1	Stopped by on my way to the Yelp Adopt-A-Family UYE at Metro Brasserie to pick up an oil change gift card, and I was there for half an hour. Worst service ever. If I hadn't waited until the last minute and wasn't just down the street from Metro Brasserie, I would've walked out. But I did, and I was, so I couldn't. So despite all my rage, I was - come on, you know the line - trapped like a rat in a cage. What - too 90s for you? Come on, Pumpkins rocked, admit it.Anyway, so first I stood there in the waiting room, me and the other three people waiting for their cars. There was nobody behind the register.I asked them, "Is there somebody working?""Define working," one of them said. The others laughed.When the clerk finally showed up ten minutes later, he came in and started messing with the register, which I was standing in front of. "Hello," I said. "Wait," he said. I told him I just wanted a gift card. He nodded. One of the mechanics came in. Somebody's car was done. He called the guy, the guy came over.Here's their exchange:clerk: Your car's ready.customer: Did you rotate the tires?clerk: Yes. I mean no. (looks at paperwork) I don't know. (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back in). No. Do you want them rotated?customer: Yes.clerk: (sighs, waves customer away like he's swatting a fly)customer: I'll go ahead and pay for it, you know, since I'm standing here.clerk: oh, uh, I don't know if I can... (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back inside) Okay.customer: They're pulling my car out.clerk: What?customer: They're pulling my car out. I don't think they're not going to rotate the tires.clerk: do you still want the tires rotated?customer: No.clerk: (rings him up for oil change, no tire rotation)My turn.me: "I'd like a gift card."clerk: "How much?"me: (tell him amount) clerk: (stares at register for 5 minutes, every once in a while glancing over at piece of paper taped to wall)me: Everything okay?clerk: (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back inside with mechanic. Together they stare at register for another 5 minutes, then mechanic goes back outside, talks to another mechanic, comes back inside)mechanic: You want a gift card?me: Yes.mechanic: How much?me: (tell him amount)mechanic: (goes back outside, talks to another mechanic, comes back inside, stares at register, reads piece of paper, re-reads piece of paper, stares at register...)Finally they figure it out - he's got to swipe the gift card. Of course his hands are covered with grease. He hands me the card, covered in grease. Nice. Don't worry, Gabs - I cleaned it up pretty good before handing it over ;)Man, am I glad I didn't take my car here.
1	I wouldn't even give them one star.I took my fleet vehicle there for the scheduled oil change.  Jiffy Lube is an authorized location and I chose this location only because I drove by it.  I pulled up and told them I only needed an oil change and probably wouldn't even need an air filter.  The manager immediately asked me if it was a fleet vehicle and which one.  He then told me he'd do what the fleet company authorizes at my mileage.  I told him I only wanted an oil change.My fleet company authorizes quite a bit to be done when brought in to Jiffy Lubes, but that doesn't mean it all needs to be done at the visit.  The manager went ahead and changed the oil, along with the windshield wipers, and rotated the tires.  The tires had just been rotated and the wipers had just been replaced.  He did not ask me if I needed these things, nor did I ask for them.  The only thing I authorized was an oil change.  He was doing anything he could to push the cost of the services to the max my fleet company allows.  When he came back in, he did not tell me what he did, I had to see it on the receipt.  I said "$100 for an oil change?"  He replied saying he did what the fleet authorizes.  I told him I get the information as to what is authorized and that is why I only asked for an oil change.This was the manager doing this, so I couldn't very well complain to the manager about the shady tactics to take advantage of my fleet company.  I'm sure he does the same things to other customers; however, it is with their hard earned money.  I'm sure people who don't know much about vehicle maintenance believe it really costs $100 for an oil change.  Do not go here unless you want to get lied to and ripped off.I've had great experiences with other Jiffy Lubes, that I will now go out of my way to get my scheduled fleet maintenance at.  I will never go here.  You should never ever go here either.
4	I saw the reviews before me when preparing my own. Yikes! I can only assume there's new management now. I brought my car in for a whatever-mile tuneup. They did a quick check before bringing it into the service bay, found out they were out of stock for my model's oil filter, asked me to come back in 2 days when their reorder was scheduled to arrive. I told them I needed fluid levels checked now, and would return in a few days to complete the checkup. They topped up coolant and oil at no charge within 5 minutes, and said they hoped I'd come back when the filters were in. I'm going back this week - the filters are in - and will update this review for better or worse as things fall out. But for now, I'm a fan.
4	Went back for the full job.Courteous, reasonably timely, let me know what had to be done at the dealer, didn't try to oversell anything ... what can I say?  They must have installed a new management since the prior reviews.
1	I'd give them more stars because they are nice and all... BUT I just pulled my car out of the lot, with nothing done to my car, because they tried to charge me $75 for an oil change (no tire rotation, no alignment, nada). $75!!?? They said they didn't have my oil filter in stock so they had to charge me $7 for going to pick it up at another shop. "OK fine". THEN, since my car takes "fully synthetic" oil - it's about $5 more per quart ($25 extra for this type of super-awesome oil apparently). I was expecting to pay $25-30 for an oil change. I HIGHLY doubt that any other place would charge as much as they wanted. And to those who can pay that, more power to you. I'll stick to going to my car dealer.
3	They got the job done without pushing the up-sell too much. They thoroughly inspect  just about everything - air pressure, water, hoses, filters, wipers, tires, etc... One air filter and a synthetic oil ran me about $120.
5	Excellent service. Courteous service techs. Very thorough. I highly recommend their service. They even vacuum the inside for you.
2	Poor customer service.  Our tech barely told us anything when we dropped the car off to him, except that the "service manager will be right with us".  "Right with us" turned in to 1/2 hour wait without having anyone even say one word to us.  I watched 3 techs work on one car and another sit in the lobby on his phone.  Jiffy Lube is supposed to be quick and this was anything but.  We finally "interrupted" the guy on his phone to ask if since they hadn't even started on my car, if we could just take it and come back later (I had to work soon). All of a sudden, there was a rush to get me done.   And we still suffered the poor customer service from the service manager that rushed through his apologies while answering the phone multiple times & cutting our conversation short.  Next time, I'll make the appointment at the dealership.
3	Decent service, staff seems a little sketchy.
1	If I could rate 0 stars, thats what they would get! As a previous employee I just want to say that after the many years I wasted at this company, I never saw anything back out of it. It was the biggest regret and mistake that i can say I have made. The company does their employees hard. everyone is replaceable. they will go out of their way to find someone that will work for the bottom dollar, whether or not they have proper documentation. this is a bad company to work for and i would highly recommend not to even bother, the back office is full of a bunch crooks that refuse to take any of the employees side in any situation, refuses to make any attempts in assisting or reaching out to them in need, as for the owner, he is a money hungry greedy person that does not know how to run a company, unless its right into the ground. if he were smart, he would sell out to heartland or JLI and do everyone a favor. do yourselves a favor and steer clear of these shops.
5	Came here for an oil change, going off my sticker from a different car service spot, thinking I was overdue. The amazing Anthony notified me that I am not in need of an oil change just yet...wow! Won me over with your honesty, JL Scottsdale. Making you my new regular oil change place. You saved me lots of money and time today.
4	I have been to a lot of Jiffy Lube's in my life, and this was the most pleasant experience I have had.
5	When you are new to Arizona, finding trustworthy businesses can be challenging. I loved this place. The staff was friendly, efficient and made me feel at ease. I was surprised when they had me get out of my car, but I could watch them work their magic from a window. They vacuumed, cleaned the windows, topped my fluids, checked my tire pressure and changed my oil ( to name but a few ). They didn't try to up sell me. They were great. I am use to paying 29.99 back at home and here they charged 39.99 . For the peace of mind it was done correctly by REALLY NICE PEOPLE..... Priceless! Kudos to the " guy in the red shirt" who did such a great  job. Thank you all, and I'll be back in 5,000! I'm really glad I didn't see these other reviews before I went. It wasn't my experience AT ALL.
5	Today was my second time in a row coming here to get an oil change, and I'll continue to come here from now. Amazing customer service, Anthony is who has helped me both times and he's so nice and helpful... You can tell he's honest too, which I feel is hard to find in the "auto care" world especially when you're a woman (they are always trying to talk you into anything). He always has a smile and talks through everything with you, giving you options.. Not just offering the most expensive. He will show you the computer screen with prices and different options. I would recommend this place to anyone, they have definitely earned my continuous oil changes from now on! Id rather go here than the actual Chevy dealership any day.
2	I learned days later I was leaking something in my garage where I previously had no leaks. I took the car back. Asked them to recheck it. " it wasn't us" was pretty much their answer.....oh and " I can bring the car into any Jiffy Lube as often as I want to have my fluids checked" Super! It wasn't leaking before now it is, fix it. They suggested I take it to the neighboring mechanic who just happened to e walking by and waved as I got his business card. RUN the other way
5	Went here for an oil change and was in and out in 15 minutes. It's was super fast and all the employees were friendly and very knowledgeable. I would recommend this place to my mother
5	Went there yesterday they were very busy, but they got my car done really fast. All the staff was friendly and nice. I would recommend this place to my friends. They even took the time to get a dime that fell in my seat belt lock at no extra charge.
5	Happy I decided to stop in. I was greeted and taken care of like they really appreciated my business. These days when you see a business who cares about their customers, knows what they are doing and does the job with a smile, you keep going back, I will. Thank you Jiffy Lube, Scottsdale for being there.
5	Went the other day... best service than any other jiffy lube by far! Thanks Jiffy Lube!
