5	Truly the best place in town!!! Fresh looking place.  The staff there are super friendly and  professional. Ask for Lucy... she's a delight!
5	I am extremely picky about where I go for a mani/pedi since I work in a top spa/salon on the strip, but MOD Nails has changed the game. Their staff are all extremely skilled in what they do and the atmosphere is relaxing and doesn't feel like an asian sweat shop (Polished nails ). I have nothing but great things to say, ask for Kim if you check it out!!
5	One of my best friends suggested this salon because of their inexpensive style in nail designs. I'm a sucker for nail art. As I walked in the establishment I immediately fell in love with the decor. The salon had a modern posh feel to it; also very clean and hygienic. The staff was friendly and  conversant. I got a gel manicure and it only cost me $30 (give or take). My nail technical was amazing, he made sure everything was up par. Can't wait to come back.
5	excellent service!! the people are so friendly!! a great experience!! I have had my nails done at several locations in town and this is by far the best! after getting a gel manicure just about 5 months ago i said i would never do it again, one placed damaged my nails really bad!! i wasn't sure if i wanted to risk getting another gel manicure again but it just last so much longer than a regular. the lady that did my nails was great and also informative, she explained the different types of gels and what would be best for me with my every day job!!! all in all and exceptional experience and great value for money!!!!
5	I loved this place!!!! I will go back!!!! The prices were good. The service was amazing!!!!
5	It took me a while to find a quality nail salon when I moved to Vegas from San Diego. Mod nails uses all the best products, lots of colors, and the decor is very inviting. Highly recommend getting the gel manis and pedis!
2	Don't come if you're needing something quick! I came for what was supposed to be an express gel mani and it took an hour and a half!!! Major wait time even with a set appointment time! Save on time..go somewhere else! Trust me!
5	Mod nails is the best Vegas !! I moved from California 2 years ago and finally found a place that could do nails!!! I had so many horror stories with nails that I was gonna stop all together because it wasn't worth the money and frustration. I noticed the chandeliers they have when I was driving by and decided to try it out . Best decision ever. Lucy did my nails exactly how I wanted them . She asked multiple times if the shape was perfect. Which it was. I always have to go home and fix the shape because it's never perfect . Lucy did them perfect the first time. She was super sweet and attentive and made me feel like what I wanted was most important , not just getting me out as fast as she could. Pricing is good and the decor is amazing. At mod nails they actually care about you being happy not just getting you out as fast as possible paying as much as possible ( polished nails) . Mod nails is the best in Vegas
5	I love, love, love this place!! My nails always look fabulous when I leave there, and I'm picky about my nails. This is the only place I will go! They are wonderful!!!
5	My mom lives in LV, visiting and she has had a hard time finding a nail place that does a good job. This place is very modern, clean, and the girls are very sweet. They do what you want, and they do it precisely. Destinee did my nails. Gel nails with glitter. Lucy did Mom's nails, she did white and pink acrylic. Both were very sweet and did a fabulous job! Very pleased. I'm sure my mom has a nail place now.
4	I'll definitely recommend this place to everyone! Being a virgin on pedi/mani I had a very good experience with the service! Must get the MOD ped! Super worth it! The salon was very clean and modern atmosphere! Ull feel like ur in a strip salon ;)
5	Love the staff they're awesome! Clean expertly done nails. Jenny does a mean mani and peni, she doesn't rush and brings a crusty foot back to life! They're all extremely creative and personable.
5	I have been with the same nail person for 6 years and I had to move on,  I am very picky....I like my nails done right.  Have tried so many places but no luck in finding my new nail shop until I came here!!  She did so good and I didn't have to say anything just kick back and relax.  So many options for color.  Nice clean place.  Love!!!!!  Going to go here forever.  Kim and her sister are amazing!
5	I have been coming here for awhile now on the recommendation of a few friends! I am addicted to getting gel manis and Tara always does a great job.  I often find nail art ideas on Pinterest and Tara is always accommodating with my nail art requests! My manicures last 2-3 weeks and they do not chip. Gel is so worth it. Go see Tara at Mod Nails!
5	Love this place! Was introduced to this place by a friend few months ago and now I refuse to go anywhere else! Everyone here is so nice and welcoming!My pedicures MUST be done by Jenny. I will die if she ever leaves. I'll admit I have the WORST heels. But after leaving mod, my feet are soft like a baby's butt. If you are looking for a quick pedi I wouldn't recommend her but if you're looking for good work done to your heels and nails... Jenny is the person to request!! She is VERY detailed and meticulous when it comes to rough heels. LOVE HERany of the girls are very good with manis and any other hand work. The staff here is young and fun!
5	Staff is excellent!! I had a mani and pedi. My feet feel absolutely amazing and I'm already receiving compliments on my nails!! The atmosphere is great there! Decorated super cute!! I think Kim was who did my nails and she was awesome! Everyone was super personable and they were very accommodating! I highly recommend going there!
5	I called at 11:45 am to see if I could get a walk-in appointment and was told to come in at noon. Such a cute salon! I was greeted by Lucy who had me sit down to look at colors and soak off my old gel manicure. The technicians are all very friendly. The atmosphere was great. I am not a picky nail person and just love having nail designs and something unique. Lucy absolutely fit the bill for my needs!  I got a standard gel manicure with a nail wrap on my ring fingers. I will be back to this salon because of Lucy and the whole experience!!!
5	I've been looking for a new nail salon since I moved on this side of town & I'm happy to say I think I found the right one! This place is only a good 10 minutes away. I found this place on yelp & saw all the great reviews & decided to give this place a try. Kim did my nails & she made me feel comfortable being there as soon as I came in. It wasn't awkward like some other places. It does take a little longer than normal but I'd rather her take her time & make them look great. The salon is so cute, I'm obsessed with the way it looks inside. Anywho, I will definitely be back!
5	Found my new favorite nail spot!! Destinee did my nails so gorgeously! I seriously love it. She was always following up with me if I liked how it is, making sure that I loved it. I will definitely come back here for a combo of mani and pedi next time, they're having a promotion right now which is 20% off a mani and pedi :)
5	Amazing place love the location. Just a great place to get my nails done. I will go back.
5	This is hands downs the best nail salon in Las Vegas.  Besides being the cleanest salon the staff is the friendliest and most welcoming. Kimi is absolutely amazing. She's so particular and precise when she does my nails. They ALWAYS look perfect. I never feel rushed and the prices are very reasonable. If you're looking for a clean salon with incredible nail technicians MOD nails is what you're looking for. You won't be disappointed.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!Too expensive for what u get they have ppl that dont even know what their doing don't recomment this place to anyone.
4	I came here for the first time today.  I made an appointment over the phone for 4pm. I had a flight to catch so I needed my nails filled and fixed.  I signed in and was seen 20 min later by owner, Kim. She did apologize many times for being late and said they're always on time. One of their lights broke so they were running a bit behind.  Hey....things happen.   She really made up for the time though!  In 45 min. I had my broken nail fixed and my acrylic nails filled and gel polish applied! She's very personable and professional.  For a rushed appointment I'm happy they came out very pretty. Great selection of colors.  She's also able to do hard gel and any pic of designs you show her.  Adorable salon and affordable prices.  I will return :)
5	Today I had the pleasure of going to Mod nails thanks to my good friend Alexa. I love how nice the salon looks it's very modern. The nail techs(destiny is really good for nail art) are very skilled and nice. I'll deff be returning here next time and I'm pretty sure this will be my regular nail salon.
5	First time doing my nails at Mod Nails. Decided to give them a shot due to really good reviews on Yelp. Not disappointed at all. Greeted right when I walked through the door and was seated. Staff is very friendly and place was clean. I like how it was really calm and I wasn't being rushed. Lucy did a great job on my nails, I love them. She was gentle and would ask if I was doing fine or if she was hurting me. Lucy was very gentle while she was doing my nails. Even my boyfriend liked the place, which is rare lol. I definitely would be coming back to Lucy for a pedicure and refill. I probably found my new nail place (:
5	I called today at 11:00am to make an appointment for a gel manicure and pedicure for 1:00. I have never been to Mod Nails before but decided to leave the factory at Polished for a better experience. They were so friendly on the phone and got me an appointment right away! I was greeted by Jenny and she allowed me to pick my color for my pedicure. Jenny is amazing!!! My toes are perfect and she was so meticulous.  Jenny then asked Kim to come over and start my manicure while Jenny was finishing up. Kim is hands down the best nail person I have ever been to. I showed her the nails I wanted (from Pinterest) and she changed it to an even better design! She knows exactly what to do! She was so easy to talk to and both jenny and Kim made my experience so special. I will recommend this place to everyone! I already made my next appointment for my sister and myself. Try Mod Nails and you will not be disappointed!
5	Definetly love tarrah! So nice ! Love this new place ! Little cute nail salon. Love it
5	One of the nicest Nail Shops been to! The inside is clean, modern and very chic. The girls are adorable & customer service is top notch! I am from California... but will return my next visit to Vegas. I suggest calling to make an appointment because they were extremely busy. Save yourself the wait (:
4	I went here for the first time the other day, super cute modern (go figure) decor.  The salon is in an L shape, with the pedi chairs along one side and the nail stations on the other, so it wouldn't be the best for a girl day if you're getting different services.  I called the day of and they got me in for a gel mani pedi.  They have a little less selection of gel colors than other salons I'm used to, but picked a bright pink with glitter on the tips.  I had to wait soaking in the water for about 20 min, but hey i didn't really have an appointment... I wasn't offered any extras like a callus remover gel or paraffin treatment (again like most other places I've been) but the pedi did include a scrub and a really nice massage! My nails are about 10 days old and starting to lift at the edges... I'm not particularly hard on my nails so I'm a little disappointed.  Prices are on par for most other salons.  A bonus- everyone there only spoke english.. so you know no one is talking smack... well at least in your presence.
4	Came here when I visited LV with a bunch of my girlfriends. We all got manis and pedis. The gals that own the place are super sweet and attentive. Wish this place was closer to where I live!
5	Love this place. Been in Vegas for over 2 years and this is the 1st nail salon that I actually keep going back to over and over again. Lucy is great, even accommodates me when I forget to make an appointment! Would recommend this place to everyone!
2	This was horrible nail experience.  The ONLY thing good I can say was the ladies were nice AND spoke english. First they let my shellac pedicure sit for an hour and didn't trim my cuticles or anything. The scrub was harsh. The boss felt bad for having me wait so so she gave me a free shellac paint job...that was ok. For my service and my friend's service was $80 totally not worth it. If I go back to Vegas I don't think I would go there. This is coming from some one who knows how a pedi and mani is supposed to be done!
5	Needed my nails done really bad and was able to get in an appointment for a gel pedi which was amazing and a hard gel fill. All I can say is that it was more then what I was expecting. I want to grow my nails out so I'm in a acrylic to hard gel transition and Kim made my nails look amazing and very natural. She took most of the acrylic off and even sculpted a hard gel tip because one of my nails broke. And the design was exactly what I envisioned. I will definitely be coming back to see Kim. And on top of great service and actually telling you what they are going to do the salon is very modern and has very cute boutique feel. I loved it!
5	Wow! I recently moved to Las Vegas, and what a relief it was to stumble upon Mod Nails right away. I made an appointment day of for a gel pedicure and an acrylic, full set, gel mani. They got me in, right on schedule, and immediately were very warm and welcoming. Kim, who did my mani, was FANTASTIC! I was in a bit of a hurry, and she whipped out the most fantastic set of acrylics WITH hand painted "watercolor" roses in under an hour. She promised they had anything I could dream of to paint on, glue on, or stick on my nails. They seriously can do anything, and you can tell they really enjoy their work. I'll definitely be back to Mod Nails, and I'm so happy and relieved to have found such a gem of a nail salon on my first try since i moved to Vegas.
5	Awesome salon....everyone is super nice and accommodating  So glad I found this place with the help of Yelp.
5	Im so glad I came across this nail salon. The nail techs are professional and really have skills and creative. Not to mention everything is a "one time use" that means sanitary. Thanks Kimi and Lucy for your service. I am one happy client :)
5	Very clean, friendly, experienced and beautiful shop. Here from la and needed my acrylic taken off and a mani. Painless, took their time and have amazing natural nails after 20 years.
4	A two mile jaunt southwest down Tropicana Ave from the main MGM Resort Complex (Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand and Luxor), Mod Nails is totally worth the trip off the strip! Regular Pedi is $25... "The Mod" is $35 (my hotel on the strip charges $65). The Mod + gel pedi will set you back $50. Mani with gel was $27. Message to owner: keep the current price point!Each and everyone of my group of four is happy with their nails and the quality and service are excellent.  Only downside is the massage chair didn't work.Walk-ins are accepted, but call first to make an appointment because they book up quick. Three of five technicians were working on a Monday. Lucy and sister (can't remember her name) we're great. Bertha is new, but she's the bomb!Service: APrice (you get what you pay for): A+Location: BAmbiance / clientele: B+Quality: AOverall: A-Don't forget to turn left off of Tropicana Street on to S Rainbow Blvd. (located across from the Hospital).
1	Horrible customer service,  poorly managed. I made an appointment for 5 for a pedicure and walked out at 5:40 without painted toes. They did put my feet in a tub after I was waiting for 15 minutes, but when my toes were properly wrinkled I pulled them out and promptly left. It would of been so much better for them to tell me to come back at 6 so i wouldn't of wasted an hour of my time.
5	Went yesterday [08/26], got gel removal done first and a reapply. I absolutely love going to this place even though it's a bit far from where I live. The prices are reasonable and the staff excellent! There are so much of a selection between coloring, designs, and work needing to be done. I loved my latest visit to the nail salon as I had my first time getting ga gel manicure when I moved to Vegas. I highly recommend checking it out and please be patient with them as they are patient with you and the large requests you come with.
5	I travel for 9 months out of a year and love getting mani/pedis! I have traveled far an wide in search of the best and Mod Nails is it! Incredibly cute, stylish, modern, sanitary and most of all talented. You cannot find a more quality mani/pedi. Anything you can imagine, they can do!!! Once you go here, nowhere else will do.
5	I'm in town on vacation and my nails were bad. I decided to get a full set and searched BEST ACRYLIC NAILS... I found Mod Nails as first on all reviews. Lucy and Tammy were awesome. I ended up getting a pedicure and a full set. Lucy, the actual owner, is verry skilled and my nails are awesomeeeeee!!! I wish I could take her to Houston!
1	UPDATE: In reply to the message by KimFirst of all, your tech DID NOT ask if it was hard gel. True, I did not know either way at the time, or that there was a difference, but she absolutely did not ask me. Second, after an hour passed and you came over, YOU ASKED HER, if it was hard gel and she said no, TWICE. You had to ask her if she was sure and then YOU took a look. Your tech clearly had no clue until you came over. Take a look at the pictures, they show how awful of a job was done. Its not hard to see that she was not knowledgeable on this type of manicure or how to remove it. I went in for the first time to get my gel nail polish removed. They did the whole foil and cotton balls in acetone thing and my polish would not budge. 1 hour later, someone else comes over, I am guessing the owner or manager, and realizes its a hard gel polish. She explains to me that its tough to come off and it can only come off by drilling, which is fine, that is how my usual lady does it. I get home and start folding laundry. My nails feel very uncomfortable and thin. They are physically bending. Clearly a few of them were drilled too long because my whole right hand is fine. I call to ask for a refund, I am told they don't do refunds. I explain I don't want a store credit because I simply wouldn't go back to get services because of the bad experience. Alright, now she can do a refund.There is construction being done on my street so I don't want to leave and go all the way over  so I ask if there's another way to do it, without me having to show up, she rudely asks me "well how else would I do it?" Look, I don't know it was a simple question. Bottom line, it was disturbing how long it took a nail technician to figure out it was a hard gel polish, and I was surprised in the managers sarcasm and rudeness over the phone. I am so upset I am not even going back for the refund. BAD EXPERIENCE.
5	MOD is the best nail salon in Vegas!!!! The decor is super modern and they provide a cozy atmosphere.Kim is amazing. She is hardworking, sweet and dedicated! Most nail salons you go to you can't hold a conversation with the employees but at MOD everyone is nice and friendly.Any nail design you want they can do. The have all the latest colors, decals and styles. There hasn't been one time that I've went and been disappointed.
4	I haven't had my nails in quite a while, but needed to look nice for my vacation. I found Mod Nails after looking through manicurists in the area and they had the best reviews. Destiny was my manicurist and she was great. Friendly and personable, she made my experience very pleasant. My manicure held up during my trip.I'd definitely come back again if I'm ever in need of another manicure.
5	Loved this nail salon. First time in , Kim took care of me and I love my nails so much ! :)
