2	Not quite the Nathan's I grew up with in New York.  Disappointing.
3	Yeah nothing really special here. Grabbed a hotdog cuz I was starving and wasn't quite ready for dinner yet but was for sure ready for beer lol. Just another hotdog imo, nothing really stood out as special or delicious. I was hoping for more but just didn't deliver.
2	OVERPRICED.I paid $11 for a tiny hot dog and chili cheese fries in a medium plate.The hot dog was indeed tasteful and their fries were delicious but definately not work $11
4	Very fitting to have a Nathan's inside NYNY and this location is convenient because it's located next to the arcade on the 2nd floor. I had a craving today because my family stayed at NYNY last week and I kept walking by when going to the parking garage. Service is fast here and food comes out faster than I had expected. I had a hot dog, crinkle cut fries and a slice of pepperoni pizza. Everything came out hot and tasty and the price was reasonable for being inside a Las Vegas strip casino, although it would probably be considered a little pricey for a hot dog still. I would come here again if at NYNY. I've been to other Nathan's locations in Vegas that were even more overpriced, so this seemed like a pretty good location. If you get hungry after playing at the arcade or riding the roller coaster, I would recommend coming here to grab a bite to eat.
3	Decent for a quick meal. A little pricy... i mean almost $4 for 16oz bottle of water?! But I digress.. Philly cheese steak was good. Tenders were fresh but a little too much batter. Some fries were soggy, I like mine extra crisp. Anyway for those 2 meals, onion rings, large soda and bottle of water it was $40!
4	Aside the prices the cheesesteak was awesome just needed a pinch of salt & pepper. Also it's  the only place in the NYNY to get free softdrink refiles! And last but not least the fries were amazing :)
4	Can't beat a Nathan's hot dog. :-)  paid about $10.00 for a combo. Very good and split between two.
3	I absolutely love Nathan's Hot Dogs. I was excited when the friendly girl behind the counter told me they were giving out coupons for 50% of my order. That was extremely nice of her and she told me she like to help people save some money. I'm all about saving money. The fries were a little soggy but my dog was good. I'm giving 3 stars for the food 5 stars for the service.
4	Good hot dogs. A little pricey but it is Nathan's and I am fine paying for quality. Had it with ketchup, mustard and grilled onions. Also, the crinkle fries are also good. I look forward to trying a cheesesteak of theirs.
4	My family and I had an afternoon snack, and we shared the 2 hot dogs with fries combo. One hotdog had the works - ketchup, mustard, onions and relish while the other was plain and we added ketchup for our daughter.  It was our first time having Nathan's Famous hotdogs.  Our food was made to order and served hot.  The hotdogs were good and the fries were thick crinkle cut fries and tasty.
3	I LOVE Nathan's as a rule and this one is ok to a little better than ok.Most stuff is good here but there is one item to miss... They have these garlic knott bread things that look great but be warned.... They are very dry and bland.My hotdogs and fries were great though!
3	When visiting the New York New York Hotel and riding the roller coaster, it only makes sense to grab a Nathan's dog. Expensive as everything on the strip, at least this was affordable and decent quality. They were decent. Had a nice "pop" when you bit through the skin. Same size as regular supermarket dogs. I sat here for a while when my daughter rode the coaster over and over again, so it was a decent place to eat a chili dog, sip lemonade, and chill.
3	So again on a quest for a decent yet budget friendly meal we found this locations in the top corner of New York New York.  They had a selection I was not ready for as you see Nathan's and you think... Hot Dogs.  Well yes they had hot dogs, but they also had Pizza, Stromboli, and even Cheese Steaks.  So being the east coast girl I am, I could not pass up what looked to be a decent cheese steak.  Everyone's version is a little different when it comes to cheese steaks.  I decided to go with the Bacon Cheese steak.   I was a little disappointed that the bacon was more boiled then crisp.  The rolls they use also didn't really hold up to well to the product.  As anyone one knows, a cheese steak is 50% about the bread.  Their fries are thick crinkle cut, which were actually pretty good.  A little crisper would have been my preference.  Over all it was a decent and yet again sharable meal if you wanted it to be.  Or something to satisfy a larger appetite all to yourself.
5	If you looking for a light good dinner. Then Nathan's it is. They are famous for their New York style chili dogs. I always order 2 since they aren't jumbo size. The dogs have just a special flavor to them.
5	Great hot dogs. Lots of topping options. Fast. Easy. Quick. Fun 50's diner decor. Right beside the new york new york arcade and rollercoaster. Easy on the wallet.Lots of topping choices is why I frequent this place...but also bc its quick and easy for kids. Hot dogs are some of the best ive had. How do they make hot dogs appetizing???Also tried the cheese and sausage stromboli which was really huge and super tasty. Like a pizza rolled up in a conveinent easy to carry pizza pop. So big there were leftovers for later.Oh and theres always coupons so check out hotel magazines or coupon books. I got a sweet deal bc of it!
5	I like the Nathan's dogs they serve in our local movie theater but these were not the same or they are prepared differently.The fries on the other hand were AMAZING!!!  Going back to NY NY tomorrow and will get just fries, can't wait.
5	My niece was hungry after arcading for a while and couldn't wait for the family to go to a buffet so we grabbed a quick slice of pizza and a drink for her. Maybe it's cause we weren't expecting much but the pizza was out and hot extremely fast as it ended up being really good. The sauce had the perfect sweetness to it and the cheese was melted just right. I prefer a thinner crust but the medium thickness on Nathan's pizza was just fine. Also, try the orangade. I thought it was going to taste like Sunkist but it kid of reminded me more of an Orange Julius drink. I would go back for a cheap fast bite.
4	Went back the next day with my son and mom and the fries were still specatular.  This time I had a stromboli and it was pretty good.
