4	Even if you don't own a restaurant Great Deals can be found!How about paying 29.5 CENTS@ For Red Bell Peppers! (Bags of 6 for $1.77)How about getting close to 5 Lbs. of Parsnips for $2.25Butternut Squash is only pennies a lb. It was only $1.something for two really big butternut squashes.I saw some whole pigs.I saw low priced meat items I'll try next time. 1lb. 1oz. Canola Cooking spray for $2.54Small boxes of frozen Wild Caught Fish of different varieties.LOTS OF STUFF more stuff than you need.Glassware, Plates, all kinds of containers, gadgets, knives, and restaurant equipment.One of the flat top grills I saw sure would be nice to have. Some prices were very low and some were the same as anyplace.You need a free membership card to shop.Also it will be helpful to bring a sweater with you as it gets mighty cold real fast when your walking around the produce, meats and cheeses.
3	Great place for bulk items like Costco without the annual membership.  Some items are comparable like the giant chub of ground beef.
4	Great place for buying bulk items. Love that they provide jackets to walk into the freezer.. nice touch
4	Chef'Store is more like a restaurant supply warehouse that happens to be open to the public. This means that unless you're looking to feed an army, chances are that the portion sizes will be way too big if you're shopping for just 2. They do have some great deals on high quality items, and the freezer/produce section is amazing. Since I don't have any need for a whole frozen goat, or a whole wheel of cheese, I won't be making too many purchases here, but it's nice to know that the option exists if I need to feed a lot of people.Some examples of the varied items you can find here: halal meat, Minor's chicken base, kitchen utensils, bar stools, and Torani syrup.
4	Cool place, like Smart and Final on a billion steroids! Yes- It's more of ea restaurant supply, warehouse-deal, but, they have some great deals on the smaller stuff if you try looking. Bought a bag of green leaf, chopped lettuce for about $2.50, and some other fun stuff. If you have a large family, 14 roommates, etc. I'd shop here. I live kind of far away to make this my Go-To spot, but if in the area, I'd hit it up again for sure!
5	Love this place.  Wish they had more pork ribs.  All they had was frozen and I was told I would have to purchase the case.  I only needed 3 racks
4	Came here with my wife and family to check out what was going on at this giant location. I'd popped in here once before and was ready to take the crew for a fun and exciting field trip.What a really cool and clean place to buy large portions of the foods that you would see and eat at many of your standard chain restaurants. They even have all the necessary things to keep the cooks happy in the kitchen as well as several items to keep you on the top of the health departments "A" lists.This store is not for the regular grocery shopper. The portion sizes are larger than that Price Club place and probably better for giant parties or catering events. We decided to come in and split the big portions amongst family members and co-workers to keep things real.Had to pick up a 10# box of Walleye and a 6# of breaded Oysters on this visit. There were also some Sauces on the Asian aisle that sneaked into my cart. The ladies in my group picked out some produce from the cooler and I checked out the meat section for next time. Homer ... Brisket!You do need a member's card to get into this place. It is FREE and the information that they ask for is relatively general. Just walk up to the customer service section and they will gladly point you in the right direction.Take you time and give everything a good look. The labels on much of the boxed items only have a small description on them and not a lot of those flashy marketing gimmicks on the sides.The walk in cooler is also a treat and very large. Don't not worry about getting too cold or having to bring special clothing. They have several complementary bright yellow (NASA) jackets that are available right by the self opening cooler doors. See ya there next time. I'll be hovering over the Brisket and the Pork Shoulder. COOL MAN!4 STARS
3	Was a little disappointed at how high the prices were on fresh meat and produce. Not even close to competitive with Restaurant Depot. Dry goods and kitchen ware ok but you can do as well at Sam's Club.
5	To all the previous reviewers who compared the Chef Store to local grocery stores: This is a walk in store for RESTAURANT OWNERS to shop for resale for what their "chefs" need, in case they have to pick up items that may not have been on their regular delivery truck from a food purveyor or they ran out of something, OR they like the freedom to browse new products that that otherwise haven't crossed their minds during their daily routine in the kitchen. The Chef Store just happened to open it up to the public, not for y'all to attempt to compare it to something you were looking for in a regular grocery store. (A restaurant owner will not regularly go to Frys to buy the quantity of pasta that they need for resale for 49 cents per pound. It's a waste of their time, and you cannot make tax exempt purchases at retail stores, FYI)As a local business owner, I am very thankful to have the convenience of The Chef Store without the pain of driving downtown for the Restaurant Depot (which is not for the public). Thank you US Foodservice for this great store!
5	This place is amazing! If you like to cook as much as I do then you will be in heaven! Its almost too much to take in on the first visit. Prices are great but they are directed towards resturants so most things are in bulk but all around its amazing!
4	I can't wait to go back here!!  Over the Winter School break I love to explore new places. For a foodie like me, that enjoys cooking from scratch and often feeds larger crowds herself, US Food will be a go to place. Prices aren't remarkably cheap just reasonable, especially for often used items with out a lot of fuss. the big quanity is a plus. Envision a larger Smart and Final with a huge freezer and refridge area. If you are hosting or catering large parties this is the place for you. Here are some of my favorites: Wide variety of frozen fish and crusteceans  decent pricing  Frozen Brussel Sprouts - $3.99  for a large bag Frozen Peaches   5lbs for $12.99 5 lb cans of Ghiradellli Hot Chocolate White and Regular  $11.99 a can Large packs of colored napkins  for reasonalbe prices Wide Variety of Spices in large quanities similiar to packaging at Smart and Final but much ,much more!  Glad to have found it and excited to use it's resources. Check it out and let me know what you think.
