5	SpitFire Grill has opened in the space that used to house Sign of the Whale at the intersection of Warner & McClintock.  My son has a weekly tutoring appointment in the same shopping center, so when his Wednesday session rolled around this week I decided to check out Spitfire, figuring a cold beer would beat waiting for a hour in the car outside.What a lucky decision!  Spitfire really impressed me tonight and proved that it's more than just your typical neighborhood beer bar.The atmosphere is small, calm and uncluttered.  A few TVs in the bar and one in the dining room were on, but without sound which was nice.My bartender Brendan was friendly, knowledgeable, and recommended a great beer for me (Grand Canyon American Pilsner, which is brewed in Williams but which I had never tried before).  When I asked a question about their beers he hauled out a big binder with information on every beer they carry.I decided to have my family join me there for dinner.  The service was fast, friendly and -- again -- knowledgeable and able to make recommendations about the food.  Even though this was their first night open, everything went smoothly for us.When the food came, we were blown away.  We had expected reasonably good "bar food", although the menu definitely showed some aspiration to better things.  We started with the Crispy Calamari, accompanied by a really unique sweet citrus chili dipping sauce that was light, not too sweet and with just the right amount of heat -- delicious.For entrees we chose the Diver Scallops with Asian Slaw and a White Soy Mushroom Sauce (incredible), the All-Natural Beef Bistro Tender (cooked perfectly) and the Green Tea Noodles with Miso Broth (delicious and plentiful).  All exceeded our expectations.The owner stopped by during dinner, as did a number of other staff members, to see how we were doing.  Our server, Nikki, was delightful.All in all we were very pleasantly surprised and so happy to have another high-quality, casual and comfortable restaurant in our area -- especially one with 18 beers on tap and many others available.Spitfire Grill is using Twitter (@spitfiregrill) and Facebook to promote themselves, and I'd encourage East Valley folks to follow, friend and enjoy what they have to offer.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Went tonight for dinner and thought it was great!  Can't wait to go back for a second try.
5	The Spitfire Grill opened up right in my neighborhood in a space that previously housed 2 sub par restaurants, Sign of the Whale and before that Voodoo Daddy's. I found both of these restaurants to be really repulsive lending to the idea that the location might be jinxed, but nevertheless we gave Spitfire Grill a try and I'm glad we did. We love to support local businesses and Spitfire Grill is easy to love! This place could easy be one of my top five favorite restaurants and the fact that it's within walking distance from my house is a total bonus. This neighborhood desperately needed a locally owned, non-chain restaurant to liven up the area. They've completely changed the interior from the garish and tacky Sign of the Whale "maritime decor" with nets and plastic lobsters to a cool, modern, rustic southwestern decor. Faux finished walls, iron candelabras and dim lighting really make the atmosphere pretty posh for a tavern. Even though it's a "grill" per se, the ambiance is nice enough that it could easily be a date night place, it's the most elegant looking "bar" for miles around that's for sure.First of all they give you complimentary spicy paprika hummus with cracker bread. I love freebies and I especially love them when they taste that incredible. The waitress said they make everything in house. The hummus was exceptional...and free. We started with a cup of the butternut squash soup which was finished with molasses. It looked boring but tasted spectacular! I was surprised how much flavor and appeal it had for as drab as it looked. I would definitely order that again. We also had the flat bread with goat cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions. I was a little surprised that it had tomato sauce on it, for some reason I didn't imagine the goat cheese would taste good with that but it did. The actual flat bread itself, whatever type of dough it was made out of was light and delicious. As far as that particular flavor pairing, I probably wouldn't order that again even though it was tasty and I did eat all of it! For lunch I ordered the Cuban sandwich. I love, love, love Cuban sandwiches when they are done well. My favorite is from Mimita's Cuban Cafe and my least favorite is from Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale. So now that I've tried Spitfire's Cuban it's my NEW favorite. It's not traditional, it's a more modern take on it. I love that instead of sliced ham, which is usually lunch meat at most places, that they used Serrano ham which is basically Spain's version of prosciutto. Delicious. Then there was pulled pork and sweet house made pickles. The surprising part was some kind of avocado spread, not usually on a Cuban but worked really well. The whole thing was panini pressed and the bread was fabulous. Now on to the french fries. Oh my. The waitress said they were fried in rice oil which is supposed to be healthier for you. I'm not sure how it could be healthy when they taste so incredible. They appeared to be either batter dipped fries or twice fried fries, not sure, but they had exceptional crunch and flavor. I'd like to have a double order of the fries next time!My friend had the tuna panini but I didnt' taste it, however it looked really good and she said she love it. Last but not least we had one of their homemade desserts. Cranberry peach cobbler with cinnamon ice cream. It came out in a little cast iron skillet. It was a pretty traditional cobbler/crumble, the topping was really nice, some type of oats and brown sugar concoction. I felt like the peaches may have been frozen, but it did not detract from the enjoyment of the dessert and I don't believe peaches are in season right now anyway. Next time I'd like to try their bread pudding.                                   So why do I like this place???  It's a couple blocks from my house, I'm sure locals will be packing in there in no time. They use natural meats, hormone, steroid and antibiotic free meats and even have an organic burger on the menu. I like that because I only buy meats that meet that criteria anyway and it's near impossible to find that when dining out. They use local produce and products as much as possible and it's not a chain!!! The biggest reason I love it is because there's FINALLY a good restaurant in this neighborhood where everyone seems to have the palette of a 90 year old nursing home patient. How Marcello's has stayed in business right across the street is amazing to me. They should start worrying because this place is 10000 times better. Oh yeah, almost forgot, since I'm pregnant and not drinking I didn't really get into it but apparently they have like a couple dozen beers on tap, most of them from local breweries. Can't wait to try that after baby comes!
5	Great food.  Wonderful service.  We will definitely be back.
4	Spitfire, you are delish, my dear! What is not to like about a great neighborhood restaurant that uses hormonre free meats and local produce, nothing at all! They opened just a few months back and there are a few kinks to work out. The service can be great and then not so much. Practice makes perfect. Their beer selection is amazing. Craft beers, tap beers and canned beers. PBR is served as well as some small brewery beers.  I am not a big beer fan, more of a wine and mixed drink kinda gal, but i went in one night and ordered a cider. The server suggested I try a mix of a vanilla ale and the apple cider, Um, OK. It was awesome....like really good, as in how many of these should I be drinking!The food is good but not great. I had the porkloin and it was salty and the bean mash lacked taste. But my hubby had the steak medallions and they were wonderful. Had the calamri a few times, quite good but not a big fan of the dipping sauce served with it. The hamburgers- corn fed or grass fed beef are available and are quite nice. All and all, I great place to have an after work drink, a meal or just chillin with your hommies in South Tempe!
4	Loved the atmosphere and the cuban sandwich was very good. I will definitely be a repeat customer. I just hope the location isn't jinxed, I don't want to see this restaurant go.
5	Finally, some good food has shown up in this location. Their pizzas are great, especially the veggie pizza. Amazing soups and salads. This establishment is a welcomed addition to the area, and I do hope that more people find out about this place. The ingredients are fresh and are locally grown, and it shows. They have a great selection of libations if you enjoy a drink while you dine. The live music is absolutely amazing (the name of the gentleman I saw is escaping me at the moment). I will be going back very soon and very often.
2	Even with a Groupon Coupon, for the prices they charge, my money would have been better spent elsewhere. I had higher expectations for Spitfire Grill & Tavern. The best thing, in my opinion, is the selection of craft brews they offer. The New York Strip Steak I had for dinner was not of the quality I expected for $24.00 a pop. I've had similar steaks at Applebees for $16.00. The scallop dish my wife ordered came with a sauce that was bland and lacking in flavor. The portions were on the small side as well. The service was ok, but again, at the prices they are charging it could have been better. Overall, we were disappointed and somewhat relieved we had the groupon to offset what would have been an $85.00 bill.
2	Went to the restaurant on Saturday at 8:00 PM to try this new place.  The hostess was not that friendly when we walked in and seemed busy with something she was doing.  There were plenty of open tables in the restaurant but the hostess after looking at the sign in sheet said they were full and it would be a wait.  The hostess said we could sit in the bar and she would get us when a table opened up.  I still saw numerous open tables in the restaurant so I declined and said we would be leaving.  She then replied it would only be maybe 15 minutes for a table.  No thanks, I have received better receptions at other places which will be my first choice in the future.
4	Good beer and wine selection. Nice atmosphere, comfortable yet classy. Food was good, calamari awesome, they have a chili sauce that is the bomb. Only did happy hour, can't wait to eat dinner here, and go through more of the beer and wine selection. Woo hoo another good place to eat and drink!Only prob we had was no changing station for babys in the bathroom.
3	Love the wine list. They have three AZ wines available and use local meats and produce. This is my second time and so far the food has been okay. If not for the romantic wine bar atemosphere, I dont think I'd come back. Dont get the ceviche and the bruchetta is pretty lack-luster compared to everyone's favorite- Postinos and The Living Room. I am excited to go back and prove this rating wrong, since its right in my hood.
5	Great place. I escape here at least a few times a month. AMAZING beer selection and the appetizer selection is the BOMB!!! I havent had anything bad here yet!! Props to the owners. Dont ever take Dogfishhead Ale off!!! The flatbread pizza is incredible too!!
4	Found this place online and we checked it out on Saturday night. It was empty when we got there around 6pm so we were a bit nervous, but the hostess told us it was a late crowd usually and the place was pretty full by the time we left.The food was superb. One of the reasons we chose to dine here was because they offer grass fed organic meats and we split a burger that was very tasty (in fact, neither my wife or I had eaten beef in almost two years!). We also split a great salad with a well cooked Ahi steak and had the bruschetta as well. The whole menu was interesting and we'll definitely be back.The real surprise was the beer selection. Wow. I had a tough time choosing, and then the waitress told me about the special and it sounded so good I couldn't pass it up. It was an agave wheat beer from Breckenridge and it was very tasty. Great little neighborhood place and we'll definitely be back. Hope it sticks around as the spot has had poor luck with restaurants.
1	Oh south tempe how u disappoint. This may be the highest yelp-rated neighborhood joint but only because SoTempe's standards are so low. Worthless waitress who knew nothing about the otherwise impressive beer list. 10$ short vodka drink for the wife (more than Scottsdale). Awful soup with watered-down bbq sauce as the broth.  Bitter caesar salad. Flatbread was passable only bc it tasted like the trader joes ingredients I buy myself.  Great playlist but volume at 1 to appease all the gray hairs in the joint (on a Saturday night at 8:00).  Only part of "gastropub" this place has right is the beer list.
4	I think the curse has finally be lifted from this doomed restaurant location. It has been at least 4 different restaurants in the past ten years but I think Spitfire is here to stay. Spitfire is fresh and exactly what this neighborhood needs; simply prepared, delicious food in a relaxed environment that isn't a clone chain. I've ate here a couple times and all th apps have been delish but I especially enjoyed the duck brushetta with cherry gatrique. The burgers are great and can be customized exactly how you want. Some other dishes that got good reviews from my group were the grilled veg sandwich, pizza, salmon, and albacore tuna panini. They have a great happy hour with tons of amazing beers to choose from. Don't leave without trying Tonya's oatmeal sandwich dessert which really is like a oatmeal pizookie with chocolate, caramel , and ice cream (incredibly yummy).
5	Went there last week and we were very pleasantly surprised. Everything on the menu looked delicious. We had an order of onion rings to start out and they were great. Then we had a couple of steaks for dinner. The Beef Bistro Tender was rediculous. If you're getting a steak, go for this one. The price is great also. We had the New York Strip as well, but it didn't hold a candle ot the other. Avoid the strip and go for the bistro tender. They have a great selection of beers. They are devoted to using local products and making everything from scratch and it shows. We'll definitely be back.
3	I went here on sunday night with the BF as I had a groupon (gotta love the groupons!). We got here kind of late, about 8 o clock and there was not a single person in the dining room, there were two tables outside. So it was kind of weird sitting in the dining room... alone. But that's what I get for going late on a Sunday. We were sat immediately by our waitress and given water and some lavosh and paprika hummus. The hummus tasted weird. Not a fan. So that made me worried about the rest of the night. The BF got a snakebite and I got a hefeweizen of some sort. There were some problems with the drinks. I ordered the Mothership Wit, which was on the menu, but they didn't have it. Lame. So she suggested something else, and what she suggested was fine, but I was excited for the other, as I have never had it on tap. The BF's snakebite was also messed up, it was about half head. The waitress recognized that and told him 'oh we'll top it off for you, don't worry, we'll take care of you.' Well, that never happened. Eventually he just drank the 3/4 full beer. So come on, that's lame. As for the food, it was actually pretty good. The BF got a grass fed burger with cheddar and it was really tasty, the meat was very good and the burger was a good size. I ordered the bruschetta. They have about 6 options for types of bruschetta and you have to order at least three at 2.50 a piece. I got the tomato jam, garlic and balsamic, the fig, goat cheese, green apple, and molasses, and the confit duck with gastrique onion. They were good, but not as good as postino... however I didn't have to wait hours for them either so.... The tomato jam one was just alright, but the balsamic was tasty. The goat cheese was good but the figs and apples didn't seem to be in season or something, the apple didn't have much flavor, but overall it still tasted good. The duck, however, was delicious! This is my second time ever eating duck and it was soooo good. Wow. I would go back just for that. The duck fell apart and had so much flavor. I was impressed. So overall, the place was ok, I would probably go back on a busier night. Oh! and our waitress looked and kind of sounded like Kristen Wiig, so that was pretty awesome.
2	Surprised by all the five star reviews for Spitfire.  We either visited on an off night or the five-starers don't expect much.  Went on a Saturday night two months after place opened.  4 people at the bar...two tables of people. Waitress seemed bothered to be there. She was given the basic food knowledge but didn't really know anything. Beer selection was great.  Onion rings had too much onion to breading ratio.  Bruschetta was okay....but not La Bocca and certainly not Postino.  Our other dishes were fine, but by the time the bill came, we'd wished we'd driven further for better food and service in a more lively atmosphere.
4	We have been to Spitfire twice in two weeks now.  First time we biked over with the kids on a Sunday for an early dinner and were one of a few tables of people there... but that is where the concerns ended.  The beer selection is, by far the best I have seen anywhere in the valley.  The food was awesome... my husband and I split three of the bruschettas (red pepper hummus with artichokes and roasted yellow peppers, the goat cheese and apples/figs with molasses and the tomato jam with arugula and balsamic syrup) which were a healthy portion of food as well as delicious.  Now, I have nothing bad to say about LaBocca's or Postino's because I love theirs too... but this was just as good people!  I had the beet salad (no bacon on mine... veggie gal here) and it was so yummy that I tried to recreate it at home the next day for lunch.  My husband had the half-chicken and he thought it was good too.  My kids loved their field green salads, saying they were the best ever and the kids choices of main courses could have fed an adult (we took home leftovers, for sure!).  And, our waitress was prompt, friendly and seemed knowledgeable enough about the menu... So, we decided to bike back over last night for our anniversary.  We repeated our bruschetta choices, but my hubby added the duck as well, and he really liked that.  I had another salad with gorgonzola, pecans, apples and a fig dressing) that was delicious.  My hubby had the beef tender (grass fed)... he commented that the flavor was great... a little tougher than he is used to though (I told him that is the difference between grass-fed and corn-fed fatty and unhealthy cows - not that I will eat them anyway!)  Our server was great!  It was a Tuesday night, and while there other people there, it was not crowded.We met the owner... he was super nice.  I would encourage all you South Tempe folks to give Spitfire a try... for the food, the drinks, the atmosphere and to support the local folks rather than all the chains out there...  Keep our awesome local establishments in business, please!!!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it's so close to home.  And honestly, it's not bad, and it probably depends on what you order.  However, I wasn't really impressed overall with the food or the prices.The atmosphere however, is really nice and relaxing. I would go for a drink at the bar (beer only, wine is too expensive).The "bread" is crunchy flat bread and bread sticks with a smokey hummus that they bring out right away. I didn't like it, but maybe it's just my palate.The onion rings are good, very oversized and with tasty dips.The flat bread pizza was weak, not really anything to write home about at all. I didn't like it, honestly.The arugula salad was good. So it was hit or miss, but for one app, a salad and one small pizza we felt a bit cheated with a bill at nearly $60.  That's with two glasses of wine and one beer.  Next time I would drive further and go elsewhere, especially for that kind of money.
3	We are so happy to have Spitfire in the neighborhood~Two words....Arugula Salad! Just add chicken and it is an amazing dinner. I crave this salad, usually on Monday's when they are closed, unfortunately.The whole menu is great. My fiancee and I have sampled much of what they have to offer. Almost everything we have tried has been very good. We love the feeling of the place. It is dark and cozy.The wine selection is good and the beer selection is great! The service has been above average most times we have been there.I
2	I'm not sure what crack the 5-star raters are on, but I couldn't disagree more. Pluses (hence two stars): location (in the neighborhood), decor, beer selection, seating (because it's empty?).Minuses: where do I start?We really, really, REALLY wanted to like this place. As another reviewer said, the southern end of Tempe lacks really good and reasonably priced dining, and we didn't want to add another one to the likes of Marcellos (chicken killers) and such places. Plus, they advertise that they do local and organic, and that was what brought us in. Alas...My husband and I have been there twice, once for lunch with his parents and then again for dinner. The lunch was only okay. If you're into light salads and other fare they can't harm, it's all right. More than that, it was bland and meh. The waitress would disappear for long periods. Took forever.But the dinner... oh the dinner. Empty at dinnertime as an old tin can, same indifferent attiude from different waitress. Unimpressed with the Lavosh flatbread and sticks - so tacky; I can get that at the store if I want. Beer was good, and that was pretty much the highlight. On a lark we both ordered their chicken enchiladas - goodness, even most gringo places can't hurt that - but they did. Dry, chewy, unseasoned, overboiled chicken jammed into a thick, chewy tortilla and topped with what seemed to be a can of mild jalapenos that one gets at the store that were dumped into a food processor and poured on top, then drizzled with sour cream. The rice was nuclear red. I wasn't expecting a five-star enchilada but this was inedible.Both times, at different times of the day, it was dead as a tomb. That combined with others' observations here can't be good. It wasn't worth the money, that's for sure.Maybe when we read that they got their stuff together, we'll consider coming back. Until then, no thanks.
3	I am writing this update soley based on the feeling one gets when going to Spitfire Grill, the food and drinks are always good.Our complaint about Spitfire is that the owner and staff is never very welcoming. My fiancee and I have been there 15+ times and there is never any recognition by the staff. The owner is always there and he has never introduced himself or thanked us for coming in again.  The servers have never said 'welcome back or good to see you again'. For a neighborhood restaurant I would think you would want to make your regular customers feel appreciated. We love the food and the restaurant is right around the corner from our house, but we lean toward other, farther away restaurants with a more weloming feel.For example, last night we went to House of Tricks in Tempe. It was our 4th visit. When we walked in three of the employees greeted us and welcomed us back. The bartenders remembered what we drink and asked us about something we discussed last time we were there.Talk about feeling welcome! Spitfire has a lot to learn if they want to survive in a neighborhood lacation.
2	This place is trying way too hard. It's a teeny place in a strip mall-- they shouldn't be charging that much for a so-so wine selection and, honestly, food that's severely lacking in flavor. Puh-lease.It's pretty obvious Spitfire's focus is on its organic meat selection. Apparently their cows get weekly spa visits and are raised on a diet of strawberry yogurt and rainbows. For someone who doesn't really eat red meat, this meant nada to me. Their other options were extremely limited so I settled on the mushroom pizza. I couldn't finish it and didn't want to take the rest home. Now, I basically live off left-overs, they are down-right holy to me, so that's saying something.
1	closed
