5	I've been following Hard Goods on instagram for awhile (hardgoodsco), and the work is beautiful. It's funny visiting the store, you wouldn't realize right away that he creates these gorgeous furniture pieces in concrete! Definitely check out the website! In the store you'll find signature concrete cacti-perfect for those of you who say you can't grow anything. He also offers cacti with a screw back so you can create an art installation on your wall (I see smaller drawer pull versions in the future). He also has concrete panels with embedded imagery. In the glass cases, you can see some other cool stuff like wood frame glasses imported from cloudy Portland. You'll also find wooden bow ties and manly products like beard oil and man soap. (But I would definitely use the tobacco scented soap myself!)He also carries an assortment of leather phone cases and even a few steel iphone frames. The shop is gorgeous! I can't wait to see how his shop and work continue to evolve!
5	I was loitering outside of Hard Goods with my friends after indulging in sweet, sweet ice cream at Churn. The windows were plastered with signs that we started reading out loud: "What's he building in there?" He overheard us and invited us in. This was the night before the opening. How cool is that? He let us look around and finally answer that question: he was building cool things out of concrete in there. I fell in love with this shop instantly and the owner is just a nice person. I am so rarely impressed by people these days. It's like nobody gives a crap about their customers anymore. It was refreshing to meet a business owner so welcoming. This is how nice he is ...  Among the people in my group he let get a sneak preview before the opening was a friend from Japan. She was leaving the next morning, so obviously couldn't come back and buy anything. She fell in love with the smell of some bar soap in his display. We joked about shipping it to her in Japan when he just gave it to her. Talk about awesome.  This place rocks!!! People from two continents agree! Definitely a place to go for a unique gift. His "hard goods" are a conversation piece perfect for artsy fartsies and not so artsy fartsies who appreciate local craftsmanship. In fact, I am going back this weekend to finish up my Christmas shopping. There better still be some of those concrete cacti!
5	If you want to feel like a man, don't go rubbing on some old spice. Come shop at Hard Goods for about ten minutes, It'll put some testosterone back in your morning commute.With furniture and decor made from casted concrete, manly scented soaps, beard oils, locally crafted bow ties, metal Iphone cases, leather wallets, and stuff made from wood; it's a man's art gallery and everything's waiting for a home - your home. Looking to get a Valentine for your 'man's man' man? Is your boyfriend's birthday just around the corner? Need that perfect item to buck up your dude after his annual colonoscopy exam? Does your "other child" need to feel better about himself after a day at the golf course? Is it getting closer and closer to Father's day? Does your man get picked on by other, manlier, men?If you answered yes to any of these questions, come here, buy something, wrap it in newspaper, toilet paper, or no paper at all, hand it to em, and yer done. Lollies are for suckers - stop in here to find the perfect thing to help him look, feel, or smell like a man.Happy Yelping Phoenix. If it looks like a man, feels like a man, and smells like a man, it probably came from Hard Goods.... Maybe I should pick something up for myself.
5	I stopped by Hard Goods this past weekend after getting some ice cream at Churn. As I walked in I tried to figure out what it was. Is it a store? Is it a gallery?Whatever it was, it's beautiful! Amazing artwork and sculptural home decor line the walls, vintage and modern furniture in the back and accessories in a display case in the center.I was greeted by Lucas and expressed my interest and curiosity of what I was walking into. As he spoke, I took everything in and his words made sense. It's a store which carries unique and eclectic works by mostly local artists. He explained that the owner of the store is a master concrete craftsman and created the store as means of both an artistic outlet and as a way to support and promote other local artists and designers. I never knew that there were so many talented artists and craftsmen in Phoenix! While the store has a rather masculine vibe to it, there really is something for everyone (well, except the beard conditioner, that's definitely for men!). There are wooden sunglasses and bowties (yes, us women can wear them too!), leather iPhone sleeve and aluminum iPhone cases, soap, air plants, cast concrete succulents and even concrete feet. Then there's the creme de la creme; an original Herman Miller Eames chair. I've wanted one for so long. If only I had an extra $3000 laying around...I'm so excited to see a new store like Hard Goods in this neighborhood and I can't wait to go back and see what new things are in store for me!
5	Waiting for a table at the Windsor I wandered over to Hard Goods. Wow. What an interesting collection of stuff.  First, I loved the Eames chair in the window. Wish I had saved my parents chair from my youth. But the unique concrete creations are the true star of this boutique. Great products. Great staff. Lucas is awesome. Phoenix's secret gem
5	Cool stuff for every home. Creative pieces that will garner interest from your house guests, visitors, door-to-door salesmen, and the UPS guy. Serious style injection for your home. I bought some great local art and love it. Thanks Lucas
4	The first time I visit this store will be my last...but not for the reasons that you may think. Located next to a very popular candy & ice cream store, until last night I never knew this store existed.  Which is a sad thing once entering it.  This is a unique store that sells individualized furniture mad from such materials as cement and wood. I sat in one of these chairs and it is amazing comfortable! This store prominently features local artists with painting, jewelry, wood working, and so much more.  The owner greeted us as we entered and was extremely personable and provide details and history of any items in the store.  My husband bought a wooden cell phone case that both looks ruggedly manly but feels amazing.  Made by a local high school student. :)This store also has some fun novelty items. Ladies if you miss that rugged manly smell from you guy, stop by and pick him up some manly soaps and beard supplies.  With fragrances like whiskey, tobacco, and pine how can you go wrong.  What about a bison leather flask, I totally want one of those for myself. In talking to the owner he advised that this fun store would be closing in a couple of weeks and while he plans to relocate in the future for the time being online sales will be the only way to acquire these amazing items.  So sadly my first visit to this place will have to be my last.
