1	Overpriced and boring.  There is nothing overly creative or unique about any of their menu offerings.  Very limited menu, especially for healthier or vegetarian options.  Don't be fooled by their claim to "the best pancakes in town".  They were doughy and not all that spectacular.  I would be surprised if this place was able to make it another 6 months, but according to their website, 5 new Country Kitchen franchises are due to open in the Phoenix area.  Good luck with that one!  Places like Denny's, Village Inn, and IHOP do a better job for less money and have brand recognition to boot.
2	Despite Christine S and her stellar review, I'd have to say "Surprise you can do better" I've eaten country kitchen 3 times at time of this review, the food is nothing denny's IHOP or village inn don't offer, I'm a bit of a sucker for fish fry's so the one time we actually dined in, I had the fish fry and it's not bad, but nothing special. we've gotten their breakfast to go on a lazy weekend morning, the pancakes are decent, however my breakfast seemed to be kind of sparse on meat, the other night we got back from happy hour and appetizers with some coworkers of mine and we were still hungry, not feeling like fast food we call up country kitchen and order an order of their sliders and 2 milkshakes. they don't give us an eta or a total on the phone.so I wait about 10-15 minutes, leave my house which is about 2 mi away, arrive at the restaurant to find it completely barren at about 7:30PM, I approach the counter and the manager just continues to mess with his blackberry never looking up eventually, a hostess comes from the back and greets me, mind you it's already been 15 minutes and all they need to do was grill some small beef pattys and drop some fries, I still end up waiting another 10 minutes for my food, only to have everyone disappear into the back of the restaurant again to have another server come out confused and try to seat me. eventually I get the food, the sliders aren't bad, but there's only 3, WTF it's an unwritten rule that sliders come in even numbers, I don't know if it's just me, or working in a White Castle as a teen, but 3 sliders could potentially cause a rift in some relationships, the decor is an orgy of applebees, IHOP and denny's but imagine if you arrived  at the "campy wall crap" store only to find they'd already been cleaned out by an applebees corporate decorator, the decorations range from giant utensils, wireframe art, sports posters and scenic views.  I'm really not sure which direction they were trying to go.unfortunately Country Kitchen is the closest full service restaurant to my home so I will probably end up back here some lazy saturday morning picking up eggs and pancakes.I was excited to see Surprise Pointe being built and to see more services coming closer to me, so far I've only seen more of the same.
2	I remember Country Kitchen when I was a young boy living in Minnesota.  The restaurants were a lot fewer back then so going out to eat was a big deal.  My memories of it when being a child were all of people that I was with, and not the food, and now I think I know why...  If the food was as bland back then as it is now, it is completely forget-able.  I have dined at this Country Kitchen on several occaisions after movies at the UltraStar Theater (they should drop the Ultra...)  and I have brought my family here several times for breakfast or quick lunches etc.  It will do in a pinch, but I have yet to be really wowed and I am pretty sure I will not be.Country Kitchen is a lateral move from Dennys and IHOP, with a slightly better focus on service however given the area I know that service will be the first thing to go.  The area of the restaurant and indeed the area where I live is plagued by the economy.  We are a neighborhood of the haves and the have-nots.  When the have-nots barely speak english and disrepect the community it shows and it takes it's toll on the service people.  But I digress...back to the Country Kitchen.It is a bit pricey for what you get but there are lots of coupons out there including some from their own web site.  So if you must eat here, bring a coupon or the bill will somewhat infuriate you due to the wholly unexceptional food.  Without a coupon expect to pay 15-20% more than a Dennys or Village Inn for about the same food.On the bright side, I have had lunch here several times and really enjoyed the Reuben, so there is at least one sandwich that has some flavor and was not a dissapointment.  So there we have it, if you are dragged here to eat, get a Reuben.  : )Enjoy!
3	I think this is a great neighborhood place to grab a meal. We have come here 4 or 5 times for breakfast.  The service is always professional & friendly.Other people have compared this place to Denny's and in my opinion it's a much nicer dining experience. First of all it's open and not all cramped and it's CLEAN!The food is good, a nice variety on the menu. This establishment is a great addition to the neighborhood.
2	This place is great for breakfast and however many cups of coffee the help remember to fill. I think two is the limit.I overheard an argument between a customer and the manager about a brown steak. I think he watches too much CSI and should stop interrogating the customers. Have an alibi ready in case you run into any problems with your order.
4	As the mom of  2 kids (a 3 year old and a 8 month old) it seems to be very difficult to find a nice place to eat that is very comfortable and casual- and somewhere that people don't give you evil looks and comments  for bringing kids (Carraba's). We have been here a few times for lunch and the food has always been good. Not great, but pretty good and inexpensive. I will say though that their french fries are some of the best I've had! I would much rather come here than IHOP
2	Have been to Nick's many times for breakfast, but not because they have awesome food.  Nick's offered a "buy one get one free" coupon on the back of Fry's grocery store receipts so me and my girlfriend took advantage of that quite a few times until they stopped the promotion.The unfortunate thing about Nick's is the pictures of the food in the menu are great, what you get served looks nothing like it.  The food is average at best, me and my girlfriend joked that we wouldn't come back if it weren't for the BOGO deal they were offering.  They stopped offering it about 6 months ago and we haven't been back. The restaurant looks nice, it's clean.  The hostess and wait staff are all very friendly.  The food quality and chef expertise is lacking horribly.
1	This manager is a chauvinist pig, he has fired me because he has gotten a complaint on himself, he has made sexual comments to almost everyone that works there and is a very rude person. I would not take any one that I care about to this restaurant!!!
4	Been here a couple of times and enjoyed it very much. I love their 550 calorie menu, chili is very good and they do have a wide selection on their menu? We will start coming by more often!
4	This was a great place to stop and eat breakfast.  I enjoyed the fact that we were seated quickly and that they had the games on the TV.  It felt like I was at home eating breakfast.  Real cozy, which is something I don't feel at Denny's or Norm's.The menu had many options and they all looked good.  I was in the mood for something with cheese and eggs, but not an omelet, so I ordered the Skillet Scramble with a side of toast... it was freaken good!  Taste was great and the portion size was plenty (I did not finish it).I was out there in AZ hanging with friends for the weekend and glad we made a stop there for breakfast.
4	Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister)  :)The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent. My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud. The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :)The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean. In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating. Good people make the difference!
3	Most of the food is good, sometimes the fish portion sizes vary, once my husband ordered it and it was huge the next time is was like 3 times smaller. Service varies it just depends on who you get. Also the assistant night manager is rude. We took our 4 kids out to dinner since it was my daughters 10th birthday and was refused service since it was close to closing time. It was 7:56 pm and the sign on the window said they closed @9. Was told they channged the hours to close at 8 so we could not be served even though we were already in the restaurant ready to be seated.
4	Quite good for simple food. There's something to be said for not getting too fancy and that makes me a fan.
3	We get takeout from CK every month or so, and it's pretty solid 'American' food.  The menu has a bit of variety, but you're not likely to find anything too wild or exciting on it.  At the same time, if you are looking for 'wild and exciting' at a place called Country Kitchen, you're probably going to be disappointed no matter what.I almost gave them 4 stars based on their seasonal breadbowl soups...try the pot roast soup, that was our favorite.
