4	I was so happy to find Rachel's Kitchen at the airport! In a sea of fried food and pre-packaged questionable looking sandwiches, a healthy option was exactly what I wanted after a week in Las Vegas. Rachel's had a great variety of smoothies, sandwiches, salads, and healthy snacks available. I grabbed a spinach salad for my plane ride-- it was topped with fresh mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, and bacon with an herb vinaigrette and was fresh and actually really tasty. I wouldn't have even known that it was airport food! Will definitely be looking for Rachel's on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Easy to enjoy such clean fresh food. This restaurant would be a great addition to any city.  It is wonderful to have restaurant owners who are responding to our community wanting more organic and healthier choices.
3	Average food, average menu, average everything. Not really a "kitchen" -- more like a smoothie and juice bar with a large grab-and-go case, and some sandwiches. For an airport venue, it has a good presence and benefits from well thought-out branding, although it borders on mom-and-pop just because of the disconnect between the branding and the actual experience. 3.5 stars.
4	A nicer alternative to starbucks overpriced and overrated coffee. Try the organic coffee.
3	It was good to have a healthier place to eat. We got a turkey sandwich, fresh fruit and an acai bowl. Coming from Hawaii, I'm use the Acai bowls being like a frozen smootie with fresh fruit and granola on top. This was like a weird pudding with granola. It was not good. Of course it was in the airport so everything was overpriced.
4	My wife noticed this place on the way to our gate, and I went back I bought her the Immune booster. This is perfect for when you are ailing from a trip to Vegas. I'm not a fan of the green juice myself, but she gave it the thumbs up.I could not help but notice that this place was nearly deserted while the Burger King next door had about 20 customers queued up.
4	At 10 in the morning you really don't want to eat fast food. So I spotted this place and all the juices and smoothies are ALL NATURAL. Made with real fruit straight into the juicer. They also have fruit bowls, salads, and chicken sandwiches. I had the spinach salad with this lemon vinergarette ....must try !!
4	Good healthy stuff, great smoothies, salads, sandwiches, and breakfast selections. I'm a vegetarian so this place is a nice welcome change around a lot of fast food and chain options around Vegas. They are good about modifying things on the menu too. THAT I like.  It wasn't over the top amaaaazing and different enough to give it 5 star, but it is good every time you go. You won't be disappointed. I recommend.
4	We were scouting for lunch place in downtown and one of the crew from Rachel's Kitchen was passing out fliers to people walking by and since we were indecisive where to dine we just gave it a try. That pamphlet seems to work pretty well coz as soon as we waited for our order, their queue line was already about 15. I asked the server if what is good on their menu and obviously he pointed out the most expensive one which I realized upon done eating and checking our receipts. It's not that I complain about it but the thought of remind me how a server would really try to upsell a product to get more money on their pocket. Overall, it was a decent place and healthy choice.
