5	I don't know what happened with the bad reviews on other site, I have been going there for almost 5 years now. They all very nice. I don't speak Japanese, that's true their English are not great. But they try their best to explain to me if there are things i don't understand. Some reviewers on other site feel they rude, maybe just because their English are not perfect.The best part of them is honesty, i don't know how many times i went to other auto places, other place will tell you lots of part that you need to change EVEN actually you don't have to. They will tell you anything they can to make the extra money. Japanese Car Service is not like that at all. So many times, i went there because i thought i have some problems with the car, they checked for me, and many times they tell me, there is no major problem, and they'll explain to me why.Also, many times i went there to have my oil change because it's been 5-6 months since i last change, but again, they told me, i should wait another 1-2 months because when they checked, my oil still clean, and the reason because i don't drive much. So my oil stay clean longer than usual.Those honesty can save you a lot of money compared to going to other places, where they will try to rip your wallet and let it bleed all over the place. Japanese Car Service are the best!
5	I took my truck there because of noise. They changed the oil in my axle and was told not to worry about it. But all they charge me was $65 for the differential oil change, not $100 like the dealership charge you just for look at you vehicle.
5	They are always so helpful and very honest about everything.  If you have a Japanese car, this is the best place to take it in.  My husband is about to take his Toyota here next week.  I want to give them more stars!
5	Don't live in Vegas. Drove up here and my Xterra started overheating. This place happened to be a few blocks from where I was staying and received a few good reviews on Yelp so I decided to try it out since I didn't have any other options. I absolutely hate dealing with car repair shops because I always feel like I'm being ripped off.All that being said, this place was fantastic. I was really worried I'd overheated enough to crack the engine which I thought was causing me to lose coolant because I couldn't find the leak on my own, and I told them that. Turns out, it was just a hose and a leaky seal. I brought my car in at 11:30am, and they were finished with it by 6pm for less than $200. Would go back, and would recommend to anyone.
5	Am from out of town. My tire almost fell off on the strip. I looked on Yelp for a honest shop, cause everyone out of town gets ripped off. These guys did a great job for me. Fixed the problem for a good price.
5	I came to this shop 7 years ago, when it was located in the heart of China Town. They've moved up a few blocks to Spring Mountain just east of Lindell. I've had lots of work done on my two old Honda's, and always at a fair price. They actually also replaced something for me once that they had fixed 2 years prior. They had given me a 1 year warranty on the work, and 2 years had passed-and they still replaced it free of charge. I also remember a time when I brought my car in because it was at 250k miles and all kinds of things were wrong. They told me it wasnt worth fixing & they even topped off all fluids free of charge, so I could drive home. I stopped coming here when I got a new car two years ago and didnt need work done anymore. I started going anywhere for oil changes/smog checks...I came here on June 27th, 2011 for a second opinion on an estimate I was given at Purrfect Auto. Purrfect Auto told me my front brakes had 8% left on them and needed replacement. They also told me my serpentine belt needed replacing. Japanese Car Service assured me nothing was wrong with my car...in fact my front & back brakes both have 60% remaining, and all belts are fine. Wow, talk about honesty. I will never go elsewhere! I reccomend Japanese car Service 100%.
5	I was overdue on my oil change, and being the start of triple digit weather here in Las Vegas, I want some honest auto mechanic's opinion on what work if any my car needed.  Plus the oil change that I made an appointment a day in advance. The customers here (from my observation while I was waiting for the oil change to be performed) are a good mix.  You have the Japanese gentlemen that spoke fluent Japanese, elderly Caucasian lady that was offering referrals from her neighbors and friends, office worker that dropped off their car to be worked on while she was on her lunch break.  So pretty much a diverse customer base that trusts the work and integrity of this auto mechanic shop.The Japanese lady on the phone is also the person running the office.  She is the wife of one of the mechanic. For the most part she is very professional and nice, but being a busy auto shop with steady flow of customers (walk-in and appointments), she can be somewhat abrupt with potential customers (some guy seeking a second opinion and bringing their own replacement parts-spark plugs, but still needing the labor performed).As far as the maintenance on my car, the requested oil change was performed and the tire pressures checked/filled to proper level, and engine inspections was completed.  I was told no work was needed, and am glad that was the answer.  I know I could have taken my car somewhere else and pay 1/3 less for the oil change, but it was worth the waiting time (a little over an hour) and expense for their honest evaluation.Overall, very satisfied with the service performed on my car.  But if you have random candies that you like to keep for yourself after the maintenance, I suggest you don't leave it in the car.  To which ever mechanic that worked on my car, I hoped you enjoyed the old bag of Starburst that have been in my car for the past 5-6 months.  :DAnd thanks Leos for your review, I now know another honest mechanic in Vegas if I ever needed a second opinion.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and was looking for the seemingly impossible...a great mechanic who's also reliable and honest. Well, I'm happy to report that with the help of my fellow Yelpers, I found him. His name is Keita and he is the owner of Japanese Car Service.I have been to Japanese Car Service twice now, for two different issues so I feel I am qualified to give an educated opinion...although that has never stopped me in the past.I think Keita's wife runs the front office. When you speak to her on the phone she will insist on you having an appointment before you just drop by. Don't let this bother you because when you do bring your car in, Keita will give you his undivided attention. Keita is not only very honest and quite fair with his pricing, but he's also a very honorable business owner. If you need service on your Japanese car, this is the place!
1	This shop is such a disappointment. Found on yelp &due to the highly raved reviews, called the shop owner to inquire about electrical work and cost/hour. Brought it in, and w/o much an inquiry as for why I was there he scurried off w/ the keys to bring it into the garage. Asked the reason but didn't let much time for explanation or history. Did not bother with writing up a work order; just had the tech test my battery &came back saying nothing's wrong -.- Theres a problem to begin with that brought me there!! Anyways asked them to perform an electrical draw, waited 3 1/2 hours later.. the onwer, Mr Tanaka(?) very hard to understood and was difficult to communicate with said they do not deal with electrical problems and that I needed to leave and take it to a dealership -_____- He was extremely rude and raised his voice many times during the conversation.  I came in asking for work on an electrical problem. He neglected to listen and ran tests on the battery instead. The tech took my car panel apart and did not put it back together properly. Lack of training or just carelessness; he disconnected the AC wires. AC was on, set to 66 degrees and on high. Control panel completely disconnected from the board and did not respond. Gear shift was loosely thrown together. It was sticky and was difficult to put into Park!! So much problems with this shop. Made the mistake that just because it was called JAPANESE CAR SERVICE that does not mean they are familiar with japanese cars, its just that they are OWNED by japanese people. Silly me, did not even think of that. Main problem was that having known they are not familiar with electrical problems they should not have taken the car apart in trying to find an electrical draw. Yelp reviews are misleading, this is the first time yelp let me down ):
5	About 3 weeks ago, I was returning to LA and about 60 miles out of town, I threw a  rod in my 4 Runner Toyota, needless to say I needed a new motor. Originally had my car towed to Findlays Toyota in Henderson and between the new car salesman (think vultures/flies) and the rip off price from their service department of 7 thousand to put in a new motor, I decided to take a chance on this company (Japanese Car Service) after reviewing the Yelps. Was NOT disappointed at all. They easily could have taken advantage of an out-of-town-we-will-never-see-you-again customer but instead they really went the extra mile not only in price but in integrity, honesty and especially service. My out the door price was $3,250. and was within $50. of my long time regular mechanics quote here in LA. Akita was the consummate professional. He talked my language in terms of auto and motor care, spent 30 minutes showing me the old parts, old motor, what he did, even raising the car up again to point out his work. He is old school and was trained very well. If I lived in Las Vegas this would be the only place I would think about taking my car to have serviced. My car runs like new and am grateful to have found Japanese Car Service.
5	I left Los Angeles knowing my starter was going out.   The night before I left for Las Vegas I had to crank it a few times before it started.   I found the reviews on Japanese Car Service excellent so I brought my car to them and luckily my car started to get to them.    I left my car there and had my friend pick me up.   They gave me a choice of brands of starters.   The original which came with the car and Bosch.  My experience with Bosch has never been good so I went with the OEM.   I got the car back and it starts up fine and the price was good.   They even top off the fluids on my car.   I would definitely bring my car back to them.
5	Honda dealer had recommended several repairs.  Declining, I brought my CRVto Japanese Car Service instead.  Their very competent mechanic said I onlyneeded one of the repairs and it would cost approximately 1/4 of what thedealer would have charged.  Their honesty is unparalleled and theircompetency superb.  I highly recommend them.
5	First off, I must say that this is my first review - I usually lurk here on Yelp but this place struck me in such a way that I was compelled to leave my thoughts to help out other Yelpers who might be in the situation I was just in.Like many of you reading this now, I came to Yelp to find a car shop. We all know that it is such a hassle to find reliable, honest mechanics. After browsing through the many places touted on here, I brought my car over to Japanese Car Service to get a faulty alternator changed out as well as anything else related to the Check Engine Light. I can tell you right now, I chose the right spot.After being informed on what was wrong with my car, I authorized the work order to replace the alternator and a faulty knock sensor. When I came in the next day, Keita Tanaka (the owner of Japanese Car Service) discovered that there was an O2 Sensor code that was coming up, and he wanted to give the car a further look. That was alright by me, since I wanted to make sure there weren't any outstanding problems with my car, so I kept it there another night.When my work day was over I swung by the shop and Keita stated that he felt bad for not catching the O2 sensor at first, so he ended up repairing the O2 Sensor for free and didn't charge for the part nor labor! I can't think of any other shop that would do this - most other shops would quickly take advantage of the situation.During his test drive of my car after replacing the O2, the crankshaft pulley became loose, effectively snapping the belt and messing up the pulley itself (I have had issues in the past with it before) - Keita ended up taking my car back to his shop, repaired it and only charged me for the relevant parts and allowed me to skip on the labor! The labor alone on that job would have been a couple hundred dollars.For each part replaced, Keita physically brought the original pieces for my examination as well as invoices for the new parts, which gave me peace of mind that the work was actually done on my car. On top of that, I'm due to register my car relatively soon - and Keita knew of this - so before I took off, he told me to stop by the shop after I put 120 more miles on the odometer just so he can be sure that everything is good to go before I go for the smog check. How awesome is that?Now, if I brought my car to the dealership, I would have easily paid at least twice as much as I did at Japanese Car Service. I can say that I left the shop feeling very satisfied and well looked after - I can now rest easy, knowing where I can go to take care of my auto needs without questioning reliability, pricing and honesty.
5	I use Yelp religiously, but I never post. However, after the great service I got here, I felt the need to break from tradition and give them a raving review. I brought my car in for brake service. After they fixed my brakes (which was worse than originally quoted), they not only gave me a discount, but the owner Keita drove me around in my car to teach me how to brake correctly (since apparently I'm a little to rough on the pedal lol). He said (in his wonderful Japanese accent), "I'm going to show you how to brake so you don't have to come in here for the same service in the future." How awesome is that?! Now, the Japanese accents are a little tough to understand, but Keita is aware and does the best he can. And the service makes up for it, so bring your car in! I will.
5	We drove into Las Vegas from Los Angeles on a Friday for an annual basketball tournament. We were in our old, 2001 Honda Odyssey that has over 210K miles on it. The trip did not have a good start. 5 miles outside of Baker, we got a flat tire. Put the spare on but the spare was low on air. Got a tow truck out to inflate the spare, drove into Baker, got the tire replaced.Finally rolled into Vegas three hours later than planned. I stayed at the hotel while my wife drove the girls to the outlet mall. On the way, my wife gave me a call saying that the air conditioning had gone out: no fan for the most part, or if the fan came on, only hot air. Not good for Las Vegas in the middle of August when the high temp was over 100, especially with the rest of the weekend to look forward to and a long drive back to LA on Monday.I got onto Yelp to look for a mechanic and Japanese Car Service popped out for the number of 5 star reviews. I called them at 4PM to find out when they closed. 6PM was the answer, and they weren't open over the weekend. They also wouldn't be able to see it on Monday because they were packed with appointments. The person on the other end, though, asked how soon I could bring it in. I told him I could be there in 30 minutes (we were staying at the South Point hotel), and he said that if I brought it in, they could take a look & see what might be wrong, but couldn't promise that they would have the time to fix it. Long story short, I got into the car with my wife, rolled down the I-15 with the hot summer air blowing in through the windows, and made it there by 4:30. They were able to make a quick diagnosis (bad blower resistor), found and retrieved a new part, and replaced it in an hour. A much lower repair bill than expected. Afterwards, they also showed me the part that they replaced. And to top it off, as we were driving back to our hotel, I noticed that they had cleaned the inside of our grimy windshield. Thanks, Yelp, for the great recommendation, and thanks, Japanese Car Service, for saving our trip.
4	I was referred to this place by my boss because he's been coming here for quite some time. Mr. & Mrs. Tanaka own the joint and what makes them different is that their whole staff is honest. They take you to your car and explain everything until you have all the info you need to make a decision. Estimates are usually free, they use dealer parts and the labor is $76/hr. I went to Just Brakes for a similar estimate but I feel more comfortable with their knowledge since they specialize in Japanese made cars.
5	[ Is the service Japanese? Or do they only service Japanese cars? I kid. ]My 60K maintenance was up. For the entire service, they wanted to charge $515. That's for fluid changes, tire rotation, brake work, air filter changes, belt inspection, hose inspection, etc. I asked them not to do a few tasks because I had just taken care of some stuff myself, so they knocked off $100. There are signs on the office wall that state labor is $75/ hour with a half-hour minimum charge.  There is a separate space designated for a waiting room. It's a pretty large space, kept clean and spartan with one bathroom stall, a few couches and chairs, a large flat screen tv that wasn't on, magazines, and a water cooler. The tech that helped me estimated I would wait about three hours for the service and he was right on. The mechanics and receptionist/ cashier there advocated only using genuine parts (air filters, brake pads, etc) from the maker. The cashier showed me my old brake pads and dropped a little knowledge. They seem to be a no-bullshit type business. I'd hit it again.
5	These guys do a great job! Explained everything and actually showed me what was wrong with my car! I will definitely come back here when I have car troubles!
5	I came here as a recommendation from a friend, because I was getting tired of the ridiculous prices the big companies like Firestone and Midas were trying to charge me for work done that usually required more work in the near future!They have AMAZING service, it's owned by a Japanese couple, who are very friendly and accommodating. I've take my car here twice, the first was to take a look at the control arm bushings, ball barings, structs, and suspension. They told me all I need to do is replace the control arm bushings, which costed at a fraction of what Firestone quoted me!! Second time, was a bit of an emergency, my window regulator snapped and the window dropped. This posed as a safety to my car so I brought it in the moment it happened, they took a look at it, told me what it was and gave me a quote. They told me they could do it that day and finish before the shop closed! Which was a saver because it was Friday and they close on the weekends!!They also use genuine parts from whatever manufacture your car is from! Best thing to do is go in for an estimate and set up an appointment for later in the week if it's not urgent. The gentlemen that works in the office along with the owner's wife was very helpful both times and remembered who I was, he also speaks multiple languages!
5	Came to this shop a few years ago when i had my first car (92 honda accord) when they were at their other location near valley view and spring mountain, behind tofu hut.  Was suggested by my mom's coworker at the time. Since then, every single time, have had great service. Independently owned by a japanese couple. Since then, they have moved, and expanded, which im really happy for. Their service is great, super nice, great prices, genuine parts (when possible) or suggest better. They know their stuff, and are very helpful. Inspection/quotes are free (if they have time, otherwise, make an appointment). They will show you whats wrong, whats old, whats new, tell you what they recommend, and if possible, how long it will last, etc. Many cases, for the engine light turning on, they will use their code reader, and find out what it is, if nothing comes up, usually they will turn the light off, no charge. But then again, even if something does come up, they haven't charged me (yet). XD Since the very first time ive been to them, ive been suggesting this shop to many and everyone else with a japanese made car. They are second to none. They are the best for japanese cars in this city.
5	If you're looking for a second opinion on a repair quote, look no further than Japanese Car Service.  Not only will their rate most likely be better, they will also be your go to spot from then on.  Up until a couple of months ago, my main car was a 1998 Toyota Avalon.  It still ran great up until I traded it in for my new car but it did experience some problems and I came here to have them taken care of.  A couple of years ago, a drunk driver blasted through the wall of my condo complex wrecking 5 cars with mine getting the least of the damage with a broken windshield, a few dents and a lot of scratches.  I thought everything was ok aside from the windshield....until a few weeks later when the grill fell right the fuck off while I was driving on I-15!  Nothing screams "sex machine" like a car missing its grill.  But then again, nothing screams "anti-sex machine" like a 1998 white Toyota Avalon.  So I went to the Toyota dealer repair department.  They wanted to charge me over $450 to order another grill and then another $100 to install.  Ummmm...how about no you crazy bastard???  I end up ordering a grill online for $70 and Japanese Car Service put it on for $74 (their hourly rate).  That's more like it!!  I could've put it on myself but several things like the locks needed to securely put on the grill were broken due to the accident.  They Frankensteined that shit solid!    Last year the car was doing this weird kind of glide when I was getting on and coming off the highway.  Terrible's wanted $650, JCS fixed it in 30 minutes and charged me $38 for it.  Boom!!!!!The staff is really friendly, helpful and informative.  They've also recently added a really large and comfortable waiting area.  Hopefully I won't be visiting them soon but they will be the first people I go to if (when) I run into car problems.
5	They were able to diagnose the problem, which turned out to be the front brakes, fix it at an affordable price (less than $200), and get my car back to me in a few hours. I couldn't be happier!
5	Excellent Excellent ExcellentService is UNBEATABLE. They show you the part that was replaced. No hassle deal. The repair was done in time. It was easy. Reliable. Affordable. I actually had phone several other services to compare pricing, but from the phone conversations, others were straight cold answers, the other was hesistant to give 'ball park pricing' after giving them specifics on what needs to be repaired, we decided to give Japanese Car Service a chance. No regrets. FYI - they do not take European cars. Their expertise is Toyotas, Lexus, Acuras type of vehicles.
5	A great and honest repair shop??? No shit??  Yep!  I love these guys.  I took my car there Wednesday and told them they can keep it until Friday night at the latest.  I had a check engine light on and the SUV had been stalling.  I also needed my 60,000 mile service.  The place is a mom-and-pop shop.  They are busy.  They use dealer parts.  All good signs, to be honest.  I was super shocked, though, to have the repairman explain to me what they had done (even showing me the old filters and the various empty fluid containers they used).  That kind of customer service gave me comfort to know that he wasn't screwing with me and ripping me off.
5	I've been coming here since 2002 and will not go anywhere else for service and will not buy anything other than Japanese cars because I know he will take care of my cars. I now live in southern California and still bring my cars over here to be checked and serviced.
5	Very honest. I was charged for a 1/2 hour of labor, $43 and was told that my truck looked great and to bring it back for its next 30,000 mile maintenance. Its sad to say this is the first time in my life a mechanic didn't try to take advantage of me and my lack of car knowledge. Thank you Japenese Car Service. Your honesty earned my business. My family and I are Toyota owners and they've already expressed interest in bringing their vehicles here.
4	Took our 97 Corolla in for AC service, they were able to quickly locate the leak, get pricing for the needed part and put together a quote for the repair. Set up an appointment to complete the repair once the part arrived! Such great service, we'll be coming here for all of our auto needs!
5	My entire family has relied on this shop for at least 10 years. Fantastic service, friendly owners, and extreme honesty. They will fully explain the available options and let you choose. If there is ever a problem on their end, they will let you know and take care of it, without charging you extra. They work on asian cars only and they are Japanese (not one of the two as a previous reviewer stated). They do have a heavy accent but are willing to repeat anything you don't understand.  ..At least 10 years, my entire family, and no attitude problems...I can't help but wonder about the people saying otherwise.
3	I went in for a diagnostic and was told that my catalytic converter was failing. I already knew that. I paid for the diagnostic and was sort of hoping that it was something else wrong and not my catalytic converter. They gave me a quote to replace it and I was shocked. They use oem parts so the part was over $800. I went somewhere else that has 5 star reviews and is AAA approved and the price for the part and labor is less than $800. While I was there I was impressed that the had such a large waiting area with a comfy couch and free water. However there was a huge cockroach running around under the couches and was giving me the willies and made my skin crawl. While I was waiting in the office I saw that they take all of the old parts and show them to you and explain their work thoroughly. If my car was newer and I wanted oem parts then I would deffinately come here in the future.
5	The owners are husband and wife. They are very honest, very fair and just good people. My dad and I have been taking our cars to them for over 15 years and we have never regretted it. If they don't provide a service,(e.g. alignments, transmission service) then the husband will direct you to a place he uses and trust. I was referred to a transmission facility by them and it worked out perfect. I can't say enough good things about them. I know that I will not go anywhere else. They suggest calling and making an appointment because they are very busy most of the time.People who are complainers and who are never satisfied should go to a dealership instead. Leave these nice couple alone.
5	Was referred by a close friend as was thrilled by their attention to every detail and their thoroughness on explaining what had to be done to what needs to be done. I have A Toyota Sequoia and they took great care of her. I"m recommending anyone that has a Toyota To utilize Japanese Car Service - They live up to the customers expectations!
5	Great place! Got my 4runner problem solved in under 1 hr....
5	One of the most legit car repair shops in Las Vegas. Everyone was so patient and nice you feel like you are home the second you step into the office. I was very satisfied with the clutch work they did with my baby Evo. People there will take all the time you need to understand what the heck is going on with your baby car and then, if you decided you want your baby serviced there, they will take all the time in the world again to show you what they have done on your car. They will literally show you the part that they take out and give you a lecture on how the part works. I loved the information but someone like my mom may not understand anything they tell her. My point is they try to make sure you know what you are getting because honest communication is the key to establish trust and trust is pretty darn important if your car is your baby. The place has a gigantic lounge where you can wait watching some TV. Everything is pretty clean as you can expect from a Japanese owned business. I've been to so many car shops and only Busy Buggy (check them out too) has comparable environment like theirs. Here is the thing though with Japanese car services. They use only OEM parts. Meaning if you drive a Toyota and need a part changed in the car, only Toyota parts can be used. This means that no aftermarket parts are allowed. The good thing about it is that you will always get the most authentic and theoretically fitting part for your baby. The downside, OMG its expensive. So if you are not very big on OEM parts or simply a brokea** college kid like me or just don't think your car is sexy enough to have OEM parts then this might not be the best place for you.
4	Came by here after reading all the reviews on Yelp to see if they could diagnose my check engine light that's been on for a while. When I arrived they informed me that they would have to charge me if I didn't already do my own scan and know the error codes so I drove down the street to Auto Zone really quick to get it re-tested since I hadn't written them down.I got back to the shop about 15 min later with the 2 error codes and went inside the office to speak with one of the mechanics. They looked at my codes and told me that they were fairly generic and they would have to do their own diagnosis to determine the exact problem and that it would be a $43 charge. I asked him what he thought the problem could be how much I would be looking at to fix it and he stated his opinion and gave me an estimated price for the work that would need to be done if that was indeed the problem. Since I was looking at just under a grand in potential repairs, we then had a discussion about what would happen if I ignored the issue and continued to drive. Good to know that the only major issues would be failed smog checks and poor gas mileage and not engine damage. The seemed very honest in his discussion and felt like a normal conversation and not the sales pitch that other shops seem to give. He told me just to continue driving to see if the Check Engine Light goes away and if it didn't then to come back when I was ready to pay the $43 to have my car inspected/diagnosed further.In the end, they spent a lot more time talking to me about my car and concerns compared to other places that seem to blow you off if you're not getting work done. Their pricing is also very reasonable from the estimate I was given, especially since the Mazda dealership wanted over $200 just to diagnose my Check Engine Light. If I continue to have car troubles I'll be sure to come back to get repairs done here and update my review.
5	Car repair shops generally get a bad wrap, this place would change anyones mind.It's the kind of place that actually answers the phone,they set appointments and are ready to help you at the scheduled time, and they don't try to add on any extra services that are not needed.  They explain what they are doing, what is needed, and why it is needed.  They are upfront about all fees, charges, and parts costs so there are no surprises.  Everyone was very polite and patient.  I would recommend them to anyone who wants a reliable car repair shop!
1	They tryed to say my water pump was out when it was a fan relay that cost8$ So getting a second opinion i saved hundredsThe guy lied and said they wont repair something i dont need I kinda believed him but i looked at my service records they did the timing belt andWater pump at 85000 miles Really disapointed then they said dont drive it Once the relay was fixed the problem was goneParts quoted i neededWater pumpThermostatlabor costsOver 500$ Get a second opinion esp if your visiting from california
5	My little Honda Civic's body is changing. It wants to meet other Civics and maybe some Corollas. Its voice is starting to sound different. My car has hit puberty!So who else to bring it to for checkups than the doctors at Japanese Car Service? Like any growing boy, we've had to visit these folks more than a few times since this summer, and I've always had fantastic service. If the maintenance doesn't take too long, I usually post up in their spacious waiting area (I know my car feels awkward at this age if I'm around while he's naked anyway), where CNN keeps me an informed citizen while ample issues of Us Weekly brings me up to speed on the more important news. I don't know the first thing about cars, but every time I leave a little more educated than when I first went in - the guys will usually show me the parts they removed/replaced and answer any and all questions I have, which is usually a lot - I mean, I want to know what the heck I'm paying for. Speaking of price, I usually do get a case of sticker shock whenever I get rung up for a service beyond an oil change, but I know I'm not going to have to come back to troubleshoot the same problem again, so ultimately, the price tag is more like an investment. Plus, before I start a service, they'll give me a worst case scenario of how much I'd be paying for max, but the minimum cost if junior checks out just fine. How do you expect to have your vehicle running like Dolce & Gabbana if you're only willing to pay for H&M?
5	Fantastic auto repair -extremely honest and sensitive to your auto repair problems.The owner Mr. Tanaka is the nicest and the most  helpful  person I have ever experienced in the auto repair business, and I'm 68 years old so that's reallysaying something.Don't hesitate to bring your car there, you won't be sorry!!!!!
5	The most honest and legitimate car repair shops I've ever experienced. From the first phone call to pick up---professional! My 2007 Toyota Camry was first diagnosed by the dealer who estimated costs over $2,700! I brought it here and my car was purring like a kitten $545 later! They even showed me the part that was replaced and how it worked! WOW! I will Only bring my car here. I've referred friends and they fell in love as well. I'm so happy to have found them. Thank you for your caring service :)
5	I wanted to see If their high rating was truely earned or not. I must say I was very pleased with their service and repair and all at a fair price so they most certainly earned those high ratings. Ill definetly be back for future maintenance and repairs. Thank you japanese car service
5	We won't take our two cars anywhere else. They are honest and the customer service is awesome. That is difficult to find in Las Vegas. I will never service my cars at the dealership again.
1	I took my car due to all the high rating from yelp.  This place is the most dishonest place ever!! I took my car because the temperature was getting hot so they told me its the gasket, So I let them fix it.  2 months after the temperature was getting hot again so when I went back, they told me it was the thermostat.  Wtf! So why didnt they tell me it was the thermostat? When I asked the manager (very rude, not the Japanese guy but he seems Phillipino) why they told me it was the gasket, he started yelling and basically trying to educate me about a car.  Crap he said was " Lady, this is a used car, you dont know whats going to happen tomorrow).  The japanese owner and the manager both tried to say it wasnt their fault.  Later I found out from another dealership that the gasket has nothing to do with the temperature of the car.  Total rip off!! Dont go here, especiAlly if you want good service. The manager should get fired!
5	I'm just going to come out and say I've been burned by car places here.  The last one I went to was hands down the worst car experience I've ever had in terms of staff and professionalism (rhymes with "Fonda Pest").That aside... this place?  They are alright by me.Thanks to the Yelp folk in talkback for this recommendation.  They are appointment based, so get that scheduled ASAP.  I made my appointment for the next day, took my car in, and had a friend drive me home.I has just made it to my door when I got a call.  They couldn't find anything wrong.  They had their techs go all over my car, and they said they found nothing.  So I waited.  What were the inevitable "recommendations" that would come with it?  "Fonda Pest" had once listed off a litany of "repairs" that would have run me about a grand.  That was an interesting tale on its own as following up with other repair places (including this one), they all laughed and said none of those supposed symptoms were ever an issue.But I was convinced something wasn't running, so I was driven back to see what was going on.  They had no problem going over the car again, the owner/manager reconfirming everything.  And for supposedly doing "nothing" to my car, it strangely did sound better.Just to reassure me, they did say if anything went wrong, or the "phantom noise" returned, just swing by, and they would look at it again no problem.  They were very nice and professional about it.  At the end of the day, I only got charged for a small side repair that I asked them to do, and that was ridiculously cheap.HONEST people.  No "recommendations".  No bloated "just because" charges for problems that aren't there.  They were fast and to the point, and if that's how they are going to run their business, then they have my business.
5	If it ain't broke, they don't fix it.  The only honest mechanic I have ever known.  Truly a diamond in the rough.  The sparkling reviews are warranted and well-deserved.  When I need work done on my car, I wish I still lived in Vegas.  Kudos to Keita, his wife and Kevin.
4	So far so good. Went here upon reading all the positive reviews from my fellow yelpers. I was greeted warmly and told upfront what the initial costs would be to diagnose the problem. $43 for an a/c diagnostic test compared to $160 with the Acura dealership?? Wow! That was great to hear but of course we'll see how everything goes in the end.It ended it being low freon so dye was injected and an a/c recharge performed. A/c is working fine but we'll see what happens and crossing my fingers that it's not a leak. There will definitely be updates to follow.
5	Let me give you the short and skinnyHONEST service with estimates on all the repairs.  They will tell you if you really need to get something done or if you can still drive the car without any complicationsLABOR RATE: $84 an hour minimum of a half hour. All the parts they use are OEM which really is the only mechanical part you need to put into your car which is very important.  Many autoshops use aftermarket parts in the mechanics of the vehicle which isn't as reliable as the original part intended for your specific car.Very friendly staff and large waiting roomWhile you're waiting they keep you updated which is a big pet peeve I have with autoshops, you wait all this time without a single update on whats going on until 4 hours later.
5	Took my Tacoma in for new struts/shocks.  First, got estimates from a number of places (the big guys), JCS was $400 cheaper AND they use Toyota parts.  Second, when talking with them you really do get the impression, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  My truck has 96K miles and never has had the struts/shocks replaced and I just bought new tires, so I wanted the new struts/shocks even if my old ones still had some life left in them.  They took my truck out for a test drive before and after the work.  Kevin was VERY easy to work with, no BS.
5	While visiting my daughter here in Las Vegas she started having trouble with her Toyota Avalon.  It would run great for a 10 or 15 minutes then start running on 3 cylinders.  She went to Auto Zone where they ran the code and suggested she replace the spark plugs which she did.  Didn't work. They then suggested the coils.  Didn't work either.  I looked up Toyota repair shops trying to avoid dealerships.  Came  across Japanese Car Service and Yelp review were good so tried them.They got the problem diagnosed and repaired and at a reasonable price.  Almost two months now and still running great!I don't think you can go wrong here.  Seem like very honest people.
5	Really impressed with these guys. Yesterday was the third time I've come for a repair on my Civic. The rear shock absorbers and front brake pads needed to be replaced. The mechanic (Japanese guy) showed me how those parts looked like before he did any work on them. He handed me the estimate on the parts and the labor. I looked them over and they were very reasonable. So I waited for them to finish the work. When it was time to pay I was told that the estimate turns out to be actually lower than what was previously given me. I compared both of them to see where the difference was. Turns out the guy doing the estimate punched twice for labor on the shocks. That would have been an extra $86. Now I could have just paid them the estimate that was given to me. I was only paying attention to the price of the parts. I'm happy that they were honest enough to correct an error that only they have realised in the first place. I know I should be looking more closely at invoices next time. I'm very satisfied with the service I get here every time. They are my go-to guys for all car repairs.
5	I love this place. If you have a Japanese automobile, this place will treat you right. Honest: brought my car in for squeaky brakes. The guy said my brakes are OK but squeak because they aren't genuine parts. He said I didn't need to replace them. Prior to that, I had a check engine light and took it to auto zone so I would know what was wrong (from their free test) and then took it to Japanese auto repair. They could have got a ton of money from me and said anything like, "you need a catalytic converter".  The guy told me it was the gas cap (was old and leaked pressure). Replaced the cap and I  was good to go. Definitely will use these guys anytime I need anything, even though it's kind of a far drive.
5	The only mechanics I trust to tell me what's wrong with the car are here. With my old 1997 Rav4 it was hard to trust mechanics because there were so many things that could potentially be wrong with a car that age, but I feel like at JCS they only told me what needed to actually be fixed. I trusted what they were saying because they would SHOW me what was wrong and explain the problems.Looking for a new(er to me) car, I knew it was important to get it checked out by an independent mechanic, and JCS was my immediate choice. I was able to get an appointment within a few hours, was charged $65, and was given an accurate bill of health on the car with some buying advice and an offer to inspect another used car for free. Their prices are completely reasonable, but I would honestly have no problem paying more for piece of mind and trust. I don't understand why other places are so shady when JCS obviously doesn't have a problem making a profit and being totally legitimate.
5	If you have a Japanese car, you should bring it to Japanese Car Service.  More businesses should be named like this one, simple and straight-forward.  And more businesses should provide the excellent service and price that I received here.  Basically, my 2005 Acura with over 168,000 miles on it had the steering rack and pinion go kaput.  I usually take my car to the dealer for all of my service needs but when they quoted me $1,400 for the service and labor, I remembered that I'm not a gazillionaire.  I also recalled that I'd given the bestie a ride to JCS when she was getting her car serviced here, so I knew it had to be worth a shot.  Lo and behold, they quoted me HALF what the dealer did, performed the service as promised at the price quoted, and the car was ready in one day instead of the two that they originally said.  I also have a limited warranty of 12 months or 12,000 miles to boot.  Thanks to Kevin at JCS and the rest of the crew there for turning a potentially wallet-crushing auto repair into something much less stressful and less expensive.  I'm going to be coming here from now on.
5	I recently purchased a pre-owned car and I had a friend refer me to his MASTER MECHANIC.....My bad. He could not understand why my car was overheating. Well jackass, it was cause you put a Checker thermostat in a Toyota Camry.  Tried to save money by going to a friend's mechanic when I could have done it here was an error on my part. At least Kevin and his team were upfront, and showed me the parts that were taken off. Finally, I can drive with ease.Highly recommend that you bring your Toyota here soon.
5	I'm glad I yelped "Japanese Car Service" after being mistreated by a local dealership.  I brought my "Taco" to change it's struts/shocks.  They took the time to show me the problem, fixed it for a lot less than what the dealership was going to charge me and even showed me the broken parts after it was removed.  I was happy knowing that I was dealing with a shop that was honest.
5	My husband has been taking his car to the Toyota dealership since 2000 and was hesitant to try someplace new. We decided to give this place a shot. The motor in two of his car windows weren't working and it was getting annoying, especially in drive throughs. The dealership wanted about $1500. Japanese auto quoted us half of that. They did a great job! Gave him follow up calls and were really honest throughout the hole process. Since then, his car has put on a lot of miles and needed some repairs but we always take it to Japanese auto because we trust them and we don't feel like we are being ripped off. 5 stars!
5	I just found the last service center I will ever use.  I am a HUGE fan of Nissan Frontiers. Mine was about to hit 120,000 miles and I felt ill over the possibility of having to take it to one of the slimy dealerships here in Vegas.  So I started searching Yelp.  I found Japanese Car Service.  Great overall reviews.  So I called and made an appointment.  Got there right when they opened.  For all the stuff they'd need to do for a 120,000 mile check up they quoted me an amount of around $350.  That's about half what United Nissan would have charged.  There were two hiccups that caused some delays.  One is that their lift broke while a certain 8-year-old truck was on it, but they got that fixed.  The other is that they broke a part.  They admitted to breaking the part.  So they replaced that for free.  They also replaced my radiator cap for free since they had forgotten to mention the problem they found with it.  And they knocked off a bunch of labor cost since they had the truck longer than they expected.  So the whole thing ended up costing only $281.  I don't think Planet Nissan will change your oil and rotate your tires for that little.  There was no upselling (and I gave them an in to do so by saying that I was concerned that I've never had any brake work done on my truck in all its life - BTW another reason to buy a Nissan Frontier - the brakes were in excellent shape).  One top of everything else there are three good restaurants right next door.
1	This place is a HUGE ripoff. I have a 2009 Camry that needed an oil change; tell me why they're trying to charge me $300 for all kinds of other services such as brake check, tire check, filter check (mind you other places do that as part of the service already!). It doesn't end there. So apparently, $30 to change/add oil, that's it, other fluids won't be topped off, that's extra! That's like the barber shop wanting extra to clean off the hair they cut off from your neck! I'm surprised they didn't try to charge me to talk to their front desk. Needless to say, I took my car back and refuse to give them even one penny. This place is so unethical, but I guess it's my fault for not wanting to take my car to the place I normally take it to who charges $70 and get everything these thieves were trying to get away with.
5	Like this place needs another 5 star review but I thought I would add my 2 cents.The first time I went to Japanese Car Service, I was getting a second opinion on a quote from "purrfect auto" who said to change my O2 sensor it would cost around $480.  This seemed incredibly high to me, he kept saying something about how my O2 sensor was a "california emissions" 02 sensor so that's why it cost so much.  I called a mechanic friend who told me they were full of it and to look elsewhere.  I happened upon this place by pure luck.  They ended up charging 180 for the same procedure and no one was able to understand what this other dude meant about the "california emission 02 sensor."  I had the work, drove my car for a day, got my emissions test and passed.  Very happy.  I have been recommending friends to this place for the past year.  When I went to get my tires rotated where I bought my tires, they said my bushings and struts needed to be replaced, that would be $1200 and they could do it right away.Needless to say I called Japanese Car Service.  They quoted me $760 and when I brought it in, ready to shell out the money, they said I didn't need to replace anything.  It just needed an oil change.Very honest staff, Kevin, the younger man who runs the front desk most of the time is very helpful and kind.  It's tough finding a car place you trust, I have been ripped off more times than I can count, but I feel very comfortable sending anyone to this place.  Thank you so much guys, you rock!
5	Seriously the best!  The only place me and my parents go to for our cars. Just yesterday my mom was quoted $900 for a radiation problem at Midas (she only went there because she's super weird about going even 1 mile over on the mileage for oil changes and forgot to make an appointment here Lol). But she went to Midas for an oil change and they  let her know about the radiation issue. So she scheduled an appointment here and that supposed $900 fix was only $19. They are extremely honest! Even to replace all my brake pads were only around $300 here.There was even a time where my dad went to Walmart for a quick oil change before work and they told him something was leaking and the replacement would be $2000. Soo again he took it here and they showed him that it looked like someone poked a perfect hole where it was leaking and patched it up for under $100.Highly recommend this place!
5	WOW.  The Japanese Car Service is by far the best and they are very honest.  I recently went to the Toyota Dealership on E. Sahara were they called and let me know a list of things that was wrong with my car and that would cost $2400+.  I told them I would take my car elsewhere.  I went to the Japanese Car Service where Kevin helped us out.  He inspected the car and told us what was wrong.  Come to find out, Toyota told me a lot of things that were not actually true.  Kevin was very honest and very realistic. They even repaired some parts that were supposed to be fixed when I got into a car accident a few months ago.  We were only charged about a quarter of what the dealership quoted us!  I will never take my car anywhere else!  Thanks Kevin and team!  You guys are great!
5	A well deserved Five star rating for this quality shop! Honest and timely service, competent and knowledgeable staff, with repairs at a very fair price!  They explained everything prior to and after completion of their work, including showing you the old parts that were replaced and did not try to pad the bill by adding unnecessary fixes or charges.  They actually came in several hundred dollars below their initial quote because a part they expected would need replacement did not require it.  We'll be back as regular customers for our future Montero maintenance needs! Thanks for a great experience...
3	Great service
5	Recommended by fellow yelper, i was still somewhat skeptical in taking Nissan altima in for front brakes but since there was great yelp reviews I would follow though. Called and scheduled my appt 8am. Arrived and quickly was taken care of with a short amt of paper work/contact info and history of the cars issue. I was told they would contact me after initial diagnosis and estimated cost. About 2 hours later I was calked and spoke with shop mechanic, nice guy, seemed young but knew his stuff. Quickly informed me of 3 things in order of their priority. 1) front brakes needed replacement (which is why I took it in), 2) oil leak from gasket needed to be replaced with oil change, 3) the burning smell was from plastic bag on exhaust. 4) option: rear brakes have 30% left could be replaced now or wait till next oil change. After reviewing all the options I took the first 3 and estimated cost was $330 and would be completed by 6pm. All was great and vehicle was finished by 4:30pm. Brakes work great, no oil leak, and I'm not Skeptical and will return for future mechanical work! I will also look to bring my pathfinder in for some suspension work. Stay tuned..!
4	So far so good! We have been taking our older model Toyota and Honda to another mechanic for a few years, and that mechanic was great for small repairs such as brake replacement. When engine lights went on in both vehicles, the lack of no how was showing through. We decided to take a leap and try someone else. We are entirely impressed. These guys don't mess around. I brought my Honda in and they told me straight up, it's the computer there's nothing we can do and did not charge me a penny for diagnosis. The Toyota had a fuel problem and while old mechanic insisted that it was the gas cap, these guys went in and fixed the problem with limited labor charges and parts and labor warranties on all services. They were very forthcoming that if this did not fix the problem, what they would need to do, how much it would cost and that there would be no additional lad or costs. "Wow" I only give four stars because my experience here is so limited.
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Waiting room looks like an afterthought. Front desk employee talks about your car problems in front of other customers. Same guy threw a box at the delivery man which accidentally hit me. Lack of communication between front desk and mechanic.LIKE  Service was timely. Fair pricing.LOVE  Honest evaluation of your car's needs. Fixed low tire pressure without being asked.
4	I just went for an oil change but they where quick and honest. I am tired of paying the crazy prices at the Lexus Dealership and the other independent person I went to did not take time to inspect my vehicle despite saying he did. I am going to start bringing my Toyota here also.
5	Back in April 2013, I discovered that the A/C no longer worked on my Hyundai Sonata.  I took it to Japanese Car Service for an estimate, and they found that the condenser needed replacement.  They told me they'd have to remove the bumper, so it would take all day to fix.  I brought my car back for repair early in the morning, and it was fixed by 5.  They charged me between $400 and $500 (I forget exactly), and deducted half the cost of the estimate (the amount of which I forget too).  Highly recommended!
5	This is THE best place to go to! I went in for only an oil change, but they refused me and couldn't do it because they were too busy. Kevin, the manager, told me that I had to make an appointment to get everything I wanted to addressed. I made an appointment to get an oil change and they told me crucial problems with my car. I had my doubts, so I got everything checked out by Lexus. Lexus recommended even more problems! Kevin was very straight with everything that my car ONLY needed, kept it WELL under cost.The first thing customers have to understand is that Kevin is the busiest person at the shop. EVERYTHING goes through him. When you make the appointment to get your car worked on, he'll make sure it done right. I'll never be able to take my car anywhere else!
5	We had our Nissan Versa AC switch replaced in CA & they messed up the heater controls etc.  We took it in to Mitchell today & he found the problem & repaired the AC system for $217.00!  We are thrilled to find an honest garage and whole heartedly recommend this shop!
1	After reading all of these fabulous reviews and a tip from my sister, I decided to have my car worked on here.  I told them my 99 Camry did not pass its smog test and made an appointment for service.  After inspecting my car they told me I needed my rollover valve replaced.  It would cost approximately 332.00 and take 2 1/2 hours.I dropped off my car and about an hour later they called and told me that I needed to replace my Fuel Pump Housing.  I approved the repair (additional 75.00) and then came back before closing to get my car.  Kevin told me to take my car right away to Jiffy Lube down the street and get it smogged.  Unfortunately they had no smog tech's there so I had to pass on that.I needed gas before going home so I went to fill up, and then the horror began.When I went to put the gas into my car it spilled out all over the place dousing me with gasoline all over my shoes and bottom of my jeans.  I was horrified, and outraged they would release my car without checking their repair of the fuel pump.I was really afraid when I started up my car that I would start a fire or explosion but it was ok.  I called the shop several times but they were already closed, and do not have an answering machine.I went there the next day when they opened and they offered me nothing in return for their mistake but an apology.  No compensation for the shoes that were ruined, the wasted gas, nothing.They forgot to hook up the fuel line, unbelievable!!  They did quickly fix the car and I got out of that place as quickly as I could.The tech told me to drive my car before getting it smogged not like Kevin told me the night before.  What they failed to tell me was how much I needed to drive the car.I drove around all day and then had it smogged, but after 400.00 in repairs it still did not pass.  Then I found out the truth from the smog tech that I have to drive my car at least 75 to maybe several hundred miles to restore the history on my cars computer before it will pass.So it goes and I really can't say anything good about Japanese Car Service
