5	I've stopped in a few times for cupcakes and decided to have Natalie cater my baby shower tea party.  She made amazing mini cupcakes and let me choose any flavors I could imagine (went with chai w/cinnamon frosting, pistachio, lemon raspberry, and chocolate hazelnut).  She also made delicious scones and finger sandwiches.  The egg salad was amazing & their homemade pesto in the caprese sandwiches was excellent.  This our new go-to cafe in the neighborhood!
5	I absolutely love this place, so much that I've decided to finally write my first yelp review. First off, every single employee is friendly and goes above and beyond. Second, their sandwiches. For $4 their breakfast sandwiches are the same price/cheaper than other places and are insanely fresh and delicious. Get it on a croissant, it's amazing. If I'm not mistaken they bake their own bread here. The other sandwiches are great too, especially the one with the artichoke spread. The coffee is great (they can make any flavor latte you can think of) and from a local source. Third, they sell fresh from the farm juices at exactly what you'd pay if you went down to the actual place. This place is legit and has some of the friendliest service I've seen around.
5	This place is amazing. Not only do they serve everything you could possibly want: breakfast, sandwiches, coffees, ice cream, bakery items, etc. at very reasonable prices. It is a great and usually pretty quiet place to study. Above all, the service is AMAZING. I have not yet been anywhere else that treats their customers so well! Every time I come in here they treat me the same way, no matter how busy they are. They offer samples of items that you are unsure of, provide refills on coffee (that is way less expensive than any other coffee shop - and yummier too!), they cater to your every need and are just adorably sweet. I love coming here to study and highly recommend it. Keep up the great job :)
4	Really good place and nice people. I like the pastries, cakes, and Icecream. I have not had their food though. I bought my gf a cheesecake from there and it was very good.I like that the owner is willing to stock different items the customer may like.
5	I love it here! They are so nice. This is the first place I have been where it feels like I'm right back in Texas because they are so kind and helpful and personable. The food is yummy like a home cooked breakfast;) will be back over and over again!!!
4	Super cute place. Bright, clean and friendly service. I had the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant sandwich which I enjoyed. It was a substantial sandwich for me and quite filling. As another reviewer mentioned, the croissant is not the flaky, puffy croissant that  you would get from a French bakery. I got a delicious chocolate chip cookie on my way out. Happy to have happened upon this family owned eatery.
5	DA veggie is just amazing. As well as the potato salad. Mmmm they are always super nice and the place is sooo clean and lovely.
1	I've tried the breakfast food in this place twice and been disappointed both times.  First visit:  Tried to enter this place at 8:15am,  15 minutes after they open - the door was locked.  Took about 5 minutes of knocking to get someone's attention to open the door.   Ordered a sausage, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich to go.   Upon unwrapping the sandwich and beginning to eat,  I noticed the egg was essentially a fragile lump of undercooked scrambled egg.  So the sandwich disintegrated rapidly every time you took a bite. It was quite messy.  Also the cheese they used tasted like one of those individually wrapped slices of fake cheese you buy in the supermarket when you are on a low budget.  After I paid,  I asked the woman at the counter how business was going.  She replied gloomily that the Starbucks down the street takes all of their morning business.  Second visit, a month later:  Walked through the door at 8:15 (this time the door was open) and the woman behind the counter (a different one this time) seemed literally shocked to see a customer...  I asked if they had any muffins.  She pointed out three cupcake-sized blueberry muffins in wax paper.   I bought one only because I hadn't eaten yet and needed to grab something and run.   The undersized muffin was half-stale and cost $2.    These muffins look like what you buy at Costco in bulk at low prices - not what you would expect from a cafe..  Yeah... Starbucks is their problem...Meanwhile,  all summer long,  just a few doors away from them there is a huge construction project with dozens of hungry construction workers...  I walk by this cafe everyday and have never seen a construction worker go in or out of this place.
5	This is a wonderfully operated family run and owned gem off Centre Ave. The food is delicious. They always have a special which is delicious. The cookies and pastry display has had only good things to offer that I have found. The cupcakes are incredible. Cool flavored coffee's I have yet to try the ice cream but I'm sure that's good too. It's also really well decorated. Very nice atmosphere.
5	Fantastic wrap! $7 lunch special included chicken bacon ranch wrap, chips and home made lemonade! Friendly service and excellent food. Can't wait to come back for the ice cream
