5	Just finished at Anthony's where he replaced 3 watch batteries, wound another watch for me, and custom fit a watch band.  He spent 35 minutes with me.  He really takes pride in his work. I've used him in the past to repair a silver necklace.  His shop is not much to look at but I think he's really good and reasonable.
5	I needed a new battery for my watch. It was fixed in no time flat. I also noticed a great selection of watch bands for men and women. They had women's watch bands in a variety of colors, not the usual black or brown.
4	Went here a couple of month ago to get my beloved watch repaired.  Initially, I took it to Fossil on Charleston to see if they could change the battery to repair it but they said it wasn't the battery that needed replaced and couldn't fix it.  The people at Fossil must be dumb because it was just the battery that needed replaced and, luckily Anthony's Watch & Jewelry Repair diagnosed it promptly.  Service was fast and friendly.  My new battery set me back $10.Anthony was very professional and was obviously good at watch repair.  He said if something else needed fixed on the watch (which it didn't need) it would be $40.  Not bad.  Inside his shop, he sells and buys gold and other jewelry.  It's a bit rustic and could use some tidying up.  But, first and foremost, I would recommend this business to others who are in need of watch/jewelry repair.  Located in the same shopping center as Vons.
5	I needed a battery replacement for a watch and was quoted over $50 at the repair place in Galleria mall. At that price - and considering they scratched up my watch taking a link out the last time I went there - I decided to find another repair shop.I did a little online searching and decided to go to Anthony's after seeing good reviews. I'm so glad I did!! He was a very nice man and replaced the battery in my expensive watch within 10 minutes and for $10. I asked him about some other services, and his prices are great and he seems like a very honest man.
4	Another local business found through Yelp.  My decision to come here was based on the distance from where I was currently at and the ratings through Yelp.  I had a watch that needed some cleaning and another that needed some adjusting. Anthony's Watch & Jewelry Repair ended up being the perfect impromptu stop.Anthony's is family owned and service is pretty good. Watch cleaning, repairing, and adjustments all done while you wait. You can also purchase a few pieces of jewelry here as well.Regarding price, I thought that the initial watch polishing was a little high at $25. However I had a ton of scratches and some polishing was needed. They told me that my next visit should only cost around $10, which sounded a lot better. As for my watch band adjustment, that was priced at $13. Not sure if the price was good or bad because I use to get my watch adjustments done for free. Since I lost that hook-up, I guess I will just have to settle for a place like Anthony's to take care of all my watch needs. Overall, I feel that 4 stars is fair. I was in and out in minutes. I got one watch looking grand spanking new after it was cleaned and another adjusted just right so I can now sport my Father's Day present.  PS: They are known for repairing watches here. The word from other customers is that they're second to none.  Hopefully, my watch never stops ticking.  If so, I'm sure Anthony's will be on my list of possible watch fixer-uppers
2	Decided to stop by to have two of my watch batteries replaced. Read the great reviews. Arrived at 9:50 AM to find the shop opens at 10 AM. I waited. Another car came at 10 and the driver went to the door. Still locked. I waiting ten more minutes and decided to leave. Only can decide the shop is great but it failed to open on time. Chose to go to another shop.
5	Anthony and the gal were very helpful! Great prices and selection of watches and watch bracelets! Battery replacement is very reasonable! I got my wedding ring and engagement ring buffed ,too!
5	Thinking of heading to the Galleria to have your watch battery replaced by the overpriced and slow place there? DON'T DO IT!I had two watches that needed batteries so I checked yelp and decided to give Anthony's a try. For only $20 I had both batteries replaced (the price the place at the mall charges for just ONE battery replacement) and my wedding rings cleaned while I waited! Excellent customer service. They also do jewelry repairs and buy gold.
5	Excellent and quick service on a two watch battery change.  Came in to see about getting an older quartz Seiko and Casio up and running.  The watches have the old style screwdowns with indents for a case back tool that require a good bit of precision and not much purchase to work with.  Even with three people in front of me, they had me good to go in fifteen minutes, a flat $10 for each battery change, and (although not required for this level of watch) no caseback scratches.  I couldn't have done better if I had tried (and much less grief involved).
5	Needed my watch resized. Walked in and walked out within 4 minutes with my watch fitting. The lady at the counter was friendly and the price was cheaper than the mall watch repair place I went to last time.
5	My wife took my watch here to be re sized. She said they were very nice people and re sized the watch while she waited. The guy also told her if it didn't fit to bring it back and he would re size it again no charge.
5	got batteries for 2 watches replaced for $20 in a very simple and painless transaction.  great customer service. no complaints. will be bringing my other watches and jewelry to be cleaned here from now on.
2	Very fair price for service, if you're willing to wait almost 4 months to get your watch. Everytime I call he says "tomorrow my friend." I call the next day and I get the same response. I go in the shop and it still isn't done. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because a service is really cheap compared to other places.  It is a shame he lied about the promised date. Rubbish.
5	Walked in, 3 minutes later had a new battery in my watch.  Way better than those places at the mall.
5	Anthony is very sweet. My MK watch crystal had been replaced at that horrid quick fix in the galleria (they replaced my screen which had a tiny scratch after two years of use and the one they replaced it with shattered in a week- high quality $60 worth? I think not!) and needed repair once again. I took it to Anthony. $45 repair plus a consult in which is asked me why there was a bubble crystal on my watch that clearly needed a flat one-- thanks again galleria mall watch store! Ugh.  Anyways, very honest man who got me the flat crystal I needed and had my watch fixed in a few hours--I found his shop here on Yelp and so happy I did! Will go to him for any repairs.
5	So amazing! I got my boyfriend a expensive skeleton watch for his birthday a while back and the hands and a gear fell off inside. We went all over Vegas and everyone said it would be 250$ or more! I found Anthony's on yelp and I'm so happy I did! Anthony was so amazing and kind he is so fast to! The best part we payed vary little. I am so thankful!!!!!!
5	Took my watch to walmart to replace battery, they broke rubber gasket on the back that makes it water proof. I took it to Anthony's today, he fixed it and I was in and out in 10 min for a great price.  Very pleased. I'll take all my watch battery business here.
5	After putting off an expensive battery replacement I finally decided I needed my watch function back. Came across this place on Yelp so rather than going to an expensive jewelry store I thought I'd run down there. I was in and out in 5 minutes! Affordable battery with expert placement. He even cleaned my watch up for me. I was very pleased!
5	I have a second watch I use at a part-time job....it needed a battery, so I thought.....I got one on a Saturday---it was dead the same day....I returned to the same jeweler on Monday...he said it was NOT the battery..it needed a "movement," for about $75...considering the watch is worth $20-$30, I declined....so I found reviews for Anthony's.....when I told him $75 from the OTHER place, let's just say he made a face.....he said he could fix it for $28....fine....this watch has a lot of sentimentality. He promised it in 3 days...it was ready.....RUN..do not walk to his business. (I don't normally write reviews....in this case, I had to---and no, I'm NOT related to him).
1	I'm confused as to how there are good reviews.  I took my wife's bracelet here for repair, and asked to have it cleaned.  I was told it would be ready Monday.  Monday came and went.  I called on Wednesday.  It still wasn't ready, and was told Friday.  Saturday I picked it up- the initial repair was done, however the bracelet's finish was ruined.  It was now dull and discolored.  It was also broken on the other side of the clasp.  Not knowing whether or not that had been there before, and not wanting them to damage it any more, I took it home.  My wife noticed the damage immediately.  It then broke about a week later in the place he had damaged it.  He knew darn well he had ruined the finish, and broken the other side.  He gave it back to me anyway.  No class.  I'll replace the bracelet, but I can't replace the sentimental value that Anthony so carelessly threw in the garbage.
5	OK, you need a watch battery and the only place you can find is the quick-fix ripoff artist place in the mall, right?  Forget about it . . .  go to this guy. I went in with three watches that had stopped, that I had been unable to wear, because I couldn't find a decent watch repair business anywhere.  When I walked in, I was immediately greeted and asked what I needed.  I told him batteries, and he put them in within ten minutes, and I was out and on my way.  No up sell BS, no lies, no problems.  This guy is solid, honest, and loves his job. Go here, you won't be sorry.
5	Awesome, went in right when they opened to get my watch repaired. Very friendly right when I stepped through the door. He fixed the band on my watch and told me no charge, next time. I'll be sure to come back whenever I need anything. Thank you.
5	Outstanding service ! Fast , affordable and knowledgable.  He was very friendly with every customer and not pushy.  I almost went to mall but so grateful that I checked on Yelp. This place lives up to its reviews. Happy customer and will absolutely refer my friends and family.
5	I was quoted $60 from my watch manufacturer on fixing my watch!  Yikes! I went in to the shop to see if there was any hope going to a repair place instead. Not only did I only spend $5 on the repair, but he fixed my watch in less than 5 minutes! I will continue to be a loyal customer.
5	They are amazing. Reasonable prices and excellent customer service. If any of my friends need watch or jewelry repairs I am definitely sending them here.
5	You walk in to a watch store and some say, "come back tomorrow" or they see the brand and you have to pay more than regular for a normal battery.Not here.I walk in and he replaced the battery faster than he could come up with a price which was very good for my Invictia.Will not go anywhere else
4	Great. Fast. Friendly.   Went here based on Yelp reviews and was very pleased.  They replaced my watch battery and fixed 2 rings and they were done fast and they looked great.  Thanks!
5	Great service! Sweet people!!! There was a line, but I stayed because of the reviews. Worth the wait. Brought all my watches in and was taken care with speed and friendliness.
5	I phoned eight different jewelry stores around Las Vegas for pricing on some work I needed done.  Anthony's was lower than all the other quotes received.  They sized several rings for me, replaced watch batteries and had a pearl necklace restrung.  The work was well done and completed quickly.  They were also very pleasant.  Definately would  recommend them.
5	Anthony is the real deal of watch repair. I'd been quoted $100+ to replace the movement of my Swiss Roamer by a rip-off artist in West LA. Something told me he was inexperienced and/or shady so I waited. Upon showing the watch to Anthony, he showed me the movement simply had one broken contact, the rest was fine. My watch was fixed and back on my wrist in ten minutes for $30 with nearly all of its original parts in tact. An honest, sincere business that does excellent work.  Highly recommended.
5	Fast, quick, and great service. My go to for jewelry repairs and replacement of watch batteries
5	Excellent 5 star customer service.  I found them on Yelp and I had to get my 14k white gold box chain necklace fixed,  again... So I dropped it off before they closed and it was ready the next day! Friendly,  fast,  good work, and best of all affordable!  If you need some jewelry or your watch fixed I highly recommend them !! ;)
5	I went in to this place just because it was convenient and and I needed a few watch batteries replaced.  Owners Maria and Anthony could not have been more delightful to work with.  Very quick service and prices are very fair. I will go back without hesitation every time I need watch batteries or jewelry repaired.  Very nice experience.  And I hope they read this because service with a smile is a rarity anymore in LV.  I remember when every place in our small town of LV offered service like this; now, not so much.  They seemed to  appreciate me as much as I did them.
