5	Wildflower Bread Company is a regular favorite of ours.  We visit about five times a week and have sampled their entire menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Healthful food, served quickly, and clean restaurants despite the volume of business they do especially at mealtimes, and always wonderful breads and pastries.  They periodically make changes to the menu and it seems their new selections are well tested before they are offered.  We've also visited their locations on Indian School Road, in Sedona and at the Seville Shopping Center on Indian Bend Road and found them to be consistently good.  These are obviously well-run restaurants and a visit or more for a casual meal is highly recommended.
4	I can't believe I have not written a review for this Wildflower.  I have been coming to this location for over 8 years, even before their remodel.  Before the twins I used to love hanging out with my hubby on Sunday mornings having breakfast and reading the paper.  That went out the window once the twins came, but I still go for lunch a few times a month.  They have this amazing Chicken, Pistachio Pomegranate salad.  I am hooked on it.  The only thing that is annoying about this place is how busy it gets and how many people hog the big booths.  I have seen so many individuals taking the whole booth just for them and their pc.  They seem to have been there so long, so many of them have their bare feet up on the other side of the booth, yes, I mean you skinny guy on the booth next to me.  I didn't need to see your feet.  EEK.
5	As good as all the others, and closer to home than most.
4	Great food!  A little pricey for a broke mook like me to do regularly but yummy!
3	Food was great!  The service not so much.  Took us over 20 minutes to get our food and no one checked on us after to make sure all was well. The area was a little dirty and disorganized. The sandwiches brought the rating up from 2 to 3 stars. Little TLC and easily a 4-5 star restaurant.
5	I have been coming here routinely for years. You order at a counter and your food is brought to your table. The menu is really varied, the quality is excellent, the prices are reasonable for what you get, and the decor is beautiful for an (almost) fast-food, seat-yourself type of place. The staff are really friendly and service is good. I highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
3	Usually pretty consistent however, took my mother in law and husband for lunch yesterday and they ordered the hot chicken sandwich on cibata bread. Bread was hard and to large for a sandwich and they had to remove it and eat without bread. Suggestion would be not to have that type of bread for a sandwich. Mine was good..
