2	Penn Station East Coast Subs, or PSECS, as they shall be known going forward was lousy and definitely not worth the wait in the long lines.This location just opened up 2-3 weeks ago and I think the overall experience was no good.I had the chicken parm sandwich (10") and french fries.  The french fries were the best part, but they weren't really that good, either.The sandwich had next to no meat on it, and the onions overpowered everything on the sandwich.  There was a ton of bread, which was good enough, but the chicken got completely lost.  Once you lose the protein in the dish, there's not much you can do to recover.There's a huge market downtown lunch market, and I can't believe they pass up the opportunity by serving sub-standard fare.I'll give them another try eventually, but I guess I don't really see the point.
2	Went back to give this place another try.  I received some off-yelp criticism that I should have tried the Philly Cheesesteak because the "chicken parm" I had earlier wasn't a main menu item, and was just in a supporting role.So off today I went to see if I just made a bad menu choice.I had a 10" Philly Cheesesteak and a medium french fry.So first, the french fries, tasted fine but I got about 25 shorties..... Half of the french fries were about 3/4 of inch long.Next, the main attraction, the "winning" cheesesteak was just not so winning.Just so I'm clearThe Bread: it's good, has decent crunch, and is fairly flavorful.The amount of meat: reasonable for the sandwich, but definitely not generous.  The chicken parm had next to no meat on it!The flavor: This is the where and why that this place just falls flat on its face.  Once again, the predominate flavor of the whole sandwich is "Grilled Onions."  The steak is flavorless, the mushrooms non-existent, the banana peppers ok.  It just ends up tasting like a whole bunch nothing.I taste grease and onions.  I see no compelling reason to try this again.The chicken parm and steak tasted almost the same to me.  I almost couldn't tell the difference!  When you start having multiple proteins taste the same, you're doing something wrong!If you want a decent sandwich, try either Fernando's on Liberty (pretty decent) or Peppi's (even better) on Smithfield towards the bridge.  Fernando's is the closest to PSECS, but Peppi's serves a better sandwich.  Get either the Ultra Cheesesteak or the Blazing Saddle (and see my previous reviews on yelp for both of them!)Thumbs down PSECS, thumbs down!
2	Always packed for lunch.  Probably because Pittsburgher's love greasy hoagies.  If that's what you're into, then you'll probably love this place too.  Not my cup of tea.  I ordered one of the "ligther" options and it was still full of grease and it left me with a nasty stomach ache.
2	For the price, I expected to be blown away by their sandwiches. This place gets PACKED for lunch during the week, so don't go if you're short on time. I ordered a 6-inch, toasted  "Dagwood" create your own sandwich with turkey, cheese and veggies. The bread was ok, but I was not blown away by the overall sandwich. The fries looked delicious, but I couldn't handle that heavy of a meal for lunch or I would be asleep at my desk in no time. Next time, I'll probably save some money and go to Subway, where I'll get a footlong subpar sandwich, drink and chips for a cheaper price.
2	I live near the one in Shadyside & ordered a decent cheesesteak one time (although I added extra meat after reading reviews) Bobby & I headed to the downtown location maybe a week after it had opened. We had plans for dinner that day so decided on a cordon bleu to split & get our stomachs by a few hours.We sit down & eat. After 3 awkward bites of bread, mayo & lettuce (ick), I open my half sub to find 4 measley pieces of chicken.. & not chicken strips.. just chopped chicken. oh yeah there were a few more (maybe 5 total) of pieces of ham the size of my brittle nonexistent fingernails.So if you enjoy lettuce subs then you'll love it here for lunch.
5	I only ate at a Penn Station and it was at this particular location.  I am a very very very picky eater.  So when I get my order made special it is like a totally different item.  However I really enjoyed my meal.  I thought the cheese steak with only tomatoes was very tasty. I only requested tomatoes on my sandwich.  Because of calories I rarely eat fries.  These fries were very good.  In all, for a semi fast food place, it was very nice.
5	Always friendly, fast service and delicious sandwiches. Been there several times and have never been disappointed.
3	Ok I read the reviews of Penn Station East Coast Subs and they weren't all that great. I was berated by some very close friends for wanting to try this place but every place deserves a fair shake. All told its not a bad sub. Plus the fries are fresh cut and pretty good as well. The staff was very friendly, tried to up sell me and delivered my meal with a smile. That's all you can ask for. :)
1	This place was very disappointing to me. I've walked by it several times, thinking 'I need to try this place'. I got a 10" cheesesteak. It looked no where near how good it looked in the picture.The length looked short, although I didn't have a tool to measure. There was a skimpy amount of meat. No lettuce or tomato. Mayo & mustard? I must not have heard that properly. For the price I paid I felt like I got the short end of the stick. Before I was done eating I was regretful that I didn't go to DiBellas instead.My experience was so disappointing that I don't think a second chance would make a difference.
4	Don't understand why there are such bad reviews. I tried it for the first time yesterday and had the philly cheese steak with Swiss cheese. It was delicious! I will definitely go there again to try some of the other selections
