2	this is the epicenter for annoying old ladies and crafty housewives that want to impose their opinion on you over and over. i felt like i had a fly that kept buzzing around my ear. i just wanted to flick them away. since when did fake it crafty, old or designer wannabe women became the relevant style experts. I was getting a large panorama custom framed. it was pretty much 200 @ half off w/ out matting. i think it is pricey for a cheap black metal frame and a piece of glass, but that is besides the point. this lady in framing kept nagging and nagging me and the customer before me. we both wanted simple black frames and she kept pulling all this huge ornate hideous frames and horrible oak wood ones. she kept saying oh, this is just to die for w/ her ugly frames and all the other mommas and workers kept giving me their opinion, like I asked for it. When did large Tuscan and white wash oak wood become the go to thing no matter what you are framing. I could not wait to get out of there. the other lady got so annoyed w/ her she opted to cut her picture down and go for a standard frame they she pulled off the shelf. i wish i would have done the same looking back on it because i am going to have to go back in there and deal w/ them again. they even told me to make a fake bouquet to put next to it and that the wooden leprechauns that are out for saint Patrick's day are just the cutest things and i should go pick some up because they are on 10% sale and my last name is Irish. all I have to say is take your cropped elastic waisted pants, homemade wooden necklace , your folded white socks and tennies opinions and advice else where because I don't care!
2	Impressed with the price of items, sale items, and staff, but the store itself leaves a lot to be desired.Second trip here in 2 days. Sale items are good value, just be careful not to pay full price for anything here. Staff is friendly - but not helpful when you are looking for something and can't find it. The store needs a cleaning to say the least. There was a cup of coffee on a shelf near the scrap-booking area on Wednesday night. The same cup of coffee was still sitting in the same spot on Thursday afternoon when they opened the doors at 4:00PM. REALLY? No one cleans the store??? I find this to be terrible customer service on cleanliness!
2	I was totally turned off by this store first because of the disarray of the isles and random things laying all over the floor.  But what was worse was the x-mas signs all over the place.  x-mas ... REALLY ?  Pretty sad if you ask me ... you use the word "Christmas" on your website .... any reason you can't spell out Christmas instead of the dreaded x-mas slang?
3	Crafty things here we come.
2	I realize it's very close to the holiday, but seriously staff your store. I needed thunb tacks.Could  not find one employee on the floor. Resorted to waiting in a check out line, I ask the cashier., she  points randomly to the back of the store and begins to check out the customer behind me......
