5	I joined CrossFit Apollo at the end of December 2011.  I had heard of crossfit and kept driving by this location on my way home.   My mother and I decided to give it a shot so we went to try a class and see if we liked it (your first class is free).  We both agreed it was for us so we signed up for their foundations program that day.  It is a 6-class program that prepares you for crossfit.  You schedule these classes with a trainer and are usually either alone or with very few people.  I loved how one-on-one the training was and how quickly I was able to learn the movements.  After completing the foudations program, my mother and I signed up for a 12 month contract.  It has been about 6 months now and I am absolutely in love with this gym.  It is a welcoming, comfortable, and clean environment.  CrossFit Apollo is very family oriented and the trainers are patient and knowledgeable.  I have seen myself improve on so many levels and could not be happier with my decision to join.   Aside from improving my physical fitness, I have also made a great group of friends at the gym.  I consider this place my second home and attend classes at least 5 days a week. The fun, competitive environment keeps you interested in working out.   If you are considering trying crossfit, stop by this place to try out a class and check out the gym. The membership price includes unlimited access to the gym, including open gym (which they offer when classes are not in session). Compared to others, CrossFit Apollo is on the less expensive end of the scale for crossfit memberships.They also offer discounted rates for military and family add-ons.
5	Place is very nice, competed in a strongman comp here a couple of weeks ago. They ran this event awesome and everyone was very nice. Place was clean, equipment was good and all in all had a great time.
5	This gym went above and beyond to make sure I had a great time.  The trainer, Chad, ensured I was lifting safely and scaled the workout perfectly for my abilities.I went with my girlfriend and neither of us had crossfit experience.  I highly recommend you give this location a try.  The people were friendly and competitive but nobody took the workout so serious that everybody couldn't enjoy.
5	Crossfit Apollo is such an awesome gym! I am in the process of finishing my foundations classes. Everyone there is very supportive. I truly feel like part of a team. This was the first time I had ever done crossfit. I was very intimidated. By the end of my first class, I felt at ease and have been excited to come back each time. I'm only 6 classes in and I can see drastic results! Each time I walk away feeling like I got a great workout in. Each workout is new and never repetitive. I like that because some workouts feel redundant at other non-crossfit gyms.Would I recommend anyone to do crossfit? Heck yes! Not everyone in crossfit is super beastly. There are regular people there, too! The great thing about crossfit is that it can be modified to any strength and style. If you're considering crossfit, you better give Crossfit Apollo a try! You can try a class for free. So, you have no excuse to not check it out! Maybe I'll see you there.
5	This place is legit!  Traveling never prohibits me from visiting a BOX and completing a WOD.  This box has everything I have come to appreciate from a Crossfit facility.  The members, coaches, and amenities were better than expected and I would highly recommend to anyone.  The coaches were tuned in and attentive to every person.  I picked up a few corrections which helped me tremendously with my split jerk.  Hitting new PR's is always fun!!
