3	I have never had a bad experience in this store and felt compelled to write a review due to the store's 1-star review. I didn't want other Yelpers to be 'completely' swayed from this location.This store is a smaller Target, which I like because it is rarely busy. I am in and out. And because it is small, the parking lot doesn't have a 50 carts in random places that could ram your vehicle at the slightest gust of wind (like at the Walmart down the street).There is nothing awesomely astounding about this store, but there is nothing bad about it either.
4	This is an older Target, built in the early 90's I do believe, but it does serve it's purpose. It's a convenent, easy to shop store, with good service and well-stocked shelves. It includes a Pizza Hut Express inside with the Target Cafe/Food Avenue, and it also has a 1 Hour Photo Lab right up front at the checklanes and a Pharmacy a little bit further down. There's everything any typical Target would have and a nice sized grocery section with the basics. Once it gets a remodel, I'm sure it will become 5 stars!
5	i love shopping a target.. cause i live next  close to it.. lol.. they have great deals... most people would agree.. alot of kools stuff an electronics.. an great presents to get anybody..
4	Since the The Better Half had to work today, she made me come here to look for Christmas decorations that were on Sale for 75% off.  It's been a while since I've been to this Target location and wasn't looking forward to dealing with the madness of these types of sales.....however, since I love my Wife I went along with it.  She gave me a list of things to buy.The store was clean and well kept.  I beat the rush and there were only a handful of people in the clearance aisles.  I found some ornaments, stockings, and other random Christmas decorations that Wifey had on her Honey-Do list to pick up.I'm glad I came early because after 15 minutes the aisles were packed with maniacs grabbing everything and shoving it into the carts.  It was like a swarm of locusts....nothing was left in their wake!  Luckily for me I had already found everything she wanted and took off for the registers.The registers were full of the Holiday sales herd with hundreds of items in their carts.  Because of this situation It was a longer than usual wait at the line for the cashier.  The employees took it in stride and were very pleasant and efficient.  Overall, it wasn't too bad.Will I return?  Hopefully not during one of these sales.
3	ZOMG IT'S A TARGET REVIEW!!!!!!! TARGET!!!! No, seriously I'm reviewing a place where I pick up random odds and ends. The only problem I have with this location is that you can NEVER find an employee if you have a question. This one is set up well enough and everything is marked but having no one around makes Jon a sad panda. Not to mention the prices can be a bit...well...pricey(see what I did there?). Do yourself a favor and shop here instead of Walmart. You will feel less gross afterward, trust me.
4	Despite me going to Smiths for my basic needs, I am literally a 3 minute walk from Target yet I neglect to come here.  I don't really know why.Everytime I come in here, Target is very clean and well organized.  I haven't had any problems with the staff and they are competitive with prices compared to other stores.  Their aren't many people that come in (or whenever I do shop there) so it feels more spacious.  It's right near walmart so if you do shop at that walmart, you should feel ashamed since you know there is a Target nearby that actually treats people like...people!Ignore getting your soul crushed and keep your soul by shopping at this Target if you are in the area.
5	Love Target sales and stacking couponing at Target.You can use a manufacturer coupon with a target coupon and get double the savings. Most things I buy from Target is Free and I get paid to shop. Soo Sweet.The lines go fast and the cashiers are very nice with the coupons. Which is a huge plus. Walmart they give you a hard time with coupons. They have to call the manager and double or triple check the coupon. It's a pain.Target is always clean and nice place to shop.
2	So they changed their coupon policy. I didn't see it posted anywhere and it's not online. But the cashier said they just had a meeting today 4/19/12. Allowing 1 person, 1 transaction.I normally do a few different transactions because I have a lot of coupons. So this is very upsetting & annoying for people who coupons. I guess I'll be taking my money & business to another Target that doesn't have this crazy policy that is no where to be seen.Update 4/20/12 So called Target Corporation and they said no that they didn't change the coupon guild line, it is the same online for all Target stores and that next I'm at this store to call them so they can speak with them to fix the problem.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Standard Target selection to be found at this one.  Only thing that takes it down a notch below others is the cleanliness of the store.  Not filthy -- just not up to par.
5	I live across town and this location is walking distance from my gfs. She hates the prices here but I shop here to avoid the lower class that shops at wally world. (This store doesn't inspire a url for freaks found shopping there that should be enough for anyone with a hint of class)As far as the comments about poor customer service. I walked in with a defective item bought across town a week ago with no receipt. Guest service took the item back and gave me a new one with no hassles. The girl in electronics was stocking but happy to pull out a game I wanted to buy and stopped immediately to help me and to answer questions for an elderly couple that approached.I would guess those negative comments were from people who thought since they werent at kmart or Walmart they deserved a personal shopper.I love this chain and it deserves top marks across the board!
5	I LOVE this Target! It's NEVER crowded, it has a perfect small grocery section, electronics, clothes,homewares and it's just the perfect place for me to waste time with my son. The speed bumps in the parking lot are REALLY high, so if you have a low car, it'll scrape. And I'm not a fan of all the "day laborers" in the back of the parking lot.
4	I really like this Target. It is close to my house, always clean and tidy, and rarely crowded. The staff seems friendly and always super helpful. I do wish it had a bigger grocery section like the Greatland Targets do. I also miss the outdoor garden center.  They closed it a while ago. I hope they reopen it at some point.
5	Hey, it IS a Target, you all should know what that is like.  What I like & appreciate about this store:- Usually very clean- Not crowded- Well Organized- I swear, the same clerk/customer service staff for the last 10 yearsWhat I don't like:- The height of the speed bumps in the parking lot- The lack of shade provided by the north side of the building when it gets past April.- I guess that is it.Short & sweet ;-)
3	Pretty good, for the most part. Lots of registers to get you out fast. Not as many clerks (to help find things) as I would like. I spend a lot of time searching for what I want. It's a huge store. Wish they were open later than 10PM. Other than that, it carries a lot of diverse products, which is what I want for a Target Store.BTW...In recognition to Rod's review, they have taken away those absurd speed bumps.
4	Target has improved their stores, or at least this one and a few others I know of, and the change was for the better.  They have added a small grocery section, Starbucks, Pizza Hut, etc.  I'm liking it.  I checked out the snack bar last night and got some Pizza Hut pasta for dinner.  A tray of creamy chicken alfredo with spiral pasta topped with loads of cheese.  It was good but not great.  Better than a similar frozen dinner is about the best I can say about it.  It is worth noting that for less than $5 I was satisfied.  It was a good portion that was not enough to stuff.  None of us really need to be stuffed anyhow.After dinner I did my shopping.  A birthday card, a tire pressure gauge, a package of chicken marked down $2 as they were trying to move product.  I followed that up with a short stay in line to check out.  The cashier was friendly and fast.  This was an almost an unremarkable and altogether forgettable experience in the best way possible.  No hassel shopping is the best kind around.
4	This is a good Target. its never busy, very clean and always in stock. Unlike there competitor Wal Mart, There staff actually gives a ____ about service.
2	I would have given 1 Star, but I always find myself going here even after repeated counts of poor customer service. A plus is that they are generally quick at checkout and open lanes quickly as needed.  However, I've never had a good experience returning items here, with or without a receipt.
3	We found the best price for a mini fridge!  Other than the fridge, the actual experience in the store was an absolute nightmare.Parents let their kids run around unattended; a little boy jumped on our cart and took our shampoo right out of the cart...seriously?!  We both looked up at the parent, she looked at us, then calmly and casually told her little boy, "stop f****n' with those people", then slaps his across his face like Mr. T; I actually felt the sound wave from the slap.  Apparently, these are the types of people that shop at Target and Walmart.Overall:  We got a great deal on two mini fridges.
4	We stopped back to pick up a little item & it was such a different experience. Employee were pleasant & helpful... How interests as our las experience the only nice helpful person at this location was the security guard. LolHopefully this is the way they usually treat customers. If so, it is a nice place to stop & grab a card or whatever you need
4	Really like my Target. The selection is pretty good in all departments except toys. They only carry the latest toys which for kids I am sure its great. Just dont plam on getting last minute gift for a chikd there. The one on Tenaya has a Starbucks and the popcorn is alwaus fresh. Their bathrooms are neat and clean. Recently the food section was added and there is a good selction of store and brand name items.
3	Seriously, this target needs to run more specials and needs more cashiers!  The cashiers they have are nice but always takes forever to get out of this place especially on Friday nights!!! It is a clean store otherwise.
5	ROX in the Pharmacy is so kind.  I was just leaving Quick Care UMC...needed FIVE scripts filled!  She hustled and filled them just in the nick of time...they were closing and I really needed these MEDS after the hospital.  Great Service!!!!!
