4	Located in a corner of a convenience store/gas station on East Wash this place has ZERO ambiance, but the gyros.....   Yum!  Dare I say "the Best in Madison".Gyro house is part of the Capitol Petro station that recently re-opened on East Wash (accross from the most abysmal Burger King in the world).  Don't let the fact that it is in a gas station scare you off though -- the gyros here are big and delicious.  Get the food to go and find a picnic spot somewhere where you can slip off into Gyro-induced euphoria.  Really good stuff!
5	During all my time in Madison I had never had a gyro that really wowed my taste buds, that was until I found the Gyro House. While their gas station attachment may make you think there isn't anything special here, think again! Their gyros are unbeatable with delicious pita bread, succulent lamb meat, and a light and tasty cucumber yogurt sauce. On top of that they have excellent french fries that are always hot and straight out of the fryer. They have a large variety of other American menu options such as burgers, fried chicken, fried catfish which all hold their own. Be sure to try their grape leaves and falafel if you want a veggie option! The price is a little high but trust me, these guys are no chain. They have just recently started out and the hefty portions of food justify the price. So next time you are heading down East Wash give the Gyro House a try, you will not be disappointed!
4	I have only been here once, but my experience was pretty good. The gyros and fries that I ordered came out quickly, were extremely tasty, and the portions were larger than I expected. The tzatziki was top notch as well.The only real downside is that I'm not a fan of the location, but that doesn't interfere with the tastiness, so I will be back for more!
3	Gyro was above average. Gyro was made fresh to order, chunks of meat not strips like "Parthanons", diced tomatoes and cilantro, taziki sauce was alright. Fries were very good. Cash and carry kind of place, don't try and eat there. Must get soda from gas station, kind of awkward. It's best quality is that it's different from other places in town, but not necessarily better.
5	Great Mediterranean food! Fair pricing. I haven't tried the kibi yet, but everything else has been wonderful. It is a little out of the way and if you don't look for this place, you will think it is just a gas station.
5	The only spot I get gyros.  Awesome, Cheap eats.  3 people and our total all together was something like 10.76.  The gyro and fries gets me every time! When I start out I think 'hmmm could have been more fries in my paper bag"  the pain of over eating strikes and I no longer the question the wisdom of the portion.  Everything is good and cheap basically.  I was also blown away by the Baklava.  My only critiques are get some sweet and sour sauce, and add more ketchup to the bag.
2	I was hoping to find decent good middle-eastern fast food. This isn't it.Great fries, good falafel, average gyro, thin, runny tzatziki, and a disappointing "kofta kebob" sandwich - it was just a cut-up frozen hamburger patty in a pita with some hummus. Not particularly tasty, and not worth the 15 minute wait (with nowhere to sit) at a somewhat unfriendly gas station.
4	I went here for my first time last week after reading a few Yelp reviews.  I'm glad I did!  I ordered two gyros and an order of large fries.  The guy behind the counter was friendly and even gave me a sample of hummus to dip my fries in (I took some hot sauce, too. I don't know what kind it was but it was yummy!).  The gyros were delicious and the fries and hummus were pretty darn good too. They are in the process of changing their menu so I was a little bummed I couldn't just get an order of falafel, but I'll keep checking back!  There is hardly any seating so I'd recommend taking it to go, unless you're alone and in a hurry.
2	It's not a gyro house anymore... it's now a soul food shop that also offers gyros as an afterthought. Because they had soul food specials all over the wall, I decided against ordering the gyro. I opted for the philly cheese steak... and well... it came on a hoagie roll - but it probably had close to a half a cup of mayonnaise on it. It was so incredibly disgusting - had to scrape it off in order to eat it.
4	So this place is in a gas station. So there's that. But overlook the smell of fumes as you order and I have to tell ya, it's pretty solid. The woman ringing me up was DELIGHTFUL. I couldn't help but feel good cramming gyro and french fries in my face due to her pleasant disposition. It takes a bit longer but that's because everything is cooked to order. The menu is extensive, a weird compilation of southern and Chicago style (dogs, beef, gyro). I felt like the price was fair for the amount of food, about 8 bucks for a gyro pita and fries, and I liked that the meat was actually juicy. I do wonder if they're slicing it from a rotating deal or just heating it up, but I was also so hungry, it didn't matter as I scarfed it down.
2	This place is not a place for gyros.  I read the other reviews and they really sold me on Gyro House having really tasty and affordable gyros.  But I was disappointed.I wonder if they are under new management/ownership.  Even though the Gyro House sign is still on the wall and gas station sign, my receipt says MCGEES.As another recent reviewer mentioned, they have a large menu; from chicken wings to cheesecake, gyros to hot dogs.  If you're craving a deep-fried, college-cravings food, this is your place.The price was average.  Not a deal nor a rip-off.  My gyro+fries cost about $8.And the service was quick;  I got my food in about 5 minutes.But about the taste... it taste as good as I would expect from a reheat/ or deep-fry anything place.  The cucumber sauce was really runny; the meat wasn't flavored much and chewed like it was reheated; the pita wasn't bad, but wasn't freshly warmed on a grill.  So, expect your average gyro.For anyone who thinks the gyros here are the best they've ever tasted, you need to try Parthenon's or Plaka Taverna's.I have to give it 2 stars since it doesn't live up to its name, nor its previous reviews.
2	If you care about Yelp Star ratings you probably won't like this place. I have a feeling this place doesn't care about Yelp either (*if you do send me a message, seriously). If you like my reviews, though...Upon asking the woman working at the cell phone store where to get fried chicken: "It's in a gas station on your way back downtown." Obviously I had to go.The gas station thing is weird and the cashier watching Nick Cannon videos is weirder. The menu is hard to read, and when I said that out loud my buddy Cotton and the cashier both laughed at me. It's just not inviting to suburban Wisconsin upper middle class folks like myself. Cotton told me she hadn't been to a place like this since being in Texas or New Jersey or anywhere, "with diversity". Unsurprising.The cook came out and she was this older lady that had a tear in her shirt collar. She was really nice and I told her that, "I want $10 of fried chicken with sides. Something that you'd eat if you were to sit down to eat with us." It might have been offensive and mean to talk like that, I don't know. But seriously, that menu is terrible. I was trying to be gracious because despite the petrol it smelled good. They didn't have the leg and thigh fry meal I wanted, but we were advised on wings and a gyro burger. 15 minutes.People I assumed to be regulars came in and left in a hurry. You know, like people with other more important things to do. Everyone excited to be there had also called in ahead to get their order. I felt kind of dopey ordering and standing around like we did. We drove down the street to get a meal at the KFC to compare. I'm kind of overindulgent.Eventually everything came out, and we took it to go. We opened all three to-go boxes at that new park on East Washington. "This one smells way better". Guess which one she was talking about.The meal was great. The sides were especially homey and flavorful. The gyro burger was fun and weird, though I would have much rather had a gyro. But the fried chicken wan't the magical diamond in the rough that I was hoping for. It had a killer fry on it - way better than any bourgeios place downtown. But there weren't enough seasonings, and wings just don't have the heft I want. There's also the lack of that killer Southern technique that develops at a fry place that's just busy. Drops of the batter don't get into the breading, so the chicken doesn't get enough of that craggy crunchy exterior that makes fried chicken so indulgent. Hilariously, none of the bourgeios places downtown do it either.Tldr; this was an experience. You can't get fried okra many places in this city, and those collards and mac & cheese sides were killer. I might have to visit Melly Mel sometime soon.
1	Just waited 30 minutes for two hot dogs and cold french fries.  This place is called McGee's, but the sign outside capitol petro says Gyro House.  Inside (and on their receipts) it says McGee's.  I ordered my food, two other people ordered food.  We all waited.  The last person to order got her food first, followed by the second group.  I was last to receive my food, even though I had ordered first.  I took my food home to eat and the fries were cold, hot dogs not particularly hot.  Can't believe the service here.  I wouldn't go back again.  Fries are very bland and hot dogs are covered in ketchup, mustard, and other toppings.  Food wasn't bad, but after sitting for as long as I think they did, the bread was completely soggy and fell apart.  I was wary after reading some of the reviews, but the reviews didn't accurately prepare me for today.  It was twice as long of a wait than anticipated, the fries were not good (as described), and the food just wasn't prepared well or delievered when it should have been.
