4	Reading about Terra Jole and her role as Mini-Britney in the Las Vegas Weekly, I was definitely curious to see her act live.  I was lucky to catch an unscheduled 7 pm show last night at Krave's Harmon Theatre.  (Their usual show starts at 5 pm, with a 4:15 pm happy hour to kick things off.)  Little Legends features little people impersonating some big stars.  The host of the show, whose a comedian and magician, keeps the audience laughing and engaged in between acts.Terra Jole has all the moves and costumes of Britney Spears and Madonna, but it's her strong voice that carries through when she sings Alanis Morissette and Cher.  (The headset she wears for Britney and Madonna just doesn't carry her voice that well.)  I would have loved to hear more songs that really showed off her vocal talent.Also performing were two brothers (not twins) that can dance like no other in their Michael Jackson and Milli Vanilli performances.  There were also two other performers, one playing the drums in the earlier set of the show and then another guy playing the role of Sonny later on.  However, I feel like I got the short end of the stick.  I thought there was going to be a mini-Tina Turner and a mini-Elvis Presley!  Was my 7 pm show an afterthought, so I didn't get the true full performance?Nonetheless, the show is pretty entertaining and relies heavily and on audience participation.  With drinks being 2 for 1, it definitely helps when the audience is rowdy and engaging.  I hope that their full show does include Elvis and Tina.  Otherwise Terra can do the whole show herself with the guys working as backup dancers for her the whole time.    Overall rating: 3.5Try to catch this show on a busier night so the audience gets loud!
4	There was something very David Lynch about some parts of this show.  Especially the Sonny and Cher part.  I was expecting  a strobe light and a red curtain to come out of nowhere during the thing.  Only 4 midgets working the night we saw them with the girl being the only one that sang. The other impressions done included Gloria Estefan, Bette Midler, Shania Twain, Elvis, Michael Jackson, MC Hammer, Milli Vanilli, Dean Martin and the best/funniest one was definitely Black Eyed Peas.  I was way too sober for this show.  I definitely recommend being about 4 drinks deep before stepping into the place ($7 for a Corona inside).
5	Wife and I had fun when we saw it a while back. can't beleive there was a yelp for this.  Time to look for some other ones.... I heard they have new acts and a new lead.  We'll probably go back for summer.  Also avoid the todai outside the club.  yeesh tastes the same as others. go to a real resturant.
5	Now, having just seen the Popovich Pet Comedy Theater, i thought nothing could be better as i headed over to Little Legends...who am i kidding people, i was on my way to see MIDGETS!!!! we slammed a few shots and drank a few beers on the walk across Planet Hollywood and boy is that a smart idea because you're about to have your mind blown.DO NOT skimp here people...pay the extra cost to sit in the front. we did and guess what happened to me? i got brought on stage and sang to by "mini" Dean Martin...he gave me a rose and kissed up my arm!!!i couldn't contain myself after that(and a few more drinks) and was pretty much on my feet for the rest of the show. meaning, mini madonna tossed her tiny fur coat at me, and tall tranny Cher asked me to scream into the microphone to show my excitement. as the sound of "FUUUUCK YEEEEEEEEAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" filled the theater, i felt as though i had reached the highest point of my life. amazing.again, DO NOT skimp on the higher priced ticket...after the show(which includes black midget twins doing Milli Vanilli) you get to meet the cast and take pictures with them. DOI.
1	Gone. closed. :(
