1	Do not do business with this place. Many current and active complaints with different RE departments due to their lack of ethics and financial/escrow issues. They have our funds but refuse to refund. You will never get your email or calls returned and their invoices are so unclear with no explanation of charges. They will cheat you and nickel and dime you to death. Conduct your own due diligence and you'll see I am not exaggerating! Find a more reliable with better reputation Property Management company. There are still few left!
1	Do not ever use this team of misguided misfits for property management.  They are senile incompetent and incapable.  They managed my property and would never have anything repaired at my request, or my tenets request.  They failed to service my air conditioner after several requests to service it.  This cost me 4000.00 to replace the unit due to lack of service. Nola the owner is a big double talker sales woman who never listens to any thing but rather talks loudly over you to avoid any form of accountability.  She does not document anything. The only thing they do a good job at is billing me and deducting the management  fee from my rent.  I had to fly 2000 miles to go to my condo, coordinate contractors to fix all the repairs and set up a service plans myself.  The story goes on believe me never buy a house from them or use them for property management they are the worst I've ever been associated with.  To date I can not get my tenants down payment returned to her. They are very dishonest.
1	They are not trustworthy. They have kept a deposit that should have been refunded to us in December 2012...they represented a renter who could not complete their contract with us, their deposit was nonrefundable. The client sent us a settlement for the broken contract with the understanding that the deposit would be refunded by Anderson Group to us...After several phone calls, the only response I get is that they will check into it and they have other issues with it..None that have anything to do with us or our contract.
1	To manage a small 4plex, they drove me crazy. Never paid bills as rents were collected, never responded to calls or emails. Rude and extremely confrontational and don't take their business serious. We have them reported to the board of realtors and they're following up for our funds that they have no answer where the funds are (!). I have found out that there are many other complaints against this woman and her troubled crew.Left them with proper notice but they would not transfer the applications or contracts of tenants to the new management company.Look elsewhere and if you value your nerves, money and tenants, run for your life......
1	This is a team of thieves and dishonest group of people in one office. They have many active complaints with ADRE and other small business companies due to the lack of performance and cheating people with "missing" deposits, "missing" invoices and unpaid rents to owners. They never return calls, never respond and you'll be at their pathetic mercy. Don't take my word but check their track record and contacts and keep your guards up. Local management companies are well aware of this office and I will be surprised to see them in business by next year. Best of luck.
1	Dishonest and carrying the worst - the worst - reputation in the field. They have many complaints with the board and they have an absolute bad reputation among their peers!They will charge you for items with no explanations. They will NEVER release your deposit for what ever reason. They will never return calls, emails or walk in visits! Stay clear of these guys if you value your hard earned money and find a better reputable place. There is a major law suit in preparation against these thieves.
1	I have to agree with the other tenants on this group of clowns. Nola has flat out lied to me numerous times.  I spoke to her one day and it appeared after about a three martini lunch and then denied anything she promised. She proceeded to tell me what a bad person the landlord was and gave me specific details and how he owed them all this money and I started to believe her until the landlord called me direct and explained his situation, it was not him it was her. She would not answer his calls or emails and was holding his money and he had to fly in and sit in her office to finally meet with her. They were not taking their fees out of what they were collecting from me, not the owners fault but one of the other idiots in their office. She had her small brained peon David, called me on a Sunday night to discuss our lease, he had the wrong lease, had no clue what was going on and was telling me that we were in out lease until February 2013. He proceed to trash the landlord as well and once again, it was his wife Nola not the landlord.  That was surprising, because we signed a 6 month lease after our first year and when never heard from them again for almost 2  1/2 years. I called their office one day to have the ice maker fixed and they gave me the number of some dead beat appliance service in Ft Hills to call and he never answered or returned our calls and when I called back, they said that's the only person they use, so I fixed it myself. They came out when the water softener blew up and filled the lines with resin and they had the plumber take the softener away for repair. When I called back there months later because they never called me, they told me the landlord did not want to replace it even though it was part of the contract, well when I finally spoke to the landlord, he knew nothing about it and had no clue the water softener was even missing. I set up an appointment with Nola to do a walkthrough on the house on the 21st and she never showed and her office was closed that day after she assured me she would be there and never showed. I finally had to go through the landlord to move out on the 21st and he rented it within days and the new tenant moved in before the end of the month even. Well on the last day of the month I hear from Nola and her band of idiots (Via email because she will never call you back) and they want to do a walk through at 3:00 that day and they sent me the email at 2:40 knowing damn well I was not going to be able to make and the house had tenants in it already. They keep the money out of my deposit to pay for the days from the 21st to end of the month, essentially double booking the house.  When I told Nola and he band of losers,  I was moving out anyway, they told me to take pictures go have them notarized and retuned to them and I told her she could FOFF and hung up on her.Save yourself the trouble, don't use these morons and save yourself the time and aggravation. Who wants to use a realtor that had their own home foreclosed on, allegedly of course, I hear. I just called and they are now Sonoran Real Estate Group and Nola is still part of this group.
1	There is a lot to say about this group of dishonest (in lack of words) team. If you're planning to buy from them, watch your back as I have heard horror stories about them. If you plan to rent your property through them, they will charge you for everything possible and get very rude to the tenants to run them away. If you try to cancel your contract with them, they will refuse to refund the funds and will never return your call or emails and if you plan to go to their office, David who is no better than Nola is rude, obnoxious and liar to the max. He is in lala land and perhaps hang over or overdosed!Stay away from this toxic team/group if you value your "money" and sanity. Keep in mind board of Realtor will never help you if you go that route and hopefully you don't experience what me and 4 other people have experienced. I wish them worst of the worst in life and may they burn in hell........
