4	I go here enough that the staff already know what I'm getting.Not sure if that's a good or bad thing LOL
1	Tried the colatta, which was ok. Also got some doughnuts and bagels.  Not a great selection of bagels and the doughnuts were ok.   I prefer Starbucks for iced coffee drinks and Einstein for bagels, as for doughnuts I'll stick with krispy kreme.
4	A clean, "no coke, Pepsi," shop with good coffee.  Donuts that don't give you the sugar shock of Krispy Kreme.
2	Iced coffee was okay. Service was terrible.
4	America, except California apparently, runs on Dunkin'. Surprisingly, this Dunkin' Donuts is one of the closest ones to many of us from Southern California. There's one just south of the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada, but on the Arizona side, this has to be it. Though there's one on the naval base at Camp Pendleton near San Diego, private citizens can't go onto the campus, so it essentially is inaccessible for about 95% of the population. It almost makes one want to join the military, actually.For all intents and purposes, and as crazy as it sounds, this Dunkin' is one of the closest ones to the people of the Los Angeles region.I spent the past Thanksgiving weekend in Phoenix, and I stopped by here each morning as part of my ritual whenever I visit a city where Dunkin' Donuts flourish. I would get up before the rest of my family, and enjoy a donut and regular coffee (raspberry, creamed and sugared), as the crowds and lines would slowly start to form. If you follow my reviews, this crowding after I arrive always occurs whenever I visit a restaurant or establishment, and it happened each morning during the Thanksgiving weekend here. Once my order was claimed, I always insisted on eating there, as I don't like eating in my vehicle, or really having food in it. There is a drive-thru here, however, for those that don't care for the interiors of their cars. I do like how this location delegates the coffee making responsibility to others, and to have you pick up your order off to the side; it makes for faster overall service with the rest of the queue.I'm actually one of those people who always completes those surveys on the receipts so as to get a free donut on my next visit. Considering that I essentially swing by each day, doing those surveys is essentially a 50% discount off my bill each visit, and I really only pay for the coffee. It's made even easier if you have a smart phone and can do it on the spot. I know what you're thinking...what about that last receipt before you went back to California? Did you do that survey? The answer is: Yes. And it's folded and in my wallet, ready to be brought out the next time I encounter a Dunkin' Donuts location. The tax here is generally lower than what I experience back in California, so whatever few cents it saves me in sales tax is always welcomed, even if I can't really compare it with another California Dunkin' Donuts. I did notice that the prices for milk and water in the refrigerator were too high, however (even by Los Angeles standards). Then I realized that because this is some of the hottest deserts in the country, water may be more of an expensive thing around these parts.The service, was very attentive and great. The donuts I sought were always in stock and tasted fresh. You can tell a good quality donut because you never see cracks in the glazing. I only wish that they install a television, set to the news or something entertaining, so that diners could have something to look at other than their phones or other people.Speaking of which...on a side note, while visiting here, I was keenly aware that I was the only Asian person here each time (and probably the only one on any given day). Though I was aware of it, it was kinda interesting seeing how other customers looked at me. It could have also been the way I parked the car (which was fast and with California plates), dressed (which was business-like, but wouldn't draw a second glance in Los Angeles), or had brief verbal exchanges (but polite). Children especially, who haven't yet learned the art of discretion, essentially gawked at me and were surprised at my "Californian accent" (we don't actually have one) and how tall I was for an Asian. (I did notice I was consistently one of the tallest people there each morning, which isn't saying much, because I'm of average height around Southern California). I knew this because I could hear them "whispering" it to their parents, who would reply back to them that I'm probably visiting from out of town. I just laughed, looked at the parents, and replied, "cute kids."
2	I've had a gift card for the last 4 years but have not been able to utilize it as there are no Dunkin Donuts out in Orange County. So while we were out in AZ I was ecstatic to finally see one. I went last night 5 min to closing just to check if the gift card was still valid and the guy over the counter was not very friendly. I told him my story about being excited to finally use the gift card and he rolled his eyes and said "great you come right as we're about to close I don't have anything" mind you I had no intentions purchasing anything just wanted to check my balance. So today with the same excitement we go to get breakfast and once again the guy at the counter didn't share my enthusiasm of finally using the gift card. I got a large iced cofee but the MacDonald's ice cofee has more flavor. The bagel and cream cheese was your average bagel and cream cheese. Must say the donut was pretty good. But aside from the donuts I'm not really missing much with not having a Dunkin Donuts in Orange County.
4	Good but not as good as Rainbow Donuts
2	I have really tried to give this place the chance to improve the score before posting only 2 stars but they just suck... The donuts taste fine any time I've had them. If you get the right ones you order anyway, But everything else is improperly made. I tried bagels with cream cheese and the cream cheese was a minimal amount and only on one side! Or it wasn't toasted enough or so over toasted it was almost burned... Tried English muffin meal, muffin not toasted at all, come on, seriously who wants a English muffin un toasted? The hash brown bites had good flavor but were not cooked right. The employees just don't care. I literally had one roll her eyes at me in disgust when I ordered a old fashioned and she handed me a cake donut and I said this doesn't look right. She then sighed like I was special and trying her patience. So I give up!
4	I went here for a frozen treat... left with a donut too!  The store was clean and inviting. There wasn't anyone ahead or behind me. So super speedy service.
1	Will never do business with Dunkin Donuts again, they refused to accept my Groupon and would not even attempt to scan it.   On top of that, menu items listed on their website were not available and I was told they're "seasonal".   No mention of that online which was a huge inconvenience as I was ordering for people who weren't present.   To "compensate" for my inconvenience, the clerk gave me an iced hazelnut coffee which was already sitting on the counter - it was disgusting and probably a drink that was botched or rejected by someone else.
1	Went here to get the iced peach green tea. To my surprise they don't carry it. I asked when did they stop. The cashier said they never carried it. I stated, "oh, so you have it on your menu (pointing at the board which had other green tea flavors), but you don't carry it?" The cashier then stated that the board was new. So I then asked when would they start carrying it. The cashier that told me that she was new. She conferred with another worker who stated that they didn't carry green tea. I repeated my stance. A third worker entered the conversation and verified that they don't have an green tea. Other Dunkin Donuts have iced green tea. This facility advertises it, but doesn't sell it. Wow!I will not be returning to this location.
5	This is my favorite Dunkin donuts location. I tried 83rd & Thunderbird and 27th & Bethany and they don't compare. My husband, brother and I visit at least three times a week and the staff treats us like family and are always friendly. We know most of the employees by name. When we visit we usually get a iced mocha & iced caramel coffee which is always on point and exactly how we want it. We will continue to visit at least three times a week for the great customer service, yummy coffee and friendly environment.
4	This rating is based solely on today's experience. I went through the drive-through and there was only one other person in front of me. I clearly understood what they said on the speaker. The two ladies were nice enough out the window. They were fast and efficient. I was able to use my free beverage coupon from my rewards membership. That was easy and I paid just over a dollar for two medium drinks. Can't beat that! I typically try to avoid this location because of past experiences. Hopefully the service stays as it was today.
1	I got to this dunkins every day ...I love dunkins on the east coast moving here I can tell you they are not at all the same . Iv gotten used to the mediocre service but between yesterday and today I'm beyond mad.yesterday they had me sitting at the drive through speaker for a full 5 minutes as they kept saying hold on nobody was in front  of me and the line behind me was beeping made me look like a jerk and all a wanted was a single coffee but whatever maybe they were busy inside. This morning I order a bagel I said not toasted just as is with cream cheese iv done that before cream cheese always came on the side this time they put it on the bagel I said I'm sorry I like it in the side I didn't realize I had to order  it like that's it's always come like that the girl said no it doesn't this is how you ordered it went back and forth with her attitude I said well i won't eat this can I please have another ...she's rolls her eyes and goes I guess whatever and brings me a new bagel practically throws the bag at me and doesn't say I word  ..check the bag she gave me fat free cream cheese most likely just to be a jerk you don't treat anyone like that especially not a regular guest !
2	Stopped in today for breakfast and was so disappointed.  Not with the donuts - they are fine.  But we ordered a few other items that fell flat, and so did the service. Here's the scoop: avoid the "wrap" breakfast sandwich.  The contents were indistinguishable.  I ordered egg white and turkey sausage and I got egg whites with something green in them.  The "wrap" is a small tortilla that is folded around the egg thing and is somehow baked or steamed.  It was gross and inedible.  We also got a chicken biscuit which was fine, as least as good as the donuts.Two cooladas were ordered.  Both were nasty.  What a vile drink.  And finally let's chat about the service and the condition of the store.  Filthy kitchen area; many employees, and seemed only one or two had worked there more than a day.  I will not go back.  Hey, DD - stick to donuts or hire people who can count higher than 4
3	Line was to the door but moved quickly. However the floor was dirty and so were the tables. Asked for a cloth to wipe down the table. Donuts and bagel with 2 iced teas were good.
1	Ordered a sesame seed bagel and got a multigrain and only one side had Creme cheese on it. No one else was in the drive thru but me so this was just pure carelessness. Their stupidity amazes me..!
4	I only order coffee and they always brew me a fresh pot of decaf   I usually do the drive through in the PM.   They also honor my Extra Large coffee when I redeem my pinch card.  Best coffee on town.
4	I go to this location every day, multiple times a day on the weekends.  Coming from Maine, my Dunkin is important to me.  It can make or break my day.  In the last 14 months since I moved near this location they have only made a mistake on my coffee 3 times.  That puts them at a greater than 99% success rate!!!  The staff are courteous and when I come through they pay attention to the small details.  For example, I ask for a large straw when I order a medium iced coffee.  After three times asking at this location I didn't have to ask again, excluding of course a couple times when someone new had started.  It may not seem like a big deal to you, but to me I will always be won over with the small details.  It shows that the staff cares.Plus, with the Dunkin' app and the coffee cards I earn so many free coffees!!!  Oh yeah, and every time the cardinals win I get a free coffee too!  I've never really been a football fan (I'm a baseball girl) but I find myself rooting for the Cardinals every week!!!The only reason I am rating this location four stars instead of five is due to the wait time every morning at the drive thru.  I would like to see improvement in the speed of service during the busy times of the day.
1	The last time I went into this location was 09/30/2014 (my birthday) and the coffee was awful. There was actually no coffee in it only cream. This location is not consistent with the coffee, lately it has been terrible. I wrote to the corporate office and was told I would hear back from the location, but never did. I guess they don't need me as a customer. I have been going to Dutch Bros on Litchfield/Indian School, and they are always friendly and the coffee is awesome!! It's Dunkin Donuts loss because I was going there several times a week, but not anymore.
3	If it weren't for the manager handling bad customer service after the fact, I would definitely have reviewed them as much lower. I've been here previously and had good experiences, but today was not positive. I could complain about everything bad, but the manager comped my food, and refunded my money, and was polite. I DID miss an urgent appt. due to their poor customer service at the drive through which took 15 minutes. I'll try back another time.
4	To be very honest, I don't think that Dunkin' Donuts had very good donuts. I would consider them average at best. Personally, I prefer Krispy Kremes. And I would probably give them a two star if I was rating this place solely on their donuts. But, I have to admit that I highly enjoyed the hazelnut latte that I ordered the other night. I enjoy a nice, strong espresso flavor. That was executed fairly well in the latte I received. Also, I really liked how my latte wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. I find that Starbucks tends to add way too much sugar/syrup. This causes their lattes to be sickeningly sweet. Yuck! Also, I would like to note that I received excellent customer service from the two employees there that night. They were about to close, but they were happy to serve me. I think small talk is fine in certain situations. And this is one of them. I had very enjoyable small talk with these two here. In summary, I would come here for coffee.
