3	My mother's watch needed a new battery and a thorough cleaning so I took it to Walt's Jewelers since I knew that was where she had gone for years.  They remembered her when I mentioned her name.  A couple of days later I got it back, fully working and clean as a whistle.  I was very satisfied with their customer service and could see why she liked them.  Plus they were just down the street from her house.  I drove past this place while in town in April/May this year and was sorry to see it was closed and empty.  A victim of the economy probably.  Very sad.
1	DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER!! I have 4 high end watches that needed batteries. Since my jeweler had moved to downtown Mesa upon his semi-retirement, I decided to try Walt's since it was closer and therefore, more convenient. It was only batteries after all. Now granted, my visit this afternoon was after both going to the gym and receiving a facial. Though not at my best, I was not a slob. Upon my arrival, there were 3 associates: one was helping customers, one doing what appeared to be book keeping, and a third gentleman sitting and doing ... really nothing.  After a minute or so of just standing there, I was "acknowledged" by the woman doing the book keeping who said she'd be with me in a minute. I thought no big deal and proceeded to browse. Immediately I spotted a sapphire/diamond necklace that would be perfect to replace the one I lost, as well as a beautiful peridot circular pendant. One of my downfalls is that I have never been a hard sale. After several minutes another customer came in to pick up a repair. The man sitting immediately got up and asked if he could help her. I was pretty disgusted.  In disbelief, I incredulously looked at him and the lady doing book keeping, then shook my head as I proceeded to turn around and walk out the door. The customer service is lacking at best. To endure such an unwarranted pretentious attitude from a small jeweler in a dink Gilbert strip mall is absurd. Should anyone choose to visit this establishment, I would suggest not doing it after the gym!! You will be judged. I am a huge advocate of local business, but I can promise you these folks will NEVER get mine.  (For the record, this was disturbing enough for me to leave my first Yelp review ever)
5	Had a watch and a ring repaired there a few months ago. All went well. Took some silver rounds there to sell them today. Ouch.  i knew there was a reason the nice lady wouldn't tell me the price over the phone.  her offer. 465. Drove down the street and got 545. Nice try Walts. Not today.  NEVER Never sell your gold or silver to a jewelry store.  watch repaired i took to them the first time was good. Other jewlers didn't want to touch it. A vintage Bulova.
4	Thanks Walt'sHad 2 watches that needed resizing, took them to Walt's and in less than 10 had them fitting perfectly.  While waiting my wife and I took a look around and was treated very nively by another sales lady while browsing.
5	Fast, friendly, honest, and affordable.  My engagement ring and jacket were purchased separately, and it showed.  I wanted to have them soldered and lined up evenly and flush so they looked like one ring.  I went to several different jewelers and none of them could do it. Then I found Walt's Jewelers.  The tech (don't know appropriate tittle?) took one look at it and knew what I was trying to do.  I told them my insurance was covering the cost so they could have charged me any amount.  They still completed the job at a very reasonable cost and very fast.  Two days later I had my "new" ring.  I haven't been able to take my eyes off of it!  I ended up taking another piece of jewelry for repair.  It was done quickly and looks amazing.  They are professional, honest, and most importantly they KNOW their stuff.  Give them a try, you won't regret it.
1	I am extremely disappointed with Walt's Jewelers.  I had several of my mother's items repaired there and one the items repaired was a watch.  We had the crystal replaced and paid the $50.00 for the repair.  We brought the watch home and noticed that the crystal had cracked.  They told me that we must have cracked it at home and refused to even give us a discount to redo the watch.  I told her that my mom did not even wear it yet but she insisted that it was done by us.  They refused to even discount replacing it.  I am truly believe that the crystal was not put on the watch correctly and that is what caused the crack at the edge of the dial.  I have given Walt's jewelers much business and am very disappointed with the customer service received.  BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!
