3	Good place to go for all your latest video games and console.Great place with two floors with all diffrent kinds of games for diffrent consoles.Nice looking shop in princess street.
4	Gamestation is great for older, secondhand games and often has very good three for two games. They'll trade your old games just like Game. Has all the new releases but these overpriced. You can still get game associated merchandise like bags and action figures. Upstairs is better than downstairs. Staff are average, not good not bad. They generally understand the games they are selling. Its a right carry on getting near the place because of the current tramworks.
5	The biggest computer game store I've ever seen, Gamestation on Prince's Street is perhaps by default one of my favourite shops in the whole city. It's significantly larger than any other branch I've visited, and with a well-stocked retro section, it's a good bet for finding old obscurities as well as newer stuff.They still didn't have two very rare Gamecube games I've been trying to find for ages though, so there's always room for improvement.
4	With an awesome selection of both new and retro games, spread across two floors - this Gamestation is one of the larger game shops in the city. Staff are friendly and know thier stuff, so dont be afraid to ask, whether you are searching for the latest release or looking for a game for the console you just dug out of the attic.Although games are gererally priced by big corperations who make them, I've always though GAmestation was cheaper than rival stores, just through its offers and deals alone.
4	I always go through phases when it comes to games. Sometimes I am totally addicted to the likes of Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda and Maro kart, but sometimes I couldn't think of anything I'd want to do less.It's a love hate thing, it loves me, i hate it...But to be fair, Gamestation is a brilliant place for those phases where I love it. It's got all the games you could want, and if it doesn't have them then they happily order them in for you.The staff are very knowledgeable and sincere, they want you to get what you want. They have a good deal too where you can trade in games, for a good price!!
4	This is place is like a stop, a stop where you get off if you want games. Hence Gamestation.Gamestation is very well stocked, convenient game shop. Unsurprisingly it offers all the latest games, but more importantly a good selection of reasonably prices second hand games (which are often on sale). Its for this reason that Gamestation has also seemed to me better than its seemingly rival GAME. This Gamestation is particularly large and also offers retro fun, and video game spin off merchandise like T-Shirts and toys, which if you ask me are overpriced and marketed to a special kind of "collector".You might think that GAME, literally mere paces down the road, might make for stiff competition, but don't be fooled. GAME now owns Gamestation. If you want small independent game shops, you have to look hard. Fortunately Edinburgh has its very own "Chips" on Nicholson Street.The only real competition that Gamestation has is the online market, particularly second hand games from Amazon and Play, but as its stands it managing to compete on that front at least. And at least here you can browse, speak to real flesh and blood people, and sometimes come across great deals you weren't expecting.
2	WHAT IN THE HELL HAPPENED TO GAMESTATION?!Well they were bought by Game obviously...When I moved to Edinburgh last year, the Gamestation on the West End of Princes Street was one of the company's flagship stores; now it couldn't be a more different story. What once was a two floor store that had a fantastic selection of new and pre-owned titles, retro software, accessories, console bundles and demo stations has now been downgraded to a one floor shadow of a store with hardly any stock.I've always loved Gamestation (in fact I actually used to work for them) and will still continue to go there over Game - even though they're both owned by the same people now the impression still remains that Gamestation actually hires people that know what they're talking about and won't push into the hard sell. Fact is though that the stores are struggling to meet business seen by online retailers who can offer cheaper prices.The only real hope that Gamestation has left is on their pre-owned titles but these seem to be in short supply on the Princes Street store and as such I can't see this one lasting all too much longer (especially when there's a Game 30 metres away).Two stars then for being a games retailer with hardly any games. The prices are still okay, the trade in prices semi fair (as long as they keep price matching CEX) but they seriously need to pull their fingers out and get some games back in stock or I'll soon be leaving loyalties and giving up on them altogether.
