4	People often ask me how, with a college education and medical transition already on my plate, how I can afford to eat out so often. And the answer is simple; I can't. Between student loans, hormones, and, uh, chocolate chip scones (agh!!! crowd goes wild!), I owe so much money that instead of rejection letters the credit card companies just laugh as hard as they can into an envelope and send that to me instead.So I can afford to eat out when the occasion calls for it, I have at least two weeks worth of ramen, dried meats & fruits and green tea stored up in my kitchen to hold me over on those week/ends I'm as broke as the ten commandments and can't go out and get my grub on. But you see, run of the mill prepackaged imperishable foodstuffs are not enough to satiate my strange appetite and lifestyle; why, can you imagine how much a fool I would look, Jetta, the self-proclaimed Prophetess of Fabulous, were found in the possession of mere chicken-flavored top ramen and beef jerky? My reputation would shrink faster than my testosterone levels. And I can't lose both.No, I am a finicky mistress. I demand grotesquely cheap food with quirky Engrish packaging that will outlast a nuclear winter. And for such fare there is no better destination than Lam's Seafood. Not necessarily because it's in a great location, but because I know nobody else will go inside. Lam's can be a scary, scary place for the uninitiated. Korean and Filipino music is blasted through the speakers. The air smells of strange fruit and fish still alive in their tanks. The aisles are packed with food you've never even thought of eating, like prawn-flavored chips and chocolate-stuffed eggrolls. Any legible English found on the packaging is poorly translated and laden with idiom. I imagine if by some freak accident you woke up inside of Hello Kitty's brain, Lam's is what it would look like. Maybe pinker. And with more J-Pop. Okay, it's a crappy analogy but I have to finish this review, too late to go back and fix it.But fret not, like configuring a blue tooth headset and insalling Firefox for the first time, once you get over the "oh my god this is totally foreign to me" hump you'll be just fine. Ask someone for help, or bring a friend. Or date an Asian person. Whatever it takes to adapt to this brave new world. Before you know it, you'll have the upper hand in cheap, delicious Asian finds. While college students and World of Warcrafters are breaking up  packets of the same old beef-flavored ramen, you'll be drowning your taste buds in instant hot and sour soup and the fancier, imported ramen (the kind with three seasoning packets so you know it's classy). Who needs frozen turkey burgers when you've got fresh lumpia, bean cakes and seafood that, despite still being alive when you come into the store, is cheaper and tastier than any seafood section in Wal-Mart?You'll be getting your chomp on to dried squid and chili-flavored prawn chips. And won't you look snazzy at your desk sipping Malaysian mango fruit juice and nibbling on coconut wafers while you're less fortunate, less fabulous officemates choke down their coke and peanuts.The world of budget eating will be your oyster.Or you'll find it totally gross and frustrating, sticking to your Fry's brand cookies and TV dinners. Which is cool, yo. I mean, we can't all be into the same things. Because if all you, you know, financially responsible adults start shopping there too, they'll be apt to raise the prices. Then I'll have to find somewhere else to get my ramen hook-up, and if you follow me there too you'll so totally be a poser. Or a stalker. Surprisingly I'd prefer if you were the latter. I have problems. Maybe when I'm not paying for a therapist I can afford to eat like a grown up. But I probably won't.Me love Lam's long time. There, okay? I tried going the whole review without using Engrish, and I couldn't. I just couldn't.Thank god I have all these Filipino cookies so I can eat away my shame.
5	This place is the best seafood market i have ever been too! Hands down the freshest I've ever seen. From the live fish to crawling crabs they have it all. Thank god the prices are so cheap, since the economy is so bad I'm thankful that i found this store. Imagine finding everything you need for any kind of oriental dish to Indian foods all under one roof. The variety of fruits and vegetables are unheard of. I've never seen so many different exotic fruits in my life. I recommend everybody who hasn't been here stop by and check out what I've experienced and i promise you won't be disappointed. PROMISE!!!!
4	Since the recession has forced me to be more active in seeking out establishments where I can get lots of good stuff while spending very little, I have found quite a lot of easy-on-the-wallet places. Lam's Supermarket is near the top of the list. The place is huge, with lots of very inexpensive and very fresh produce, plus fresh meats and seafood at prices that will make any budget-conscious grocery shopper very happy. You'll also find lots of dry packaged and canned foods you'll never find in regular supermarkets, large or small. The other day I was finally able to find canned soursop there, and I've been looking for that item forever (if you don't know what soursop is, Google it; it's a tart and sweet rainforest fruit and the tree it comes from has recently been on the news as a possible source of powerful anti-cancer compounds). Jetta R gave a great review  from a non-Asian shopper's perspective so I'll add just one more thing. Near the entrance of the supermarket is a small Filipino restaurant, the Lutong Bahay Diner. The translation of "Lutong Bahay" is "home cooking", but the home cooking is Filipino, of course -- specifically, Kapampangan (meaning, from the Philippine region of Pampanga, an area known for very tasty cuisine). It's great to be able to go to a place where you can get a lot of groceries including hard-to-find food items, stuff your face on a tasty meal, and come out not having spent much at all.
4	Lam's Seafood Market is a rare Asian gem in the Westside.. sort of like me ;-) haha just kidding. I love this place! Great prices, fresh seafood :-)They also have a wide assortment of Filipino products which is a MUST for my kitchen. The parking lot is a lil shady and could use some covering for the potholes.
3	I haven't been to Lam's in a few months and felt the need to get me some wiggly live seafood so off I went. There is some major construction at the corner of 67th and Indian School so traffic is a bit of a nightmare right around there. There is a little Philipino restaurant right as you enter and they had some good looking LIchon Kawali (that's crunchy pork, for the uninitiated). I was in a bit of a rush and bypassed the Lichon, but next time I'll give it a try. The seafood here never disappoints and they have a good selection of Asian vegetables as well. I just love those little mini bananas too and had to grab a bunch. Also on the list was a 25 lb bag of rice for $16...pretty good price I thought. Now for the bad news...the parking lot here is kinda creepy especially at night. I've never had any trouble here but I've always got this feeling of imminent demise. The store needs a bit of a face lift. The carts are old and it just feels a little tired. But hey, it's a grocery store not a nightclub so I'm willing to overlook it in pursuit of some good far east grub.  Personally I think Lee Lee Market is better but Lam's still holds it's own for good seafood.
4	This is my favorite place to shop for "make your own sushi night". They always have all the stuff we need to roll our perfect sushi at home. I haven't had a chance to explore their actually seafood selection nor the produce though. The neighborhood is not the best and their parking lot could use some repairs. Nevertheless, I love coming to this market!
2	I'm disappointed in this store, I wish we could have Mitsuwa, Nijiya, Marukai and 99 Ranch Market in Phoenix, I miss California. It's very difficult to find a good Asian market here.  I've been Asiana Mart, Lee Lee, Super L and New Tokyo.  They are okay but they don't carry everything I want.
4	so happy to have found this place! ...random driving...me: hey! there's a oriental supermarket.husband: we're going!bin bin rice crackers-so deliciously sweet, salty, and crunchy.jamaican patties-number one thing we missed after our trip.lumpia-no more living in the bay area ment no more lumpia, not anymore!so many different foods from so many different places.brought my little sister with the 2livekrew and she was a bit afraid...the smell instantly turned her off. however, i think she warmed up a bit after watching the husband and i get super excited over all of our finds. don't think we'll make the drive solely for this place. worth stopping by whenever we're in the area or in the need of some bin bin rice crackers!
3	Like most oriental supermarkets in the Phoenix area, the store is very heavy on Vietnamese products, and a bit light on others - if you need things like Chinese rose wine or Maltose, you are probably better off searching online. (Lee Lee's does not have them either). A good Asian produce section, & a fair fresh seafood section. Good selection of international spices, though for some reason the last time I was there they had no Star Anise.I first started going there several years ago, and the store is starting to show it's age and apparent lack of upkeep. Product aisle signs have not been kept up (in fact some have the same mispellings as when I first went there almost a decade ago) and some shelf and aisle tags are falling off. In short, the "infrastructure" is getting to be a bit ragged around the edges.
5	Lam's Seafood Market is one of those places you either love or hate.  Let's start off talking about why you might hate it:1.  If you've been to Asian markets before, the smells in this store won't surprise you; if you haven't --- and you're a typically white, middle class family person --- you might be very turned off by what you smell.  Picture letting your three dogs go loose in the place after eating lots of food and they hadn't had a chance to do Number 1 prior to coming here.  Yep, you got it.  This is not to say, that the market is filthy or unsanitary; it's not.  But you have a lot of fresh fish and meat laying around and that doesn't make for a happy, perfumed experience, if you get my drift;2.  The appearance of the meat and fish quite often does not meet "standard appearances of neatness".  In other words:  if you expect your meat and fish to be wrapped up in nice plastic bags or whatever, where you can't see or smell them like they do in "American stores", you may not be a happy person here;3.  The parking lot is frequently littered with paper items, potholes and unsavory people, which might tempt you to put the car in reverse and speed off.  DON'T:  though it looks and smells like Armageddon meets Mexico City on a No-Fireplace-Burning day, going shopping here is well worth it.  Lam's is a bit run-down, but you're here to by food and spices, not attend a concert with the Phoenix Philharmonic.OK ... that's pretty much why you might hate it.  Now let's talk about why you might love it:1.  Lam's is one of those places that quickly makes you realize how little choice you have getting different kinds of foods in places like Walmart, Safeway, Fry's, etc.  Having done a lot of traveling around the world and experienced lots of different kinds of food, I STILL was able to spend TWO HOURS walking around this place today, marveling at all the different kinds of food and the many different brands of the same item  (and I've been here MANY times ... I always discover new things when I come back).  It's like going on a trip to Asia without having to leave the country!  Being that a large part of my diet is stir-fry, which can quickly become monotonous, I am always looking around for new spices and vegetables to put in my dishes.  Today, I bought several kinds of Indian curry, Thai curry, Chinese and Vietnamese chilis, mushrooms, fungi, rice noodles, bamboo, etc.  If you know the Valley, you know finding "exotic" foods is not an easy thing to do.  While the neighborhood is a bit dicey, I've never had problems here and it's worth the long drive to find this amazing selection and variety.  If you love Asian food, you better bring a pillow and book with you, because you'll be camping out in this place for a long time checking out everything they have  (when's the last time you found a place locally selling jackfruit, taro, or a whole duck?!);2.  Employees and management here have always been polite and efficient and do not hesitate to help you when you need it;3.  Prices are frequently very competitive.  Quite often, the prices for certain items here are much better than at Walmart  (example:  can of straw mushrooms ... here:  $ 0.89; Walmart:  $ 2.59).Lam's also has a selection of Jamaican, African, Hispanic and other foods you wouldn't expect to find in an "Asian" market.I can't recommend this place enough to stock up on hard-to-find ethnic foods at incredibly reasonable prices.  If you can get past the smell and chaotic appearance, you'll do very well here.
3	it has variety of seafood, but most of which is very old..
4	This place is a lot of fun if you're interested in trying exotic food from other countries especially the enormous variety of fruits that can be found in the produce department. As mentioned before by other people, the smell in the fish department is a little rough for the typical American to handle but overall it's a wonderful place to shop and their prices are very reasonable.
5	The produce are fresh and the shelves are always full. It is better than Lee Lee's and I driver about 15 miles further because of it.
5	Love this place! Things are on average 50% cheaper than fry's/Walmart. Most important, the seafood is fresh and has many different kinds. It's near I-10 exit 136, very easy to get there. Will not regret making a trip there because of all the cheap prices!!
4	Moved to Glendale from Tempe recently and decided to give Lam's a try when I needed some dinner ingredients I knew I couldn't find at a non-Asian supermarket.  Pros: Lam's has a huge and varied selection in dry goods.  More so than I've seen at most Asian markets in Phoenix.  Additionally, the staff were very friendly and everything was pretty well stocked.  Produce section was full to the gills with mostly atypical finds; that's a major plus.  Also, as one could expect from a place called a seafood market, there's a giant meat section in back with a whole lot of fish.  Lastly, I saw some epic instant ramen while I was there.  Haven't tried it yet since I just got home, but I am excited to!Cons: The store is a little disorganized.  Some of the aisle descriptions are flat out wrong.  (Ex: beer and "saki" sign over the noodle aisle.)  If you have five minutes to get in, get out, and get going (and you aren't familiar with the layout of the store) you're going to lose precious seconds down the wrong aisle.  Also, while the Asian food products are extensive, I was unable to find berries, yogurt, and cream cheese.  I understand that an Asian market will cater predominantly to Asian cuisines' ingredients, but to me it makes sense to include the more common local foodstuffs as well.
5	I came here on a spontaneous whim.When first walking in you get a humongous wif of fish... if you are not used to going to a fish market you probably wont be able to get pass the stench of fish. The shelf's are all stocked with different culture foods. Majority of produce is fresh I loved the fresh okra. Beautiful selections. In the sea food section they had live catfish, lobster, crabs, and other selections as well as dead fresh fish. They cut and clean it there... they were very helpful and the area was very clean inside.
4	Oh Lam's, you get me every time.  Being a desert girl, I'm a little apprehensive when it comes to buying "fresh seafood" but so far, Lam's has not disappointed.  I was taught how to cook by my grandmother whose mother was French creole and a lot of their recipes call for shellfish and fish.  This market has made the cooking experience that much more enjoyable by being able to select your meat instead of just grabbing the first bag from the frozen section.  Aside from the seafood their produce selection is also on point.
3	Huge whiff of the seafood walking in but that's typical of these markets.  If in need of a variety of seafood to cook this is the place to come to or if you want to venture out on your home cooking come give this a try it won't hurt.  Upkeep here isn't the cleanest but staff is nice and helpful
