2	From the moment we saw the sign with a "coming soon," we were pumped. There aren't a ton of dim sum choices around town that are truly delicious so we had our hopes up. When we finally saw it open, we made plans immediately. Many surprises hit us while eating there.It's brand new, and the decor it really reminded me of Islands Burgers up on Charleston for some reason. Not really "Asian" at all with the exception of the fish tanks. It's a lot like a diner. Or... gasp... maybe even a cafe. This hits closer to the truth than we thought.This is essentially a cafe that also serves dim sum. There are things like oatmeal, waffles, pancakes, etc. Cafe food. There is a strangely small section for dim sum - which we were told is all made there fresh every day. The small selection of actual dim sum was disappointing because we just expected something different. But there are a few gems here.My favorites ended up being....1. Shrimp on bell peppers - exactly as it says. It's shrimp formed on top of a slice of green bell pepper. It was tasty! The pepper was still crunchy, with freshly cooked shrimp on top.2. Shrimp in mushrooms - once again, no surprises. It's mushrooms stuffed with shrimp. Steamed. Juicy and tasty.3. Pork dumplings - I loved these because I love dumplings filled with soup. I always get delighted. The flavors were good and I ordered it a second time before I left.Everything else is mostly shu mai. It tastes like it should, but not my favorite. But don't take that as "it's bad" - take it as I'm just not a fan of shu mai. There is one that says it is made of shark fin. Don't freak - it's imitation. I couldn't really tell it was even there.Prices are sometimes reasonable, sometimes not. Basically you're paying around $1-2 per unit of food. So around $3-6 a plate of dim sum. You're served with sriracha and hoisin sauce. No chopsticks. I missed my usual soy sauce and vinegar mix with ginger.Anyway. This is basically next door to me so I'm happy it's there for my dim sum fix. Check it out and see what you think of this strange mix of a cafe and Cantonese dim sum. I just wish a place called "Dim Sum Cafe" had more of the former than the latter.
1	If you want good Dim Sum, drive a little farther and go to Las Vegas Chinatown.  They were located on S Hualapai Wy/Twain in Las Vegas.  They are open 7 days a week from 7am-4pm.When I walked in, there were about a dozen employees standing  behind the counter for a staff huddle.  One gal seated me and a another guy brought me water.  They had 3 small flat screen tvs and 5 fish tanks.  The booths were really hard.  They didn't have much cushion to them.  Where I was seated, I could hear the kitchen staff and the servers behind me talking and hanging out.They had nice laminated menus.  The only problem was that they didn't have enough menus.  A woman tried to pick up my menu after I ordered.  But I wanted to hang on to it in case I wanted to order more.They offered 15 Dim Sum options, breakfast, salads, sandwiches, noodles, fish, From the Wok, and soups.  I ordered 4 Dim Sum dishes.Fried Calamari ($6.50):  There were 9 lightly breaded rings of calamari served on a saucer plate.  The server asked if I wanted sweet and sour, hoisin, hot chili, or soy sauce.  I choose sweet and sour sauce.  It was served in a little plastic container.  It was watery.Stuffed Mushrooms ($3.50):  There were 4  piping hot mushrooms stuffed with tasteless ground shrimp and calamari served on a saucer plate.The server brought me hoisin and hot chili sauce in a little plastic container, and a bottle of soy sauce for the dumplings.Pork Shiu Mai ($2.50):  4 pieces served on a saucer plate.  They were filled with ground pork and mushrooms.Steamed Pork Dumplings ($3): 3 dumplings served on a saucer plate.  These were the best out of the 4 items I ordered.They could at least invest in proper serving plates, offer chopsticks, and have little jars of condiments on the table.  They need a website and a Facebook page.I paid at the counter and left. Paying $18 with tip was way too much for what I got.   I won't be back.
1	I stopped by Dim Sum Cafe for lunch last week and it was a disappointment.  The menu has everything from American breakfast, Dim Sum, Salads, Sandwiches/Burgers, Spaghetti/Ramen, Sweet/Sour Pork to Fish and Chips. When I saw the menu it seemed funny to have so much of everything that was not Dim Sum. They did not have a lot of Dim Sum on the menu, maybe 15+ items...no Har Gau (shrimp dumpling), a must have for any restaurant wanting to serve Dim Sum. I ordered 3 different types of Siu Mais (Chicken, Pork, Shrimp), only the Shrimp was okay, the pork and chicken both needed flavoring. Imagine flavorless pork, yuk. I also got the chicken pot stickers (made from store bought pot-sticker skin) which was also tasteless. The eggrolls, ehhh...stuffed mushroom/shrimp ehhh...and a fake sharkfin dumpling (was told that's what it was) also ehhh.  The waiter said all their Dim Sum is made to order or heated up when order...it all came out not very hot. I had a red bean ice to drink, that was okay but not enough since it came out in a short glass. This restaurant just opened a week ago and I think they are trying to be jack of all trades and unfortunately they have not even mastered their namesake (Dim Sum). If they named the restaurant Dim Sum Cafe, you'd think they serve really good Dim Sum, not so here.The service was okay and the restaurant was clean and bright but I would not venture to this place if you are serious about Dim Sum.
1	I found a dead cockroach in my egg roll!! I  just couldn't believe my eyes when I saw it........After ccomplaining to  the manager he was very apologetic but at that point I was so traumatized that I just stormed out of the the restaurant. Avoid at all costs!!
1	This was the worst meal I've ever had in VegasThe menu was totally weird: A small selection of Dim Sum, a full breakfast menu, and deli food?We ordered some of the Dim Sum, all of it was terrible.DO NOT EAT HERE
1	Disappointed I didn't go to a true dim sum restaurant on Spring Mountain.  Like other Yelpers I thought I'd give this new place a shot. I was first excited about a dim sum place close to our Vegas house but then I was let down when I saw the menu. Their name "Dim Sum Cafe" implies that they know what dim sum is...but this place has little idea what they are doing.  The serving staff is predominantly non-Asian and had no clue what cheong fun noodles and traditional dim sum fare are.  I explained what I was looking for "beef cheong fun" and the server said they have it. When the dish arrived it was beef noodle stir fry- not even close to the flat rice noodle filled with beef, pork, or shrimp.  I ordered 2 and those plates never touched my table- I sent them back as soon as I saw them. It's like I went to a so-called hamburger stand and they had no clue what a cheeseburger is. Gawd. It took a while for them to figure out we need plates and I guess they didn't have chopsticks ready.  $4.25 eggroll (2 pieces): you think it would be good or large for the money, right? Wrong. It seemed like they just fried some eggrolls from Ranch 99 and charged $2 a piece. Super rip-off because the eggroll was not very tasty. Adding insult to injury my kid ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and they didn't have cheddar cheese so she got a grilled mozerella sandwich. Yuck. Confused menu: small dim sum collection, American breakfast of oatmeal, waffles, french toast. Salads, spaghetti, and fish. Wait staff was slow to figure out we needed place settings and our server acknowledged that they were having many customers complaining about the menu. Restaurant was clean (it's 2 weeks new) and the TVs on the wall still had the Energy Consumption sticker on them. No fish in the tanks yet, either. I hope these reviews serve as a wake-up call to the owners. Vegas is not the kind of place that supports or tolerates a bad restaurant- especially one that leaves customers feeling tricked and overcharged. I would love to pay good money for good food, but this place is like its indoor wooden trellis: the structure is there but it isn't polished and leaves people asking the question "Why?!"  I'd skip this place until they get many of the wrinkles ironed out.  Hopefully they do it soon before the Grand Opening turns into the Grand Closing.
4	I don't know much about Dim Sum, but love to try new foods!  I explained that I did not know what to order and wanted suggestions for my first time.  Since I am open to new foods, I told them to surprise me.  I first received the Shrimp Stuffed Mushrooms, (I don't normally order stuffed mushrooms) but they were great!I then received the Shrimp Balls, they looked very funny! But was very light and delicious. Then came the Pork Shiu Mai, what a surprise treat! Everything was delicious and just the right portions and price.  I want to go back and try other items on the menu, and will again ask again for suggestions, until I figure what I like the best!Everyone was very friendly, and since I eat alone, I felt very comfortable and relaxed.PS: Love hot Chinese tea and might even try the Red Bean Ice drink next time.
4	The dim sum was not as bad as some say and I'm not a racist so I don't mind the non Asian serving staff plus they're quite friendly and they actually speak intelligible English. The selection of dim sum is about the same as most dim sum places although they don't have har gow but they have four didn't types of shumai which is great since my friend was allergic to shrimp.  I personally really liked the beef shumai.  They did not have turnip cake but I'm not one that needs it during dim sum.  Their steamed bbq pork buns were another welcome surprise with them being very soft and the baked were even softer although they stuck to the paper placed underneath it a little too much. I had a beef curry pie/puff and the curry inside oozed out and tasted magical. And the selection of sweets is enormous compared to most places with four types of rice cake ranging from the traditional white to strawberry to chocolate to mango.  I also tried their coconut custard which had more coconut than custard but I won't blame them for that. With cold desserts there was blueberry pudding, taro pudding,  and the usual coconut.  I had the taro and you could taste that there is actual taro in it. All in all I thought it's a nice little place that is closer and I'll definitely be back for more of their sweets.
4	I'm Asian and I've eaten at many dim sum restaurants, and this is my take on the Dim Sum Cafe: The variety of dim sum dishes is good. You might think that this restaurant doesn't carry as much variety as other dim sum restaurants, but that is because this restaurant only has several carts circulating around the restaurant at any given time, so it looks like there is less choices.  However, they do not have the more traditional dim sum houses choices like preserved duck-egg congee and tofu/ginger.The quality of dim sum is good. Thumbs up for taste & freshness. No difference in portion size, and dishes were not greasy. The chicken steamed buns were a bit dry & doughy, but all other choices were excellent.Price is comparable to other dim sum restaurant. Our check for 4 was the same as other dim sum places.No pushy dim sum cart lady coming by every minute disturbing your meal. The cart comes out maybe 2-3 times total in the whole meal. Only a few of the staff is Asian, which is OK because the non-Asian staff appeared to be knowledgeable about the menu and was attentive. This might be a good dim sum starter restaurant for those who want decent dim sum but don't want the hustle of Chinatown.The decor is clean with some fish aquariums, but there is absolutely nothing Asian about it. You wouldn't know you're in an Asian restaurant and thought you were in a really clean Denny's. Perhaps restaurant management can put a couple of inexpensive Asian-like items (lanterns, bamboo, red color, etc) to be consistent with the restaurant's name.Crazy menu needs to be refined. What is with the hamburger and sandwiches? Not sure why they feel the need to stick American breakfast stuff and other items in the menu, and why customers will go to a dim sum restaurant to get American food.  This is very confusing and gives the impression that management does not know what they are doing.  Their dim sum is good, it's also the name of the restaurant, so they should clean up the menu and stick to what they do well...dim sum!
4	I loved it. First off it was the cleanest dim sum place I've ever been to. The staff was kind and had perfect timing. It's new, so it wasn't crowded.  They were also great with kids.  A plus when you want to enjoy a meal out as a family.
4	I don't pretend to be a dim-sum expert, but so what if they have hamburgers on the menu and non-Asian staff?  The bottom line is that the food and the service are good. In addition, the restaurant is quiet enough that you can actually have a conversation, which is more than can be said for some dim-sum restaurants in Chinatown.  I would definitely go back.
4	I must admit that I was not impressed the first time, but I love dim sum and the location is near my office, so I gave it a second chance and it was much better, I would go again, it is more expensive than the restaurants in Chinatown but if you don't want the hassle of driving and waiting, this restaurant is a good choice.
3	I had some time before my Barr Class and needed a quick little snack so I thought I'd give Dim Sum Cafe a try (I get coupons from them all the time). My favorite is the chicken sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves. The sticky rice was a little under cooked and was hard and not soft and sticky, making it difficult to chew. The customer service was friendly. I always want to support small businesses in our community, but I think they need to work on the quality of their food to attract more people into their nice restaurant.
4	I thought this place was pretty good and the service was good too. They don't use MSG which is important to me. The server was fast and gave us a good explanation of the food. I've been here twice and I will go back again. I have had the Moo Goo Gai Pan which I liked a lot. The veggies were fresh and it was cooked well. I tried the Walnut Shrimp (my daughter's) which was also very good. I had the Monglian Beef the second time I went, which wasn't very spicy but had good flavor, overall. And we really love the Pot Stickers! We also got something for desert but I can't remember the name of it. It was like a small pie with egg glaze on top. It tasted like a cookie and I enjoyed that as well.
5	Awesome. Food is fresh and delicious and employees are very nice. We had it delivered and we really enjoyed it. Looking forward to dining in.
5	I love Dim Sum and this place was close to where I was running errands. The other yelp reviews weren't too kind, but I went anyway. Although they don't have a cart and you just order off the menu, the food was great! The prices are reasonable and there's lots of flavor. I'd go back as the servers are kind and had great recommendations.
2	(Sigh)...disappointed. I was happy to find a dim sum place close to Summerlin, but the food is no where near the quality of the other dim sum restaurants in Chinatown. Steamed Beef Tendon and Baked BBQ Pork Pie are the worst that I've ever eaten. Can't believe I'm going to say this: Panda Express is better than this. I feel sorry for the nice staff working here.
4	The Dim Sum menu was almost identical to other Dim Sum restaurants in the Vegas area with minor differences. I found the Dim Sum not greasy and delicious! The Thai Iced tea was great too. I especially enjoyed the shrimp dim sum.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant is a repeat weekly for my busy work schedule and family. The ingredients are fresh- I love fresh waterchestnuts- the dishes are consisent. The name threw me off didn't realize they're open for full dinner menu at first.  I read a review about the dim sum is frozen. that must have been a vindictive competitor because these owners also own The huge restaurant Orchid Garden on Sahara & Lindell. If they were going to get dim sum from anywhere else other than their own kitchen it would be a lot cheaper just to get from their other location Food excellent. no MSG and the place is  immaculate HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
1	I live in the area and was excited when I saw a Dim Sum place opening up.  Sadly food is borderline inedible.  The Mushroom Shiu Mai....the mushroom it was served on couldn't be cut!  It acted like rubber.  You put a knife to it and it would retain it's shape once you lifted the knife from it.  I've never seen a mushroom do this.  Needed to make serious effort to cut through it.  I tried a small taste  and had to remove it from my mouth.  The shrimp dumplings/potsticker seemed old.   The shrimp in the dumpling was mushy and fell apart.  It was not seasoned and was bland.  Took one bite and left the rest.  The one cart of food they were selling looked old.  The egg rolls did not look like they were made in house.   When asked about some of the other dim sum on the menu the said that was made to order as it doesn't hold well.   Which gave me reason to believe the food on the cart wasn't made right away and looked its age.  The pork buns were "OK" nothing special.  Could use a bit more filling in the buns.  The Chicken dumplings were average.  They were actually the saving grace of the experience.   Found it odd you had to actually request the standard sauces that are served at normal dim sum places.   We had the hot mustard and the red chili.  Both sauces were good.  The ice tea was fresh......I wasn't offered a refill or asked if I wanted another drink.I don't think the place will be there for long.
4	Very nice place. We were greeted the moment we stepped in the door for lunch. Our server, Alex, took great care of my wife and I. We started off with some Dim Sum/Apps: Pot stickers, Cream cheese won ton and baked BBQ pork buns. They were all delicious, well presented and reasonably priced. We then ordered the Mongolian Beef lunch special (7.95) which comes with 1 egg roll and a cup of egg drop soup. Usually the entree is spicy hot and I asked to have it toned down a bit. The soup and egg roll were very good and the Mongolian Beef was prepared just the way I requested...not too hot.Just enough kick to make you sweat a little. All in all it was a nice experience and good food for a reasonable price. The only thing that I noticed that was a bit disturbing were all of the surveillance cameras inside the restaurant  ..about 9 or 10. Kinda strange for such a small dining area.
5	business is picking up at dim sum cafe.  yeah! I knew people would not be footed.  These new owner's aren't new to town or the industry. THIS IS THEIR SECOND LOCATION a sister restaurant to the Huge dim sum Chinese restaurant on Sahara the Orchid Garden. personally I prefer the more up scale style at the new location for dinner.
5	It's exciting to have a dim sum restaurant close to my neighborhood.  Now I don't have to drive to Chinatown.     I ordered several traditional dim sum dishes to go and it was very good!!   It was made to order and the food was fresh and tasty with no msg!!  The price is reasonable like other dim sum places; And they also have lunch specials and dinner menus.   I will definitely go back to Dim Sum Cafe.
2	Bland. Dim sum leaves much to be desired & I'm always satisfied after happy dim sum. Bad dim sum? Really? Believe me, a true disappointment. I was SO excited this place opened near my house & couldn't wait to go. Some of the dim sum looks a bit unusual, like frozen or generic. I believe they do hand make some of the dishes but the classics are not up to par. Totally missing that fresh steamed dim sum flavor. The chive dumplings are good. Service is good. Restaurant is spacious & eclectic. I'll be driving to Chinatown or Ping Pang Pong for real dim sum.
5	All I can say is yum yum yum the sesame chicken was delicious !!!!! we ordered from the lunch specials which was a really cool thing because we got our choices to pick between different  flavors and plates  we wanted to eat   but  this food was delicious I really enjoy the atmosphere really laid back  the staff and the waiters were awsome  they treated us a very well
5	At first I was skeptical coming here, since there was a ton of bad reviews. The food turn out pretty good. I really like the fact that this restaurant is close to where I live, so that way I don't have to go to Chinatown for some good dim sum. They also make the food fresh, instead of having it pre-made and ready to serve. It may be a wait but its worth it. In addition, the staff is super friendly and nice. I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	After reading others' reviews, my curiosity proceeds me.  A new restaurant needs more time to proof themselves.  Hence, I ordered a take out and check out their dinning area and exam the restroom as I awaited for my order.  1.  the bean curd skin roll    Rate: 1.5Note: The bean curd skin roll tasted old- more of the boarder line spoilage taste. 2. Sticky rice      Rate:0 (yes, it's a zero star) Note: The sticky rice had too little stuffings.  Most stuffings are pork fat with very little meat.  It has a very mild rotten meat king of sourness taste which is rather unpleasant for me.  3. Shrimp dumpling     Rate: 3Note:  it tasted average. Neither bad nor impressive! Facilities: Restroom -5 The bathroom was dusty, things were broken everywhere. There were one missing light bulb, one broken paper towel feeder, one very dimes light bulb.  A very dusty soap bin and sink counter.   The sanitation standard is not up to my standard.  My biggest pet peeve for a restaurant is dirty restroom.  If they can't keep that room clean, their kitchen won't be any better.  Overall-I would give negative stars if allowed.  Sorry, I won't come back and strongly recommend others to think twice before coming here.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 27/100Good but not great. Service was delightful. We had an attentive server who was prompt and cheerful. He got our food in on time and happily split he check when we were done. Food was as they were. Couldn't help but wish there was a wider variety of yum tsa food choices like cheung fun (beef wrapped in vermicelli noodles) or sweet tofu dessert. Nonetheless, they had a buy 1 get 1 free promotion that day for the chicken siu mai which was a nice surprise. Bathroom had mood lighting by the sink but was pitch black once we entered the cubicles. I had to turn my flashlight on just to know where to sit and find out where the tissue paper was. Restaurant was clean but nothing really stood out.
4	Why is everyone giving this place mediocre rating? Cause there are no carts?I personally loved my dinner here at Dim Sum Cafe. I love the location! Not on busy Spring Mountain Rd! Finally, a close Dim Sum spot by my place. The servers were really nice, all of them smiling & very helpful.You pretty much order all the Dim Sum you want on a menu. As hungry as I was, I wish the food came out quicker but I appreciate & love the fact that they cook it & the food is not simply sitting on a cart.I thought the food was delicious too! Not bland at all & seasoning was just right. I think the bad reviews stems from people having delicious Dim Sum outside of Vegas but think about it, we really don't have an extensive list here in town in the first place. Honestly, I think this place is underrated. The atmosphere was nice, the lighting was bright, ambiance was welcoming, seats were comfortable, the whole place was clean.. & most importantly, the food was not bad at all.Of course, if you want your food fast, then go to Orchid Garden or something. This is just a place I'd go to when I want good quality & clean Dim Sum without having to travel too far.
4	Don't let the name fool you.We order to go/delivery off their Chinese food items all the time.There aren't any really  good Chinese places on the west side. I've been looking for 14 years. This place delivers. Big portions and reasonable prices Their Chop Suey has fresh vegetables nicely cooked Chicken. Pork Fried rice is on point.Beef and Broccoli are very good. Won Ton soup is a real broth soup not canned. My favorite is the Singapore noodles! Best I've had in a long time. Only negative are the egg rolls. They aren't big but small and too doughy. This is a small enough of a negative to  overlook. We've had enough failed restaurants on the west side. It would be a shame to lose this one because of their name. Give them a try.
4	Me: Great neighborhood dim sum place. The pork siu mai was so fresh and tasty and juicy. All the dishes we ordered (beef chow fun, har gow, steamed pork bun, baked custard bun, sticky rice in lotus leaf, fries taro dumpling) tasted as it traditionally should but was not as greasy, actually. If come again for dim sum fix in the neighborhood. The selection is pretty good but not as much as a trad tea house. For that I give 4 stars. Also, very reasonably priced. Him: The chow fun tastes almost as good as my grandpa's. It's really good. It's kind of weird my mommy speaks Chinese to the waiters. They're from Hong Kong. The pork buns are good and different because the meat is not small and dry but chunky and juicy. I like the siu mai too because it was really meaty and juicy and not fatty. The bathrooms are so clean, I went twice. I faked it the first time to inspect and then the second because I really had to go. The sticky rice could have had more flavor but my favorite sausage (pork wine "lop cherng") was in there so that was good. Order the Siu Mai. Gets 4 stars because no carts of food for fast-eating like other dim sum places.
3	I was excited to see a dim sum place in summerlin! The restaurant is pretty big with pleasant decor. I loved the fact that they have pictures on their menu so I no longer have to make up words to let them know what I want. The prices are good, pretty much like any other dim sum restaurant. However, the major difference between this restaurant and your typical dim sum place  is the fact that they do not have the serving cars. You order a la cart and they deliver the items to you table! Overall, a good restaurant to try.
5	They have some things to work on, but I'm giving 5 stars because I've never gone to a dim sum place in town that I really wanted to go back to of my own free will. First, a little history of my dim sum perspective. Since I was young I've gone to the best dim sum restaurants in San Francisco with my parents, and since coming to Las Vegas we've also tried practically every dim sum joint in town available. Cathay, KJ's in Rio, PingPangPong, Orchid's, Chang's.... The only time I go is when my parents are in town and it's all the same to me. The best communication is in Mandarin or a dialect, otherwise its pointing at things. There are a variety of dishes, lots of shrimp based things, many dishes are very salty, very heavy, very oily. I don't like any of those latter points. I'm not saying that Dim Sum Cafe food is bland. Not at all! But in comparison to all the others, it is not so heavy that it makes me want to stop eating after a few tries. It also seems to be less oily and heavy than other places I've tried. One big thing I really like is that you can order dim sum any time of the day and they make it to order so its hot and fresh, not on a cart for who knows how long. This does mean it will take a little bit for your food to come out, but it's worth the wait to me. I was initially a little wary since another review said it was a sister of Orchid Garden, who gave me cold dim sum so I never went back. Fortunately, nothing was cold, stale, or old here. The quality seems to be quite good, and everything tastes great. There are some Chinese only speaking employees there, but they do their best and mean well. It did take a little while to be noticed and seated, and service seems a little bit slow depending on which server you get. It might be a little bit of language barrier, a little shortage of staff, a little less experience with customer service, but whatever it is a little training or hiring of experienced servers would smooth these bumps quickly. For a Saturday night there were not many people there. I don't know if it was the location or that it's still a new place, but I hope they can make the right improvements and stay in business so that I can keep having dim sum that doesn't overwhelm me!
2	This place does not deserve 1 star because the service was great, everyone was nice and pleasant. However, their food was mediocre. I recommend this place to people who enjoy Chinese food with less sodium. However, if you are like me and enjoy food with flavor, unfortunately I do not recommend Dim Sum Cafe. The Shrimp Har Gow was flavorless and small. The Combo Fried Rice taste was plain, its meat and seafood lacked flavor. The Pan Fried Chive Dumpling lacked garlic. The Chiu Chow style dumpling, I'm sorry, was disgusting and tasted like throw up. The deep fried Shrimp looked bigger in the photo. FYI the shrimp was the size of a dime. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was okay because the walnuts were coated and crunchy, and the shrimp was pretty good, not over cooked, did not drown in the sweet sauce, and about the size of a half dollar coin. The War Wonton soup was the main reason why I wanted to go to Dim Sum cafe, but I was fairly disappointed. It lacked what the other dishes lacked.....Flavor. Salt, pepper, and soy sauce can only help a little. There was no garlic, herbs, onion, etc...nothing to boost the flavor of their dishes.
5	I'm not super familiar with dim sum, but if they are all like this, I'm a fan! Started with hot and sour soup, it was probably my favorite part of the meal. Baked pork buns were great, egg rolls were pretty standard, and the chow mein was excellent . I will be back, if anything the hot and sour soup is worth it. They could have had carts, I think it would have been served faster, but the place wasn't that busy so I assume they didn't want to waste food.
3	Dim sum Not so fresh and not so much flavor, service was good, hot and sour soup was great. It's clean comfy booth.
5	I hate that this place got a bad rap when it first opened and can't get above 3 1/2 stars now. It's one of my favorite spots in town for dim sum and noodle soups. The dim sum is made fresh instead of sitting on a cart all day. Price can't be beat and service is excellent - it's a great family-owned local business to support. Try the steamed pork dumplings, shrimp hargow, baked cream buns, steamed pork buns and beef udon. Oh ya - and they DELIVER dim sum during all hours of operation.
3	Nice made to order dim sum place w/some good dishes and some mediocre.  Not quite Cathay House but the chive dumpling, stuffed eggplant and pork buns were excellent.  Service was good and friendly.  Place is clean and spacious.  I would give it 3 and a half stars.  Prices btw $2.50 and $3.50 for most dim sum.  Full Chinese menu available.  Good chicken egg too young, Chinese vegetables and war won ton soup.
5	Probably my favorite dim sum place in Vegas.  I love the fact they don't use carts. You're orders are made to order so you have fresh & hot dim sum no matter when  you come in. I wish the baked char sui bao were made to order but that's hard to do, they just weren't that hot.  Our favorite of the night are the har gow, stuffed eggplant & pan fried chive dumplings. My favorite was definitely the pan fried chive dumplings,  they were The best I had since moving heren The place is beautiful & very clean. I appreciate the fact that they have a picture menu do those dim sum virgins in our party were able to see a picture before we ordered. If we had one negative I'd we wish most of the orders had 4 pieces instead of 3. Other than that we highly recommended this restaurant
4	I first became aware of this restaurant when I saw a flyer showing the Dim Sum menu. Of course, I immediately went to my Yelp app to check the reviews. It's a relatively new restaurant, but the reviews that I read we're encouraging. I especially liked the quick video clip made by the restaurant emphasizing the freshness of their Dim Sum, because they are made to order vs. sitting on a cart. I came here on a Sunday with four other family members at around 11:30 AM. Parking was easy since they have a parking lot. We were greeted and seated immediately. The restaurant interior appeared modern, very spacious and clean. They even had two big flat screen TV's! We ordered numerous Dim Sum dishes (including the usual Siu Mai & Har Gow). The dishes came out hot, freshly made and in a timely manner. We all felt that the dishes were delicious. We even had a separate order of Tomato Beef Chow Mein (Hong Kong style-crispy noodles). It was done right & it was flavorful. In talking with our waiter, he told us that they are affiliated with the popular Orchids Garden Restaurant. Even though Dim Sum Cafe is relatively new, I feel that they are worth a try...Check out the photos I posted.
4	Me and my husband decided to check Dim Sum Cafe out since it is right by our house and its great! The restaurant is open with a lot of seating and the staff is very friendly. When we went we did not see a dim sum cart probably because it was later in the night and not many customers were in and actually im not too sure if they even have one haha. Over all the Dim Sum is great, everything is tasty and we enjoyed the whole experience.
4	We had walnut shrimp, shrimp fried rice, salt and pepper calamari and stir fried snow pea leafs and garlic. All very good and the serviced was awesome as well! YES
5	Excellent dim sum and the  lunch special was great. The staff are very friendly. Service was awesome.  This place is different from other dim sum's restaurant, there is no cart, which is GREAT !, because everything is fresh and hot !  and made to order. Not like other places, Dim Sum Cafe does not use too much salt and no MSG, but yet still so tasty. I went there for lunch, it's almost full ! I am glad, because I want them to succeed. GREAT PLACE, GREAT PRICE, GREAT SERVICE !
4	The food  and service was good here but I wish they had more dim sum options. We ordered the chicken shu mai, shrimp noodle rolls, sticky rice in lotus leaf and steamed bbq pork bun.Will definitely return to try their other items.
5	Love love love this restaurant!! I've gotten take out from here a few times. The steamed pork buns are insane...so light and fluffy. The  red bean sesame ball is delicious. The shrimp dumplings are perfect. The chive dumpling was excellent. Their mango sticky rice is amazing too! The chicken shumai and stuffed mushrooms were ok.The take out holds up very well. Not greasy at all and you can tell it is all homemade. The prices are great too for the quality. Very impressed! Can't wait to go back!
5	We have eaten here many times and have NEVER been disappointed!  We actually crave the food!  Yum!
4	8/29/14.  I'm not a huge eater of chinese food, but this place was awesome.  I had the shrimp noodles, my daughter had the beef fried rice, aunt had calamari, etc, and all were amazing.  Our server was also really nice.  I can't wait to go back on my next Vegas trip.
5	This restaurant is one example of why I can't trust Yelp very much anymore.If I were to rate this cafe, I'd give it 4.5. And like most users, that .5 stars is merely because they market themselves as dim sum, but does not have the carts to give you the "full dim sum experience." But you know what? Who cares if they don't have a bunch of old, middle-aged, rude Chinese women pushing your food around?Here's the deal Yelpers, it blows my mind that most of the reviews take out so many stars or give this place a bad review because of the lack of carts. Let me inform you guys that this place serves the best dim sum food in all of Vegas (bold statement, but true.) The reason why this restaurant does not cart their food around for you is because they know they aren't located in Chinatown with millions of customers everyday, but they want to preserve the quality of their food, which is why they cook their food fresh for you. I can guarantee you that even the other great dim sum places in Vegas (Cathay House, Chang's) will sometimes microwave your food, or heat up leftovers for you to eat. Oh and "how's the service?" You might be asking. It is incredible. It may be because I came for a late lunch, but we had the most excellent service ever at any dim sum. Waited a reasonable amount of time to be seated, then had kind service through my whole meal. There are simple key things that waiters and waitresses should do (say "May I...Please... Thank You...") I mean very basic things that most restaurants don't accomplish, but it takes you a long way. The waitress was even kind enough to hold the door open on my way out. I won't say to expect these kinds of things at peak hours, but they definitely do put a lot of care into their customers.TL;DR don't come here if you are looking for cart pushers, come if you want some quality food.
2	I'll give it a two star because of the server. He was good and very helpful. We ordered, steamed bbq buns,  siu mai, beef tendon, sticky rice, rolled shrimp, rolled noodles in xo sauce which was super oily, fried rice, Mongolia beef and hot and sour soup. Some dishes were not good and some were. So for me the main dishes are ok, dim sum not so much. Probably not coming back here.
4	Great food at a reasonable price , without going all the way to spring mountain and having to deal with all that traffic.  And I know great chinese food since I am from New York and have eaten in the greatest Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. So check it out and find out for yourself.
4	Really good Dim Sum, I recommend you try this restaurant.  It's impeccably clean, airy, and has very good service. We tried the pork shui mai, pot stickers, shrimp dumplings, hot and sour soup.  Ingredients were fresh, the food was not greasy and flavors were excellent. Best dim sum I've had in Las Vegas.
5	Dim sum served all day in Summerlin? Yes please! All the dim sum we ordered - chicken shu mai, chive dumplings, shrimp stuffed in mushroom, baked BBQ pork buns, Chinese brocolli - came out piping hot and, were quite delicious! We've certainly had better tasting dim sum but we were pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste.  We rarely order Chinese brocolli from the carts because they often are woefully undercooked and barely edible but these were tender and yummy. We also ordered the roast duck, which was perfectly crispy, and chicken chow fun, which the kids loved. We are looking forward to trying the other things on the menu as the food tasted more "authentic" Chinese than the takeout places we resort to given the lack of options in Summerlin.Service was attentive, the place was clean and we left feeling very satisfied. Definitely our new go-to place for Chinese food and dim sum in the neighborhood - and they deliver! Give this place a shot!
5	I am so happy that there is a GREAT place for dim sum on this side of town. I love that there are no steam carts because frankly, at other places, if you're not seated where the carts comes out of the back, sometimes the food is cold.Each dim sum order is prepared fresh. Pretty smart ... It arrives at the table hot and tasty. The restaurant is clean and quiet and they have my favorite dim sum choices!
5	Oh my god how does this place only have 3.5 stars?? Of course, I skimmed through the reviews on yelp before heading here and seems like most people took off stars because they don't have the carts so it's not a true dim sum experience. Well I think the quality of the food makes up for all of that! Even the beef and broccoli off the regular menu was delish! Everything from the sauce for egg roll to the steamed pork buns and rice noodles was just so tasty. Some yelpers pointed out that most dim sum places have the food out on the cart so long that it's not really fresh and some are probably even microwaved. I totally agree with them and actually really enjoyed the made-to-order freshness of the food. Best Chinese food I've had in a while!
2	I am so disappointed. I live so close to this place and thought it could be a "go-to." My husband and I dine out a lot and when we find somewhere we like we become frequent goers and loyal customers! The service was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. From the moment we walked through the door the middle aged man who sat us and waited on us was impolite. It didn't bother me at first. I considered it was due to a language or cultural barrier. Then I saw him interacting with an elderly couple who sat in the booth next to us. He wasn't exactly bubbly with them but he sure treated them with a lot more respect than he did us. The slightly younger gentlemen who looks like he might own the place, also began helping the couple next to us, asking them if he could get them hot sauce, soy sauce, etc. While our cups remained empty and no one ever returned to ask how we were doing or if we would like anything else, even though we kept the menu after our initial order and indicated that we would order more food as we went on. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the food wasn't terrible. It wasn't out of this world. It was... mediocre at best. Had our server returned to our table, I could've had more of a chance to judge the food. But so be it. I was really hoping this would would be an amazing place! Another sad example of poor service ruining any potential.
5	Good services, food is make to order. Hot out of kitchen to our table. No carts, but same as Taiwan, they bring order to our table. Will def return.
1	Worst dim sum ever... Open at 11 but no baked buns till noon. Fishy shrimp har gow....   The list goes on. Get me outa here now!
5	We tried about twelve things from their dim sum menu. My favorites were the pan fried chive dumpling, chicken shu mi, steamed pork bun, and last but not least...fried and steamed sweet cream bum. The fried shrimp ball and stuffed mushrooms were good too. We are going to come back to try their regular Chinese menu.
4	Very dependable delivery, and good quality dim sum (on majority, but not all items). Dim sum delivery?? Awesome! I'm a huge fan of good quality food that provides consistent good service. My review is based on delivery only, because I've never actually dined in yet. A great option for those that have had a long night partying and cannot even think of going out for food, or if you're just plain lazy. :)Har gow, shui mai, fried crab claw, soy sauce chow mein, and Hong Kong pan fried noodles are my favorite choices. The noodle soups are great too, I ordered wonton egg noodle soup with added bbq pork and it hit the spot nicely.The beef/shrimp rice roll is okay but not great. The other dim sum items are hit or miss so I just don't order them anymore. The rice porridge is very bland, so that is also another item I opt not to order.With that being said, to each their own. This place has many great items to order. A must try for summerlin patrons! Delivery service is fast, friendly, and very efficient.
3	I can't complain,  but not excited either. . Good service, kind people. . Comfortable and quite. . I will give it another try later.
4	I like it when I'm able to order what dim sum I want and they all come out hot versus trying to hunt down the right carts. The decor of this place is pretty nice too. Very clean. Has buncha TVs for sports and stuff to keep you entertained. Food comes out pretty fast too. The only reason I docked off one star is becuz the older guy waiter could be a little warmer with his service. Everytime we said thank you after he brought out something, he would say nothing back.
4	I found my new dim sum place! Good cheap dim sum, the restaurant is spacey and very clean (including the bathroom!) and service was great!
4	This is an update review. So I went again and the dim some was fresh make. Uh it was so god.
5	Ok so for being a dim sum lover I have to say this place kindda gives the main places a run for their money. So it's not the biggest and busiest dim sum place but it was clean the people were nice and the food was GREAT! To me when you go eat dim sum you want to experience the whole cart table service and crazy mad house atmosphere of it was your first time having dim sum ok, but if you just want some food and go about your day then this will satisfy your fix. It's all about the food anyways and they have very good dim sum. The service was pretty fast and you order exactly what you want and it comes out all at the same time instead of waiting for a cart to come by so you can fight for what's left. But here at Dim Sum Cafe you can choose from an awesome menu they have everything and then some just as good as a menu as the busy dim sum places if not better and the prices and portions are perfect. All I have to say is that for an off the stripe local neighbor's location it was just the right place for me. You so totally try it because you won't be disappointed.
5	Well, no more driving to Chinatown for excellent dim sum. Everything was so fresh, tasty and juicy. The duck was great as the skin was crispy and the meat juicy. The egg tarts are as good as I've ever had. It's so nice to have found this place near our home.  We will be coming here frequently.
1	Giving this place one star is quite an achievement for this family owned business. I congratulate them for attempting to try serving people. They are unorganized and and have literally one person working while they entire family is sitting in the back eating lunch. We didn't get a refil til we asked 40 mins after we ate. Two items we ordered were forgotten and we sat in the dinning room looking around instead of eating and enjoying being out. The food was great the only benefit of coming in. Otherwise I would never come back. Ever!!!!!!!!!  Being nice and being efficient in the service is a much. They were only nice.
4	Great quality and customer service! Love that this is on the west side of town too!!!
5	Excellent food, very very clean and great service. The baked BBQ pork buns are amazing! Chive dumplings are best I've ever had. Potstickers are so so, but everything else is fantastic! Highly recommend this place.
5	Love it...Is now a goto for me. Pork buns and duck are great. They have European football on too:) I know where I'm going when I want to watch a game away from home.
4	In so many places across the country (I travel a lot) it is getting harder and harder to find a Chinese Restaurant doesn't serve slop, focus on take out, and expects those dining in to eat with cheap plastic utensils while the owners kids do homework at an adjacent formica table. I so glad to have found Dim Sum Cafe. The atmosphere is clean and comfortable, the food is fresh and well prepared, and the service is friendly and attentive.
