5	Good and very cheap for both lunch and dinner. Best cheap chinese food in the area! Crab rangoon free with lunches. Bought dinner for four people, lo mein noodles, chicken egg foo young, chicken fried rice, and general tso's chicken, and it was less than $30 bucks.
2	I ordered Cashew Chicken and Crab Ragoon for delivery. The crab ragoon was not that bad, but the cashew chicken just was not good. The sauce was so thick and tasted differently than what I am used to. It wasn't horrible, but I've had better from numerous other Chinese restaurants in Madison.
2	I think myself pretty patient, but enough already. I ordered delivery.The food came on time, but it was more expensive than it should have been for lunch specials- so clearly I was charged full price.  when  I went to sign the credit card receipt I crossed out the tip line, planning on tipping in cash. The guy took the receipt out of my hand and before I could pull cash out of my pocket said "no tip? I am loosing money coming here!?" Is it just me or is that really rude? After all that the food is only OK- I ordered the chicken and garlic sauce with fried rice. The rice was too salty and there was barely any chicken. The vegetable lo mein was OK. I will not order here again.
1	I ordered food to be delivered, when i opened up my bag it was the wrong order, i tried calling back but they were closed so i waited and called them the next day and i told them what happened and the guy on the phone was extremely rude and said to call back tomorrow, then he hung up on me. So i called back the next day and the so called "manager" told me he was the one to take my order and that I said the wrong thing and it was my fault... I'm not even kidding; he actually told me that the ordered being messed up was MY fault. I also had gone there a few weeks before that and i ordered in and my Lo Mein had a small wing of an insect sitting on top of it. When i tried to take it back he tried to act like he didn't know what i was talking about.  i have never witnessed customer service as bad as this place.
4	It's near by, it's fast, and it's easy.  It's never exceptional but it's never bad.  They mess up my order sometimes but I've never cared enough to take it back.  It's pretty overall okay.  Nothing phenominal but always hits the spot and I know what to expect.  Service is fast and friendly.  I grab food here once every few weeks and am always "satisfied".
2	Fried rice is very dry and the General Tso isn't really spicy. Portions are pretty good size. Never had them mess up my order which is good. Delivery is on part with other places.
1	I ordered from Great China last night and had the worst food ever. I ordered general tsao's chicken and house special friend rice. The food was delivered 40+ minutes after the order, was barely warm and had little to no flavor. I am also pretty sure the rice was old. For $22 dollars this was no where near satisfactory.  I will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
1	Abysmal atmosphere. White fluorescent lights, sad vinyl booths where you can watch the fish tank of turtles swimming furiously around, wishing THEY were on the menu so they could just stop swimming already, a self-serve water pitcher in the cold case containing canned sodas. Menu/food: Sadly subpar, even for Midwestern Chinese food. Sesame chicken was breading lumps with sketch meat inside (suicidal turtles?) and an orange sauce that wished it were as good as Panda Express's standard, Orange Chicken, egg rolls that were more skin than filling, and pork lo mein than tasted only of salt. The basic flavor of all dishes was... SALT. Maybe those are sea turtles...?In short, this place is like Pong (with a broken screen) when what you want is a Nintendo 64.
4	We ordered delivery here the other night. Our usual chinese restaurant was already closed.  We ordered sesame chicken with fried rice and general tso's chicken with fried rice, both came with an egg roll.  Also ordered the vegitable lo-mein.  It arrived in 30 mins, was hot and tasted pretty darn good.  I was definately expecting worse.  The person taking my order was polite and answered all my questions.  We will definately order from here again!
4	This is a solid place for some fast chinese food.  We always order General Tso's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, Chicken fried rice, cheicken/vegitable lo mein and crab rangoon.  Our order arrives in 25-30 minutes and is piping hot and delicious! for $25, you cant complain. This is our new go-to for Sesame Chicken cravings!  Yum!
1	1) Where's the meat?  These dishes are all veggies and sauce.  Completely disappointed in the quantity of the meat!2) is this meat?  Or is it rubber?  The struggle is real.  Completely disappointed in the quality of the meat.3) what are these flavors? Salt and ginger for the chicken with cashews.  Salt and ginger for the beef in oyster sauce.  Salt and ginger on everything and way too much of it.
