4	I was actually pretty impressed with the service. I went to register for my bridal shower, and I wanted to register at the MAC cosmetic counter at Nordstoms, but they don't have a registry at all, so I went to Macy's. They have a registry, but it's typically for china and luggage apparently, they thought I was a little crazy I think for wanting to register for cosmetics. But they let me and were very accommodating. So I went downstairs and talked to Shauna at the Clinique counter, she really knows what she's talking about. and is very nice. I will definitely be back to see her.Overall, I don't typically visit department stores, feels so 90's or something. But after this experience, I might rethink my patronage.
4	Macy's tends to be consistently good with their customer service, and this location certainly maintained that appeal. I found myself here yesterday because I was meeting a friend for lunch and wanted to get her and her baby a present. Additionally, on Friday night I'd brought home three cologne samples and had our dog, Brady, pick one out for Robert's Father's Day present. (He picked the Roca Wear, which was also my favorite. I love that son of ours.) The lines were long but the associates remained calm. I would have been throwing linens and hangers at people, which is probably why I'm not in retail any longer.There were some wonderful sales going on and I love when the associates make comments about my astute shopping abilities and the savings I just scored.
2	Does anybody work here anymore? I went here for Christmas shopping and wanted to buy a watch. There were about three other customers all ready to buy a watch but couldnt find anybody working that could help us out.
5	I love this store. I love Macy's and this is my favorite location. I have to admit that I probably don't love all Macy's but I definitely love mine. Friendly service, large and clean store, plenty of selection, and great prices. I park at the store and don't ever go into the mall.
3	This store is just as the star system says:  A-OK. When we went a couple of days ago, there wasn't really anyone around to help. I love the sales that Macy's has and this store is nicely laid out, so I will be back.
4	We went to Macy's furniture department to find some furniture for our new place. We were very happy with not only the selection, but the service was great. Most definitely our best sofa hunting experience of the day. The sales person was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable of the product they offered. We think we found the sofa we wanted, but our sales person told us that there will be an upcoming sale in Sept where we can save additional $. Now that is good ethical service. Thanks Macy's! We will be back in a couple weeks.
4	This is one of my favorite department stores.I have my sercret spot to park that gets me pretty close to a door that allows me access to the womens departmet which flows into the purses/bags (good selection) then to shoes (small selection, needs improvement), right into beauty and fragrances (which houses Lancome, my brand, but has dropped escada and that bums me out).Good quality merchandise and customer service.  Remember yelpers, you get what you pay for, so this may be a bit higher than walmart, but it's quality all the way around.
5	I get the warm fuzzies entering Macy's... maybe it's the whole association with holidays and warmth and comfort (Macy's Day Parade attachment).PLUS they carry Martha Stewart home goods (of which I'm a big fan) and I've never NOT seen a sale going on for shoes, clothes, jewelry... you name it.  I have bought so many things here as either gifts or for personal use, you can say I am pretty loyal.Their shoe staff is helpful and will even look up shoes for you off the clearance rack (most store staff don't even care what you think if you're buying off the clearance rack) to see if another size/color is at another store.I would say the only department they lack in is the Lingerie department... tried to find wedding lingerie for a friend and Dillard's had much better selection and variety.
3	I usually prefer Nordstroms or Dillards.  I think they have nicer stuff and are more organized and have better service.  However, I recently discovered that Macy's has a plus-sized juniors department.  I have finally found someplace where I can get mainstream designer jeans (Tommy Hilfiger, Levis, even Seven) in a size large enough to fit my big ol' booty. Hooray! I feel like the prices are pretty much the same as any other department store but they do seem to have great sales regularly.
4	I love Macy's and always have!You can beat a good Macy's clearance.......period. Move over Kohls, when Macy's is having a sale you simply can't beat the price and quality of the items that you find.The INC line is my favorite and it is VERY closely followed by the great selection of Coach products that they carry. I have never seen so much Coach on sale as I have at seen at this location.I am a new fan of the Martha Stewart home stuff that Macy's carries! Nice high quality bake ware and bedding!Staff is friendly and helpful and the store doesn't seem to ever be over crowded. I also love the Starbucks Coffee Shop that they have at this location!Only thing I could say is a con to this particular location is that their women's clothing department is lacking. Since the store is smaller than the other nearby locations they obviously can't hold as much. Even still, I still find that I frequent this location more than any other.
4	Like most Macy's with the exception of the one in nyc, Macy's is an upgraded J.C. Penney's with great sales, fashions, and friendly staff. I gotta admit most of my wardrobe has been bought at Macy's all due to great weekly sales and phenomenal holiday sales. It's my go to department store and a recommendation for many. =)
4	Much better selection of women's clothing than the one at San Tan but everything looks kind of disheveled like it's always in the midst of the days right before Christmas.
5	Sometimes you can get a great deals than other stores!
5	Great dept store. From fashion, housewares, furniture, intimates.
2	Being from B'klyn, it kills me to even "think" what I'm about to write...I can't stand this store!!!  There I said it.  Whew, I feel so much better now!  To be clear, I'm speaking of this store or perhaps all outside of Manhattan (Macy's Herald Square).  Yes I shop online.  It's really the only way to go from my perspective.  It's the going to the store that's the "killing" part!  Is it really too much to ask to have more than one attended register in the entire women's department?  Is it too much to have a salesperson on the floor who knows more than their name?  And what's up with all the sales?  Each week they're bigger and better than the week before!  Macy's, can't you leave shoppers in peace?  How 'bout fewer sales and mean it!
4	I really like this store, they have really nice offers, the staff it friendly and attentive, great to go when they have sales and you can really found any gift for any person here. a lot of stuff to chose from within your budget.
3	I have shopped at many a Macy's in my day but today was not the best experience. I was in need of a very specific item, a black chunky belt to go with a specific outfit. First off I could not find an associate to ask were I could find accessories let alone a black belt.I eventually figured that the belts would probably be somewhere around the jewelry or the purses so I made my way over to the jewelry department. Eventually I found the belts in a very small corner by the purses. The organization was horrible and I probably should have just looked elsewhere but I was running out of time and I just need this particular item. So I started looking through the belts and low and behold I found a gem on clearance. This is where the real issue began.I made my way over to the nearest counter that I found and no one was around. I went to look around the accessory department to see if I could locate an associate. No one to be found. I saw one associate assisting a customer with a purse but I did not want to bug her in the middle of a sale. I figured I would just head to a nearby jewelry counter to make my purchase. I noticed an associate at the Fossil watch counter and I approached her. I asked if I could purchase the belt at her counter and she very rudely tells me that she is with another customer and she will be with me in a minute and that I should just stay put. I did not mind that she was with another customer, I fully understand that but it was the tone in which she said it that was very off putting. Also with so many other counters open at Macy's I did not understand why she could not have suggested that I maybe go to another counter.I did decide that I did not want to deal with that attitude and took my purchase to another counter. This associate saved the purchase for me. She was very friendly, approachable and lovely. She even scanned an additional percent coupon for me that she did not even have to do. So bottom line here that I learned is that there are certain people at this location of Macy's who do not make a judgment on the purchase you are making who are more than willing to help you and also those who hate their job and cannot wait until you leave. Your experience will vary depending on which associate you are assisted by.
1	I live right behind the mall and often shop in-store and online. One time, after I finished shopping and about to leave the store the alarm went off. I stood around and no one came to check the security for me. The girls at the cosmetic department were just hanging around. I had my 2 year old sitting in a $20 stroller with Macys shopping bags on one handle, and the other handle has my open tote w/ no zipper. No one is approaching, so I had to do it myself, $260 worth of cheap clothes so there were 12-15 items, I forgot. After I checked and made sure no security tags I proceed to leave the store. As I was leaving an associate came and stopped me and wanted to check my bags. I told her I checked already and I'm ok. She insisted on going through my bags just to make sure. I told her I have to go pick up my daughter as it was approaching 2:30. She said that it's policy and insinuated that I have unpaid items. I got frustrated because I stood around and had to do the security work myself and no one helped for like 2-3 minutes and now this?? I was so mad I told her to take everything back bc I have to leave. This associate knew I was in a hurry and dragged the procedure. I used to work for department stores and I'm positively sure that when the alarm goes off, all associates are to be alerted and proceed to the help with shoppers' bags. After the incidence, I called the store and explained the whole situation. I'm pretty sure they reviewed the cameras and sent me two $25 gift certificate. Honestly, $50 cannot represent an apology for calling me a thief.
4	This location is a solid four stars. It has a variety of options, is decently organized and clean, and there are staff members throughout to ask questions to, if you have any. We have been through here a few times and it has been consistent.They definitely focus on the name-brand items, and have decent sales and deals if you look around in the various sections. I find the jewelry section / accessories section to usually be the most chaotic part of the store, but it's also one of the places with some of the best deals.Overall: A-Looking for a deal on brand-name items, this would be a good place to look.
5	Purchased a set of Denby dishes. Came in just before closing with my husband. Alexis H. Was so patient and went above and beyond to make sure we found the best price and  pattern. They didn't have dishes in stock...so was thorough showing us everything online !  we want the next set to last longer than those box sets that we last bought! Dishes were shipped to us in 3 days by FedEx  with free shipping!Find this young lady, she's the best!!!
4	Escape the cold outside and spend an afternoon exploring the world's largest store. When you're feeling hungry, pay a visit to the restaurant downstairs and get a burger.
1	I get it- its one of the busiest shopping days of the year. I've been in the fashion/beauty retail industry for 15 years, I get it. After working countless Black Friday's myself, if anyone is sympathetic to associates and the perspective of the employees, it would be me. But, nothing excuses the fact that there is clearly lack of talent available on the sales floor for YES, one of the highest traffic days your store will see all year. Or the fact that the store is so obviously terribly understaffed, or horribly scheduled, that the trash in every part of the store is overflowing with cups and food items- SO disgusting. There was no recovery going on. Thanks, the evening shopper definitely was not treated and welcomed into the store the way I'm sure they welcomed their 6pm shopper on Thanksgiving Day. Perhaps that is what happens to profit-hungry, lack-of-connecting with-customer companies when they put their own ideas of success before their employees needs. It was utterly a disaster and you don't even have to work in retail to see that was the case.I walked in, fully prepared and willing to deal with any lines, tired associates, etc. I had done my research ahead of time, no dilly-dallying, in and out, they can have the commission, I get my couch, done deal. Walking in being greeted by that messy and trash-infested disaster should have been my first cue. Walking thru the home appliances and home goods area was a nightmare in progress......you don't have open boxes of knives on the level where kids can reach- seriously. SMH. I waited in the furniture area for 20 minutes before I finally went up to the one associate and asked for help. She was in the corner, working with one couple while at least 15 other people milled around. Lack of coverage, lack of sales, lack of profit- great equation Macy's. Yep, I walked in, and walked out- no sale. At least the parking lot wasn't full (natch). Not even gonna try another store- online with this Brand forever. Peace out, you just lost dollars and I'm sure I'm not the only one.
