1	This Place Is A Scam If You Are Just A Regular consumer. Before you join this very expensive discount club, make sure you know exactly what you are getting into. Works only if you are planning on putting like $30,000 in renovations to your kitchen or bathroom. The travel program is only good for cruises or all inclusive resort stays. BUT only if you are willing to waste $$$ to join a "club".  Buyer beware THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY!!!! and throw all normal policies of customer service out the door! Got fooled into signing up and paying the membership fee, went home and tried to see how we could in real life use their discounts, realized it was not going to work out, tried to cancel within their 3 day period. Drove all the way back there to get our membership cancelled. After being given the run around, by front office staff & salesperson Peter, was told only Tom (boss?!?) could approve my cancellation and that he was in a meeting and nobody knew when he was coming back. I said I would wait, 15 minutes later Jen (marketing pitch person) came out, made me explain everything in my situation, why we joined, why we want to cancel, and made me feel that she understands my situation. She said she would take care of things and she stepped away. She came back said she talked to Tom (oh all of a sudden Tom is back/available!!!) and that Jeremy (store manager?!?) would process my cancellation immediately and it would take 48-72hours for it to show back as a refund. Well, that was March 18th and today is March 25th.  No evidence of any refund pending on our credit card, no return phone call from anyone at DirectBuy, looks like all false promises and LIES! How can people live with themselves knowing they are ROBBING hard working people from their hard earned money!
1	So here's a business I recommend NO ONE ever visits here in Scottsdale.I got a call last night telling me that I had won a weeks paid vacation and a iPad with DirectBuy travel for a draw I had entered the week before. We talked, and the customer service rep proceeds to tell me that I wasn't eligible because I wasn't 25 yet (I'm 23), but if I brought a significant other with me that was- it would be ok.  He also mentioned that is there was any complication I would still get a $100 gift card to the store.So I rearrange my day, have my S.O take time from work, and I drive an hour out of my way to get to the store, just so the manager there can keep me waiting for half an hour (Tom) to tell me in a VERY un-sypathetic manner that there was a mistake and that I wasn't eligible for anything.  When I asked for the gift card I was promised, he just said there was nothing he could do, and walked off without making an effort to propose any kind of solution.  I then asked the receptionist if there was any way I could give my winnings to be friend that is 25 and she just looked at me like I was an idiot, smirked and said no.  Thanks DirectBuy for that astonishing customer service!  Most likely the worst I've ever had.
1	I received an obvious marketing ploy letter in the mail for a free Android tablet.  Sure am glad I found these reviews on Yelp.  "Clubs" like these were around about 20 years ago, and promised big savings for a huge entry fee.  Yeah the prices were great, but it was all on goods I was not planning on buying anyway. I'm with Kris L on this...unless you are already planning to spend a huge amount on these types of items, stay away.  There's a reason these types of businesses use aggressive marketing ploys.  They prey on the financially illiterate who can be swayed by a freebie, and swoon over luxury goods. Stay away.
4	I first joined in 1999 and have been a member ever since. I joined when I first built my house and used the club extensively to furnish and finish my home saving a lot of money in the process. After that I used it only occasionally but still found it worthwhile as I could buy my mother pieces of Le Creuset cookware for substantially less than I could find it even at the best sale prices. You can also find high quality knives, luggage, massage chairs and a lot more. The club is geared more towards high end, high quality goods, though not exclusively, so if that's not your thing, this may not be for you. I'm now in the middle of remodeling my home and have once again saved a lot of money on furniture, lighting, window coverings and tile. I have been working with an interior designer who can buy most building materials and furniture at wholesale. For some items it was better to go through her resources but for most, we were able to get exactly what we wanted and the best deals through Direct Buy. The showroom is beautiful and well laid out. Ordering is a bit more time consuming than walking into a store and picking out what you want. You need to provide item numbers, shipping weights, specify finishes, etc. but the staff is friendly and more than willing to help you out and the catalogs contain all of the information you need. It's not difficult by any stretch of the imagine, it's just a bit more time consuming and quite possibly heavenly for the detail oriented, OCD types. Allow yourself plenty of time to peruse the vast selection of items and options and it's a cakewalk. Online ordering is also quite easy. I ordered my lighting last Thursday, expecting it to arrive in about a month (it ships direct from the manufacturer). It arrived on Saturday, much to my surprise. Bottom line, if you are building or furnishing a home or doing a remodel with high quality materials and furnishings then it's a worthwhile investment. If you want Ikea quality at Ikea prices, then Ikea is a better bet. Just plan on replacing it all in a few years. And for anyone who considers this ultra high end, please visit Christian Liaigre or Clive Christian.
1	huge scam!!!!!! stay away!!!
2	I think we're done with this place. We joined when we were remodeling our house,  (we were already nearly done) and were unable to buy some of the products they said they had in the pitch. Oh well, cannot go through ALL the books, they only let us see a few. Not being able to see the books is part of their sales scheme. You have to pay to see what you are buying.The first store in Tempe was nice, but it sold, and moved to a crappy location with a crappy showroom with horrible hours, then sold again and is now in N. Scottsdale. The location is ok, and the showroom is nice, but is it going to move again?We bought a few things over the years, and, if the products were better, we would have  gotten our money's worth, but we didn't. We just picked up our second mattress and when we got it unrolled at home (Memory foam mattresses are packed rolled up) found that it was stained with machining oil. No quality control. The first one we bought a few years ago sagged nearly immediately and all we got was run around. It was a more conventional mattress. It will be interesting to see how the store handles this.Update: The staff of the Scottsdale location has stepped up and gotten the manufacturer to agree to replace the mattress and deliver it. The manufacturer only wanted to replace the cover. I'll follow up when it arrives. It took several attempts to get the right parts in for some bikes that came in with damaged parts. I'm really starting to think that the deals are so good on some things because they are probably factory seconds. It wouldn't surprise me as lead times seem a bit long.The only good thing we have bought is Tumi Luggage for really good prices. The Peoria store closed, and I think this one, and all of them, for that matter, will eventually as well.
1	Direct Buy and Sears Vacation. Seemingly two random companies, but they are actually partnered together in Scottsdale. They double teamed at a veteran event I attended to scam people together. After doing further research on both these shady companies, I feel that it is my civic duty to warn people. I will write a separate review about Sears Vacation, but for now, this one is about Direct Buy and their practices.My experience with this company occurred on the 8th of November after the Veterans parade. From what I've observed after watching them after they approached me, they seem to target gullible-looking, timid young women who are alone (even those that are possibly underage) as well as older veterans. At around 1:00 PM, I was minding my own business and checking out the front of a bookstore when I was cornered by two men in black shirts--one from Direct Buy and one from Sears Vacation. I did not approach them. I was in the middle of taking a picture of the bookstore's cowboy poster when they both sneaked up intimidatingly close behind me. Frightened, I jumped. They were extremely pushy and blocked off my way of escape. They quickly mentioned that they were doing a raffle, but instead of asking if I even wanted to join it, they started pummeling me for information, blocking my exit when I'd turn. They were very insistent on getting my full name, phone number, email, and zip code before letting me leave. They had me blocked between an outdoor table and a bookshelf. Since their cornering made me feel imbalanced and frightened, I gave them information to get them to stop interrogating me and let me go. Big mistake. I immediately felt sick to my stomach after this. In hindsight I wish I screamed for help or was quick enough to give them fake information. Most of all I wish I could have just screamed no, I'm not interested in your raffle. Because I wasn't! I just wanted them to leave me alone.I walked further downtown, and then got harangued by ANOTHER Direct Buy community marketer. I told him I already gave up my information to the employees down there, but he wouldn't believe me. He followed me a ways and yelled after me in a mocking tone. Is this acceptable behavior at a veterans' event?I go home later and look up both companies online. BOTH are known as scams. It's not a real raffle. It's an aggressive marketing ploy with trickery in the fine print and their practices. They get your information, call you an obscene amount of times, and once they get you on the line, insist that to get your "free" item, you need to come in for a 2 hour presentation, What you don't know is that it is a pressure sale. Yes, a pressure sale. You are ONLY able to get your "free" item if you sign up for their $5000 club right there and then. They know that if you go home without signing your hard-earned cash away in their presence, they've lost you as a target. They say you can cancel within three days, but if you just google any consumer complaints about the company, it is nigh impossible save getting your credit card company involved with a charge back and fighting the club for months. They claim to offer good deals, but from what I've researched, it's actually untrue. You'd save more money buying elsewhere. Besides, how can you make a sound of mind choice if they pressure you and say this is your only chance, and you're a fool for walking away? Take my advice. If you are considering this company at all, please google consumer complaints about Direct Buy. Why should I do business with a company that harassed me into giving them my personal information? They are known for lack of transparency and aggressive, predatory tactics. Do not give up any information to this company. Again, they use bully tactics to get this information from people who look vulnerable. And ESPECIALLY do not give them any money. You will not get anything out of it, and you may not see it again.Save yourself some heartache. If you see or hear either of these company names, RUN. I implore you, do not be fooled.If they attempt to harass me again and fail to put me on their do-no-call list, not only will I update this review, but I will be contacting the Better Business Bureau and the FTC to report their awful business practices.EDIT 11-12-14// They've begun their spam calling spree. Called me three times so far today (two from Directbuy, one from Sears Vacation). When I pick up, it's silence and then a hangup. When you call back, you don't get a rep but instead a voicemail to leave your phone number (HA) so they can sign you up for an appointment for their pressure sales. I've confirmed both voicemails exhibit the same woman in the beginning for both companies' voicemails.Here are the phone numbers to watch out for: 800-571-4964 and 866-707-8417
5	Direct Buy is a great place if you want to save a lot of money furnishing an empty house. I've been a member now for almost 10 years and love this place!
