5	Cupcakes are trendy but these delicious little treats are the real thing. Each flavour has something a little different. The moist banana cake has a succulent square of fudge wedged on top, the carrot cake sports delicate strands of caramelized carrot woven into a cloud of cream cheese icing and my favourite is the lemon tart, which features an injection of lemon right in the middle and light and fluffy meringue on top. Coffee and cupcake deals are on offer and the cute atmosphere definitely invites a late afternoon rendez-vous.
3	I live in the land of  overpriced cupcakes, and I think have come to terms that I will never be a huge fan of these treats.I do have to say that I opted for plain vanilla to compare to those I've had at all the recent weddings/batmitzvahs/showers/parties I've been to lately..and it measured up as the best of all! If you're into these treats- make sure to mark Petits Gateaux.  I saw some truly unique types for display that I can imagine would call out to cupcake fans around the world.
4	Petits Gateaux is like the Magnolia Cupcake in New York. Their cupcakes are well decorated and make you want to eat every single one of them! I tried two of them, Chocolate truffle and banana cake. Both have great frosting. The cake however, is moist but closer to a cake's texture than a cupcake. If you like the frosting art, you should definitely check it out.
4	Not as decadent as D Liche, but this place still boasts some pretty tasty cupcakes.Like D Liche, they have both minis and normals. I tried two of the specials - Irish coffee and apple - and both were excellent. The Irish coffee tasted mostly like coffee, which suited me just fine! The apple was like an apple muffin, with a bit of pie filling in the center and a merengue-like cream on top. Yum.
4	It was my birthday, and we needed some sort of baked good to mark the occasion. Exhausted after a long day of travel, we stumbled upon Petits Gateaux, which was right down the street from where we were staying. It was near closing, but they still had a decent selection. I had to go with Red Velvet, and it was a perfect birthday treat. The shop is adorable -  it felt so warm and cozy on a chilly fall evening. And the woman behind the counter was nice enough not to laugh when I epically failed at conversing in French. I really wanted to make a return visit, but there are just too many fabulous places in Montreal to get a sugar fix - I had to try as many as possible. On our next trip, though, I'm definitely saving room for a cupcake.
4	Carrot cake cupcake was amazing. We also got a truffle
3	I stopped in at Petits Gateaux during a recent Yelp event, and sampled some of their cupcakes. First, the owner, Mirta, is amazing. She is truly dedicated to her business and to making her clientele happy. I'm not a huge fan of cupcakes but I would stop in on a regular basis just her amazing energy alone. The shop is small, but they offer a very good selection of cupcake flavors as well as ice cream. You can purchase full-size or mini cupcakes.I sampled raspberry-vanilla-hibiscus, red velvet and chocolate cupcakes. The first thing that I'll saw is that these cupcakes are not as rich as other places make them. In fact, they were very light and not too sweet. You could definitely taste the buttery texture in those first bites. My favorite was the chocolate - it was just the right level of sweetness for me, with just a hint of bitterness. Yum! The other two flavors were also good, but I felt they were lacking in flavor just a bit. Admittedly, no one can beat the red velvet cupcake at Les Glaceurs.My understanding from Mirta and her crew was that they use only the freshest ingredients, and they try to keep their recipes simple with minimal use of dye. This is apparent in the lightness and taste of their cupcakes. I would definitely stop in again.
4	I visited Petits Gateaux as part of an event for the Yelp Elite. When you first step in, you can smell the deliciousness (not sure if  that's a word lol)! The staff and owner were very welcoming and really nice! (That's a huge plus for me)We got to sample their cupcakes and ice cream! Simply delicious! My favourite was definitely the red velvet cupcake!Icing: To be honest, I hate icing and usually just scrap it off my cupcakes because it's just too sweet but here, it was just perfect and complemented the cupcake perfectly!I have a birthday coming up so I will definitely be back soon!
3	I realllly really love these cupcakes as they are so unique in the big world of cupcakes. The only issue that I have with them is that they rarely ever taste fresh, and they crumble like they might be a few days old. The toppings though make up for the lack in freshness but they could definitely improve.
