3	Very pricey Chinese food. I am having a hard time paying over $30 per dish for chinese. There are a lot of good/high end chinese restaurants in los angeles and even in Las Vegas China Town. The food are equally good between high end casino chinese restaurants and outside of casino restaurants, but the price for the in casino restaurants are 2-4 times higher. They food are quite authentic, the ambiance/decor, and the service are great, but again, too pricey. If you want chinese food inside the casino, don;t hit the end restaurants, do the more casual restaurants like Red 8 at the Wynn, the Beijing Noodle # 9 at the Caesar, or the Noodle place in Mandalay Bay.
1	Wow, no thanks.  The food here was tasteless.  I tried very hard to convince myself and my table of colleagues that Blossom was aiming for the highly refined palate, and we were to "experience the essence of ginger" in our very bland potstickers.  There was hope in the delicious bowls of vegetarian hot and sour soup (although not very hot and very expensive at $10 a bowl -- more like a cup).  After this, our hopes were dashed repeatedly, first with the kung pao chicken that had no "pao" in it and second with the crispy sea bass that had large pieces of bone.  One person received a piece with vertebrae and hardly any fish meat to try.  I ordered the tofu and shiitake mushroom dish, which on most accounts tends to be bland to begin with.  I enjoyed this the most; the tofu was high quality and silky, and the mushrooms were fresh.  Unfortunately, my table mates were disappointed even with the hot sauces and chiles they requested on the side.  If you like real authentic Chinese food, you will be disappointed by the lack of flavor and the high prices here.Service was excellent, though.  And the tea was very good -- similar to what I have had in Taiwan.It's interesting to note that along with the rest of the ARIA resort, the restaurant is poorly designed.  Everything here is maze-like, with no simple (effective) throughway.  It seems this would be a safety hazard.  What if there was some kind of emergency?  We couldn't figure out how to get out of the restaurant without someone pointing the way, and we were in no hurry.  Further examples of design chosen over function...the automated hand sensor for the faucets in the bathroom is under the sink level and the locks turn the wrong way!
5	Blossom is an absolutely beautiful restaurant inside the Aria Hotel.  The decor was modern with kind of a neo-Asian decor.  This is the type of 5-star experience, where the waitstaff is 100%  there to serve you.  We were welcomed at the door, promptly seated and treated like royalty.  Here you can get your typical Chinese entree for $290 or a bottle of wine for $44,000.  However, we chose several entrees ranging from $20-$30 and our sommelier, Simon, chose a lovely bottle of zinfandel for around $50.I really enjoyed the Kung Pao shrimp, as the prawns were huge and flavorful. Just watch for those dried red peppers.   I also enjoyed the Spicy on Spicy pork dish.  This is more of a formal dining experience than a party place.  I would love to reserve one of the large private dining alcoves with a chandelier next time.
5	Food is a  4 - very solid chinese food.  Service was the BEST I have ever experienced in any restauarant.  We likely had 5 different people serving us, and it was flawless.  Never seen anything like it in my life.  Go just to be waited on like a king/queen.
5	I'm not going to pretend I know anything about high quality Chinese food.  My Chinese food experiences are limited to the likes of Panda Express (usually in an airport) or the good ole delivery variety.  Wow, I have really been missing out.First, I hate how hard of a hit Vegas in general has taken due to the economy, and having the restaurant be less than 25% full on a Saturday night was a sad reminder of the current state of affairs.  But back to Blossom... outstanding service.  Sounds like others have had similar surprise desserts due to a passing mention of a special occasion.  I felt a tad guilty, because it was clear that the waiter misunderstood us... we didn't actually get married that day, we just got our marriage LICENSE that day.  Oh well, we still got a fabulously gorgeous and delicious dessert - for free!Back to the beginning... I actually can't remember what our appetizers were - we ordered several, and I know they were very tasty, but clearly neither were true standouts.  Several of the entrees we ordered were enormous portions!  My mom ordered the sea bass, and it was notably good.  I had the mongolian beef and it was good enough for me to finish the entire thing (despite being on the standard bridal pre-wedding diet, so that says a lot).  My now-husband had a great entree that I can't remember, but nothing special.Overall, we had a wonderful time celebrating the procurement of our State of Nevada marriage license at Blossom, and I hope we'll find an occasion to return soon.
5	We ordered fried dumbling which was really great as an appetizerAnd our orders were BBQ pork chops andOh sorry I forgot what I hadAnyway it's sooooo goodIt's so much  different with usual Chinese food we used to have.
4	Typical upscale Chinese restaurant with very well executed standards, good ingredients and a very decent wine list. Impeccable service. Great decor. No real innovations though and that's why I can't rate higher than 4. If you're staying at Aria and in the mood for Kung Pao chicken or fried ice fish, you can't go wrong. A little overpriced but this is Vegas.
2	Compared to Jasmine at the Bellagio, this restaurant is more geared to American tastes.  I came here for Christmas eve dinner and was not impressed.  We started out with shark fin soup with abalone, chinese herbs, and sea cucumber.  I did not order this soup, so I will not comment on the taste since I am not a fan of shark fin or sea cucumber to begin with.  We then had an array of entrees which included Alaskan King Crab, fish, a beef entree, and a sauteed romaine lettuce looking dish (sauteed at the table in a heated clay pot).All in all service was good (as expected), ambiance and atmosphere was nice, and the food was not terrible.  The highlight of the night was the Alaskan King Crab which was sweet and succulent.  However, I still would not go back to this restaurant.
4	My wife and a number of friends were in town for CES this year and decided to go to dinner at Blossom after getting drinks at Minus 5 in Monte Carlo.  I had never been in the Aria, so seeing the beautiful hotel for the first time was great.There were 10 or so of us dining together at a table, so it was family style dining where each person ordered something and everyone shared.  Here are some of the items that we ordered:Pot Stickers - Tender and tasty. Standard potstickers.Egg Rolls - Standard.  Toasty when fresh.BBQ Pork - Tender and well flavored.Kung Pao Chicken and Shrimp - Tasty, spicy, excellent quality.Pan Fried Beef Tenderloin - Really liked this one.  Great texture and flavor.Beef Broccoli - Standard and tasty.  Two types of broccoli for options.Hong Kong Style Chow Mein with seafood - This was great and went fast.  Lots of variety and nice textures of crispy noodles.Some other type of Chow Mein - Also good.  Not pan fried noodles though.  Good sauce.An interesting note, there is a $44K bottle of wine listed on their wine menu (it's a 1990 vintage I believe).  Hard to justify that, but it was the first time seeing that before.Summary: Food was very good as far as flavors and quality goes.  The service was impeccable.  Very attentive and efficient with ensuring everyone had drinks, food, etc. whenever needed.  The only qualm I have with this place is the price.  It is an upscale Chinese restaurant, and definitely elegant inside, but $30 for beef and broccoli... One can't honestly say that it's worth that much.  So it wasn't.  The dinner was too expensive to warrant it a "good deal," but it was still a nice dinner and good for a large group.
3	My friend and I showed up here pretty late after being out and about in Vegas.  I was exhausted, but starving, so we showed up here for some late night eating.  Our service was a little slow (maybe the servers were as tired as I was), but our meal was pretty good.  Naturally because this is Vegas and the Aria, the place was slightly overpriced, but it was still good nonetheless.
2	Not the best Chinese restuarant on the Strip.  Food was okay tasting and overpriced.  Presentation is good and decor is nice.  Nice looking atomsphiere for dinner but food is better at other places and priced better.
4	Food is not bad here. Had their Maputofu and my fav is the shrimp with walnut..I think I had their kungpao chicken too there. Not bad or Chinese American food, I would come back
5	Blossom is a gorgeous restaurant, with a Chinese modern decor featuring black lacquered tables, very comfortable booths with long and plush rose-hued cushions that provide great back support, and green and orange accents on the seats of small carved Chinese throne chairs and hanging table lamps that look like bottomless bird cages. Flowers and candles at the entrance, and additional flowers on dining table tops as well as some dishes, along with soothing music, just added to the relaxing ambiance. My party of four remained dining in this leisurely comfort for a solid 2-3/4 hours. This long sojourn at the restaurant also helped us amortize the high prices for food items over a longer period of time, which, based on other Yelp reviews, we knew we would face going in. And, yes, the superior quality of the cuisine and service was worth the cost. We opened with an order of 5 nicely-sized pan-fried Pot Stickers Our server called them medium, but they looked large to me. The outer dough was perfectly cooked as a Pot Sticker can be. But the pork on the inside was unusually dense, and almost devoid of any vegetables, which was just a bit off-putting to me. But I made do dressing up the Pot Stickers with a large array of sauces, oil, and other accessories that I had requested. Everything I asked for I received: besides regular soy sauce a thin soy-based sauce, a thick Hoisin-based sauce, XO sauce, a rich and plum-colored Sweet & Sour sauce, Chinese Chili Oil, and matchsticks of fresh ginger. Fashioning varying combinations was fun before inserting large bites in my mouth. But what was even more enjoyable was savoring the very fine, well-assembled Lettuce Wraps that were topped by wonderfully tasty, small boiled shrimps, several of which cascaded down the front of my dress shirt before I noticed. I hardly cared, for the shrimps were bathed in a light and delicate glistening dressing, which washed right off with water. I only regretted that a few tasty crustaceans had eluded me. Next was a small bowl of Hot & Sour Soup. Spicy and delicious! As was my tablemates' Wor Won Ton Soup that I sampled, which  featured a delicate clear broth, large scallop, one giant shrimp, an interesting to behold clear and flexible bundle of glass noodles, and two beautiful filled won tons. For entrees we enjoyed tender, medium-rare pan-fried Beef Tenderloin with Chinese Black Mushrooms in a light brown sauce, which was modified to our taste from the menu offering of pan-fried Beef Tenderloin with Portobello Mushrooms in a Black Pepper Sauce; Hong Kong Style Chow Mein with large scallops and prawns; large Garlic Prawn Fried Rice, and gigantic Walnut Prawns glazed by mayonnaise, accompanied by slightly sticky Steamed Rice. Everything was delicious, if a little bland. But I had the sauces to give the repast before me a greater kick whenever I so desired. The only problem was that as the night wore on, understandably the warmth of the Tenderloin began to ebb. So, I deliberately sought to gobble up this dish as fast as I could. Pots of addictive, very tasty hot Jasmine Tea that were repeatedly re-poured into ceramic cups and regularly replenished by our servers washed everything down. Portions were large and more than adequate; we took a few leftovers home. Not to close such a fine meal too abruptly, we finished the evening gorging on very rich Chocolate Ginger, composed of chocolate-ginger pudding, chocolate mousse, a dark chocolate glaze, a few ground nuts, and a topping of white chocolate orange ice cream supporting a fragile and finely constructed circle of chocolate ribbon, IN ADDITION TO a trio of Mango, Red Bean, and Green Tea Japanese Mochi resting on sleek green leaves accompanied by two half-strawberries and a red carnation. The waitstaff were friendly and as accommodating as I have encountered in any restaurant.  The only error in service delivery that occurred all night was our principal server forgetting to provide separate checks as requested at the time of our initial order, a slight oversight that was promptly remedied.  What is there not to like at Blossom? I highly recommend this fine dining establishment to all gourmands!
5	Great customer service.  Talking about getting a refill when your water is low, this place refills it every time you take a gulp out of it.  And you know how you hardly ever get a "how was the food?/ is there anything else you need?" or get any attention when you're at a Chinese restaurant, well, you won't get that here.  You'll get all the attention you need.  Their BBQ pork ribs are a mouth watering dish, full of flavor and just cooked enough to be tender and not falling off the bone.  Fried Chilean Sea Bass was terrific.  Very expesive place though, I guess it comes with the territory.  So expect to put out at least $100 for party of 2.  Would come back here any day if I have the money for it.
4	I had made reservations here for  my 2 year anniversary with my boyfriend since Khotan @ T.I. closed down. With that in mind, I was searching all over Vegas strip for something similar to it...it was a tie between Social House and here but I decided to go for Blossom @ the Aria because of their menu. Once my bf and i arrived it was perfect...the ambiance, decor, and just everything about the restaurant was beyond my expectations. We were seated in a booth overlooking the whole resturant since I did put in my preferrance of where we would like to be seated. I wanted it to be a little private because my bf and I were going to do gift exchanges. The service here was EXCELLENT! Sometimes resturants treat (esp the more high end kind) will overlook the younger crowd like my bf  i (we're 23) just because I know what theyre thinking..."oh they dont have enough money...theyre not going to tip very well..blah blah etc."  Blossom definitely went against that and treated us so well. We had felt like we were "superstars/celebs" just because they were on point with their manners, professionalism, and custome service. We had several people help us throughout the whole time we were there. Our drinks were always filled w/o asking, wine was served perfectly, great customer service/very polite, food came out promptly and perfectly.I ordered the hot & sour soup as a little apetitzer for myself (which was amazing and legit), my bf ordered the Sauvignon Blanc wine for us (they even gave him a taste to see if he truly wanted it before they poured it right into our glasses)- the wine was chilled & tasted amazing, we ordered the pan fried beef with ginger and pineapple and pan fried beef tenderloin. Everything was delicious, I myself loved the pan fried beef tenderloin a little bit better (it was almost a tie!) than the other dish just because the meat was a little more tender. Overall, it always another plus for my bf & i when resturants make us full - Blossom def. achieved that!We had one of our what 5 servers/waitors (seriously they are ON IT with the customer service, we had so many polite employees make our dinner great) come with the bill who also came with the head manager (I'm guessing) to thank us for having dinner here. He also gave me a complimentary gift! It was a cute box that had a pineapple chinese dessert with two fancy looking green tea bags (seriously they were fancy lookin'). I thought that was real thoughtful and sweet of them. Our bill came out to $114 I believe..and we left them a great tip for making our anniversary dinner as perfect as we wanted to be...but even more! Thanks Blossom!
3	5 stars for decor and ambience c/o Aria100 stars for customer serviceThe menu however didn't quite cut it for me. I'm vegetarian and there wasn't a whole lot on there that peaked my little taste buds. There's the usual spring rolls, fried rice, and soup you can go with but for such a high end restaurant I was expecting a little more. The one thing you absolutely HAVE to try though is their Jasmine tea. It's the most delicious tea i've ever tasted and honestly that almost made up for the menu being not so awesome.
3	This was our first restaurant when we arrived in Aria. We were so hungry we didn't put our bags up to our room. Chilies (see pic) = $6.50Beef Chow Fun = $22Indian Fried Rice = $18Large Prawn in Mayo with cashew = $24Jasmine tea = $5.50/ personTotal $120 for three peopleIf you go online you'll find their menu but no price. Why? Because they're cool like that. No, it's because they want you to come in based on the restaurant decor and let the premium price of beef chow fun slided. It worked on us, or maybe we were butt hungry and don't want to be walking around looking for food.All three dishes were really good. The flavoring were spot on. It wasn't too salty or too bland. Surprisingly this has been an issue with some of the restaurants I've visited. "Sage" which is considered one of the top restaurants in Aria, their food were way too salty. See Sage review when I get to it.Skip to recap, this is a funny incident. So we waited for a friend who lives in LV. When he got to our table the first thing he said, aloud was, "I'm so fucking plaster drunk!" He sat down take a drink of the tea, "Fuck this is good. Hey waiter get me a bottle!" Mind you we never met this guy. Then he waved the waiter over and asked if he can smoked a cigarette, "No sir, there's no smoking in here." "Ok, no problem." The waiter walked a way and guess what he did. Yeap, he lit a cigarette. A second later a manager ran over asked him to put it out he said, "Ok, ok" and pursue to sucking on the cigarette repeatedly until there weren't anymore then he putted it out. Hilarious. I left out something. He offered me a cigarette. I don't smoke don't like smoke but I was done with the food and I like humor and I'm curious. So let's see what would happened. So he and I lit a cigarette. That was fun. I'm sure nobody enjoyed that experience except us. What? I didn't say I'm an angel.Recaps:Food flavor spot onBeautiful restaurant decorExcellent serviceJasmine tea here is the bomb. They probably grab this from heaven. Best jasmine tea I've tasted now that I think about it. Pricing is not heaven send, it's -- wait for it... legendary!!! I'm trying to say that it was very expensive. Beef chow fun for $22?! Where I come from Sam Woo bust that out for $3.99 yo! and the tea was free. But then again your in LV can't do apple to apple comparison.The food were clean and elegant. You can tell the chef/cook got skills. It's not sloppy it's well put together, well timed, well flavors. Well I noticed these things anyway - yeap I was trained and look where it got me, middle of no where. Sorry off topic. I would go back delicious Chinese food. We left a big tip for being an ass. I'm sure we're forgiven. Heck, they even welcome us back tomorrow.
5	This is not your neighborhood Chinese restaurant.The flavors are familiar but the ingredients, their incredible quality, and the respect they are given are not.  There is a balance and harmony to the dishes that make each ingredient to sing.Warning, you're gonna have sticker shock when you first look at the menu (beef broccoli $28, fried rice $20) but do look.  Don't make the mistake I made on my first visit, after winning big in the poker room, I told the server to bring me a house specialty.  Yep, a $300 Chinese dinner for one. For starters, the Crispy fried beef roll and enoki mushrooms and the simple salt and pepper tempura ice fish are delicious.  Both so perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and moist inside.Seafood is where this restaurant shines.  Most items can be prepared multiple ways.  Ask the server for a recommended preparation if you're not sure.  The spot prawn with salt and pepper was excellent.  Incredibly sweet and the head, so clean and creamy.  The giant clam (sashimi style) was delicious.  Clean ocean flavor with a hint of sweetness and some chew.  For the less adventurous, the lobster tail with the spicy XO sauce is a winner.  Layer after layer of flavor from the sweet lobster meat to the spicy, fermented sauce.  Tea works best with the flavors of the food.Note:  Avoid ordering typical Chinese takeout items.  You will end up factoring in the price and then comparing them to your favorite local place.Highly Recommended if you win big and if you are willing to try new things.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! Spot on flavors hitting all the right notes, and superb service. Though pricey it worth it!
3	3 stars for this place mainly because I did not feel welcome here. Place is very high end and fancy, so when a group of 5 kids walk in, they probably weren't sure what to expect from us. Still no excuse to give us shitty service. So one star off for that and another star off for killing my favorite dish.We ordered beef chow mein, beef chow fun, chinese sausage fried rice, yang chow fried rice, walnut prawns and a side of white rice. Everything was flavorful and fresh, pretty good. The dish I was looking forward to the most, walnut prawns...disappointing. Normally those delicious mayonnaise covered prawns with caramelized walnuts are topped on a bed of broccoli and pineapple, but there was no broccoli and pineapple at all! It was replaced with cantaloupe and honey dew instead. I guess that's just a personal taste preference, but enough to take off a star for me.
5	This will be my very first review for Yelp.  I don't normally write reviews because 99% of the times I eat out I am with my husband Dennis T.  Now, for those of you who are familiar with Dennis' reviews you will understand why I don't find it necessary to write reviews.  He says it all, and in a much more creative and descriptive way than I ever could.  Who would want to follow his act?Dennis decided for Valentine's Day that we would eat at Blossom in Aria and follow it up with the Viva ELVIS show.  Excellent choices, but I won't be reviewing either one.  My sole reason for writing this review is to make you and the management at Blossom aware of an excellent server named Jackson V.  Immediately after I was seated he presented me with a perfect long stemmed red rose for Valentine's Day.  That was a very nice surprise, but not the reason for my review.  Jackson was simply one of the nicest servers I have ever encountered. We asked what kind of hot tea they had and after naming three types we weren't sure if we wanted Oolong or Jasmine.  We expressed to Jackson that we thought it was Oolong that we liked and ordered a pot.  After he poured our tea and we both tasted it he inquired how we liked it.  I said it was okay, but I really think I prefer Jasmine.  Without our prompting he immediately went to the kitchen and procured a piping hot order of Jasmine tea and gave each of us new teacups.  Now Dennis has two teacups in front of him and when he went to pour the second cup of Oolong tea for himself he learned just how hot that pot was and spilled the tea in the process.  Jackson and another server immediately appeared to clean up the mess.Dennis ordered potstickers as an appetizer and asked for and received five different sauces to complement them, including a small vial of red wine vinegar.  Dennis did not know to hold on to the top when pouring the vinegar.  You guessed it, the top came off and red wine vinegar was splattered all down the front of his shirt in a curious polka dot pattern.  This time three servers rushed to our rescue.  Jackson left and promptly returned with a glass of club soda and small cloth so we could attempt to clean up his shirt, to no avail.Now I am probably one of the pickiest eaters in the country.  I hate all vegetables (except potatoes if you consider that a vegetable), only eat a couple of fruits, and don't like anything spicy.  Even black pepper is too much for my sensitive palate.  You know how they say your taste buds change every seven years?  Well mine are still stuck at age seven!I ordered the Wor Wonton Soup without any vegetables because Jackson said it wouldn't be a problem and I did receive it sans vegetables.  I ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp without the fruit and it also was presented the way I ordered it.Everything we asked for we promptly received from a smiling Jackson who was not even slightly fazed by my weird ordering style or Dennis' mishaps.  Blossom's management should know what a gem they have in Jackson.  He was efficient, courteous and friendly and Dennis and I will request him the next time we dine there, and I highly recommend you do the same.   By the way, the food was also excellent and deserves this five-star rating.
4	my bf made reservation a month or so back for our valentines day dinner here..since we had a great time here at our anniversary dinner (read my other review for that!)we were standing at podium for a good 10mins b/c there was noone there...so i eyed someone in the resturant to have them someone come over to help us...we waited for 5mins in their lil seating area to be seated...and the service was great but as amazing as it was last time though. we ordered wine, i ordered hot sour soup since it is def yummy, and we ordered the shredded beef tenderloin and shredded pro and shared both dishes...boy! we were full! it was delicious and i recieved a rose since it was vday :) so that was a great gesture!my bf and i would come here yet again..since its prob the only few resturants we would drop money for food on...of course for a special occasion though aha
5	Favorite Chinese place in the world!Places in my top 5 restaurants of all time!Delicious food, very friendly staff!Very expensive though!
4	Really good food. Large menu with a ton of options. Had the kung pao chicken and mongolian beef and both were delicious.
4	Ive been here twice now - once with just my wife, and once with my whole family. Both were good experiences.Ambience is nice, upscale, classy - but not pretentious. Menu has a good selection of standard chinese fare, and plenty of seafood options. The service is attentive and courteous. The food is of good quality, as you would expect for the price you pay. My only gripe is that I wish there was a bit more quantity in each entree for the price. But otherwise, its a great place to try if you feel like Chinese in a relaxed, cozy atmosphere.Oh yeah, the Jasmine Tea, Hot and Sour Soup, and Lychee Martinis are great!
5	Lychee creme brulee!!!A friend and I came wanted to try fancy schmancy places and this past weekend we went to two different places.  Blossom is cute, it reminds me of those Chinese soap operas where a kung fu fight is about to break out at. HAHA.  We made reservations and was seated right away, they were not packed but there was a good amount of people.  The food had great presentation.  We tried:- Lettuce Wrap- Spicy Indian-Style Fried Rice- Walnut Prawns- Beef Tenderloin with Portabella Mushrooms- Lychee Creme BruleeThe food was delicious.  It is definately more tasty than most traditional chinese restaurants.  It is pricier than the traditional places but it is actually slightly cheaper than fancy American joints. Next time we will try the Peking Duck.  You get a whole duck and they slice it in front of you.  We really wanted to get it but one whole duck is too much for just the two of us.We were stuffed after our main dishes but wanted to try the dessert, it sounded tempting.  Boy were we glad we got it! The LYCHEE Creme Bruless is to die for! DELICIOUS! Our server was nice and helpful.  He also joked with us about traditional chinese restaurants.  We asked for sliced oranges and fortune cookies at the end to joke about. :]
3	auto loses a star because asian food should not be this expensive... food was great and the service was good but i just feel like i can get better asian food for a better price elsewhere... next
4	I'm Cantonese and been in US for almost 5 years. Went to Blossom for the first time and was surprised how this restaurant in Aria can be so authentic from service to food quality. Complaint from my boyfriend is that the price is way too high for the quantity. i do agree, but I guess because I miss home food so I didn't mind paying extra.
3	It was pretty tasty food. Great exceptional service. Cocktails were an A+. Definitely dive into their martini menu. I had a Lychee Martini which was delicious especially if you like a little something sweet.
5	This was a great dinner.  Jackson, our waitor, was great!  Attentive without being stalkish.  The food was great.  And we requested a booth so the ambiance was great.
4	good thing i've eaten here before. the food has been amazing but the last time i was here i was so pounded that i remember ordering a vod and cran as soon as we sat down. the next thing i remember is like a snap-shot of my red drink sitting on the white table cloth, then i woke up in my hotel room the next morning...don't even remember eating this time but the food has always been great.
4	This is my new go-to place for Chinese food. It's always a good sign to see Asians  dining in an Asian restaurant too, which is the case here.Off to a slow start waiting 5-10 minutes for a waiter or menu but the service was great after that.  I was dining alone and the entrees are big enough for 2 to share, especially if you get appetizers.I had the hot and sour soup which was great. There are several other apps I wanted to try but it would have been too much food for one person.FYI they only use white meat chicken (the stringy thin pieces all Chinese restaurants use). Be sure to ask the knowledgeable waitress about the dishes. The chicken hot pot says "spicy with garlic and onions." The waitress told me it also has basil and mushrooms and when I got it it had much more basil and mushrooms than onions and garlic. They should make the menu more accurate. It was not as spicy as I expected. I would say 3 out of 10 so if you like hot and spicy ask for it extra hot.  The hot pot is a large portion but I was able to finish it on my own. They charge extra for a small side of steamed rice which is annoying.Overall not many chicken dishes and not too many hot and spicy dishes. Many seafood options and a good number of beef dishes.I also but down into what I think was a clump of dirt or sand which was gross and the texture and grains lingered a bit, very surprising.They have loose leaf tea which comes in a  large pot but with no strainer! Do not only do you get bits of tea in your cup but by the 3rd cup the tea is bitter since you can't remove the tea. I would expect much better than this. The tea was good and the pot poured at least 4 or 5 small cups of tea.I had the Asian sweet mango soup dessert which was refreshing but essentially is a fruit smoothie served with a spoon or the equivalent of melted fruit sorbet. It had a few fruit chunks and was good but I think they could make it more interesting by thickening it or giving it a custard or frozen smoothie texture. They also have French pastry desserts.Overall very good, closer to 3.5 stars. I will be back to try more apps and beef dishes.
3	Food was good but very overpriced.
5	Very good Chinese food! especially the Beijing Duck , So delicious. Even Better than DaDong, the famous Beijing Duck restaurant in Beijing!The service is great too. a little bit pricy, but definitely worth!
4	It was my friends infamous birthday dinner and she wanted the best of the best, chinese style. After some web searches she decided on Blossom. I went along for the ride.We arrived at an awkward time as they were doing a shift change, pretty sure it was 8pm though. So that was random. There were a few dirty tables inside etc but they seemed to be cleaning things up. We sat and no fuss no muss I let my friend order. She wanted the pot stickers, kung pao chicken, and veggie fried rice. Done.Everything came out quickly and hot. The pot stickers were awesome. I've never been a huge kung pao chicken person because of a hatred of peanuts but it was good. The veggie fried rice was delicious.We noticed some gentlemen across from our table had ordered the duck. They bring it out, present it to you and cut up some dumplings and other tasty treats for you to eat. Then they go back and finishing carving. The gentlemen at the table were nice enough to send over some tasty bits for us to enjoy.It seemed relatively relaxed and quiet. With soft music playing. Some couples, families and friends all enjoying a great meal.
4	Very good and authentic Chinese food, but also very expensive.  Portions are small, so order several dishes.  We ordered the oxtail hot pot, noodle hot pot, steamed sea bass and tofu, and the green beans with XO sauce. Being Vegas, I expected high prices, but some of the prices were outrageous.  There was an item on the menu that went for $300.  Our fish dish was $42 and had 5 small pieces of fish that were probably no more than 8 ounces of meat combined.  The best dish was the oxtail stew, which featured succulent pieces of oxtail with carrots and celery in a tangy tomato sauce.  The oxtails could have been more tender, but it was still a successful dish.  Be warned, they charge you $2 for rice.  Lychee creme brulee was also quite tasty.  Bottom line, the food is very good, but the prices are scandalously outrageous.  They must be marking their food up by 500%
3	The food, the service, and the decor are amazing at Blossom. I took my family here during our family trip up to Vegas since my parents are difficult to please. I figured the menu is in Chinese so they can order what they felt was appetizing. Here was the dinner:Goose liver: Absolutely ahhmaaaazing! It's two slabs of liver that is way too much for one person. I think it would've gone well with a small piece of toast, kind of like a spread. But eating it by itself was delicious too.Peking Duck: $80?!?!? but i have to say it was the best duck I've ever had. Super juicy and flavorful. You get to have the skin with the buns and then the rest of the duck is cut up afterwards.Chilean Sea Bass: Pretty small portion but definitely not a dish for one person. The batter was very light and crispy. Bass was juicy and flakey. Spicy Chicken hot pot: Pass. It was a pretty average dish that I wouldn't pay that much for ever again.Sausage Fried Rice: We ordered this just to accompany the other dishes. It was pretty pricey for what it is, but at least it wasn't bad.Beef Chow Mein (crispy): My sister ordered this to compare with another Chinese restaurant she liked in Vegas. She thinks the other place was better. I thought it was pretty good. Very typical but at least the flavors were all there, the beef was tender, and the noodles were crispy and not oily.The water! Omg GROSS! It kind of ruined the meal for a lot of us. I think if the water was better, I would've enjoyed the meal a little more.Service was great. The hosts and the waitstaff were all very polite and attentive. The floorplan was simple and I loved the interior. It was Asian but very modern. I would definitely come back but I'd probably choose their more exotic dishes next time.
4	December 15, 2012.  Walked in for lunch, sat in the bar area.  Very comfortable low profile table and chairs.  Bartender checked in immediately.  After ordering, a gentleman showed up with a little cart and a sushi style menu for various small dishes of dumplings and noodles.  Lots of neat stuff on the cart.  A very nice lunch experience.
2	The food at Blossom was bland, boring and tasteless. We started with green tea, lettuce wraps and won ton soup. I couldn't tell the difference between these items. No joke! Next came the raved-about walnut prawns and chicken chow mein which was, at best, mediocre. The service was courteous and restaurant itself is beautiful, but I'll choose amazing food over atmosphere every time.
4	A Chinese restaurant in Vegas? There's no way they would ever be able to make authentic Chinese food.. WRONG!!I was fortunate to be able to dine at Blossom many times during my stay at Aria, all of which were complimentary. Though I did notice that food could be on the pricey end, it's totally worth it! Their food is as authentic as it could get and I enjoyed it! The servers were very attentive and the decor of the place is amazing.- Hot and sour soup was very tasty and just right.- Won ton soup was also delicious! - We ordered both the maine lobster and dungeness crab, steamed with scallion broth. Of the two, I like the dungeness crab better!- Peking duck was superb with the buns!- Chow mein and vegetable fried rice were also very delicious. I prefer the chow mein though.- Kung pao chicken has just the right flavors.- Beef broccoli is something you can't go wrong with.Worth a trip here!
2	Aria Casino. Dim sum wasn't really good, it was served warm and the other meals that we ordered lack flavor.
3	Food was good, just as with most fancy places the portions weren't huge despite being $30 plus extra for white rice. Left liking the food but not full or overly satisfied due to the portions.
4	Fancy Chinese restaurant located in Aria with some amazing dishes on the menu. My husband and I had dinner here before heading to Zarkana upstairs and weren't sure what to expect. I was craving some Asian food and the menu looked amazing. We ordered the lobster fried rice and Jian Bo Beef. Winning combination. The beef dish had tons of flavor, lots of sauce, and cooked to perfection. I couldn't stop eating it! After we stuffed ourselves silly, our waiter gave us a small complimentary tea gift set! No idea why. Maybe because it was our first time there? Maybe he just liked us? Whatever the reason, we thought it was a very sweet gesture and will return here next time we're in town!
4	I chose this place to have a "rest" from the steak meals that the husband required on our recent trip.  I knew that if I had to go 4 nights without some kind of rice, I would go into shock.We went with the tasting menu, which for $79 each, is a STEAL!  We started with the shrimp/scallop/won ton soup (yum!), then we each received an appetizer plate that had a beef roll (like an egg roll, but better), a dumpling (pork and not too oniony) and some fried eggplant (tempura batter).  All of this was great and the husband even ate the vegetables!Main courses were crispy fried sea bass, a delicious prime sirloin, baby bok choy and combination fried rice which was some of the best fried rice I have ever had.  Husband got a bottle of sake and I went with an Albarino.  Dessert was the usual mochi icre cream which I don't like no matter who is serving, so that is the one star off.We got the complimentary box of pineapple cake and tea at the end as well - a very nice touch.
5	My friend is a vegetarian, so we chose this place because there are plenty of vegetarian options on the menu. The food was authentic and excellent, especially the duck.  The service was excellent as well.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Excellent upscale Chinese restaurant.  Our waiter was very attentive and helpful, and the service overall was great.  I was amazed by the Oolong tea - it was the best I've ever had. It kind of opened my eyes to how good tea can be.We ordered the half BBQ duck, Chinese sausage fried rice, Kung Pao chicken and a shredded pork dish. The BBQ duck was delicious, by far my favorite item.  The shredded pork with vegetables was also good, but the fried rice was just ok - nothing special.  I didn't try the Kung Pao but was told it was very good.  They have a lot of specialty seafood dishes as well that cost upwards of $100. Next time if I win big at the casino I might try them! Definitely worth a dinner here in any case.
4	The hostess team was clueless but the inside wait staff was excellent.  Food was above average and service was on point. will return.
5	The food and service is second to none!  The best Chinese food I have ever had!  I took my father in law for his 60th birthday and he was extremely impressed!    I heavily recommend Blossom!
1	meat is not fresh, the fish smells like over 80 years old. So terrible
4	Showed up without a reservation and they seated us quickly.  Nice table.  Excellent service.  Placed the napkin in my lap.  Waited on us hand and foot.  Everything was delicious, though typical Chinese food.  We ordered the basil chicken, a beef dish, and the walnut prawns.  Elegant setting.  They even gave us a gift box at the end.This was a highlight of our stay.
4	Very good Chef's tasting menu.  Great service and great food.
5	This place is great. Super classy and tasteful with some of the best service I have ever had. The food was delicious and a great wine selection as well. Next time I am in Vegas I will be dinning here.
5	There are only two things I remember here: exceptional service and exceptional Peking duck.  It was so good we ordered two. You have to get the duck!!
4	This is the type of smart restaurant establishments thats opened up in Vegas for all the high roller Asians thatve come from Asia or locally that are sick of going to Chinatown to get their Chinese food fix. Its also a beautiful, sophisticated ambiance, great for impressing a group of Business clients or date night. The food was pretty good, but the ambiance made up for it.The best was the Garlic Prawn fried rice. Im always impressed when fancy restaurants could make a simple dish taste so unique and enjoyable without packing on the salt.I had also asked for a side of XO spicy sauce that i noticed they had on the lobster fried rice. This sauce is AMAZING as a spicy kick to your dishes, or for me, just devoured that plate as a side dish. Theyve made this in-house with dried shrimp and scallop. I will warn you though (since the waitor didnt), that they will charge you 6$ for this. But i found it well worth it if youre a Spicy/Seafood lover like me.The next best thing thats a must is their "Steamed Seabass & Tofu". That fish tasted like pure butter, melted right in my mouth, atop the soft tofu, finished with thin slices of scallion, spices & black bean sauce.The other dishes we ordered that were pretty good, but not "MUSTS" were the Beef tenderloin with portabella mushrooms (quality beef, but too salty), pan-fried beef with sweet ginger & pineapple and kungpao chicken.Id highly recommend this place!
5	Broccoli &beef, best we ever had. Service, excellent. Lettuce wraps, prefer PF Chang's but then, I'm a gringo. Price, high but it's Vegas.
5	Love this place! My boyfriend and I love taking our friends and family here when we go to Vegas. We have always had exceptional customer service, staff is very kind and friendly and we always enjoy the food here. It is on the higher end of your budget, but it's completely worth the money. Portions are large and drinks are strong!
5	One of the BEST Chinese restaurants Las Vegas has to offer!  As any Foodie knows, Las Vegas is home to some of the GREATEST restaurants in the country, Blossom is NO exception!  I have dined here twice and both times received EXCELLENT service and OUTSTANDING dishes!  My second time here I treated a few casino hosts to dinner that have never been here and even they were impressed!  The decor is ultra modern, very comfortable, and spacious.  From the moment you sit down, the great service begins from Blossom's friendly and courteous staff.  You will NEVER need to flag anyone down, they are aware of your every move and will anticipate your every need before you have to ask, thus allowing you to enjoy your meal, drinks, and company to perfection!  THE FOOD:There are many great dishes here, and truth be told I don't believe you will ever have a bad meal here.  For starters I would recommend the Egg Rolls with Bell Pepper, Pot Stickers (Pork), BBQ Back Ribs, and their Hot and Sour Soup!  Any and all of these will be sure to please any taste palate and prepare you for amazing main courses to come.For main courses, you can again, order many dishes that are large enough to share family style.  The Peeking Duck may be a bit pricey, but it is very good and served in wraps (A bit different than the norm, but VERY good)  I also recommend the Mongolian Beef, Kung Pao Chicken, and Beef Tenderloin in Black Pepper Sauce.  All are excellent dishes!  THE BOTTOM LINE:Blossom is at the TOP of my list for Chinese dining while in Las Vegas, this place is consistently EXCELLENT in both food and customer service!  The ambiance is both inviting and comfortable, and allows you to hold conversations among your party at a reasonable level without having to shout.  Enjoy!
4	This is a high end Chinese restaurant that has great service and very good food.  Be prepared to pay a premium price for rather small portions.  You might need to order 2 dishes per person if you are at all hungry.  The food is really good with high end ingredients.  The mongolian beef was spectacular....I would recommend it.
4	Great service, great food and a disdainful hostess ( minus a star !) was our experience at Blossom .Walked in on a Monday early evening with the baby and husband . The prior day we had checked with the hostess ( a different one... The nice one ) if it would be okay to bring our baby . She had assured us it's ok as long we take care of her if she gets cranky (very reasonable and fair). We had also what time slot is the slowest for them. The Monday hostess gave us a look when she saw our baby. The restaurant had a total of 4 tables occupied while we were there included us and another family with a baby. On asking if they had a high chair , the Monday hostess sarcastically replied we need to sit down before someone can bring it over , which was very off putting. Thankfully every other server after her was wonderful . They put us and our lil one at ease.We had the egg rolls, garlic prawn fried rice and Kung pao chicken. The fried rice was amazing. A lil box with tea bags and pineapple cake accompanied our bill.Would definitely love to come back here and try out other options.. Just not on a Monday !
3	This place definitely has some authentic and delicious Chinese food.  It was great to see that the majority of the workers speak Chinese and that the menu is in both Chinese and English.  The service is superb and I love the little box of pineapple cake/ tea that they offer you with the check.  So why only three stars?  The place obviously has a very Americanized menu with the typical Kung pao chicken and Mongolian beef, and everything else you'd expect to see at pf changs.  I was not impressed with the overpriced duck for 39 and could not believe Peking duck would be 75?!  A table next to ours ordered it and it looked great and I loved the table side prepping and serving but am still dumbfounded.  The duck had a little too much fat for my liking but the food overall is very well done.  I LOVED my drink that had a kick of chili in it, long life something or other?  Anyways, good place if you are craving authentic Chinese food but expect to pay the typical Vegas prices!
3	Great foie gras (or to us Asians, just duck liver).  Prepared very well and good portion. Veal cheeks are unimpressionable. Chinese broccoli were fresh and cooked well. Seems like a more fancy place for white people or business meetings. Good service. But nothing stood out too much or at least nothing I can't get (besides the duck liver) at other Chinese restaurants. Drink and dessert menus are on their iPads. But the iPad seems laggy.
5	Had dinner with 7 friends here on a Sunday night. Service was prompt and timely. We shared 5 entree's between us, 2 rice and noodles. It was more than enough. The food was fantastic, highly recommend the Mongolian beef. Everything was amazing. Must try.
4	Overpriced Chinese cuisine located in Aria Hotel. Your visit should be enjoyable if you know what to order. There were five of us. We ordered soups (corn chowder, 3 hot and sour, and a tofu and mushroom). My tofu and mushroom soup wasn't very good. The broth was salty and tasted like the canned chicken broth.      On the other hand, the steamed spot prawns were to die for. These prawns were the size of my pointer finger all the way down to the end of my thumb (and I have big hands). Don't forget to slurp all the ocean-y goodness from the head. I feel cheated though because I was told they would have eggs in them. They must not be in season. They were mild, fresh, and sweet. Loved their condiment with spicy peppers soaked in soy sauce. Watch out, it's spicy! We ordered two pounds, roughly about ten pieces.      We also ordered the tempura fried ice fish with salt and pepper. Salty but anything deep fried will always taste good. Next was the Peking duck served with buns and wrappers. There was nothing special about the duck. Pretty standard duck, I'll pass on it next time. Chinese sausage fried rice and garlic ong-choy (spinach family) were also just mediocre.      Steamed red cod live fish was HUGE. A whopping four pounds ($48/LB). The fish was steamed with soy sauce, green onions, and probably garlic and ginger. The flesh was flaky, sweet, and the sauce complemented the fish well.      The damage at the end was over $600 and that's without tip. Oh yeah, I had a Stella just one! Overall, the meal was a well-rounded meal. Service was great. Overpriced for sure. Next time, I would order a few specialties like the spot prawns. Everything else you can find cheaper off the strip. Last meal in Vegas, see you next time.
2	hostess was rude, overpriced, don't waste your time and money.
4	Blossom is all about the little things.  How the server (Danny in our case) remembers you from a year ago... and where you sat.   How the hostess notices that you've got dark wash jeans and asks if you want a black napkin, instead.  How they serve hot towels (not cheap napkins) to wash your hands.  How they don't have to ask if you need anything (e.g., more water) since they're able to anticipate things in advance.Great food. Great service. Always a great memory.
5	This place is excellent.Peking (Beijing) duck: crispy flavor skin and wrapped in the Chinese tortilla wish hoisin sauce. God damn it was great. I had it in china and the taste was comparable. If you want to try the Peking duck then you will jot be disappointed!! Maximum flavor.Mushroom appetizer: there's a mushroom appetizer they make that is really good. Comes out infused with some candy glaze that just takes over the flavor. It's great.BBQ ribs: perfect. Not overdone or slimy or anything. Color was a deep red, candy like. Just perfect!! Also I have to add that the service was great. They knew not just how to help us order and suggest items but also they did a great job at controlling the tempo if how the food came out to us. Everything seemed to flow out at a great pace dish after dish and all prepared and ready right when they brought it to us. Nothing we ate had the notion of being under a heat lamp or anything like that. I have to mention his because the amount of dishes we ordered would be challenging even for a experienced waiter to be able to time for us. Oxtail was great, nice consistency on the sauce. Meat was falling off the bone too,Spicy chicken was really good. I can't put a finger on the flavor in it but it had an aromatic smell/taste so unique and good I keep thinking about it.Drinks: the family ordered singapore slings and they were very good. Not too sweet. I ordered Hendricks and tonic and it was strong with a nice lemon garnish. Prepped nicely.Chinese dinner was a hit at this one. I'll definitely do it again. I'll order Peking duck, mushroom appetizer and the soup.The soup: I didn't order it but my mom did. I have I add it's awesome because the simple fact her noodles were literally tied in a knot. It was pretty nice touch. Impressive.
4	Had a hankering for peking duck and searched restaurants along the strip for the best place. While yelp stars for Blossom wasn't the highest, I still selected Blossom based on the treatment of the duck. I was looking for table side carving with lots of crispy skin served with steamed buns. And while Blossom did this well, they also took the rest of the duck back to be chopped up as a duck entree. This was okay, but I was hoping for a larger serving Peking duck style with buns/wraps than just regular duck to eat with rice. We actually got our Peking duck served with both buns and wraps - the sauce was tasty and the cucumber/onions were fresh and crunchy. It was yummy and reminded me of similar experiences eating Peking duck in Bejing.In addition to the duck, we had the hot and sour soup (spicy and tangy, one of the better hot and sour soups out there) and sauteed pea shoots (simple yet executed perfectly). For drinks, I tried the Blossom cocktail, which consisted of a ginger/lemongrass infused soju, rock sugar, and was served with a Thai bird chili. It was very flavorful and I wish I remembered the rest of the ingredients! Definitely give it a try.All in all, Blossom was fine dining at its best. Go for the experience. You won't be disappointed.
4	I really felt like I was in China when I was at this restaurant! The peking duck was very very yummy. Everything else we ordered was alright, although I don't get that excited about fancier Chinese restaurants. Service was great though!
5	very chinese style~
5	Best meal I've had in Vegas. Beautiful food and fantastic service too. Highly recommend the peeking duck which is beautiful. But that being said everything was lovely.
5	We were looking for a place in Vegas that served Peking Duck with the buns and found Blossom on Yelp. It's located inside Aria Hotel and although I've stayed at Aria several times, I've never seen this place, it's kind of hiden. Once found, I thought it was so beautiful, definitely and upscale restaurant. We of course ordered the Peking duck which was $79 and you have a choice of it being served with wraps or buns, I much prefer the buns. They brought the whole duck to our table and carved the duck skin in front of us then place them on top of the buns. It was delish, better than the ones I had in Beijing a couple of years ago. We also ordered the Braised Shark Fin Soup, which was on the chef's special menu for $148 a bowl. The fins aren't shredded, you get the whole fin, this serves one but we split it and it was fulfilling since we also ordered other items. Next was the Eggs and Dried Scallops fried rice which was about $25 and an order of Lobster with Garlic and Ginger, this was fried to perfection at $120. Every single thing we order tasted really good, high quality food, fine dining at its best.  The service was also top notch, I used to go to Jasmine for Asian Fine Dining but this is my new spot,  I highly recommend this place!
5	The best chinese restaurant in Aria..I loved the crab and the duck is a must..for desert mochi ice cream very good after night of drinking
4	All the Yelp reviews led me here to Blossom. My partner and I were celebrating our 3.5 year anniversary, so we wanted to splurge and find a place with good eats. Everyone had something positive to say here and so we decided to check it out. We made a last minute reservation and thus, seating and dining was quite effortless from there. This restaurant business is tucked away from the hustle and bustle of drunks and gamblers (aka away from the slot machines and card tables). You'll know you're going the right way when you see the golden statue/fountain right out front.We were a little hesitant to get Chinese food in Vegas, but we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the meals at the ARIA so we decided this place had to be just as good. And we were RIGHT.Our meal consisted of:- the Walnut Prawns- the Beef Chow Fun- Stuffed Crabcakes/Meatballs (I think)- a vegetable dishIt's been awhile since I was there so it's kind of hard for me to remember all of the details. But the Walnut Praws were my favorite part of the dinner. They were so large and succulent, my tastebuds were watering. The Crabcakes/Meatballs were very thick, but the sweet and sour sauce they added made it a lot easier to eat, and enjoyable too.The hostess and our waiter were all excellent. They provided us with water all the time, asked us if we were okay or if we needed anything else, and so kindly wrapped our leftovers so we could take it back to the hotel room.I'd definitely recommend this place if you want upscale Chinese food. The pricing of each dish here is rather on the more expensive side of Chinese cuisine. Expect to pay between $20-30 for each entree you decide to get. Sharing it family style makes it a lot more manageable and tastier too!I hope you enjoy this place as much as I did!
5	Items Selected:Sacred Fruit - Vodka, Lychee, OrchidGoose Liver - Touch of Black Pepper, Daikon, CarrotsGolden Seafood Medallion - Cream Cheese, Shrimp, Crab Meat on ToastWalnut Prawns - Topped with Mayonnaise, Candied Walnuts, over Winter MelonsPeking Duck - Carved Tableside, Hoisin, Bao, WrapsSesame CookiesDim Sum Dumplings - Cinnamon, Sesame, Coconut with Kahlua Cream, Chocolate and Passion Fruit DipsPineapple Cake and Tea TakeawayHaving spent the vast majority of my life in Ohio and thus isolated from most Asian cultures save for during my travels I'm embarrassed to say that prior to relocating to Las Vegas I'd never truly realized the grandeur of the Chinese New Year, a fete celebrated by nearly 20% of the world's 6.5 billion people, but vowing to remedy this situation through both a literature search and at least a couple meals commemorating the Year of the Horse it was with good fortune that I found a friend happy to join me at Aria's highly praised Blossom on Saturday night.  Seemingly a cuisine underappreciated by many Americans, or at least most frequently enjoyed 'on the cheap,' yet one whose bold flavors I'd previously seen brought to new light by exemplary ingredients in both Toronto and New York it was just after 7:30pm when my friend and I arrived for dinner and seated at a plush two-top given full vantage of the room's center dining area it was with stellar service from a team of at least a half dozen that the night progressed; a cocktail, quartet of savories, and a single dessert plus complimentary cookies served in three courses with every plate stunning in quality, quantity, and presentation.  Starting off with a duo of creamy true/goose foie gras with pronounced sapor balanced by light pepper and seared caramelization served alongside four "medallions" melding concepts of Crab Rangoon and Shrimp Toast it would be difficult to name another spot in the States to find a better version of either, yet progressing to the 'main course' it was soon that round one disappeared to the ages as Chef Chi Kwun Choi's farm raised Peking Duck arrived tableside to be deftly carved and plated by a veteran service team claiming to have performed the ritual "at least two thousand times," the crisp and meaty skin placed delicately on bao and in pancakes with crisp vegetable and aromatic hoisin before the rest of the bird was taken to the kitchen to be disarticulated, deboned, and presented hot, supple, and ever so rich.  Rounded out with large, lightly fried prawns and candied walnuts topped with delicately honeyed mayo over chilled winter melons and finally six small dumplings filled with silky Kahlua cream plus a duo of gifts for the table it would be easy for me to say Blossom was the best Chinese restaurant I've experienced to date but taking it one step further I'd place it amongst my ten best meals in Las Vegas; food, room, and service rivaling some of the French, Spanish, and Italian Masters at a slightly more favorable price point.
5	Probably the best Chinese food I had in a long time. The decor is very classy!! Servers are friendly and they really do give good recommendation for the food. I personally  recommend the enoki mushroom wrap with beef and Seabass!!! Oh I almost forget, they have the best garlic prawn fried rice I ever had!! The price is decent!!
3	This is a high end Chinese restaurant in the elegant Aria.  Good Chinese food can be found every where and with a great value.  So, if you're going to be a high end place, it better be great.  It wasn't.  It was good, but for the price, I didn't see or taste anything exceptional.  The decor and atmosphere as well as the service was extremely nice.  I just wish the food matched it.
3	Pretty good meal. We got a set menu, but it seemed like about half the dishes were good, and half weren't. The fois gras was delicious, the wok fired beef was too tough. The lamb chops were great, the shrimp was bland. The Peking duck was great, the shiitake mushrooms tasted like beef. Clever, but not something I want more of.
4	Pretty good dim sum for in a hotel!
5	I would definitely recommend this beautiful restaurant! our server Daniel was absolutely amazing... he made our night. He was so helpful and polite. The food we ordered some of them were good and some of them were just okay. 5 stars for the service! :)
3	Great service beautiful setting and scenery. Food is not worth Arias name attached to it.
3	Good but not great. Seating hostess was lovely and accomodated out move due to a screaming infant ( at 8pm! seriously parents??) The waiter was witty and very on the ball with water refills etc. Dont bother with the wonton soup, its bland and the broth is not homemade and at $14 for a small bowl very not worth it. The mongolian beef was good but bland and the garlic prawn fried rice was also good but bland. Not sure if theyre catering to a las vegas tourist crowd by bland-ifying all their dishes but there you have it...good but bland and not cheap! While the staff were great we wouldnt go back.
4	Consistently exceptional. Fish and Chinese greens was delicate and delicious. Sauteed mushrooms outstanding. Mixed vegetables included a wide variety and all good. Shrimp and garlic sauce included 8 large prawns and was tasty, but not worth $60. My friend had pot stickers and beef chow fun - both teeming with flavor. The menu was Cantonese and overpriced, but no more so than other hotel restaurants.As for atmosphere- elegant but nondescript. Service was fine. 4 stars.
4	I love to eat Chinese while I am in Vegas and this place is no exception.  When you order the duck,.  makes sure to ask for the them to take the bones and make you a soup.  This soup is by far the best duck bone soup I have ever eaten (Including in Hong Kong). The noodles here were delicious they were chewy and perfectly prepared.  Everything on the menu is divine but pricey.  Not a bad choice if you did well at the tables that day.  A well worth gastronomic splurge!
5	I went here several times awhile ago they deserve a good review ! Beautiful fine dining restaurant !  Great host server and atmosphere ! a group of 4 we had lettuce wrap,  BBQ pork, war won ton soup, double order of steamed large prawns with eggs The best ! Cooked perfectly ! Live steam sea bass another great dish, Peking duck with steam bun,  sashimi gaint clam, garlic prawn fried rice and pan fried ong choi garlic. Excellent food ! Highly recommended !
5	Absolutely spectacular service and delicious food. Blossom knocked it out of the park. I can count on one hand the places that I've been with this level of service. Our server was incredibly helpful and welcoming. He was clearly invested in us enjoying every aspect of our experience in the restaurant, and there were ample support staff to make it a flawless experience. It was pretty formal, but I still felt like I was being cared for as if I were in someones home. We got some great vegetable dishes to share and my boyfriend got a noodle dish as well. Everything we got was delicious. The portions weren't gigantic for the price, but everything was so good that we'd definitely go back. The atmosphere is pretty spectacular, too. Going to Blossom was one of our favorite aspects of our trip to Vegas.
5	Don't come here looking for cheap , MSG laden, buffet style Chinese, they only serve awesome al a carte  style dishes.  This place has some of the best Chinese food. Ample portions , good quality cuts of meat (chicken and beef is what we had)  and lots of vegetables. We each ordered a dish with a side of fried rice. I would recommend ordering just one dish per couple along with a fried rice dish. Everything was fresh. Service was absolutely outstanding. Not overly intrusive but right there when you needed some water or other amenity. Very personable and answered every question. I will make it a point to come back here again in every trip to Vegas.
5	Excellent experience- one of the finest restaurants we've been to in a while!The hostess and wait staff are very attentive and formal- service was top notch. The ambience is serene and upscale- you know you're in for a high-end dinner.I had the tempura fried Chilean sea bass and my girlfriend had the seafood chow mein. The sea bass was amazing- moist on the inside and lightly fried on the outside. The portion was very generous- no need for an appetizer.  The chow mein was likewise amazing- flavorful and with scallops, shrimp, fish, and squid.We also got tempura fried string beans, which were good.It's pricey, but you get what you pay for, which in this case was amazing Asian food. We'll be back in a future Aria visit.
5	extremely great service and equeally great food!
5	Great service and incredible food!  We wound up here for a business dinner without a reservation and were really surprised that this place wasn't packed.  Our entire party was pleased with the quality of food we got.  We started with the tempura ice fish and the beef roll with enoki mushroom.  Both were spectacular (although how can a pile of little fried fish be anything but?).  Everyone ordered their own entree and didn't really share, but for me, the steamed sea bass on tofu was a great follow up to the heavier appetizers.  The sauce sufficiently allowed the sea bass to shine through.  The fish itself was perfectly flaky.  The tofu added more substance to the dish while not making it heavy.  Can't think of any way to improve this one!  The service was also impeccable.  We were never waiting for drinks and the waiter was always right there if we had a question or wanted to order something.  Even though he was very attentive, he didn't hover.  All in all, a great experience and a pleasant surprise.  If you are looking for some authentic Chinese food and don't want to venture off the strip, add Blossom to your list of options.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Very good high-end Chinese food in Las Vegas.  The decor was classy and original.  The service was attentive, personal and unobtrusive.  The food was perfectly presented and prepared.  The price was appropriately high.  It's definitely worth a visit if you're at Aria, but not quite worth a trip if you're staying elsewhere..
2	This restaurant is located within the Aria hotel complex.The interior of the restaurant is tastefully decorated, but the atmosphere is a bit "sterile".The service is not very attentive and friendly.The menu is extensive, but very similar to average Chinese restaurants.The wine list is only available on a tablet, and is extensive, with all price ranges.The food is severly overpriced, especially the seafood dishes. The food is tasty, but nothing really special, as expected for this price segment.,A general impression: average quality and highly overpriced. I do not recommend it.
3	I'd give a 4 or 5 star, but we called for a reservation for 13.  When we got there, they had put two round tables together for us.  Two round table didn't fit 13 people.  We asked if they had rectangle or square table they said no.  They did have a private room to fit 13 people and the minimum was over $2,000.  They waived the minimum, which was nice, but even in the private room, we sat at two round tables, separate.  We ordered separately, the food didn't come out at the same time, the drinks didn't come out of the same time, etc.The food was good.  I guess it's not good for big groups.
4	For our second Restaurant Week meal, benefitting Three Square Food Bank, we dined at Blossom inside Aria. My brother joined us. He's matured so much over the years and I'm happy to share my love of food with him. It's something he's definitely come to appreciate. He used to eat nothing but chicken fingers and BBQ cheeseburgers. Now, he can find the value in a good meal and I respect his willingness to try new things. Blossom receives little attention, yet reviews for the restaurant are pretty solid. Prices are steep, but in line with other fine dining Chinese restaurants. The restaurant has a lovely quiet ambience tucked away near Baccarat. Service was attentive. The Restaurant Week menu offered dinner for $50.14, we were started with Wor Wonton soup, then we had the choice of Pot Stickers or Shrimp Toast for appetizers, followed by entree selections of Crisp Fried Chilean Sea Bass or Beef Tenderloin with Portabella Mushroom, served with Pork Fried Rice. Dessert was Mochi Ice Cream. We sampled all that was available. The Wor Wonton soup had large shrimp, scallop and two wontons with broccoli and mushrooms. The broth lacked depth, flavor improved with a spoonful of garlic sriracha. The Potstickers were large and nicely prepared, but it was the Shrimp Toast that were memorable. Each bite was so buttery it seemed to melt in your mouth. It was a pleasant surprise. Chilean Sea Bass is my second favorite fish, so I was very excited to dig in. The filet was deep fried and it had a nice tempura crust, but I found it unfortunate that the breading overwhelmed the natural flavor of the fish. Still, it was beautifully presented. The BBQ Pork Fried Rice was nicely done, but the flavor was a bit mild for my taste. Another spoonful of sriracha, gave it the kick it needed. The Bok Choy was fresh and tender. The Beef Tenderloin was bursting with flavor from the black pepper marinade. It was a tasty dish.Dessert concluded our meal with Mochi Ice Cream, Green Tea and Mango were the flavors. I usually enjoy green tea ice cream, but the mango was a strong favorite. It was light with bold refreshing flavor. The Mochi was chewy without being too gummy. When asked how he enjoyed his meal, my brother replied, "It's fucking weird, but I like it." Just like that another foodie is born. Blossom was a great choice for Restaurant Week, it's not likely a restaurant I would have chosen otherwise. However, it was a nice treat and it left me drooling over their peking duck and dungeness crab on the regular menu.
4	Went here during LDW 14 and I have to say the food is here is pretty goo.d If you're looking for a family style serving then this is the place for you.
3	Blossom is a high end restaurant located in City Center at the Aria. The restaurant looks beautiful and it really sets the mood for an intimate dinner. Waiters and guest are most definitely at the top of their etiquette. Table setting was decent to me and their menu look beautiful. However, when opening their menus, I was blown away that their menu wasn't entirely expensive. Yes, they do have dishes that cost between $50-$200, but they also have a wide variety of dishes between $10-$40. I went to this restaurant with a few other people and we decided to eat family style. We ordered a bunch of rice dishes like Walnut Prawns, Clams, Bok Choy, Choy Sum, Seabass, Duck, Beef Tendon, Duck Tongue, and Fried Rice. I had to say though, the presentation of the dishes was not all that great. They seemed to just placed the food on the plates and bring them out to the table. Plus, they did not clean the plates before serving.....what kind of high end restaurant doesn't clean their plates?!? The portions were small, but it was expected. Now the food, it didn't have the flavors that stuck out to me, in fact, a lot of dishes tasted bland to me. The only dish I actually enjoyed was the duck, I was actually surprised that this dish wish tasty and the texture was just right. Overall, if I am going to pay hundreds of dollars to eat an expensive restaurant, I'm going to need more than a fancy setting, I want my food to actually look and taste good. Don't think I'll ever come back. (But it's not like casinos care if you come back cause they continuously have customers year-round....just saying)
3	We walked in for dinner for a group of 6 adults and two babies. This was at 6:30 pm. Empty restaurant. They wanted to seat us at a 6 person table. Mind you the restaurant was EMPTY! So then I find out we have two more adults coming and ask for a bigger table. They were hesitant but allowed us to seat in the "VIP" room. At first I though nice. Private room. Wrong!  Private room is like a round padded jail cell. Just barely big enough to fit the big table and the chairs around it. Not only that but it was nearly impossible to get any service in that room. I guess VIP stands for very invisible people. When we finally got a hold of a server and asked for something we would have to wait about 25 mins with no result and have to frantically flag another server. They got three stars solely because the spicy water fish dish was AMAZING!! So good we ordered two. Yes the second one took forever yet again to flag someone down and ask if we can order from our server. Also. Server was Korean and did not speak chinese. Now that to me does not make sense. It's a Chinese restaurant. I would like sometimes to order in Chinese. Only because I only sometimes know things in Chinese. Anyhow. I thought that was interesting. But I would ace let it slide if he was nicer and attentive. But neither was the case.The food was pretty outstanding. Peking duck was crispy and tasty. Main complaint is the service. And small VIP room.
4	made a reservation shortly after they opened so the place was empty. They staff was very attentive and friendly. We ordered egg rolls which were filled with crisp bell peppers not soggy cabbage! They were perfectly fried and not that greasy. For entrees I got the Mongolian beef and my boyfriend for the kung pow chicken. Both were delicious and served with fresh veggies mixed in. They also give you hot towels after each course which I thought was a nice touch (especially after egg rolls)
3	I recommend this high-end restaurant for the cuisine, the atmosphere, and the service. Everything was totally delicious and well created. The wine and the wine steward were well paired; we enjoyed our interactions with him.Don't miss this excellent opportunity. This is a great date restaurant, if you want to talk, as it's quiet and peaceful.
5	Wow what a meal, or should say feast !! We started with egg rolls and shrimp toast, then had Peking Duck, walnut prawns, garlic prawn fried rice, and Singapore vermicelli.It was all excellent !!! Highly recommended. But the service was over the top. Our server Caesar was one of the best servers we have ever had. It was like being served by a friend. He went out of his way to help us.
5	Wow! Amazing food and impeccable service. Our waiter Danny was awesome, so accommodating and nice.. and Jackson was great too- infectious smile.
5	My wife and I had dinner here last time we were in Vegas. It was by far the best Chinese food we've had in Las Vegas. Great food and great service.
3	I was looking for best Peking duck in town and found Blossom. According to our server, it takes 2 days to prepare. I had a very high expectation for this place since it is $79 per duck. Fyi: I had pecking duck from one of the best Peking duck restuarant in Beijing. The duck was served with skin and meat and sauce on a wrap. Ummm. It should be served with skin only? The skin is not crispy enough. The sauce is ok. After that the duck was brought back to chop. The meat was juicy but have a bit of distinct smell of the duck. Overall, the Peking duck is better than other places in So cal like duck house. But it is far from comparable to the Peking duck I had in Beijing.  And for the price, I would expect better quality.
5	From the very friendly greeting to........many pieces of great advise this was a first class experience . Martini (Leech)was perfect.Food was excellent , wine was great (and not crazy expensive) and the service the best of what we experienced in Vegas.Will come back. Thank you for a great dinner.By the way - very much consider sharing - as the food and portions invite one to do this.
3	Very expensive - even for Las Vegas. My wife had the pot stickers and the Wor Wonton soup which was a very small bowl for $14 and was quite  tasteless and had 2 wontons, 1 shrimp and 1 scallop - we asked for hot sauce. The 5 pot stickers were ok. I had Mapo Tofu which was rather dull / only a fairly liquid sauce but no other content but the tofu - nothing exciting - and I have had many Mapo Tofus. Our 2 gin Martinis came to $34 and were quite small/meager. Wont't be back.
5	Excellent service, delicious food. A nice amount of vegetarian options. Would recommend to anyone!
3	over rated.
2	You're strictly paying for the ambiance here. The decor is gorgeous. However, I found the food to be pretty blah, with the exception of the hot & sour soup. The soup was really good. Even with the spicy dishes that we ordered, we found the food to be bland. The chicken chow mein was particularly unimpressive. My local Chinese restaurant is leaps and bounds better than this place. I have no problem paying good money for a nice meal, however at $150 before tip for some mediocre Chinese food is insane. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. If you are in the mood for Japanese food, I highly recommend the teppanyaki at Shibuya located inside the MGM.
