4	I've never played laser tag before attending my triplet nephews' 9th birthday party this weekend. What a blast!!This place was packed to the gills on Sunday afternoon. Not only did they have one party after another, but there were lots of families who were simply walking in. Now, maybe they have a procedure for entry that was blind from my eyes, but I did not see any ticket taking happening here. It appears that you can probably just walk in and join up with a group. Weird!The cost of 7.50 per 15 minute game seemed a little steep to me, but I guess if you sneak into another game it might be worth it. (Although I would never recommend such a thing!) Buy games in bulk to receive a discount. They have other specials, so call them for details.GAME TIPS: Get up as high as you can. People that are down below are easy targets. Capture the other teams bases for loads of extra points! Keep your gun down when you are not shooting. You can get tagged easily there.LUKE, LUKE, LUKE.. you brave gentleman. Luke was the facilitator to our birthday party and games. This guy is the epitome of cool. He has just enough sass, sarcasm, and patience to be the perfect host to these wild, maniacal children. I found him to be quite funny too!I am taking one star away because the second game we played had 36 players in it. WAY TOO MANY! We were simply falling all over each other and it made the game way less fun. TIP: I asked and apparently Tuesday nights are the least crowded. Get in this place now!
5	I went to another Ultrazone laser tag birthday party recently. Rock on! Seriously, I have tons of fun playing this game. I learned this time that it is better to team up with at least one other person. This way you don't get nailed too many times (one covers the front, the other covers behind) and you can protect each other when you are trying to kill bases. Don't forget to hit them all cuz that's how you win the most points for your team!Onto the birthday party aspect though. IF (God forbid) I was a parent, I would totally want my kid's birthday party to be held here. My brother and I didn't have to do a thing. We sat there with the kids while the "Game Master" served us and the kids pizza, drinks, and cake. All of this for only $240 including tip!! That fed two adults and 13 kids with plenty of leftovers and 2 games of laser tag. Seriously...so worth it which is why I am upgrading to 5 STARS!
5	First of all, there is no other place like this in the area, which automatically makes it great. You've got your black light maze arena with techno music. Even the bathrooms are lit in black light, so your pee glows (for every little boy's joy).This is the perfect place to throw your kids for a few hours, they never seem to get tired of it! The games take about a half hour to play, but they run games every fifteen minutes, so you never have to wait very long. The lobby is also filled with video games and vending machines to keep them busy.No game is ever the same because of different people, different group make ups, etc. The Game Masters are very entertaining, and do a good job of keeping control when annoying preteens are present. They monitor during the entire game to make sure everything is going smoothly.Compared to any other birthday party providers, Ultrazone is top because the party hosts do absolutely everything for you. Parents can simply sit by and enjoy. Not only do the party hosts entertain the kids, serve the food, clean up, etc., they also take a list of the presents given for you and make sure everyone, especially the birthday kid, has a great time.I'd recommend Ultrazone for kids 7+, unless you have a really ballsy tyke. This is definitely a family friendly place (except on Friday nights for their Friday Frenzy which is predominantly preteens and teens and is very competitive). I have played with people ages 4-92, so don't feel like you are too old!Ultrazone offers public and private games, it is great for groups, Sundays are family days, so parents play free! Plus, they generally rearrange their hours to accommodate for when kids in the area will be out of school on breaks and such. They  often have good coupons in Dollars and Sense Magazine.
3	What the other reviewers have mentioned pretty much rings true.  It's fun, it can be crowded, etc.  What they haven't told you is that they only have one large arena, and sometimes your group can get lumped in with other groups of people you don't know.  When we were there it was super crowded, and games were running every 20 minutes.  So every 20 minutes your going in, you are putting on the vest of a sweaty person who just took it off.  That's right, they use the same vests over and over again, and by the time I had gone through there 3 times, I was putting on vests that were soaked with many different peoples sweat.  (Mostly tween boys and adult men with tween boy mentalities.)  Why are they sweaty?  Well because your running around and acting all commando.  But also because it's hot, steamy, and dark in there.  (Get yer mind out of the gutter!)  If you have spacial awareness problems, claustrophobia, or any array of mental disorders, you are going to freak out.  Also, if you are a sad, pathetic, unskilled schlub like me, and you get into a game with 37 other people at a time you have no chance.   We're talking about the the kind of people who take this so seriously, that they wear ski masks and have well organized game plans before then even get to the lobby.  The kind of dudes that, when they tag you, and you laugh and smile all in good fun, they just stare at you like stone cold killers and then run away looking for their next victim in a sweaty vest.
4	Ditto to Amy B's review.  What more can be said?  Really.  She pretty much summed up the experience we had.  I took a group of boys here for my son's birthday and we had a blast.My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5, there were a lot of younger kids there for multiple birthday parties.  I can see grouping them together.  But, there were also groups of much older kids, young adults really, that were obviously there for a serious death match competition.  The staff did a good job of mixing up the teams to try and keep things fair but, there were just too many  bigger people rampaging around and the younger kids didn't get to enjoy it - they were being zapped mercilessly and spent most of their time being dead.  Come on guys, really?If you're an older "kid" and go here, give the younger kids a break, okay?  It's dark, loud, they're half your size and constantly being knocked over or pushed into walls.  Let them enjoy it, too.
4	I have been here twice and for the most part I have had a lot of fun. A few things you should know beforehand. First, go earlier in the day if you don't want to be absolutely destroyed by teenagers; especially if you have younger kids. I took my girlfriends six year old daughter and she had a hard time competing with teenagers who would shoot her relentlessly for the points. After the first game, I got her to follow me around and she did a lot better (Perhaps they felt differently about trying to pick on someone who is 6'5 and 250 Pounds and I could explain to her how to play). Secondly, it helps to have an understanding of how the game works. Most people score a lot of points because they can hit all four bases of the opposing colors. Even if you only have two teams playing, there are three colors and the other two colors opposing bases can still be shot. (I learned that after game 1). Despite some of these issues my girlfriend's daughter still had a good time and the staff did a great job of catering to her. They also try and break the teams up so it wasn't us against teenage laser tag assassins.  Kudos to them for that. All in all, it was a good experience.
4	I'm not at all ashamed to say that frequent this place late on weeknights with my mid-20s friends.It can be crowded at times, but it's also just ridiculously fun, as long as everyone else you're playing with is cool. Sure, sometimes you're up against sore loser (or winner) teens, but as long as you remember that you are an adult, you'll be ok.Get the bases!
4	Way more fun than I had intended!Red Avenger report to duty!  Aliens and Sigourney Weaver, eat your heart out!Adrenaline pumping good fun.We went to Ultrazone for my son's birthday party and had not intended playing myself.  Next thing I know I am "Red Avenger" with a group of kids, dads and tweens going through our intro and jazzed to be in a world of lasers.  The staff were great at explaining the game, rules and for the most part those teens and tweens were listening.  Put on your laser pack, figure out your laser, and set off with your color team into the glow in the dark, music thumping course.  2 levels of maze, mirrors, ramps, it was all fun.  By the second game I had more tactics figured out, but what makes it fun is that every game are different players so its always new.After 3 games everyone was having a blast (pun) and ready to refuel.  I would say the adults had just as much fun as the kids.  Well worth the money.  Definite repeat in my future.
4	Have plans for laser tag.. This place is the one.. Real fun at this place, they have three teams  which makes it more interesting! I would definitely say this is a good place for laser tag! The only thing I would say is that the place is not that big, they only have laser tag.
5	The place is pretty big and the prices are fair. Brought a bunch of guys here ranging from 16-29 years old and they all had fun. Not much else to be said, come here if you're looking for a good time.
2	I'd been wanting to come here since I moved to Madison, but my boyfriend always said it was never worth the price. Well we went with a huge group a few weeks ago, and I'm pretty ok with never going before. I would never go here without some sort of coupon. With a large group of your friends, it's pretty fun. I can't imagine enjoying it much otherwise. Most of the staff was ok, but there was one who was playing with us for two games. She was just obnoxious and full of herself. Not going to lie, it was pretty satisfying seeing my boyfriend beat her each time. During one of the games there were a few people screaming at the top of their lungs for the entire game. Not my idea of fun. I'll only be back if my friends really want to go. Otherwise I'm holding out for the new laser tag place that just opened. It seems much more my style.
