5	I went to Brooks Brothers at the Las Vegas Premium Outlet to buy an interview suit. From what I was told, Brook Brothers has a marvelous heritage for making suits that dates back to the 1800s. They are very New York and I've always wanted one. They actually carry a variety of suits, some are from there classic collection and others are from their previous season. The prices are extremely reasonable as compared to what a normally priced one would be at their flagship store... You'll have to visit them and ask about the pricing because I'm not telling, haha. I bought two. Linda Dudley one of the retail associates helped me with the entire purchasing experience. She was the best and I recommend you see her! I signed up for a Brooks Brothers Purchase Card for added value. Also, if I want, I can have the suits custom tailored at any of there flagship stores, obviously for a fee, but that's a nice service they offer. I am hooked on Brooks Brothers now. That's why there still in business I believe. Good service at this store, I hope their flagships store follow the 'same suit' in terms of good genuine service. The workers at this store don't work on commission. They are just that GOOD! Visit them next time your in need of a quality suit and avoid those cheesy Italian "bargain basement suits" I mean come on!!!! Until next time.
1	This store is spacious. Lots of sales, but nothing stood out for me.Moved on...
4	...visit for the pants and fitted dress shirts in the days before and after Christmas.  Generally not a fan of Brooks Brothers as the Price/Quality ratio seems skewed to the left the calculus changes definitively when another 25-50% is taken off the already half-off prices.  Lets face it guys, men's dress pants styles really don't change that much and a white double stitched French cuff dress shirt will be just as classy in 30 years as it is today.
5	I've aways considered this outlet store to be a first choice when i need important additions to to my wardrobe. A particular sales person -Becky has helped me several times over the past year or two. Becky tunes into what i need and zeros' in on the inventory and  makes my sartorial search fast and efficient every single time.  i would like to only shop with Becky every time at any clothing store! of course I'm a brooks brothers third generation customer and Becky i'm sure would be a favorite of my grandfather too.only caveat is she makes me unable to say no because i know i need to be well put together!
