3	This is the former home of Cherry on Top Frozen Yogurt that closed months ago.  I've seen the sign that Dazzle Berry is coming soon and finally today it said they were now open.The store is very nice.  Everything was very clean.  It looks like they took over the furniture from the previous shop as they are the same and the layout is the same.There are 6 banks of machines with 2 flavors in each and the chance to do a twist flavor at each of the 6 machines.  The price is $.55 an ounce which puts it on the higher side of the frozen yogurt scale in the area.I tried a swirled flavor today.  My go to flavors when I'm trying a new place is Cake Batter and Red Velvet.  I swirled them an put some plain coconut and a few pieces of mochi.  The yogurt was very good.  Before I can give the place a higher rating, I need to go back and try the pistachio they have.  I can't say I've seen that flavor at other yogurt places.The shop sells coffee and they also make waffles and you can get a warm waffle and put frozen yogurt on top.  Sounds intriguing.  On a 100+ degree day in Las Vegas, this little stop was a nice respite from throwing 240 pounds of softener salt into the car.I entered the website as it appeared on my receipt but it's wrong.  I Googled it and I got this:http://dazzleberryyogurt.comI'll be back.  It's going to be a long summer.
1	At .55 an ounce it was nothing to write home about.  Same favors as everywhere else. Toppings are not labeled so had to ask what they were.  Worst of all there was a really bad smell. Asked worker what it was and they said it was the mop. Very disappointed as I was looking forward to having a yogurt shop close by.
3	So, this new place opened up where Cherry on Top used to be.  Set up and furniture relatively the same, toppings bar relatively the same as any froyo place.  I was hoping this place would be good to fulfill my froyo cravings close by my house.  But....it's all right.Good thing they got going for them: they are going to have a full-on menu with coffees and pastries, so it's more than just froyo. Bad thing going for them: their froyo is freaking expensive!  I've said before in a previous froyo review that I pretty much get the same thing/volume wherever I go.  At Yogurtland, it costs me about $3.50.  At Cherry on Top or U Swirl, it costs me about $5.00.  But at Dazzle Berry, my grand total came to over $7!  WHAT?  For FROYO?  No, yo.I did like that their yogurt was very thick and the flavors were good, but I just don't know if I can justify spending that much on froyo.
2	OVERPRICED!! $21 for three yogurts. Outrageous!!  Nothing spectacular about their frozen yogurt. Flavors and toppings similar to all of the other places. At  .49 cents an ounce I would expect to be wowed. Nothing here makes them stand out above the rest.
1	Terrible customer service from that grumpy big boy... They will not get my service. I walked out.
5	Service is amazing! The place is so clean and the yogurt flavors are so good. I'd go here for frozen yogurt, waffle cones, and BOBA! Yes, they have boba fruit smoothies, green milk tea, black milk tea and more! This summer this place is my favorite to go to. keeps me cool!
1	Terrible everything! Who is running this place???? First, the associate was sitting on the counter and swinging his feet back and forth, never smiled or greeted me. Then, the consistency on the yogurt was just bad, pieces of ice and flavorless. The topping's bar, was disgusting, it was old fruit, it looked like it's been sitting there for 2 days. Gross!!! The slice of bananas where brown and the other fruits were just as bad. Last but not least, pricey for the lack of quality and service. The kid who was sitting on the counter never got up until we got to the register and acted as if he was being disturbed. This place will not last 3 months.
1	Made a trip over here for ice cream they closed an hour earlier than posted on Yelp didn't even bother to change the signage to reflect the new hours just stuck a piece of paper over it. They closed right as I arrived and the lady just shook her head and walked away. Huge FAIL! If you are going to change your hours change them online first so people don't waste the trip!
1	I tried a boba slushie here....IT WAS AWFUL. Seriously, it tasted so bad, I literally thew it out as soon as I stepped out the store! Sadness...I will say that at least they look like they have a good variety of fruit toppings...but otherwise, I'd rather go ANYWHERE ELSE for a quick dessert. Also, the service when I came here was very slow (I guess on a Sat afternoon, there is only 1 older lady working here?
