5	Always have great service.  Feel like my eyes are checked very thoroughly.
5	For those that are interested, GVSS has been the single most influential change on my daily lifestyle I ever decided to make. It was a low risk decision given that it's non-invasive compared to any type of surgery. However, I did not anticipate how quickly I would experience the positive impacts. I was a soft contact lens wearer and alternated with glasses. Since going to GVSS, I have far less worries including dry or tired eyes from frequent computer use and travel. I also have the freedom of feeling I will never need to wear glasses or travel with them as a back-up ever again. Unexpectedly, the clarity of vision amazes me including night vision. I also appreciate the fabulous team at Brandon Eyes who always manages to impress.
5	Doctor Brandon is fantastic. his equipment is first class, and he will help you with anything. He also won't sell you things you don't need. He is the one Doctor I have that I feel like actually listens to me and my family, and helps us with all the health problems we have to find solutions. Focusing, Allergies, diet help for eyes etc. They always offer snacks and drink when we are there and see us fast and get us in fast. They are not inexpensive, but their glasses are quality. They don't sell any plastic lenses. So you are not going to find cheap glasses here. That being said my glasses have been dropped and stepped on and never break.
5	Dr Brandon has been my optometrist for, I don't know, maybe 8 years or more, and he is always friendly, pleasant, professional and efficient.  He has lots new gadgets and fancy testing equipment, I always feel my eyes are in good hands there.  I have also bought my prescription glasses there many times, they are fairly expensive but you get what you pay for, I have never had a problem with glasses I bought from Brandon Eyes.  Great customer service too!  The staff and opticians are knowledgeable and competent as well as good natured and helpful!
