5	amazing prices!!!!    the best nail tek there is MATT.hell take care of you and his work is amazing. this place parts from all the rest. you cant go wrong coming here looks r decieving but the work makes up for it =)
3	Awesome job! The first time i came here, I was in a pinch and needed a fill like a week ago. I showed up 10 minutes before they closed and Tom took great care of me!!! I didn't feel rushed or anything. I have been back several times since then and always love the service but today while I am here (just getting a manicure) they have called back 6 people that came in after me, that were for full sets. I have been sitting here for 45 minutes waiting while I draft this review. I'm not sure if its because its not a higher ticket service, but now that I don't have acrylics anymore I'm not sure if I will return.... I will give them one more shot in 2 weeks, but I will make a appt first!Awesome job at first, but unfortunately they are loosing a client....
5	only the best nail salon. the staff is friendly and IT IS SPOTLESS CLEAN!!! the best deluxe pedi with hot stone massage and a neck massage.  they have a WIDE range of designs and colors  with spectacular prices!  ever wonder why u cant ever find a GOOD tech its because they are ALL here, so stop searching and come and give them a try. for the best nail tech ask for MATT hes the best on designs and he really listens to the small details!p.s dont be frighten by the location looks are deceiving. parking also in the rear with a door for the salon also :)
5	Matt is the BEST @ fun, crazy designs & Kathy's right on his toes w/ the pedicures! ;) Always very Clean & sanitary, a Plus!
5	Really love this nail shop. They are very friendly, great English speaking accents. I go to Lisa and she's amazing. I get a gel manicure with matching pedicure color. I don't put geek on my toes, they have matching colors that match gel polishes. The design ideas she come up with are perfect for me bc I'm not too flashy. I love that it's many options to choose from for pedicure and even with most expensive option, I'm still coming out cheap. Only thing is it can be a wait, but I've learned what days to go on or just make an appointment.
5	They honestly all do a great job, ive been coming here two years since i moved from california and ive always loved my nails and pedicures, always leave happy! (: definitely recommend it!
5	I came here for a fill and looking for a place closer to my home. I searched Yelp and after reading several reviews of this place and others I decided to try here. First,  looking at the place from the outside gives no indication of the elegance and cleanliness you'll find on the inside! I was impressed by the decor--Greek columns, marble topped nail stations with mahogany bases along with executive style seating.  Much thought has gone into the decor. They're wedged in between a liquor store and a pawn shop in a tiny strip center and the parking is not so great in the front as they have other little stores and a restaurant vying for spots and have them reserved for themselves.  There's ample parking in the back of the building though.  Second, their business was pretty steady and they didn't rush anyone because of this which is a good thing!  The command of the English language was very good and a pleasant and welcome surprise. I noticed this when I had initially called. There was a sign in sheet with the different services to check off so you could get the right person for the services needed. Third,  my nail tech whose name is Hi (not sure of the spelling but he told me it was Hi just like hello lol) was great! He was very meticulous and attentive to detail--so much so that he found and corrected flaws my last nail tech did!  Yeah,  I know. ..I cheated on my other tech but I'm so glad I did! He listened to what I wanted and he made the tips thin enough so if you scratch an itch you actually feel like you're scratching with real nails instead of dull nubs. Also, Hi's technique was virtually PAINLESS! I'm a wimp when it comes to taking off the nail and pretty sensitive,  so when he was taking off  the old acrylic nail i virtually had but a teensy bit of pain from the one that was lifting and that was good and my nails didn't hurt afterwards like they usually did from before--so that's another plus! I haven't tried the pedi but looking at the reviews and the amount of clients I'm going to have to try one! Overall, I highly recommend this salon for its great customer service, the finished product, and cleanliness. ..oh and did I mention decor?  Last but definitely NOT least the prices are VERY GOOD... there's a nail salon across the street that's very mundane looking with not so great attitude that costs MORE! So, make sure you come here! It's on the NORTH side of Indian School
1	Worst experience ever, I came to this place because of the great reviews, but the guy who helped me was very rude. Definitely would never go back.
3	It's ok. I was not comfortable. No one  welcomed me. They have awesome designs but my nails were lumpy like the acrylic wasn't smoothed correctly.
5	It was my first time in this salon, went in for a gel pedicure and they got me in right away. My experience was great. My nail technician was Helen, I liked her, she did a good job. She took her time making sure my pedicure looked good. She was friendly and socialized with me. I would definitely return. My toes look great and feel so refreshed! Thank you!
