1	I had heard a lot of great things about this dentist , Daniel Wolter,  from people within the community I live in , so decided to try him. Well was I in for a big disappointment! First of all, let me say his staff is very friendly and he talks a good talk!  I went in there for a second opinion on some work recommended by another dentist (only because this guy was so well loved by some in my community).  Well along with the recommendation from the other dentist, he told me I needed a crown on a tooth that was giving me no trouble, simply because he said the filling was more than the enamel left on that particular tooth. He quoted me a price $1420.00 for this crown but I got a new patient discount of $100 and a 10% discount for living in community in which I lived. So the net cost was $1200.00 Now that's double the price of most dentists and shame on me for proceeding , knowing his price was way above other dentists.  Anyway from the day he put on my temporary crown, I had a toothache which would not go away. I returned to his office and he assured me that the pain would disappear when he replaced the temporary with the permanent crown. WRONG!!! Pain continued. I returned to his office three times for bite adjustments but the pain continued. Finally he tells me maybe I needed a root canal - this is something he NEVER mentioned to me before the crown was put in place. So he gives me a referral to an endodontist, who would then do this for  $1198.00.  I waited  the pain out hoping the tooth would settle down   It did not. After three months, I called his office and told one of his staff he needed to help in some way with the financing of this root canal. He refused to do anything except to say he would not charge me to repair the crown. His normal cost for this would be $150 .00But he would be kind enough to do that for me. REALLY??? What a kind guy!!  I eventually went to another dentist who did the root canal for me for $700 .00 and has since also done a crown for $660,00.(with no after pain) .I would not refer this dentist to anyone. I believe he should not have placed a crown on an infected tooth   I also believe he could have owned up to his mistake and taken  care of the problem. Last but not least, his costs are way out of line !!!
5	I was a patient at Millinnium Dental Arts from 2009 until this summer. Sadly, I moved out of state and am now searching for a new dentist. Good dentists are just hard to find, which is why I was inspired to write this review.I would highly recommend Millennium Dental Arts to anyone who has a fear of the dentist. I'm one of those people who starts wincing and gripping the armrest before the drill even enters my mouth. After my first drilling experience with Dr. Wolter, I knew I'd be going back. He clearly explains every diagnostic procedure and recommendation, allowing you to make an informed decision about your plan of treatment. Dental work is expensive (no matter where you go), and the dental staff helped me prioritize the work that needed to be done so that I could manage it financially. I never felt pressured to have work done that I didn't want, and really appreciated that cosmetic procedures were never pushed. I felt confident that I received high-quality care. The entire staff is friendly, pleasant, and punctual. The office is beautiful, modern, and clean. I also really appreciated that their hours run from late morning to evening, which made it very easy to schedule appointments after work. I'm really bummed I have to find a new dentist, and am really hoping I can find someone similar in my new location.
5	Millennium Dental Arts, a fitting name considering the confidence I'll now have for the next Millennium. Let me tell you a quick story. Coming out of high school and going into college I was told time after time that I had a beautiful smile, and *I think* they were right. I was thankful that good ole mom and dad forced those braces on to my awkward high school head, but flash forward to the end of college at some point, in an unknown event, my gorgeous smile had been betrayed in the night. I awoke one day, to find the most important and presentable part of my grill damaged. Over night and straight of out of Dumb and Dumber, my front tooth had a chip in it! How did this happen? was I grinding my teeth in stress while dreaming? Did I sleep walk and fight crime wearing a cape and cowl? Were my roommates playing a cruel joke with a sharpie? The rage, agony and defeat I felt that morning didn't compare to the years following where I had to figure out new ways to smile to hide this defect and eventually almost gave up smiling to avoid the feeling of embarrassment that came with it. My confidence had been shattered, a literal chink in my armor. However, as with any Fairy Tale prince, my most recent trip to Dr. Wolter and the rest of the amazing crew at MDA ended happily ever after!   From the moment I walked in I felt at ease, with the calming sounds of the water feature easing my nerves and the friendly faces at the front desk. I am quickly and respectfully taken back to the dental room and the music keeps mind from faltering while leaving me feeling like I am in a high end spa instead of a dental office. After the most gentle and friendly hygienist ever, seriously... my mouth was treated with the care of a fragile puppy balancing a dozen eggs on its head, cleaned and prepped my mouth, the Dr. came in, demanded some great tunes to get to work (made me feel so comfortable) and patched up that chip in my tooth in no time. After blending the tooth back into a natural place, my smile was back baby! I left the place feeling like a Millennium... err a Million bucks!  Everything about MDA is made to make going to the dentist as easy, comfortable and pain-free as possible. At the end of the visit Dr. Wolter even noticed something that was wrong with the insides of my two front teeth that no other dentist had noticed/pointed out before. That sort of care is what will make Millennium the place I come to for my pearly whites above all others.  If you want to feel like true Dental Artists are working on your teeth and leave with the confidence to last a Millennia, then Millennium Dental Arts is the place to come!  Thanks Millennium, it was worth the trip!
