4	Finally tried Sin City Wings tonight and yes, I'm a fan.These wings are friggin' big! I've never been full from 5 wings before. The combo price is reasonable at $8, that include 1lb of wings, some pasta salad and a roll.Flavors galore! More than enough for all types of people. I had the Hot Buffalo, definitely tasty. Apparently the "Oscar Goodman" has ghost chilis...that's WAY TOO HOT for me.When you're ready for a little treat... trust me you want to try the dessert wings. Yes... dessert. Chicken wings smothered in cinnamon and sugar with some raspberry goodness on top. It's like eating a funnel cake chicken wing... run right now and order some, you'll thank me later.
4	We violated one of my food truck rules when visiting Sin City Wings. We showed up late. Hence, very long wait. However, it was understandable since  they were a man down and the people at Telus were hungry :-) Due to expediencies sake, my office all ordered tenders. You know when you are hungry, you just don't want to fool around with bones. The chicken was flavorful, breading was nice and there was not too much of it. It was still a bit crunchy since they were very fresh. The sauce was very satifying. I had the Fienberg, which is the spicy apricot. It was sweet but had enough of a spicy kick to make it worthwhile. We also all ordered combos, which I have to say were very reasonable at $8 a pop. The mac salad had just the right amount of mayo/sugar ratio and not too many veggies to spoil my carnivorous intent. I was quite pleased to see the Great Buns bread racks hanging out in the truck. Good to know my roll came from a yummy bread establishment :-)
4	I've been wanting to try Sin City Wings ever since I heard about them. Despite the explosion of food trucks in the past year, chicken wings weren't really spoken for. Lucky for me, they decided to accept an invitation to stop by work today.I went with a wing combo with the Feinberg sauce. A while back, I remember hearing about a food truck that has a sauce named after Jason Feinberg (of Fox 5 fame), but I had forgotten which truck. There's really no reason for the association other than they wanted to name a sauce after a local personality. It's a spicy apricot concoction that is sweet with a little kick.The wings were pretty good--nothing absolutely mind-blowing--but combined with the Great Buns bread, the surprisingly delicious mac salad, and the top quality ranch dressing, the combo came together very well and was very satisfying. (Yes, I've finally come to the realization that not all ranch dressing is created equal).What really makes me a fan of Sin City Wings is, strangely enough, their buffalo potstickers. I never thought to put buffalo sauce on deep-fried potstickers. It's a geniously gratifying combination.
2	I wanted to love Sin City Wings, but I didn't. They drew a large crowd during StrEATs. After lengthy wait, we had grub in hand. I don't often like chicken on the bone, so we went with tenders. We couldn't decide on a sauce so we sprung for a second sauce for 50 cents and they left them naked. Armed with Feinberg and Hot Buffalo sauce we dug in. The Hot Buffalo sauce was not terribly hot or tasty. After one dunk we stuck with the Feinberg, the spicy apricot was the way to go. However, while the breading is crisp is too thick. I prefer I much lighter coating. The homemade ranch is very watery and no better than most bottled versions. The addition of macaroni salad (watery) and bread (dry) seems like carb overkill. It seem like an afterthought, rather than a balanced combo.
5	Me and my teenage boys tried SinCity Wings during an outdoor movie in the park event and they are amazing!! Huge fingers dunked in perfect homemade ranch, and the best macaroni salad the boys & I ever tasted. The fries are fresh... the kind you have to eat fast!! We got them hot out of the fryer before our meals were ready and they were the perfect appetizer. We will definitely be following them around town!
5	They were AMAZING!!!  We had them cater our daughter's birthday party.  The communication was fantastic and quick, the price per person was affordable, they were helpful in suggestions, they showed up on time and prepared, they were SUPER FRIENDLY and so helpful. One of my guests thought the sauce was a little spicy and Bobby was more than happy to create a new sauce just for him.  Another guest was a vegetarian and they made sure that she had something to enjoy spur of the moment.  The food portions were more than enough, the fingers were fresh, the sauces were great!!!  My guests were thrilled and some went for seconds!!!  Just overall an amazing experience!!!  I would HIGHLY recommend Sin City Wings to anyone!!!
5	Hands down, the best wings I've ever had. I'm not a big fan of spicy or hot wings, and normally spring for a honey BBQ type of sauce. The aptly named "Bobby-Q" after the owner, is a nice mix of BBQ and some special ingredients. Let me say this, in my mind, the tenders with Bobby-Q sauce put BWW to shame. The truck only offers full size wings (massive), and long tenders, but no bite size nibblers that are normally common among wing establishments... No worries, just more chicken per bite :) Couple that with the friendly service and the reasonable price ($8 for a combo, includes bun, ranch, and homemade mac salad), this is a truck that I shall follow valley wide... (PS: Tip a $1 to see what happens, quite hilarious)
4	We have tried these @ Vegas StrEats, First Friday, and again today @ a food truck party @ Tommy Rockers. The Bobby Q, the Buffalo Bills, and the Oscar Goodman were all excellent. Thumbs Up. They are attentive. The food is very fresh. The sauces are fantastic. We almost sought them out four days in a row. It would have been five stars if they brought some tables and chairs for us to use.
5	Sin City Wings really is a one-of-a kind wing experience. I've never experienced food that's as hot, yet bursting with flavor. I was also unfamiliar with the concept of a "naked" wing, meaning there isn't any breading - absolutely delicious. Being from out of town, I also got to learn more about some of Vegas' locals. The wings are named after several iconic figures, including the Oscar Goodman, which was my favorite wing and extremely hot, yet flavorful. I also have to mention the pot stickers because they are awesome and rolled in the same spicy sauce as the wings.If you're cruising around the strip and happen to see the yellow wing truck, I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
5	I really  am a big fan of wings,I am totally addicted to their Bobby Q,I will travel far and wide to find this truck! Hoping they get a location permanently soon!
3	Just like my last time at StrEATs, instead of going to a usual suspect like Slidin' Thru, I went for something new like last time. The food itself = delicious, everything else was a little bit mediocre. The line wasn't all that long at all, the wait for the food on the other hand was over 30 minutes. The food was pretty damn good but I don't know if I can say it was worth the wait. I ordered the tenders with their version of buffalo sauce (they give weird names to all of their sauces) and seasoned fries. The buffalo sauce was so hot that my nose started running because of it (that might be a little too much information, I know) and it was mild! At the same time it had a strangely sweet kick to it. I could have done without those leaves that they decorated the chicken with though (cilantro? basil? I really don't know since it didn't taste like anything). The curly fries were so skinny and greasy, I LOVED THEM.The price was kind of steep for food truck standards, but they offered Shasta Tiki Punch and moist towelettes to wipe your hands after one is done savoring their wings.Oh, by the way, I was finally face to face with Misti for the first time, and I probably have to thank this food truck for that! She was at the Yelp booth which was set up right next to this truck and was kind of hidden, I may have never noticed it otherwise, knowing me. The Final Verdict:Pros:Well...they're chicken wings and tenders! When are they not tasty?Divine fries. They provide moist towelettes. Meeting Misti.Cons:Long wait for your food.Rather steep for a food truck, and there was only one combo deal (which involved yucky looking macaroni salad and dry looking bread).Suggestions: There should at least be a combo deal for chicken wings and either fries or mozzarella sticks. Although, personally if you ask me seeing that chicken takes a hell of a lot longer to cook than a burger in the first place, a chicken wing food truck isn't the best idea in the world. Would I return? Depends on where they are, probably not at Vegas StrEATs again though.
5	Ya know what's funny? I don't really care for wings. Sure, I'll go eat them with friends, but I'm never "wowed" by them. Never. Not once. But that all changed when I took a visit to Sin City Wings. In my opinion, what makes Sin City Wings special is that they do everything well across the board - from ingredients to preparation and service. On the topic of ingredients, they use nice pieces of chicken. These are chicken wings afterall, but even among them, these were good sized pieces. Another thing Sin City Wing does well is their frying (believe me - I'm hyper critical about this stuff). The chicken was crispy on the outside, moist well cooked chicken on the inside. If you're a texture guy like I am, you'll appreciate it. I've also tried most of their flavors and have to tell you - THEY ARE KILLER. In fact, I've recently put on my bucket list that one day, I'd like to bath in their Raspberry Chili BBQ sauce. Yes, it is that good. I'm quite astonished that most (if not all?) of their sauces are made in-house. While I'm the subject of sauces, I actually want to say that I disagree with Kellee's review of their ranch. I found it to be great for dipping and the fact that it wasn't too thick let me make sure that I could taste the chicken and not just get a mouthful of salad dressing.So who should come here? Anybody (Yes, I mean you). If you like wings, then you'll love this place. If you don't like wings and were like me (didn't care for wings), you should come here anyways. Because of Sin City Wings, I am now a believer of how good a chicken wing (or tender) can be. Of course, now I'm totally ruined unless they come up to Seattle. The bottom line: Eat here. Wipe your hands off. Eat here again. Do eeeeeet! P.S. - Get your chicken tenders breaded and forever thank me.
4	So After 2 visits to this place...Once at First Friday, and once at StrEATs, I'm still not sure what I think about this place. This review is going to be an average of the two experiences.A combo box is $8 & comes with 1 lb. of wings (usually about 6) because these are some serious chicken wings, macaroni salad, a basic dinner roll & some ranch dressing that is ridiculously good. The sauces are pretty amazing from my 2 experiences.The 1st time the wings were OK, but they were breaded & fried which I'm not a fan of at all when it comes to wings. I got the Feinberg sauce, which was amazing in my opinion. Just the right balance of sweet from the apricot and spicy. If they wings had not been breaded and the consistency not so soft and full of grizzle then I may have enjoyed them a little more.The 2nd time I had the wings i got the Buffalo Bill wings, which were perfect.They are very spicy and these wings are almost as big around as they are long. They were perfectly deep fried.Next time I go though I'll probably just skip out on the combo box since I didn't even eat the mac salad or the dinner roll. Just the wings is $1 cheaper.Other than the wings they have a pretty unique menu with things like:Fried PotstickersFried PicklesMozzarella sticks& of course the wings you can get as either regular wings or breast tenders.I'm going to have to try this place a few more times with a few more options on the wings before I can get more of a consensus conclusion.
3	went to Vegas Streets this weekend to eat of coarse and it was only an OK experience. Tried the raspberry chili BBQ. Flavors were good and the wings were decent size. i just can't believe the price.This town lacks a good wing scene. I was spoiled growing up on the east coast. Local bars would have "wing night" were they would be .15 to .25 cents a piece. Well were not in Kansas anymore i guess.
1	You know the kind of review that you just don't want to have to write, but you feel like it's your duty as a Yelper to express your opinion whether good or bad.... yeah... that's this review.Despite the positive reviews I read and the couple of people that told me to give them a try, I have to admit I was more than disappointed with Sin City Wings. I hate writing bad or negative reviews especially for a place where the staff was friendly.I was so excited to try them at the Vegas StrEATS festival this past weekend and I had heard that I needed to try the Buffalo Potstickers along with the chicken wings. I wasn't in the mood for wings, especially considering seating was limited and I felt like that would be a mess. So I ordered chicken tenders with the raspberry sweet and spicy sauce and the buffalo potstickers.They advertise FRESH, NEVER FROZEN right on their sign but the door was open in the back and the cook was definitely pulling chicken and potstickers out of pre-packaged bags from the supermarket. Now, I can't say if they were frozen or not (they looked it) but they definitely were pre-packaged. Was very tempted to go ask for my money back right then and there but decided to wait it out and try the food. (Should have gone with this plan though)The potstickers were just regular tasting potstickers with sauce poured on top that didn't go together all that well. I ate one and didn't touch anymore. The chicken tenders were tossed in the sauce (by tossed, I mean not even enough sauce to cover each each piece of chicken). The sauce was decent except it was hard to taste it considering the chicken to sauce ratio. Ended up not finishing these either and there were two of us eating them.Very disappointed and I really do hope that I can one day update this review for the better (see: Bachi Burger), but for now, it remains one star and that is only because the staff was friendly.
4	I will preface this with, I am not a wing eater and I did not try their wings when we sampled their food the other evening at the FSE event.I did however get the potsticker with the sweet sauce and I thought it was really good and while I would have liked to have gone back to get more, I feel that it's a little rude to keep going back and going back for the free stuff. SO I was a good Yelper and just tried a little which was enough to make me want to try another round the next time I can find them :-)
4	At one of the Yelp events in Las Vegas earlier this month, Sin City Wings was on hand, giving out samples of their chicken wings and pot stickers.  While this was an uncommon duo, they worked very well together, especially with their sweet Bobby Q sauce (names after their own Chef Bobby).  I will say that the chicken wing tasted a little better than the pot sticker, but I would eat either of them again in a heartbeat.
5	This review is based on my experience with Sin City Wings in conjunction with Ben's BBQ at a recent corporate event. The 2 trucks catered our summer employee (1000+ people) picnic 2 weeks ago at Floyd Lamb State Park. We are still receiving compliments from the employees on our choice of food. The menu consisted of pulled pork sandwiches, chipotle lime cole slaw and peppered corn. For those with restricted diets (or kids) there were turkey hot dogs, veggie burgers and beef hot links. The pulled pork was simply delectable. It was tender and moist and had the perfect balance of smoke and flavor. The bread tasted fresh from the bakery and the sauces that accompanied the sandwiches were all equally gratifying. The spicy BBQ sauce had some serious kick! The cole slaw was outstanding, mixing chipotle flavor into a traditional southern staple was ingenious especially when added to the sandwich! The peppered corn was so tasty and seasoned people were coming back asking for seconds. They also served 300+ pounds of the sweetest watermelon I've tasted since I left the south. The staff were all attentive and genial. The guy who carved all of the watermelon in the 100+ degree heat, did so with a smile on his face, never once complaining. The owner of the business has one of those personalities that belongs on a comedic stage. He socialized, danced and interacted with the employees all while overseeing the food service. I admire the fact that he wasn't afraid to get dirty, always assisting wherever he was needed. They served all 1000 of our employees in a few hours without ever having a line or a long wait. Our expectations were exceeded in every aspect and I can't wait to use them again for our next big corporate event. I've heard that they are opening a restaurant soon and I will definitely have to check it out.
5	We tried Sin City Wings for the first time this past Saturday night at Vegas StrEATS and I am SO glad we did. It was amazing. Let me start by commenting that though there was quite a long line, it moved quickly and the woman taking our order was very pleasant and friendly even though I'm sure it had been a long and busy night for her.My husband and I each ordered a box deal which includes 8 pieces of chicken (wings or tenders, your choice...we opted for tenders) in your choice of one of 5 homemade sauces, macaroni salad, a piece of bread, and a side of their amazing homemade ranch for dipping. Oh em gee was it delicious!!! The chicken tenders were fresh and crispy on the outside, juicy and delicious on the inside...but that's just the beginning. Lets talk about the SAUCE, which in my opinion was the highlight of the meal. Hubby had the Feinberg which was a sweet apricot sauce with just a hint of spice, and I had the Bobby Q, their signature barbeque sauce. Both were equally outstanding. To compare them would be apples and oranges because one is sweet and spicy and the other is bold and tangy, but both are awesome. The macaroni salad was good, but it was just macaroni salad...nothing special. The bread, while ordinary, can double as a vessel for sopping up extra wing sauce as well as the amazing ranch sauce. You're probably thinking, "eww, ranch on bread." But trust me, this is not Hidden Valley. The ranch is so good that you'll want to dip something in it. And though it is intended for the chicken, the sauce already on the chicken is so good that it feels a shame to guild such a succulent lily. All in all, I highly recommend checking out this truck.
4	Pretty good wings; we had to try them at Vegas strEATS and were impressed with the tastiness of the bone-in wings. My companion and I got some wings and our friends got fried pickles and an order of fries. Upon getting to the front of the line my companion and I were feeling something spicy, so we asked about the Buffalo Hot and the Oscar "Ghost Chili" Goodman sauces.Our buddy at the truck informed us that the Buffalo Hot lets you taste the spice AND the chicken whereas the Oscar Goodman (I love the naming scheme so much) only tasted like burning fire. We ordered the buffalo hot wanting to be able to taste the interplay of flavors.The chicken meat was tender and juicy - pretty good wings. However, I was very disappointed with the spice! There was no kick at all to these wings - they should make an intermediate 'heat' step between Oscar Goodman and Buffalo hot as an option for those who like their Thai food 7/10! The fried pickles were amazing. Surprising? Not really. Fried pickles always rock. Sin City has some solid wings and I've gotta give love to the cool atmosphere of the food-truck.
1	There was no line at this wings truck when I rolled by, but they wait for your order before putting a single wing in the fryer apparently?? "Everything is cooked-to-order" they said.You would think that running a hot wings truck at a fair like this for years, they would have a slight clue that since their only menu items are wings, and they are called sin  city wings, that pretty much everyone orders wings. They should have had a couple wings going at all times, so it really made no sense.I sat there 30 minutes and watched them average maybe 1 order of wings every 5 minutes. It was beyond pathetic, and they screwed up my order and made me wait 30 minutes to watch their pathetic display of 3 men in a truck and 6 fryers that were outputting less than one wing per minute.If you want to pay cash only and wait over 30 minutes for a dozen or ten wings go ahead. If you pay credit, be prepared for a possible mishap. I never even got my wings, and returned the order with my credit card but was still charged!If you are hungry, go eat anywhere but here
3	OMG! The Oscar Goodman wings were seriously XXX hot. A hint of Ghost Chili? My lips were burning on fire. The bread and fries were a must to try and tamp out the 3 alarm fire in my mouth. The wings were meaty and I'm sure if I had been smarter and  selected the slightly milder sauce I would have been able to fully enjoy them. If I get a chance to try this truck again I truly will I'll just make a smarter sauce choice :)
3	Sin City has hooked it up for me a few times and I really dig 'em. I like the variety in sauces they provide. There's something for everyone, whether you want to actually set your tastebuds on fire or if you're like me and can barely handle the word spice. I really enjoy their Raspberry Chili and the Bobbi Q. ALSO - they make a mean macaroni salad :D
4	I'm not a huge fan of food trucks. Long lines usually deter me from making the effort, but they came to a work function so I made the exception. Lines were long, as expected. It took about 40 minutes from stepping in line until I finally got my food. There was only one guy handling the order-taking and cooking for a while until someone else came to help. I decided on the box with honey buffalo wings and fries. We found a shady place under a tree to wait for our names to be called. The order was finally ready and we dug in. The flavors were really good. Sweet but still really nice and spicy. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. After waiting outside for so long on a hot day I lost a bit of my appetite and only ended up eating about half my order. Food was still solid and I'd recommend the wings here. I'm pretty curious about the Feinberg and Raspberry Chili flavors. I'm a big fan of the sweet and spicy combinations.
4	This truck is AMAZING. We showed up about 5 minutes before close (we thought closing was an hour later, we're not those kinds of jerks) and proceeded to order pretty much one of everything on the menu. I do not like pickles or sweet potatoes. Their fried pickles were delightful. Crispy, crunchy, a pickle flavor I enjoyed. The rest of the party really loved the sweet potato tots, they had a nice texture and I liked them until I tasted the sweet potato. According to my friend who is a big fan of sweet potato, these were the best she ever had. They also have potstickers, which sounds odd for a wings truck, but it was an awesome Asian-BBQ fusion. Imagine really good potstickers from a classy Asian restaurant  drizzled in wing sauce and I believe ranch sauce. They have mastered the crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the middle cooking style. And now on to the main event, the wings. Oh, dear mother of God, the wings. Before we even talk about flavor, we need to talk about the succulence of the chicken. I've never had wings so moist and tender, to the point after you start chewing it just gets better. The skin on the outside was crispy in all the right places while still having a little chewy spot. We accidentally ordered two orders of spicy instead of one spicy, one sweet, so we didn't get to try the sweet. The spicy was about a level 2.5 out of 5. It wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot, which is a big pet peeve of mine. The first taste of the sauce is a smokiness and then you get just a pop of heat. We were literally licking our fingers, despite the pile of napkins at our side. The prices are completely reasonable ($8 for six wings and a side of fries), the portions are generous (the chicken wings were all at least 3 inches long and meaty), a full basket of pickle slices, a side of ranch with everything. If you get a chance to try this truck out, do it.I would happily give them 5 stars if they had a bigger social media presence, but as it stands, they update facebook and twitter maybe twice a month so it's hard to know where they are or plan on going.
5	As of recently, UNLV has had a campus-wide invasion of delicious food trucks. Since I'm on campus for about 13 hours a day because of work and school, I really don't have a lot of time to make myself lunch for the next day, so the appearance of these delicious foodmobiles has been both a blessing and a curse. Sin City Wings just so happened to be one of those delicious food trucks that decided to conveniently park right next to my office on campus.Now I am one of the biggest wing fanatics to ever walk the earth, and let me tell you, these wings are pretty darn tasty. My favorite thing to order is a box combo, which comes with wings, fries, and a drink all for $10. There's about 5 sauces to choose from, but my personal favorite would have to be the Bobby Q. The Bobby Q offers you a familiar barbecue taste, with a hint of spicy mixed it. It's delicious on the wings and their amazing fries. If you're feeling daring and love some heat, I would recommend getting their "Oscar Goodman" option. This option has ghost chilies in it, and is so spicy it even made my boyfriend sweat (and trust me, he can handle his spicy food like a champ).Sin City Wings really is a gem among food trucks, and if you ever get the chance to give them a try, do it!
2	So I stopped here because the buffalo potstickers caught my eye.  I wanted to get some for my sister who adores buffalo sauce. I ordered that and fried pickels. I was second in line and the order took a good 10 minutes. Really? They move slower then molasses. On a high note the pickles were scorching hot when they handed them over but were swimming in grease. (Had a mini grease lake in the bottom) the potstickers came second. I was so excited to try them because of the unique flavors. The presentation was beautiful, professional and you could tell then took pride in their work. The flavors.... the buffalo sauce didn't taste like buffalo at all. It was sweet and mild. Not tangy at all. They also put some sort of cream sauce as a garnish which was good as well. I thought the pot stickers could have been cooked longer, but I'm just picky. I would go back here, but only if the sauce was a true tangy buffalo sauce. My sister LOVED them on the other hand. Not bad for 5$ a plate. Would have been 4 starts if it was faster and more buffalo like.
3	Slow. SLOW. SLOW TO THE EXTREME. Even for a food truck the wait times are ridiculously long. I can understand that good food takes time but this is ridiculous. It doesn't help that there's only one "chef" in the truck trying to pump out all the orders. Let's get into portion sizes -- $10.50 is a decent amount for a combo with no drink. And boy do the portions vary. Having three people order together and seeing the mad difference in the amount of food you get is a prime way to get people pissed off. The flavor is good though, but I don't know if the prices and the wait warrant a taste. And I don't know if it was just me, but when you're out of something, doesn't it make sense to cross it off your dry erase menu?!Pro Tip: Pay attention to what people outside your truck are saying. When people are getting pissed when served out of order or waiting for 30 minutes, it probably means you're not doing something right.
4	Usually this food truck is closer to the Student Union instead of Lied Library, so I normally don't go to it, but I decided to try it one day when it was closer to where I was.I ordered the Bobby Q boneless wings because that's how I roll and I enjoy most things with bbq sauce on it. The wait felt rather long, especially since I was hungry and I had plenty of studying to do. I didn't think it would fill me up, but it did and it was delicious. I enjoy wings and I'd come back to eat at this food truck whenever I can, at least if I have the time to wait for it.
3	We are always looking for a wing expert that is able to surprise us with unexpected flavors and the menu offered at Sin City Wings looked promising.They were perched up at First Friday 6/6/14 and we decided to put an order in for THE FEINBERG - "Sweet apricot infused with spicy chilies. More sweet than heat." Note- we are devout spice lovers and eaters, so we were really excited about the flavor combination of sweet apricot and chilies... I guess we failed to notice it state, more sweet than heat. There was no heat or chili flavor at all in the sauce (well, according to my spice and chili loving tastebuds.) The sweet apricot flavor was light and the overall flavor of the sauce was bland. We also strongly felt that the wings could of used some more salt before they were cooked and sauced. The chicken was just so bland. The wings were cooked well, not crispy, but moist. They also looked like meaty little guys, but they had quite a bit of fat. Unfortunately, the fatty parts made the texture of the wings mushy and unappetizing.However, I have to disclose, the ranch sauce they gave us was absolutely delicious (we think they infused it with roasted garlic?) It took the wing from OK to better. Definitely one of the better ranches that I've tasted in my time.
3	Eh, nothing that special. The food truck was in our parking lot. Read a lot of good things about the fries but they were out when I got to the truck so I got the box combo with macaroni salad. The mac salad was good. Pretty basic but good. I got popcorn chicken with the raspberry chili sauce. Popcorn chicken were good (they aren't shy with portions either). I asked what the most popular sauces were between the raspberry, the Buffalo Bill, and the Feinberg. I wanted a good balance of heat to sweet. Not too much of either one. He made it clear that the Feinberg was definitely more sweet but that the raspberry was very popular and had a little more spice. The "BBQ" sauce was very thick, almost like the raspberry jam that's in it. I tasted zero spice but it was still pretty good. The wait time was what I'd expect for a good truck with only two people who are making a large number of guests, a large number of orders. If you don't want to wait, don't hit up a popular food truck. People with experience of eating Sin City in the line were going on and on about the tenders. Also saw some really good looking (and smelling) onion rings come out. Overall, I honestly wouldn't go spending my money here again. The staff were very nice but I'm not the biggest fan and my mind wasn't blown by these. Good but nothing special.
3	Experience was good and the guy taking order in the food truck was really nice. The wings were crispy which is great. Although I asked for hot when I ordered the buffalo bill wings and they tasted VERY mild. That could just be a matter of opinion though. THEY DONT SERVE BLEU CHEESE!! What's a wing place without bleu cheese?!
2	Sin City Wings provides the experience of chicken wings on the go. They tend to be on the UNLV campus during the week so I decided I'd try some.I have had Sin City Wings before and I have had no complaint but this time there was nothing good to say. When I ordered the employee was disgruntled and to say the least provided any customer service. I received my "Bobby Q" tenders shortly and they were cold and the ranch was dripping everywhere. Upon request for napkins or a to go box the fry cook told me rudely they don't have any. Like I said I've never had any problem with them before but this will be my last time I take my money to this food truck if they can't provide proper customer service.
1	I hired these guys to come and work an event of mine on one of our busiest night of the season. We made a written commitment by email that he would show up and stay from 7pm until 12am. With this in mind, we had a radio station that was doing a remote from our location plug his truck 3 times, on the air and we advertised on our website and Facebook that it would be there. At 9pm, just when we were beginning to get busy, the owner of the truck said "We're not making much money. This might not be worth it for us." I explained that the busiest time we have is between 9pm and 12 midnight. 10 minutes later I looked over and the truck was shutting down. I begged and pleaded for him to stay as agreed, since we advertised food and he said, "Sorry. Not making enough money", and drove off. For the rest of the night I fielded complaints from disgruntled customers complaining that we had no food. Do not take this company at their word. They are only out for themselves, period.
