1	The website and sign on door said they close at 2:00 on Saturday. We drove all the way over and arrived at 12:45 and the doors were shut. I called the store and they stated that because it was a holiday weekend they closed at 1:00. They must have trouble with numbers and telling time because the doors were locked at 12:45. A tile place that has trouble with math? Not some a place I'd like to do business with. Totally unprofessional. Off to AZ Stone. Always been super happy with them!
1	It's interesting to see the previous review by Jessie complaining about Emser shutting their doors early. I too was treated badly when showing up just minutes before their closing time.Details? Well, I arrived at 12:55pm on Saturday, when they claim that their hours of operation were until 1pm. Now, I'm not sure how you interpret a 1pm close. For most retail establishments, I think it means you can walk in up until 1pm, with more time to do your shopping. However, the sales manager had other ideas. I was told they were closing down at 1pm, and I had to leave.Yes, that's right, the manager told me to get out.I tried to negotiate my expulsion because there was a strong recommendation by my contractor to buy from them. I thought it would be okay to accommodate the store manager and just get things done in like, 1 minutes. So I pulled out samples I had brought with me (my choices were already made for the most part, and I was looking for cheaper/nicer alternatives) and said, "This won't take any time if you can just tell me if you have anything to match these here sample. See?" The manager looked down at the sample tiles, frowned, then looked up at me and said, "Sorry, nothing really like that here."I looked at my wife to see if she wanted to press further, but she was heading for the door. Not saying anything that would make my native New York accent overly apparent, I picked up my tile samples and left.However, there's more. The final insult took place when their locked exit door would not open. The same friendly manager (so called) looked very annoyed as she leaned heavy into the bolt and forced the door open. In my defense, that door was not user friendly.Now maybe I should have known better than show up 5 minutes before closing. And maybe I should have been better acquainted with the door lock used at Emser. However, I really don't think either was the problem.To get some closure, I spoke with my general contractor the next day using my New York accent to communicate my unhappiness (man did that feel great!). He called the regional sales rep who, that same day, did leave an apologetic voicemail on my cell. I didn't call back, though. It wasn't worth the effort.I guess there are tons of people who buy Emser tile and are quite happy with them. However, I can only assume they come early in the morning and wait politely for the doors to open. All good, but I will not be one of those people.
1	Just plain rude.  Our contractor recommended them and directed us to speak with Beau.  We arrived at normal business hours, walked in to an empty show room without any acknowledgement at all from someone at the counter who we finally learned was Beau.  After 5 minutes I asked how this works and told him who we were working with to a response of "well no one called us".  We continued to walk around looking at tile and even sat at a table looking through a book.  After 20 minutes and two other sales people ignoring us we decided to take our business elsewhere.
