4	What a great gym!  They have awesome deals according to your lifestyle needs, as well clean, well-kept, quality equipment!  The members are all very nice and usually wipe down the equipment after use.  The staff are very helpful and nice as well.  I've been a member there for 8 months now and really the only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is because they have a "military"-incline bench press that has a seat that is faulty and they have not yet fixed it even though there has been complaints on it.  I don't know the reason why, but their main water fountain is always messed-up as well.  Other than that, I enjoy this gym everyday!
4	After taking a tour of the facility, I decided that Planet Fitness was the workout facility for me. I chose the "basic" membership which means that I can only visit this one location and I don't get access to the massage chairs or tanning booths or guest privileges, though I can upgrade at a later date if I choose.This location has a broad selection of modern equipment such as ellipticals and treadmills, all the usual nautilus machines as well as free weights. I was impressed with the "30 minute workout" circuit, which has a green/red light system to help you do a quick run through of machines and some stairs.The men's locker room is tidy with sinks, mirrors, showers and plenty of lockers. There is a cooler with assorted healthy energy drinks available.The facility's hours are excellent, open from Monday morning until Friday evening, then Saturday and Sunday 7 to 7. The location is convenient, right at the intersection of 485 and South Tryon, which is a very short drive from I-77. Plenty of parking, too.The staff is friendly and helpful, though I would have preferred a little bit more explanation and help setting up the machines. I also didn't see much of an area for stretching.
4	I've been a member here since soon after their grand opening.  If you're just looking to do cardio or lift weights, the price really can't be beat.  Unlimited tanning is included in their upgraded package, which still comes in at half the price of the tanning salon across the street.  They offer personal trainers and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Fellow members are polite and mostly consist of average, everyday people just trying to augment their sedentary lifestyles with a little exercise.  Planet Fitness makes it a point to keep out loud, obnoxious body builders and as a result it's a very easy place to adjust to without being self conscious of your surroundings.  The place gets fairly crowded between 5pm and 8pm, when the after-work crowd stops by on their way home.  That being said, there usually isn't a wait for most of the machines, but the benches in the free-weight area can fill up quickly.  On the weekends, you'll pretty much have free reign.I don't usually use the locker rooms, but the times I've walked through they've always appeared clean and sanitary.  The tanning beds are pretty decent 'VIP" models with special bulbs for your face.  They have 6 beds in large, private rooms and I've never had to wait longer than 2 or 3 minutes for a bed.  In fact, usually there's no wait at all.The only reason I could see not to join this gym is if you're looking for special facilities like a pool, basketball court, or aerobics classes.  In that case, there's a Y across the street--but it will cost you!
3	While the gym is very nice and spacious, I will say it did take a little convincing of the desk people to believe I was a transfering member.Great deals, and plenty of cardio machines to get the bare minimum work-out in.  There are NO classes, and specialized equipment is limited, so you truly get what you pay for.  Thankfully, the atmosphere is nice and once you start training, you learn real quick that Cybex is no competition for good ole' fashioned push-ups and crunches.
4	I recently moved to L.A. where, for some reason, Planet Fitness does not seem to exist :( I started searching for gym memberships today and was frustrated at the lack of decent options.Join this Planet Fitness, you jerks who still can. It's what you need a gym to be for a phenomenal price. I never felt uncomfortable and always was able to get in and get out without any fuss.
4	I've been a member of planet fitness off and on since '07 and moving to Charlotte.  This planet fitness is the oldest one in the Charlotte area (there are about 7 now) so some of its equipment is older than some of the rest,  BUT,  it is extraordinarily well maintained,  excellently staffed,  and the manager Antun goes our of his way in client care.   I won't mention free pizza notes and free bagels mornings, which are a basic staple of the planet fitness chain.  My black card has allowed me to work out in clubs from NYC to Miami area.  Great for $19.95 monthly
2	I belong to 2 other gyms in the area besides PF. The staff at this gym is the least friendly.  There was a management change recently and the  atmosphere at this location has changed completely since I joined 5 years ago.  I continue to go here because they are open 24 hours and that's all.
