1	This use to known as the former " View Bar " which was awesome! !! It was actually one of our must visit bars every time we would be out in Vegas. Not anymore. The replace is now Lobby Bar. This place was very disappointing. We walked in at about 10 pm on a Friday night. Not many people there at all. We walked past 2 waitresses who were just hanging out talking. We sat ourselves at the end of the lounge facing the Aria lobby entrance so we can people watch and enjoy the lounge. We sat there for 20 minutes and no one even bothered to approach us and take our order. The drinks are also different now as well as the employees. No familiar faces at all. Looks like everyone jumped ship when this became Lobby Bar and I don't blame them. Bring View Bar back and the great service with the great drink menu. We would be back. But until then, we will continue walking past Lobby Bar onto the following bar that sits in the casino with live music. View bar was great. Had the piano player and relaxing atmosphere.
1	Completely agree with the other reviewer. We walked in past the waitress. Sat down at the front sofa and sat for 20 minutes before my husband finally walked up to the bar to get us drinks. Mind you, there were only 4 other people in the lounge at the time. He found out the don't sell cigars anymore. He walked to the shop to get a cigar while I waited. Still no waitress. We have been here now for at least 45 minutes and the waitress has YET to come over to offer us the snack mix she has placed on every table around us for the people that came in after us or to see if we needed anything else. Like a refill on my drink that has been empty for the last 15 minutes. My husband even tried to flag her down snd she ignored us. Worst service we've ever had at the Aria in the past 4-5 years of coming here. Will never come back. This girl must go home with $20 in tips at the end of the night by the level of service she offers.
4	I am a big fan of the lobby bar in the Aria. I am also a big fan of the Aria as well. This small bar has televisions and friendly staff. Anything you want, they have here.The bar is right when you walk in and next to the hotel reception area. I came here a few times to come in and have a drink before heading to my room or the casino.
2	After a delicious meal at Julians. we decided to move across the restaurant to the "lobby bar" the bar is a very comfy lounge with plush seats and plenty of tables. We seated ourselves and waited for a cocktail waitress to come take our order. After 2 or 3 minutes a girl approached us to give us a menu and said "she'll be right with you" waited again for another 10 minutes, place was not packed, there were only another 3 tables so I decided to go to the bar myself and order, no big deal. The BIG deal now is that the second girl came to our area where there was a table directly next to us she came back to them about 3 times asking if all was fine, she proceeded to also ask the other 2 tables all the while ignoring us completely. The second time I came back with drinks, my friend said the waitress just came and asked if we were done with the menu and took it. When she was yet again asking our neighbors if all was good we called her over and asked her why she was giving everyone else service but us. She proceeded to tell us she was sorry but she was the only one working and kept seeing us with drinks and thought we were okay and that she thought someone else was helping us....UM YOU JUST SAID YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE WORKING THAT LOBBY BAR?!? she put her foot in her own mouth and that right there told me all I need to know. I wish I could remember her name but she's thin and bow legged. With the high prices charged for drinks there I would also expect much better service, exceptional service.By the way we were there for over an hour.Definitely on my sh!t list and won't be back.
5	We love Manny! Drinks are always delicious and service is always lovely. No need for a menu.  Just tell him your preferred type of alcohol (vodka/rum/tequila... + sweet/no sweet/fruity...) and he will whip up something magically delicious! This is our must stop whenever we are in Vegas.
5	We have been coming here for years and the service has always been above and beyond anywhere else. Everyone here is knowledgable and a personality, but if you have the pleasure of being served by Manny or Joe, you will never be happy at any other bar in Vegas. The Lobby bar is a mandatory stop every time I come to Vegas.
5	Really can't say enough about this place. I have been coming here for years and just recently noticed the not-so-favorable review on Yelp. Please don't shy away. Come in, go to the bar (go directly to the bar) order a drink from Manny, Nick or Joe. You will NOT be disappointed!
3	Nice lounge areas, nice resort/casin however over priced. Glass of standard red wine is $15. It's a cool place but as everything in Vegas it is grossly over priced. It worked for us because we were tired of walking around and just wanted a place to sit down.
5	Great bar and great atomsphere! Manny is by far the best bartender I have had! I highly recommend this bar and drinks from Manny!
5	This place never fails! I've been coming for 5 years and I always have an amazing time. Staff is friendly, helpful and welcoming. Order from Manny he will make some yummy drinks and make you laugh all night.
4	Aria has a severe staff shortage right now. I'm not sure if it is because they can't find employees or if they are deliberately cheap. From the valets to the check-in to servers on the casino floor, it seems like all their people are very overworked since they just don't have enough of them. So, after a couple hours of gambling and no cocktail waitress in sight, we decided to take a break and head up to the bar. Same story here, one waitress and one bartender for the whole place. Even though we had to wait a good while for our cocktails, the waitress was super sweet and brought us ice waters and two lovely silver dishes of snack mix. One of them was wasabi peas, a personal favorite of mine. Overall a pleasant experience. Even though the drink I ordered was $12 it was really good.
