5	Thank the Lord (and the people who run this place/franchise) that Roberto's exists. Especially after a drunken night at the Strip, nothing hits the spot like some greasy Mexican food that'll do work on your digestive system the next morning. OK, so I originally had another location in my bookmarks, but my friends and I stumbled upon this location, and yes folks, this location is also 24 hours. The first night here, I ordered some carne asada fries while my buddies ordered California burritos. Came out to roughly 7 bucks, which is normal. they had chile verde salsa at the salsa bar so I took filled up a bunch of mini containers and took it to go. From a drunken standpoint, hands down one of the best carne asada fries I've tasted, besides what I've had in San Diego. I thought Taqueria Chavez in Hayward was good, but holy crap this place took carne asada fries to another level. They use skinny fries, a fair balance of sour cream, guacamole, and shredded cheese. As far as the meat, the carne asada tasted like seasoned steak. I love steak, so that's pretty awesome of them to do it. OK, I know the last couple sentences sounded weird because carne asada is steak, but the flavor just comes out with each bite. The next night, I ordered a carne asada burrito with beans and rice. Usually taquerias only include meat, guac, and onions in the burrito, which I think is kinda boring. The burrito came out to under 6 bucks, and it was pretty damn good too. Add the chile verde and its over. Oh, I tried the burrito after recovering from a buzz, so I was essentially sober when I ate it. If you have a car and you're craving good food after a drunken evening, hit up any of the many locations Roberto's has. So worth it.
5	A 24hour Mexican place??? A 24hour Mexican place that sells CARNE ASADA FRIES AND CALIFORNIA BURRITOS???? if there were 6 stars, it would get that.I actually went on a trip to vegas w/ some buddies (one being the guy who first reviewed this place - LJ B.) We actually went to this place twice, once being drunk and once sober, and both times it was absolutely amazing.  The meat at Roberto's is delicious.  There aren't a lot of people there at 2am so wouldn't know about the crowd. I ordered a California Burrito both nights. My buddies ordered the Carne Asada fries and all of us really enjoyed it.When my buddy, LJ B. went to vegas w/ his family, i actually asked him to bring me back some Roberto's. That's how good it was.
5	Sooo good.I love cheap burritos (as vegan as they can possibly get). I've eaten a lot of them. This one particular burrito I had was sooo good. I will remember it forever. I got some Sierra Nevada from a neighboring liqour store, kicked up my feet at a 29usd a night hotel, and watched Adult Swim on Cartoon Network. It was a beautiful experience. [I like Roberto's even better than Farolito on 24th in SF, I thnk. Shhh! Don't tell.]
3	Stopped by at 2 in the morning with the homies. I ordered the Carne Asada 1/2 Fries and 1/2 Chips and a Dr. Pepper. I spent just under $10. It was just ok. I guess everyone else who yelped about these Carne Asada Fries was eating these while they were drunk so it tasted hella good. I was sober and it was just ok.
2	I take it recipes for Robertos are not all consistent with each location.  I ordered the same as usual.  The Carne Asada Fries and the Carne Asada Burrito.  And it was just not like I had before.I have better luck with the location further down on Craig near Decatur.
2	For the price and quality. I've had better.When I go to a Mexican Restaurant, I like to try their lengua (tongue) because it's how I can tell if they put thought and effort into their cooking. The Lengua at Roberto's is flavorless and greasy. I've had better in Los Angeles. The positive note with Robertos is their burrito contents. They will give you a burrito filled with meat. So filling... but flavor, it's lacking.
5	Roberto's is always the place to go in Vegas when you are low on money and very hungry. Sadly I was almost always both of those while I was in Vegas. LOL! My favorite was always the chicken chimi. This thing could fill King Kong up on a hungry day, and I hate to admit this but I loved how greasy and unhealthy it is. Go chimis! Go Roberto's!
5	Cheap. Authentic. Fast. One on every other corner!?What else can you ask for? Roberto's is the best Mexican food I've had in Vegas. Better than any sit down restaurant and way better than a Del Taco. I usually go for carne asada burrito or chicken nachos, but sometimes opt for chicken tacos, bean and cheese burrito or chicken quesadilla. I've had the carne asada fries as well. Not crazy about them. They're not bad, but just not my style.A must go!
4	Best place in Vegas for Fish Burrito's.  I always get the hot carrots. I have to say, I've ate here probably 10 times and have never had anything but the Fish Burrito.  Only bad part was the table's were dirty.
4	Had to do it, went back to Roberto's for another Fish Burrito.  Gotta lov'em.  One of these times I will try something else.  Still have not had a Fish Burrito that beats this one.
