1	More than $5000 to unclog a toilet! (My story will sound a lot like Mark H.'s story.)I have a condo in Vegas that I am renting out and the toilet kept on clogging. So, we gave these guys a call.They came and took a look at it and said we need to replace the toilet - Cost about $220. Then they changed their story and said that the previous owners have put 'rocks' and construction debris down the toilet -  it would cost us $5400 to unclog! So we called another company and they only charged us $700 - hydro wash to kick the material out.So, $5400 vs. $ 700! Don't use them!
1	Slowest service ever!!!!  It took 4 days to get a water heater repaired and inspected due to the slowest plumber ever and apparently he is the only guy working since he had the day off and no one else came out to finish the job.  I wouldn't let this company anywhere near my home or business ever again.
1	Definition : Price gouging is a pejorative term referring to a situation in which a seller prices goods or commodities much higher than is considered reasonable or fair.I've got a frozen/broken outdoor pipe, It's shut off and not causing damage. These guys show up and want $655 to replace. Yikes.Bye.P.S. when I object the guy ( Doc)  says " some people can afford it and some can't".Nice.
1	In the LVRJ on Tuesday 15th of January , Mark Larkin from Larkin Plumbing was quoted saying a PVB replacement after freezing should cost between $200 & $400, and after my discount my estimate was $605. I had the repair carried out by licensed plumber for $220.  Just saying.....
5	I received a coupon in the mail and hired Mr. Rooter to install a new toilet in our home. I mentioned to the sales clerk on the phone that I read the reviews on yelp about their business and they are not very good. I was blunt in telling her I was not going to pay for a diaginosis fee, I simply want to replace a toilet and expect you to honor your coupon for the price you advertized. My husband said that the plumber was a very nice young man who did as great job, no hassels, no sales tactics. We are very pleased and recommend this business for hire. Thank you for your great customer service.
1	Worst experience of all time. My toilet wasn't flushing all the way, so I called them as I thought I needed it snaked. After tearing up part of my front yard, breaking my sewer box, and lying about some "flooding" they allegedly saw; their Supervisor came and told me I needed to pay $2,500 for a new valve. Of course the boss brought the credit line paperwork with him, coincidentally. None of it made sense, so when they left, (with the giant open hole in my yard, mind you) I called a friend and told him their tall tale. He came over, called another company, and low and behold... My repair (with labor) came to $90!! Yes, they are the ultimate scammers. They even had the balls to try to charge labor for the enormous hole they dug for absolutely no reason! Of course, they didn't see a dime. NEVER use this company! They are liars, and have NO integrity whatsoever.
1	Total scam artist!!  Don't ever trust them!!!  Told me I had roots taking over my pipes and would need to jackhammer and dig up under the house.  Several thousand $'s.  Had another company come for a second look.  ALL LIES!!!  F-ing thief SAM made it all up.  These people should be shut down!!!
1	Scam artist. $598 to clear drain. Went to home  depot rented snake $40 and now fixed
1	Mr.Rooter are scammers they charged me over 400 dollars to run my mainline with the snake machine and then said that my mainline sewer backflow device I was put on the phone with their "sewer specialist" he asked for no less than 2000 dollars to "fix" the problem and then instructed the tech to take the "bad" part with him. The tech was nice and even cleaned up the mess that was made due to my back up at no extra charge and even took it with him in his van. I will never use this company again as I had another come out and charged me under 300 dollars to make the necessary Repairs and gave a 5 year warranty.  Mr.Rooter is a scam and they are doing it nation wide look at all the reviews.
1	I should've known by all the negative reviews not to use this place but since Mr. Rooter is well known throughout the United States I thought it would be okay. If there was a way to give - minus 5 stars  I definitely would.  I am an out-of-state condo owner that needed to have the water pressure in the kitchen faucet fixed. When the tech got out there he told me that I needed to have a new garbage disposal, a new kitchen faucet and to install two water shut off valves because there wasn't any. All this was going to cost me $1125. Yep! You read it correctly $1125. I told him that was outrageous  there's no way that even if I bought a new garbage disposal and a new kitchen faucet and two new water shut off valves that it would cost $1125. I could buy all that stuff from Home Depot for less than $200. He then asked me how much I thought the job was worth. I said maybe $200 -250 at most. He then said his boss said if I wanted to purchase the items they would install it for $300. Not to mention he used my tenants tools to look at what was wrong. I obviously refused the service and told him to leave the premise immediately. I called another company they arrived with-in an hour. They told me all that was wrong was the garbage disposal is clogged and the kitchen sink was clogged and there WERE shut off valves to the water. All that I needed to do was unclog both the sink and the garbage disposal and that would only cost me a service fee and $95. Clearly Mr. Rooter was trying to take advantage of a situation where I was an out-of-state condo owner and my tenant is not very handy. I would NEVER EVER recommend Mr. Rooter to anybody in Las Vegas. Please save your precious time do not use these people they are crooks.
1	Scammers!!!...like the other stories, I got an estimate for $1200 and had another licensed plumber do it for $200. I called and asked for a refund of the service fee and they never did and never called back. AVOID!
5	Prompt response and quickly fixed the problem....all under warranty
1	This place is straight up dishonest and shady. I called to get an estimate to replace a shower handle. I was given a shocking quote of $ 1500.  The estimate said I needed major repairs and I needed to cut a hole in my walls.  The truth I got the  repairs for $ 100.00 from someone who is not out to rip you off !!!!!!
1	This place sucks they showed up 2 hours late, never called me to say they would be late , the plummer stunk of bad body odor and gave me a price that was crazy. They are dad news, Do yourself a favor don't deal with them. Also scroll down and look at previous reviews they are right this place is horrible
