1	Three different occassions I have gone to purchase items at this location and all three times they were out of stock. The third time I even called in advance and was told the merchandise I was looking for was in stock. The clerk, when I asked, wouldn't even go in the back to see if there was additional supply that hadn't been put on the shelves. These were not "on sale" items - I was looking for every day computer and/or video cables and components. Save yourself a trip: Make the trip to the Best Buy in Surprise or to the one on I-17 & Thunderbird.
5	I've been here many times purchasing and/or returning items over the years. Recently purchased my remote start here and had some issues with the starter not working properly. I had NO difficulty going back and getting it fixed and eventually getting a brand new unit installed again. Install staff, Kelly, was awesome and put up with my constant questions.I would not trust my electronics to anyone else.
3	I keep getting behind on my Yelp reviews and blogging so I have been toying with the idea of having a computer at home for quite some time.  Recently I have been looking at the Best Buy ads and this weekend I finally decided to pull the trigger.  I almost got there on Saturday but ran out of time and found on Sunday the same laptop I intended to get was on a 2 day sale that included a free 3 in 1 printer.  Best Buy has in the past not always honored an internet sale price at their stores.  I could have ordered it online for in store pick up but I wanted to pay cash and I haven't figured out how to do that over the internet.  So I called the toll free number and the woman I talked with didn't know if I could reserve one on line or not so she gave me the store phone number.  Talked with Terence and he started by saying my sku was too long but he typed it in anyway and found it should ring up properly.  He then spent about 10 minutes finding the computer and printer and leaving them for me at customer service.  When I arrived I picked up some other items to go with them and a sales rep answered several of my questions and then I picked up my computer at customer service and payed for all it it right there so I didn't have to go through checkout also.Actually a rather pleasant experience.  Over the years I have been in several Best Buys, this one the most.  Sometimes the service is lacking and sometimes like this time it is great.  They did try to up sell me on a few things but not nearly with as much pressure as they used to.  As the sales guy on the floor went over what this computer does compared to my office computers that are 7 or 8 years old he explained about writable DVDs but forgot to suggest I get some and I didn't catch it either so I will pick some up some where.
3	I quite like Best Buy and can usually spend hours here looking at all the new tech toys. The customer service can be rather annoying however. There are times I go in with no intention to buy, I just want to look to kill the time or do a little research for a future purchase and I get bombarded with sales associates asking if I need help with anything. Today I went in to get a car stereo. I couldn't find anyone to help me until I went over to the computer department on the opposite end of the store. They're either a bit overbearing or non-existent. I wish there was some sort of middle ground.I do gave to say that anytime I have come in looking for something, product has always been in stock. And I was surprised to find out just how competitive the pricing really is. I had seen a specific car stereo at Walmart the day before for $200. Best Buy's regular price was $162.99 I also purchased the same aux cable my dad bought at Walmart for $3 less than he paid. I'll keep shopping here. Hopefully their customer service will change and earn them the 5 stars they deserve.
1	So as you can tell by the previous review, I was pretty impressed with the prices of various products on my last trip to Best Buy, but wow the costs for their services is ridiculous.My parents bought me a car stereo on Christmas Eve. As I picked one over budget I paid for the installation. And as it was the last one on the shelf, I also bought the installation kit for my car since no employee was around to help me, I figured better safe than sorry. The kit was $22 and I was still charged $80 for the installation. So basically I paid $102 for the installation.I was however impressed with the speed in which the stereo was installed. Forty-five minutes. But still $102 to install a $162 stereo?Its my fault for not doing some shopping around first. Fry's Electronic has same stereo, $10 more and $20 install. Audio Express has the same stereo for $37 more with $1 install...As you can see from my review on Absolute Computers in February, its common for Best Buy to charge such outrageous fees.http://www.yelp.com/biz/absolute-computers-paradise-valley#hrid:Kdb_Vx1vgQOHujxXVSixnAThey also do window tint. 3 years ago I had old tint removed and new tint put in an old truck. It had 5 windows, cost $75. On a whim I asked what it would cost to have the 2 front windows (passenger and driver) get new tint (and have the old tint removed). Quoted price was $125. For two windows.
1	Hello? GeekSquad?I purchased a GeekSquad install of a wireless router and was told the next available opening was a week away. No problem. Sunday, between 12 and 4 they said. I called about 10am to confirm. No problem they said, we'll see you between 12 and 4. No one came. And when I called the store at 4 to find out why, there was no answer on any of their lines. Thanks GeekSquad for nothing more than a $149.00 bill and NO SERVICE!
3	I will never really think of Best Buy as a great store to go to.  Sometimes the selection is limited and so much of the store is just wasted space with crap, but I still find myself here nearly ever month at least once.  I am not a fan of the pushy warranty garbage they always push at ya.  I do not buy warranties on highly-depreciable electronics.  I should have a button that says that...and wear it when I shop there.  Oh snap, that is something my father would do.
1	I have been to this Best Buy many times in the eight years I have lived in Peoria, AZ and the service is always so-so.  I had ordered a 32 in plasma TV for a Christmas gift for my mom on Bestbuy.com and I received notice I could pick it up Dec. 1st.  I went to best buy around 1:15pm in the afternoon to beat the evening rush and parked close to the store and went in, first of all the new set up is terrible and does not flow, who ever designed the new lay out should be fired.  I made it though the line to pick up the tv, the customer service guy carried it to the front door for me for curb side pick up. When I went out to my car I noticed it has been keyed all over the passenger side from head light to tail light.  This all happened within 15 minutes!  I asked for the security tape to be review to see who did this. Get this THERE IS NO PARKING LOT SECURITY OR SECURITY CAMERA'S in the parking lot at this location! Are you kidding me, it is the holiday season, there are people picking up expensive electronics and if you look at the Glendale crime grid it lights up like a Chirstmas tree around the Arrowhead mall area. This is unaccetable!!
3	The return line was about 10 people deep, and when I got in line there was only 1 cashier doing returns.  I think after 10 mins, the manager noticed another 5 people got in line after I did and finally 3 more cashiers were working the return line.  After another 10 mins, it was my turn and the transaction took less than 5 mins.  Pretty painless but the wait sucked.
1	Horrible customer service.  Seeing as how many of the floor employees are college-aged or somewhere thereabouts, their social skills are about as sharp as a high school student listening to an iPod at full volume while looking at the ground.  There are obviously employees who know all the right techno-jargon (I could hear them talking amongst each other), but not once did ANY employee offer to help me.  They all just seemed to be paired off in conversation with other floor workers without a care in the world, and far be it from me to interrupt them.  There was a general atmosphere of "don't bother us, we can tell you're not a techie."   I was prepared to spend a fair amount of money on a new computer, and associated software, but due to the fact that they did nothing to help me, I took my business elsewhere.   Of course there are plenty of stores that have employees asking if you need help every two seconds, which can be annoying, but at least you feel valued as a potential customer.  At Best Buy Arrowhead, they can really take or leave you it seems.  I am a college kid myself, and I needed this equipment for school.  I was frankly angered by their obvious ignoring of myself and my brother. The one redeeming thing:  although I was bothered, and subsequently left the store, the woman at the door said "have a nice day."  At least one person gives a damn.
1	I will not do business here again.  I went to buy a stereo and was told I needed to buy a kit for my car BUT I couldn't purchase it there NOR through their online store.  So the salesman sent me to another store down the street from them.  This store was closed when we got there and decided to go to Frys electronics.  They had the car kit and an upgraded stereo like the one I saw at Best Buy but chose not to due to finances.  So when I got to purchase the stereo, I was told that they didn't have any in stock & that I would have to go to the Paradise Valley store!  Why didn't they tell me that in the first place!  So I got to Paradise Valley store AFTER I called to put the item on hold since they screwed up and didn't want to drive all the way down there for nothing.  When I picked up the stereo, I asked about installation & the charged $125 for JUST the install.  Any needed items were extra.  What?  No one told me about extra items.  So I purchase another kit for the installation.  I decided to go back to Frys & just get the upgraded stereo and pay only $65 for install (and I had all the parts I needed) then I would return the stereo back to Best Buy.  Well the stereo I saw at Frys was gone : ( they had sold it when I left the store.  Bummer!  Anyway, the installed my stereo and was very happy with Frys.  Best Buy is no bueno in my book!
1	I'll start from the beginning.I was in no frame of mind to deal with what was about to happen.  I was on my way to return the 6th phone in 18 months that had been covered under a Best Buy service plan.  I had picked up my "new" refurbished phone the day before, and the "new" phone had a damaged speaker. When my Mom tried to call me, I couldn't understand anything she was saying through the metallic static.  I've stayed calm and collected every trip into Best Buy, knowing that it's not the sales associate fault that they replace one faulty phone with another.I walked in, I'm sure they could tell I was upset.  A sales associate recognized me from the previous phone issue and asked what was up.  I told him, I just received my replacement phone, the 6th one, and asked if there was anything more that could be done.  He said that there wasn't.  He stated that it could go into service an unlimited amount of times and nothing would be done.  When he said that, I did say, "so they are going to replace one sh**y phone with another sh**y phone?"  In which he replied yes.I just looked down in disbelief and said, "Well, send it out; again, I can't be without a phone."  The Mobile manager started helping, got the process started but then walked away, leaving me sitting there with no clue what was going on.  Finally, another associate came over and asked where he went, he didn't even know.  He sat down and stared at the computer, confused on what was going on and why I was left there.  I'm getting more upset, it's clear they aren't there to help me by then.He had no clue what to do, calls over another employee, who calls over another.  By the time they start the process back up; there will be 5 employees  gathered around the screen in front of me.This is where I started a spiral into my depression.They started making jokes and comments about seeing my social security number, something that gives me high amounts of anxiety.  They continue looking and making jokes back in forth between each other until one person decides they can't figure out how to do a task that is done multiple times everyday. So, they call over another employee.  I'm panicked. Are they really able to see all my information?  They finally figure it out, I have no clue how long it took, but it was a very long time.  They grab my loaner phone and instantly begin cracking jokes about it.  Telling me that I should be embarrassed to be seen with it, and telling me to hide it so no one can see.  Clearly seeing that I was upset, head down, on the verge of breaking down, I felt like I couldn't take anymore.He tries to activate the loaner phone, and it won't activate, he tries over and over again, it's just not happening.  He finally calls someone and gets codes to turn it on, after a very long time.  I just keep thinking to myself, it's almost done, I'll be okay.Just then the Mobile manager comes back, and the attention is taken back away from my issue. Instead, they would rather discuss the schedule in front of me.  I try hard to smile and hang in there through the entire process so far.They activate the loaner phone and I thought, "hooray, I made it".  Then the Mobile manager states "Maybe the 8th times a charm", and they both start laughing.  Seeing how upset I was, I feel that was incredibly inappropriate thing to say.  This is the VERY IMPORTANT part, to me.Without me knowing, without my consent, the worker takes a picture of me, as I was looking down with tears in my eyes, and places it as the background of my loaner phone.  He laughs and hands it to me.  As I looked at the screen, I could feel myself sinking into depression, quick.He says we are done, so I gather up my things and leave the building fighting off tears.I get home, try to text someone, and there are no contacts.  It was my understanding that you are supposed to get a loaner phone, equivalent to the one you turned in.  (ex. Android for an Android)  I'm so depressed that my wife calls the store and speaks with the store manager, tells her the story, and my wife is told that there is nothing that can be done about the situation.The Store Manager calls back some time later and the people who created the issue wanted to apologize to me.  I said, "Why would I want to talk to them ever again, they crushed me, I want the District Managers number."  She gave it to me.I call the District Manager, who informs me that the store manager had already called him, and told him that the person claimed to be my friend.  I told him that I knew his first name and that was all.  He then started talking about how much he appreciated my business, he knew about how I use to work for the company, and thanked me.  Telling me everything I wanted to hear to calm me down as much as possible before he went into a sales pitch.  Telling me, they would look at when the phone contract expired, saying he would find out how much money I would get back for trading my phone back because I participated in the Bu
1	Terrible.  Just terrible customer service and management.  THIS STORE WILL BE OUT OF BUSINESS VERY SOON UNLESS BIG CHANGES ARE MADE.  AVOID THIS STORE.  On purchasing a Kindle for my mom as a gift, my daughter and I waited for 25 minutes for someone to come and unlock the glass so we could get the Kindle and pay for it.  No one seemed to have a key except one guy in the store.  He was behind the register chatting with a customer about tech BS.  I asked for they key and I got, "Hold on let me take care of this customer."  The tech jackasses roaming the floor didn't have a key, and wouldn't try and get one. There were as many employees in the store as customers.  I should've left and taken my business elsewhere, but it was hot and I wasn't feeling well, and I needed to get the gift.Finally one girl tech non-jackass employee felt bad for us and interrupted the key guy and asked if she could get the key as we had been waiting a long time.When we finally went to pay, it took waaaay too long to get through.  We had a series of upsell questions in a very pushy, rude manner.  Unfortunately we had to return the Kindle.  My mom did not like it.  Wouldn't you know it, one day late on returning for a refund as I was in the hospital and dealing with cancer treatment issues.  They would do a store credit.  I understand policy, but it was the way they went about it.  Very rude, the manager had terrible service and communication skills.Employees must be getting minimum wage and treated like crap at this store.  The guy who gave it 5 stars on here said avoid the geeksquad and google instead, that's just poor customer service, since it's a major part of Best Buy.  Should get 2 stars at least knocked off for that.  This piece of crap store should have 1 star out of 16 reviews.
1	I dread going to this store, and avoid it if all possible.  I even am willing to drive a lot farther to the Fry's Electronics which is 15 minutes more of a drive to get something.  That says a lot.  Now this post is not to say I prefer Fry's, but just added that point to show my disgust with this store.  I keep hearing about Best Buy chain needing to do some major changes to stay relevant in today's economy.  Look no further than on 83rd and Bell Road to understand the need for the changes.  Poor customer service and over priced items just make this place my last resort for electronics shopping.
1	I remember growing up with parents that loved Best Buy. They had a Best Buy card. The store was always a cool place to just wander. The staff was helpful and plentiful. The prices were pretty darned good.Nowadays?Finding staff is almost impossible.The layout of the new store is a royal pain. You need to ask for directions to checkout.The staff that is there rarely seems to be able to give specific and useful information about products. And they are constantly upselling. We ask about a tablet and are told about a "better" more expensive model.Geek squad? Hah! I will admit that I've used them in the past. And it generally seems like there is 1 person that really knows his stuff. But then there are 4 more that seem like they are reading cue cards. And the work is shoddy. I was stumped by issues with my old PC at one point. When I got it back, they forgot to reconnect one of the connections to my video card (or maybe forgot on purpose so I'd come back?) and the ties that I had on all of my wires to help air flow did not get reused. Wires were all over the place. And this was a full sized tower.Prices I can't really blame them for. Amazon and Newegg don't need a brick and mortar store. But if I'm going to pay a premium, I expect better service. I feel that I get better service from Newegg reviews than I do from paid Best Buy employees.If I really want to get my hands on something electronic, I'll just go to Fry's. At least there is a bigger selection there and the layout (generally) makes sense. I'll just try and remember Best Buy for the store it was when I bought my first PC from them. From when I got my copy of Diablo 2 from them. Not as the store it is today.
1	Went in to buy a car alarm and was in the section for almost 20min before someone finally came by to assist me. I asked what the differences were between the units and the guy started reading me what was on the box! Really?? If all you're going to do is read, be up front and offer to find someone who is knowledgable about the alarms!I guess everyone that works there are only into laptops and printers!
1	No more shopping at Best Buy for us! After the first incident a few weeks prior to this incident where Best Buy pulled a bait and switch with a promotion (buy an iPad and get a free iPhone). --They were out of the 16 gb iPhone for the promotion, had no plans to order anymore. They tried to charge us $100 for a 32 gb iPhone but we didn't need a 32 gb iPhone. If you don't have the items for the promotion, then stop advertising that promotion, right? After arguing this one with management, we did not pay $100 for the 32 gb iPhone because we were not told any of this until we were purchasing the iPad. Trust me, they got the $100 because their price on the iPad is $100 higher than other retailers (i.e., Verizon $429). A few weeks later, I had an accident with my iPhone that involved water, that we thought was covered by their Geek Squad protection plan. We took the phone to Best Buy and the Geek Squad rep told me that the Geek Squad protection plan on my iPhone does not cover water damage! The Geek Squad rep pretty much called me a liar by saying that the phone had been submerged in a pool for who knows how long - really? When we purchased the protection plan for $14.99 a month we were told by the salesperson at Best Buy that anything is covered under this plan with two exceptions (lost or stolen) -- as it should be for $14.99 a month! To make a long story short, the only answer that Best Buy had for me was to buy a new iPhone 5 for $700 or 5C for $599. They didn't even try to do anything for us and suggested that we try Verizon, and so we did. Verizon sure did take care of us! The Verizon rep even called Geek Squad customer service because he could not believe that Best Buy would not honor the protection plan on my iphone! He said that the Verizon protection plan covers water damage and therefore I would have gotten a new phone! Verizon protection plans cost quite a bit less and cover more so I would avoid Best Buy Geek Squad protection plans! Interesting enough, I left Verizon with a new iPhone 5C that I purchased for under $100 with my iPhone 5 trade-in. Basically, Best Buy was not willing to honor their more expensive geek squad protection plan so we will go elsewhere now. Best Buy will not get another dime of our money! It looks like Best Buy lied to us when we purchased the protection plan when they said just bring it in and if we can't repair it we will replace it! They just told our son the same sales pitch two weeks ago when he activated a new phone at Best Buy.Shame on you Best Buy! I guess the slogan on the Mobile Phone Protection Plan 'Whenever you need us, we'll be there" and "Probably the Best Protection Plan in the Known Universe" is not so true after all! --One unsatisfied customer!
1	Service here is usually never good for us. The employees kind of just ignore you; but it's the closest best buy to home so we just put up with it, but this is the last time we will. I DO NOT recommend this best buy to anyone. So here's what happened. I had bought an iPod at this best buy December 2011 and I had bought insurance on it. So every time it gets broken I get a new one but I pay for insurance again. I've broken it a few times since I bought it. Their policy/insurance/whatever changed; I went in April 2013 to get a new iPod because mine had fallen and the screen just completely shattered and i was told I didn't have to pay, that now you only pay once a year which is cool. So I got my new iPod and blah blah blah fast forward to November 2013 my ipod just isn't working it's "disabled". On the screen of my iPod it says "iPod is disabled try again in 22,965,105 minutes" it's been like this for a few months so I just forgot about it left it in a drawer, and then remembered about it so I thought I would go get a new one. So I go wait in line at customer service, get told to go to geek squad so I go wait in the geek squad line, finally get service from a not so nice employee, i give her the iPod and I tell her what's going on with it and she says she has to plug it in to see if it works so we should walk around for a while then come back. So I do walk around, 15 minutes later I go back to geek squad and she tells me it was just dead....I really wanted to be like "no sh*t Sherlock" but I kept my mouth shut, she says my iPod is locked out and that she cannot do anything about it, that I should go to apple. Like are you kidding. This is your only job and you can't even do it. I feel like she didn't even try which is what made me so angry. Another employee said he was going to take a look at it but I just took my iPod and left. I will not be returning to that best buy I will try my luck at the best buy on northern. I'm sorry for the bad grammar and spelling I was in a hurry trying to type this all out.
1	Looks like they're getting already for Christmas there overstocked everywhere so it's a little bit of a mess, trying to find help is always hard to fine they all disappear and then when they do get help no one knows the answer to the questions I don't think they are as knowledgeable they think, I ended up leaving frustrated and mad I don't know more, What happen to the terrific service, I just  pissed off and aggravated.
1	Did not like the return policy.  There should be exceptions to the rules.  My incident should have been an exception.  When I bought  NetGear in 2012 I did not know it was defective until 2013.  I did not buy a warranty because I expect stores to refund products that were defective.  Using NetGear I kept getting the warning you are not connected the Internet but in a few seconds I would be able to get on.  After seeing the warning for hundreds of times it became annoying.  On Dec. 11, 2013 I unplugged NetGear for the first time and one of the prongs in the plug fell out, which had to be defective from the beginning.  Management would not honor my request for a refund and the Manager really made me angry.  He looked at the plug and accused me of damaging it.  I do not like to be accused of something I did not do.  I would recommend you buy elsewhere.
1	This store use to be good till all the remodeling and everything changing even the staff, they try to up sale a lot not even helpful. I asked about a camera and this man kept trying to tell me to buy a DSLR I was telling him I want a point and shoot but he was just persistent on getting me a huge camera because they are "better" and he wouldn't stop following me around, like I wasn't dressed like a beggar or stealer I was just normal looking, checking out around at cameras and he was like on me. Like so close it was kind of impersonal and he was invading my space like I walked off to look at some other ones and he just followed me and anything I said he would just try to up sale me to something else "better" but not what I was looking for, so I said never mind.
1	Stood around looking at laptops for 20 minutes, not one salesperson offered to help me. And I had $1500 to spend. Since no one offered to help, I left the store with my money, and opted to buy online, straight from Apple. FU Best Buy. Learn how to walk over and say "May I help you?" One guy was wandering around, blowing pink gum bubbles out of his mouth; he walked by me 3 times! But never once offered to help me.
2	It's always a challenge running into anyone who's interested in helping a customer.  Seems like every time I need someone, I have to go interrupt a group of employees are are just standing or sitting around having a conversation.  I've tried just standing where they can see me, looking at things for five minutes, and they don't even move.As with all BB locations, prices are steep, and to get a reasonable price you need to pull up a competitor on your phone and ask them to price match.  They match Amazon, ABT, and a few others, so be prepared for this if you want a decent price.
1	I knew beforehand that going to best buy wouldn't be a good time, but I needed a charger for an electronic device ASAP. I brought the device with me and after trying for about 10 minutes, I was able to hunt someone down to help me. He took me to the section, opened the box and took out the charger and attached to my device. It was a little loose but he said I could just return it if it didn't work. Now it is certainly my fault for not knowing their return policy when purchasing, but it's 15 days. I came in three days late to return it (it didn't work) and they refused to return it. She said they could have still returned it, but in had been opened (I purchased it already opened from the store!!) I get that the return policy is 15 days, but come on. Any other store would have still done the return for a customer and at least offered store credit. I'm surprised they haven't gone out of business yet.
2	Just terrible. Not one person acknowledged us the whole time we were there. We walked in to a group of their LP dudes cracking jokes.Best Buy is not what it used to be. They only have TWO rows of movies (including DVDs and BluRays). All of the movies they have are new.  Atrocious selection.We left with a bad taste in our mouths. Headed over to Fry's Electronics and found both of the movies we were looking for. It's worth the drive for quality service and products.I gave them a pity star for the cleanliness of the store. I'll probably never return to Best Buy again, unless I'm desperate.
1	Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.Never again!!!!
1	Horrible service. Nobody to even help find out if they have more product in the back. I was in there for half an hour before I had to ask if anyone was available to help or if they're all just taking a break. Most employees just sulk around sittin at their posts, not even willing to walk around and put in work. And when they finally did make it around to asking me, the product I was looking for was out of stock. Two things you need to work on. Keeping product in stock and having available associates rather than mindless desk zombies.
1	Don't trust the sales people they are completely useless. One gave me the wrong Mac adapter, even though I stressed I thought he was incorrect. Big shocker he was and I had to drive all the way back. Of course no one there cared. Not surprised they have under two stars.
