4	Went in today because they looked like they were open and got the chicken karraage, dragon roll and baked lobster roll. Everything was really good and served pretty quick. Definitely worth checking out if you want some sushi on this side of town, where there doesn't appear to be too many places serving it.
3	The staff was so precious and helpful and the sushi was Great. Especially for the price! I only have to change rating to 3 stars because after my initial review I came back and found 3 hairs in the same sushi roll.
5	Opened 2 months, this place is exactly what I expect from a fast Japanese restaurant. Prices are good and not overpriced like Kawaii Japanese restaurant. Food was delicious. I had salmon Bento box, $10.95 and well worth every penny. It came with salmon, rice, tempura vegetables, (unexpected) pieces of chicken fried with sweet sauce, a little potato salad, salad, and a fruit (cantaloupe).  So good! I might even stop on the way home to pick up some dinner it was so good.  I recommended it to 2 coworkers already today. It is a lot more Japanese and the menu far more extensive than the competitor Yogi's across Happy Valley Rd.  I would say this is like a fast version of Sakana Sushi on 59th Ave & Loop 101.  5/5 stars for sure.I hope they start advertising and getting more people in there because it's hard to see it unless you drive right by.  It's next to L&L Hawaiian which was closed for just today, so that made me try Bento Box.  Timing is everything sometimes.  The food is a lot more healthy than (still delicious) L&L Hawaiian.
3	So this place is a Korean-owned Japanese restaurant.  I guess it doesn't matter as long as they know how to make the food, right?  The hubs went to order as the boy and I sat at a table.  The hubs and the guy at the register hit it off and did some small talk - he was really friendly.  We ordered 2 of the ramen noodle bowls.  It took about 15-20 before they came out.  The bowl was just okay.  Nothing too tasty and a little bland.  I wish they didn't have the wooden chopsticks that you break apart to eat the ramen - it definitely didn't make the ramen taste any better.  We will come back and try out the sushi next time and who knows, maybe their ramen will be better, too. It's a new place so we'll give it another try.
3	A good place for lunch, don't get me wrong.  The ladies up front were very pleasant and friendly offering good suggestions for what to try.Hubs had sush - spicy tuna, salmon and crab (so I could try it being preggers).  Nothing earth-shattering but tasty none-the-less.  My bento box was well portioned and more than enough.  Everything was good, filling and flavorful - I had spicy pork, which was a little oily but still tasted great.  The panko sides were good, the potato salad seemed odd but perhaps that's bento standard and I loved the sesame dressing on the green salad.  My favorite was and always will be the sushi made just right with extra wasabi and ginger per my liking/mixing.  Yum.  Soon enough, sushi, soon enough. :)
5	Very good! I had the chicken curry bowl and it was delicious. Friend had the Korean BBQ box and she said it was yummy! Will be back for sure.
5	Came here on a whim for lunch and didn't know what to get.  We've been back twice because it was so good. I ordered the  spicy Pork bulgogi bento.  Everything that came with it was wonderful, the salad has been super fresh and crispy, I love the dressing that comes with it, very light soy type of dressing.  The tempura veggies are super fresh and crispy.  I loved the spicy pork.  Not too spicy, just enough kick.  Like Taylor Momo's review, there were a few things unexpected that came with it, and everything tasted amazing.  I don't leave there over-stuffed and in a food coma which is detriment to sitting at a computer all day, but I left feeling full and satisfied.I'm happy to have a new fave place for lunch!
1	Horrible service and bad food. My salmon sashimi was fishy and their California rolls tasted like something you would get from a convenience store. Do not go here!!!!!!
5	We've been meaning to try this place for a while, and we weren't disappointed.  For around $20 for two "box" lunches we had plenty to eat.  The sushi was fresh, the  chicken bits were unexpected but welcome and the service was very pleasant start to finish.  My wife had the Korean beef, quite yummy! We don't do fast food much because of the blandness of McD's and the rest, but we'll go back here no question.
4	Stopped n to get lunch to go.  Took my order and went to eat n my car when i noticed their was no soy sauce n the bag so i jogged back n to ask 4 the soy sauce and the intresting lady working the floor whom i got the honor to watch while i was waiting 4 my order asked what u need ????  I said can i get some soy sauce their was none n the bag and she say's - it b  25 cents , YES,  u heard me correctly - 25 cents......  I'm thinkin okkkkkkk that's weird- ASIA food= soy sauce- so w/o question i gave her my 27 cents after tax  and jogged back out to my car to eat my lunch while i was laughing my a%# off....  I guess i culd have opened the box and poured the FREE soy sauce from the table on my food :}  I will give the restaurant a HIGH rate on the food, it was very,very good !!  Looking 4ward to my next visit & bringing xtra quarter n case i want two soy sauces :}:}
3	I needed a sushi fix and this was the closest thing Google sent me to. It was alright. Service was fine. I ordered a sashimi salad and a couple of their signature spicy rolls... Rolls look great BUT,  mouth watering anticipation is met with disappointed taste buds, sadly. Kinda bland, spicy rolls not really spicy & the sauces are too much of a simple cheap mayo taste and trust me, I love my mayo but this was a no-go. Skip it and go to Ah-So right across the street but if you must, like I said, it's alright. Whomp, whomp, whomp.
4	First time visit.  My hubby wanted a coffee from Starbucks and we had a horrible lunch in Scottsdale several hours earlier so I was left hanging.  I decided to waddle over and get a roll. I asked the waitress for a suggestion.  She asked me how I like it and concluded that the Climax roll would be appropriate.  It was great. I sat outside while my hubby enjoyed his coffee with me. The service was good.  My check with a tip was $15 which is reasonable to me. I will be back.
2	Our first time visit & probably last. We came in here on saturday around 3pm for lunch special as they have advertised all over the window. Sushi was NOT of good quality, (I have been eating sushi for 17 years now, and I am not talking about California Rolls) the fish was warm, yellow tail was old, the salmon was warm & not fresh. The waitress gave us 3 miso soups when there was 4 for of us at the table ordering the same thing & 1 miso soup was half way full, she said she had no more, but then 20 minutes later she served a table next to us with Miso soup, but thats OK... bc we were waiting for our sushi & rather eat that than fill up on soup!!! She didnt even ask us what we wanted to drink, she just brough waters & cups were not all the way full either... It looked like she was the only one working as a waitress & the sushi chef... so she kept putting her plastic gloves On & Off, her was down mot even in the net, so I am NOT sure how hygenically speaking if its proper for someone who is making sushi!!! Around 4:30 another waitress came in & started serving our table, I won't come back here again, the quality of sushi is not good so save your $, I am NOT sure why people in the past reviews are saying its cheap & you pay for what you get, because their prices were the same as other places I have been in BUT the food was 100x better!! I am giving them 2 stars for service!!!
5	Came here a few times before and wasn't that great BUT!!! Under new management and the food is on point! Slow minor changes are making this a diamond in the rough! New management: whatever you are doing, keep doing it! Especially personally serving our sake bombs and opening our beers with chop sticks! My go to for sushi and sake!
5	***Under new Ownership****We've been coming here on a weekly basis for almost a year now. I never found anything to be wrong with the place before but the new owner works behind the sushi bar and seems the quality is WAY better. 20 +years of sushi making experience will do that. We sat up at the bar  and talked with him during lunch, guy knows his stuff!Had fresh Figi tuna sashimi- it was so good. I recommend trying this place specially if you didn't like it in the past.
5	Came by around 5 for a quick bite of sushinom and was not disappointed. Rice was perfect, everything tasted fresh and clean. I got squid salad, tea, cali roll, tuna, and rainbow roll. A little bit spendy but totally worth it!
5	Just had a wonderful dinner. My husband and I each had bento boxes and shared a spicy tuna roll. Being half-Korean, I'm quite picky about my bulgogi and I thought it was phenomenal. My husband typically doesn't care for miso soup, but he described their miso soup as "not too salty and rich in flavor."  The spicy tuna roll was fresh and tightly wrapped -- something I appreciate. The kicker for me was the tempura. Normally I find that sweet potato tempura usually means an undercooked sweet potato, but this tempura was perfectly cooked and quite enjoyable. I found the staff to be quite friendly and had wonderful conversation with them. The restaurant itself was clean and hospitable. We will be back!
4	Very good meal. The two people running the place are a delight. Had a sake bomb tempura salad miso soupSpicy tuna roll all excellent.
5	Another great meal last night. The new owners are terrific people. Saw quite a few people come in for to-go orders. It's now officially on our rotation.
3	I wish I could give this place zero stars. First of all, it was very slow. It is a small restaurant so for the staff to be overwhelmed with very few people in the restaurant is concerning. The tables weren't being pre-bussed, no one's drinks were being refilled. Everyone seemed to be sitting around the restaurant staring waiting for food. The server moved at a glacial pace even though she claimed to be busy. A customer wanted to sit at the sushi bar but it was dirty so she asked the server and the server said "ya it's just busy so it's not bussed". Like what??The server had no idea what was in any of the rolls that I asked her and had to keep leaving to ask. They were out of salmon and pork. My meal came out 15-20 minutes before my mom's meal came out so I was done eating when she got her food. At the end, the owner came out and comped our entire meal (after dumping hot soup on my mom) and suggested we come back and give it another try. The three stars are ONLY for the owner's nice gesture. Everything else was horrific.
5	Whenever I'm visiting my parents in Phoenix, I like to stop by this place. I went there frequently from the moment they opened to the moment I moved to Tempe. I LOVE their tonkotsu ramen, and their gyoza is the best I've ever had! The staff is very friendly and welcoming. So pleased to have them in Happy Valley Towne Center!
5	What a wonderful surprise!  After living in Asia for several years, I came to love sushi.  I really didn't think I'd find anything here in Phoenix that could meet my high expectations.  But I did!  This place is great.  The owners are wonderful, one of which is the sushi chef.  I knew I was at the right place when we started talking about the documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi".  The chef has actually eaten there and strives to provide his guests at Bento Box a wonderful experience too.  It is buried in a mall near Lowes...well worth the trip!
2	First impressions. I'm a stickler with sushi so others might not be so picky.The nori on my spicy tuna roll was tough- too chewy. Rice was not cooked long enough. Slightly too firm. The tuna didn't strike me as fresh. It lacked flavor and was mildly pink. Shrimp tempura roll was drenched in sweet syrup. I can understand a little for flavor and design but this roll was just drenched in it.  Yech. As far as sushi goes, nothing great. I wasn't hungry anymore when I was done with two rolls but that was my only take away from the meal- just that it took away my hunger- not that it was particularly good. MORE annoying was that for a 9 dollar and 70 cent tab my waitress took the 15.00 Cash I gave her and assumed that the extra six bucks was a tip. !!!!!! I was on break at work and the process of getting my change back took WAY too long!!!!   (I sat there waiting for her to realize that I didn't intend to tip her six dollars on a 9 dollar tab.) Finally the sushi chef got her attention when she emerged from wherever she had gone. I asked for my change and when she brought it back she brought back 30 cents!!! (The ACTUAL change from the 9 dollar and change tab not the rest of the change from the 15 dollars cash.)Can I have five dollars in ones back so I can tip you twenty percent of the 9 dollars and 70 cent tab NOT tip you 5 dollars on what wasn't even a 10 dollar tab! Good lord!All that made me late back to work. I still left her 2 bucks but I won't be back.Not worth it.The bad 80's music playing the whole time made it much worse. I mean, ACDC is fine and all, but not blasting at lunch when I'm eating mediocre sushi and waiting for my server to do math. !I'm sure she was new and will never make that mistake again. Unfortunately neither the service, the food, or the decor was enough to entice me back.
4	Very good. Very friendly staff. Orgasm role was Amazing! I sat at the sushi bar and they were very helpful. They knew this Texas boy could handle some heat in his sushi.
4	Friendly staff and delicious sushi!
1	Gave it a 1star because there is no option for no stars. We attempted to eat here this past Saturday. Walked in with my family just after 3PM.  We were greeted by a man sitting at a table.  He tells us that they are closed for lunch. What restaurant in a shopping center shuts down for lunch?  Absolutely absurd!  By the way, the OPEN neon sign in the window was on.
