4	I'm not of Irish descent, but I have attended the Irish Fest at the Riverplex in Homestead for the past two years. This fun, family oriented event has been taking place every year in early September since 1991. Yes, there's Irish step dancing, but also other forms of dance that originated in Ireland being presented here each year by an impressive cadre of professionals from local clubs and dance schools.  Last year I really enjoyed the Irish storytellers and the traditional artisans of the Hedge School as they demonstrated their skills. You can visit with the nice folks who bring their Irish dogs...setters, wolfhounds, Irish terriers and beagles...and learn about the different breeds. They also have a cute petting zoo of sheep for the kids. There's Irish food, a Celtic marketplace, and no shortage of Guinness Stout and Harp lager, which flow freely for the entire four days. All of this is fun, but what makes this festival truly 4 star worthy for me is the music, specifically Gaelic Storm, who always put on a great show. You may not know them by name, but if you've seen the movie Titanic (who hasn't?), they were the musicians featured in the scenes that took place below deck...the fun music, as opposed to the orchestra that played for the mucky mucks upstairs. There are many other musicians and entertainers, but Gaelic Storm is the real draw for me. Advance tickets are $10, and they sell for $12 at the event, so it's a fairly inexpensive afternoon. Go to the website, www.pghirishfest.org, for this year's schedule.
4	How could anyone hate whiskey tastings, traditional Irish food, awesome Irish music, and BAGPIPES!!I had a blast at the Pittsburgh Irish Festival and can't wait till next year. From the Irish "gypsy" marketplace to the Pittsburgh Curling Team the Irish Festival was entertaining for hours. I've never been to the Riverplex before, and I couldn't think of a better place to host an Irish Festival, honestly. Everything was perfectly laid out and easily accessible. I liked how the festival, in some areas, felt like it was in the middle of the woods with all of the trees around Riverplex.
3	I think my expectations were a little too high.   This was a great event for the family.   The festival had multiple stages (some large, some small) for music.   They had a few different varieties of food (traditinal carny food to Irish).The beer was expensive ($4-6)..They alos had animals.My dislikes - - Parking and shuttle (who wants to wait in lines and on a bus to get shuttled to the event)- I did not see a map or clear locations for the where things were - I had to walk around and explore- Events were okay (there were many filler events which were nice but I prefer more bands and music vs children dance acts on the main stageI recommend this is a place to take the family becasue you can shop, eat, and experience a little bit Irish.
1	I've been here for over an hour and I still dont have a drink in my hand. You have to stand in line forever to buy beverage tickets and then stand in another line to actually get your beverage. Why do they have chicken tender and corn dog stands here??My last name is KELLY and I'm getting PISSED. American Guinness, Blue Moon, and Harp??? Really? This is supposed to be an Irish Festival... Not the fucking Allegheny State Fair. The only thing worth seeing here is the live music. Sorry Pittsburgh, horrible job.
2	I went because I won free tickets. However, after going this year I feel bad for anyone that actually pays to get it. Everything is outrageously priced, parking is ridiculous. You have to park a half mile away and walk to the festival. They have shuttles but they are either mini cars or golf carts and only could carry a couple of people at a time. Oh, its also $6 to park!! Parking should be FREE AT THIS EVENT. Beers were 6 bucks and you needed tickets. If you like Irish music than I guess this might be your forte. It was either too hot or too loud for me to sit and actually listen to a particular band. The baileys Irish cream ice cream was delectable , $5 for 2 scoops. I probably won't be back, we stayed less than 2 hours and I didn't leave happy. Sorry, these festivals around the Pittsburgh area are insanely priced, I don't understand how they can keep coming back every year!!
3	Ah, the Pittsburgh Irish Festival. The Irish Festival is an extremely popular event - this year in particular it was swamped. I admit, it's a beloved tradition, but it can also be a bit of an underwhelming tradition some years. I personally know what I'm getting into every year, but I can see where first-timers would get frustrated. But still, there really is plenty to appreciate here, especially if you have a family. I love walking around with my mother every year and always look forward to the following:*Exploring the enormous Irish marketplace.*Saying hello to a friend who brings their gypsy caravan to the event as a nice cultural addition.*Trying the beers and ciders - expensive, yes, but also very, very good and worth it!*Seeing the animals that are brought out - an array of Irish dogs and ponies is not uncommon here, although it varies on the day, weather, etc.*Listening in on several workshops; there are always really wonderful musicians and storytellers here; they're wonderful additions to everything else.*Stopping in at the vendor booths along the paths; the Welsh cookie stand is one of my favorites!BUT, I do admit, the festival is not without flaws:-Food here is expensive and a lot of it reminds me more of American pub food than Irish food, although I admittedly can't comment on just how authentic the food actually is.-The marketplace, despite being an amazing place to shop, is, well, pretty Americanized. For every jeweler or wood crafter that makes their items by hand, there's two stands selling "Kiss Me, I'm Irish" shirts and other things along those lines. It's kind of sad to see so many awful commercialized items mixed in amongst the handmade ones.-Last but not least, yes: parking is a NIGHTMARE. Be prepared to deal with it. I'm sorry. It can't be helped.Well, flaws or not, I'll keep coming back, and I do recommend that everyone visit at least one time! After all, if enough people attend maybe the festival will move to a bigger location with better parking - right?
2	In general, this festival is disorganized and extremely overpriced.  Full priced tickets are $16, and parking is an additional $6 on top of that--and that's before you even enter!  Once you're inside, expect to pay steep prices for food that's really not that uniquely Irish, as well as drinks--both alcoholic and non.  In order to get drinks, you have to stand in line to get tickets, and then stand in another line to use them!  This process should be streamlined so that you can buy and use tickets without having to stand in two lines.The highlights of this festival are the Irish music and dancing and the handcrafted merchandise.  If you're really into those, then it might be worthwhile to go (although even then, I'm not sure, given the price of admission).  Otherwise, I'd give this festival a pass and head over to the Ren Fest, which charges about the same for admission, doesn't charge for parking, and has more reasonably priced food/drinks--not to mention more fun activities and varied entertainment.
