5	I have bought and sold multiple times, represented by Tom Weiskopf. He is a FULL-TIME Realtor. Tom is a professional who takes care of business! Everyone knows a person with a real estate license. Tom is a Real Estate Agent who gets the job done, not just a guy with a license!
5	Steven Jones is a great customer advocate. I have enjoyed working with him . I would rate him a ten out of ten, and I would highly recommend him!! He's been very patient and helpful through the moving process. Moving is hard, but he made it much easier for my mom and I! Thank you Steve!!- Brigid and Kiley
5	I used the team to sell my home and they did a great job. Tom was my agent but the team effect was evident! I will recommend them to my friends. Oh already did as they also listed my bosses house in Scottsdale.
5	I recently used Steve with Scottsdale Coldwell Banker to sell my home in Scottsdale prior to moving to Chicago. He was thorough, handled the listing quickly and marketed my home right away. I went with Scottsdale Coldwell Banker and Steve because they worked in a team of three. Given their experience, I knew that by working with all three agents at Scottsdale Coldwell Banker I would see more traffic for showings. I highly recommend this team. They sold my home at the listing price within a month of listing. Awesome work guys - thanks again!
5	I used Steven Jones at the Scottsdale Homestore to list and sell my home near Cave Creek. The team was so good and took care of everything. The house sold and we had to pack up. I would recommend them highly.
5	Peggy is a pleasure to work with. If there was an extra star for personality she would get it. If you are looking to purchase or sell this is the team to use.
5	Tom Weiskopf recently sold a home for us that was listed on 11/12/13 and closed on 12/31/13.  We never realized that selling a home could go so smoothly and quickly!  From the very beginning Tom and his team did a great job of marketing the property and held numerous open houses.  Tom's experience and professionalism was greatly appreciated.  We have already and will continue to recommend them to our friends.
5	BEST IN CLASS!Just bought my second home and this was the best process yet.  Steven was just incredible.  Even climbing on roofs to show me what to look for and potential issues.  I never worried for a second because it was like having this calming presence around as the process transpired.  Everything he said would happen, did.  I will never look for another Realtor in the valley...  And Tom is right there with him all the way.  These two make the A-List for sure.
5	Steven and Tom sold my home within 30 days. I like the way they do business so much I used them to buy a home in Scottsdale as well.
5	Tom Weiskopf made our first home buying experience and absolute pleasure.  He was very attentive to our needs, followed through  on every single detail possible.   We are very happy with our new home and the experience Tom gave us.  I would recommend Tom and his team to any buyer or seller.   Thanks again Tom.
5	So my experience actually got even better with Steve!  If only Yelp had 6 stars!  After moving in I called Southwest Gas to turn on my gas and discovered that there was not an accessible emergency shut off valve for my cook top. After having two plumbers out to handle this and them taking one look at the job and saying they could not do it, Steve came over without hesitation. In 10 minutes he had two screws off pulled out the oven. Found the valve and went to the hardware store. He fixed what two plumbers could not in less than an hour. Who does that these days?  Steve Jones. Call him now!
