4	I was recommended to S&N by Ashley A.  I needed a skirt hemmed and I had 2 dresses that needed to have cups sewn into them.  The end result was great but I felt that the process was like pulling teeth.  If you read my review perhaps you can have a smoother experience!When I first arrived I was informed that I would need to provide cups.  I've never gone to a seamstress before that didn't have the cups already.  When I returned the next day with two different types of cups I was told neither of them were correct.  (Apparently I was supposed to get the hard Styrofoam like cups...um no thanks.)  We figured out what would work best and ended up taking up the straps of one of the dresses as well.  My husband picked everything up for me (isn't he the best?!) because I had to go to Flagstaff for the day.  The overall charge was more than I was quoted because more work was needed than originally though.  The price was a little on the high side, IMO, but the quality was good. One last note- its cash only.
1	My wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.  This kind of customer service (or lack thereof) is simply inexcusable for any business establishment.  I advise you to go elsewhere for your tailoring needs.
1	I had a terrible experience at this shop-The owner is rude- my work was not done on time- I was yelled at and accused of having an expensive handbag- she ordered me to pay in advance- I think she is a nut- she did not call me to tel lme my dress would not be ready- it wa a special occasion. stay away
5	I would definitely recommend this place. Good prices and excellent service. You have to just bring in whatever and Annie will provide you with great advice on how to make your clothes look better. She does everything so try this place out.
5	Being a petite woman with short legs and arms, I constantly need alterations on clothes. Suhela has been doing fabulous work for me since opening 15 years ago.  I trust her with any job. And she's honest - told me last weekend that the pants I brought in for shortening did not need it (my teenage daughter agreed). I highly recommend her. But know that she doesn't accept credit cards so bring cash or a checkbook.
