5	My favorite Madison mexican restaurant.  The decor is vibrant and traditional and the food is very authentic and colorful with lots of fresh veggies.  Great chips and salsa.  All-in-all, a nice fresh take on a cuisine that can get very predictable.  A little more expensive than say, Casa de Lara, but I always look forward to eating here. 5 stars.
3	The food is fantastic and I love the layout of the large space Frida inhabits. Watched most of the World Cup games there this summer, and was pleased enough with the quality and speed of the bar service I recommended the place to fellow World Cup spectators, which increased my posse threefold by the finals. When we showed up for the France/Italy championship match, we were greeted at the door by a friendly hostess who was instantly interrupted by a man who reminded her loudly that all customers that day were required to order food. Between the time we walked in the door and our butts hit the barstools we heard this same man make the very same announcement to different staff members at least four times.Now, there are several problems I have with this: 1) you set up a temporary yet strict policy and want it enforced, you train your employees beforehand --not belligerently, and certainly not in front of customers. 2) Our group would have ended up spending twice as much money than we did if we hadn't been required to order food, since most of us had eaten already and were too full afterward to order the original barrage of margaritas we had hoped for. 3) The restaurant clearly wasn't prepared for the large task of making food for EVERYONE in there, as the service was excruciatingly slow, wrong meals were delivered, and the sound of falling trays and dishes was only barely punctuated by the bossman shouting insults to his staff. The experience was horrible. And the owner was the person responsible! Amazing.Go there for the food, go there for the friendly service and tip your servers well. But I personally avoid the place like the plague if the bossman is around.
4	Came here for a late Sunday lunch and paid under $20 for two people.  Their lunch menu is great - almost every dish was $6.99!  Good chips.  Salsa was ok.  The Mole Poblano Enchiladas were very good (not a lot of places know how to make a good mole sauce which is a rich, dark chocolate colored sauce and is made with onion, garlic, a variety of chiles and a little bit of chocolate - savory and delicious! ).  I wasn't too crazy about their black beans (and I normally love black beans)  it tasted a little off.  Although I did like their refried (pinto) beans.  Overall, it was great place to grab an inexpensive and satisfying lunch.
1	Frida's is over priced, under inspired "Mexican" food.  The cuisine is neither authentic or unique. (or even tasty)  While I love salsa night as much as the next girl, I really would never go here to eat again. (Not when Casa de Lara is within walking distance, and El Pastor is within driving distance.  Seriously no matter what interpretation of Mexican food you prefer you can always do better than Frida's.) As for those seeking employment, I urge you to avoid this place. (I've never worked here, but I've had close friends who have. Check out Shawn S.'s review for a brief illustration of what I mean.)
1	I was a bit dubious of this choice when I saw it but what the hell, outdoor patio, right? This was arguably the worst Mexican food that I've ever tasted. My enchiladas were lousy (I felt like the sauce was made with tomato paste) and even the high end margaritas tasted like a sweet mix. The waitstaff also seemed to be a bit out of it. I think the lesson learned is don't eat Mexican in Madison, WI.
3	Grade: C-Is there such a thing as really good Mexican food? I guess if you like paying a lot for crappy Mexican food, then this is the place for you.
4	I was wandering around downtown Madison today and ended up here for lunch.  Typical Mexican food outside of LA .... sorry I have been come biased since I have moved to LA years ago.  It gets a star for a lunch menu with most items $6.99.  The food was better than expected for that price.  I was disappointed with the sangria, but I think that might be I am a wine snob and don't like drinks made out of wine - so no deduction for that.
1	Food and drinks are okay, but this place is very, very unclean.  If you go, don't look at the floors, the walls, the bathrooms, the air vents... Perhaps the evening events bring in enough money that they don't have to worry about the times of day when people can actually see the filth.
1	i grew up in madison but  went to school in ny and now live in chicago.  most summers, however, i lived on the uw campus.  now i frequently visit as my friends/family still live in the area.one summer when i lived on langdon my friend got a job here.  she needed a job badly, and had worked in food service at various madison area restaurants for years.  she quit after a mere 4 hours.  she said the management was extremely rude and made some remarks.  the only adjectives she would use were "gross and sexist."also, she said they take expensive tequilla bottles and pour in GENERIC BRAND CHEAP SHIT.  talk about a scam.avoid at all costs.
2	Mediocre food with not so great staff.  Dined here with a pre-ordered party of 20.  Food was ready for us--laid out on a table next to our party and getting COLD.  One not very articulate server made for even more difficulties--it's not as if his job was really hard, the order was already made he just had to hand it out courteously.  I was here once before on salsa night-wasn't too impressed either.
1	The food here has always been mediocre, but the service has taken a serious nosedive.  Two friends and I stopped in to enjoy 1/2 priced margaritas, and were told we had to order $5 of food per person.  After choosing from the very uninspired list of appetizers, my friend was given a clear plastic cup to sip her margarita from.  Like a Solo cup!  When asked if she could have a big girl cup like the rest of us, the waiter informed us that Frida is "switching to plastic".  How environmentally informed of them.  Did I mention we weren't given any chips and salsa?  The atmospheric highlights included the flies swarming around our food, and the frat boys in their JC Penney ties shouting and gesticulating from the loft.  This place is also horrible at dealing with groups.  I went for a friend's bday, and they wouldn't split the check from 20 people to groups of five or even ten.  Half-priced margs or not, I will not be returning to Frida.
1	Spent a while walking around trying to decide where to eat, and ended up stopping here.The food was fine.  I liked my dish, but it wasn;t spectacular.The service was really terrible.  We were sitting outside and saw our waitress three times.  When the order was taken and when the food was ready and when she brought the check.  There was no asking if we wanted more booze (even though she had already upsold us on the original margarita), and getting her attention when she was walking by to service the other table was impossible.  After she left the check we waited about 20 minutes for her to come and run the card, but that never happened.  Had to ask the hostess to take care of it.  She gave it to the server who, annoyed, returned it with a simple "there you go".Hopefully she was just having a bad night but that wasn't the impression that I got.
2	Completely disapointing.  Cold food, poor service.  Our server (who as best I could tell was actually the bouncer for their nightclub) knew nothing about the food or drink (he gave us a light beer when we asked him to recommend a dark).  I imagined the food to come from some cold buffet in the back room, based on it's condition when it arrived to our table.  There are so many good restaraunts in Madison, I wish I hadn't used up one of my evenings out trying this one.
3	Is the food good? No. Is the service good? Actually, yes. On Monday night my 3 friends and I had several margaritas (because they're 1/2 off!!) and dinner there. The bartender was very nice and the drink was appropriately strong, and the table waiter was also very pleasant to 4 of us. The place was not that happening on this particular night  - I think it's partly because of the holiday emptiness the college town experiences + ultra cold night - so no body was kicking us out of the door in hurry. We stayed and chatted long after taking care of the bills, and they didn't seem to care. Has the food been authentic or anything close to that, the dining experience would have been a bit more pleasurable on palate, but over all, not too much to complain about.
1	Went for dinner passing thru town in January. Had the salmon. Was quite good. Went again in June. The salmon was WAY, I mean WAY overcooked. It was so overcooked it was tuff. I told the waitress the person who prepared it was a complete novice. She offered to have it redone. I said OK, and to tell them to actually put some "blackened" spices on it! Although on the second round it was cooked properly, the food prep person just added (obvious) salt to the salmon, instead of actually putting a reasonable portion of "blackened" spices on it. Although it is a pleasant, interesting restaurant in terms of ambience, the owner is apparently too cheap to hire (or train) competent food prep staff.
1	Food=Bad. Service=Ok. Ugh. If given 20 minutes in the kitchen I could concoct tastier chicken tacos from old tires and sweaty socks. Even the tortilla chips were bland. Hands down worst "Mexican" food ever. The single redeeming thing about the restaurant was the nice outdoor seating; the sun was nice.I ate one of 3 chicken tacos and resorted to filling myself with the mediocre nachos and salsa. The re-fried beans were bland and the rice lifeless (I think it was Uncle Ben's). I left my with my tacos in a to-go box. As I made my way down State Street a guy on a bench asked if I could spare my left overs. I offered them over with the explanation of how bad the food was. He didn't seem to mind. Bottom line=Save your money. Go to Taco Bell.
4	I actually really liked Frida, I'm glad I went there in disregard to the lukewarm to awful reviews on here. The service was really nice and helpful, not over attentive but definitely at hand when needed. I ordered the Spinach Enchiladas, which were a bit bland for me - the addition of my side order of diabla sauce was a good choice. The desserts are seriously delicious, we had the chocolate cake and the flan split between 3 people and had a bit of trouble finishing them after our ample entrees. I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, complete with colored lights overhead and lots of Frida Kahlo paintings. From my drinking age companions, the signature margarita was good and they knew how to make a truly dry gin martini well. I didn't find the place uncleanly and the food was delicious with a lot of items you don't always see along with the good classic staples you would expect to find.
1	Possibly the worst service I've ever had in Madison.  A hostess once tried to take away the table we'd just been seated at because some friend of hers wandered by and wanted to be seated immediately.  I've often had to wait quite awhile for waitstaff.The food is nothing special--not BAD, but definitely overpriced.  The half-price margaritas, the only reason I ever go there, are pretty good, but they recently instituted a requirement that you purchase like $10 worth of their overpriced food in order to get a table rather than being confined to the bar.  Not worth it.
2	To say I was disappointed with Frida would be an understatement. We went here to that we could hear Jazz in the Square while enjoying some sangria.  The sangria mostly just tasted like watered down franzia.  There was no fruit or anything in it at all.  After getting our pitcher of "sangria," we thought we should order something even though we weren't hungry just because we were taking the waitresses table for an unknown period of time.  We ordered some type of cheese appetizer that was so bland I can't remember anything about it besides that it was gross. The service was quite friendly and they weren't pushy trying to get us to leave so that is the only reason they are getting 2 stars instead of 1.
2	This restaurant is very nice on the inside but the Mexican food is definitely not the best I've had.  I don't think I would call this place bad, but there is nothing special or desirable about it.  I would avoid weekends because it gets busy and the food is not as good.
1	Simply poor service. Went there for a drink, the place was pretty busy, so I sat at the bar. Ordered a beer and a buddy ordered some chips. We waited probably 10 minutes for the beers, chips never showed. I tried to pay one of the bartenders for the beer but he said he couldn't run the register. We had to wait another 10 minutes or so for the other bartender to pay for the drinks and left. Bad form, guys.
1	Holy crap was this place awful.  I had read all the horrible reviews and thought to my self, this place can't be that bad can it?  I walked by and saw this colorful little spot and thought I'd check it out but then I realized it was THE Frida.  What a mistake I made, I've had better texmex at Taco Bell and it still gave me the runs.  The food was positively bland and but I'll admit that the waitress was very nice and helpful.  I can't understand why there were so many people eating there the day I went.  Well I guess they were actually all drinking tons of margaritas so at that point is doesnt matter what kind of food you are cutting the alcohol with. Also the fake Frida murals were hella cheesy.  Texmex cheesy.
4	I'm not entirely sure what all this "bad service" nonsense is about.  I've generally been pleased with the servers here.  I've also found that the food is served fast and fresh.Regarding the quality of that food: questionable.  The food is hardcore mediocre mexican.  It's nothing to write home about, but it's fast, hot and tastes fresh.  Just not that great.The margaritas were really the reason that I dragged my ex to this place so much.  The margaritas were pretty decent and came in many different flavors.  Plus, they come in insane novelty sizes.If you want good Mexican food, I suggest you try Casa De Lara, down the street.  This place is mostly for the drinking and the nightlife.
1	My first question to Frida's owner regarding the women's bathroom is this: You seriously think it's okay to allow customers to go in there? Knowing he'll say, yeah, sure, why not, my second question to Frida's owner is this: Are you f-ing insane? Do you see things most people don't, like cleanliness when there's only stained toilet seats and pseudo stalls? Do you see quality when others see terror? Do you see dead people with spray cleaner and mops? You must, because seriously, your bathrooms are like my first apartment: super ugly and super scary. The place is so dark, Sherlock Holmes couldn't find the toilet paper with a treasure map and Blackbeard holding a torch to light the way.I also want to know why their rice and beans tastes like water. The rice isn't an M&M, yet it melts in your mouth. Not a good quality for a grain. The beans may or may not be legumes.Why You Should Be Embarrassed to Own this Place: I make better rice and beans than you, and I'm f-ing Native American. Get a handle on your menu and your louvre, and I'll consider going back.
3	Within a stones throw of the beautiful WI capitol building this place is where I had my first margarita ever.  I really hope there is more to them than salt and tequila taste....The food was average mexican fare, drinks were ok, staff was really cool and the pictures of Frida Kahlo made me go into the bathroom every 5 minutes to make sure I didn't have a uni brow also...If you are in town and want to pick up some college girls go here because unless it was some anomaly it seemed like every table was filled with young ladies.  And either I am getting really old or young girls are looking much younger than when I was that age.Nice place, I'd go again.
1	I should have known better than to try Mexican food in madison, I live in CO and the bar is pretty high. I had steak fajitas. The steak was sliced into 6" strips and the flour tortillas were only 5", so there was always meat hanging out of the fajita and inevitably you were not able to bite through the meat so ended up with pulling a strip of steak out for each bite.The tortillas...dry and nastyLearn my lesson.  You are in Wisconsin, not the Southwest, avoid the Mexican food and go eat something the locals know something about.
2	Pretty bad food but a nice ambiance sitting outside. Standard chips and salsa to start: chips overly greasy, salsa with no "kick" (and very little flavor besides pureed tomatoes.) We both ordered tacos: fish, and chicken. Chicken tacos come in corn tortillas: a little healthier was my goal but no: the tortillas were brushed in oil before being used to form my tacos so picking them up was more of a greasy mess. Also absolutely loaded with cheese and very little meat. My wife had the fish version. Deep fried tilapia in flour tortillas. Decent tasting, but again, very greasy. Standard sides of refried beans and rice came with both. A nice day drove us to this place; a margarita outside sounded appealing, unfortunately we should have stuck with the drinks and no lunch.
2	Frida's is mediocre, at best.The tacos are generally dry as the desert and the beans are like eating sand; and I've had their steak tacos twice (I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume it was a fluke--not the case.) Their cheese quesadillas are just as lifeless and lacking in flavor.I've never had bad service here, but I can safely say that there's only two reasons to come to Frida's:  one, their margaritas are excellent--especially if you're stupid like me and don't mind trying to down a 28 oz. one (they have larger ones as well) in about an hour and a half time frame or more. Two, their desserts. The Tres Leches is to die for: it is rich and decadent with sweetness that makes you sit back in your chair and get a food coma.If there is one reason I will return to Frida's, it's for the margarita and Tres Leches.
1	The food at Frida's is LAME. Not so bad in the sense that you'll want to vomit, but certainly bad enough that you won't even think twice about throwing away your leftovers instead of taking them home. I'm not exaggerating when I say that it really is some of the most mediocre Mexican food I've ever had, and that you honestly can get more flavorful Latin cuisine at Taco Bell. To start, the meat is dry and totally free of any significant spices or marinade, leaving you with a stringy and uninspired base for the dish. The tortillas are tough to bite through, even when soaked in the flavorless liquids that adorn your plate. The beans taste like they came straight from a can bought at the dollar store, and the vegetables aren't all that fresh. And because every dish they make is incredibly tasteless, Frida's will load up on obscene amounts of cheese to compensate. The cheese is equally as hopeless, tasting like nothing but chewy grease. Frida's only redeeming quality is the atmosphere - a large, well-decorated 2-story loft - unless you're not a fan of looking at a giant picture of woman with a unibrow while you eat, I suppose. All in all, dining here is a horrendous, underwhelming experience. Don't waste your money. Casa de Lara is 2 blocks away.
2	The sangria is pretty good, and is more reasonable by the pitcher than by the glass.  There's also a happy hour special of 1/2 price apps, so that's Ok too.  I've been to Frida a few times over the last few years, always at someone else's suggestion but would not go out of my way to eat there.  The service is OK, and appears to have improved since my last visit. Food value is fair, so while I'm not in love with the place, I don't leave feeling completely ripped off either.
1	The food is not good. I've been to Frida a few times since it opened, and I've never been happy with the food. The margaritas are pretty good, but definitely not great. If you can lobby your friends to go to a different restaurant, I would.
2	the outdoor seating was nice.  margaritas were pretty good.  food was not good at all.  So if you want to hang out on state street and have a drink, it's nice.  If you want good food, go somewhere else.
4	well, we went there at 10pm on a friday and the place was starkly empty.some burley men were creating a dance floor by clearing the place of its furniture. so we expected a party of reveling dancers to come in (there were like 2 latino men at the bar, so we thought it was like an underground durangeno dance hall on friday nights. incorrect.)anyway, 1.5 hours later, no one had come in and the burley men replaced all the furniture. no dance party at all! sad news!anyway, we just drank a lot at the empty bar at the side of the restaurant. who can really complain.as usual, it was nearly free to drink alcohol. i had two literal tankers of red bull and vodka for like 3 dollars each.it seemed like the bartenders didnt want us to be there and kind of ignored us but i guess that made it harder to black out, which is a good thing for everyone.
2	VOMIT ... I give it two stars because it had food, and I thin I got drunk ... The salsa was horrible.. WTF was it .. it was tomato sauce and some tabasco mixed together I swear, the service had sucked, I don't know how they stay in business... I went on a bad date their.. so I ended up drinking I think that was the only thing good about the place
1	I went in, was seated and told, "A nice young lady will be with you in a minute." I sat, closed my menu, stared out the window, read from my book, sent some texts. I then watched a couple next to me get seated, and receive drinks and menus. I got up and walked out.
4	This place is getting a lot of crappy reviews, but I've never had a bad experience here. Yes, I've occasionally had some interesting waitstaff experiences (nothing drastic), but the food is good, the drinks are good, and the decor is really cool. Per some of the other reviews, they might need to get more organized there (if you're not getting waited on, ask someone to help you!), but in my expericence, it's not bad. Not the absolute best Mexican food I've ever had, but I've had some really good meals here.
4	Oh man, Frida's isn't getting much love these days from reviewers but personally I've never had a problem with this place.  I usually order the pork chimichanga which I always find to quite tasty and well made.  The meat is always tender and well-spiced and the shell is made with a red tortilla which offers a slightly different flavor than your average tortilla.  The dish also comes with a ton of beans and rice on the side, guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.... far more than I could eat!  Last time I went we ordered a pitcher of strawberry margarita mix and everyone was pleased.  Our waitress was very friendly and willing to answer questions about our meals (and we did ask some) and even had the forethought to split our check four ways for us before we asked.  She was really great!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the booth we were sitting in had seen better days and I ended up sitting on a spot with broken springs.  I was a couple inches shorter than everyone else and it was definitely odd.  Fix that booth Fridas!
1	My friends were roped into having their rehearsal dinner at Frida's when their original venue closed unexpectedly. It was unfortunate. We pre-ordered, but it took an hour and a half from the time we arrived to the time we got our inauthentic Mexican food. I got the carne asada, and the steak was tough and overcooked. The refried beans had that been-sitting-under-a-lamp crust to them. One of the servers started yelling out the names of the plates across the whole room, even though we had little stickers marking what we ordered. It was a hot mess.Dinner was still fun (of course---it was a pre-hitchin' dinner!), but the margaritas and the sangria were the only high points for which Frida's can actually claim credit. Still, I'd never come here again.
3	Average place for a campus restaurant.  We just had maragaritas and chips and guac/salsa.  The margaritas were tasty, not the best, but tasty.  The salsa tasted like pizza sauce with tabasco and the guac was pretty boring.  But drinks outside on State St. made it worth it.
1	I used to work downtown and went to Frida for lunch all the time. I thought it was great!  Note the past tense. My friends and I (including 2 toddlers and a baby) arrived around noon for lunch. We sat on the patio outside and had the place to ourselves. Our server wasn't very friendly. I asked her where the tostadas were on the menu and she said the menu was new. I was really sad ( I LOVED THEM!) but ordered enchiladas and a taco for my son.  I also ordered guacamole and was very disappointed. It's creamy texture makes me think it wasn't homemade which I find to be unacceptable at a Mexican restaurant. The waitress never refilled our chips. The salsa was watered down (I don't remember it being that bad). I asked for sour cream for my enchiladas which never came. The waitress came back to ask if I had received it and I said no. She asked if I still wanted it and I said yes. I needed something to wash down the dry enchilada. I am not sure if she charged me or not. I was also surprised by the prices--a root beer was $4 and I was charged extra for ground beef in my enchiladas! I ordered a steak taco for my son and the meat looked inedible.I must disclose the fact that we weren't the quietest customers. Dining with 2 toddlers is tricky so I got my son a bag of popcorn and he proceeded to pour a lot on the ground (I am very sorry for this). Later, the patio started to get really crowded and my son and my friend's son were getting loud so we asked for our check.  I took my son away so he wouldn't disrupt anyone else and waited for my friends to join me. About 15 minutes my friends came to find me saying they had to look for the waitress to run her credit card. You would think she would want such loud customers to leave as soon as possible!
2	I initially went because they served under-agers, the margaritas were good.  The food was decent nothing outstanding.The reason it is given a bad rating though is because of its reputation of the management towards the employees.  The first time I heard it I thought someone was bitter at the management.  Within my 5 years at Frida's I heard many times at how the owner didn't treat his waitresses with respect or dignity.  This is why I don't go to this place or recommend it.
1	The margaritas are good and priced right if you go during happy hour. The food, however, is awful. Nothing here is remotely authentic and, compared to the great places like Los Gemelos, Tacqueria Guadalajara and Francisco's Cantina, this place has nothing on any of them.Frida's can be summed up with two words: overpriced and mediocre.
2	There's a large, beautiful painting on the inside of Frida's if you sit to the left of the hostess station.  Only, the painting is too big for the wall and it was hung sideways.  This is a good metaphor for Frida's.The food is so-so.  The carnitas quesedilla is typically smothered in cheddar cheese and grease, so it's tasty.  But there's no spice and it's soggy.  The chips and salsa are average, unless you ask for the hot salsa which is actually hot.  The service is below average, even if you go when it's not busy.  Even though I go there probably twice a month because it's close to work, I've never had the same server twice which leads me to believe the turnover is high, even for a restaurant.  Frida's has potential.  The inside is beautiful, the menu has enough variety.  But everything is a little sideways.
1	The hostess/waitress was stained with food from head to toe.  The food was not appealing looking and the taste was comparable to the fast food chains.  The aftereffect is what pushed me to write this review as I am now very sick.
2	I've been to Frida's about 5-6 times in the past three years and it seems every trip I enjoy it less and less. It's not because of the service. There was only one time where we received lackluster service...and the place was nearly dead. The host seated my husband and I, and then we sat for 15-20 minutes, watching another couple be seated and have their drink order taken by an attentive server. We try not to be dicks. We're reasonable people. So we kept amused by betting each other if our server was smoking out back or shooting heroin out back. The host finally came by to take our drink order, and then a sheepish & stoned looking waif of a server wandered over to take our dinner order. Your guess is as good as mine whatever he was doing "out back".If the margaritas weren't so strong, I'd be giving this 1 star. I used to live a ten minute drive from the Mexican border, so I understand the logic of lowering expectations so far north of the border. But I think they could try just a little harder. I like their complimentary chips & salsa, but Frida's guac tastes like it's pre-packaged. The food is ok as long as it's hot, but the flavors aren't memorable. The last time I ate here, I sat in a broken booth with springs poking my rear, which caused me to slouch over toward the wall with the huge mural on it. From this viewing advantage, I was able to notice that this place hasn't been dusted or thoroughly cleaned in ages. There are large cobwebs and a thick layer of fuzzy grime coating the fake plants and the side wall where the broken booths rest against. The mural of Frida has reflective drips where some clearish liquid spattered her face and was never wiped off. Being an artist, it is sad to see Frida Kahlo's face disrespected that way. And if the dining area is this neglected, I'm not too hopeful about the cleanliness of the kitchen. I'd like to add that I'm not one of those people who carries hand sanitizer everywhere or bleaches her kitchen and bathroom, so for me to say something's icky may put it in perspective. Maybe I didn't notice how dirty it was in the past because I was too busy sucking down their yummy margaritas.Here's the kicker: On my last visit, I was finishing the last of my margarita at the end of our meal when I saw a small roach scurry across the table. It practically fell into my lap, and brought back unpleasant memories of my infested apartment in college. I didn't do the "girl thing" and scream or jump out of the booth, but I might be done eating food here. However, I remain open-minded to having margaritas out on the sidewalk when the weather's nice. We'll see.
2	Sad Frida's closed, but you can get the same "Frida's" margaritas across the street at Moe's. That's really the only reason my friends and I went here.
