3	First visit...such a nice location and furnishings but the lightning is really horrible!  Office type fluorescent overhead lights have to GO!  The food... Brisket was fabulous, St Louis ribs were dry and fatty, pork sandwich fantastic!  Liquor license pending, but needed.  I hope they last, we need something besides pizza, cheap bar food and Asian food in this town
1	Deleted my review not worthy
5	The best pulled pork ever!!! Fresh buns! Creamed corn was dreamy! Both the regular fries and the sweet potato fries were excellent. And the bacon wrapped hot dog was deep fried and delicious. Highly recommend this place! PS - open patio and dogs are welcome. And there is an open view of the lake.
2	Was looking to taste their bbq..so had a coupon for buy one get one free sandwich.  I was surprised nothing comes with the sandwiches no coleslaw or a side nothing just the sandwich.  The chicken pulled sandwich was very very dry and the little small container they gave us for two sandwiches for the sauce was not enough.  The pulled chicken should have been cooked in the sauce to make it juicy rather than having to put the sauce on the sandwich afterwards... Not real sure what the fuss is about, the prices are a little high for the meals...Might go back and try the brisket as the both the pulled pork and pull chicken sandwiches were very dry and not worth the $6.00 price tag.  everything should come with a side.  they still do not have their liquor license. Hope the food is better next time, this first time very disappointed.
4	Foods pretty good, although the service is a bit slow. With a little work this place could do well.
4	Yummy. Need to work a little bit on the service. Was a tad slow but not terrible. Good food.
1	I am not sure how this is BBQ! And the atmosphere is terrible! No checkered table cloths like in a BBQ joint, liquor, and just plain stale environment! For the food.....horrible! Ordered take out of brisket & chicken sandwiches & they went in the trash. Chicken was dry & cut up in pieces (not pulled) & brisket looked like it was dunked in water with a huge strip of fat. No BBQ flavor at all! In fact, tastes like they add liquid smoke to meat! Gross! Coleslaw was soggy and looked like it had been thawed out and wasn't edible. Beans were like a refriend pile of slop and not edible.  As i was awaiting takeout, i was observing the service which consisted of 2 servers looking stressed out to wait on 3 tables. We won't be back! Not sure they can make it 6 mos. I wish them well but the food is horrible!
3	So half an wait for bbq pulled pork, and ribs Sides First off again I am from Tennessee so I like to say I know BBQ. I liked sauce maybe a little more spice for me but was good. The ribs where good no smoke ring witch lead me to think its cooked maybe oven baking method ? Also coleslaw really bad, the sides where def. store bought Baked beans where good maybe suggestion off adding left over smoked ham into them for a little more flavor ? Overall pricing is really good even on large platter plates! I think I saw some of the menu for pulled pork under 10$ Speed and few things corrected will have a good bbq place in town.
2	Bad experience here.  The reason it's not the lowest rating was they did recognize some of the problems, and attempt to rectify. Visited on a Sunday afternoon, well after any lunch rush.  Seated straight away, took a bit for the server to get there.  He was friendly but weird.  We were one of 4 tables seated.  I ordered the 2 meat combo, brisket and sausage.  It took over 30 minutes to get our food.  The thing with barbecue is that it's already cooked, because it takes hours to do so - how could it possibly take that long to plate some things that were nearly or fully ready to plate and serve.  The brisket was AWFUL.  The worst it could be without being legitimately inedible.  "Dry" and "unseasoned" are understatements.  The portion size was absurd.  Probably 2.5 oz.  The tiny piece of sausage (less than half a link) was itself halved and burnt onto a flat top grill before serving.  This is not a snack bar at the beach, this is a restaurant charging $15 for a plate.  The cole slaw was bad.  Beans were ok.  I asked if it came with sliced bread, and the server said Texas toast.  Actually, it was a cut up buttered hoagie roll.  huh???My dining companions enjoyed their pulled pork and combo sandwiches.  They did bring out more awful brisket, comp the drinks, and take off $5 from the bill.  So they were apologetic about it... In the end it was the worst brisket I have ever eaten at a place calling itself a BBQ restaurant, the smoked sausage was awful, and it took FOREVER.  For me, this place got zero stars for food, 0.5 stars for service, and the rest for being responsive to my displeasure.  If you have to go, try the pulled pork maybe.  I am never coming back.
4	I was shocked to hear that this new restaurant had closed!  My review is actually about visits in the early part of March. The only reason it's not a 5 star review is because of the ridiculously long wait time.  The location was great!  I was there twice for takeout.  The service was very slow both times, but was explained that smoking the meat is done in cycles and sometimes you have to wait until it comes out of the smoker. The pulled pork was mouth watering and piled high. Loved it! I have been searching for good ribs for years now.  I didn't think much of Don and Charlie's in Scottsdale, famous for their ribs, so I guess it's a matter of taste.  Every time I discover ribs I love they have closed within the year!  These ribs were perfection!  They were the pork ribs and I was almost in tears, they were that good.  My two eating companions agreed enthusiastically and one brought visitors back several times.  My husband, expert chili dog eater, raved about their chili dogs and the beans that were a side.  I figured as soon as they were more well known they would get more busy and hire more kitchen help to smooth their delivery time.  I am saddened that they didn't have the time to work out the kinks.  I'm back to my quest for the pork ribs.  Thanks for giving me hope that they still do exist!
