3	No poker, closes around 2:30am, and I split 9's 4 times for $75 per bet with the dealing showing a four and lose all of them to a dealer 20.  Made me sick.
5	The Casino Monte Lago is open again out at Lake Las Vegas! I just went to the opening weekend for the casino and the new operators did a great job with the property. It's very nice and much more elegant than any of the other casinos in the Henderson area. The lake and the village are absolutely beautiful and after a couple of hard years, everything is showing an amazing momentum of growth. The stores are all leased, the hotel Ravella is open and they even have stand up paddle boarding at Loews resort. It's just a great atmosphere for a quality casino. They don't yet have live table games, but that might be happening in the near future. They even have a sign that says live poker and a sports book are coming soon! Until then, they have a great mix of electronic games including the virtual blackjack dealers. If you want your trip to the casino to feel like a mini vacation, drop in to the lake and check out the Casino Monte Lago.
4	Having recently re-opened lately, this is one of the smaller casinos I've encountered.But really, that's okay.  It's more a part of the overall environment of Lake Las Vegas instead of being the main attraction.It's very to the point: A few slot machines, some blackjack, the usual casino fare.  A few restaurants, and a nice player's club make up the area.But it's very clean, the staff has been nothing but nice the times that I have gone in there, signing up for their card gives a lot of free perks, and it's got a good vibe to it.  They even have a free soda machine for club members.  And the best part is, on Wednesday, they do free wine tastings.Like I said, I don't see the casino being the biggest draw to the tranquil environment of Lake Las Vegas (well, for me, anyway), but it doesn't hurt being there by any means.  It's a nice compliment to the area, and its laid-back attitude only adds to the overall environment.This should be a fun place to drop a few extra dollars.
4	I came here around 3:30 and I must say it was pretty boring! All of the shops were closed and it was extremely hot. We decided to rent an electric boat/typhoon? for an hour to hopefully cool off. We didn't cool off but it was a fun experience nonetheless. I would like to mention that the young guy working at the boat rental place was EXTREMELY nice! He was very sweet about my grandma who was having trouble getting on and off the boat. It was originally $60 + tax for an hour ride but he gave us an extra 20 minutes which was very sweet of him. Really nice guy if I haven't stressed that already. The casino is quite stingy! I hit the 'spin' on wheel of fortune like 3 times and they all were either 25 or 40. So lame. At one point I was up $20 but I kept going and eventually just broke even. It was worth the 25 minutes of fun my mom and I shared.It is a cool place for old folks, I did not find anything great about it. Boat guy was awesome though.
4	After being enticed by their $9.95 Steak and Martini Mondays I decided to check them out.The casino is small but has a very nice atmosphere. It's open and airy, high end feel. Not as smokey as some places can be. The staff was great and always had drinks coming quickly while playing.My husband and I joined the players club in order to get the discounted meal at Harry's. It came with some coupons and a free t-shirt.The meal at Harry's was great! Good steak, good martini, nice service. It is quite busy. Our wait was about 20 minutes at 6pm but longer for the people later on.All in all a pleasant place to stop in around the pretty Lake Las Vegas area.
3	This was my first time to Casino Monte Lago since it reopened.  It's pretty much like it used to be, but I think they have fewer machines and the middle area seems more open than it used to be.It's a pleasant casino, small, and fairly quiet albeit I was there on a Saturday morning for the Dragon Boat races.Since it's on the far side of the valley from where I live, this won't be a stop I'll be making very often.  There are other good choices much closer to home.
4	I was so sad when Monte Lago closed, so I am relieved they have reopened.  I'm particularly glad the cafe reopened and still has the best portabello fries I've ever had.  The are very lightly breaded, somehow crispy and juicy at the same time.  I noticed a few things have changed in the casino.  All the black jack tables are now automated, which I guess is a more sustainable model for their business.  My brother in law is also pretty happy about the new free soda machine in the casino area.  It's great having such a conveniently located and intimate casino with good ventilation, so it's not too smokey.
4	Four stars because I'm a fan only because I am a fan of Lake Las Vegas...So bummed to see that Lake Las Vegas has hit hard times with the economy. It's such a shame that more people do not come out to see this beautiful place. There was hardly anyone in this place but its still pretty. Their bathroom is really clean and have these huge doors for privacy is all I can say about this place.I hope this hotel survives.. nice place!
4	This is a small casino, no live card tables (video Hold'em and 21), not smoky with lots of space. Good live music on Fridays and Sats and restaurant on site (Harry's). Very safe, quiet. If you want good food in the Village try Bernard's or Auld Dubliner. The Ravella is the hotel of choice (closer to the Village and less expensive than Lowes) or try the Aston Montelago condos. Beautiful walking along the marina, boat rentals and free entertainment on weekends in spring/summer. Lake Las Vegas will live again and this is a great time to go before it gets crazy busy again. We own a condo there and love spending an evening at the Casino.
4	They only reason it gets 4 & not 5 Stars is because there are no live tables. BUT the staff here is GREAT, love the cocktail waitresses as well as all of the bartenders. Day & night : )
4	Lake Las Vegas is one of my favorite places in the Valley. The future of the casino seems to be in perpetual limbo, but I recommend it for its uniqueness and variety of gaming and dining promos. I wish they offered logo gift items as they did under previous ownership, and they don't offer anything on yelp either. The free soda bar is gone, and was replaced with a quick service food outlet.  The Monday $9.95 filet & martini is excellent, from 5-10 pm. There are inconsistencies with service, but staff is friendly. Palio Sports Bar offers $1.00 cheese pizza slices when it's open, usually Friday-Sunday. The sports bar also has a nice selection of draft and bottle beer. A lot of slot machines were recently removed, and the virtual  blackjack, poker and roulette tables are still there. This casino has a ton of potential, but unfortunately the location does not do it any favors.The events in the Village help bring in customers, but that may not be enough to sustain it.
3	Not bad for an escape but not enough gamblers to make it pay.  I spent $200 and didn't hit anything in video poker.  They have a nice sports book and comfortable bar where you can belly up and gamble as well as some great automated table games like craps and roulette.  I won on the craps game... it was easy to play.  Parking is in a ramp next door and there are 3 hotels in the area, two of them walkable and the Westin, where I stayed had a free shuttle service on call for free.  That was great.  The village it is part of is also fun... with a great irish pub, lots of shops and the lake at the bottom of the walkway about a block's distance from the casino.  I recommend booking a night here... it's reasonable... and using it as a nice getaway!
4	Tiny casino with no table games but the atmosphere was relaxed and being small they gave more personal service. A lady from the slot club came over and offered to sign us up. I didn't have my id so my husband signed up and received $3 free play..which we turned into $33.Nice
3	Small, quiet casino - check. Clean, spaced out machines - check. Drink options followed by food - check. Low traffic = little smoke - checkity check!
4	Great casino in a beautiful location and even though you don't really win they give you a run for your moneyPROS- small and intimate environment, free soda for designated driver, low traffic, beautiful locationCONS- sometimes employees seem to intentionally ignore you which stands out like a sore thumb since it is soo small, Also not many options to choose from gaming wise.
3	This is a small and intimate casino at Lake Las Vegas.  It seemed virtually deserted every time I visited.  If your looking for a nice clean environment where you don't have to deal with crowds this might be the spot for you.  Most people will probably enjoy the faster paced gaming experiences available around the strip.
1	Just happened to be nearby when I stayed in Lake Las Vegas...peeped my head into what is one of the smallest casinos I've seen!  No Table games...everything is video....even a video roulette and video black jack with a dealer.  I guess I shouldn't expect much since there isn't much in the Lake Las Vegas area....
1	casino closed again.website states they are closed and their doors are chained up and have signs on them.
