4	Now HERE'S some atmosphere for you!  You step into a dining room that looks as if it's in the middle of a lovely old cruise ship, say the Queen Mary!  You're greeted by the nice hostess, & once you get past the bathroom nuisances of softened hot water & one of those worthless air hand driers instead of towels, everything gets better.Back out in the comfy dining room, I counted 70 main food items today.  The Hot & Sour soup was just great, & some nice touches at the salad bar included fresh Romaine lettuce, delicious peanuts, roasted they way they're supposed to be (not freeze dried!), oranges & lemons sliced the RIGHT DIRECTION, & cut into thin enough slices that they were easy to eat, & more... excellent!There were also plenty of things to like at the hot serving tables, such as stuffed clams, tasty Japanese Chicken, good Egg Foo Young, & so on.  If you have room for dessert, there's plenty of delicious REAL ice cream.  This place is good!Lunch $6.45
4	Well when Rand H and myself pulled into the parking lot of this place i said to Rand i bet this is 3 star at best.Well upon entering this place i was already thinking this could be 4 or 5 star.The decor was alright and the buffet was big about 75 items all of which looked tasty .A couple of dishes that stood out from your typical chinese buffets were the japanese chicken ,lye chee pork ,stuffed crab balls on the half shelland some kind of white fish that was pretty good but not labeled.the crab meat was real and there was plenty of shrimp dishes.all in all every thing i ate was good.Now on to desert (yay real ice cream) served with hot apple pie that was good but the rest of the deserts were just average. i forgot to have a chinese donut but they were there I love those and always try at least one so i guess i will be back
1	To be fair I only tried this place once for lunch, so maybe this place isn't that bad. But here's my review...the only good thing about this place was our very lovely, outgoing, attentive server. They were playing children choir christmas songs (eek!!) on full blast! (so I couldn't even drown it out with my chewing or conversation) They only had 3 very short buffet serving tables. Most of the dishes were over cooked and the quality of the meats were very low. (more fat than meat) So I ended up only eating the only thing that I could enjoy which was the fresh cantaloupe  fruit and sauteed mushroom and cucumber dish. :(
2	The servers do not speak a word of English, and do not tell you the price until after you've eaten. We ended up paying over $17 for two people with just water to drink. The egg drop soup was terrible, the orange chicken was questionable, the rice and noodles were mediocre, and the skewered chicken must have been 50% fat. Frozen peas and carrots were generously thrown into everything, including the egg-drop soup... They also had zero sushi to offer. The selection was VERY limited. There are numerous superior asian buffets to this one in the area. Their only saving graces were their seafood and real ice cream, of which 6 flavors were available. So unless all you want is shrimp and ice cream, don't waste your time and money. 2/5
2	My husband's parents picked this place so we met here for family dinner.  It was a Sunday night and there wasn't a wait but when we went in there was a kid about 10ish working the register and then cleaning tables and picking up plates.  I didn't think that was right and seemed odd.  The buffet was kinda small and a lot of the pans were bare.  It seemed like most of the food out wasn't even Chinese at all and of what was out, it was just kinda meh.  If going off the food then I would only expect to it to cost somewhere in the $3-$5 range.  Not to say the prices were bad, but they are comparable to most of the other buffets with either more of a selection or better food.At least the restaurant was filthy looking but there was lots of food/trash on the floor.If I had to go back, I would only end up getting the ice cream which is scooped out of ice cream containers and doesn't come out of a machine.
3	= = =  MONDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = =It t took me over 4 years to get back around to this one, mostly because Mesa's a bit far for me.  Meanwhile, New China is still here & I stopped in today to see how they're doing.The not-so-good:After you wash your hands, you have to use toilet paper to turn off the faucets, hit the button on the stupid air hand dryer, and then to open two doors to get back to the dining room with cleaner hands than when you went in!     :-@ Things get better:*  The dining room of this mid-sized restaurant is nice, and the seating, overall atmosphere, lighting, room temperature & sound were all good.*  There was a nice selection of food out.  I counted up 86 items, plus sauces & dressings.*  There was a fairly generous selection of Sushi, & it was good.*  Special treats included whole roasted, salted peanuts for the salad, excellent fried chicken, good BBQ Chicken, and AWESOME Broasted (?) Chicken.  Ms. Server didn't know what to call it, but was SO GOOD!  (Look for large chicken pieces with very dark breading.)Everything else I had was good too, from the Baby Brussels Sprouts al dente to the 6 varieties of REAL ice cream.  All of it was served up at the right temperature & kept stocked, and the table service was friendly and attentive.It's a high 3 Stars this time for New China Buffet here, where your Lunch Buffet includes beverages for $7.34/$6.61 Sr.     :-)
4	Hole in the wall from the outside, extensive buffet with very fresh food on the inside.Cautiously approached this one and was pleasantly surprised.  It was clean, well-stocked with about 2/3 prefab and about 1/3 home crafted (appearing and tasting) dishes.  Fresh vegetables, one whole table of desserts and fruits, lots of fresh looking and tasting seafood, a spread not seen at neighboring buffets.  Imagine there must be seasonal flair as it seems experiences have varied here.  It is full-on summer but did not see all the plentiful ice cream buckets.  Did see a soft serve machine with several flavors but by then had already filled up on shrimp, noodles, watermelon,  pineapple, pudding, chicken, fish, rice, soup, egg rolls, etc, ate a lot!  Yummy for the price.  Regarding the neighborhood - select diners create a unique ambiance, entertainment value included in meal.  Seems a lot of folks coming in for take-out, several regular diners as well.  During my stay several of the dishes were replaced even when half full, seemed to be on a time rotation for freshness.Great crab puffs and salad dishes too.  Will probably go back again sometime.
5	Very cheap, free drinks and friendly service. Good place to dine in if your hungry for some Chinese :)
