5	I compleely agree with Daphne in that the merchandising of this store makes it look a little...cheap. Once you do get in, assuming you are the type of person that even remotely loves handbags, luggage and wallets, then you'll never leave. At least not empty handed. Angel was the sales girl that helped me with my new Celine bag and she was so cute. Very attentive and understanding when I had to leave the store for a minute to think about the purchase. Upon returning later in the afternoon, she remembered which bag I had my eye on.Overall, it was a really great experience in Corsa!Brace yourself for the prices though. If you know handbags at all, you'll understand why they are sky high. But if you're just poping in for a look, do only that: look.
4	They have a lot of  nice handbags, trendy & classic. I came across this Gustto bag awhile ago and was so tempted in buying it but for some reason I didn't and regret it. They have a lot of new arrivals at good prices. Sales people are somewhat intimidating...but eventually after my 3rd time in there I made my first purchase with them. I settled on a Marc Jacobs classic blake bag at 25% off!!! Checked on Neiman Marcus and the exact bag was still full price! I couldn't have been happier. The sales lady was cool, offered me water after I decided on the bag. She even offered me advise on how to save more money. She told me if I shipped it to my house, I could avoid paying tax. But I was so excited to use my new bag, I declined. What I loved most is that they had a handful of Marc Jacobs bags on sale for 25% off. I had a hard time deciding which bag to get. I'm addicted...I might even go back to purchase an MJ wallet also on sale for 25% off.
5	I thought it looked a little cheap from the outside, but I was waiting for my girlfriends who went to another store, so I went in to pass the time.Wow, so glad I did!  I found so many bags I loved!  I ended up with 4 purses and a necklace by a local Vegas designer.  I love when I can buy local items.  I could have purchased a lot more, but I had to control myself.  Gary was so helpful and full of knowledge, he made shopping very relaxed.I am looking forward to my next Vegas trip.  Normally I just go straight to Fashion Show Mall, but this is a "must stop."
4	This is sad for me.  Corsa is relocating.  All of their inventory was marked down.... way down.  I loved their free embossing service they offered.  They had the largest Brighton selection that I have ever seen.  And the selection of handbags always sent me tickles to my dirty pillows.Yeah, I said it.... i love handbags THAT MUCH.
5	I agree with another reviewer who said it looks a bit cheap on the outside, but they carry FABULOUS bags on the inside! I just wish they would turn down those retail lights a notch. All that white and bright hurts my eyes. We went in because I spied Marc by Marc Jacobs bags in the front window, but I really wanted a Marc Jacobs collection bag which Barneys at the Grand Canal Shops (or "Shoppes") doesn't carry. Anyways, I found this GORGEOUS MJ bag on sale and squealed with glee. Literally. And of course all the girls I was with joined in; we were definitely looking for any excuse to be loud. And despite that, the folks at Corsa were awesome and were the definition of good customer service. They even put another MJ bag on hold for me that I ultimately decided against. They also carry LAMB, Rebecca Minkoff and Hobo International, so they have quality bags at every price point.They promised to give me a call if there were any MbMJ or MJ bags on sale. I hope they follow through with that!  Oh I'm in trouble now....
5	We went to Vegas for a trade show and had been discussing purchasing new luggage.  Our Target Swiss Gear luggage just wasn't holding up to the amount of traveling we do.  We visited Otto restaurant a couple of times (in the Venetian) and debated going in to Corsa (located across from Otto) to check out the luggage.  We finally did it and am I glad we did!  Nicole was extremely helpful.  We were first looking at Tumi.  It was fine, but when Nicole showed us the line from Rimowa, we fell in love with it.  It's German and has been around since 1898.  We purchased three pieces of the top of the line polycarbonate luggage, meant to withstand the riggers of heavy traveling.  Nicole was kind enough to have it delivered to our hotel (Mandalay Bay) for us.  The bell hop who delivered it to our room even commented on how nice this luggage was.  This stuff is expensive but totally worth the price!  It weighs next to nothing but is totally rugged.  You can push a very full bag with one finger.  I don't usually get excited about luggage, but with this, I can't wait for my next trip!  Thanks Nicole - we may be in touch about getting one more piece!
3	One of the better luggage stores in Vegas.  First of all, best location ever.  Right on the Grand Canal courtyard.  Then, you walk in and see some great brands like Rimowa and Tumi.  Yes, they cost a lot, but well worth it.
5	I went in here with my girlfriend to shop around. The owner introduced himself and was so kind to both of us. They had a great deal on a purse in the color she was looking for and will be sure to come back.
