3	I loved Chuck E. Cheese when I was a kid and I can understand why kids nowadays love coming to this place. The pizzas are OK. The wings are pretty good and they have a small clean salad bar that is acceptable. This place is maintained very well and the bathrooms are pretty clean. The arcade games need some up to date games and the carnival games are such ...carnival games. You spend $20 for tokens and you get tickets so you can redeem items that are worth 10 cents. Wow! Capitalism at its best. This is a kids paradise and with the exception of the jacked up prices, you can be assured that the little ones will have a great time in here. All the employees in here are very helpful and so patient with the children. Good job guys! I also appreciate the fact that they stamp the kids with the same number as the adults that brought them there. Although it is not a perfect system it is a very helpful precaution in keeping the kids safe. What a great idea! Good clean fun with some extra help from the staff. I guess the $ is worth it.
3	The environment was very dirty and the bathrooms were a mess.  Still for the price you can not beat it.
2	This Chuck E Cheese's location is similar to whiping before you use the toilet; it's all out of order.  The only reason I used a poop reference is that this place is crappy.We came here on Memorial Day with the kids (4 and 6) for some pizza and fun.  The pizza is similar to Little Caesers, and is perfectly fine for kids, but the fun wasn't as easy to swallow. There were at least 6 machines that did not work, yet had no out-of-order sign posted.  While this place isn't the most expensive source of entertainment for kids in the valley, nobody should be tossing their money away due to a lazy staff.The bathrooms were messy, and the place had an overall dirty feeling to it.  When it came time to cash in the kids' tickets, we waited at the ticket counter for a good ten minutes before being helped.  Do you realize that they have prizes listed for 150,000 tickets?  Can you imagine having 150,000 tickets in a drawer somewhere in your house?  Ridiculous!!For the money you'll waste here, you're better off doing something outside with the kids, ordering (or cooking) pizza, and then taking them to the toystore; it will be cheaper, healthier, and less mousey.
1	We have come to this location a few times and after our last visit tonight we will not be going again. I can overlook the chaos of hosting many families and the staffs' struggle to keep up with it - messy bathroom, broken ticket redemption machines, no ice, scary salad bar.I can't overlook their failure to keep what should be their primary mission - to offer a safe environment for our children.  When entering we received the numbered hand stamp however when it was time to leave no one was at the entrance to make sure we left in the same group we came in as.  My four year old was able to leave through the roped off area without any question from their staff as I followed him out, because no one was there!  When we turned around and brought this to the attention of the overwhelmed staff, they told me they were watching the monitor mounted above the door.  Yet, they couldn't explain how we were able to walk on through without confirmation.  Never again.
3	If I were only reviewing the service of the amazing party host Jaxon, this would be 5 stars all the way! However, I must take into consideration the filthy bathrooms and arcade games that aren't working. The staff were all as nice as they could be, but the game area was unbelievable. One game was open with it's mechanical guts all exposed for some kid to trip over and hurt them-self. We went recently (our annual visit) to attend a friends' kid's Birthday party. Jaxon was their party host for the 2nd year in a row (they specifically asked for him) and he pulled out all the stops to ensure this little 6 year old had a blast. Jaxon must be Jim Carey's missing love child because he not only looks like him but is totally animated and hilarious like him. He could be a comedian in his own right. I just wish the company would take some time to clean this place up since we no longer have the Peter Piper Pizza alternative option.
3	Ok, so this place isn't really for adults (unless you frequent the one with the Initial D simulation car..yeah!) but I know most of you have had to go to one for a birthday party or been dragged here by your kids!  I know I have!  I really don't like going to Chuck's all that often, the place is always packed!  Plus there's a big rat running around and scaring the bejeebus out of all the kids!  Ha Ha!I have no clue why everyone loves bringing their kids here for a birthday party.  Do you not love your kid that much?  You like scarring them for life with life-size animated rodents?  My parents took me here when I was a kid and I swear it's the reason I'm scared of clowns to this day.  That and the fact I watched the entire mini-series of 'It' on TV probably didn't help either.  Poor John Ritter!  I would have stuck with Three's Company.But it turns out now that I'm a parental figure I did the same damn thing to my kid.  "It's your birthday soon!  Do you wanna have it at Chuck E. Cheese?  Yay!"  I figured out it was because I was too lazy to do an entire party myself!  No wonder!  They take care of the kids, fill them up with carbs and endless refined sugar, bribe them with tokens and tickets, freak them out with a robotic singing rodent band that goes on endless loop, and freak them out even more by making them follow a big rat that tosses out free tickets and sings 'Happy Birthday'.  Top that off by giving parents the option of having beer or wine from tap, and an endless salad bar!  Crazy!  The entire family is screwed into braindead entertainment!  Which leaves Chuck running his rat-A$$ all the way to the bank.  Genius, I tell you, genius.  In the words of famous orator Adam Levine, "I wake up feeling satisfied but guilty as Hell."  I am a bad, bad dad.  I don't know why I put my child through this debacle.Could it be because of the many, many coupons Chuck E. Cheese offers to lure you into their rat trap?  Could it be because of the temptation of having someone else handle your kids for a few precious hours so you can catch a break?  But how is it really a break if you're not allowed to leave the premises without your kid in tow?  I'm looking at you, the guy that stamps our hands at the entrance!  It's like kiddie branding cattle!   Don't get me started on the food and the prizes!  Their new and 'improved' pizza is marginally edible, and their wings are so-so.  I mean, I can make a better pizza using a DiGiorno box and a toaster oven.  The birthday cake, which is as dry as the Kalahari desert.  And yet, I am enamored by the endless supply of Mello Yello you allow me to throw down my gullet.  Damn my love for Mello Yello!  And of course, there is the all-you-can-eat salad bar.  Which to my chagrin, is fairly stocked with decent fresh fixings.  Prizes for tickets?!  Is it just me or is this the biggest scam EVER?!  I can go to the 99 Cent Store and get most of these prizes that Chuck offers for pennies!  It's ridiculous!  10 tickets for a Tootsie Roll!  100 tickets for crap my kid will never play with again after we leave!  1000 tickets for a stuffed animal I can get from crane machine for $1 at my local Denny's!  I can't even begin to tell you how many extra tokens you have to buy to get 1000 tickets!  Why oh why did I traumatize my child for life?Yet, at the end of the day when I see kids (including mine) run up to their parents to hug them and say, "Thanks for the bestest birtday party ever!" For a brief moment, we are superheroes in a world of kiddie chaos.  I see how Chuck keeps luring them in.  His evil master plan!  A child's love!  For all the noise, the lacking food, and the excess dollars spent...I fear I will be back here again sometime soon.  Just not too soon I hope!
4	The food is not that bad considering it is Chuck E Cheese and I must say it is always clean or being cleaned for the amount of kids that are always there. I wish it was a little less packed. Its almost too packed. I might try the one near the Grand Canyon Plaza and 215. Our kids always have a great time and I love that they serve Gluten Free Food (the reason for my 4 star rating). That is VERY thoughtful of them. It would be nice if they also had organic options but I may be pushing it.
3	This review is specific to this location.  We have been to many Chuck E's in the Vegas location, with our usual being in Henderson.  This was our first time here, and maybe because it was a Saturday night it was insane.  This place was packed, tons and tons of kids.  Several games did not work or stole our tokens, but we were very happy with the different selection of games that we have not seen at the other Chuck E's.  Also, there seemed to be a divide of toddler appropriate games on one side and games more skill orienated on the the other side.  When we were able to locate a worker to tell them that a certain machine ate our token, they would give us a few extra (maybe because they secretly knew we would lose many tokens in machines that night).  The tricky part of the token stealing machines is that they would take your token once and let you play, then when you decide I want to play again, it would steal that token.  We did not stand in line for the prizes because there were just too many people.  The soda machine was out of ice, but the all you can eat salad bar was usually always freshly stocked and there was usually someone there to give you a new plate (which used to be required by law, but I have noticed the sign about the health department requirement has been removed from all the Chuck E salad bars I have been too).  As for the gate check guy, he had just left when we arrived to leave and we had to wait about 2 minutes but he was very apologetic.  There was a fight in the parking lot from some individuals who had just left a child's birthday party.  It was rather scary in that some of the individuals in the argument were in cars and there are obviously small children running in the parking lot.  I would probably try this location again, but will not do it on a Saturday night.
1	I would never recommend Chuck E Cheese at 7381 Lake Mead, Las Vegas NV. I just had my son's birthday party at Chuck E Cheese and it was so disorganized. I hope that my guests did not realize it. The party hostess was friendly at first, she got our orders for the kids pizza and adult pizzas. She said, okay i have that you are having 14 kids. I looked at her with a startled expression and said, no I am having 20 kids. She looked at the plates on the table and was like "oh I guess I could of looked at all those plates". I was like, what have I got myself into. There were clearly 20 plates on the table, but she didn't have the correct information. I never saw the party hostess around until the manager saw me getting my own pitchers and I asked for more plates. I had to fill up my own pitchers after they were empty. The tables weren't cleaned off to the very end. I was surprised the cake was ready for the "Big Chuck E Cheese" show. The other "party host / hostess" seemed more attentive to their guests vs. my party hostess. I am not sure if she just didn't care or if she was overwhelmed with the 20 + kids we had. I have had my kid's birthday parties at other facilities (Child's Play, Laser Tag, Sky zone etc) and those experiences were wonderful.  The other party host at (Child's Play, Laser Tag, Sky zone, etc) were always around or if they needed to go on break there was always someone else around. Another thing was the "ticket blaster", she never explained the ticket blaster, that my son FINALLY went in. She said, oh did he already do the ticket blaster and I was like no I was waiting for you. She said, oh that (and she pointed) party host is doing the ticket blaster. By that time, I just gave up on the party host. I took my son to the other hostess who was wonderful. i always give a $50.00 tip to my party hostess/host but she received a $10.00. I don't even think she deserved that. The only thing she seemed to be on top of was handing me the bill. I would never recommend Chuck E Cheese on Lake Mead in La's Vegas.
1	So I was there one early morning where the games where being checked and saw tickets in every game I asked someone if I could get them they said yes so I did I also had some coins I haven't used for a long time. When I go and get a printed ticket it had no paper so I seeked help, they placed new paper but didn't give my printed ticket and so I told someone else and they said did u get the tickets with bought coins? I was so upset I left with nothing.
1	If I didn't love my kid so much, this place would not be an option. I'm afraid I might have contracted hepatitis from this place. First off, it's a Saturday night. Is it possible to schedule more than 1 person? Waited 15 minutes before anyone came to the counter to take an order for the 20 some people in line. Drink station had more garbage on it than the garbage cans. No ice on either side. Tried to ask an employee, but there were none. Waited 35 minutes for our pizza. Went to the counter and asked how much longer and this girl rolled her eyes and brought out the wrong pizza. She put it on the counter and walked away. Just walked away!!! Asked LUV the manager about the wrong order and he ordered us another pizza which I never received. I was robbed. One bright spot, almost all the games were working!!!!!
1	Went here on a Sunday late afternoon thinking it would be better serviced. I had a party of 9 & they messed up the order. I asked for 2 extra large pizzas & they brought large. And girl charged for extra wings when I had asked for the family platter. Then when i asked for my money back the cashier refused until manager agreed with me. Salad bar was disgusting. Would've been better off going to a clean friendly service cicis. Wouldn't even rate for 1 star. Total rip off.
5	I love this place!  Great salad bar and pizza and of course fun for the kids.  The staff has always been great and we've been coming here for 5 years :)
5	Great place to take the family.  Would recommend this location for parties. Glen, the game attendant did a great job resolving the problem with one of the games.
2	It's not as run down as most of the CEC's I've been to before and there's a lot of parking even a creepy back alley of parking spaces (don't park there!). With that being said I just can't stand this place. It's loud, the food is terrible (unless you get the salad bar), most of the games are out of order and does anyone watch their kids?? I see the allure to have birthday parties here, it's a one stop shop. You show up and they do everything for you. I mean what party isn't complete without a dancing rat and obnoxious party host? Kinda generic if you ask me. You'll be better off going to The Mini Grand Prix, Pump It Up, Bounce U, or The Discovery Museum for a far better experience. But much to my chagrin, I can't deny my kids love it here so I get suckered into taking them. I hope they'll change their mind about this place soon but until then I guess I'll have to suck it up. Sensory overload ugh!! :/
1	We booked our son's 3rd birthday party here. We arrived with our party at or about 5:50 and party was at 6:00 on a Monday. We were greeted at the front and got all of our hands stamped. We were lead to our table by a host. Never seen her or spoke a word again until 6:30. Kids were all at table and finally the host came and took our order for tokens and food. She took forever to get them too. We did not get tokens until almost 7:00 and food 7:30. This was the slowest service ever. We had to ask for plates for the adults when the food came out. She was hardly at our table. We did not get done with cake until after 8:00. Our party was finally done after 9 p.m. I never had one balloon at table or crown for my son. When we were leaving I had to ask for it. After paying $159 for a small birthday package, I will NEVER come again. The manager at front was no help. They were too busy with other parties. I ordered a salad bar and people were going back to salad bar with dirty used plates and manager didn't stop them. This place has gone downhill and I will never return
