5	They were totally right to rate this place best new food truck in Madison.  Everything is fresh, cheap, and delicious.  And the people who run the truck are super cool, and will happily tell you about where ingredience, recipes etc come from.  Great new place.
5	I'm a huge fan of food trucks and love me some good falafel. Banzo married these two better than any I've sampled! I would stand in line through blazzing heat and brutally cold days just to eat lunch here. Thank you Banzo.
5	Heads up: Banzo is now set up on the State Street Mall outside University Bookstore and Memorial Library, not on Charter & Dayton. They're usually open 11-2:30 M-F.I've heard rave reviews about Banzo in local newspapers, and I finally got to try some falafel today...oh my god. Hands down, the best falafel I've ever had. It was so crispy and perfectly seasoned, and then it got all warm and delicious on the inside. And so fresh, I even found part of an actual garbanzo bean inside one of my falafel balls, rather than the usual green mush. AND it was only $3 for 4 of them! Throw in some fruit and veggies, and for me, it was the perfect size for lunch.Two thumbs up for Banzo. Can't wait to try the chicken pita sandwich and the fries. Om nom nom nom.
5	Banzo has the BEST felafel sandwich in Madison.  I like the felafel at the Mediterranean cafe more,  but there sandwich doesn't hold a candle to this place.  The meal is huge and the sauces are delicious.  Just writing this review makes me want another!You should know that they aren't really fast.  Fast enough, but expect a little wait.  And, the level of red onion in the salad varies A LOT.  Steer clear of that topping if you don't care for it.
5	The Banzo cart is a winning addition to the plethora of Madison food carts. It provides authentic Israeli food at a good price. Natalie and Aaron who run the cart are so nice! And to make Banzo even better, now they deliver!I had the F-bomb platter with mini burgers and it was delicious. Super fresh and even satisfied me and my boyfriend for lunch. The falafel could have been hotter but you cant blame them because they are fighting the cold And serving during 30 degree temperatures. Im so glad Banzo is here!!!
5	Banzo has the best Israeli food I've had outside of Israel! The F-Bomb and The Chick are my favorites. Literally the best falafel and eggplant I've had, and to add to the deliciousness, they have an assortment of really great toppings and extras! Fun workers too, its a pleasure to stand outside their cart in the cold weather!
5	Yummy, yummy! Stopped here on my way to class and had their falafel pita, called "The Banzo." Falafel and pita were just perfect. They put pickles and homemade chips in the pita with a chopped salad that was cucumber, onion, tomato... and some other crunchy yumminess. Tahini and hot sauce to top it off. Wowie was good!! Oh, plus the fellas working there are super duper cute & sexy...
4	Having developed a falafel addiction on a trip to Greece and exacerbated that habit by spending a summer in New York, I've been game to try every falafel in Madison in search of one that will come close to the chickpea delights I have had the pleasure of eating. Banzo is as close as I think I'll get in Wisconsin.Though the Harvest sandwich (falafel with eggplant and potato) I got was not perfectly executed (the falafel was clumped in the middle, with some bites containing only the chopped salad or a bite of potato), the falafel balls themselves are the truth.Crispy on the outside, fall-apart fresh on the inside, the falafel is neither dry nor flavorless, two characteristics of other Madison offerings. I instantly regretted my choice to get tabouli as a side instead of 4 more falafel balls. (I also regretted my tabouli choice because it was essentially an herb salad, but that's what you get when you convince yourself you don't need fries).While $7 is steep for a food cart falafel (let's be real here, acclaimed Chef Mohammed Rahman charges less at his infamous Kwik Kart #1 in NYC), your really won't find better at any price in this city. I'll definitely get it again.
5	Have been there twice to order and take-out food.  The portions are HUGE!  Not to mention healthy and delicious!  This is the perfect alternative for fast-food.  I have been hoping for a long time that Madison would get a fast and HEALTHY place where I could drop in and pick up something quickly, and this is it!I have not been to the food cart, only to the Sherman location which is poorly marked (hopefully not for long), but has plenty of parking and the staff was very friendly.
5	This place is amazing!!  Who delivers falafel?!?  Banzo!  They combine incredible mediterranean fare with American flavor (i.e., potato and pickles in the Banzo pita sandwich).  Delivery took about 50 minutes, but that is what we were told.  Well worth the wait!  Sides are generous as ell.
5	Had "The Harvest" today at the Farmer's Market. It was very delicious. The only downside was the two boys in the truck were not prepared for the rush they got and the service was incredibly slow. The flavor was worth the wait, though.
5	Love this place.  The falafel is delicious, and definitely the crunchiest I've ever had (in a very good way).  I also like the fact that they put hand-made chips on the sandwich - very Israeli (they like to put fries on their falafel sandwiches), but with a twist.  Not the best falafel I've had, but definitely the best I've had in Wisconsin, and it holds up well to the greatest stuff I've had across the US and Israel.This all is a bit bittersweet for me, as I just discovered Banzo yesterday.  This is bittersweet because I've been looking for good falafel as long as I've been in town (3 years), and am moving away in the fall.  Sad face.  But still I'm happy to have found it.
5	Banzo is mouth watering delicious. I've tried both the Banzo (falafel) and the Harvest (falafel with grilled eggplant) as a pita sandwich as in the platter form. The platter comes with a tasty salad, rice, and a generous side of hummus. So good! I also love the hot sauce and the pickle relish that comes in the pita sandwiches. When I saw the Banzo sign outside of their Sherman Avenue location (near where I live) I did a happy dance. I literally started dancing by myself. That's how good it is!
5	Friendly service, great falafel. I hear they have started up local delivery which is great when you need a healthy late night fix.
5	We got the Groupon for this place, and cashed it in tonight once we realized we had nothing planned for dinner. We'll eat with Banzo again, for sure! Very good sandwiches and sides. My husband got The F-Bomb with chicken, and I got The Harvest. We got sides of falafel and hummus, and each got an iced tea. Everything was GREAT, the service (over the phone) was super friendly and we're especially excited about them moving into the old Vientiane Garden spot on Sherman -- that's just down the road from us, and just a decent dinner walk away!
5	Truly great falafel has been sorely missing from Madison for a very long time. Places like Shish Cafe and Med Cafe offer up a pretty decent shawerma but the falafel around town has always been dry and oddly-flavored up until now. Banzo makes a falafel that rivals the stuff I have eaten in the Middle East, at prices that rival some parts the Middle East - particularly Israel, where one of the founders originates.The authenticity does not stop at the falafel, either. Schnitzel is a staple of Israeli cuisine due to the Ashkenazi influence, while their "mini-burgers" are blended with a truly Middle Eastern mix of spices, vegetables, and fat. I have no idea why they call them mini-burgers though, because they are undoubtedly the very same kofta meatballs I grew up eating in an Egyptian household.I just wish they would open on the weekend, because I've already suffered many a disappointing hangover wherein a juicy falafel sandwich would have been exactly what I needed.Banzo could also seriously benefit from taking a couple pages from Israel's own falafel enterprise: 1. Add laffeh bread to your menu. Your pitas are excellent but I would more than willingly pay a slight upcharge for the "Chipotle burrito" of falafel sandwiches.2. Give me the option to stuff chips (french fries) in my falafel.My suggestions should in no way be taken as "needs improvement," though. There's no doubt in my mind that the Levantine style of falafel is the best in the world, and Banzo absolutely nailed it. The fact that they deliver makes this THE go-to place for delicious and even healthy fast food.
5	I love this place.  One of the go-to carts on the Library Mall (be sure to follow on fb or twitter for location updates).  Their popularity during lunch may keep you waiting for 10 min.Their eggplant sandwich is amazing.  The f-bomb sandwich with chicken (includes their falafel) with hot and yoghurt sauce is amazing.  All their sandwiches come in cardboard containers that open up like a zippo lighter to easily nom down the sandwich without spilling any of the good stuff.I met Aaron and Netalee when they were down by Dayton and Orchard (by Union South, DoIT, CS) and they were extremely kind -- I only wish I could randomly run into them again; they don't seem to work in the cart when I go for lunch! :(
5	Banzo knows their beans.I've been searching for great falafel ever since Caspian Cafe shuttered years ago and I've found it!  I've had their food delivered to work and my apartment a bunch of times and I finally made it to the cart(check out their fbook or twitter accounts for specials and location).  The line and wait for food can be long, but please, I BEG you, to stick it out.  I've had a chance to explore most of their menu and it's all wonderful.The food is so reasonably priced, especially give the portion size. You can have a pita sandwich with your choice of filling that comes in a well-designed to go box, or upgrade to a hummus plate (some of the best in town), or a platter.  Nothing will set you back more than $10.I saw that they're going to be open for late night food soon and I can't wait!
5	Review for the food cart.Excellent falafel for a very reasonable price. It's a little messy, but worth it. Do you need anything else from a restaurant? The people were polite and pleasant to deal with.
5	I tried the lentil soup and the eggplant platter and had it delivered to my hotel while I was in town. Delicious food! The portion was bigger than I had expected, the falafel was crispy and yummy and everything tasted amazingly fresh! Will order again when I'm around!
5	I have never eaten at their restaurant, but I love their takeout! They give a discount for corporate orders, so order at work!
5	I am picky about my food. I have tried other falafel in the city and banzo is by far the best place to go for it.  Simple and delicious!
4	I ate there last week and keep craving it. Always a good sign.We ordered a lot of food to try as much of the menu as we could. That was certainly enough to bring us back. The falafel is to die for. Seriously, the tastiest falafel I've ever had. And I've eaten more than my fair share of falafel in life.The chicken "schnitzel" is a spicy breaded slice of goodness. Sooo good.Their salad was great, with lots of ingredients and a delicious dressing.The only thing on the menu that I was not too excited about was the hummus. For my taste it had too little citrus pop and too little garlic. The tahini in the hummus had a great flavor though. Your mileage may vary.The location is a bit hard to find if you don't know the neighborhood. It's a house that's been converted into a commercial space. They have a nice deck outside that is across from a park. In addition to the small room where you order your food (with only a few tables), there is a larger room with a lot of character that they are still setting up.I'm looking forward to trying the other items on the menu.
5	I spent a summer sailing around the Mediterranean so I like to consider myself a falafel connoisseur (I only mean for that to sound pretentious in a sarcastic way), but Banzo is in a league of its own! Its got the perfectly crispy outside and flavorful, smushy inside I can never get quite right in my own kitchen.  All the sauces are awesome (especially together!) and they're certainly not stingy on the toppings. Even if you don't think you're in the mood for Banzo falafel...yes, you are.
5	Cool. Beans.
5	Mmmm, Banzo is my favorite food cart in Madison! Both the falafel platter and pita are delish! The platter comes with falafel (duh) plus salad and hummus. Both are amazing, and you can have them put all three of their delicious sauces on the platter. Yum! They serve the sandwich in a cool little box....pop open the top and eat! Just found out via other Yelp review that they have a brick and mortar establishment. I must go!!!!
5	Yes, do try Banzo! I was lucky enough to be one of the first people to try this place because of rave reviews from my friend. Been addicted ever since...I'm in love with their falafel. I always order the F-Bomb platter with chicken because it's never let me down.The food cart is available on Library Mall during the week and up at the farmer's market on Saturdays (when the farmer's market is still going that is). They also deliver AND they opened a restaurant at the end of the summer. I will have to stop by their new place next time I am in Madison!
5	I tried the restaurant yesterday. The falafel was to die for -- I'm still dreaming of it! I got the whole wheat pita (a stab at being healthier). It was soft and delicious, not dry at all. The hummus was really good, too. I can't wait to go back!
5	Saw the new cart while walking by the corner on E. Main and MLK on Capitol Square.  My wife had tried it at UW and liked it and I'd read good things too, so I jumped in line. I ordered the F-Bomb (how could I not?) and scampered back to the office.  OMG.  I came really close to going back and getting another one.  It was that good.
4	Terrific falafel + delivery = awesome
5	Absolutely wonderful!  Seriously, their falafel is the best I've ever had, and I'm pretty familiar with the stuff.  It's a popular cart, so you might have to do some waiting, especially if you come during the noon hour.  Both the plate and the pita are amazing, but I find the flavors of the pita with the pickled vegetables, chips, hot sauces all smothered together just fantastic.  Go for it - you won't be sorry.
5	Holy hummus!  This place was great.  Everything we ordered was fresh and yummy.
5	Their food card is phenomenal. I've never been to the restaurant location, but their falafel pita is a great choice for lunch.
5	The best restaurant food I've eaten to date in Madison. The falafel is absolutely heavenly! A MUST TRY!
4	For those of you who are looking for a polished restaurant setting, I would stick to the food cart.  Located in a former house, it is definitely a fixer upper.  A curtain hides the kitchen area.  Space heaters are used to heat the room next to where the food is ordered.  While the amenities are pretty bare bones, the previous reviews are are on point.  The falafel is some of the best in Madison.  Hot, crispy with the perfect blend of spices.  As well, their hot sauce is killer.  But when you don't have a few menu items (on a Monday at 11:45 am), you have to get knocked down a star.  While this may have been a one time thing, it is something that needs to be addressed for those customers (ie. Moi) who really have no other reason to cruise the Fordem Ave. corridor but to eat there.....
5	During a recent visit to Madison I stopped at Banzo for diner before heading home to Wausau - it was a great choice! Everything was fresh and delicous!The falafel really is as tasty as the reviewers say. I got the Banzo pita which was a great deal, a nice large portion. We did the 3 sides for $10 and enjoyed the babaganoush, hummus and couscous tabouli. I think I could eat that couscous tabouli everyday, it was so good!Banzo was a nice treat that I will take advantage of again when I am visiting Madison.
5	This place is the best in mad city by far. As good as falafel at sultans market. Very fine cut, tasty salads. As a vegan, this place satisfies every time with plenty of side dishes and main entrees available. In the desert oasis of the citys north side, this place is a gods send! Love the owners and food carts too.
5	Personally, I've only had the Banzo Sandwich (falafel pita).  Once I have something I love, I prefer not to mess with perfection.  I've traveled in Israel, and this falafel is the real deal (which makes, since according to the website one of the owners is Israeli).  The pita bread is fresh and soft, the three sauces are authentic, and the Banzo box makes eating a delight (if you tear the strip around the side, you can eat out of the box and not make a mess all over yourself).After only ordering delivery for two years, I finally ate at the restaurant. It is super cute, with decent service and a glorious patio.  I agree with others that it would be nice to have the option to put my fries in my pita, but this doesn't seem to be an Israeli thing so we might just have to do the heavy lifting on our own.  My feeling diners have always been pleased with their platters, but they tend to make wistful comments about my cute little sandwich (which is enough for two meals).  I suggest starting with a sandwich and working your way up from there.  If you aren't sure if your love for falafel, order a pita at lunch, when you get two for $10. You can give me the other one.
4	Tasty and not expensive.  I had a delicious Banzo platter, but soon supplemented it with the squash soup and tabouli.  Pleased by everything on my plate and left with my stomach happily distended.
5	Behold the fulfillment of my falafel dreams!  I first had a falafel pita Amsterdam Falafelshop in DC and fell in love.  Since then I have eaten falafel in several cities and states, but nothing ever quite lived up to that first one... until I had the Banzo!  Some falafel I've had were just fried flavorless balls, but here they are crazy crazy yummy.  Plus all the yummy pickles and whatnot that goes into the pita and the two sauces they serve with it (way better than any tahini I've ever had), and you've got a lunch worthy of the cravings that will inevitable ensue.   All hail the chickpea!
4	One of the best food trucks in town. Their falafel is gluten-free and they've given me a side of greens instead of a pita. Also, they deliver. Awesome! Keep it up!
5	Why am I not surprised to see the perfect score? I had the harvest pita which comes with 2 felafel and a seared eggplant. I can never resist eggplant. And I think form now on I might not be able to resist felafel either.Those felafel where perfect balls of happiness. Not sure how they make them, but they were perfectly crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside. Sometimes felafel can be a bit dry, bit these ones were perfectly moist and delicious.Had to wait a bit for it, but I would happily go back and wait all over again just to get another one of those delicious felafel!
5	Love it! It's a nice quick, inexpensive & tasty. I love hear the staff try to figure out ways to attract more hipsters.
4	potatochips in my falafel - that's crazy. crazy awesome.  if you order takeout make sure to remind them to add the sauces. They're so good and the falafel is kind of dry without the yogurt sauce.
5	I'm so glad I don't work anywhere near the campus mall - I'd be eating at food carts at least once every single day. Wow - so good.Despite almost being blown away by the gusty breeze today, I joined friends for a mid-day meal at Banzo. I'd never been to the cart before; they love it. And for good reason - this was a solid lunch on every level.I ordered the "F bomb" - wheat pita, two flavorful felafel, pulled chicken, hummus, and a little "salad". Two kettle chips were added to the monster pita along with a healthy dollop of thai chili paste - I was all set. They all ordered the eggplant platter - it had similar ingredients, only they weren't assembled into the pita.The meal was ready in no time, it was inexpensive, and most importantly, it was phenomenally delicious! I will be back!!!Banzo = WINFood = 5 starsService = 5 stars (two friendly and efficient folks in the cart)Value = 5 stars (our meal was $14)MISC = 5 stars (eating outside can't be beat!)
5	Oh my god. Amazing falafel. Tasty pita. What more can you ask for?!?! I was so ridiculously full after stuffing my face with this portable awesomeness (aka The Banzo pita sandwich) but boy was I happy. No regrets.
4	Food is great but they need to ditch the food cart ethos and hire servers
5	Exceptional falafel at the food truck. Interesting and varied ingredients in the pita along with the falafel. Highly recommended.
5	I have eaten at Banzo 3 times. I now have the right to say that the food is consistently excellent. I eat at the restaurant on Sherman Ave. The location is great for me but many restaurants have tried to make it in that spot with no luck. Please let this be the exception.I always eat the Banzo platter. There are 4 beautiful, crispy light felafel on the plate accompanied by a delicious slaw-like salad, a rice and lentil combo, creamy hummus and whole wheat pita. This is no ordinary felafel. It is a real treat. I always bring half the meal home for the next day.  My bill for this platter and a soda was about $10, a bargain for so much food.I have had soup a couple of times and each soup was unique and very tasty. The chef is very talented and provides a healthy, fresh product which you feel good about eating.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.In the winter it was really cold inside- this is an old building that needs some work. Banzo is famous for its food cart. I am happy to have this gem so close to my home. They also deliver!
5	Okay, here's what you do.  1) Find out where the Banzo food cart is hiding.2) Order the F-Bomb.  When asked about the sauce, respond confidently with "I'll take all three"3) Enjoy.This is one of the best food carts around.  Make sure you show up early---as the lines get kinda long and the service isn't very speedy.   Totally worth it!   Just go now.
4	So I ate at their restaurant and not the food truck. Had the Schnitzel and it's damn good. It's a chicken schnitzel and the crust on the chicken is crunchy but more importantly, the chicken throughout is really, really juicy and tender. I was super pleased. The rice and salad that came with it were solid also. Would definitely repeat this place, and if the rest of the dishes are as solid, would make this place a regular.
4	I ordered the Banzo pita sandwich and hand-cut fries... both were delicious. Probably the best falafel in Madison. The pita sandwich is way worth the $7. It is huge, the falafels are huge. it served as lunch and dinner for me. The fries were excellent as well. They were warm and crispy even though I got my food via delivery. The delivery dude was also very friendly and prompt. Bottom line: eat here.
4	Madison being a college town, I didn't have high expectations for the food here. And generally speaking, I think my lowish expectations were appropriate. However, it's good to be pleasantly surprised sometimes, and Banzo did the job for me. They didn't provide the best falafel that I've ever had, and they had to take some necessary food truck shortcuts (like not cooking to order), but the falafel was tasty and the service was good. Banzo dished my first and arguably best meal in town.
3	Well, if one thing's for certain, it's that heading out to the Middle East has completely destroyed my opinion of falafel.For small city Madison, Banzo is good. Compared to big city NY, it's average. Compared to Israel? No bueno.When I ordered my falafel and asked for the red (and green) chili sauces, it was met with a blank stare. This, my friends, is not falafel. The hummus is too thick, the falafel balls lack flavoring, and they don't even have the green hot sauce! The red is far, far too runny to be remotely legit. Where's the shredded carrots? The pickles? The cabbage?!Sigh. Thanks a lot, Israel. You've officially ruined falafel for me.
5	I was tempted to give them a 1 to reduce the length of the line at the food cart every day, even in rain, but that would be a lie.  I'd stand in the rain and cold, and I have, for as long as it takes to get their falafel.  I switch between the sandwich and the platter, but either way I go for the tahini and hot pepper sauce, totally awesome.  Their hummus is very good, though if I am to be honest not quite as good as Mediterranean Cafe, but I can live with that.  I LOVE falafel, this is better than NYC food cart falafel, which has long been my gold standard, and I've eaten a lot of 3am NYC food cart falafel.
5	I have to admit, I never really got the hype about falafel until today. It's always been mediocre in my opinion. So when I heard all about banzo and the hype around it, it wasn't my first food cart of choice. Which makes me sad. Because today's f-bomb was f-bomb drop worthy amazing. It's a great combination of falafel AND chicken, so you don't have to fully commit to the falafel. The pickles, the yogurt sauce and the hot sauce... all intertwined with the salad, chicken and falafel... wow. Get it. Please get it. The full portion left a very hungry me perfectly satisfied. Not to full, yet not still hungry. Lunch nirvana.Also to note, if you don't dig spicy, lay off the hot sauce. It can be overwhelming if you don't dig spicy.
5	I lived for a few months in the Netherlands, and came back for few visits for some breaks and became a fan of doner kebab. Too bad, I couldn't find anything close to it here. But today, I gave Banzo a try (I had the F-Bomb with all the sauces) and IT WAS GOOD. I guess I will come to have it more often and  can see myself as a regular.Too bad the service a bit sucked.  While the waiter was fine, the cashier was not friendly at all, while I tipped them quite generously :D :D Oh well, it may have been one of those days.Today, I bought the second one. This time I got myself the Kebab. It's good but the F-Bomb is still THE BOMB. Now, I made up my mind: I will only get myself the F-BOMB. By the way, the cashier is another woman who is SUPER FRIENDLY. They should keep her!!!!! :))Yelp didn't let me check in, the message said: I was too far away from that. Well, I only went to the truck at the library Mall.So, yeah. I gave Banzo: 5 stars!!!!!
4	Upping them to 4 stars. My falafel was, for the most part, quite good, although I've got a handful of suggestions that could easily improve it.Got the Banzo--$6--and this thing was *loaded* with falafel. I mean, there were balls everywhere (stop thinking now, perverts). Also in the pita: hummus, cucumber/tomato salad, a couple pickles, homemade potato chips and some tahini.Hummus, from what I could taste, was pretty decent, but nothing special. The thing was a mess and fell apart as I got to the bottom! Obviously, not a complaint from me, because this thing was packed to the brim. The falafel balls themselves, were delicious. The potato chip at the bottom wasn't really crispy--it had become soggy by then. In Israel, cuts of potato are either thick or they're french fries. Salad was pretty basic, but good.Sauces: chili garlic, tahini, yogurt dill. Still no green sauce! And by green, I mean green zhug--the classic hot pepper hot sauce.Yogurt dill was tasty, but weird for falafel. Red chili wasn't as thick as I'd like, but still good, and tahini was tahini. Overall? Pretty solid.Will I be back? Yeah, I think so. I need to try other things. So, here are my suggestions for Banzo:1) Thicker cuts of potato. Chips are fine on the side, but if it's not thick in the pita, then you don't get any of the flavor--and it loses authenticity.2) Laffa. Seriously--offer it! More durable than pita and people will pay more. I know I would.3) Green zhug! It's easy to make, it's spicy, and it's delicious. 4) They should really offer sabih--the traditional Israeli/Middle Eastern eggplant-in-a-pita dish. I'd buy it.I'm rambling. Overall? Good. Service? Great. Everyone is so damn nice. I'll go back.
2	I don't think I have ever seen a more overrated place in my life and I have been to a number of hipster places in Chicago.First off, the people working at the actual restaurant location are a pretty inane lot forgetting they have you on hold or even not putting you on hold so you can hear their loud and annoying voices do other things.  One time I clearly stated my order with all the details needed (wheat pita etc.) and they still had to go through the litany of standard order questions.  It seriously came to the point where I did not eat here solely because I didn't want to go through the ordering process.How's  the food?  Well it's obviously decent enough that I ate here multiple times despite the incompetence at the front desk.  They make good ingredients, in particular their hummus is really good.  Unfortunately, they can't make a sandwich worth a damn.  There is no balance to how the ingredients are arrayed in the sandwich with sauce maybe lightly coating the top or bottom if they are not passing it off in a side container.  Sometimes the chicken is cut up into manageable pieces, others you are left to rip the unwieldy pieces up yourself.  With my last visit the pita itself fell apart when I took it out of its box spraying toppings all over my floor.If you want a good pita sandwich I recommend a place called New Amsterdam in Omaha, which is cheaper, better and gives you more food.  Basically the only thing Omaha has ever added to civilization.  Meanwhile I suggest you skip the Banzo cart and try the Thai cart or the Peruvian cart or the Indonesian cart where they are serving up something tastier and more unique.
5	Delicious. Always. Great staff. Amazing food.
4	5-star falafels (vegan) and 4 star hummus.  Prices are very cheap for the quality and quantity.  Their lunch-time food truck is the best choice for vegans staying around the capitol square.  We also stopped in at their restaurant location on the way out of town and ate way too much!I'd give them a 5 star if only they had some type of dessert, preferably vegan, and preferably baklava.
4	Food was great.  Wifi neede a little help, thus the 4 stars.  Might have been good, but  they didn't know passord, and fumbled with it a bit.  We never got on the whole time we were there. Leaving, they finally go the password.But the FOOD! Wow: awesome hummus, amazing falafel balls (not an expert on this, bu they were very tasty).
4	Delicious.. Amazing falafel and "the chick" pita. Can't wait to try everything else.... Extra hot sauce and tahini sauce please!
5	Do you love falafel? Well I certainly do. The falafel here was as good as any falafel we had overseas. It reminds me of the falafel we ate in London last year.  We ate outside and had a great time for lunch. Very worth the trip on your scooter or bike.   Prices are very good and service isterrific.
4	Excellent falafel! The hummus is homemade and tasty. Best place to get a good falafel pita sandwich.  Love the outdoor seating as well.
5	If someone were to ask me about the best thing I've recently ate, I'd say it's Banzo's falafel. I didn't have them in pita. Just the balls a la carte.Now I get why people love this place. These super fluffy inside, crispy-outside falafel are the best that I've ever had anywhere. I thought I had sampled some of the finest falafel a from SF Bay Area to Paris, but I am happy to report that Banzo's falafel wins the title of "the best."
5	yum.  They deliver and have the best hummus and salad.
5	I'm speechless! Mostly because my mouth is full of fantastic falafel! The food was exceptional, all of the hype I'd heard brought me in- but with such great reviews I expected there was no way the actual time I spent here could possibly meet the spectacular reviews. It was better. Beyond the tantalizing and diverse main dish, the environment was friendly and calm. The employees were on point and it was all very timely.Thoroughly impressed, definitely in my top 3 of Madison's food thus far! If you aren't here, get going.
5	Awesome full Banzo at the cart
5	i rarely eat at the same place twice.  partly cuz madison has so many great places and is always adding more, partly because i live so far away, partly cuz i'm a variety junkie.but banzo....banzo blows that whole theory out of the water.i keep going back!  AND i keep ordering the SAME thing!  GAH!  the harvest....friggin' amazing, lemme tell you why:1. they know how to cook eggplant.2. they know how to make falafel.  like my indian friend from india who had his own restaurant called ananda's in the dells and i was a server there and basically could've been paid in falafel instead of money it was that good and i've sorta had this little empty place inside ever since it closed [deep breath, pause for nostalgic flashback].  i've tried lots of falafel in lots of places to try to fill that void and have failed.....until now.
5	I caught Banzo on the tail end of lunch hour during a recent trip to Madison and man am I happy I did. They were out of a lot of stuff (the sure sign of delicious food), but were so good-humored and adventurous about what kind of food they could give me and Corey D that I think I may have enjoyed the random ordering procedure even more than I would have had I just been ordering standardly.What did I eat? A little bit of a lot of things... falafel, hummus, pita, chips, pickles, and an array of their made-from-scratch sauces. Considering I paid around 7 bucks for this tasty treat in a box I was definitely a happy camper.The food + the happiness of the workers in the truck = a 5 star experience for me!
5	I have walked past the Banzo trailer for months without even knowing about the goodness that is the F-bomb. (I have to admit I thought they were selling those pork buns because their logo looks like that.) Finally, after reading tons of adoring reviews  I ordered the F-bomb pita with chicken. It 100% lived up to it's five-star reputation. The falafel was bursting with garlicky spice flavors and the cabbage added a nice, crunchy texture. I have to say that the falafel out-shined the chicken here. The chili sauce you can add yourself delivered a zingy kick and the tahini dill sauce cooled things down. It was a filling and convenient meal for $8.
4	F-bomb is my favorite. The meat patties are flavorful. They can be slow.....
5	A tasty and healthy option that delivers! If you live/work on the square, you should be eating here once a week...or daily.
4	Have eaten here many a time.  I used to get it delivered at my old job, and then recently was lucky enough to work only 1 block away.  Would visit once a week or so and get the Chicken Pita.  A great flavored grilled chicken, I ordered it with the whole wheat pita.  Topped with some cucumber sauce and hot garlic chili sauce makes it perfect.Would highly recommend it!  Reasonably priced at $8 for a whole pita.
5	This food cart is awesome! I typically am not a big fan of Mediterranean food but the falafels were so perfectly fried and the sauces perfect (my favorite is tahini), that this is one of the most perfect lunch choice at Library Mall. Everything is cooked to perfection, but I would definitely recommend getting the falafel rather than anything else, because seriously, the fried chickpeas is supremely perfect, with just the right amount of spices. Mmmm makes me hungry just thinking about it! I wish I were a student again so I can get this every week. Perfect for a quick lunch between classes/student jobs.
5	No long review needed. Just eat here. Now. Seriously. Are you eating falafel yet? Is it awesome? Are your fries perfectly crispy and delicious? Yep, I thought so.
3	Let me preface this by saying I have only ever ordered from their food card or delivery. And that I consistently hear good things about this place from people I know in the food industry. And they seem like really nice folks. And so please take this with that grain of salt. I've tried, Banzo. I really did. I want to like you. I hear you are great. But you keep letting me down. Did I do something wrong?  The falafel was rock hard and dry once, and burnt the next time. The tabouli was horribly unbalanced and swimming in oil. The tsatziki was bland, and the tahini was.. salty? I think I have caught these guys on bad days.  But the staff is super nice, the prices are reasonable, and it smells amazing. I can tell my falafel would have been delicious if it was not stale/burnt. I think perhaps this is a gem where you should not order it delivery, and stick to the restaurant rather than the cart.
5	Went to the restaurant location on Sherman. Excellent falafel and hummus
5	The BEST falafel I have ever had. YUMMMMM. as mentioned in other reviews- perfectly crunchy on the outside and creamy and amazing on the inside.Had the falafel w/ grilled eggplant in a pita sandwich which was also stuffed w/ a chopped salad and hummus and chips!the pillowy soft, fresh pita comes all the way from Israel (frozen) then they bake it to make it fresh. fantastic.My companion had the beef kabob plate- 4 big meatballs of spiced beef- served w/ hummus, chopped salad, tahini and fresh pita.It was 11 degrees out when I got the falafel craving so we headed to the restaurant on Sherman Ave. What a nice surprise! A cute little bungalow, re-imagined as a cafe where you order in the front room and then head back to a nice warm room filled with about 10 tables. Very cozy and pleasant with a high ceiling and colorful art on the walls. Did I mention Warm? confession- I always get the baklava if it is on offer. Housemade and DELISH!! very cinnamony with perfect flakiness and lots of nuts.I look forward to the spring and summer when I can get some of this food from one of their carts and take it to a sunny spot to enjoy. they also have a nice looking deck/patio at the sherman spot for when the snow melts. If it ever does.
5	In the maze and confusion of food carts on Library Mall, it is easy to get lost in deciding which one to check out. That is, until you look over and realize that twice as many people are crowded around Banzo as compared with the other food options....Banzo it is!After looking over the menu briefly, I settled on the "F-Bomb", which is a whole wheat pita sandwich of 2 falafel balls, grilled chicken, chopped salad, yogurt sauce, and tahini. Boy. I chose wisely. The falafel had a great taste to it and was hearty on its own, but when combined with the grilled chicken this became quite the delicious meal. The chopped salad of sorts and the various sauces that are added in complimented the marriage of the flavorfully satisfying falafel and stick-to-your-ribs chicken. This is the kind of food that you will insatiably, randomly crave. You've been warned.
5	Banzo falafel is good - no - excellent. Really freaking good. I am happy they exist and deliver. The tabouli was weird - like eating a mint plant. But back to the falafel, so good.
4	Oh, Banzo.  I raved about you after the first two times.  This carnivore did not miss the meat with that delicious, perfectly seasoned, crisp falafel paired with pickles and delicious sauces.  Perfect.And then the last time... poorly seasoned, not crispy enough, just underwhelming overall.  Falafel needs to be very flavorful and crisp to avoid being a mushy ball of beans and that is what I felt like I was eating.  Maybe the first two times were so good which made the last time so disappointing by comparison.  I don't know... maybe I will muster up the urge to go back.  Good prices and quality food.  I wanted to give them 3 stars but in fairness to the first two experiences, they get a 4.
3	I was expecting really delicious yummy falafel sand to be honest, I was disappointed.It wasn't horrible but certainly not worth the $10 I paid. The pita bread was really good, soft and chewy. The falafel was nice and hot but lacked any sort of flavor. I could have used some salt but unfortunately didn't have any immediately close by  to spice up the meal. The sandwich was served with two sauces that didn't really complement the meal. However the young lady who took my order was nice and my meal was ready within a reasonable time. I think I will be on the hunt for a different falafel place the next time I am in Madison.
5	MMmmm!  Banzo aims to please and does so wonderfully!  Their cute little restaurant on Sherman Ave is adorable and now serves wine!  The owners are always coming up with exciting specials that always taste delicious.  The pita wraps are all tasty and very filling.
5	Easy review...  The f-bomb with chicken was awesomely tasty!  Perfect place for lunch!  Fast and friendly service.  I ordered the pita the other two in my group ordered platters and we all walked away satisfied.
4	If you haven't been to Banzo on Sherman, you definitely should check it out.  I usually get the Banzo or Harvest platter.  I prefer the platter over the pita sandwich because it's easier to maneuver.  The soups are also delicious.  The only thing I've found that I don't care for is the couscous tabouli, which is almost entirely made of coarsely-cut parsley.  The service is great, and the owners are extremely friendly!
5	Banzo is the best restaurant in Madison. I wish I could give it a sixth star. It isn't anything fancy, and the pitas stuffed with enormous falafel balls can almost be difficult to eat, but the experience is completely justified by how delicious everything tastes. You can tell they pride themselves on the fresh ingredients and authentic flavors. I probably eat here at least once or twice a month.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant for Mediterranean. I've been to the restaurant for both dinner and lunch, and both times were great. I went with a bunch of girlfriends for dinner a few weeks ago. I had the F-bomb platter for dinner and it was a LOT of food for not much $$. We were in and out in an hour, and there was NO conversation during dinner -- I think b/c everyone was so busy eating their yummy dinner. I had the Chicken hummus plate for lunch yesterday. Next time I'll go pita or platter -- anything that comes with falafel! I'm excited this place delivers to my house ... I'm posting the menu on my fridge for future reference.
5	Had an opportunity to dine in at the Sherman location on 3/13/14.+ Same great menu as the cart, plus extras+ Beer/wine served on the premises - very reasonable prices, good selection+ Very friendly staff + Food was every bit as excellent as ever beforePro tip: you can make minor substitutions to the platters... I asked for extra chopped salad instead of the rice, and it wasn't any problem. + Baba ganoush - wow+ Grilled marinated chicken - superb. Excellent quality chicken & great flavor+ Pitas - soft, pliable, delicious+ Hummus - yummy; perfect texture+ Atmosphere: very cozy, intimate, quiet, and excellent+ Great value (2 plates, appetizer, and three drinks came to $35)I was, am, and will remain, a true fan.
5	When I was in grad school, I used to frequent Mediterranean Cafe on State.  Their shwarma sandwiches are killer.  Anyway, they are only open for lunch, so working in Sun Prairie prevents me from getting there with any regularity these days.  My fiance and I had heard about Banzo, so we gave it a whirl on Saturday.  A few things:1. I had the F-Bomb and it did not disappoint.  Combo of falafel and chicken was well balanced and flavorful.2.  We had a side order of pita and hummus.  Also very good.  3.  We took our order to-go.  The service was snappy and we had some ice cold cucumber flavored water while we waited.  This will definitely be a "go to" spot for us in the future!
4	I finally tried it!The falafel is to die for, the hummus pretty good, and the salad/rice is standard. Overall, very affordable and tasty. I can tell why everyone loves it here.I didn't love the eggplant; it was a bit greasy and tasted bitter.The guy who rang me up was very helpful and friendly. I think it would be fun to stop back with friends and make a night of it. When I stopped by, I just grabbed lunch to go.Definitely check it out. This place is a Madison staple. And vegetarian galore.
5	I've eaten at both their food cart and their restaurant, and you can't go wrong with either. Amazing. I recently ordered both The Schnitzel and The Chick, opting for a platter and a pita. I shared with someone, and it was plenty of food. Everything was absolutely delicious. I'd recommend getting the platter, because it comes with a good amount of extra food, including rice and hummus. Also, the falafel is fantastic!This recent order was for delivery, and the person who brought my food was very nice. When I've dined at the actual restaurant, it's always been a pleasant experience. They have a nice space and the staff is friendly.I've eaten at Banzo about a dozen times and it has always been amazing. Highly recommended!
5	I'm no falafel expert, but this is the best falafel I have ever had ever.  I'm not exaggerating and I'm not getting paid.  Crispy on the outside, flavorful, fresh flavor.  Not to mention the baba ganouj, the hummous.
4	I love this place- great hummus, falafel, and the eggplant in The Harvest is delicious. They have vegan options clearly labeled, which I always appreciate, and they even had vegan baklava this weekend! You can get your choice as either a sandwich, platter, or salad; I've had the sandwich in the past and this time I got the salad...which was good, but I liked the sandwich better (I think they even put thinly sliced fries into the sandwiches, mmmm). I definitely recommend The Harvest for the eggplant! Everything I've tried there is very good though, this place can certainly compete with other middle eastern food in the area.
5	Banzo has a location off Sherman but also puts a cart down on campus for lunch during the week.  Sometimes its on State but I have also seen it across from Computer Sciences near the geological sciences building.Anyway, this food is awesome.  Never had anything here I don't like.  The platters are great for kids to share.Wish they had more expansive hours.
5	Easily one of my favorite places in Madison, and the best falafel I've ever had. Good, high-quality and healthy ingredients. Fast delivery. Easy takeaway!
5	I've eaten here about ten times since they opened on Sherman, and this was the first time they made a mistake on my order. It hardly mattered. The food is uniformly divine, and I cleaned my plate anyway.The Chick platter is my go-to favorite. The chicken chunks are all meat, well flavored without a hint of greasiness, the saffron rice and lentils subtly spiced and comforting, the chopped salad with shredded cabbage, lettuce, diced tomato and cucumber with a light vinaigrette is refreshingly crisp, the pita bread crusty outside and tender within, and the butter-smooth hummus is simply off the chain delicious. Tzatziki and spicy hot pepper sauce are great add ins if that's your thing (it's my thing).The beer selections are nice, and there are a million other soft drink options. You order at the counter, which keeps the price low. It's a small space, and was full when I arrived at 8 pm on Thursday night. However, I was soon (within 5 minutes) seated at a table for two in the corner, which was perfect. The lighting is low but not too low, music is a mix of Mediterranean and eclectic, and is kept at a medium/low volume, adding to the relaxing aura of the place.Fresh, delicious healthy dinner, low price, friendly staff that doesn't hover. Doesn't get much better.
5	I stayed in Madison for over a week, and this was the first and THE BEST meal I had by far. My friend, who is a native to Madison, took me around to all the other famous places Wisconsinites like to eat, but I still kept asking to come back to Banzo. Even after my first visit, the food and the ambiance and the staff left quite an impression on me. The restaurant feels like you are eating in someone's home, the staff is friendly and helpful with first timers trying to figure out what to order, the food came out quickly, and we sat out on the porch and ate, the view and the weather was lovely.I can't remember the name of what I ordered, but it's one of the most popular platters there according to the staff. The chicken was cooked nice and tender and everything was super flavorful! It came with two crispy falafel balls, not too dry...the best hummus I've ever tasted, nice and thick, I only wish they gave you more, I licked my little bowl clean! Even the SALAD was really flavorful, I'm not quite sure how they did that, and I never tried saffron rice before but it's amazing! Everything on my plate had it's own unique flavor, so that I could move around on my platter and not get bored of what I'm eating, and the portions were perfect, so that everything was good from beginning to end! Can't wait to visit Madison again just so I can eat here!
5	Where do I even begin?!  Other than to say they have the best hummus...EVER!  And the falafel is so tasty and delish.  Probably the best I have ever eaten too.  I've never gone to the outdoor cart but I have ordered quite a few times from the restaurant on Sherman Ave.  Every time the order is hot, fresh and tastes superb.  I've recruited a few people to try Bonzos and they love it now too!  If this place is not on your to-do list, it should be!  Come on...text your friends, tell them to meet you there. Go.  Do it.  Now.
4	The actual restaurant is adorable. It is a little out of the way, but a nice space with a beautiful patio. The service is no nonsense. But the good, oooooh the food. It is so good. Last time we went I had the Harvest, which was delicious. I wish the eggplant was a little less oily. However, they Definitely have the best hummus in town. The toppings really make the meal here. My husband had the Schnitzel which (unsurprisingly) is non-traditional but delicious.
5	I was so excited when this place opened! Banzo is my favorite food cart by far in downtown Madison, and the food here is no different from their amazing food cart meals! The falafel is amazing, either in platter or pita.
5	This place certainly does not disappoint. It is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. My favories include their Falafel, hummus, pita, and madras rice.  I'm not sure how they make their hummus, but it is so ridiculously creamy and addicting.
5	Best Mediterranean I've had in Madison so far. Get the F-Bomb, my personal favorite. Very unique Americanized versions of Mediterranean dishes. Love the location. Burrows Park right across Sherman - the quieter part of Sherman. And big ups on the patio. Can't say enough about a good patio. Good place to go for a cheap bite and relax!
4	Banzo has, hands down, the best falafel that I have ever eaten. It is light, perfectly crisp, freshly fried, and delivered with delicious tahini sauce. Their hummus is simply superior. If Banzo stuck to serving only products linked to its namesake (garbanzo beans) I would give this restaurant five stars without a thought. The Punchline: drop what you are doing and immediately go to Banzo and eat falafel and hummus. Now. It will change your life.The Proviso: Banzo does attempt to reach out beyond falafel, with less success. Their eggplant is delicious, but sodden with oil. Equally, their chicken suffers from the same vice that plagues most chicken served in Madison: it is over-spiced, and over-cooked.  The chicken is edible, but regrettable. I have not eaten the beef kabob, so I have no opinion on this option. That being said, why would you eat any of this when you can eat the falafel and hummus?Eat the falafel.
5	ASTOUNDING falafel. Just how my friend's mom used to make it. Perfect texture- not dry, crumbly, or hard. Moist and just right. Always leaves you wanting more- especially with the house hummus and sauces. The people are just as awesome as the food.
5	I really, really love this place. Owner, Netalee, learned to make hummus from her grandmother as a child in Israel. It's a two-day process and the end product is truly amazing.I've traveled to Israel several times for work, and I've been able to eat some of the finest Mediterranean food you can find anywhere, and Banzo is on par with that. They take great pride in starting with fresh ingredients and not taking shortcuts. They also take pride in ensuring many of their offerings are vegetarian or vegan, and they don't have any processed foods in sight.Whether you are at the food cart or the main restaurant, you cannot go wrong. The F-bomb pita with chicken on wheat never disappoints, and you get your falafel fix with the two that are included in the pita. The clever pita take-out box is great too!We live in the neighborhood and have seen many restaurants try to make it in their space that is an old house. They've done a nice job with the space and we LOVE the patio. I was there at 1:00 today and it was hopping. So nice to see Netalee and Aaron putting down roots here.
5	If I lived in Madison, I would be eating at Banzo all the damn time. As it is, we found out about Banzo via an article in a Madison magazine, so it was merely by chance that we decided to seek it out when we returned home from Mt. Horeb. Banzo's concept is simple: you basically pick groups of ingredients (e.g., I ordered the Harvest, which contains falafel, roasted eggplant, and a few other things) and how  you want it prepared (pita sandwich, salad, hummus plate, or platter). My husband ordered the F-Bomb (delicious chicken) platter, and I ordered the platter as well with the Harvest. I also tried a side of their tabouli, the salmon/avocado soup, and we both got ice teas. Their iced tea is amazing, first of all. I have never had better iced tea. And the food was delicious: we really liked the rich tahini flavor of the hummus and the crisp but fresh texture of the falafel. In addition to the hummus, we both got salad and rice with the platter, and both were outstanding. The flavor of the rice was out of this world!Their flavors were really unique -- the chicken my husband ordered had a taste that we really couldn't pin down, but it was a good taste. The same goes for the rice, which seemed to have turmeric or curry in it. My only complaint was that they did not use basmati rice but regular, short-grain rice, which seems odd for a restaurant serving Middle Eastern cuisine. We really enjoyed our meal at Banzo and can't wait to visit Madison so that we can eat there again!
4	I have been here twice in the last few weeks and really enjoyed the food and view the porch seating. They have nice little touches like adding cucumbers to the water. Excellent humus. I have tried the chicken kabobs and brisquit..both were a little salty, but the rest of the meal more than made up for it.
5	Okay, this is complicated, the food is amazing!Mainly the hummus, falafel, pita, salad.It is truly a great place, the best food in Madison.Here's the problem with Banzo, inconsistency.Yep, overall great, but on occasions, too many now, food which we order does not have the same recipe as usual, it's not a matter of being slightly off, it's a matter of tasting completely different than before, are they testing their recipes at random?If so they need to stop it.We go back to get the same awesome food every time it needs to taste the same, because that's how restaurants work, you have a winning recipe, you stick with it and never deviate, ffs.This has happened 2 times with the chicken that comes in the F-Bomb.Their usually awesome rice changes too, the balance of the spices are not right, this has happened 4 times.The salad also sometimes is not right.Falafel is sometimes overcookedAnd finally sometimes we get the home-made potato chips and other times they are non-existent , about 50/50, seems like it's a bonus prize sometimes if you are especially deserving. But I thought it was supposed to be always included, oh well, bummer.So that's all weird stuff, they have great products (food/recipes), they need to maintain their quality control, perhaps the people making the food (chefs?) aren't up to par?Not sure, but we will go back and cross our fingers, if it wasn't for the fact that all the other food in Madison is pretty much crap, Banzo might not taste so awesome, not sure anymore, it's hard to judge in such a culinary void.Come on Banzo we're rooting for you!
5	Usually not a big Mediterranean food lover.  Everyone makes it differently, some good some not so good.  Banzo however is a welcome surprise.  Tried the "F-bomb" plate.  We did both the chicken and the beef.  Comes w/2 falafel balls, rice, bread, hummus and a little dressing.   Seriously, the best!!  Very reasonable price, quickly served.  I preferred the beef just a bit more.  Well prepared-hummus was very very good.  Not garlicky or overpowering.  Selection of wine as well as some non-Mediterranean dishes are availble.  Atmosphere: its the Isthmus.  Free Wi-Fi, you have to get the password while I normally don't like that, I can understand not paying for the neighborhood to have free Wi-Fi and reserving it for your customers.  Inside and outside seating.Great experience, value for money, will return again and again.
5	Fantastic felafel and hummus.  Generous portions and reasonably priced.  We will be back!
5	Wow!  Was missing all these good eats since I lived in Israel and then New York.  The hummus is wonderful, and the best pita I've had in forever.  I took a friend who had never had any of these foods, and she loved it also.  We both had the F-bomb plate.  She had the beef and I had the chicken.  We both preferred the chicken because we like spicier foods.  Definitely will be back.
5	Just got lunch carry-out and it was awesome. Ordered the two pita sandwiches for $10 special and the three sides for $10 special. The  sandwiches were huge, the four felafel balls per sandwich were delicious as were the pitas and all ingredients, all FRESH and made while you wait. The hummus and babaganush and felafel balls sides with extra pitas were a meal for 2 in themselves. Located directly across from an enormous park...perfect place for a picnic or a date! Wonderful!
4	My friends and I shared a F-bomb sandwich which was good but not amazing. I enjoyed it but maybe bc we got different food from other carts, it didn't stand out compared to the other carts we got. I do recommend this place and say that this place is one of the top 3 carts located here though!
5	Two years later, I remain obsessed with this Madison gem. You just can't beat their falafel. Half of the time I'm in Madison, I get Banzo and the other half of the time I wish I was eating it.My favorite will remain the F-Bomb platter. The platter contains the coveted falafel, juicy/flavorful chicken, hummus, cucumber salad and rice. I like the option of white or wheat pita bread...very thoughtful. The tahini and spicy sauces are both perfect additions.Since last review: Visited their brick and mortar location on Sherman. Great atmosphere -- laid back and comfortable. Patio is nice too.I had the falafel this weekend and I'm still thinking about it...
5	I had the F bomb pita sandwich and it was the best thing I've had in a long time. I can see why it's called the "f bomb" it was f-in amazing!
4	Great food truck!  I had the F bomb and loved it!  The girl serving me was happy and helpful.
1	don't count on their food truck being open when they say it will be or even at the location they post on their social media handles. they really should delete all their social media because it only cuts time out of lunch breaks for people who work on the square, get there only to have the dudes smoking cigs tearing it trying to make a point to simultaneously show you they are cool, but totally not give a crap. banzo is run by bogus people.
5	Oh Banzo, you are fantastic!  Seriously, just take a little drive and have your meal on the patio. This place has ample parking, and really when can you say that about a restaurant?You order your food at the counter and take your number to your seat. I got the chicken in a pita. Delicious per usual. Your pita does not look that big until you start eating it. Then it is this monstrous everest of a meal. The chicken is seasoned and little bite to it. The seasoning is fantastic. The yogurt sauce is a nice compliment to the flavorful chicken. They offer cucumber water on the house or you can purchase a bottles beverage (alcoholic or not). The jewel of this place is their falafel. This is HANDS DOWN, the BEST falafel I have had ever. Not just in Madison, which is a black hole of falafel, but in life. Just eat it. I take it with yogurt sauce and just skip the tahini. I have to stop myself from going daily.
3	I love this place for an inexpensive, filling meal, especially when eaten outside on their lovely patio.I've tried the F-Bomb a couple times, but the chicken was way too salty for me. Now I stick with The Banzo and love the flavors. If only they could layer the ingredients better. All of the salad falls out of the top during the first couple bites, then you get lots of lots of falafel, and then at the end you have a glob of hummus with nothing else but a soggy chip. I usually end up buying a side of hummus (which is delicious) so that I can enjoy it while I eat my pita instead of at the end!When I first started coming here, I was IN LOVE with their fries. They were perfect!! I don't know what happened...different oil, different cooks, I don't know...but now they are so hard and crunchy and salty they verge on inedible. Bring back the old fries!!I keep returning for The Banzo, though.
5	We agree. The falafel are the best around.  Although their pita is pretty good as well.Decided to not go out, but order out this Saturday night.  As Banzo was nearest restaurant on our list, it was the choice.Ordered the Banzo platter, the f-bomb platter and a side of tabouli.All were delicious.  The chicken kabobs from the fbomb platter were season just enough to have a kick, but not overwhelm. The salad cooled off the palette, and the falafel are the best.  keep it up.  cucumber sauce is fantastic, just a great spot.Oh, the pita, light fluffy and so much more in everyway than store bought pita.  Go!!  We'll be back often.
5	Yummy falafel and hummus!
5	I am in love with Banzo since the first time I tasted their falafel. I usually get pita one. The taste is consistently delicious.
5	Banzo is the best for many reasons, but consider this:  how many times have you eaten eggplant in a restaurant and it was gooey and soft with a chewy skin?  How many times have you never noticed the eggplant in a dish because it melts away, leaving only the tough, over-ripe and under-cooked skin?  Yes, I agree.  Too many times.  Leave those bad memories behind and eat at Banzo!  Their eggplant is always delicious, structurally intact, and flavorful.  They are great for vegetarians, vegans, GF, and anyone who loves delicious food.
2	Eh...overcooked, tough schnitzel. Bland salad could use some salt, oil, and lemon. It also came with 3 cc of yogurt and 3 cc of tahini in some very small condiment cups (that's 0.101442068 US fluid ounces for those of you who prefer freedom units). I also got one and a half chips, which was a nice added touch. Boring but ultimately palatable. Delivery was free.
5	Really great hummus and falafel! Love ordering delivery from here. I am a fan of ordering the hummus plate options, because it comes with a ton of hummus and you can eat it for days. They also have yummy pickles you can get on the side. Tip: if you are calling for delivery, ask what the ETA will be. Sometimes it can take a pretty long time. Though usually worth the wait!
5	THE F-BOMB PLATTER IS THE EFFING BOMB.I don't know about you kids, but I know I'm F-ing lazy when it comes to eating out sometimes. This definitely applies to me back when I was in school. So thank the heavens for the Banzo cart which was in Library Mall almost EVERY day. And if it wasn't, their twitter lets you know where they are. I've been to the actual restaurant once and it was just as good. The house is really cute but it's in the middle of nowhere...at least for me, the student/isthmus dweller sans car. Back to the F-Bomb: The marinated chicken is a slightly sweet, light, and filling. The falafel balls are fluffy and falafelly, and the chopped salad is inexplicably tasty. What makes a salad special? I don't know, but Banzo's is pretty F-ing good.The food won't leave you in a state of self loathing or immobile a la food coma. You'll just daydream of falafel balls dancing around your head for the rest of the day.Ain't no thang.
5	Found these guys on yelp. Called for delivery. They told me I was out side there delivery area, so I offered an additional $10. They took me up on the deal! Got the f bomb platter it was great, hand cut frys are the best I have had in Wisconsin (by far)! Falafel was great, I mean really great, hummus was fresh and tasty!  Lentil soup was very good. I have two complaints. They sent Hunts ketchup,  sorry it sucks, and the salad was just OK. The green mix was good but the dressing was oily and flavorless. Still worthy of a 5 star rating.
5	I was in the mood for something light and heaven forbid, semi-healthy.  Blasphemy, I know, especially in the cheese and beer capital of the US but it does happen, I suppose.Thanks to Sarajane's post, I ordered the Chick platter with salad.  It was a towering plate of salad with greek olives, feta, mixed greens, cucumbers, chickpeas and all sorts of other goodies.  The chicken itself would have been a great meal but mixing it with the salad was super satisfying!!  It was the perfect day to sit on their porch and bask in the late September sunshine.  Where else can you find a deck like this?  The service was also very friendly.  They were willing to explain to us exactly what we were ordering, and the food came out quick.  Yeah, it is nummy.  No arguing that.
5	Great place for vegetarian (and not)!The hummus, tabouli & majadra rice, is just the perfect lunch. Healthy and so good.
1	Ordered for delivery and was told it would take 45 mins. I called them an hour and fifteen in and was told they should be there any minute. A half hour later I finally got what I ordered An hour and 45 mins, that's how long it took to receive my stone cold falafels. This was my first time ordering with them and probably my last
3	Aaron did reach out to me to rectify the situation and it was much appreciated I'm going to use the credit given to give them a second shot, I'll let you guys know how it goes
5	This review is for the food cart.AMAZING. For the price I got my food at, 5 stars worthy for sure.The people there were super nice, but also conversational which didn't make the interaction awkward. Despite the swarm of other customers nearby, they calmly took their time with me, having never been there before, to explain the different menu items, how long some would take, etc. I eventually decided on the F-bomb pita with beef kebab.They said they were grilling the kebabs fresh but it still took less than 5 minutes; plus the other people surrounding the cart. The beef is ground, which I didn't expect, but every bite was just as flavorful as the next. After looking at yelp reviews online, apparently all the craze is the chicken. Could the chicken be THAT much better than the beef? I can't wait to try that out too. The flavor combination of the pickles, hummus, salad, chips with the sauces is INCREDIBLE. I don't know how it works out so swimmingly, but it resulted in a near-mouthgasm (amazing for 7 bucks).I know everyone raves about the falafel, and it's no joke: I was legitimately saddened the moment I ate the last bite of falafel. My heart actually sank when I didn't see any more of that luscious, yellow-green falafel interior enclosed by the perfectly crispy brown crust. Holy f***. It's so good. Granted, I'm not a falafel enthusiast (I've had it like... 2-3 times maybe?) but I think I am now!I only have 2 minor complaints which were definitely trivial enough to keep my 5-star rating:First is the portions; 1 sandwich was definitely not enough, but 2 would've been overkill. Maybe I'll have to get the platter next time!Second is the sandwich construction: As ingenious as the paper box is, the sandwich proportioning at the end is a let down. Let's put it this way: the meal ends on a much lower note than when it starts. Obviously it's because they have to stuff the pita from the opening, so there's all the yummy sauces and good stuff at the beginning and at the end it's the leftover liquid soaking up the last pita bites, but it does take away from the experience.But seriously. So good. I will come again to buy The Chick platter and a special side of falafel, because 2 of those fried babies simply is not enough for me. YUM.
5	OMG, Banzo. This restaurant, which grew out of the original Banzo food cart, features fresh-made Mediterranean dishes like hummus, falafel, and babaganush. They also have delicious American-style foods like marinated chicken, beef kebab, and Schnitzel.Banzo's food is so good that you'd almost believe it's not real, but the happy reality is that it Israel. Of course, you know I'm telling the truth -- after all, I Canaan tell a lie. Oman, I'm Mecca-n myself laugh now ... (Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all night).Banzo's falafel is the first and only falafel I've ever liked (and I tried it many times during the month I spent in Israel). Their specialty chicken is superb -- cooked perfectly and seasoned just right. The pita bread (imported directly from Israel) hits the ball right in the pocket (bad dum ching), the humma-humma-hummus is SO good, and the salads are fresh and flavorful.On top of their great food, it also happens that Banzo's owners, Aaron and Netalee, are both genuinely great people. I guess that shouldn't be a surprise, though, given what a wonderful restaurant they've brought to the Madison community.
2	The food is stellar BUT the customer service is not friendly or accommodating! I had a catering order for my office, with various special requests, and the person I spoke with was quite irritated and terse with me. I don't appreciate when I am bringing a sizable amount of business and I am treated like an inconvenience...I would advise thinking twice before ordering catering from here - unless you enjoy delicious food with service that leaves a bad taste in your mouth.
5	Went here with a  friend a few weeks ago for dinner. The food was fantastic.  I ordered the platter with falafel and eggplant.  The falafels were delicious and flavored well.  The eggplants was great to dip in the homemade hummus, which was also tasty.  The weakest part of the dish was the side salad, which was a little bland/plain.  Service was fast, even for a Friday night.  I will definitely be coming back here again.
5	Going gonzo over Banzo. First ate in house and had perfectly made crisp falafel sandwich. Second, took out falafel and grilled eggplant sandwich. Got home and it was still hot!  The sauces are also delicious. Not to mention the handy dandy to go boxes that carry your booty upright and covered. I have been daydreaming about going back often!!  Thank you for truly well prepared fresh food. A quantum leap above your usual middle eastern inspired restaurant.
5	What is there not to like about Banzo? It is exactly what Madison needs more of! I have to honestly say, the best falafel I have ever had.The pita's they are using go beyond the word "good". More like amazing! Fresh, soft, & tasty making me always asking to come back for more! The marinated chicken is fantastic!The Schnitzel pita is one of favorites! I really enjoy that each bite I take is filled with a new surprise....Is it going to be relish? Chicken? or Tahini sauce...it is all so good.They have a great outdoor patio also. You can find the perfect amount of shade on a beautiful sunny afternoon day here. Plus, as a added bonus, they always have out fresh cucumber water. It's great!The staff (and owners) are awesome people, making every experience here better than the last. One of my favorite restaurants in Madison!
5	Very few places can keep up a high standard of food. This place does it. It is fresh, it is delicious and it does not disappoint. I receive the same quality each and every time I go back.
5	It's a bit of a drive for me, but the staff is friendly and the food's always great. The banzo or f-bomb in a pita are always amazing choices.
5	Never had a bad meal from Banzo. I love the F-Bomb with chicken and falafel. So yummy. I also love their homemade potato chips.Their delivery was speedy, it only took like 25 minutes to arrive.
4	Very good, mostly inexpensive Mediterranean food. Compares well with some of my favorite Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants in Chicago (though a few of those still hold an edge). Definitely my favorite falafel and hummus in Madison. I've had several of the entree options in various forms (on a plate, in a pita) and they're all delicious. They have about half a dozen solid craft beers to choose from.A few things aren't stellar. Side orders are expensive for a pretty small portion. Like, you pay $4 for what seems like about 3/4 cup of rice or couscous. Also, I've eaten there at least 20 times by now, and I almost always have my order taken by the same few people, but they clearly still have no memory of me (or just don't show it). After a while, this kind of makes a guy feel unimportant.
5	LOVE this place. They have great staff at both the restaurant and food truck. I always get the f bomb with chicken and it's amazing!!! Fresh and always delicious!
