5	Not only do you get some fairly eclectic flavors of people and food but, you get to smoke the Best Sheesha ( Starbuzz from killa cali bitchs! ) in town! Over 20 Tradition flavors 20 Premium and 20 Exotic tobaccos!Experiance two floors of fun, hookahs, food and music!Tuesdays:Downstairs:Open Mic with Jo ( the illest Tenacious D covers!)Upstairs:Cabaret Nights with the girls of Sinistar Exhibit! A different theme every week! Come in theme etire and get 10% off food or Hookah!Thursdays: Downstairs: Dead Night! The Greatful Dead all night! Plus Beer deals!Upstairs: Death Metal Hardcore Night! Bring CD's and get 10% food or Hookah! Hear bands like Animosity, Terror, Evey Time I Die & Hoods.Saturday:Upstairs:Hip Hop Night! Hosted by The Baysik Sickness! Come see the newest  local hip hop get down every Saturday live!This is NOT your average hookah bar.
5	If you ever crave a good hookah, this is the place to go. So many inventive flavor combinations! I want to keep going back just to try all the different flavors. The tobacco is tasty, the specialty shots (like the Peach Ring) are delicious and the bartenders are fantastic. We even made some new friends while hanging out here. A diverse and fun crowd is always around. Definitely one of my favorite places in the South Side!
2	To start with, I recently moved back from Mumbai where hookah bars are everywhere so I had a reasonable idea of what I do and don't like about Hookah bars heading into my experience here. That said, I dulled down my expectations of "authenticity" as this Hookah bar is in Pittsburgh, PA and on Carson Street none the less.First, I must say that while the two flavors I first ordered ( which were replaced with the help of the waitress by "almost the same" flavors)  were good. I had blackberry and Mint+guava and the flavors lasted for about an hour or two with 4 people smoking.  The hookah was a quality smoke for the most part- these hookahs were lit by coals heated in a small over which greatly improves the flavor from any small brick coal someone may give you. Hint: look for hookah bars that do not use circle shaped coals and you will have a better smoke!Important: my friends and I arrived before 8pm. Call this location and check to see, but when I went that meant before 8pm was hookah "happy hour" and with hookahs ranging up to $20 a pop, that means heading over a few hours earlier might save you a lot.While the service was friendly enough, the atmosphere was lacking to say the least. This Hookah bar feels like a bar in the Southside of Pittsburgh, and there just happen to be hookahs thrown in.  This means sort of dingy, poor lighting, and " we got this on sale" style decor and seating. For a more authentic experience I suggest you search elsewhere.The food, which was only served until 9pm was also off the mark. They have Italian food? And Nachos? Strange Hookah bar indeed...
3	Definitely bar first with hookahs coming second, but the bartenders are great and fun to talk to. The prices are a bit steep - as the other reviewer said go from 6-8pm for half-priced hookahs or you could be looking at over $20 for a single one plus a mandatory drink. The flavors are interesting and they always have a featured flavor which was usually great and a fun combination. The atmosphere was nice, with a big wooden bar and local art being showcased. If you're looking for something to do on Carson street before going out, definitely stop by and hang out for a little bit.
4	I know, I know I'm somewhat of a hypocrite, don't smoke cigarettes but I will smoke a hookah (once, twice a year maybe) With that being said I have always enjoyed myself at Hkahn, they have a vast variety of flavored tobacco and endless alternatives to add to the base. The establishment is very cozy and the food is quite good, they also have a decent beer selection (Lancaster strawberry wheat on tap!), add all of this together and it results in a consuming evening which also adds up to big bucks. We've been known to drop $100+ in one night.
3	It's funny how time can lead a person back to where it all began. Hkan was one of the first hookah joints to open in Pgh and it was the big shizznit back in the day. Then it fell off completely for me but has somewhat re-appeared on my list of acceptable places to meet friends.Hkan is a somewhat schizoid place. It's part hookah bar, part regular southside bar, part indie/open mic joint. It doesn't do any of those individual pieces spectacularly but it doesn't really fail at any of them either.The atmosphere is dark and low-key, which fits all three aspects of Hkan's personality. I'm not especially entranced by the musical acts they bring in so I won't comment on those. The bartenders are fun and will make you a pretty strong drink; prices for drinks are reasonable. The shisha is slightly expensif but the flavors are good and the pipes 'hit' nicely. I've come to appreciate Hkan's low-key, more adult ambiance and coupled with the drinks they serve, I do enjoy myself quite a bit when visiting this place.
