4	I couldn't help but be amazed that the new FOODBAR restaurant stands for so much! They stand for local sourcing of organic and natural foods, artisan breads and friendly-outgoing customer service. Their slogan SEASONAL. FRESH. FLAVORFUL is true to it's words! The 2 of us took a romantic walk over the Scottsdale canal (hipsters may call it the Scottsdale Waterfront but I believe in calling it what it is) last night to FOODBAR. We have been hearing somethings about fresh, organic local and decided to check it out. There was a wonderful person there named Ruth who greeted us with a cheery smile and a sweet and helpful nature. The concept is simple.. a horseshoe shaped bar that you walk through and place your order. Well the problem is that there are several different menus including specials, sandwiches and hot foods. So you really have to think about things before you order. I didnt even know about the hot foods until I saw the chef plating up one of the juiciest looking chickens. I had already ordered or I would have been all over that! I think once the chef and manager figure out how to simplify the people will stop scratching their heads and eat. I have some suggestions for simplification even anyone from FOODBAR is reading!We ordered a bacon and goat cheese flat bread.. a Cuban sandwich.. bbq sandwich and a white bean salad which was large enough to share. All the food was fantastic! The star was the white bean salad and the Cuban sandwich! The sandwich must have been close to a lb.. we could have easily shared that the flat bread and the salad and not had been as stuffed as we got! Oh, they also now serve wine and beer! The food we ate SCREAMED for wine! FOODBAR is very casual, comfortable and stands for many great things.. it's not pricey, we spent 35 bucks for the 2 of last night and I would say we over ordered. This will be a very cool place to order a few things and share some wine and conversation with. It's certainly going into regular rotation.
3	It's fun eating here. That's my first impression. The restaurant itself is really pretty, sleak and nicely organized. From that perspective, it made dining there a treat. Check out the bathrooms. They're cool.Our food, while good wasn't prepared as we ordered it. That said, it was good, just not right. I know we'll go back, but this time we'll just keep an eye out.
4	I've been to Foodbar a couple times. The food is pretty reasonably priced and GOOD! It's kind of tucked away in Old Town, and probably doesn't get enough traffic. Whenever I go there, it's pretty empty.  The grilled chicken is $5. The turkey meatloaf is great and priced reasonable.  I've had the salad and greek yogurt. All great!One thing that somewhat irked me was that I was overcharged for my meal after we told them twice what our order was.  It took the cashier some time to figure what to do before asking her manager for help. Wasn't sure why it was so difficult. We order 4 things, and we get charged for 6 things. The employees kind of sleepwalk in the place and provide no energy also.  I honestly feel like i'm at some jehovah's witness shelter. I would recommend the manager take his employees to band camp or something, or atleast make them appear they are enjoying their job.  Since I only now get takeout there, I won't rate them lower because of their employees. For food and value, I give them 4 stars.
4	I must disclose that I am involved with this restaurant. But I can still review it, I hope, since I have nothing to do with the food or the service. I was a little doubtful of how, exactly, the interior was going to work. Cool, but it can be confusing the first time around. The food was decent when it first opened, but has improved considerably! I love, love their buttermilk chicken. It's delicious. Everything is fresh and intriguing and locally grown/prepared when possible. The staff isn't your stereotypical Scottsdale service, I think they're more down-to-Earth and welcoming, which is great. I wish I worked closer so I could pop in to pick up breakfast. I'm still wondering what they're going to do about those copper tables outside, though. They get scorching hot during the day.
3	Perhaps it's just me. Perhaps I confuse easily. I mean, I could never even finish a TV Guide crossword. But the layout at Foodbar is a little freakish. ORDER HERE. PAY HERE. It's an upscale cafeteria style, that looks oh so cool and stylish but navigates like a maze and left me feeling like the dorky high school guy who wants to sit with the jocks but ends up with audio visual club. I wasn't quite sure where to go, it's very clean and modern, yet quite cluttered. The curried chicken salad was delicious as was the buttermilk chicken salad. Were they expensive? Well, it's a new Scottsdale restaurant, so yes, and I wasn't surprised. But $8 for a little dish of chicken salad? Hmmm. The parmesan risotto cakes were also good and came with a field green salad. Ham and brie baquette, well, not too inventive and quite dry and hard. The food is delivered to the table. When ours arrived, the server didn't have silverware for us. Oh? We're supposed to get it? Didn't know. Hate that. All in all, it was OK. Worth checking out again. At least now, I might know where to walk, stand and pick up my silverware and the other kids won't make fun of me!
3	I am a creature of conveniences. I love them. I love the technology that we're provided this day and I love trying to master the art of multi-tasking.  Because I accept this of myself, I am also sensitive to eateries that are trying to add an avenue to revenue generation, by creating a concept that gives me all sorts of opportunities to spend money, but doesn't tell me how to use the concept. This morning, I walked into the Food Bar. The space is fabulous - once you get in and take a look around. I, however, didn't realize I walked into the back door. And, went to the back coffee bar. I was meeting a new friend and knew there was more down the corridor; but  I thought that breakfast items were the noshy-muffins and cookies that were being offered by what I understand now to be the 'back patio.' There is actually a southside entrance that if you enter and turn left you go right into the area where your full menu of choices resides. Except again, I don't know how to spend money because the staff really isn't very helpful - even though I am forcing questions - the service team there is underwhelming and uninspired. My friend and I settle on each having a muffin -  I didn't ask, but hers looked a little grainy and dry. I wonder now if it was good? Mine on the other hand was a crazy good blueberry that had huge, juicy blueberries. Super delicious. And although the coffee was delicious, and so was my muffin - there wasn't an attempt at hospitality. And since a 16 ounce of coffee is $2.13, for that type of coffee tag, I am expecting a little warmth. We don't receive it. There wasn't  a warm welcoming feel that says "Hi, good morning - have you been here before? Do you know how this works?" I hate the 'unknowing' and especially when I am trying to spend money, I want to feel smart about how I spend my cash. Is that too much to ask? And, when I have to think, worry or wonder if I am moving through a restaurant and doing something 'wrong' - it takes the convenience factor that I crave and throws it in the trash. Don't get me wrong, I will go back to the Food Bar - its just that next time I will know how to navigate it and know that I will be totally left alone.
3	Please note that this review is based only on one visit.  I hope that future visits will be better and I can add at least another star to this review...I met Shannan M. for breakfast at the Foodbar a few weeks ago.  We were both excited to try a new place.  Although we walked in separately (from different entrances), we both shared a similar experience upon entering.  The staff was not so friendly and being that we were new customers, we wanted to feel welcome.  When we made our way up to the cafeteria style bar to order food, Shannan even asked the lady working for some suggestions and she didn't really make anything sound too great.  We both ended up with a muffin and coffee (I know, pretty boring).  So, I feel that I need to pay the Foodbar another visit in hopes that they will be more welcoming and perhaps even sell me on something more delicious than a plain ol' muffin.  I did hear that since my visit, my BF had a more pleasant experience, so I am optimistic that they are working on customer service.  Time will tell...
4	What the crap? I skimmed through all the reviews here of this place and I can't figure out what people didn't like about it.  Only 3 stars from most people? This place is so hip it hurts. It's what everyone wants - a little bakery/breakfast/market/coffeeshop sort of place. It was empty when I went there around 4pm on a Thursday, but this place probably gets slammed for lunch and breakfast. Everyone wets their damn pants over Le Grande Orange and that place isn't so much more special than this. They appear to have really good food and the people there were all pretty nice and friendly. Now I really want to have a bad time there so I know what everyone's complaining about. Anyway - only been there once, so apart from the name sucking - I like it and I'll try it again and revise my review later if things change.
4	Yumyumyum!  And good looking, too!  This place is hot!  It is surrounded by good shopping, has a nice outdoor area for people watching or kids playing, has a coffee bar for those who haven't kicked the java habit yet :).  It basically has it all!  I had a chicken panini on focaccia bread with pesto mayonnaise.  It was delicious but I'll warn you it was very large.  Don't feel like you need to get a side salad to come up with a filling lunch.  That said...the salads looked great, as well.The food service and cashier staff were very helpful.  They knew about the ingredients.  They knew what sold the best.  They were willing to tell you how they liked certain things prepared.  The place was so easy to find, park at and figure out, too.  Everything was clear in terms of where the bathrooms could be found, where the condiments and paper products were and where to start in line to do your ordering.The best part of the experience was the design, though.  This place is very modern/industrial with fun little touches like brushed steel purse hooks at the end of each table.  The bathrooms were separate stalls for the sexes, but had a terrifically outfitted co-ed sink/vanity area.  In addition, if you want to sit inside or outside they've got you covered...and I mean covered.  It felt cool inside and outside and it was kind of hot the day we went.I'm excited to bring the kids by...there are lots of places for them to play and the kids menu looked good and was very reasonably priced ($3 for a PBJ).Keep up the good work!
4	I enjoy coming to the Food Bar for lunch. Their vegetable sandwich is amazing and is huge! Its completely filling and the veggies are cooked perfectly! The guy that makes the coffee is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. If you walk in the resturant in a bad mood, he will make you smile. He also makes a great peanut butter smoothie!
5	San Francisco. Paris. Washington DC. In any of these cities, FOODBar would be comfortably at home. Imagine a constant stream of foot traffic coming and going  - doors swinging open, cash registers opening and closing, hungry business professionals pointing at glass displays, while their foggy morning minds awaken to the idea of breakfast. Yes, FOODBar is designed to satiate a constant flux of growling stomachs. In several ways, this establishment reminds me of the bakeries and cafes you'll find in larger metro areas, like DC. That's why i love this place. The entire concept gets two big thumbs up from me. For, you see, while AZ people are used to a more leisurely approach to food and ordering, most major cities have no patience for an indecisive person holding up the line. Most hungry and hurried professionals know immediately what to order, or they understand that a less-than-snappy decision will warrant snarls and glares from people waiting in life behind them. Well, while I love the leisure vibe of Phoenix, I understand that in any other major metro, FoodBAR would be an instant success - especially since it belongs in a downtown/center mecca area. When you step inside, immediately you see that the line to decide and order will lead you to the register to pay. Behind the glass displays sit your numerous options. From Waldorf and couscous salads to rotisserie-style chickens and bulging muffins, you have a plethora of options. It's not easy to decide what to order when you're awe-struck at the delicious looking choices before your eyes. The man behind the counter let me know he was available for any ques. or to let me sample something. I took advantage of his offer and sampled the couscous, which I decided to order. $3.50 for a side salad. Then I rounded the corner, past the attractive and succulent slow-cooking chickens and continued to the register - past the tempting muffins - where I asked for a side of chicken with my salad, as well a small Fuji water, which is stored in the sliding-glass fridge past the register. All this rung up under $8. Nice. After paying, I took a table marker and found a spot with my co-workers. We sat at a bar-style area half-way between the main area and the coffee/to-go part of FOODBar. The seating was surprising comfortable. Within minutes, my food arrived. After mixing the chicken with the salad, it was apparent I'd need a to-go container. Portions are huge! I saw a couple sandwiches pass by that could EASILY be split between two people. That comes to about $5 for a huge 1/2 sandwich. Talk about a good deal! As for taste, it was very refreshing. It could have used some freshly grated cheese on top (but that's just me - i'm a sucker for cheese). In the salad was almond slivers, cranberries and dried apricots. Yum!I thought the service was very, very good. My co-worker was asked if she wanted water. That was an added touch, since she was sitting there keeping me company without any drink in-hand. On a negative note: I was not given a receipt. I watched as the girl who rang me up crumbled up my slip of paper and tossed it. I would have atleast liked to have been asked if I wanted it. But, I figure that's just an inexperienced employee and should not reflect on how cool this place really is. (I'm guessing my generous side of chicken was $3.50, too, but I can't confirm that w/o a receipt.)I love FOODBar. I look forward to going back and trying their coffee, their bakery items, perhaps a sammie or another salad. Their menu is so huge, I probably missed a few options when I went. I would have liked to see a cup of fresh fruit on the menu. It's an added touch I like with my lunch. Or maybe I'll go sometime for dinner, since they do serve wine and beer. After a quick bite here, I really wished I would have stepped outside into a different city - one that is ped-friendly and bustling with city life, like Market St in San Francisco or Dupont Circle in DC. Alas, when we left, there was hardly anyone around. In this regard, FOODBar seems to be a hidden gem. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not. C'est la vie.
4	Attended a private party here last night for a friends birthday.This is a great little spot to grab a sandwich and a glass of wine. The location is amazing (right on the waterfront in old town). The staff were extra-friendly and their food was excellent - they put out  a special spread of hummus, dips, veggies, garlic bread, mini-burritos, and chicken for the party.The prices are very reasonable and I expect I'll be here often.
4	I met my business partner here for breakfast the other day. It was his call - I'm glad we went. I liked the multiple seating options a lot - side by side, small 2 person tables, larger tables, and outdoor seating, plus the coffee only side. Great layout and ambiance. Good place for an upscale type get together such as a business meeting or date.I ordered the bagel and lox. Next time I will ask for the bagel to be toasted, but it was OK. I'm a bagel snob though, so don't take that too badly. The lox was great, and there was plenty of it.  Maybe too much for some people. It was very fresh and tasty, and the capers were a nice touch. It came with a generous bowl of fruit - a few kinds of melon, some strawberry, etc. Very fresh! As was the strong get-your-own-refill hot coffee. I'll be back!
4	This place seemed like it would be in an airport except that the food was actually good here.Counter service, great selection of salads, sandwiches,soup and breakfast items along with daily specials.The staff was very friendly and helpful explaining every item I asked about and even gave us samples to taste.You can see salads and other stuff on display in the cold case, but they actually make your salad to order.I got the Cobb (see pics) with Dijon Vinaigrette. It was really really good! I LOVED that dressing and everything was crisp cold and fresh.I also ordered a small size of the White bean soup (see pics) As you can see it was HUGE, I ended up taking it home and had it for dinner.There is a draw back to this place though.......seating sucks!Only a few small tables and some counter seating. I would suggest coming here solo or only with 1 person, Unless you sit outside, they do have a large patio with alot of tables!! WTH....This is AZ the main dining area should be inside!Aside from that I thought the food was great and I would definitely eat here again.
4	FOODBAR is remodeling. They've listened to everyone's complaints about the confusing interior/seating and are redesigning. If you're planning on stopping by, give them a call to find out when they will be closing and when they plan on reopening. They will still be serving coffee and breakfast items from their outdoor coffee counter.
