4	I felt like a python when leaving. I may not need to eat for another 3 months.We got the suggested sharing menu for two and it was a shit ton of food. The appetizers were so so. Great naan. They really showed their true colors in the entrees & sauces therein.Nicely spiced but not clobbering you over the head with the spice. very nuanced.If we didn't have a personal recommendation from our inn keeper, we would have walked right by.
3	Good food, good service. Try ordering one of the sharing menus ("CC" was great). More than enough for two people, and provably more than enough for three. Nothing spectacular, but pretty solid. The house wine is ok.
4	I am writing this review 4 hours after I ate here and I am still ridiculously full. Despite what I see as having an unfortunate name, this place is a pretty solid lunch choice. They use the perfect amount of spice and their sag paneer is completely kick ass. The naan bread was perfection and the service was great. Cheap beer too which is a winner in my book.
2	I've been to Mysore quite a few times now, because of convenience of location mainly and I think I'm done with it.A shame because the food is very nice but the service is so terrible that I can't bring myself to go anymore. They get orders wrong, can't understand what you are saying in either french or english (point at menu works) don't come round and ask if you need more drinks, never crack a smile and then as with last night couldn't split the bill so we had to go up one by one to sort it (even then he missed off a drink i ordered which i corrected him on, maybe i should have taken the freebie).This is consistent after multiple visits over a number of years.I will order delivery from here though on occasion as like I said food is decent. Their Pathia and their Naan breads are excellent.For sit in I'lll stick to lumiere on st.laurent for their uk style jalferazi, le taj, bombay mahal and on the odd occasion the bombay on st.denis.
3	We happened into Mysore in a rainstorm, hungry with legs tired from walking all day--weekend visitors to Montreal. The atmosphere inside was inviting, candles on the tables, nice lighting and decor, friendly waitstaff. We are vegetarians, and ordered our favorites that we usually have in Indian restaurants: dal, saag paneer, mushroom curry, pakoras and naan. The food was good--My favorites were the daal  and the naan. My husband liked the saag more than I did--it was a bit too buttery tasting for my liking, but that's just individual taste. Overall, it was a very pleasant ending to a busy and fun day.
4	Good food and great, attentive staff. You can't go wrong with the generous and delicious portions.
3	It's very hard to find great Indian food in Montreal.  I've tried few others, and so far this is my favorite.  We were seated upstairs which has a nice atmosphere on a busy Friday night.  If you want a quiet private dinner I highly recommend sitting upstairs.  We tried a large assortment of dishes.  All well prepared and nice portions. The only issue I have with most Asian food in Montreal is that it's too sweet.  Even the spicy dishes tend to have an underlining sweetness of maple syrup or sorts.
3	Great quality Indian in plateau at affordable prices! Been once but definitely plan to return. Good friendly staff and great quality food.
