4	Santangeli is pretty much the perfect corner shop - it's not such a big place, but it's deceptively capacious. They've got something of everything - not necessarily a great choice of each product, but everything they have is good quality. Their specialist areas include organic and vegetarian goods, the deli and the off license. There's always a great range of beers in the fridge, and some offers that rival any Oddbins or Tesco. The deli is also a thing of joy - there's usually a select range of ready made sandwiches in the fridge nearer the door, but take a roll from the baskets to the deli counter at the back and they'll fill it with anything from the deli, for a very reasonable price (depending on the size of roll and the number of fillings.) There's also fresh coffee, tea and soup available from the deli counter. Quality doesn't come particularly cheap, but it's not overpriced at all either - it certainly compares favourably to Peckhams, which has a similar range and style. The staff are always friendly, and many treat every customer as if they are a regular. It would be expensive to do your weekly shopping here, but if you need a few bits and bobs, or something special, it never disappoints.
3	Whenever I'm over in Polwarth, I usually have to pop into Santangeli's for something. It's a great neighbourhood shop and a cut above most other local convenience stores. The clever owner has realised that people want more than just fags, loo roll and super noodles available on their doorstep: they also want hummus, charcuterie and Green & Black's. There's a deli counter which makes up sandwiches and serves fresh coffee too, I don't rate either of these offerings particularly highly, but it's nice that they try; I am normally tempted by this section of the shop when I am horrendously hungover, so perhaps my taste buds are not to be trusted...To sum up Santangeli's it's basically just Margiotta, but for people who live in Polwarth.
3	This is a shop that makes its money out of its location, it would never survive if it was on a high street as it would not be able to compete with the 'big boys' like Tesco's and Sansbury's as its prices are just too expensive. However, if you live in the Polwarth area, there is no big supermarket in short walking distance and so Santangeli are able to attract the local residents. The shop does actually have quite a surprisingly broad range of products in it and will be no doubt of huge convenience to thoise who live in the local area. As Emma correctly says, it is exactly like the Margiotta shops that you find in central Edinburgh, but without the annoying classical music that they play and a greater range of products.
4	I like helping out the local guy, the family I recognize working at the same shop. I get this family run business feeling when I'm in Santangeli's. Why its better than other local guys1. It's got a bit of an organic section 2. Got better quality products than most corner stores3. Good range of beer4. Good baking supplies 5. Can make cheap sandwiches around the back that are quite good!  end.
4	Oh, I love Santangeli's. Mark Santangeli (the owner) worked for Margiotta, so anyone who knows Margiotta's range and customers base will feel right at home here. Santangeli's have pretty much everything an Edinburgh foodie could want from a local shop: Findlater's pies and pates, a great range of herbs and spices, wines, good chocolates - the list goes on. They have a wide range of veggie options - lots of choice of olives, hummous, vine leaves, etc. This is a brilliant little deli, and I'm delighted to have such a well-stocked place as my local corner shop.
5	Yet another place I have lived by for 2 years but only just found out about!! The outside is very un-advertising & to be honest I thought it was some sort of bank until I went up close to it!! their selection is awesome... loads of stuff for vegetarians/vegans which is unusual for most local style shops. They have lovely healthy options, meaning just because I don't have any food in the house I don't have to have supernoodles & crisps for dinner!! slightly pricey but as to be expect from the quality/high brand products they are selling. The staff are always friendly too!
3	My new local deli provider :)Fresh croissants and pain au chocolat in the mornign have made this an instant hit for me sinc emoving to polwarth. The fact the sell schnapple was just a happy bonus!Could do with some more meats on sale but for a local option its great! :)
5	This is a great local shop. They stock a wide range of goods and brands that aren't on offer in your average local. Their cheese selection is especially good, although fruit and veg can be a bit sparse sometimes. It can be a little expensive but you can often find good deals in the reduced to clear section. The noticeboard and services like signing for packages for people who aren't around during the day give the shop a community feel which is refreshing.Worth supporting even if it is a little pricier than the chains.
