5	Rabbits make great pets. They're full of character and do spectacularly goofy convulsive leaps around your house when they're happy. Yes, you can get them neutered/spayed (which is advised, otherwise you you'll have lots and LOTS of leaping bunnies). Plus, you can litter box train them. Like a cat! (Only better, because it's cuter, it hops, and doesn't vomit hairballs in front of dinner guests.)But sadly, most people don't know that, and a lot of people buy them as cute fuzzy gifts, cram them in a little cage, get tired of them ("all it does is sit in that cage!") and then let them go outdoors so they'll be 'free.' Usually the poor domesticated buns end up dead instead. But if they're lucky, someone finds them and takes them to Brambley Hedge Rabbit Rescue, a rabbit-specific shelter where they can get attention, outdoor playtime, love and socialization. If you're looking to adopt a rabbit, please call these guys first. They have lots of rabbits that need a good home. You can also set up a "bunny date" if you'd like to find a companion for a rabbit you've already adopted.
5	Every Saturday morning I head over to Brambly Hedge and spend time helping take care of the bunnies.  BH is an amazing rescue dedicated to the well being of over 100 domestic house rabbits.As Jack said, rabbits make wonderful pets.  They are warm, soft, clever and full of love!  Of course, I have a few favorites, but every bunny here has their own unique character and would love to go home with you!If you are interested in adopting, check out www.bhrabbitrescue.org/ and drop by one of their adoption events.  You'll get to meet a hand-picked group of lovable buns and talk to professionals about any questions you my have.
5	Brambley Hedge has a very clean facility, lots of caring volunteers, and desire to further the education of the public about domestic rabbits. If you are thinking about adopting a house rabbit, check out Brambley Hedge. They have lots of adorable, unique bunnies who need homes. Spend some time learning about how to care for your new pet and ask the rescue volunteers lots of questions before you make a decision.
1	Wouldn't it be just wonderful to know all of these reviews are a complete & accurate description of this place? Well, I've a review to write & this may sting a bit...but it is completely true & honest.Yes, rabbits are wonderful pets & hoping to fill my bunny-void with more bunny-love I turned to Brambley...even drove out from Albuquerque (8-hrs away) After working with the staff for several weeks, completing much paperwork, I was ready to make the trip to meet Rosa-Marie for the first time. She was just 2 or 3 at the time. I brought her back to Albuquerque where she was a welcome addition to our family & a favorite of my daughters. She lived with us for about 5-yrs or so. Around Oct.'13 Rosa escaped from her hutch, through our fence gate which had blown open during high winds. This had never before occurred. She was subsequently hit by a car (my neighbor) who took her into the animal shelter. The animal shelter scanned her for a microchip & saw that she 'belonged' to Brambley Hedge Rabbit Rescue Group in AZ. Brambley phoned me at work & asked me where Rosa was. Of course I was beside myself confused; not only that after 5-yrs they were calling with such a silly question, but that her where-abouts were in question at all. They were very accusatory & rude to the point reluctantly providing me with any information on MY RABBIT of 5-yrs. I was finally able to speak to a manager who informed me on what occurred. I contacted the animal shelter & indicated i would be there immediately but upon arriving with my daughter was told they were stuck in the middle & could not give me back my injured rabbit. The director of animal services called Brambley & we discussed the matter via speakerphone. The words out of the mouth of Brambley was that they would hire an attorney & sue if Rosa left the facility. Nevermind she was lying in pain waiting with a mangled broken back leg & that I was ready to spend whatever it cost to get her well, nevermind my daughter sat there crying because this insane volunteer kept repeating that it was our fault Rosa was hurt...Nevermind she had been in our care in a superb environment with inside/outside home access for the past 5 YEARS. What it came down to was transfer of ownership and Brambley never made me the rightful owner, despite paying over $100 to 'adopt' her, the intention was to never do so. They still owned Rosa. They leased me a pet rabbit. Whoever heard of such a thing?! They decided she was not being properly cared for (despite this one-time freak accident). They decided they would come get her. I could not give the go-ahead for her necessary leg amputation. She lay waiting for days for this fanatical group to get their S*** in order and ultimately she ended up passing away during her surgery. The director of the animal shelter in Alb indicated her age had more to do with her passing but that laying around waiting did not help. He(director) also disclosed to me that this is not the first time such illogical, erratic, ignorant rescue group actions have benefitted noone. *****If you decide to "Adopt" from this crazy outfit, check that chip & make sure the animal is yours....you just may have a leased pet on your hands & they may decide to come get it after as many years, after you have grown attached to your new family member....Tragic for a 7-yr old & myself..Shame on you Brambley~ for letting down an innocent rabbit who lay suffering waiting for someone to help her.
5	Clearly the woman Denise who left a negative review never read her adoption form which stipulates BH has the right to remove the adopted rabbit at any time if they deem necessary - in cases of abuse and neglect. Apparently Denise thinks it's appropriate to leave her domestic rabbit outdoors and in a hutch away from the family. I have adopted from BH numerous times over the past 4 years without issue. They don't sugar coat things if you are wanting a rabbit that doesn't suit your lifestyle. They have the rabbits interest at heart always and are a reliable & consistent source of information. If you are considering adopting a rabbit please contact BH rabbit rescue so the experts can educate you and help you make the best decision for both you and the rabbit.
