5	I am a huge, huge, huge fan of Wildcraft, and am surprised it's not on Yelp already!Found it a few years ago while looking for fine dining options in Waterloo - Wildcraft is one of the Charcoal Group restaurants, and the only I've been to. It easily is one of my favorite restaurants period.The dining room is quite stunning and sharp, the servers friendly and helpful. But what really shines about Wildcraft is the food. First off, they bring you a basket of various types of bread they make in house, such as walnut bread, plus a tasty dipping sauce of olive oil, red pepper (or tomato?) sauce and pesto. Other things I've had and loved:-For a few years they had a roasted tomato soup with asiago crouton - it's off the menu now, but if they have it as a special, GET IT!-Flatbread pizzas are insanely tasty, we've tried the mediterranean chicken and wild mushroom ones. They're also awesome about dietary issues - I can't eat basil without getting sick, and they made a sauce just for me without it. They accomodated my husband's vegan needs as well (no cheese on the flatbread)-Specials kick ass - once I had a turkey sandwich with cranberry, frisee, and some other goodness. SO GOOD. Seriously, go try Wildcraft NOW.
5	Local food sources (a few non-sustainable options noted on the menu), excellent offerings with well-made martinis and knowledgeable wine-pairing recommendations. A delightful and very romantic 4th wedding anniversary -- the complimentary glasses of bubbly were a nice touch. The scallop saltimboca (prosciutto wrapped sea scallops, lemon white wine cream and fried sage leaves) was sublime; the roasted rack of Ontario Lamb with sundried tomato tapenade crust, caper oregano jus, charred vegetables and roasted shallot smashed potato was tender, succulent, and richly savory. The service was personable, friendly, well-informed and enthusiastic about the restaurant food and philosophy. Well worth a repeat visit!
2	When this place opened, it was awesome.  It has been around for a couple of years, and I wanted to write a review to share that my past two experiences have been borderline awful.  I could eat the food, but it has certainly lost somethingSuggested my kids take my better half for Mother's Day lunch, and got a text an hour later mocking me for the recommendation.Hopefully they get it back, but be forewarned.Nice patio for cocktails though!
4	We stopped by this place during a visit to family in August. We were very impressed with the decor, service, and food! I would compare this place to The Keg although the menu was a little less `steakhousey`. I wish someone would build one of these in Edmonton!
3	This place was good.  The menu was varied and eclectic: asian stir-fry with kimchi, mushroom pasta with a cream sauce, chicken tacos appetizers, bouillabaisse, fancy salads, flat breads, etc. Maybe it meant something for everyone, but it was bit confusing trying to decide between such varied options. I went with the stir-fry with shrimp, not too risky but I love me some good kimchi! The stir fry was good, with vegetables I would expect, but the sauce tasted a little bland/bottled and the add-on shrimp was only three on a skewer.The atmosphere was cool, spacious, modern, with plenty of booths and lots of room for bigger parties. The serve knew here stuff and managed the ten of us ladies pretty well. Best part of the meal: cheesecake lollipops incuding one order on the house!All in all, it was a good place for a night out with a group, but not a place to go for amazing food.
1	Mediocre. uninspired and wildly overpriced. Longing for the days of the Ponderosa, arguably the worst restaurant chain in Canada? Pine no longer. Wildcraft manages to duplicate the tasteless food and add to the experience with over-the-top tacky decor. Sadly the night we dined at Wildcraft the restaurant was packed. Kitchener-Waterloo remains a culinary backwater where restaurant patrons have standards low enough to allow this sort of establishment to prey on them at will. On a positive note: The free bread basket with pesto dipping sauce was the highlight of the meal.
3	The environment was great and the decor was well done (expected as it is a Charcoal Group restaurant). The food was delicious but the menu was a bit standardized like the other western restaurants. For what it's worth, it's still one of my favorite restaurants in Waterloo!Update: been there again, but I don't know what it is, but Wildcraft has lost it's magic on me. Maybe I've been to Uptown 21 too many times but Wildcraft's serving is small and doesn't taste exceptional anymore.
4	I'm a UofW student, and I've been here on two occasions. The first was on a date, the second with my parents.On both occasions the food was delightful, the wine list extensive and of high quality, and the server perfectly likable and helpful. Of particular mention are the scallops, tuna and double-baked white chocolate cheesecake. Overall the menu is quite varied and suits a variety of tastes, which makes it a great place for any occasion!My only "complaint" is the noise level. The restaurant gets energetic in the evening, and it seems to echo around a fair amount. This is completely fine if you're with a group of people anyways, but not necessarily ideal if you're looking to converse with an individual or two.Overall a great establishment with a fine ambiance, above standard food, and good service.
2	I don't get the hype about this place. The first time I came here was about a year ago. We (me and 2 other girls) were seated in the bar area, and I remember it being really upscale with great service, good cocktails and delicious flatbread (I had ordered the one with smoked salmon, but coming back this time, I was disappointed to see that it was no longer offered on the menu).I came here again yesterday on a date with my boyfriend. This time we were seated in the dining area ... right in the middle. We were literally surrounded by other tables which took away that "intimate, romantic" feel that we expected from Wildcraft. I mean, Wildcraft has a huge dining area (a main floor, a bar/lounge area, and a basement) so I don't get why they have to cram so many dining tables in the area. We  went on a Friday at 7:30PM and the main floor alone wasn't even 75% full.The food was alright. The price is in the $20 to $35 dollar range for an entree. Of course, you can always opt for a flatbread which costs around $15 and is pretty filling/delicious. We ordered:1. Something with goat cheese, mushrooms and sundried tomatoes (Appetizer) - this was recommended to us by our waiter. It reminded us how good goat cheese can be. Yum!2. Atlantic Salmon (entree) - side of roasted potato was delicious. I substituted the brussel sprouts with asparagus which was done nicely. The salmon started off delicious since I kept dipping it in the chili yogurt and butternut squash puree, but I quickly ran out of that and I was eating dry salmon for the second half of the meal. 3. 7oz steak wrapped in bacon (forgot the name) - I tried my boyfriend's steak and also found it to dry, but he said it was good, so to each their own!Other notes: the service was great, the waiter was attentive to clear our dishes, fill up our water glasses and bring us the dessert menu.Overall, Wildcraft is a place that I would go to satisfy someone's superficial need for a trendy and upscale environment, but otherwise I would object and happily suggest another place with better food and cheaper prices.
2	Came here to celebrate my father's birthday. Wildcraft has a reputation for being one of the "nice places" to go to in Waterloo for such occasions. The food was decent, but not exceptional. On par with something like a Moxies or a Milestones, but it wasn't that much of a "nice place". Nothing made me go "wow" except for the bill. The complimentary birthday desert was good though!I remember feeling like I paid too much and left myself a note to write a "two-star" review for that reason. Sorry Wildcraft.
3	Not terrible, but inconsistent. Burger, okay. Fries, not fresh- room temp. Beer selection just okay and prices a bit high. But the service was good and the decor is nice. I'd go back.
4	I'm a fan (Yay!), I enjoy dining here when I'm in Waterloo.  The restaurant can be a little loud during peak times, my food has always been good.
4	Good atmosphere inside. The food is great too - they offer a wide selection on their dinner menu. A little bit pricey for a student, but was definitely worth it.
2	While the food isn't bad; it's just not worth the price. It calls to mind an Olive Garden or Red Lobster with a few more bells and whistles. 5 stars for great service.
2	The anticipation of an amazing meal, was followed by disappointment after last nights experience.  This restaurant was chosen by the staff for our work Christmas dinner as we've come here before and enjoyed the food and ambiance.   The food at best was mediocre. I got the Asian beef salad for my starter and the beef although well cooked was very cold. The rest of the salad was very bland with unappetizing chunks if avocado thrown in.My main was a little better, ( mushroom fusilli with chicken) but as the other reviews have mentioned, it could have passed for a meal at Kelsey's or Montana's. Definitely not worth the money. I did appreciate how attentive the servers were but there could have been a host at the entrance to see us out and thank us for our business.
5	I came for dinner and ordered the roasted duck. It was cooked to perfection  - medium rare with a delicious red wine sauce and home made gnocchi. Loved it! The deep fried cheesecake is to die for! You must order this at every visit to Wildcraft if you are a cheesecake lover, or lover of deep friend things. I also received a glass of complementary champagne because it was my birthday. Free drinks, yay!
5	I visited here for a goodbye dinner after a week visiting Canadian family in the area.  We were greeted warmly and seated promptly by a hostess.  Drink orders were taken immediately and I ordered the steak frites. My family placed their orders, including a two year old choosing to eat flatbread pizza. The food arrived in a decent time, and my steak was exceptional.  All my companions were pleased with their selections and my son even finished the pizza.  Our server was attentive without being annoying and the final bill was reasonable.  Overall, highly recommended.  One of the best moderately priced dining experiences I've had in a few years.
4	I love the service here and it's hard to find a good consistent restaurant for a group during a work trip. I've made reservations here twice for a group of about 7-8 people. It's nice that they accomodate for whatever you want and they have this amazing mushroom salad. It satisfies my team members who crave a crafty steak while giving me my satisfaction of a mix of some steak items with that healthy fix of mushroom salad. It's just mixed greens with enoki and exotic mushrooms and I ask them to substitute the creamy dijon dressing with balsamic vinegar. I also love their dessert - the coconut gelato with fresh cut seasonal fruit. (papaya, mango, grapefruit, oranges)
4	Really high end and expensive restaurant. I went here for my friends birthday and the bill for one person can be up to 40 dollars. The food is amazing but obviously not for your average university student.
4	The tomato soup (soup of the day) is not good at all, it feels like they put as much black pepper as they could to hide the flavor :( sad
5	Very good spot for a business lunch or nice dinner. The food is consistently good, with some great menu items. There are options for all food sensitivities so great for a team lunch. Highly recommend the steak frites. Not the best food in town but very good. Excellent atmosphere and decor. In my opinion it is the best option in the Charcoal Group.
4	This is a great restaurant - probably one of the best in Waterloo (which admittedly, is lacking in good restaurants).  Only ever only had the steaks which have always been great.  They no longer bring bread to the table, but will if you ask.  Not sure why others have had such a problem with it.
4	Right off the bat, I have to say the best thing about this restaurant is its service. We had such a friendly waiter and he did a great job checking with the kitchen about my allergies.The food was excellent too. I had the pork tenderloin special with mushroom barley (walnuts were omitted for me because of my allergies), celeriac puree, and zucchini ribbons and was really impressed. We loved both desserts we had as well - an Oreo cheesecake lollipop and the triple chocolate mousse cake.
4	Took my girlfriend for dinner to wildcraft for her birthday. Very nice place, beautiful inside. We sat by the fireplace in the dining room. Appetizers were excellent. Mushroom soup was excellent (no cream or butter) similar to O&B in Toronto. Scallop appetizer was delicious, perfectly cooked, and presented beautifully. Mains were good. I had duck with mushrooms and home made potato gnocchi. Absolutely delicious but small-ish portion. Girlfriend had the goat cheese stuffed chicken with mashed potato. She really enjoyed it. Service was excellent from refilling wine to bringing chocolate cake with a birthday candle for dessert. Thank you wildcraft for making the night special.
3	Actually 3-1/2 stars! I'm iPad challenged on Yelp and can't figure out how to give the half-star.May 12/14: kids and I took my wife out for Mother's day Brunch. Decent atmosphere, great, attentive and engaged wait staff. Food was better than average, and for me, full value... I don't consider $100 expensive to feed 5 adults to be pricey when the food delivers!Well done Wildcraft, probably back next year as its right across the street from where I live!Finally, they did an excellent job making me feel welcome despite the walker and my slowness of movement. Something missing from many places I eat at, once!
4	Here's what a perfect restaurant looks like. Perfect for date nights, bar with friend and dinner with family. Perfect culinary chefs, friendly waiters and the environment is just mwah! ()
1	I have given this place so many chances and I am always left feeling foolish. Yesterday was the breaking point. I ordered the Duck breast, my mother ordered a flat bread. My plate was extremely hot, obviously due to it sitting under heat lamp (obvious because the jus that was to accompany the Duck was crusted to the plate), meanwhile, the flatbread was cold - room temperature at best. I can understand this possibly happening if the restaurant is slammed or understaffed but that was not the case. There were 4 tables in the entire place, and enough staff on to have a guest each. The service was not bad, it was intact the only saving grace. The Charcoal Group has created this collection of mediocre restaurants that have set the dining standard at an all time low in the tri-cities. Somewhere along the way somebody decided that they were the bench mark for other restaurants, and I now blame them entirely for the terribly mundane food that this town has to offer.
