4	You get a lot at LeGym for what you pay. During the Summer, Fall, and Winter semesters -Concordia students pay $60Staff, Faculty, Alumni pay $120Public pays $150Depending on when you buy your membership (ie. at the start of the semester or the middle), the price gets adjusted according to whatever remains of the semester.The trainers are friendly, fun, and very knowledgeable. They charge $25/hour, and if you have exceeded 30 training sessions, then it becomes $20/hour. The space is not the largest, but good enough, providing all the weight training and cardio equipment you may need. To be exact, 10,000 square feet of training space, with 75 up-to-date cardio machines, and 75 strength stations. It is not constantly jam-packed, but does have its peak hours. They also provide a towel service, and have made the vicinity wheelchair accessible. The gym is in the perfect location for those who live and/or work downtown, study and/or teach at Concordia, and use the Guy-Concordia metro often. It is also in the ideal location to find a quick bite before or after your workout.There are a variety of classes offered too, ranging from yoga to pilates, martial arts to kick-boxing, and many, many others. They last for about a month and a half at a time, and incur a separate charge. To me, this is one of LeGym's downfalls, as I wish it provided full access to classes, as well as the gym's facilities. Despite this, however, you still get great quality for what you're paying. I'm a regular and I love it here.
4	Please see Rawan's review for pricing. My most recent stay in Montreal brought me there for 1.5 weeks so I decided to come to LeGym during the mornings. I am glad I did as not only was it very cheap but they had ample space and equipment for everyone to use.The employees are super friendly and may sometimes randomly help you to improve a move that you are doing or if you have questions are there to help.They seem to have all of the popular cardio machines, a ton of free weights and everything in between to get the best workout you can. Boy, do I miss it here!!
2	Great rates, the bad part they did not think about is Parking, its the worst place to find parking, something they should have thought about before! I am a student and wish I could go there if I could get parking!
4	I really wish le gym had existed back when I was a Concordia student!  Alas that building wasn't even built when I started my degree, and when I finished Le Gym was but a big empty space waiting to come to life.In the years since graduation I found myself working very close by, so I've taken a few classes here and there since Le Gym is open to everyone, not just students and staff.  They are very affordable, and fit in well with my schedule, since I could go before or after work.  The change rooms are spacious, the showers private (and plentiful).  You need to bring your own hairdryer, but there are lots of counters with mirrors and electrical outlets, so you're all set if you need to get presentable before moving on from your workout.My only beef with Le Gym is that you need to show up in person to sign up for classes.  At the beginning of the semester the lineups can get quite long, and its not uncommon for different classes to fill up while you are waiting.  It would be very convenient to be able to sign up online, but if this is one of the ways that Le Gym keeps costs low, then it's a minor annoyance once a semester.
4	Only thing lacking here? A swimming pool! Then it would be the most perfect gym here downtown! And that's a lot saying for a girl who hates gyms :P
