4	The Outhouse is just off Edinburgh's increasingly trendier Broughton Street. Down a little side alley, if you know where to look, is this wee bar, which pulls in a consistent crowd of local regulars, plus artsy individuals of a trendy nature. The premises are small, but it works , because it gives the bar a really good feeling of local community banter and welcoming chat. The vibe here is chilled out and laidback, and no one is really in a hurry to bar hop once they arrive here, with most people seeming to stay for more than the one drink. As well as feeling relaxed, The Outhouse looks it, meant in the best way possible. There are no frills or super trendy style additions to the bar, but it doesn't really need them in all honesty, it looks and functions just fine the way it is. The last time I was in here was for a BBQ in the fairly sizeable outdoor section, which by the way, makes it an advantage to know about this place if you're on the hunt for outside drinking facilities on a day of glorious weather.
4	"Turn right down the alley, and keep walking. You'll think you're just walking deeper and deeper into a dodgy alley, but keep going and you'll get there!" That was how I was introduced to Outhouse. In fairness, it's not that far down the alley, and it's not dodgy. But because of it's out-of-the-way-ness, only locals and those in-the-know would find it. I came here for a spot of Friday night, end-of-the-working-week drinks and it was really quite ace. It's got a rockish feel to it, a far cry from the trendy cocktail bars on George St. Somewhere for a pint or vodka tonic, although there were cocktails on the menu (of which the caipirinha was amazing!) but they certainly don't come with umbrellas.The bar staff were all friendly, it's a really nice crowd, and there's a big beer garden (which makes up for the relatively small size inside) which in summer is going to be hella popular I imagine.Good tunes, good atmosphere, good banter, good drinks. Me likey!
4	This place is so much more than it appears at first glance.I remember coming here once, a few years ago, as it was sunny and it has a nice outside bit.  I seem to recall finding it a bit "meh" and nothing to write home about.I don't know if the bar has changed or just me, but "meh" is definitely not how I would describe it now.  First of all, the staff are incredibly lovely.  And the manager, man is he all about the business and the quality of what they serve.  He was chatting with a few of us about some of the beers they have on tap (Innes and Gunn, and a Glasgow beer whose name escapes me, but is brewed in the same fashion as German beer); he was very proud to tell us that The Outhouse was one of if not the first pub in Scotland to feature these beers on tap.  So, so far we have some seriously good beers, great staff, and from what I heard, top notch cocktails.  Add that to a beer garden with a BBQ, and it turns out that this place is a great little hidden gem which I am keen to get to know better.
4	Hard to find Innis & Gunn on tap, enough said. Lovely!Quality trendy establishment with a great sized courtyard out the back.
4	I like this bar. I like it alot.It is the sort of place that ain't trying too hard, nobody ever seems to have heard of it, they have a good selection of beer, the staff are nice and friendly. We went here after a drink at treacle and I gotta say, why didn't we go earlier, it is by far the better choice out of the two. The prices also seemed fairly reasonable, there is a good amount of seating, some bizzare-o foreign horror movie on in the background, a dj playing a wide variety of tunes and people dancing like they didn't care. It was good, I felt immediately comfortable and I hate to say it, kinda cool when I went here. I may have to make it a regular haunt.
3	Came in here for a few drinks and well I didnt hate it.What is it about rock cafes that means they dont seem to do cleaning the place, it was a bit smelly, sticky tables/floors, kind of just 'grungy'. I know I sound old and well I am getting old, I love the music in here but just smarten yourself up a little.Make it sharp, upclass a little and it could work for me!
3	The layout of the outhouse irks me. you might say it's quirky, I say the bar takes up half the bloody room, is difficult to get served at, and gets in the way of getting in and out of the room. Upstairs is terribly lit. not quite light enough to keep you awake, but too gloomy to be romantic. Also the bar is overpriced. I know drinks keep getting more expensive and I'm sure the outhouse wants to price out the less classy clientel that frequent that part of town.That said I find myself enjoying the damn place. Apparently there's a beer garden but i've never been here in the summer.
3	Cool place, great to see Blue Moon on Tap. Wonderful BBQ's in the summer!
4	If I was to describe the Outhouse bar in one word it would be 'alternative'. Existing in a dodgy alleyway (looks like the kind of street you'd see drug deals) in the New Town, this hip, indie bar doesn't look too pretty at first sight but once you enter it's a whole different story. Summer barbecues makes you feel like you're in your own back garden.  Blue Moon on tap, a huge beer garden with wacky artwork on the walls (a bonus in the summer) and a cosy music lounge upstairs , Outhouse Bar is an inviting  place for an after-work drink, pre-drinks or a full evening of drinking. Virtually empty during the days, it becomes alive and kicking at night full to the brim with yuppies, hipsters and students. Local artists display their work on the walls which you can purchase. In winter the beer garden is equipped with heaters and a large tent giving it an all-year round presence outside. Drinks are over-priced but this is common around the New Town. From my experience, the staff are the friendliest I have come across in Edinburgh, and they know their whiskey.  Music is funky house, hip hop to all styles of rock. You won't hear Justin Bieber or One Direction here. Chill here with a newspaper after work or a bunch of mates upstairs on a Friday night for your party.Yay! I'm a fan.
