5	After a fantastic dinner with friends, we all decided that we wanted a couple of nightcaps. After roaming down St. Paul for a few blocks, we found this little jazz spot, which turned out to be rather serendipitous.The cover (on the two nights we went there, because if you find a cool little spot like this you have to go back a second time!) was extremely affordable - $7 the first time and $8 the second time. Most anywhere else in the US would have had a minimum cover of $20 for that level of talent.The stage is by the front window, consisting of a piano (go figure!) and whatever instruments the bands want to bring in. If you're facing from the stage, there's an L-shaped bar in front of you, and a series of couches and box? chairs off to the right extending to the back of the room. And that, I must say is my only real complaint - the layout. It's not quite as intimate as one would like considering the atmosphere they're going for, and there isn't enough seats that have a view of the stage. But if you're happy just taking over a couple of back tables with friends and enjoying the music, it's perfect.They have a fufu cocktail menu, all themed after, well, music. While I didn't have any of the on-menu cocktails (went for manhattans and gin martinis instead), my friends who did order off the menu were not disappointed.As for the main attraction - the music - both nights we were not disappointed. The bands were amazingly talented, performing either jazz or jazzified covers (if I can coin a phrase). The second night we were there, there was a guest singer who belted out At Last so well Etta James may have risen from the grave to give her a round of applause.We were there on off-nights (Wednesday & Thursday), so it was steady but not overly busy. I can see this place getting packed on Fridays.If you're looking for a spot to unwind after a great dinner in Vieux Montreal, this is the spot to hit up!
2	Maybe it was just because it was a Wednesday night and I was tired, but I went to see Jose James with a couple friends at Le Piano Rouge.Disclaimer: I am not a huge fan of jazz and didn't know who Jose James was before the night.This was my first time here and it is a small quaint place.  I find the setup to be very interesting for live music, because half the place can't see the stage.  If you just want to go there and listen then I guess that's okay, but still.  They also charged me for three drinks when I only had two, but I didn't bring it up because I didn't have the energy, so that would really be my fault.As for the night I went, we went to the early show, which started later than it was supposed to and cost 30 bucks at the door.  I guess I really don't like jazz, because I didn't enjoy myself listening through the hour and a half set.  There was a later show that night, but after stating you could stay they kicked everyone out who was at the early show for people from the later show.  I wasn't planning on staying anyways, but it still was weird they did that for people who enjoyed the show.I will have to try the place on a normal night to fully appreciate it I guess, but this review was based on my experience that one night.
3	After a great  dinner at Auberge, headed over to hear a little jazz. The place was packed, but from the outside the vocalist sounded good. After squeezing through about 150 people we sat down  and ordered a drink.  The woman singing now sounded like a karaoke singer. The place was fun but talent average.
3	the Entrance was ten dollars , you are then welcomed to a packed house of Ladies and gents twisting and grinding to the fabulous tunes of the 9 piece band!I was gushing at the amount of well made sound coming from perfect goups of people playing instruments.The Horn player steps up and makes his trumpet sound & sweet savoury I had trouble grooving cause my jaw was busy being dropped!Ten minutes later the show was over and my beer was dried.
2	Bleh. Overcrowded, poor service and weird crowd. After paying a 10$ cover (when many other places had free live bands), the bartender told me they were out of Tanqueray ... I was staring at the bottle of it and had to direct him in his own bar. Then, we sat at a nice little table and watched a 50+ yr old couple eating face and putting hands and body parts in places that made me gag a little. We left quite quickly. The bar itself is very nice. The layout is not conducive to the amount of furniture they had. Either make it a sitting lounge or a mostly standing one - for that size, you can't have both. It crowded everyone standing (that couldn't find a seat) right in front of the only walkway and bar. Sure wouldn't wanna' be there in a fire.Oh, and I love loud music, but this place was nauseating. Awful sound control and ear-splitting popping.I would give it one more chance only if there was no cover. It was no better than a get-drunk-quick-to-enjoy-yourself college club. It just acts like it's more.
5	my wife and I went here on a Thursday night and saw melina soochan.  The atmosphere was pretty awesome, the live music was amazing and the drinks were good.  since it was a Thursday night, the parking was actually not bad, the bartender was really nice, and the prices were ok.  I'd go back when visit montreal again
4	We walked in here randomly while visiting Old Montreal because we heard music as we were walking nearby. We went on a weekday, so we didn't have to deal with cover and there weren't that many people present at around 9pm. We are Americans; so I got to use my token French phrase: "parlez vous anglais?" on the bartender as she greeted us in a slew of French. She was real sweet and responded in English "yes, I speak English." Drinks were a little pricey. We also ordered spinach dip and chips, which was very obviously out of a jar, (or maybe it was just that well made, I'll never know), which was a very generous portion for only $6. The piano player performed real well. She sang a mix of french and english songs. I couldn't understand her when she was trying to engage the audience since I don't speak French, but this is definitely a decent place to go for a little live music. We were only in Montreal for 1 night and I don't regret chilling here for an hour or 2 that night.
3	Went here on a Saturday night around 11 pm. The band was quite nice but there was a 10$ cover and the drinks were awful..
4	I stumbled on this place just walking around Montreal looking for something to do during some down time. What a cute little find. I didn't like that there was a $10 cover but in the end it was worth it. It's a small little lounge with low tables and a few bar seats.  I would say this place had maybe room for 40 people seated. The musician for the night was Shaharah with her band. She was playing R&B and soul music. I have to say I sooo enjoyed music. Shaharah was very engaging to the audience and did such a variety of soul and R&B music from the 70/80/90 with a bit if hip hop and Reggae thrown in for good measure.  I was in live music heaven. The service left some to be desired but the drinks were decent but a bit pricey (12 bucks for a captain and coke). I really enjoyed myself and would visit again if I make it back to Montreal.
