4	Breaking away from my usual poetic direction.OMG this is really "forget you" good! That sauerkraut on the chicago polish really hits the spot. Cheap & arousing.Close to the strip so if you're a tourist drop by.
4	Anthony "Sha-Pow! Man" T is the expert on sausages (no homo) and will write a better review describing the food better then I can so we're gonna have to wait for that. I'm a bit uncomfortable around hot dogs after that one time at CSN where i was eating a hot dog and this Ethiopian guy across the room kept looking at me, smiling, and nodding as i was trying to eat my lunch...Anyway Hot Dogs here are REALLY good. They dont have that crunch like Pink's @ Planet Hollywood but are plump and meaty (no homo). The super neon green relish is quite refreshing as well. Buns are fluffy and light enough that they dont get in the way of the meat (no homo).Very comfortable interior with pleasant German music playing as well as an older gentlemen with a variety of instruments to set the mood. Definite mom and pop feel.Overall i would love to come back here and check out the cafe/diner/eater/table and chair where people bring you food next door for some other imported delights.
4	I came here for my first UYE thanks to Ken M for putting it all together! It was nice meeting new people and also seeing familiar faces. This is a small quaint restaurant. When you step inside it doesn't even feel like you are in Vegas. The waitresses dress their part in St. Pauli Girl like outfits. There was even an accordion player playing during our meal! I tried to replicate a hot dog I had at Pink's Hot dogs in LA years ago. It was called the Martha Stewart they probably don't make it anymore because this was way before she went to jail. My hot dog had sour cream, sour Kraut, and tomatoes. It sounds weird but it was pretty tasty! I also ordered a side of German Potato Salad which went well with the dog. German Potato salad isn't made with any mayonnaise so if you enjoy a Potato Salad with a creamy texture this wouldn't be for you. My husband also had the Chili Dog it was gone so quick I'm sure he liked it!
5	After a recent related talk thread and some very enthusiastic "Must do" comments, I figured that I should check this place out.  Besides, I was overdue to broaden my horizons as it were to check out new eateries.The outside doesn't give a clue of what to expect.  Located in a tiny strip mall with most of the businesses closed around it, I hoped that the place was still open.  When I opened the door, I was swept away to a surprising sight.The inside is cute.  It's nicely done, very German looking, in that Disneyland "Fantasyland" sort of way.  I don't know what I expected, but I wasn't expecting amazing.  At this point, if oompah bands and dancing marionettes sprung out of somewhere, I would have thought that I had died and gone to Heaven.  A Heaven that specializes in hot dogs.  Regardless, the charming decor won me over, and I sauntered up to the bar.The guy behind the counter (Adam) was class.  Real nice guy, helped a first-timer like me navigate the menu, and I ended up with a super tasty chili-cheese dog, which I destroyed in a manner of minutes.  Fine, I'll admit it: I understand the adoration now.  My visit was quiet, save for an elderly couple.  I guess this place qualifies as a "hidden gem".So between the great customer service, the reasonable prices, the charming decor, and the EXCELLENT hot dog, I've found a new spot to haunt.Definitely worth the visit.
5	All the other reviews were spot on about this place.  Excellent service, fairly quick.  Their chili on the chili cheese dog was amazing and the wife was very fond of the Hollywood dog.  Relatively inexpensive as well which is nice, and the wait staff was very friendly as well.  Highly recommended.
4	All beef hot dogs - yes. Chili dog with good chili - yes Hollywood dog with cheese sauce and jalapenos - yesChicago Dog that went to the guy next to us looked good too. The fries were crispy and perfectly salted, no need to add extra salt. If you blink you will miss this. It's in a strip mall and you will see the sign for Cafe Heidleberg that is the restaurant it is a part of. The Hot Dog Haus is a bar and pretty tight, so not good for kids. Pretty sure though kids could order the Hot Dogs in the Cafe part. If you are a fan of tubular meat, this is a place for you. Someone make Bourdain come here next time he's running through Las Vegas.
4	4 1/2 stars. I found this on Yelp and decided to check it out. The Hot Dog Haus is connected to the German Cafe Heidelberg I arrived here close to closing and ordered three hot dogs and a St Pauli Girl beer. My choices by favorites were the Polish Dog, Chicago Dog and the chili cheese dog. All the dogs were tasty 100% beef and buns were all yummy too. I really savored the sauerkraut on the polish dog and the light green relish and flavor of the Chicago dog. My waitress was friendly and she didn't rush my off which was great. I struggled to finish all three hot dogs but finally succeeded. I was so full I had to go for a walk! I enjoyed Hot Dog Haus and will definitely will be returning!
3	The Skinny: great juicy dogs for $2.99 - the Chicago dog comes complete with the neon green relish, make sure to try the schnitzel minus the bun, skip on the fries (3.5) Service: it's counter service and let's face it, the decor is a little tired (3) Value: the food is pretty good while the prices are reasonable, it's not a bad place to try out(4).Hankering for a good hot dog, we stumbled upon the reviews for Hot Dog Haus. A branch off of Cafe Heidelberg, it's hidden behind a Marie Callender's and can be a little hard to find.We ordered the Chicago dog, the Polish dog and a Euro-schnitzel (veal schnitzel in a kaiser bun) with a side of fries.Hot dog wise, they use the real deal here - Vienna Sausage. The casing's got a nice snap and keeps all the lovely juices inside as you bite in.The Chicago Dog is legit - sporting a poppy seed bun, neon green relish, mustard, fresh tomatoes, onion, pickle and peppers.  Absolutely no ketchup as it ought to be. It was pretty delish.The Polish Dog was loaded with saukeraut and mustard, had a nice flavour to the sausage that was distinctly different from the Vienna Sausage. Saukeraut was the word of the day because it was a little sweeter than your usual variety.French fries were okay while they were hot but got soggy quickly as they cooled down. I probably wouldn't order this again.Curious, we also ordered the standard Euro-schnitzel - a kaiser bun with schnitzel inside ($5.99; $1 extra for the upgrade with mayo, tomato, and lettuce).The schnitzel was absolutely lovely. Crisp, light on the outside, the schnitzel was tender and moist on the inside. The lemon it was served with added just the right amount of acidity. Unfortunately, the Kaiser bun was a different story. Overly dry, its size seemed to overwhelm that wonderful tasty morsel inside. The lack of condiments accentuated the subpar bread. It may be better almost to serve the schnitzel on its own.Given the food, the ambience and the service, I'd probably give this place a good 3.5 stars overall for their great hot dogs and schnitzel. It loses 1.5 stars for the french fries and the bun that schnitzel was served with.
2	I was so excited to eat at this place after reading the reviews and looking at the pictures.  It must have been a really off day for this establishment.Arrived at the general area a little confused.  The parking lot was empty but the sign said open.  We opened the door and ALL the chairs were up on the table (closing time?).  But the sign said closing wasn't until 9/10 at night...it was 3pm.  There was a sign on the counter that said the restaurant next door would take our orders....o...k.....So, we head next door.  Again, there's another but it says dining closed.  (WHAT the hell...??)  Someone came out to greet us and we said we wanted Hot Dog Hause.  The poor man seemed distraught.  Apparently, the girl was cleaning...something, blah blah blah.They let us sit in their restaurant.  We ordered from the Hot Dog Haus menu.  Food came out minutes later.  Hubby didn't get what he ordered which was the Desert Heat instead he got a Nacho and Jalapeno dog.  NO idea what happened.  Whatever, ate it anyway.Food was alright but I've definitely had better dogs and I could've done better myself.  Well...guess that's our future hot dog eating venture...do it yourself.Where to next???
4	Great place to get a good deal for lunch and a German beer. The best deal in this area!
5	Hot dog bliss! My mother and I were trolling around looking for florists for my wedding and we happened to be driving down Sahara when we saw Tiger Lily Florist. We stopped in and inquired about flowers, but when we left I saw the bright yellow sign for "Hot Dog Haus" in the parking lot of Tony Roma's. I was feeling pretty hungry and so was my mom. We looked around and finally saw the bright yellow door of the Hot Dog Haus. It is connected to Cafe Hieldberg.Once you open the door you enter a completely different world. It is not what I expected for a hot dog joint, but it totally fits the whole German attitude thing. My mother and I both ordered a Chicago Dog, got chips and a drink. We awaited our hot dogs at one of the small tables to the right of the bar. The hot dogs were delicious with a crisp snap to them. These are Vienna hot dogs. Top notch here! The bright green relish was a treat and the spicy peppers added a bit of heat. Overall these dogs were delish! I have a feeling I will be back here very soon!
4	Felt like a hot dog after work and stumbled on this place through a yelp search. Came in and I was a bit confused I guess the European restaurant is connected. The place was empty but there were a pair of older gentlemen sitting in the back room talking. This place reminded me of something straight out of the goodfellas movie. I was greeted by an older gentleman with a white apron and asked him what the popular hot dog was. He said Chicago. With combo meals at 4.99. I took a seat at the bar. My hot dog (vienna all beef sausage on a steamed poppy seed bun) came out a few minutes later nice and warm. First bite. It was just what I was craving. The only way a Chicago dog should be made. Mustard, onion , relish, tomatoes, peppers, pickle with dash of celery salt. If it's hot dogs that you crave this is the place to stop by. I'll be back for a quick bite and maybe I'll try the Hollywood: nacho cheese and jalapeno peppers,
