4	Stopped to get some gasoline on the way to work and had a strange hole in my tire?! And another tire was starting to get that nice, shiny, bald look. In need of  cheap tires, I found this place online. They have great customer service! The guy actually looked through his used tires with me on the phone to look for the size I needed! Eureka! They had one.So for $40 I got a really good used tire AND they cleaned all of my other tires. 30 day warranty and the tire looks next-to-new.I would have given them 5 stars but I needed 2 tires and they only had one. Not their fault really, I just wish they had more inventory.We will be back!
2	I got 2 back used tires last month $40/each. Didn't drive my car for 3 weeks. Was on my way to an interview & noticed huge bubble in back passenger tire. Didn't make it there in time that day and weather prevented me from going next 2 days (hurricane). Needed to go out of town so stopped before I got on the highway. They took 1 look and said "that's a really bad tire" I said "you sold it to me 3 weeks ago. I don't have my receipt because I'm on my way out of town but when I return can you honor your warranty for 30 days & refund me?" They agreed (an additional $40). I also asked they check the other tire because I had a bad tire they sold me already. They changed the tire & "checked" the other tire & told me I was safe to travel. I got 2 states away when the back drivers tire fell off. Road side assistance came & took pictures & called a tow truck. They check all 4 tires. They determined the bolts were not screwed on at all, if any on the back 2 tires & both tires didn't seem good quality. I was stranded for 24hrs. Left the next morning after a hotel night ($115) cab ($20), roadside assistance ($50) & 2 tows (&110). Was taken to a certified auto & tire shop, they gave me full report on all my wheels, tires, bolts & I had to purchase 2 new bolts because 2 snapped off when the tire fell off (they cut me a deal...$90). They determined dry rot in the tires from Bingo Tires, 2 back wheels (not tires) damaged (estimated $100/wheel), great condition of car otherwise overall. They did notify me to get rid of the Bingo Tires immediately. When I got back, I missed their office times because of the travel. The next day was my first day of my new job, they were closed so I thought "I'll stop by on my way home because it isn't far." As I was pulling into the parking garage for work, I had a NEW flat, back passenger tire. The tire I JUST replaced before I went out of town! I stopped by the office after work with all receipts & they only would agree to give me 4 brand new tires the next day. I did not feel it was a fair deal because I had to NOW replace my wheels because of the damage BINGO caused for negligence. They refused to take responsibility or blame because they "are BBB approved & never lost a court case". They proceeded to blame my bolts for the incident & refused responsibility. That weekend I had to pay $100 for Discount Tire to put the NEW tires on my car as well pay $500 for new wheels because it was no longer safe for me to drive on the current wheels because of the extensive damage to the back 2 wheels. So kids, $80 added up to about $1200 when all said and done for a pretty arrogant company. If you want to be safe, go to a reputable place. If you need a quick fix until you can afford new tires, this is NOT the place. I give it 2 stars because they did give me 4 new tires but still refused responsibility even after I JUST left their facility TWICE and had issues BOTH times almost immediately after I left.
2	I was not impressed. We went for an oil change because it was close by, but the oil change took 2 hours. The man working inside was nice, but gave us no explanation as to what was taking so long. Will not be returning.
5	Awesome cutomer service!! I discovered Bingo Tires by chance while looking online for a used tire. My first visit was last year to purchase a tire for my SUV. The mechanic was very pleasant and provided me a brand name used tire for a great price. I returned a few months later due to low tire pressure alarm, assuming I needed another tire. The owner was courteous and pointed out to me a huge nail protruding from my tire. Lucky for me they were able to 'plug' the tire and I did not have to purchase another tire. I have re-visited Bingo Tires on a few other occassions to inquire about new tires, oil changes, and basic auto needs. Each visit I was greeted, assisted and provided with excellent customer service.I would definitely recommend Bingo Tires for your tire needs.
1	Bunch of liars just looking for a sale. I called this place when shopping around for used tires and asked the price for 2 used tired for my car and they told me $35 each and they had them in stock. Well I couldn't make it in that day so I called again a couple days later to make sure they still had the tires. They told me yes they had 2 used tired for my car at $35 each.So I went in the next day and they said no they didn't have any used but they had new ones I could buy. I told them I only wanted used and they told me they had some that were a little bigger, I was a little hesitant but he told me they would still work. My car tire size is 190/60 he told me these tires were 195/65. Sold them to me at $49 each. Whatever at this point I needed new tires so bad and didn't know when if be able to go again so I agreed even though they had told me over the phone the tires were $35 each and their website says that as well. I get home and call my dad who has worked in cars his whole life to make sure it was okay they were a little bigger, so I go out and look at the tires. They were 215/65. He had lied to me to get me to buy them. I'm a young girl and he probably thought I didn't know any better and I would never find out. What a schemer!!!
5	I was undecided between buying used tires or new ones. I asked Moe, the owner, to show me the used tires. I didn't esp like the used ones I saw and decided to see about new ones. Moe spend time with me in front of his computer showing me the different options and costs. The prices were good(not as good as used of course) so I decided to buy 4 new tires. At the same time I asked them to look at my brakes. They were honest and forthright and told me(and showed me) that I would need to replace them in the next few months. I went ahead and replaced the front ones anyway. The mechanic did a great job and the owner was personable and helpful. They were not pushy, trying to sell me something I didn't want. They answered my questions. Although this business is not in a prestigious area, it's definitely one of the best! I recommend!
