3	Hertz charged $11 a day, plus fees, for a Toyota Yaris. Nice.Then it charged me $18 for returning the car 15 minutes late. Not nice.Also, if no one is around when you return the car, mark down the time, fuel level and mileage on your car. Turn it off, leave the keys in the car and go upstairs to the Hertz counter. They'll take care of the rest.
3	Disappointed with the check-in process which, upon arrival, the line had only 3 people in front of me.  There were about 10 open computers and only 3 people working.  Even with the three, 20 minutes went by, finally, it was my turn.  Soon afterwards, a large group from another flight arrived and the line quickly grew to over 20 persons (poor bastards)  This is the first time to use Hertz and I found the check-in process to be slow and cumbersome.  Alamo, who i usually use, is much quicker.  They were able to give me a free upgrade though which was very cool.  Someone hit the rental and the process has not been too painful thus far (I'll Keep ya'll posted on final resolution)
5	Hertz Gold Club service worked perfectly for me. My Toyota Corolla, booked over the internet, was in its bay and ready to go.The buses to and from the rental centre were frequent and painless to use.
5	Booked a ragtop for our trip around Arizona, hoping for a Sebring as there were three of us and the Chrysler has slightly more cabin space.Got to the reception line only to be informed by a grumpy customer that Hertz were having problems with cars and to expect a wait. The Hertz employee was under stress and being yelled at by bellicose, irate, hot customers and I did not envy the guy his job at that moment!  I waited in line and then walked to the desk where I asked about our reservation. He asked me to be patient and I said, no problem - we'll wait. He appeared relieved that someone was being pleasant to him!After about 30 minutes we were told our car was ready. We got to the garage and there was a shiny new Shelby Mustang! Suffice to say, this was not what I expected and it was a blast to drive. We got thumbs up from people all over the state during our trip and I felt so guilty that it got crapped on by hundreds of birds the night before I had to return it, that I paid for a hand wash in Phoenix before I returned the car.I guess my point is, you get what you give. I think I was probably the first calm customer that the Hertz employee had seen in hours and whether it was planned or not, we got a great car, above and beyond our expectations!  Karma? Who knows...;-)
4	These people are awesome.Tip - if you're a GOLD member, go downstairs.  You'll wait upstairs for an hour!!!Clean cars ready to go!
1	I take my Yelp reviews very seriously.  To me, giving someone a one star yelp review means that they have done something so egregious, that someone either did or could have gotten hurt as a result.  Oh wait...that's exactly what happened.  I recently flew into Phoenix with my brother, his husband and their 11 month old baby for a family wedding.  We rented an SUV with a car seat.  Initially, my brother asked if the car seat could be installed for them, as they were unfamililar with this model, and they were told company policy dictates that they could not install the seat.  Fine.  No big deal.  We install the seat and off we go to our hotel to rest up for the drive to Sedona the next day.  My brother's husband had a nagging feeling about the seat that just wouldn't go away.  Finally, he drove to the local police station to have it inspected and we were informed that Hertz had neglected to include the base of the carseat and that it was in fact, unsafe to hold a child.  A quick call to Hertz later and I KID YOU NOT, we were informed that it was not negligence on their part, it was negligence on our part for driving off with the car seat that they had provided.  Are you counting?  We have two strikes so far.  Massive error that could have led to death of child (that's gotta count for at least 10 strikes though...right) and then complete failure to take responsibility or attempt to fix the problem.  The bro in law located a nearby Hertz location, and they said we could come and pick up a new seat.  They gave us a new seat, they sure did.  Once again, I kid you not, this one was missing clips.  We made our way back to the original Hertz location at the airport.  The staff were rude, and spent a great deal of time rolling their eyes at us when we asked them for assistance putting a strange car seat into a car that we'd never seen before.  I understand they can't actually install it for liability purposes, but I can't believe that no one else has struggled to install an unfamiliar seat in an unfamiliar car.  Regardless, we never once received an apology, just continued rude behavior and eye rolls.  I travel often and have never encountered such poor customer service and lack of concern for safety at a car rental agency.  You can be sure that Hertz will never receive mine, my family's or any of my friends' business again.  You can bet that they will never receive the business of random people who I run into on the street.  This is how infuriated I am by their negligience and egregious mishandling of the whole situation.
2	I have used Hertz for business and family travel for the past 10 years. I must say that over the last few years, their service has really slipped.  We have rented in multiple states from Oakland, SFO, Maui, Cleveland, etc.  this review is for the Hertz in the Phoenix airport, AND this was the second time we used Hertz at this airport in 2-4 weeks, as my husband told me "never again".  We booked on Hotwire, a great way to save money, but again, arriving at 9:00 pm at the Hertz counter, only two people and 30 people in line, the same thing as last time!  Again, they have 7 kiosks, ALL not working again, geez, again, the same nonfunctional kiosks from last time (don't they ever fix those things), totally frustrated and in reading past reviews for this Hertz, for the last few years these kiosks are never working!  As we are waiting in line, angry customers are looming and waiting in the Hertz lobby, I asked what's wrong, and apparently Hertz was "out of cars" and was having customers wait as they scrambled to find them cars. Another angry customer in front of us was on the phone to Complain, apparently he got so frustrated, he vowed never to come back.  So after waiting 30 minutes, please dear god have a car for us and let us out of this place, we were given the 15 minute up a sell speech by the Hertz counter help, she recommended a bigger car for a price, "no, please give me my car", take additional insurance for $30/day, "no, please give me my car", do you want us to refill gas for you, "no, please give me my car", do you need gps, "no, please give me my car", do you need....."no, please give me my car" I think they do this to tired travelers so they submit to higher prices out of sheer aggrivation, but NO, we didn't budge and got our car....yea!  Now le me the heck out of this Hertz h..ll
1	I rented a car from phx airport  and was going to return it to LAX on June 9. I wasn't sure if I was going to return the car earlier or later, so I asked the person at the counter what would I be charged. They said the rate I have, it would just be adjusted to the days I actually used. .. well to make a long story short, I returned the car one week early in Arizona. The original rental rate had me at just over 1,050 (taxes and fees made it this high). When I looked at my American express account, there was a pending charge for 395 plus the bill was over 1,500 (so I would have paid over 1,900). According to what I was told at the counter, the bill should have been much closer to 750. I called, after much discussion, they reduced the bill to my original 1,050 saying that is the best they could do. I called customer service again a week or so later. Both conversations said I signed the contract saying that the rate could change. I then told them what was said to me at the pickup counter. Both times they said I signed, which I did not knowing that they would not stand behind what was said. I then told both customer service representatives that if I was to stand at the counter and read the documents in their entirety, it would really slow down their rental capacity and so I relied on their own rental agents response, BIG mistake,. Hertz will never see my business ever again, they clearly don't care about the customer anywhere near their bottom line. I hope Hertz goes of business, I would never treat anyone the way Hertz treated me, I hope they are glad they have my money....greedy, greedy jerks
