5	What a pleasant surprise!  Once the 215 Saloon now the Great American Bar.  They moved the bar from along the interior wall to the middle of the establishment.  By doing this the place instantly becomes more social.  They added more flat screen TVs and a full service kitchen that's open 24 hours.   Once a place where if you were lucky to find a handful of patrons you now find many new faces.  The handful of times I've been there it's been quite busy.  The vibe has totally changed.  The new owners seem engaged and energetic.   Each time I've been to the GAB the owner has approached the table with a smile and inquired about my visit.   The menu is EXACTLY what you expect.  Traditional pub fare elevated to something special.  Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lamb Sliders, Pizza, Wings, Hanger Steaks, Crab Cakes, fresh cut fries.  The food arrived in a reasonable time and it was cooked to perfection.  The chef has done a marvelous job taking boring usual bar food and turning it into something to look forward most definitely elevated pub fare .   I've yet to find something I didn't like about the menu.  Bar service is prompt and attentive. Drink prices are par for the course.
5	I checked in here, accidentally! The place is called The Great American Pub! Sorry.I love this place! Check out my review on their actual Yelp Page!Good food, service, prices, and a fun atmosphere.Must visit at least once!
1	They need a better venting system,  very smoky.  Gambling is not so good here.  Maybe on the on the .25 machines but the 5.00 machines don't give you any play.  If you just want to drink they do serve a proper Moscow Mule.   Tin cup and all.  I want a good place to gamble so I won't be back.
4	Homemade tater tots were yummy!!Carnitas tacos were great portion, but need a salsa for them.  A nice salsa verde or something to add a little moisture.  Bar itself is clean with a nice layout.  Bar tenders are cute.My only bitch is that I ordered a cocktail off their specialty card and was charged more than the price on the card.....  Kinda tacky.  Will go back, but more than likely will stick to the beers.
