5	The best service and attitude ever !Call them today and my dish washer was fixed the same day :)))They are amazing
5	I recomend this company to everyone !!!Just bough a house in Vegas and I needdd all my appliances fixed, called them and the next day Anthony from Kattany Appliances was at my house and few hours later everything my working perfectly . YEAHHHHHH!
5	I have the most amazing experience with this company!!!Professional ,Extremely Friendly and right on point .I  recommend them  to everyone that needs appliance services of any kind  I needed my dishwasher fixed and after I called Katanny the scheduled appointment the same day and the job was done the same day LOVE IT !!!!!!
5	Our He washer decided it wanted to break on us the Saturday morning before Memorial Day so we called Katanny because they had a cpl positive reviews & they were close to the house. The woman who schedule the appointments was able to get us in that afternoon & when the gentleman got there he was able to determine the source of the problem within about 15 mins. Unfortunately since it was so late I the day he couldn't get the part & since it was a long weekend he couldn't get it to the shop until the following Tuesday. That said, Tuesday evening about 7PM I got a call from him saying the part had just arrived & that he could come over right then to install it. By 8:45 we had our washer back in service. The whole time Katanny made sure to keep us in the loop with regards to what was going on & I couldn't have asked for a higher level of professionalism from an organization. I highly recommend them & will definitely use them again if I have another appliance failure.
5	I own a rental and had an issue with the water dispenser in the fridge. A tech from a different company that I called first wasn't able to repair it.  I tried Katanny Appliance and they arrived on time.  The technician was very skilled and was able to fix the issue. They were also very helpful and they said to just give them a call if there are any other issues that arise regarding water dispenser.  I would highly recommend them for any appliance issue that you may have!
