4	This place shocked T-Bone.He hate pepperoni, but...Their rolls are just wow.
5	I have only been to the strip district location and i can't get enough of this place (my waist not included).... Its a few blocks from my yoga studio and even after 90 painful minutes of sweating out carbs i always find myself back here. I recently discovered their basil pesto bread and it has become a weekly staple. It is simply the bomb. com. Fresh,soft and spicy. Just dip it in some olive oil and vinaigrette and you will be on cloud 9. I have always gotten my pizza dough and bread crumbs from here and they are both well made and cheap I refuse to shop anywhere else. Their breads stay fresh for a really long time too. My only wish is that they stayed open a little bit longer on weekdays (they close at 4 pm).
4	I have had few experiences with Mancini's, but what I do know is that if I'm in the area I'm automatically expected to bring home a peperoni roll to my wife. They are quite good - and from a few samples it seems they have much more that is also quite good. The employees seem generally friendly. The biggest issue here is working out a parking spot so you can stop in. HA! Good luck with that one.
5	Fresh bread and the BEST. PEPPERONI ROLLS. EVER.This is a special treat for me and hubby, and we always take our out-of-town guests to the Strip for one of these delicious treats.
1	When my family which is from Pittsburgh posted on Facebook that you could buy Mancini's bread online we were so excited.  We love Mancini's bread (I even met Mr. Mancini years ago) so we went online and bought 4 loaves.  Cost of the bread was reasonable at $10.00 for 4 loaves but freight was a whooping $18.  I figured that was for speedy overnight freight since, hello, it's bread.  They shipped on Tuesday (the only day they ship) and our STALE bread arrived Saturday October 10th.  Unless you live in the Pittsburgh area stay away from this bread shipping scam.  You have been warned.
4	We stopped here along our tour and were greeted with fresh pepperoni rolls. The bakery is small but has a ton of different breads to choose from and everything is made fresh in front of you.
2	I took advantage of the Groupon for the Pepperoni Platter...it looked so good on the website and I heard many good things about Mancinis...was totally disappointed... the bread and seasonings were good, but there was hardly any pepperoni or cheese in it...glad it was 50% off
5	Went here on vacation last year, got the pepperoni roll right out front and saved it before the Pirates game (ended up being the one that Homer Bailey threw a no-hitter, but hey, got to see a no-hitter at least). The roll itself was the best pepperoni roll I've had in my life. It's like they rolled up a small pizza with the amount of cheese and pepperoni that was packed in there. It was so good that I didn't even need to get dinner that night - which is great considering concession stand food at any ballpark requires a 2nd mortgage, and the pepperoni roll is completely worth the small price tag.
5	This may be a small shop, but the flavor of delicious, fresh bread envelops you when you walk through the door.  Samples of several varieties greet you as you wait to place your order at the counter.  If you enjoy a warm fresh loaf of bread, Mancini's is pure heaven.If I had to select my version of foodie heaven, it would be delicious wine, aromatic cheese, and a fresh loaf of bread - soft inside with a crunchy crust.  Yes, that would be my paradise.  At Mancini's I am halfway there :)Though known for their classic Italian loaves, I tend to explore the options: Pumpernickel, Rye, or my personal favorite - Cinnamon Swirl.  Oh dear Bread Gods, I worship this delicious loaf!  Sweet and savory all at once - I will and HAVE devoured the entire loaf at once.  Don't judge me until you've tried it.  Their Pepperoni Rolls are also exquisitely flavorful.Whenever I make a trip to the Strip, Mancini's is a must-visit location.  If (wo)man could live on bread alone, I would never leave.
