5	It was my first time going to the dentist when I went here the first time.  Although my appointment was set for 1:30, I came in early at around 1.  I was annoyed that I wasn't seen until 2. BUT, that was the worst part of my experience.  First of, the staff is pretty amazing.  They're friendly, perky and upbeat.  They do their best to make you feel comfortable in an otherwise stressful environment.  They made my first dental experience very easy.  I think that's the reason why, despite the fact that I had a pretty long wait, I didn't mind it so much.  Dr. Zamora was very comforting and adviced me to maximize my benefits.  His assistant eased my nervousness by telling me that when I get anything done, I can bring in an iPod or whatsoever so I won't feel too stressed about the noise.  I made an emergency extraction appointment on a Saturday and was able to make an appointment with Dr. Liu.  He is just fabulous.  He had a great sense of humor, a comforting persona and he just makes you feel like you can really trust him.  My extraction was painless and they even did fillings and deep cleaning all in an hour and a half. If you have dental anxieties and worries, trust me when I say that this place is a guarantee.  They know how to work magic with their instruments and their personalities to ease your mind.  Now, I think I LOVE going to the dentist :D
5	I've gone to Dr. Liu for almost 15 years. He and his staff are a team. I recommend him to friends and family. They will work with you for insurance etc. he's as close as I've gotten to "loving" going to the dentist.
5	this review is coming from someone who has needed all kinds of dental work since age five.i have had silver caps, cavities, molds done, root canals, crowns..you name it, i have probably had it done before.i absolutely adore all staff here. either dentist is a great choice.they are both very particular with their work, care about your comfort, and make you feel right at home.my biggest fear is being judged for how bad my teeth are.i dont LIKE going to the dentist. so i usually dont.i have a habit of waiting until im in excruciating pain before caving in.after one visit to this place, you wont ever go anywhere else.i literally drive all the way across town.
