5	Had a crown and a deep cleaning done yesterday. Greatest staff and doctors I've ever encountered. They all really made the visit stress free and were all so caring. With all the work performed my mouth still is not sore.. i just finished eating cereal! Great dentist and staff. Very highly recommended! :)
5	Everything about this place was great accept for they didn't resolve my dental insurance issue before I arrived. I made the appointment a month in advance. This is a new location and it was nice to be in a well decorated place with all the latest dental equipment. I will be back again soon!Update: My insurance issue was resolved the next day and I was happily surprised to find out the costs for my procedures was significantly less than what I was expecting. Love this place!
5	I was actually happy with my previous dentist except that I travel and they could never get me in when I had free time so I found this place randomly off my insurance website.  They are awesome!  The staff was friendly and they have great hours which was a plus.  My dentist spent time to get to know me a bit and I've had a cleaning and a brown there and in both cases the experience was the best I've had.  The crown was a 'do it while you wait' which means no 2nd appt which saved a ton of time.
5	Office staff: superb - graciously answered questions and assisted with patient forms. Tech: efficient taking numerous x-rays and careful to ensure my comfort. Dr. Valenzuela: perfect balance of professional and amicable - respectfully listened to, understood and acknowledged my  concerns regarding oral care. Hygienist: Lani exceeded all expectations - as close to perfection in her craft in all respects as is humanly possible. I also took my Mom (90 years old residing in memory care) to Mac Ranch.  The entire staff couldn't have been more kind.  Mom enjoyed the visit and agreed with my assessment of Lani's expertise (even with Mom's issues she is super critical of hygienists as am I).  I was impressed with both Dr. Valenzuela's and Lani's offer to write a prescription for Mom's oral care - particularly since, in my experience,  many health care providers are not interested in elderly patients. In sum, I am delighted to have found Mac Ranch Modern Dentistry - all staff obviously committed to superior patient care - state of the art technology - what more can be said than that I recommend mc Ranch without reservation (the third dental office I have visited since relocating less than a year ago.)
5	We have been to dental offices from the East coast to the West coast, in cities such as New York and Los Angeles. MacDonald Ranch Modern Dentistry is the cream of the crop. From as soon as you open the front door you are greeted by the most friendly and welcoming front desk staff. The dental assistants are friendly, knowledgeable and gentle. The dental clinic is loaded with the most modern up to date dental equipment that is in existence (you can go home with a brand new crown in the same day !!!). They accept care credit should you need immediate care where you can pay in installments interest free provided you are responsible.The waiting room is extremely comfortable with coffee, tea or hot chocolate, television, purified water and children friendly. Unfortunately you do become comfortable and then BOOM you are called in as you are never kept waiting long. MacDonald Ranch Modern Dentistry runs its business with precision.Of course I must save the best for last. Owner and one of the most talented and well educated dentist we have ever met,  throughout the entire country will convert your issues into happiness and quickly at that. Dr. Cody Paul Mugleston, DMD is the best dentist in the country from our many dental experiences. Dr. Mugleston even teaches other dentists on the use of the latest in modern dentistry technology.We highly recommend  MacDonald Modern Dentistry to all who appreciate quality service and amazing results.
5	I had a great experience at the MacDonald Ranch Modern Dentistry. This office is definitely modern, using the newest dental technology, they even have TV's mounted to your chair, to view any information presented to you (I.E X-Rays or to watch TV!) It also has got to be the most inviting dental/doctor office around (BRIGHTLY LIT & SUPER CLEAN!). From the second I walked in, I was greeted in a very friendly manner, until the moment I left. My experience with everyone who works there was just amazing, I can't thank everyone in the office enough, from the receptionist to all the assistant that helped out. They are all warm and welcoming. Dr. Moskowitz, couldn't have been a better doctor, he shared tons of information to help me better understand things I never knew about, which I love since it turns my visit into a great learning experience. Plus he answered all my questions and concerns, no matter how ridiculous they were. Lastly of course he did an EXCELLENT job on my teeth. At the end of the day I am happy to have found this dental office, which I highly suggest giving them a try. Also they currently have a great offer for your cleaning, exam and x-rays, which I am sure you noticed if you got this far in reading the yelp review page, so if you're on the fence about an office choose this one.
1	Documents uncomfortably legalistic and strongly/obviously worded to the benefit of the provider that you had to agree/sign in advance or they would not see you.  Selling of "extras" started with reception with a brochure for an annual service plan.   The dentist subsequently had "professional recommendations" to include laser treatments for my gums, an oral cavity screening/evaluation, night mouth guards for teeth grinding and the like - and the selling was done by the actual dentist during my initial evaluation!! and before the cleaning began.    Honestly, as presented I questioned if future judgments would be made because things were medically necessary and/or best practices or if it was about the money.   I recently moved to Henderson and was seeking a new provider and accordingly tried the $49 introductory @ McDonald Ranch Dentistry.   I kept thinking it felt almost like a "loss leader" deal - get you in for $49 and try to sell $4-500 worth of other services and stuff.  If something doesn't feel right - well, you know the saying.  The cleaning was OK, was $49 but, the experience didn't feel right.  i would not recommend them or their personal/ professional demeanor.
5	I hadn't been to the dentist in quite a whole, so I knew it wouldn't be pretty. The whole office made the visit very comfortable and simple. My treatment plan was explained very clearly and my payment options were very clear.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone needing dental work. Rebecca up front has a great attitude leaving a great first impression, Dr. Valenzuela made everything very clear and comfortable, Ruth her assistant had a great attitude making it an even better experience, Lani the hygienist made the process simple and as comfortable as possible, and Ferdie made my temporary crowns very well and placed them perfectly. Thank you to the whole team. Wonderful experience.
5	If dentistry can be a pleasurable experience, this is certainly the place! The staff is welcoming and compassionate to "super chickens" like myself. The office is clean and modern and not scary at all. My husband and I both see Dr Valenzuela who took the time to meet us before working on our teeth. We were impressed by her professionalism and gentle caring nature. Tracy at the front desk is extremely pleasant and reassuring. She also makes sure that the patient knows everything about the plan and cost before ANY procedure is done. Lanni is the absolute best Dental Hygenist we have ever been to. She is thorough and does not cause pain in the process. A BIG shout out to Lanni!  Ferdy is a true artist in his ability to craft a crown in 1 day...AMAZING! The entire experience at this Dental office is GREAT!
5	From the moment I walked in, I was greeted with the friendliest smile from the lovely receptionist, Rebecca. The entire staff is top notch and made me feel completely at ease even though I was scared because I hadn't seen a dentist in over five years. You are called in quickly and glide through the entire process. These folks are the definition of PROFESSIONALS.
1	If you don't mind feeling like you are at a car lot, then go here.  I can in for the $49 exam special. Dentist was nice, as was his staff. However, I hadn't even had my cleaning done and I was bombarded by their financial dept while still in the dentist chair. I was told I needed 4 fillings redone cause they weren't completely intact. Also, I was told that I needed another new filling. I felt pressured and uneasy. I sought out a second opinion from another dentist 2 days later who examined me and reviewed my X-rays and he told me that my fillings were fine.  The "cleaning" I received was mediocre at best.This office has all the high tech equipment but it is not somewhere I would recommend. It is unethical to recommend treatment that is not indicated. Go somewhere else.
1	I do not know who writes good reviews for this dentistry.. it may be their friends/family? So I decided to give them a try based on reviews. I came in for basic teeth cleaning. I agree with Kris R. that I too was bombarded by their financial dept.  because (supposedly) I need 4 crowns, cavity fillings on top of my cleaning. The price came out to be over $$$ a few Ks. Let me remind you that I have dental insurance. That was the price I have to pay out of pocket. I also sought a second opinion from my regular trusted dentist (in California- Moved to Vegas this year).  Long story short-- they tried to charge my dental insurance --Close to $600 for x-rays (they put that down for Orthodontial x-rays) I came for cleaning and they advertise for $49 basic cleaning and exam, $25 for consultation (you mean consultation for your pricing) -over $200 for cleaning. WTF!  My insurance had to call them to ask what's up.Beware of coming here unless you want to get ripped off! I wish I can give them negative stars.
