4	Located inside Aria and next to Jean Philippe is this bar/lounge where I met up an older friend of mine who was visiting from Italy. I didn't want to take him to a club with sleazy barely 21 crowd who are super excited to be out on a weekend who do not understand what inside voice means...and there's also the late 20's-early 30's crowd who always has something to prove to make himself feel good so he tells you about his cars, his house, how he wants to travel to Europe but has only been to Utah because of some lame excuse. Oh puh-leez!  Ask him which university he graduated from and the douchebaggery is over.  This place is chill. You sit, drink and have a conversation. Older men smoking their cigars. There's live music. The band that was playing the night we went was actually pretty good. The set they played sounded like something from my playlist: "Drive" by Incubus, "Wonderwall" by Oasis, "Pumped Up Kicks" by Foster the People, and I want to say they performed "Yellow" by Coldplay but I'm not too sure after a few drinks. I was singing along and feeling good.They gave us Japanese crackers and wasabi peas. The drinks were not so expensive. The restaurant we went to prior to Lift was charging way more for a glass of Riesling. I also tried their Nacional (rum, Licor 43, pineapple juice and lime)...delicious! The service was good too."Would you choose water over wine? Hold the wheel and drive."
1	If I could give this bar no stars or half of one star, I would.  My husband and I played video poker here for less than two hours on a Saturday afternoon (around 2:00 pm, when the bar was not busy), and we had THE WORST service we have ever experienced in Vegas from the bartender, Josh.  He was rude, offensive and extremely condescending.  When we sat down we both put $100 into the machines, and began playing the max bet, which was a requirement we both fully understood and were fine with to be able to comp our drinks.  Josh reminded us when he brought the first round that we could have one drink every 30 minutes, and that we needed to be playing the max bet.  Again, we were fine with that and it was not an issue.We started playing and were winning.  After about 35 minutes or so we ordered our second round of drinks and Josh, who was busy making shots and espresso martinis for the two couples next to us (of whom only one person was playing the video poker machine occasionally but all four persons were receiving comped drinks), seemed annoyed.  He reluctantly brought us the drinks and then continued to ignore us and boast an air of arrogance to all of those around him.Finally, after another 35-40 minutes had gone by, we asked Josh for a final round of drinks, and he rudely told us that he had to ask his floor manager because he didn't know if we had played enough.  His comment was absurd and delivered in such a way that we could not have been more offended.  He did not adhere to this policy with any of the other players around us, so why we were singled out when we had been consistently gambling and did not ask for drinks before we knew 30+ minutes had passed just baffled us.  We were merely killing time before taking a limo to the airport, so his behavior was just absurd.After checking with his floor manager who informed him that we had been gambling enough and another drink was approved, he decided to tell us that before he could give us another drink we had been warned by him, and that "his job was on the line."  We were LIVID.  My husband offered to pay for the drinks, and we left right away to speak with management about the treatment we had just received.  Upon asking to speak to the manager we were told to walk back to the Bar and that he/she would be there to talk to; however, no one was to be found.  We don't know if it was by the hand of Josh that this person never appeared, but it leaves us to conclude that this particular bar and this particular bartender are some of the worst in not just Vegas, but the US.  We are huge fans of the Aria and were extremely disappointed in this service experience and the way it was handled afterwards.  We will seriously consider other casinos and hotels to stay at during our next trip to Vegas, even though we loved the Sky Suite and every other person at the hotel besides Josh.
4	I never actually indented on coming to this bar before I saw how seemly relaxed this place is. The longest back story ever shortened is I was waiting for my friend to come down to get me past security since it is right next to the elevator banks and it looked like a decent place to stop by, if we had the time at least. And then couple that with the Aria channel in my friend's room that was advertising everything at the Aria including the Lift Bar.It's kinda dark, but its Aria and Las Vegas, nothing is ever fully lit. When we got there my friend was a bit loopy and I insisted we sit down to order, but he wanted to go to the bar to get drinks. Fine whatever. At first it seemed like the bartender didn't want to help us get the drinks, but he did have a lot of orders to fill and he eventually warmed up to us. We were able to get a menu and ordered a bucket of Stella Artois ($35 + Tax rather than ~7.25 per beer). I know expensive but it's Aria and it's Las Vegas, budgeting for alcohol at a bar was never possible.We eventually got the bucket and we grabbed a table near the entrance and waited for our other friends to come by so we can head off to dinner. I've got to say, yes it is a decent place to stay, the chairs are quite comfy, and the cocktail waitresses are always walking around getting orders and clearing tables. We paid for our beers already and didn't expect service but they came around to take the empty bottles and the bucket after we were finished with them.It was also March madness weekend and people were screaming at the television, but I don't blame them. Relaxed atmosphere, and a place where you can really just sit, drink, and chat with your friends/family.
1	Peek-a-Boo!Even though I can see you, I'm going to ignore you.
2	Very unimpressed with EVERYTHING about this bar. The service was fair. The drinks tasted like everything came pre-made and thrown together like someone at TGI Fridays, not a high end Vegas hotel. My advice is, be what you say you are!  If you say you are a high end mixology bar, be one!  Stand out. This place is not it.
2	OVERPRICED $10 for a beer is ridiculous.  This place gets packed because its the closest bar to the elevators but its not worth it.
4	Great location in the Aria casino for people watching. We came here to watch the Kentucky football game which they were kind enough to change on one of the TVs. My husband and I started off with bud and I got the Blue Moon. After a while it looked like the waitress got a a little busy since she was the only one working the floor so we moved on to buckets. They are a great deal. $25 for 5 but the selection is limited. They only had Heineken or dos equis so we opted for the former. They gave us some corn nuts and snack mix whisk was a nice touch! Might have to come back here later to try their cocktails as a night cap ;)
1	Don't go here So pissed at this Bar! I was charged 15.13 out of nowhere on my card because I didn't tip too much for a basic tequila and Pinapple drink. The drink was only 11.89! Good thing I check my statements consistently. Horrible Its a person right to tip big or not!
