5	I had my first visit to Polished Dental for a routine cleaning and exam.  Dr. Joey Troupe and his staff create a very welcoming and relaxing environment.  Kathleen expertly cleaned and polished my teeth with such gentleness that I could have easily dozed off during the process!  I highly recommend Polished Dental for all of your dental needs!
5	I was looking for a dentist in the Pittsburgh area and was recommended Dr. Joey Troupe at Polished Dental. Unlike many other Dental practices I've been to, Polished Dental was the least intimidating experience I've had. They play hip music, the lobby is clean and warm, and the staff the friendliest I've experienced. Dr. Joey thoroughly explains everything before proceeding and is never pushy. Honestly, this was the best dental experience I have ever received. Highly recommended if you are looking for a dentist in the Pittsburgh Area. Especially if you are young and haven't been to a dentist for a while this place is perfect. I even had an awesome conversation with Dr. Joey about my favorite bands and authors. 5 stars.
5	I've had great experience at Polished Dental.  The staff is very friendly and empathetic to timid patients.  Dr. Troupe is very professional.  Not only does he take standard x-rays, but actual photographs of your teeth so you can see exactly what the issues are.  He talks you through everything and communicates regularly through email.The office has a very nice atmosphere.  They play good music (no GOP talk radio ramblings like my last place) and they have a Keurig in the waiting area (perfect for early morning appointments).   Dr. Troupe and his staff provide the best dentist experience one could hope for.
5	I had a very pleasant experience at Polished Dental. I went for a check up and teeth cleaning. The dental hygienist was sweet but also thorough. The doctor took time to get to know me and my interests. He even sent me a thank you email after my last appointment and also to my boyfriend for referring me. I recommend this practice to anyone in the Pittsburgh area!
5	I have terrible anxiety about going to the dentist; I really dread the dentist. However, that changed by switching to Polished Dental. I made a few visits to Dr. Troupe to address a complicated tooth issue. Dr. Troupe gave me all possible options and outcomes in an honest way. After an extraction and bone graft the site healed beautifully. The hygienists are just as nice and welcoming. I received emails to confirm my appointments and am always greeted with a smile. A place like this makes it 100 times better for a person with dentist anxiety to feel comfortable. The music played is a nice touch as with the selection of magazines and beverages. I plan on staying with Polished Dental and also completing an implant in the future. Overall, great experience.
5	I've had my teeth cleaned and gotten a filling from Polished Dental. On both occasions they were fantastic to deal with.In particular, the filling was as great an experience as it could have been. It was completely (I mean completely) painless and I was in and out of there in less than an hour. It's now been 5 hours since the filling: the numbness has worn off, I'm still pain-free, and the filling already feels like it's been part of my mouth forever.I would recommend this office to anyone.
5	I went to Dr. Troupe for the first time several months ago when I first moved to Pittsburgh for what I thought would be a minor repair. After his evaluation he found many things that my previous dentist had neglected in the past. After several more visits and working on getting my mouth up to par I could not be happier with the honesty and top notch work the staff offers. I have not had a worry or bit of anxiety about the dentist since going to Dr. Troupe. The staff is the friendliest in town and always go out of their way to make your experience the best it could be.
5	AMAZING. I was super terrified about going to the dentist because the last time I'd gone was when I was 17 getting my wisdom teeth out (I'm 21.) But it was so awesome, everyone was so nice and accomodating for me. I'm on a budget and they worked with my insurance company to get me covered and everything. The patient care is incredible I couldn't have asked for better. All of the ladies are so nice and experienced and you can tell Dr. Troupe and everyone really care about all of their patients and do regular follow ups after every visit and check in to make sure everything is OK. All of my visits have been fun, quick, thorough and painless and Dr. Troupe and the staff really do an amazing job. I completely trust them with my teeth and will never step foot in another dentist office besides Polished again. It was just so great, overall fantastic experience and patient care you won't find anywhere else.The office is really nice and aesthetic too. And I'd recommend parking probably in the Oliver street parking garage because on street parking can be difficult to find downtown.
