2	I don't know why we have to suffer with a terrible Taco Bell so close to us. It seems silly that, when the Taco Bell craving comes on, we should drive past one to go to one better, yet I think I should start doing this now.Though it's been through several changes in management in the two years we've lived in this area, this Taco Bell is almost always the same: lackluster, unenthusiastic employees and dirty surroundings. The tables are never, ever clean, and there is rarely someone at the front - the cooks have to call for someone to get to the register when someone comes in.Last time we were there, there were no straws, the tables were dirty despite having been open only 5 minutes, and the drink machine was malfunctioning, spraying soda everywhere. Also, it made my tummy hurt.
2	Tortillas are always stale. Pizza is always either raw or burnt. On several occasions i have found that the staff had placed a new time label over another to avoid cooking fresh pizzas. The quality of the food at this location just always seems to be sub par. I have lived near this location for ten+  years and its always been the same. So i go to the brown and mesa dr location
4	I know my boyfriend hates that I love Taco Bell so much (being the evil fast food chain conglomerate that it is), but it's food I grew up with... and I still love it. Been going to this location for as long as I remember... sometimes they mess up my order, most times they don't. I imagine turnover is pretty fast here, so it's unfair to judge them on just 1 or 2 visits. For the most part, this Taco Bell has been great. Clean facilities. This location also does the 3 free tacos (with the purchase of a large drink) when the Diamondbacks score 6 or more runs. :D
3	I get the same lady almost every time I come to this location and she always makes me smile. I like consistency!
5	Same standard Taco Bell service - you get what you pay for as far as the food goes, but they always get our order right.
5	I know what you're thinking... 5 stars for taco bell??? Yes!! Of course this is biased, but I've never eaten in the store, however, I've probably went through this drive thru at least 50x (Don't judgeXD) But this place is the best taco bell in Arizona. The food here is like what you see in  the commercials! It always gives you a ton of food! Bang for your buck!!
5	Taco Bell is amazing. The smothered burrito is the best thing they've ever had and it's only $3 for a beef one! I always get extra chipotle sauce in mine and just one fills me up. Their other stuff is great too and the menu is always rotating. This location normally even asks if I want sauce in the drive thru. That's great because a lot of places don't which isn't fun. Another awesome thing you'll find at Taco Bell is Mt Dew Baja Blast. It's probably the best Mt Dew out there. The mt dew AM is good too (it's OJ and Mt Dew).I eat here at least once a week because the food is awesome and cheap.
5	Two bean burritos with no onions and two taco supremes. It's been my go to snack for 25 years. I love Taco Bell!
1	Seriously?It's fast food, it's simple food and it's still as inconsistently screwed up as possible every time I've tried this location. Hard shells were beyond stale, I'm not sure how you even manage this when you guys would be going through so many, leaving them out ? Ordered chicken... My whole order was chicken..as confirmed on the order screen when I ordered and as it states on my receipt. Did I receive one product with chicken? No.I don't do fast food often, but I do like to indulge here and there, sadly the taste was so bad I literally can't imagine ever going back, not just this location but any toco bell ever. You killed my taste buds.Hire managers that actually manage.
5	Best employees out if any fast food restaurant, always leave happy. They're not afraid to give lots of fire
5	Friendliest staff out of any fast food restaurant I have ever been too! Always smiling and nice! Order comes out fast hot and fresh love this Taco Bell!!!
5	This is our favorite Taco Bell because the employees are consistently very friendly and efficient. Food and facility are the same as any other Taco Bell but the staff make all the difference.
