4	Just got my first taste of Juicy Lotus' fare tonight. We took out for dinner, since we were both busy with school and work. We got a pad thai with tofu shrimp and green vegetable stir-fry and it was delicious! yum!I can't wait to try more of their foods!this is a great and healthier alternative on a night that you are too busy to cook, but don't want to order something greasy.
3	The food isn't all that exciting and it is a bit over priced.
4	A couple days ago, I did a great afternoon Yoga class at Moksha Yoga NDG. I was meeting a friend who said he was at a vegetarian cafe, and this was part of my journey to Cafe Juicy Lotus. This seemed be a great idea, healthy food after a good bit of exercise. As I went in, I really liked the vibe. Small, cozy, and smelling great. I had a veggie burger with avocado salad & a stuffed vine leaf salad. The veggie burger was good, and the salads were fantastic. While I ate my friend had a biscotti, which was not too bad, this made me want to get something to eat so I opted for an energy ball made of coconut & some sort of green tea. It was delicious. In the end I am super happy that my friend introduced me to this cafe. I will definitely go back and give a try...after a nice sweaty yoga session that is.
1	I would not recommend this for anyone that is vegan. The owner will often say things are vegan when they are not. Salads are often 1-3 days old. Not recommended for diabetics too. The food is marketed as "gourmet vegetarian" but is often very sugary and oily. Every time I have been here the owner was yelling at employees obscenely. A very unpleasant environment. The food is also very overpriced.
3	Over priced food. I went in there and the girl behind the counter told me the quiche was 6$ and then she charged me 7$ for it-oops she made a mistake!So I ask for quiche and the girl picks the sandwich-spacey hippie!Then I asked her to heat up the quiche for me and she didn't do such a great job.I don't feel I got such a great value for 7$-a small piece of quiche.Do they really have to put cane sugar in all their cakes???I intolerant to cane sugar-they could use maple syrup for gods sake.
1	BlechBut for the amazing kindness of the staff my experience would have been a total loss.  Very dated not well prepared not even  properly heated vintage 1998 vegetarian fare. Wish I could have liked it but I couldn't even eat it. Cold, twice reheated stuffed bell peppers with flavourless brown rice and red beans, tough chewy (again flavourless) Brussels sprouts, half decent kale salad (surprisingly bright dressing-the only highlight of the experience). Yuck.  This is my second visit after a terrible first. My bad for returning-shame on me.
5	Excellent food, great service, and nice ambience. Small space so a group of more than four or five would be a challenge but there are two small (2-seater) tables, and one larger 5-seater table. You go up to the counter, and order whatever it is you want. If it's a soup, you'll sometimes need to fetch the container from the fridge across the counter, and hand it to the counter person. Otherwise, they have nearly everything right there on the other side of the glass. Either way, figure out what you'd like. Everything except the quiche was vegan on the day that I went. Score. I got this creamy chickpea salad, a veggie chicken asian salad, and two samosas. My friends got the stuffed pepper, a couple of samosas, a carrot salad, and spiced aubergines. They decided to share the stuffed pepper, because the thing was HUGE and positively overflowing with the lentils-and-rice stuffing. The portions that the lady had dished out for theirs was enormous. She also provided a variety of little dipping sauces for the samosas. Mine was a very tahini-filled hummus, and theirs was a red pepper one. Both were lovely. The portions were generous. Once I got finished eating my meal, I was pleasantly full, and had to more or less roll myself out the door. Ah well. Maybe dessert next time!? The food was packed with flavour. The Asian veggie chicken thing was loaded with fresh ginger, a little sourness from what tasted like rice vinegar, and plenty of fresh marinated vegetables. The samosas had a spicy filling with a nice kick. The chickpea salad was creamy and delicious. It was all full of flavour. The lady behind the counter was an absolute sweetheart. She had lots of patience while we tried to figure out what we wanted, while still getting the food to us in a timely fashion, even though she was all by herself in the kitchen! The best part is that coming here is an adventure, because the menu changes from day to day, based on what the cook feels like making. That way, you don't get bored of the same thing over and over again. I've been to a lot of restaurants, and worked at one (doing all the different jobs) for years. I know how difficult it is to make a concept like Juicy Lotus work, and I'm pleased that there is such a place that you don't have to go downtown to get to.
