5	I was lucky enough to find this little gem at the Truck Stop last night.  I didn't get to try any of the actual food b/c I became obsessed with the cupcake.  Holy Cow!  I don't remember what was in it....Boones and some other alcohol I think, (I had too much of some other alcohol in me to remember)!  But it was the BOMB!  Can't wait to try everything else!Welcome to the Vegas Food Truck scene guys, you ROCK!
2	I love fried pickles and was so excited about getting them. Waited for over 20 minutes to finally get them and I received 3 measly spears that were over cooked because the pickle was chewy and lacked the crunch I was craving. Came with a side of ranch straight from the bottle (where's the special sauce that should come with this?) 4 dollars for this?? Not worth it. These are not typically on their menu but they should not have it at all. If you do something subpar, just don't do it at all. Not impressed by the menu or prices.
5	The Buttermilk Pie is fucking awesome.  After biting into it for the first time, I had serious concerns that I may have shit myself from its deliciousness.Awesome selection of hot sauces as well.
5	Yum!  I tried the pork bowl and the steak bowl.  Both were awesome.  The pork bowl had a very smoky flavor.  They have a variety of fresh hot sauces ranging from mild to very hot.  The hottest one is Ghost of Granny, meaning ghost peppers, which has a surprisingly good flavor but kicks in about 5 seconds later with the heat.  Brillant!  Get everything loaded.  Guac, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, etc. Don't be a picky wimp.The chocolate pork balls were also delish.  Chocolate, granola, and BACON! Friendly folks.  Got a yee-haw out of them for something . . . not sure what though.  Definitely a keeper.
1	I went to Foodie fest yesterday where I saw the redneck kitchen truck and of course of all 30 trucks there, I had to choose that one. I ordered the naked burrito which cost me $8 and took 10 mins to make. My daughter & I were very hungry @ this point but were disappointed at the first bite! The pulled pork was smoked which I hate, I wish I had known before I paid for it. It woulda been nice to sample it first before wasting my $$ but that wasnt ever gonna happen bcuz we all know that every1 gets ripped off in these kind of events. They're out to get ur money, they don't care if u like their food or not. I went to another truck & got pizza for $9 and the other food just sat there for the flies. Wasted $8. They call these gourmet food trucks, even the toppings on the pork were bad quality like the sour cream, black olives & cheese. The whole thing was disgusting!! You live & learn! I will never eat there again!!
5	Save room for the pork balls. They are surprisingly good.
5	While I was enjoying Fried Pickles in the form of deep-fried discs at The Rusty Pickle Food Truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest, a lady who was unknown to me tipped me off that if I really wanted to taste a great fried pickle, I should visit The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck that was not very far away.  So, although not really hungry for more pickles nor very enthused about the name of the company but intrigued nevertheless, I decided to not let this opportunity for a head to head comparison pass me by.  So, I strolled over to The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck, and ordered the only pickle dish on the menu: Deep-fried Irish Pickle Spears, and a Coke.Before I got my completed order, I was summoned by name to the truck window, and was handed $4 as change that I had forgotten to wait for just after I placed my order.  This alone was worth an extra star.And when I received my pickles soon afterward, what initially came to mind as I first saw three fairly thin pickle spears resting in a small paper basket was "This is all I get for $3?!"  But then I liked crunching down on the warm battered spears and tasting the thin length of pickle inside each one, and by the time I was through noted how very filling and delicious they were, with or without ketchup or a mild white remoulade applied.  I don't know how Irish pickle spears are different from other pickle spears, but these deep-fried beauties were mighty tasty--even though priced at $1 a spear.  In fact, they narrowly won my personal Fried Pickle Throwdown pitted against The Rusty Pickle's more lightly battered but also tasty, deep-fried slices. And, the friendly employees of The Redneck Kitchen didn't seem rednecky at all.  I am now an enthusiastic fan!
4	Dirty, delightful, heaven!
