4	Mimi makes you feel absolutely gorgeous and is a totally low pressure salesperson (though I always end up buying too much).  Hyatt gave me an excellent eyebrow wax.  The store is adorable -- and reasonably priced considering it's in Boca Park.
4	Went in to try eye lash extensions via groupon.  Maria and Mimi were very informative of the care and up keep.  So Maria went to work.  The taping down of your lower lashes suck.  But I don't like other fingers around my eyes.  Maria was very sweet and listened to what I wanted and expected.  I did feel a little rushed cause she did say she was behind schedule.  So after about 45mins(I think) I was done.  I am not that impressed.  I wanted my lashes fuller.  They just look how they always do when I have mascara on.  I have always had long lashes I just wanted them fuller/thicker.However, Mimi and Maria's customer service is top notch.  I had an event this evening and Mimi wanted to put on my makeup (except eye shadow).I will definitely be back for makeup and waxing service but I am not impress with eye lash extensions.  This is not on them, my eyes look great but I can get the same look with mascara.If you don't have long lashes then I would suggest them for extensions great service....
5	You want to look hip and fashionable in Vegas?  This is the place to shop.  They have the quality & stylish clothes that you can find. Your friends will say where did you get that..  also, don't forget to get Eyelash extensions while you are there.  Maria is Awesome!Love shopping at the MIXT.
5	The most helpful clothiers in the world! I sat and chit chatted with the very friendly owner while, Mimi, the most wonderful sales associate took care of my 16 year old, very picky, daughter! We bought her entire spring wardrobe from Mixt! The prices are so reasonable...the most comfortable pair of flats...$19!! All the clothes are fashionable and of good quality. We are never disappointed when we shop there!
3	I purchased a Groupon for this place for a waxing special so that is what originally brought me in. It was my first time in so it gave me an opportunity to shop around their store a bit before my appointment. The clothes I found were quite cute and very reasonably priced. As far as my waxing appointment went, I was far less than impressed with the waxing technique used. The only reason I was going to go back was to use my second waxing I had that was basically free because of my Groupon. I went in for my second waxing and had a different technician and was much more pleased and I would now go back to her for another waxing appointment.
5	Living so far away hinders me from visiting the place I would probably spend my entire paychecks on their clothing and accessories and down time chatting with the amazing customer service reps all while getting picked, poked and prodded from all their spa offers! They offer everything a girl/woman living in 2012 would need! If you love yourself you will go here!
2	Do not get lash extensions here!!!!  I got them and followed all directions to a t and they fell off in a week- what a joke!!!  My lashes are now majorly damaged and look like little stubsI love the clothes there but will never get nor recommend any beauty treatments.
3	Lash tinting was great, but the boutique wasn't all that interesting.
4	I bought a groupon for a full set of lashes. My appointment was with Bianca. So far they look really cute and she did exactly what I asked. She was also super fast. She is friendly and cheerful. There is only a hair dresser on Sundays.They could kick it up a notch by offering water, coffee, or tea while you wait. I was pretty early for my appointment and I was a little stunned no one offered me a drink. Lash Fills here are not cheap (180.00 for a full set and 70.00 for a fill) so I do expect a little foo foo. I was also freezing during the appointment, a blanket would have been lovely. So as far as comfort goes I was not impressed. I would not  get a facial here because I just don't think one could relax. The music is pretty loud and you can hear the shoppers chatting.The boutique is full of clothes and shoes. Some clothes feel on the cheap end and I noticed little holes in the fabric or poor sewing. This might be a place I go and buy outfits for a music festival. I won't be to upset if anything gets trashed because I don't think the clothes would survive the wash machine. They have lots of pieces of funky jewelry and hats.Could not find makeup-Makeup that was out seemed like it was probably used by a make up artist.
2	I browsed through this store with my girlfriend. There were two employees working, neither of which said a word to us in the 5-10 minutes we were there. They were far too busy talking to each other.
4	When i first drove by i wasnt sure what to think of this place but i got my lashes done here and I loved it!I didnt pay too close attention to the clothes/accesories because i was on a time crunch but I def. will be back to check it out
5	REVIEW FOR THE SALON -Prepare to be amazed by the brilliant hair stylist, Noe Bunelos! He is very knowledgable and takes the upmost care to ensure the style your looking for meets and exceeds your expectations. Noe has been my hairstylist for over two years, and I always trust him. This is his second location in Summerlin. I'm a young man, who has a simple haircut. So if your a looking for a "man's haircut" ask for Noe at this location. He also does many other services such for women, of course. I know for a fact that most of my friends from work, women and men also agree with me that he's a trustworthy and knowledgeable hair stylist. About the location: This might be a drive depending on how far your traveling but I believe it's worth the drive. There are other stylist here who also work to meet your needs. The salon is located at the back of this boutique/clothing store, so don't be weirded out. The rooms where the styling takes place in are a bit small, but it doesn't bother me. I've been here several times already and it doesn't seem like there are many people waiting, if any. It's more of a "by the appointment" thing. Pricing: I only get a men's haircut for $20 in which it includes shampoo and conditioner. For me that sounds like a deal compared to "Super-Cuts". It's more stylized. Call for pricing.To conclude if your looking for a new stylist look no further, Noe is that individual. Stop by and see what it's all about. We all want that stylist who's trustworthy and knows what he or she is doing, and I can honesty say Noe and staff are more than capable.
5	This review is for ... Ana Rivas, She gives good head!  Best extensions, blow outs.. And overall insane flexibility, enthusiasm and knowledge about her craft... I have never been loyal to a hair person in my life...The money I have spent on my hair with her....is and was worth every penny.  I leave here feeling like a new woman...I trust her, bonus..I  get to shop because there is a darling boutique in the salon..Ana Rivas  goes out of her way to accommodate my schedule and is so passionate and meticulous...she is more than reasonably priced, apprenticed in New York with some of the best stylists..I will follow her all over the city she is my go to...
5	Review for salon:  Blanca Blanca Blanca!   All I can say is BLANCA!   Trust me!!!!! I'm just saying!! Got my hair cut by Blanca today again.  I'm never ever let down! I heart that women and the cute quaint chair she rents.  She's such a great person and stylist!  She heard I was in a car wreck and came to the local trauma ward to clean and wash the blood and gravel out of my hair!  Now that quaintly customer service!!! Love!
