5	Very good food! Staff super friendly and helpful. You go in and are seated at a table, handed and menu, waiter comes by asks for drink order, then asks if you know how the system works, if not they explain it all to you. Our waiter was nice, but we didn't see much of her. It's a topping bar style, do-it-yourself, make your own stir fry place, however if your not in the mood to really think about putting a bowl together, you can pick from a menu. First you choose your meats (raw) and they have everything from chicken, to seafood, to beef, to turkey. Next choose your spices. Add veggies, and there is plenty of great variety and they are fresh, pick out a sauce (fyi Dragon sauce is awesome), then take it to the 'grill area' and pick out a starch. (The tofu was very good too!)**TIP: Pile your bowl high, the veggies and meats reduce when they are cooked. The food was very healthy, tasteful, full of flavor, and cooked very nicely. You can watch your food being cooked as well. Prices were a little high, however I would return because the food is quality. For a lunch bowl it was $7.99 and for dinner is was $9.99.  Side note, it was a VERY cold inside, might wanna bring a light jacket.
1	The restaurant seemed nice at first appearance.  Appetizer -chicken potstickers were great.  The bowl size  wasn't too big. It was $9.99 a bowl  (dinner)and make bottom less bowl  ( repeat bowls) was another 4 dollars.  Not  a lot once cooked.  Could have cooked a little longer as broccoli was still completely hard and not even warm.   And the initial bowl is small.  For family of 4, it was expensive  for amount of food.  I was very excited for the restaurant to open up,  but overall  disappointed.  Felt like we rush thru the  entire process and  rushing us out the door.  Won't go again
2	Much like the previous reviewer, we didn't just feel rushed through dinner.  We actually were rushed.  We did not get appetizers as they likely would have arrived after dinner.  I couldn't help but think of Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares as regards the menu and food gathering, "It shouldn't be this bloody complicated or require so much explanation."Don't listen to the staff regarding spices.  We did and the food turned out bland.  They are very protective of the seafood and try various ways of limiting it.  The food was okay but not worth a return trip.  I have never gotten a check so fast ever.  The facility is way too small and too cramped and the layout was done very poorly.The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable but you could tell they are pressured to turn tables quickly.
1	Slop in a bright orange bowl.  If you are craving Chinese food, skip this place.
2	My daughter and I visited for dinner for the first time. This is more of a lunch place than dinner.   The wait staff was very helpful.  But I have to say that I was not impressed with the food and the music was way too loud for my taste.  I thought the meal was a little too pricey for what you get.  I suggest adding more spice than you think you need.  I thought I added enough.  But, my food came out bland. I am not a fan of americanized Asian food. Definitely prefer authentic.
5	Had lunch here and we loved it!!! Service was excellent!!! We where immediately greeted and shown to a table. Our waiter came right over and explained/walked us over to the service area. Very, very nice young man his name was Dannon. Meats,veggies,condiments and sauces where great!!! Dessert and drinks great!!!! Price was reasonable for great service, and a full belly!!!
4	Super,super friendly staff!! It was cool being able to choose raw meats, seasonings, veggies and sauces to be cooked. My 11 year old was excited about picking her own foods as well. I'm on a no carb diet so I had lots of options. Food was cooked perfectly. Flavored well. We will definitely return real soon!!
2	I had no concept of what Genghis Grill was but when they opened in Matthews, I decided to check it out.  It was the first week and I guess everyone else was curious too.  The place is loud - like the cafeteria in a night club loud.  Lots of hard surfaces, tall ceilings, loud tv or music - just noisy.  We didn't have to wait long for a table and was seated in the back.  The kitchen is open and there was a line what I assumed was a salad bar.  It wasn't.  The concept of this place is that you take your bowl, stand in line, and then fill it with as much raw stuff as you want.  Then you hand it over, someone else cooks it, and brings it to you.  For people who know what they want, you might like this...but why.  The concept of a restaurant is to have someone give you a menu of items, you choose what you want, and they prepare it for you.  This place requires a bit of imagination...imagination I don't have.  As a result, my meal was terrible.  No one to blame but myself since I chose the ingredients but if I want to screw up my dinner, I can eat at home.  I took my son hoping there would be something for him as well.  They have the requisite kids items (pizza etc) but he wanted to be like me so he grabbed his bowl and stood in line with me.  Raw meat looks gross - it just does - so he was unimpressed.  He ended up with some imitation crab and an egg in a bowl.  They scrambled his egg and give it back.  Nearly $40 for 3 people to eat and I have to make my own food and if I make it lousy, it's my own fault.  Yeah...no.
4	Went there first time Friday. I like to be served at a restaurant but this way I was able to put what I wanted into my meal. The wait staff are terrific here. I will definitely  be back here !!!!!!
5	Good food ! We enjoyed making our bowls "our way"! Good service. $6.99 bowls coming up all day on 9-18-13!
1	This review is simply from a customer service point of view. They have certain drinks that come in custom Genghis glasses for customers to bring home. As I was leaving with my glass I was rudely approached by a employee that asked for my glass. I handed to him assuming I was in the wrong and I explained the menu said I could take the glass. He said it costs money and my waitress should have told me that. I leave and begin to realize I could have paid for that glass and he should have asked. Also why was he so rude? I called the restaurant shortly after I left and was told they would let their employees know. No apology or explanation. Simply rude.
5	I love this place and the concept... Yes, you should know what flavors work best for you and how to marry them.. But most people do.. It's just a fun concept with choices of exactly what you like!  I highly recommend this place!
5	Top.   Excellent service, food, varity and value!   Loved it!   Kid friendly yet w full bar.
4	Love this place. Think of it as DIY stir fry. Tons of veggies, spices and sauces to choir from to go along with your protein and starch of choice. They also have suggestions for combinations if you don't want to venture out and create your own. It's a laid back atmosphere. Nothing fancy. Just delicious food.
4	The reviews for Genghis are all over the map; not surprising since the place is so out of the ordinary.  No need to go through the descriptions as you will find them in other reviews. All I can say is we really like the place. Just be careful not to over-spice your bowl.
4	Tried this place out for the first time and it was fantastic!  Thanks to my family for the tip.  The meal tasted great and it was relatively healthy and the price was right!
4	This is one of those places where your dish will be as good, or as bad as you make it.  That said, my food was outstanding.  I'll definitely go here again the next time I visit Charlotte.
3	On one hand, it's tough to complain when you make your own stir fry bowl. Genghis Grill offers several meat, vegetable, sauce, seasoning, and starch options, thus completely putting you in the driver's seat. The cooking, however, is subpar. Not bad, not great, but for hungry customers, it suffices.
3	Not as friendly as the Ballantyne location and space is much smaller. Selection of food was great the food was cooked perfect. We did have a challenge with service as we came with a large party and the sever became flustered. It must have been teenager night as everyone working was looking at their phones and standing around talking. Defiantly loved the food and well cooked but service was like I was at a High School concession stand. I love the concept but the location and experience at independence I will not be retuning.  Again food was cooked perfect and the store was very clean but the service turned our celebration sour.
3	Okay but the noodles were over cooked and some of the vegetables were frozen,  not fresh as we would have preferred.  It's worth trying but it wasn't the caliber we were hoping for.  We've gone to a few different build your own wok houses in different areas, and this one was just so-so in comparison.
