4	I know the cakes are raking in the profit, but I don't really care. I could make a cake myself and it could be deformed, or I could go to Patisserie Jacob and buy a really nice cake that I'll enjoy.The cakes in here aren't that expensive considering they are all home made to perfection. From delicious pain au chocolait to chocolate cake with a slice of strawberry on top, Patisserie Jacob have a small but perfect selection of cakey delicacies. They do some nice tarts for under two pounds as well.I was a bit ravenous and stoated in here the other day without thinking about what was displayed in the window. I was disappointed they didn't have any hot food or savouries but then, it is a cake shop. I almost decided to get a chocolate cake for lunch and dessert but opted to save a slice for the latter. It was lovely, as was the woman who served me (who was apologetic despite the fact I made the mistake of thinking they served baguettes). Their kitchen is an astonishing size and gives the shop an industrious feel. Not surprising, considering the amount that goes on in there. This small but intimate business make a lot of big cakes for corporate and personal events, which is worth bearing in mind if you're looking for something different for a special occasion. But for the fact it brings the traditional Patisserie feel to Edinburgh, I like it.
5	Raspberry DanishApricot TartBanoffee PieBaked CheesecakeApple FrangipaniBerry FinancierCustard Tart& Belgian Chocolate CakeLess than twelve months old, Patisserie Jacob is a welcome addition to Edinburgh's cafe and patisserie scene. The food is clearly baked with love and made from fresh and high quality ingredients. Alongside mouthwatering cakes, pastries and cookies, they also sell handcrafted quiches, savoury pastries, mini pizzas and loaves of bread. The foccacia and levain are both pretty yummy but it's the sourdough that's always packed with flavour. The prices at PJ are incredibly reasonable too.
5	Patisserie Jacob is a hidden gem on Gorgie road.  It may be a bit off the beaten track but definitely worth the detour.The cakes are fantastic, and very reasonably priced.  Get there early on Saturday morning if you want choice!  The bread is excellent too.I have not tried the savoury quiches and pies but they do look good.  I am delighted to have such a great place in my neighbourhood.  My sister who was visiting from France certainly approved!Oh, and the staff are very friendly too.
4	Why do I not visit Jacob's more often...? There's no excuse - I live a few metres away and pass it on the way home from the supermarket. The shop smells great, the food is always excellent and they're always up for a chat. (My questions usually focus on the best way to reheat a curry chicken pie, but they also know their cakes and treats.)So if you really need yet another reason to visit Gorgie this will do nicely.
5	I love Patisserie Jacob and that it is evil (not Gluten Free) and still gets five stars is the mark of a truly awesome bakery. Jacob the owner is lovely and has made me GF bread on several occassions and the last visit involved a discussion about the need for some gorgeous GF french patisserie as their window is pure cake porn.  B&B Chez Claire comes with a continental breakfast as I don't do cooking in the morning and friends and family love their Jacobs breakfast - so much so I'm not allowed to return to the parental abode without some a bag full of Jacob's croissants, breads, pies and pastries.
4	Yum. This place is a wee treasure in the outskirts of the city center. Good for those of us who live in this area :) The bread is really good! On some days they have this lovely tomatoe, garlic and olive loaf which you can literally eat on its own. Its so savory and yummy. They also sell these really tasty pizza slices, that have tons of veggies packed on them. You also can't go wrong with all their delectable sweets. Everything fresh baked. My kind of place.
4	I went along to the Haymarket cafe with a friend.  There was a lot to choose from and finally went with the brownie and a cappuccino.Jacobs has a nice corner premises so the seating goes right along the windows.The cappuccino and brownie were delicious. The service was friendly and prompt too.  I would go back too.
