2	Three things you need to know, and that is all. 1. After eating here, I must have drank an entire gallon of water, it was so salty. 2. I had a $2 off coupon for Captain D's and was in a pinch for food one day and decided to stop in real quick for some sustenance. 3. The food was obviously previously frozen and the deep-fried items didn't taste right. (You know that rancid oil taste when you don't change out the deep fryer?) The tile floor was sticky and slick, and tables not wiped down. Overall, I felt greasy and un-clean after eating here.  If you see a Long John Silver's, I'd recommend that over this Cap D's location.
4	Captain D's gets no respect it seems.  As far as "fast food fish" is concerned, CD's happens to be the best bet for "fast food fish". A heckuva lot better than the nasty fish sandwiches you would get at McDonalds, Wendys, Arbys, etc. It's hard to classify it as "fast food" because, much like Zaxbys, it takes awhile for your food to be cooked. The Deluxe Seafood platter is $9 and worth every penny. You get 2 pieces of battered fish, 4 large butterflied shrimp, 2 crab cakes, fries, slaw, and hushpuppies. Now, the portions of the fish seem to vary. Sometimes you will get 2 monstrocities, other times they're on the small side. It's never consistent. (Tip: ask for a side of their honey-mustard to dip the fish in rather than tartar sauce.)The shrimp, hush puppies, and crab cakes are always good but the fries are usually so-so and there's generally so much other food that I don't touch mine. (You can substitute for other sides.) Certain days of the week,(I think mostly Fridays) they have all-you-can-eat specials and they seem to be pretty popular. The clam-strip dinner is very good also.This particular location has improved quite a bit. I should've gotten the manager's name who worked this particular day, because she was very efficient with everything and seemed more involved than the regular employees themselves. Still, this location could use a similar makeover their Matthews location received. It's clean but it looks like it could use an overhaul.Also, Captain D's Vs. Long John Silvers? Hahahaha. Please.At Long John Silvers', it's hard to tell the difference between their fish, jumbo shrimp, and chicken.Your pal,Walter
3	It was a Sunday afternoon and I was craving some fish, so I stopped by this location to try their new special that included fish tenders and fries.The parking lot is a bit of an amusement park of sorts, you can either go around the entire business and park on the hill or behind the business and "drive thru" order board and park there. Needless to say, you should be very careful parking. I walked in and the place was pretty empty, so I was hoping for quick service, ordered the special and then waited....and waited. I hoped that meant they were cooking it up nice and fresh for me. When the order was finally ready, I asked for some condiments, and was on my merry way. I was not WOWed by the service, but hey, she took my order and the food was hot. I agree with previous reviews the food was a little salty, but its pre-frozen fish so I wouldn't expecting anything less. The fish tenders were good, you get four of them in the order and they were crunchy an flaky. The french fries were hot, I just wish there would have been a few more of them! So pretty much, I got exactly what I expected at this location and with the food. A-OK.
1	When I realized we'd be staying closer to Captain D's for the next three days, I was looking forward to it. I love seafood. But this was like going into your enemies house for dinner and ordering from someone who hates you. Shawntee was unbelievably rude and surely. Not to mention unkempt. A shame really. The food was really good and fresh. I would have liked to try their other choices. Because of her I won't be back. There are too many places around here to choose from.
1	We went there wanting seafood, we left feeling discriminated against.We went in and ordered.  We noticed both Caucasian and African Americans guest spread out thru out the diner.  We are Caucasian and Hispanic.  We sat at the booths on the side of the dinner near side parking lot.  We had a view of the entire dinner.  Wait wasn't long for food.  While waiting, we notice a young African American woman worker walking around, asking guests if they needed anything for refills.  Thought that was nice.  Not till after we got our food - we noticed the same worker walking around, with a tray of side items, to guest asking if they wanted another serving of fish.  Then we noticed it was only to African American guest.  Half thru our eating we noticed the same worker with tea offering refills and passed us, as well as the other Caucasian guests, and never offered us anything.  After that, we had enough and decide to finish what we had in our hands and leave.  We will never return to this Captain D's.  This will be sent to someone for further review.  This dinner does not rate a star but had to put one to leave a post.
