4	The Shimmer Cabaret is a small venue with a bar, tableside cocktail service, and a small stage that appears to be clearly visible from all seats.  Seating consists of tiny bistro-style tables surrounded by comfortable, armless chairs.  There is some sense of crowding for people who have more than three to a party, as the chairs are a bit large for the table size.  The small size of the space makes the performances rather intimate, as performers can easily look into the eyes of many members of the audience and have fun with those in the front section.  The bathrooms are not difficult to reach, but we did hear a couple of people talk about getting lost on their way back to the Cabaret.  Overall, a very comfortable space with friendly waitresses and good sight lines to the stage.
2	We saw Dice Clay here in May of 2010. His performance was great but the venue itself was not. The drink service was very slow, they made you buy drinks before the performance, the seating was ackward and the venue itself looks like its getting old. They line you up outside and they see if you have tickets, then you have to wait another line to get in. Two lines to get into the place. This place is in the LV Hilton, where its off the strip and older than Elvis' corpse. So, what do you expect? Five stars?
3	This is a nice and small venue inside the LV Hilton. I went here a couple of nights ago to watch Gilbert Gottfried with a friend; she had free tickets and I'm a bit of a free ticket whore.I like small theaters because of the more intimate atmosphere. The seating seems to be a random setup of standalone chairs and chairs with tiny bistro-esque tables. There probably isn't a bad seat in the house. Cocktail servers constantly roam the floor, so you should never have to wait long if you are in need of some refreshment.After the show ended, they began converting the stage for the next show. It looked to be a live band and they were pretty quick in setting everything up.Obviously, no review would prevent nor encourage you to visit the Shimmer Cabaret. Your decision to go here will solely depend on the act. But if you do, you should have a good view and a nice time.
3	The Shimmer Showroom is home to several Hilton productions.  I came to see Gilbert Gottfried on his last night as part of the "Icons of Comedy" being staged in the theatre.The room is a small venue with plenty of seats.  I was about the last person in line, and I wondered whether we'd all fit downstairs.  We did and there were seats left over.I've always found the staff to be very pleasant.  The usher took me the the third row center area and told me to take any seat I wanted.  It was a good show and a nice venue.  My only problem with the place is the seats are placed awfully close to one another.  Luckily, last night I could leave a seat on either side of me empty, so I had plenty of room.
3	The Shimmer Showroom has an assortment of great entertainers rotating in and out of the theater. I have see several great productions here including Mark Curry, The Schintas (back in the day), Greg London and several other comedians and lounge acts. The theater is pretty intimate and usually not too packed to feel crowded, but full enough not to feel alone. I highly recommend checking this place out. Many of the shows that play in this showroom offer local or free show discounts, so keep your eyes posted.
5	We saw Gilbert Gottfried at the Shimmer Showroom at the Hilton.  Very small venue which was very nice.  I loved the show and the experience.  We bought his dvd and he signed the front of the case.  Gilbert let us take pictures.  I enjoyed the show along with the hospitality of the staff and Mr. Gottfried.
4	Great old school style cabaret/night club, but the place does not do any thing spectacular I think it has more to do with act that is preforming then the venue it self.  Saw the Trent Carlini's Elvis show there which blew our minds. The host was nice enough to move us up to the front of the stage even though we only had general admission seats. The show and the atomosphere were A+.
3	An old-school lounge that was the perfect space to watch an Elvis impersonator.  Small and intimate inside, small stage, large bar in the back.  A bit shabby and dusty and in need of some love... but almost seemed more appropriate than a newly remodeled venue.  Don't expect much.  Except for the overpriced drinks, of course.Not a bad seat in the house, but get in early to have a closer seat if you are general admission.
4	Intimate cafe with comfy chairs and tables.That was my tip, written before I actually saw the show.  And the show was Esteban, who performed his superb classical guitar renditions along with the accompaniment of his daughter, Teresa Joy, on violin.We were seated at a table in the first row above the lower level seats, and it was perfect.  My husband requested this from the usher, since we'd be raised up a little, not be blocked by heads in front of us, and not have to crane our necks to look up.  Not that the last is a huge problem in this theater, because the front-section seats aren't that far below the stage and the stage isn't all that high.  Really, any seat in this theater is just fine.  It is truly an intimate cabaret setting, and when the show is as good as this was, it's a near-perfect experience.My only nit is that they don't let you bring drinks in, so if you want to drink (which we didn't), you have to buy it from the bar at the back of the theater.  If you must drink, know that the back of the ticket offers a 2 -for-1.
4	Cozy little theater located all the way in the back of the LVH Hotel and Casino. I have had the privilege of watching shows like Nunsense, Esteban Music From the Heart, and the After Dark Comedy Show starring Anthony Padilla.The stage is a fairly decent size compared to the ratio of  the theater itself. The chairs are all metal with a small cushion for your backside. Not the most comfortable but will have to do. There is a full bar conveniently located at the back for you drinkers. The ushers here seem to be pretty nice the times I went. Even the waitresses and the bar tender had nice personalities when I interacted with them.Overall, I would say the theater can seat about 100 judging from my perception. I would say it would be a nice place for a romantic get together no matter what show you are watching.
3	The crowd the so small. Football just started. The opening acts were ok. But, they entertained us like we were a full house. But , Anthony Padilla was awesome. Even though our crowd was seriously as big as a classroom. He really focused on the crowd and made everyone laugh. There is a full bar in the back.They also so sit with random people at your table like lost comedy clubs. But, do go see the show!
4	It's a quaint little venue located in the LVH.  Before and after the entertaining show, the side wall is pulled back to see from the casino into the showroom.  Seating is all general admission so the earlier you get there, you'll have your choice of how close you would like to be to the stage.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house since it's a smaller venue.  So you really wouldn't have to get there too early to get seats. Seats..  well not the most comfortable seating but it wasn't too bad.  There are small cocktail tables in place for your drinks which is accommodating.  There is a bar located along the back wall for your enjoyment.  I didn't get anything so I'm not sure how the pricing goes.  Ushers here are very pleasant and helpful.   I'm sure they've seen many different acts come through here and are delighted to be there.  I've seen a great show here and would not hesitate to come back!
2	The venue itself if quite charming.  Quite old school vegas while amenities offer plenty of comforts.However, the two older ushers that work there need to retire.  They are grouchy, rude and should be put out to pasture.On my 2 trips to this showroom I have heard them insult and humiliate a man who was so large he needed a little extra help to be seated and a latino couple who were having a hard time understanding the ushers instructions.There's never a need a need to make people feel bad!  Might be time to consider hanging up you colored blazer and staying home!
5	Anthony Padilla has such a natural talent. Comedy just flows so easily for him, & the way he interacts with his audience to make it hysterical! He's in Vegas and his show is well worth going to.  I could have stayed there all night and listened to him personally address individuals in his audience. He's spontaneous and a lot like improv.  I'll go to his show next time I'm in Vegas for sure! Highly recommend!
5	WOW. Just saw the Las. Vegas Tenors here and I'm speechless.  What a great show.  These 3 guys got this harmony and accapela music together.  They nailed all of the great songs that they sang for us. This show is the best I've seen in quite awhile here in Las Vegas.
3	And the award for most uncomfortable chairs goes to... drumroll, please... SHIMMER CABARET! The god awful seats were all I could think about at first. Luckily, I was seeing MO5AIC and once they came on I forgot all about the the feeling of being jabbed in my back because I was on the edge of my chair the entire time! Many of the seats are next to small cocktail tables, which is nice if you're drinking. A couple of the rows are extremely tight but many have very good leg room. It's a small theater, which gives you a pretty good view of the stage from almost anywhere. There's a bar with some premium liquor options and, naturally, overpriced drinks. Definitely not the worst small theater I've ever been to but if the show were not as captivating it would have been a very painful evening.
4	This is a great venue.  Not too big and not too small.  We saw Puple Reign at their new home in the Shimmer Cabaret.  The show was excellent, as usual.  The Royal VIP tickets for the show I saw are located in an orchestra style pit at the foot of the stage.  The location of these seats seem like you'd be put in a position to look up, just a little too much.  The Regular VIP tickets (at $69 each from online purchase) place you at a position above the "pit people" and at the same level as the stage.  For me, these tickets were the best for seeing the show (an less expensive).  There is a bar inside and if you need to use a restroom, you have to trek across the casino for aways.
