3	Longggggggg waits at the drive thru, food is usually spot on, but when given the ticket to sign when paying with a debit card, you're prompted for a tip.. makes me feel like, tip us or we will lick your panini bread, so i feel guilty and tip $2, they never say thank you! what the heck guys. YOU'RE WELCOME! i rather just go get a slurpee at 7-11
3	The Smoothies are good, but the service is lacking.  Staff was unwilling to make a smoothie that was not on the menu even though all of the flavors were.
4	This smoothie place is pretty good. The location isn't convenient if you're in the north Durango area of Las Vegas. The service is prompt. Price is reasonable for a smoothie. They do offer military discount.
2	I just got a smoothie and wrap. The smoothie is good. As for the wrap I didn't even eat half of it, so I tried to feed it to my dog and my dog said hell no.
5	As a vegan this place totally stepped up its game and it tastes so good! Will eat there a lot more now that I don't just have to eat the hummus veggie wrap haha chicken-free substitute amazing!
5	Service here is awesome and having a fresh smoothie for breakfast is a great way to start your day.... Tropical smoothie is taking Starbucks place in my mornings....
4	Great cafe! I love this store. Everyone is super nice, the store is clean and I never have a problem with my order. I am ecstatic that they now have awesome veggie smoothies!
3	I've never been a smoothie person, opting instead for "real" food over liquid.  However, it's stupid hot in Sin City and the fastest way I know to cool down is to ingest something icy cold.  Since this Tropical Smoothie Cafe is mere minutes away from home, that's where I headed.  I chose the Acai Berry smoothie -- lots of happy antioxidants -- and sucked back as much of it as I could before my brain froze.  Locating shave ice trucks may be a bit more work in the heat, so I'm glad I can refresh myself with a smoothie.  :)
5	This is the only smoothie place I even bother with anymore. I like that Splenda is an option and now that they are starting to incorporate veggie smoothies on their menu, it really hits the spot for breakfast or lunch. Plus, it seems like no time at all before I've filled up my punch card and get a free smoothie. If looking for more than a smoothie, I like their buffalo chicken wrap if I don't care about calories, and their ham and swiss flatbread when I do. ;) As for staff, I've had pretty decent service overall, albeit a bit slow at some locations.
3	I don't know if my order is too complex, but they seem to get at least one of the three things wrong every time, and its different errors each time....they are cheap and fast and right by my work which is probably the only reason I go back...
5	Great service at this place all the time.  They remember my order from previous visits.  Don't be fooled by the name of it being only a smoothie place.  They have great food as well.  I usually like to get the Thai Salad with a Smoothie!!
4	This is my go-to spot when I don't feel like getting out of the car. I usually go here when it's late night and I just want to get something to eat. Sometimes I find myself not even buying a smoothie and that may seem unorthodox, but that's my story. I only gave it four stars because the food not really that great.Nevertheless, tropical smoothie is a great place to get food later at night when there's no other option. It's open 24 hours so unless miraculously you have more than 24 hours in your day, tropical smoothie is THE place to go when it's right down the street from your house.I'll give them credit though. Their cranberry "whatever it's called" sandwich is usually what I get when I'm not really sure what I want to grub on, but it's the best thing since sliced bread. Although, the order itself involves sliced bread so I'm not really sure how that works.okay, I'll give them credit. Get the mango magic if you're in the mood for a smoothie.The end.
4	This tropical smoothie is always clean and it's never too busy at all. My last experience at this one, there was only one employee running everything because the other one hadn't shown up. He was taking care of a busy drive through and orders from customers standing in line. He did a great job though and didn't panic but you could  tell he was obviously stressed. I've noticed there does seem to be a lack of employees at this location compared to others. Other than that, the food is always fresh and I leave satisfied. I would recommend this location if you live near by.
1	Very upset! I came at 4:03pm and they wouldnt give me my happy hour. So tip for anyone that come to this location: do not be even a minute late!!! This is thumbs down :-(
3	Drive-Thru is painstakingly long, bring some patience when visiting this restaurant. Food was accurate and correct change was given, however there was no apology for the 16 minute drive thru time... :/
4	I have no complaints about this tropical smoothie cafe. I'm a regular here as I stop by about twice a week. They have a drive thru which is really convenient. The drive thru is 24hrs as well which is perfect for those late night cravings. Only thing that gets to be a hassle sometimes is the length of the drive thru and wait times. Staff is really friendly and I love the fact that they give a military discount. The military discount seems to be a hit and miss though as sometimes they'll do 10% off and other times they'll do a 20% off. I don't complain though since I know any discount is better then none. Overall great smoothies and food snack items.
2	Caution - the wraps at this location DO NOT look like what is advertised in pictures.I have been a number of Tropical Smoothies and this location by far had the least impressive presentation and quality of food.  I ordered a wrap as I usually do.  The wrap looked like a $2 Taco Bell burrito.  As a matter of fact, a Taco Bell burrito for $2 is a better value than the $7 wrap I ordered from this Tropical Smoothie location.  I expect to receive a wrap that looks good, tastes good and is filling.  When I mentioned to the young lady behind the counter that the wrap does not look like the picture, she replied with, "Things never look like the picture."  I was completely surprised by her answer.  That statement is not accurate.  The other two Tropical Smoothies that I visit do a very fine job of filling the wrap with the ingredients and presenting it nicely.  She said that all items are measured.  She did offer to remake the wrap (that looked more like a burrito).  I asked her if she was happy with the quality of her "work" and if she believed she had presented me with the best wrap she could make.  She said she had.  Additionally she said she was just doing her job and that the wrap was made the way it was supposed to be made.  With that, I chose not to have the wrap remade.  The location was clean with a nice layout.  It had the Tropical Smoothie branding.  The shake we ordered was good.  The wrap was below average and so was the response from the clerk when our concerns were brought to her attention.
1	Very upset! I came at 4:03pm and they wouldnt give me my happy hour. So tip for anyone that come to this location: do not be even a minute late!!! This is thumbs down :-(
4	When you think of franchise restaurants your generally think of places like subway and I wasn't going to try this but heard great review on smoothies. The Order : Thai style salad, not pictured Buffalo chicken wrap and banana mango smoothie and also a strawberry / blue berry mix. The Buffalo Chicken Wrap was amazing one of the best I have had toasted and also chicken was nicely coated with hot sauce. The Thai Style Salad. -- well I liked the dressing however the chicken was warm also subway like processed chicken kinda hard to eat and had to push aside and eat the greens. The smoothies -- Really had a craving today the banana was really great almost at points tasted like pineapple the blue berry one is too. So if your tired of eating mass amounts of pizza, or deep fried food check this place out. I normally don't do franchises however was relatively surprised with this one. They offer delivery service threw grub hub however from what I heard its only credit card option only no cash. and offer military discount.
5	I love this place. It's super nice that they have a drive-thru and the food is consistently delicious. Service is a little slow especially in the drive-thru but it's never too bad and the staff is very friendly. I'm really glad to have them in the neighborhood for a quick and tasty meal.
5	So the owner was very nice to email me about my disappointment with her cafe, she wanted to invite me back with offer of a free smoothie. I went to redeem it today. So thankful for the customer service she had made by emailing me, that I went back to her cafe to get my smoothies. To top it all, her associate Kait was super nice... Greeted me right away and made my smoothie right away while I was still talking with the cashier. Kait also walked my smoothie over and thank for me coming in, she didnt even know that I was there for a specific reason, now that's the ultimate customer service!!
3	Food and smoothies are delicious. My only complaint is the drive-thru is extremely slow.
4	I've been coming to this particular Tropical Smoothie location at least 2-3x a month for the last few years. I love it! They're open 24 hours, so it's always a great time to stop by! The food is consistently good, although average. Sometimes it seems like it's made very quickly which takes away from the quality, but the freshness and flavor usually makes up for that. The smoothies are awesome! I love the Bahama Mamma, because it's fruity with a touch of white chocolate! I could drink those all day long! Second and third favorites are the Sunrise Sunset or Green Smoothies with Splenda (less calories and tastes great)!!
5	Was here for the first time the other night and HOLY OMG... The drive thru attendant official lady girl was a sssssmmmmoooookkkkkiiiinnnn hottie, (despite sounding a little slow/handicap when taking our order) the PG rated beverages she made were to die for. We added liquor to them later and honestly I would suggest doing that for those of drinking age. After annihilating the liquid joy we had ourself the sandwich and that was like riding the highway of loooovvvvveee all over again. Despite having gone through a handful of messy divorces I would gladly take one of those money hungry hateful females I used to call wife here just to purchase one of these delights and them smack it out of their hands to show them exactly what they did to my heart.... Everything here is just that good. Keep up the good work guys and gals. Also, I never voted for Obama, I'm Ross Perot all the way. 143 y'all
5	We have come here for years,  best smoothies in town and always the freshest food.  Love the Flatbreads and sandwiches,  the salads have been a little disappointing for the price so stick to smoothies wraps and Flatbreads :)
3	Drive thru is 24 hours except late nights they're under staff which is really annoying because every time I come here around 11pm or later it always takes about 15-30 minutes to get my order. This has happened 3 times already, to the point where I just put my car on park and the car behind me would turn off their engine. Not sure why they only have 1 girl working at night, there's something wrong with that. Other than that my smoothie was great, just not happy with how slow the service is at night!
