5	Carhops is back! The West Liberty location has moved to Smallman street near Primanti's.They have hoagies, burgers, fries, wings ,salads sandwiches etc. Every hoagie is named after a car. You have two choices in sandwich sizes, coupe - 1ft and sedan - 2ft. They offer cheesesteaks, chicken, reubens and Italian subs.I love their burgers too. All of which are named after Lamborghini's such as the Diablo, Countach, Espada, Muira and Jalpa. My favorite burger is the Jalpa. It consist of a cheeseburger with melted cheddar cheese and bacon and is outstanding! Great fries too!
2	The boss was heading to a diner today for a lunch meeting, and being already tired of my leftovers for the week, my mind starting thinking of diner Reubens, and I had a craving that had to be filled.I googled 'Reubens' and 'Strip District' and a few dining establishments that have vanished from the Strip District, but not from Google, popped up.  The one that was current was the brand new Car Hops, citing 'Reuben' on the menu.   So, since the Strip offerings really are limited when you work there, I decided to go for broke and fulfill the craving while trying out the new place on the block.I had heard a few 'meh' reports from co-workers who tried it once, but was really set on a Reuben.  So I went in, and found it on the menu (at $12.50) and pretty much indeed DID go for 'broke' for a lunch sandwich.  The burly tattooed man behind the counter 'warned' me that it was huge, and I replied with a 'this is a test, we'll see.'When I travel to NYC, say for a long weekend, four out of my six meals will probably be Reubens, because it's the one place (seemingly) on the planet, where you can get a SUPERB Reuben anywhere they serve a Reuben.  I think it's NY law.  And I DO love a good Reuben.I placed the order and paid, and then waited about fifteen minutes, and the gal behind the counter brought it out to me in a styro container in a bag, and I walked it back to the office.  It had a good weight to it, and I was encouraged.I sat it down on my desk, pulled the styro container out of the bag, and popped it open.  It WAS huge...it filled the entire container, and it did look pretty darned good.But then I sat down with my soda and a few paper towels and started eating it.BREAD!!!Rye bread, that was very possibly more than a full inch thick - a kind of Texas Toast thickness...TONS of sauerkraut and thousand island sauce that made it squishy...but a little light on the meat and cheese.  My co-workers had also commented on the bread being a bit too much and the contents being light in what they'd had...why I didn't listen...I don't know.Honestly kids...do NOT try to dupe me with a loaf of bread with no stuffing...I'm hip to the jive.  What was inside that loaf of bread was not worth the $12.50 price tag.This was another FTLT visit.  Although, I must admit - while I waited for the sandwich to be made - someone at a table had ordered cheese fries, and they did look awfully good.  They were real potato fries, but they were smothered in that gooey orangey fakey cheese sauce, which to ME is what sinfully delicious cheese fries are supposed to be all about.I 'might' go back and try the cheese fries - at $3.75 for a healthy sized basket, that might be a worthy splurge lunch.  But I won't be going back for a Reuben - or any other loaf-o-bread sandwich.  You don't eat a Reuben for the rye bread.  It's all about the meat and cheese - with the sauerkraut and thousand island dressing being VERY secondary, only there for flavor.And that goes for any other sandwich - it's all about the filling - not the wrapper.
5	Went to Carhops for first time ever today, never went to West Liberty location. As a downtown homeowner I love ANYPLACE that opens in downtown beause it's my neirbhorhood. Went in and had the reuben. The biggest baddest reuben I've ever seen. Good thick crisp bread, then corned beef piled so high it's amazing. Gooey melted swiss, tangy 1000 Island, thickest reuben I've ever seen. And did I mention how awesome the crispy thick cut rye was? Mmm! Hand cut fries, basic cheese sauce but the fries were plentiful, crispy, and seasoned real nice. Place is very clean, and it's open til' 6pm. Hoping when word gets out how awesome it is their hours will go later at nite. The menu looks amazing can't wait to get back and try a burger. Food also came out very fast, I ordered at 5 and was eating at 5:07.
3	as one other reviewer states,, the steak needs some season..or something..it was an ok sub with real meat..great boardwalk type fries..
4	Other than the food being a little greasy and the decor being unfinished this is a very good hole in the wall. My reuben rocked!!! The bacon cheese fries were an exercise in excess that made me exercise more after eating them! lol
4	I had never even heard of Carhops until I saw a WPXI Just Pay Half deal where I could get 5 $10 gift certificates for $25.  It's no secret that I'm a sandwich lover so I was eager to give this place a try.  During my first visit I learned that they have Pennsylvania Dutch Birch Beer in their fountain which means I'm already in love before I've even tasted a sandwich. With a name like Carhops, it's no surprise that the sandwiches are named after cars.  I haven't tried them all (yet), but I've had the DeVille (cheesesteak), GTO (cheesesteak with bacon), Carhops Special Loaded (cold Italian) and the Super Sport (hot Italian).  The cheesesteak was good, but my favorite is definitely the Italian hoagies because of their hot peppers and relish.  Top a deliciously chewy baguette with some choice meats and cheese and those hot peppers and relish and you have yourself an unbeatable sandwich!  They are available in foot or two-foot long sizes.  I've seen the pizza slices and they look good but I have not yet tried them.Their prices do seem a bit steep and their customer service can be hit or miss.  I think maybe they are still settling in to the new location which is fine.  I just don't know how often I will return once I use up my half off certificates.
3	Cheesesteak was good
1	I've tried nearly every PIzza in Pittsburgh and this was the worst. Grease on cardboard. I think this was the first pizza in my life that I couldn't finnish it was so bad. The man working there was rude as well barking at my "what do you want" and then throwing my change at me. Why eat somewhere so rude and gross when there are dozens of other amazing options on the strip?
4	Visited here twice and liked my meal both times.  The Diablo burger was nicely cooked and seasoned.  Another time I got a half a cheese steak, though I can't recall the name.  I wish I knew the pizza was so good or I would have tried it.  I would definitely return.
4	Now I am a traveled man. I have eaten cheesesteaks in a lot if towns. Sorry guys but I think we all know that this particular sub is the ONE SINGLE THING Philly can ever claim to beat us at. I had Pat's and Geno's and they are on another level hands down. That being said, Carhops makes a damn good cheesesteak. The place is a Cadillac themed hole in the wall down in the strip district. I think its kinda cool; I love divey holes. Caddy grills and rims adorn the walls. Rough booths line the walls.  There is a small bar with a few standard domestic drafts and bottles. This is definitely a sub joint that sells beer rather than the other way around. The steaks themselves are pretty damn good. I often get the GTO (all the subs are named after cars) because the only thing better than a cheesesteak is a cheesesteak with bacon. A big part of what makes their steaks so good isn't just the premium beef they use, but the crusty chewy French bread the subs are served on.  The subs are served in 12" and 24" portions with the 24" running about 20 bucks. For me the subs are a bit pricey but they are some of the best I've had in the burgh so I don't mind all that much. All in Carhops is a damn good cheesesteak joint. They provide an excellent change of pace from Primanti's right around the corner. Head down if you ever want a huge well done cheesesteak.
4	I haven't tried the subs but LOVE their pizza. I moved here from New York and have been supremely disappointed in what locals consider quality pizza. This place has huge slices and pies with tons of flavor. The employees are always friendly and the pizza hot. The best place for pizza in the Strip! The only drawback is they don't deliver.
1	I was the only person in the place.  That should have been a sign.  The took 45 minutes to make 2 slices of very terrible cold, under cooked pizza.  First they said that they burned my first 2 slices.  Then the guys behind the counter proceeded to eat those burnt slices.  Still no food.  I went for lunch, but had to take my slices with me in order to make it back to work on time.  This place is very very dirty.  I am used to eating in the strip, and most places arent the cleanest.  This was unacceptable.  I will not be back.
3	The thing I dislike the most about the Pittsburgh bar/food scene is that after,probably 2 am at the absolute latest, the choices for that after-drinking meal/snack are very slim. Primantis has always been the "go to" place among people I frequently go out with-not because it is tasty (don't get me wrong, a Primanti's sandwich has it's time and place but I'm not an ultimate fan) but because it is centrally located and we know it's open 24/7. My friends and I had always seen Carhops in the strip but had not tried it until this past Saturday-what a mistake to not try carhops sooner! It's less greasy (although not extremely healthy) than Primanti's, more variety than Primanti's (not just sandwiches), and you can eat in or go up to the window. Plus they have pizza by the slice late into the night. I split a foot long Italian sandwich and it was the perfect size to split and not be overly stuffed. The bread seemed like a good quality for a late night sandwich as did all of the ingredients. My other friend had a couple slices of pizza and said it was really tasty. We were all in agreement, the next time late night hunger strikes after last call, Carhops will be the final stop of the night!
