5	So I was finally brave enough to get microdermabrasion n I have to say my skin looks n feels amazing!!!  Now that my 40's are approaching quickly, I realized that taking great care of my skin is sooo important!  A good friend referred me to Dermabella because she is a patient of Dr. Andrea Dempsey.  The esthetician Ashley did such an amazing job that I bought a facil for my hubby during the holidays.  I couldn't believe I got him to go n now he too is hooked!  The atmosphere is so beautiful, the office is easy to find, and they have the most amazing staff!  I am now addicted for life n they will be seeing a lot more of me! :)
5	Fantastic experience! I'm in Vegas every other month for business and have recently found a new favorite spot. I got my first Vi Peel here at Belladerma. I was somewhat educated on the treatment, but upon arriving I learned  so much more. My skin isn't in terrible shape, but minor acne signs and some premature aging from nuking it in the sun. This was hands down the best thing I did while in Vegas (not counting events from the night before).  I can already see improvement! I'll be back!
1	Horrible!!!! If i could rate zero stars i would! Yelp should have rotten tomato icons to rate! Do Not Waste your Time, Money, or Patience on these Uppity, Snooty, UNPROFESSIONAL Staff!!!! These reject Idiots booked an appointment the same day that I called. Ashley, "the aesthetician", called back apologizing for the mistake & explaining their abrupt unavailability. She rescheduled me for 2 days later. She booked an appt for 10:20am then sent an email confirmation for a 10:45am appt. The place was terribly marked...an obvious sign that they r egotistical shows with their Signage. From the main road you see DR. Andrea Dempsey (or whatever her name is) in huge Bold Letters with an itty-bitty bumper-sticker-size Sign on the door at the bottom that reads ...hmm?! That's a BIT ODD! To wrap up this horrible experience...they refused to service me that day after showing up @ 10:57am. After passing the place several times in a HIGHLY patrolled area that no one enjoys driving to! Location Sucks...inside was not a welcoming environment. And she had the Gaul to ask me to reschedule and drive 23 minutes back out there! Get real Skunt! No way I'd allow you to work on me with that mouth & attitude! Obnoxious Ashley...Watch Out!!!This place really tested my Religion!!! Wow! Wow! Wow! And they all laughed in unison as I was leaving with my jaw dropped! They are quite lucky that their property is highly patrolled....careful who you laugh at in this City! You don't know who I know...or what I may be capable of! Fail! Fail! And Fail Harder! You must not be doing to much business considering u can squeeze someone on the schedule in 2 days! Check yourselves!
5	This office is fabulous! Great friendly staff! It's very welcoming to see smiling pleasant faces at place of business. Thank you! Highly recommended! I  Physican Tamika! @LasVegas_Places
5	I absolutely am so thankful for Lisa.  She has given me both hope and results for my skin problems.   The treatment is expensive but the treatments have been well worth it.  Lisa is so knowledgable and pleasant.   I totally trust her and appreciate her willingness and desire to help me.  I have had melasma for many years.  No one has shown an interest in really helping me.  I have been to so many dermatologists and aesthetician  to no avail.   The entire office staff is very good.
5	Walked in and was greeted by a friendly receptionist. i booked a chemical peel and was assigned Staci. Having  never done a peel before, Staci explained the process and made me feel comfortable. She was knowledgeable, professional and I look forward to doing this on a regular basis.
5	Beautiful facility.  I was impressed from the initial walk through the door, but Stacey the Estitician made the appointment perfect.  She was friendly, great smile and welcoming .....even though I had a Groupon.  Great experience.  Other Groupons at other facilities,  in the past .....was not the most friendly encounter when I produced the discount Groupon.  However, Stacey treated me like a full price client. I received a glycolic peel, and it was truly one of the best facial treatments I have received.  Good quality and I will return.  I offered to tip.....as is customary with facial treatments.....but she would NOT accept the tip saying we are a medical facility, we do not accept tips.  Quite a bonus....amazing to see the difference in going to a Medical facility for treatments compaired to a Spa.  Much different experience.  Go to Groupon purchase one for Derma Bella located inside Dr Dempsey Internal Medical facility.  You wont be dissappointed.  Thanks Stacey for being professional, friendly and informative. I also learned that Dr Dempsey is Internal Medicine.  Once again, thanks Stacey!
3	This is in reference to Derma Bella Medical Spa! My mom and I bought Groupons for the chemical peel facials. Ambiance: 4 - Inside, they have updated materials and it looks very clean and high-end. Well, it IS supposed to be super clean since it's a medical facility *ahem*. Service: 3 - The woman that worked on our facials had very practiced hands that she used to massage chemicals into our faces! All of the staff was polite, but they didn't talk very much at all. And like a doctor's office, they make you fill out forms and wait a while. Spa Treatment: 3 - The facial massage part was very relaxing and nice. The actual chemical peel was pretty itchy. It ranges in itchiness, depending on how sensitive you are to pain. They said that our faces would peel off the dead skin in the next few days, but it never actually did. So, we're not truly sure if it actually worked or if we just have tough, leather skin haha! You probably need multiple peels to make a huge difference.The only thing I noticed was that my blackheads were sort of lighter. Also, my skin is a bit softer, but at the same time, more prone to acne and blemishes. I guess it could be worth 2 or 3 tries if you really like the result or if it truly made a difference in your skin!
