5	I just had Real Fast do 2 windshields for me today. I was very surprised that he was actually early for our appointment, so that scored points right away. Both vehicles were done quickly, and the price was very reasonable. I hire installers at least 10X a month, so I will definitely be using them again.
5	I had real fast auto glass come out to Tempe from Mesa to do the windshield on my wifes car, they did a fantastic job worked with my insurance and my wife said they called when they said they would and showed up on time! plus they gave me $100 restaurant gift card for getting my windshield replaced and the gift card actually worked! no gimmicks just good quality service a great small business I'm a  REAL FAST AUTO GLASS CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!
5	I was driving down the road behind a semi truck and it threw a large rock and cracked my window right in my line of vision! I called real fast auto glass, they handled everything with my insurance so I didn't have to and they came to my house the same day! They were very polite and professional.  They got the job done quick and did an amazing job! They also gave me $50 cash and a free tint strip on my front windshield! I will defiantly be doing business with them again and will be referring them to all of my family and friends!
5	Contacted Real Fast... about tiniting the windows in my new car.  Joe and his guys price was much less then the dealership and I was very happy with the results.We noticed some to the tint peeling up and Joe's guy came right out and resolved the issue.Very good service.
5	Two days before leaving on a road trip I got 2 rock chips in addition to the 2 I already had!  I was getting ready to leave work and found this company with great reviews on Yelp, but thought they would be close to closing for the day.  I called and Joe said he could have someone out to my house before 8 pm.He made it to my place 15 minutes early!  Fixed the 3 tiny ones and one starred chip, then found a 5th!  Yes, he fixed that too!  Prices were better than anywhere else I have ever heard of, and the service was exceptional! I will be back, and will recommend to all I know!  None of the chips have spread or starred in the month since he came out.Thanks Joe!
5	Contacted Joe to get a quote for a windshield replacement and chip repair on two vehicles. I had been calling around for prices and he had the best price by far! Plus, he sounded like he actually wants to help you unlike some other companies I had called. Between his great price and attitude I told him it was a deal and asked when he could come out. I told him I had to do it on a Monday or Tuesday since it was the only time both cars were at the house. He offered to come out that night (monday night) with out hesitation even though it meant being out late and in the dark! Joe showed up and quickly took care of the windshield replacement and the repair. He knew exactly what he was doing and I felt confident in his ability. The windshields look great and I will definitely be going back to him for further windshield needs. Thanks Joe!
5	Called Joe the owner of Real Fast Auto Glass on late Thursday and set up a replacement time the next day at 9 AM.  He was delayed in traffic but courteously called to say he would be a half hour late which was accurate.  He replaced the original broken windshield on a 16 year old SUV that was a very difficult removal.  I watched the process and can say that he is neat, careful, clean, professional and efficient in how he works.  All in all a most pleasant encounter with a young businessman who takes pride in the value and quality of his workmanship.  His pricing is far better than his competition and he is fantastic about dealing with auto insurance.  I am a retiree who is perfectionistic about my vehicles.  Real Fast Auto Glass  will be at the top of my list if I should need another window repair or replacement.
5	This is a mobile only service. Still half the price of Safelight. Fast and friendly service and warranties chip repair FREE for the life of the windshield. Took 30 minutes. This is my goto from now on.
5	It's not very often that i find a business that deserves a 5 stars, this one does. When I spoke to Joe the owner, he was friendly,and service oriented. He asked if I would like it repaired today. I said yes. He showed up within 3 hours replaced the window in less than an hour. He pointed out the poor workmanship on the old windshield  caused the window to crack. His price was a 60.00 less than the best rate I could get through my insurance company. I did not have glass coverage. It was  a great customer service experience
5	So I'm not really sure who you are going to for auto glass...but if it is anyone else besides Real Fast, shame...shame on you.Pricing is phenomenal and Joe or his guys come straight to you. So...you don't have to go anywhere...or sit for an hour at a shop...they come on your time. Yep, I said it. They schedule time to come out to you.The owner (mentioned above) really cares about his business and will do anything it takes to make his customer happy. I guess you can say...I'm a "lifer"! Oh yeah...and the truck that came out to fix my windshield was this crazy lifted wrapped truck too. Coolest truck I've ever seen. Just a side note for you truck lovers out there.
5	I called Joe @ Real Fast Auto Glass on Friday morning to schedule an appointment to have my windshield replaced. I assumed being such late notice he wouldn't be able to get out to me until after the weekend but I was definitely wrong. Saturday morning, bright and early, was Joe knocking at my door trying to wake me up. I also wanted my entire windshield tinted and he had absolutely no problem getting this done for me at an amazing price ($50 less than competitors). 9:00 AM - Joe knocking on my door9:15 AM - Me waking up because I forgot I made this appointment (it was my birthday on Friday so cut me some slack here!)9:50 AM - Joe knocking on my door again - DONE!Joe's amazing service, professionalism, and dedication to his business is nothing short of perfect. It's too bad Joe doesn't cook burgers, clean houses, or babysit because he would be my #1 contact.
5	I saw the truck driving down the 60 and admired the lift.  I needed windshield repair and called for a quote.  Joe showed up withing 45 minutes after calling.  Fast, speedy and friendly.  Took the time to explain what a proper install looks like.  Class A guys.  Not to mention the best price out of all the quotes! Going with these guys was the best choice!  If and when my windshield cracks on my other vehicles, I will be calling Real Fast!
5	Just had my windshield replaced by this company.  I experienced wonderful customer service.  Joe is the one who came out to replace the windshield.  The phone calls were professional and friendly.  When Joe arrived, he did not realize that the new windshield he had for me had some nicks in it.  It must have bumped one of the other windows.  He called and advised me that he would have to leave to go get another one.  He wasn't gone long and he was able to replace the windshield in a timely manner.  I love that they will come to your location of choice saving you from having to take time off from work.  I would highly recommend Real Fast Auto Glass.  I will def. use this company again.
5	Giving this company five stars is a no-brainer, especially with people like Joe working for them. I had Joe help me when my brand new mustang was nailed by a rock on the 51. He moved mountains to get my windshield replaced in a timely and convenient manner. Not only is he a perfectionist, but he has a great attitude and does the job with a smile. I had also called around to a few other companies in the area, and Real Fast Auto Glass had the best price I could find by far. I hope my new windshield doesn't get cracked again, but if it does, my first call will be to this company!
5	Needed to replace my windshield after Safelite came out to repair a chip and the entire windshield ended up cracking (Safelite did a poor job on repairing a chip on two of our cars windshields). Talked to Joe on the phone who was very nice and professional. There was some issues on their end coming out on time but Joe handled the situation accordingly and professionally. It took about an hour to replace however they come out to you which is very convenient. Would definitely recommend.
5	Best service for windshield repair I've ever had. My husband and I are now fans Joe was polite and professional . He did the job quickly  and even took the time to scrape goo off the vin number for me.great same day service!
2	Let me start off by saying that I really, really, really had much higher hopes for this company as I found them here on Yelp and saw nothing but 5-star reviews.  We needed a windshield on one of our company vehicles replaced.I called on a Thursday and spoke with Joe.  He seemed very eager to accommodate our busy schedule and I was grateful for that.  Joe stated that he had the windshield we needed and could have a 6" tint strip installed before they arrived for an additional $15.00.  Sold.  He set an appointment for Saturday at 10:00 am.  Saturday morning, no one showed up.  We received a call from Joe later in the afternoon stating that he was having brake issues with his work truck.  I completely understood and wouldn't want anyone to be put at risk for the sake of replacing a windshield.  We agreed to reschedule for the following week after his truck was safe to drive.I believe it was a Tuesday evening that we rescheduled for, and I even gave him a 2 hour window to work with (5:00--7:00) because he was coming from Mesa.  I thought, "Surely he will redeem himself."  According to the owner of my company, Joe showed up after 7:00 without the tint strip installed on the windshield.  He did offer to reduce the price of the windshield for the missing tint, but that only meant that we'd have to find and install the strip ourselves.  Joe also stated that we "never requested a tint strip..."  Overall, I was very disappointed with this company.  The reason I gave two stars is because he had the best prices of anyone that I had called, but I guess you get what you pay for.  I'd much rather pay a little more and have my time treated as though it was valuable and get what I was promised.
5	Joe facilitated the authorization with our insurance company and replaced our original '95 Volvo windshield in our garage with Sekurit OEM glass at the appointed time. He transferred the parking stickers we had on the old windshield. We relied on all of the 5 star reviews and are glad that we did.  We will not hesitate to use him for future replacements!  You will be pleased with the service-- Thanks Joe!
5	AMAZING JOB AND VERRRRRRYYYYYY PROFESIONAL. ... I'm very busy with work travel out of state. Joe did an amazing job by working with me and my crazy schedule. They showed up on time and did a great job. Also I looked around and called all the other companies and they still gave me a better deal....
4	My windshield replacement process was seamless, easy and fast. Joe was polite, clean, arrived on time, informative and helpful when dealing with my insurance company. There are many companies in the valley to choose from so choose carefully and do your homework! Real Fast Auto Glass won't disappoint!
5	I didn't even get a windshield from Joe, but wanted to give him another 5 star review based on our interaction.  My wife's windshield was cracked on Wednesday, and the company I'm working with has had some bad glass come in.  They've stated they can get some more Monday, which I'm still waiting on, but wanted to see if someone else could get any.  Joe had called back and left a message during my initial round of inquiries a few days ago, so I called back today.  He quickly determined there wasn't any generic replacement available and the dealer glass was the only one he could get a hold of.  His price on that was 3% less on the original company I'm still working with, but without any generic available I'm holding out hope for Monday.  With the price difference between the generic and the dealership Joe even offered to hold a post-dated check for the difference, which I also appreciated, but for now am not accepting.  Kudos to Joe for being quick, efficient, friendly, and honest today!
5	My windshield was cracked fairly severely after driving from the Southeast to the Southwest, and I needed it fixed quickly. Joe met me at my house and put on the new windshield the same day I called. He even spent extra time removing some of the rust was had accumulated under my old windshield for no extra charge. The price was about what I had expected. In short, great, fast, reasonably priced service. Highly recommend!
5	Real fast auto glass was absolutely wonderful. I called them, frustrated with safelite's service and the owner joe himself came to my rescue. I live in Vegas and was in mesa visiting family. I can't wait until you have a branch in las vegas! Such an honest family company. Just a 26 year old working hard to expand but maintain outstanding customer service. Thanks so much joe, not only were you speedy, but genuine, knowledgable, and personable. I absolutely recommend this company to anyone whether it be a chip in the window ( such as mine) or a full blown replacement, I wouldn't trust anyone else with my car's glass in the grueling desert heat!
4	Getting ahold of him a little tough. His voice mail was full. Finally got ahold of him. So far so good. Will keep you posted.
5	Just had Real Fast Glass do my rear window on my f150.  Joe is tough to get a hold of on the phone and you can't leave a message since his voice mail is full... That was frustrating.   His business hours are also not necessarily true.   Plan on 8-5 Monday - Friday.  I kept calling because of all the good reviews on yelp and the yelp deals he is running. Once I got in touch with them things went smoothly. Joe gave me a time window when to expect him (same day) and got the window off and re-sealed and installed it.  He did a very clean job and was thorough with his work.  He explained why the window was leaking and did a couple things extra to make it right and safeguard beyond factory requirements.  What I liked best is that he showed me what was wrong and explained how he made it better.Considering my experience as a whole I would recommend these guys to anyone in their area. PS- called Safelight Auto Glass and they told me I had to replace the whole window....  Everyone else said that was not necessary.  Replacement would have been more than double the cost!!!
5	Someone broke into my car and I needed my driver side window replaced. I called a dozen different companies and these guys were the cheapest, fastest, most professional, friendly and knowledgable. I highly recommend Real Fast Glass to everyone. Also please do not forget to tip these hard working guys, they deserve it!!
5	Retuned my call right away, scheduled me same day and the price was very reasonable.
