4	I woke from a drunken stupor not knowing where I was & how I got here.  The last thing I remember seeing prior to the temporary shut down of my eyelids was Blue Martini and the next thing I know, I ended up in the Philippines!  This place had all the makings of a typical Filipino disco lounge...the flowing San Miguel Beer, Filipino servers speaking Tagalog, and Karaoke!  We sat in the patio to get away from the interesting music selections by one of the restaurant patrons and because it was nice to be out there soaking up the mild summer heat.  The menu was a little blurry because the alcohol was starting to kick in a bit so all I could remember were the pretty steep prices & large selection of items.  I was a little disappointed that some of the entrees didn't come with rice because...well...Filipinos eat practically everything with rice!  Hearing "no sorry ma'am it doesn't come with rice" immediately snapped me out of my lethargic state and I almost keeled over in my seat.  I ended up ordering the topsilog (tocino w/ 2 fried eggs served over garlic fried rice) because of this.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or if I just didn't have high expectations but it was the best Topsilog I've ever had in my 26 years of existence!  The sizzling Sisig platter that the BF ordered was also just as good.  Who would've thought that the one of best Filipino food restaurants could be found slightly off the strip?!!  This will definitely be a a required stop the next time I'm in town...especially since I have yet to try the drinks there & the assortment of Pancit & desserts!!
3	Hey Hey second review coming from someone who was completely sober. (soberness declined the longer i stayed...)Three StarsWent on the 'Wet T-Shirt' Night. They advertised that the event would start at 11, we left at 1 and the girls didn't even put T-Shirts on the DJ WOULD NOT STFU i was about to rally a majority of the guys to put money together so we can pay the DJ to STFU. Tuesdays is "Ladies Night" the advantage is free shots for the ladies and 1dollar guy's shots. People, these shots DO NOT come from the bar, you have to flag down one of the waitresses to get these shots and of the available waitresses...none of them carried bottles for shots...The bar area and the outside area are free for all, meaning you're either standing or fighting over the seats. A table is a 100 dollars for standard 200 for large table. The bar is off the hinges, Ryan, the bartender, isn't Filipino but the man can multitask and his proportions from booze to mixer is VERY high quality. Food is amazing too, garlic fried rice is just...well i was like NOM NOM NOM to my plate. Had huge hunks of breathe fouling garlic, with out a doubt the best thing on that combo plate i orderedWould come back to this place because of the food, but as far as the events, they'll milk as much of the glory as they can before they bring up their side of the bargain.
4	Gimik da lounge is the funniest pinoy boy restaurant that i've ever been to. It's more like a local lounge and restaurant for the locals there in Vegas. So when we arrived at the door, there was a greeter, I forgot his name (I was too intoxicated to remember). I'll call him tito boy. I don't know what his position is on this establishment but here are the things that he did to make our visit so unforgetful:Tito Boy greeted us at the doorTito Boy sitted usTito Boy took our orderTito Boy killed the cows from the farm, made the chicken lay eggs and cooked it for us.Tito Boy served us the foodTito Boy took photos of us (Don't ask me why, For the weekly email events?)Tito Boy Gave us the check AND BETTER yet:Tito Boy was also DJ at the same time. hahahI wanna be like him, he's my idol. I love this place, they also serve Red horse beer. Yee!
3	Good little dive lounge tucked away in a huge strip mall just off the strip.  Fast service even though the live band was atrocious and louder than Stoney's on friggin' ladies night :)  Filipino food was quite good and the fried fares were also pleasing to the palate.Chicken FingersCalamariFilipino Shi Shi (PorK) w/white riceAll Good!
4	Feels like i'm back in the PI when i walk into this joint. I've been here a couple times and enjoyed it most when the house band was playing. They do cover songs and take requests, the other yelp reviewer was right though, if the volume scale was from 1-10 they'd be at an 11. haha. Service: The bartender is really attentive, which is cool because he's the only one there. The drinks are strong and very reasonably priced. Mixed drinks and shot can be had for $6-8. The waitresses that serve the food are friendly, and are always around to check on their patrons. Food: just like back home. Their Sisig Lechon is the bees knees. The garlic rice is perfect. The chicharon bulaklak is warm and crispy, perfect with the side of vinegar they give you. These 3 dishes were enough to feed 3 hungry dudes, and it was reasonably priced at about $30 for all of it after tax. Misc: The place is kinda small, but there is a small lounge room with a disco ball and stripper pole. Kinda cool. To escape the overbearing sound of the band, try sitting outside, but beware if you don't like second hand smoke. Oh, they have Red Horse here!Overall, this is a nice chill spot to go if you're missing Pinas. Its easy on the wallet, and if you're here with friends its a good place to drink, eat, and listen to music.
4	Best place to eat sinigang! hands down! and a stripper pole and karaoke?! what what in the butt! lol! If you want to get away from the club scene and just eat/drink/sing this is the place to go! and have a little kick out of people singing, feels like I was in the PI in LV.
4	Gimik is a really fun place. I'm not Filipino myself but it didn't stop everyone from speaking tagalog to me lol! The staff and crowd there are some of the friendliest, wildest, and craziest people I've ever met! My girlfriend took me to this place and I have to say that I really got an introduction to what party animals really are here. All in all, a really fun place to cap off the night with.
