5	Family-run La Ruche opened its doors in August 2013, at the bustling intersection of Mont-Royal and Parc Avenue. It's a spacious, sunny location expertly decorated in white tile, honeycomb mosaics, and beautiful wood. The honeycomb theme extends to the pastry counter, where fresh-made delicacies are tucked in honeycomb-shaped wooden shelves. La Ruche opens bright and early (7 AM), providing locals with an excellent option for fresh-baked goods and coffee. Everything is made on the spot. You can order your coffee directly from a window located on the Mont-Royal side of La Ruche, or wander in to study the pastry counter, satisfy your sweet tooth, and munch in the store while watching the Parc Avenue traffic roll by.  My fave offering at La Ruche thus far? Fresh, oozing, delectable honeycomb pieces served to you directly from a beehive screen on the counter. According to the staff, the honeycomb screens are sourced from hives located in Northern Quebec. Amazing!
4	I was so excited when I saw something was opening on the North West corner of Parc and Mont-Royal.  While I will always remember this as the location of a Macdonalds back when I was a teen, since then it has had several different businesses set up only to shutter a short time later.  Hopefully La Ruche beats the odds and sticks it out, because it's great having a nice business back on this corner, even better when it's one that serves delicious baked goods and beverages.The space is really beautiful, full of wood and stainless steel and honeycomb patterns.  You can even watch the different food items being prepared from behind a window.  The counter set up gets a little confusing when there are lots of people in line, but that's because there are so many different pastries, you'll want to look at all of them before settling.So onto the pastries: so far I've only sampled a turnover, but that was a damn good turnover!  There are all kinds of goodies tempting me to return: cakes, croissants, turnovers, breads, cookies, etc.  On Saturday morning I popped in for a coffee, and there were these delicious looking muffin cup egg concoctions begging to be consumed.Moving along to the beverages: they really do have a full selection of beverages, caffeinated and non.  The hot chocolate really stood out to me: it was the perfect combination of quality and price.  The latte I had on another visit left a bit to be desired.  It wasn't bad, I just find I make better at home, though perhaps I prefer the beans I use.  I'll have to investigate the bean situation on future visits (because there WILL be future visits, I've got pastries to sample).
4	if there was such a thing as bears in montreal, they'd be spending all their time here!a shop that offers fresh honey, every day? that sounds like a sure winner and it is. i've only sampled their danish and beef tongues, both were great. fresh and you can taste the honey.coffee is not their forte though. it's ok but it does the job when you're making a winnie the pooh out of yourself. who knew bee vomit would be that addicting eh?grab a bite, sit at one of their uneven tables while listening to 80-90s songs they are playing or stand up and peek at the window kitchen watching them work their magic. way better than watching the incoming traffichopefully, the death zone will not claim another business. the neighborhood definitely needs more bright spots like this one
5	LOVE this place!  We visited Montreal this weekend and we were staying 1/2 block from La Ruche, we were just looking for some croissants and coffee one morning and decided to pop in there because it was close and easy....BEST DECISION EVER!!!  We went back the next morning.  We ordered Latte with their house made Caramel Sauce, a breakfast croissant with ham, cheese and a poached egg and a cheese croissant togo.  EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS! The coffee, the espresso was rich, smokey and sweet, the milk was steamed to perfection with beautiful latte art and the house made caramel was sweet and rich without being too sweet or too rich!  The egg croissant was sweet and savory.  The pastry was flaky, buttery and soft and the egg was cooked perfectly! Later we snacked on the Cheese Croissant and it was so great!  We went back the next morning and everything was just as wonderful!!  I would actually go back to Montreal just to go to this Patisserie! LOVE!!!!
4	A very good surprise near the Tam-tams part of Mont Royal ParkThey have a very nice selection of pastries and confectioneries (and by that I mean you'll have a hard time picking what you want). Get a coffee or something similar to accompany.
5	This place is AMAZING!  We were walking back to our hotel and on a whim decided to stop in and check it out.  Best decision ever.  Everything we tried was absolutely delicious.  They have a large and interesting selection, everything is homemade, and the staff is lovely.  I wish I was local; I would definitely be a regular!
