3	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so last Saturday night as my bff and I searched for a restaurant close to home, we decided to give it a try. We called at around 6 for 7:30 reservations and were told that it wouldn't be a problem but that we might have to wait 10-15mins for our table. It was full when we got there but after the promised 10mins we were seated. The decor feels like upscale chain restaurant for lack of a better desciption - everything is nice, modern and "chic" but the place is too big to have a really upscale restaurant feel to it. The menu is 1 page but with plenty of options and intriguing choices - we had a hard time deciding what we were in the mood for! In the end, we decided the appetizers all looked too good to pass up and decided to share a few of those. We had heard great things about the LIL BIG MAKS  which were supposed to be mini burgers with the elusive McD's big mac sauce. They were adorable, 3 mini burgers  served with a mini container of spiced matchstick fries, and delicious with very fresh ingredients and a generous piece of meat. The sauce wasn't exactly big mac sauce but it was definitely good! We also couldn't resist the LOBSTER POGOS (I have a weakness for all things pogo!) They were 3 very generously-sized pogos served with lemon dill aioli. They were delicious - with slightly sweet batter that went very well with the lemon dill aioli dipping sauce. The lobster flavour wasn't very pronounced but very fresh. Our last choice was the BACON CHEDDER CROQUETTES which were a bit of a miss after the other 2 dishes. They were overly crispy and overly heavy and the bacon was a bit too smoky and overpowering. The serving was very generous - about 6 decently sized croquettes. We were sadly too full for dessert but their options looked tasty and we have to go back to try the deep fried oreos!Prices were moderate - 3 shared appetizers and 2 glasses of wine came to about 85$ with tax and tip - but the portions and glasses were very generous and filling. Our waiter was adorable - very plesant and helpful. If you're in Laval, give it a try....its definitely better than a lot of the other chain restaurants in the area!
2	I did not understand this place. The food was ok and really chic. However the prices are Crazy with a capital "C".  It's not a place to bring the kids, and its a very bad idea to even think about it. A family was sitting next to me, and the kids were driving me crazy. If you get a family next to you RUN. The decor is less then impressive and lack imagination. The service is dreadful. The waiters expect a 25% tip, and have attitude that they can not control, it was weird and I did not expect that. Could of been that night, or just that waiter, but its not a place I would return to soon.
3	Over priced for the greasy food... Very nice service by the waitresses hence the 3 star rating
4	We went with my boyfriends' parents who were visiting us - they are from Western Europe. We went also with our 3 year old daughter. It was during lunch hour. We loved the food, my parents-in-law fell in love with the braised beef. My daughter had the mini-burger & fries, absolutely cute meal. The service was very friendly, the decor was OK, we had a great time at this restaurant. A little pricey though. The place was also empty when we went so I fell like a lack of atmosphere.
4	My sis took me to Table 51 with my 2 nephews. The place has a really fun vibe. Our waiter was very attentive and the food was really good. We shared the Lil Big Mack's, they have the Big Mac down to the tee. Nothing like the taste of a big mac, they came with a mini side of match stick fries.My sister ordered for me, it was a carnita sandwich with a side of slaw.This was the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had in Canada. The meat was moist, tender, and seasoned perfectly. The slaw was creamy and tangy.My sister had a Ruben sandwich, with fries and a side of mini pickles in a small jar.This too was very yummy, but still preferred the carnita. I think the Ruben could have been more tender.My nephew had a Mac n Cheese, which I have to say was so fresh and I would go there and just order that and be satisfied.  Loved it.We also had a Lychee Martini that was way to strong for me and my last encounter with a martini ended with me getting acquainted with porcelain. All in all it was really good and would recommend this place to anyone. Just be aware that it is pricy but once in a while you gotta spend some money for something different.
2	I attended a benefit dinner tonight I was looking forward to the food, what a disaster. The smells in the air really threw me for a curve. Then the food arrived, I've never had a fish dish that STUNK so bad. That wasn't the end of it ,the porc dish was tough &dry. Looked great on the plate but that's all she wrote. Positive points, service was great except for one waitress who did not know what to do when I said I was Allergic to shellfish. Although another staff member quickly corrected the issue.  All show no go. It was my second time here first time was better but they could not get medium rare right so I just ate the filet mignon, it was medium well. The place is busy someone must be satisfied or maybe its the ambience which I enjoyed , the staff is super friendly . Probably the friendliest I've experienced in a long time. It was a set menu, that tried to hard and failed. Third time's a charm
4	I went to Table 51 tonight with some family and friends from the area. I was very pleased. I had the beef tartare for starters, and then decided to have the beef braised poutine as my meal. So so happy, with both dishes. Tartare was so tender and flavorful (I have to get tartare when visiting Quebec). And the poutine was delicious, topped with really tender braised beef. Gourmet poutine! (I may have to try the place in Montreal known for fois gras poutine.)
4	This review is a bit old, so my memory wavers.My wife and I went to Table 51 and I ordered the house specialty... the Braised Beef. The braised beef is a slow-cooked good portion of meat served on the bone in a deep plate with grelot potatoes and carrots in a delicious sauce. The braised beef was simply out of this world and something I have never tasted previously. I truly recommend trying it out yourself.For dessert my wife ordered the fried Oreos. I already had my fill with the excellent braised beef but curiosity got the better of me and I tried a few.... it was delicious and fought my wife to get my due share! LOL!As far as decor goes, if you enjoy retro-styled 60s cafeteria-like ambiance then this is the place for you. I don't recommend this place for romance as it was really noisy and lacked intimacy. The seating isn't particularly comfortable.The service was more than adequate and the price range was expensive but completely worth it.
4	My life is at steak here!I don't eat meat normally but I came here for my boyfriend's Christmas staff party so I decided to throw all caution to the wind and indulge in a meat fest. It was totally worth it on every level, even to the part where the bar maids were totally dumb about our drink orders, I would definitely go back to:1) act very pretentious and pretend I am a rich member of the 450 2) mini big macs (yes and it is the greatest thing ever)3) deep fried oreo cookies. It is true. They exist. And so do leprechauns and unicorns.
4	They make some delicious upscale pub-grub in a fine-dining environment. The poutine with braised beef starter is too large even if you split it for 2 but insanely awesome. Their steak, while it doesn't compete with Chophouse standards is very good and definitely worth revisiting and their famous braised beef is equally delicious.The Red Velvet Cake was ridiculously good. I could of had a second piece.
