2	PT's is a very basic bar chain in Las Vegas.  Nothing exciting.This particular place had karaoke going on the night in question, and it was way too loud.  The service was bad, but that's because they had just one bartender working on a Saturday night.  The prices are cheaper than you'll find elsewhere because it's a neighborhood bar.  About 3 or 4 bucks for a beer.  I can live with that.
2	PT's Pub is a chain in Vegas. Some are nicer, MUCH nicer than others. This one, not so much.The bartender was cool, but that's about it. The clientele is a little sketchy, and the place needs to be updated really bad.Food/drinks: 3Ambience: 1Service: 4Value: 2
3	This is probably one of the PT's that's scariest in town.Given it's location by the 95 and Trop., it's kind of scary to go to after hours.Nothing beats PT's happy hour after 12:00 a.m. The bartender was nice but nit very fast.And they have shuffle board here!The bathroom was decent for a bar.
5	PT's is a franchise in the Las Vegas area.  There is a PT's on virtually every corner of this town.  Having said that, this particular bar has my undying loyalty.  This bar is where I go for a relatively quiet beer.  It's a great place to go after a long day.  The beer is relatively cheap, especially by Las Vegas standards.  The food is great.  In fact, the wings are on par with Buffalo Wild Wings in terms of quality as well as price.  The atmosphere is what you make it.  If you want to saddle up to the bar and tie one on quietly, it's easy to do.  But if you want to play pool, darts, sit at a couch in a lounge-esque environment, then you are still in the right place.  Thursdays are great for karaoke.  If you feel the compulsion to get up and show off, feel free.  If the need to silently heckle the drunken warbling of fellow patrons overtakes you, then the venue is large enough to whisper jokes to your friends.  The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and, frankly, fun to be around.  Even when the place is busy, they make patrons feel as though they are the only people in the bar.  They listen to your stories, but be prepared for competitively entertaining stories from them.  This is my Zen place.  This is, and will always be, where I go to unwind and relax with friends.  There's something for everyone.  The beer selection and the drink list are acceptable, to say the least, especially considering prices.  This is a great place to come and drink.  It's also a great place to go for a evening full of stories and shenanigans.
5	Buckets 'O Amazing...that's all I have to say.  They have buckets o burgers, buckets o fries, buckets o tots....it's basically buckets o fun! haha!  and buckets o tasty...and finally buckets o cheap!  I don't live in Vegas, but you may as well call me a local.  This burger/pub food chain is perfect for that greasy burger fix.  They are all over vegas, so it is so easy to visit them.  Also, since it is a local joint, forget about long lines and a pricey menu.  The last time I was there, our party of 4 was out within 1 hour, completely stuffed and satisfied for about $10/person.  Oh, PT's thank you for consistently being awesome!
3	80s karaoke night is what saved this location. The half-price shots and beer after midnight helped too. But otherwise, the bartenders weren't particularly attentive, they don't serve food, there are only two stalls in the girls bathroom, it's not exactly the nicest area, etc., etc. But hey, they've got karaoke.
1	Tonight I was craving a burger and a little bourbon. I did a search near my apartment and saw there was a PT's. I didn't have major hopes but PT's is known for having a good burger so I thought why not. I go into this location and it's old old old. The place REEKS and is dark. I over look that part and find a table near the bar. Of course there is a dirty ashtray and no chair so after I move the ashtray and get a chair at the bar. I sit down. The bartender comes to the end of the bar (doesn't even come out from behind it) and hollers over at me, "What you drinking?" I ask her what some of her better bourbons are. She begins to mumble and babble about everything except bourbon. First she starts with Wild Turkey. I point out that that isn't bourbon but Canadian whiskey. She then babbles about a couple of other strange flavored whiskey. I tell her that that's ok and I get up to go look at their bar selection. Immediately I notice Bullit. I have a better feeling but am wondering why she had droned on about other things when there was Bulleit sitting right there.I order a Bulleit on the rocks and ask for a menu. She quickly tells me that the only food they have are "personal pizzas" and something else but I had stopped listening. I asked her, "Isn't PT's known for their burgers." She mumbles something about how that location doesn't have a working kitchen. Of course that means I was probably being offered a frozen pizza cooked in what amounted to a microwave or toaster oven. Gee, thanks. I told her to cancel the bourbon and I got my stuff and left. On the way out some jerk at the bar made a rude comment, which only help solidify that this place is crap.I'm sorry but in a city like Las Vegas, I am appalled at an establishment that (1) Has such crappy staff that they can't even answer an easy questions like, "What bourbons do you have?" and (2) Is so ridiculous that you don't have a working kitchen but offer some frozen crap because you "HAVE" to offer food. I will NEVER step foot near this place and am hesitant to EVER go to a PT's again. I wound up at Ace's and Ales and am SOOOOOOO glad I did.
5	pool tables, darts,and cheap pitchers and a super cute Malinda... PT's is a great great time =] Not to expensive, great atmosphere, and an awesome lounging area ... I love me some PT's.
1	Will not be coming back here! Came to this location for a friends bday party on 7/5/13...I got there around 11pm. There was a woman working the bar and she was nice and made the drinks quickly. About around 12am a man took over the shift....he was HORRIBLE!!! His attitude sucked and he was really bad at making drinks. I asked for 4 lemon drops...he really told me "Want anything else those are complicated" so I told him make me a concoction as long as it has sugar on the rim. His response "That's the complicated part" I then waited and waited for my shots while he proceeded to serve other people. Finally my shots have arrived. He ended up making the Lemon Drops but instead of rimming my shot glasses he gave me 3 sugar packets!!! What did he expect me to do with F-ing sugars packets. I got a glass and plate, poured my shots into the cup rimmed my own glasses and poured the shots back. Once we FINALLY took them they tasted horrible.He is the only reason why Myself and Others all walked out of there saying we wont be coming back. Nobody wants service like that and if you don't like making drinks properly DON'T be a bartender. The only reason we stayed so long was because we were already there for our friend and happy hour....
1	This place is an absolute joke! They served me a beer but then carded me for my players card. The bartender had about 5 brain cells
