1	Zero stars if possible. Young kid there named Shay.  I work 12 hour days and stay later if more customers come in. I never decline business no matter what time it is. Finally got a chance to leave work at 820 pm.  Called the store multiple times but no one would answer their phone.  Arrived there at 850pm,  and Shay said he was not willing to stay any later past 9pm to do any work since his ride was there to pick him up. I just needed some links taken off my new watch. Frustrated that he declined business,  I asked who the owner was and he stated it was his grandfather and his uncle was the manager,  so they would not care if he declined business. I hope uncle and grandfather are reading this..  And are good at math so that they can figure out how much missed revenue young Shay is costing them. You have lost a customer for life,  and I dont understand his work ethic. If one of my employees declined a paying customer,  id say find a new place of employment!
3	Repaired my watches in 30 minutes.  Prices seemed reasonable. I heard afterward that they have online coupons.  What could be done better.....providing a bag for the watches after services and throwing in cleaning. It wouldn't have to be a deep cleaning. However,  every other place I've done a watch battery replacement did it. It's good advertisement. Someone compliments your watch, asks if it's new and you say "I just had the battery replaced".  Also, none of my watches had the correct time set. It's a small detail that has been performed elsewhere.  So, it's all about being an average retailer or building a loyal customer...
1	I needed a battery replaced in my Seiko watch. I asked my wife to take it with her on a recent outing to San Tan Mall where she ended up at Fast NoFix Jewelry and Watch NoRepair. First they said the battery replacement would be $19+. Then when they saw my watch had a perpetual calendar they informed my wife we would have to send it to Seiko directly to have it set. I couldn't believe this so I found a REAL watch repair shop, Donaldson Watches in Gilbert and he had a battery installed in 5 minutes and cost was $11. He did inform me it would cost extra to have him set the perpetual calander but that I could Google the instructions online. I did just that and now my watch is fully functional with a new battery installed by a PROFESSIONAL! Stay away from these so called repair shops in the malls. They are worthless in my opinion!
1	Hefty price to pay but when you're the only one doing watch battery replacements in San Tan Mall, you have a monopoly and can get away with charging exorbitant rates. While they replaced the battery in a timely manner and provided a "5 year guarantee," I think we'll try Donaldson in Gilbert next time.
