5	After moving into this neighborhood two years ago I began to use this barber shop. It truly is one of the best ones I have been to. The treatment is top notch and the cuts are great.
4	Had a very good experience. Attention to detail.
5	If you're looking for a real QUALITY BARBER come here and see my man Boris.  He's a Russian dude with a great personality that will indeed give you a great cut.  I've been a regular of his for several years now and he always takes care of me, he always goes above and beyond your basic cut... Have him trim your eyebrows (both of them, lol) and your beard if you're sporting one.  Boris is the real deal, he know's what he's doing!  Call ahead, sometimes he gets busy but he'll fit you in.p.s. - Tell him Josh sent you
5	Best experience I have had. I've spent soc years looking for a barber that not only provided the level of service i needed, but one that had the "barber shop" feel to it. Every time I would find one, the barber would transfer elsewhere, but then I found this one. Walking in after work, Boris took me in and gave me a cut. I wasn't expecting the hot towel, straight edge, or even to like my cut (been so desensitized by Supercuts), but it's safe to say that I'll call this "home" and come for as long as they have an "open" sign.
5	I don't normally write reviews.. just base future patronage on existing ones. I was sold at the "inexpensive" rating, especially considering other barbershops in the area are listed at higher prices. I was a little concerned that this place was no longer open, as the last review was over 2 years ago! Rest assured that it is still indeed open. I arrived at 0745 - 15 minutes before their sign says they open and he was open. I got right in and was given amazing treatment. Best haircut I've had in a long time. Straight razor with warm shaving cream on the neck and a hot towel finish. Perfect!!
5	My mother is a hair stylist in California and the only person who I trusted to cut my hair for most of my life. That is until I met Boris at Ahwatukee Barbers. Now, I trust him with my hair more than I trust my own mother. I'm never disappointed by his work. When I was in law enforcement, he always gave me the perfect high and tight. Nowadays, he does an excellent job with more adventurous cuts like the undercut. Haircuts are only fifteen bucks. Don't forget to tip your barber!
5	I had just moved into the area and saw the reviews for this place. Walked in at around 9:30am and Boris was absolutely amazing. I hadn't had a cut in a while and wasn't sure what I wanted but he still figured it out and I've been getting compliments all day. I will be returning often!!!
5	Ugh, Phoenix has got such a dearth of competent barbers.  Boris is literally the only one I've found.  I was on the verge of shaving my head before I met Boris.
5	So I needed a haircut. It was late and I was seated at once, and greeted by a very professional perfectionist from Turkey. True American patriot this young man, and a good barber. Fellow barber was watching TV and shooting loads of politically incorrect loads at the things he saw there - not that it bothers me a bit, but made me react to it. He took his time, and he did a good job. I left happy with a great haircut. The price was fair for service rendered.
