3	Just moved to this area and went in to check it out.  Its funny there are 2 Italian restaurant's on the same side of the street and both claim to be the best.  I have to say both are just as good as each other.  First off JRS Place doesn't sound to much like an Italian bar/restaurant, and the interior doesn't seem olive garden ish. It looks like a normal Vegas bar with a separate seating area.  I sat at the bar and looked at the menu.  It was a bit pricey but the bartender told me it was all worth it.  So i had their meatballs and OMG they were out of this world.  I had a beer as well and the staff seemed to be very nice and helpful.  next week i will go in and have a proper dinner there and update this review. But as of now i would recommend it.
4	Continuing my food trek near the new house - JR's is about 3 miles away.  the roomie and i out for a late lunch.Nice looking place but geez, how do all these bar/grill/gaming places survive !?!?  noticed that there is no separating wall between the bar and dining area so i assume the places is smoke free ??  yes ? the LED sign in front makes mention that JR's voted the best meatballs  - really ?  says who ?  i'll be the judge of that ! to date, i have to give a slight nod to Rao's meatballs, though nora's are decent, too !we share a caesar salad ( $10.95 ) , i go with the meatball sammie w/homemade chips ( $11).  roomie gets the Shrimp Scampi w/ pasta($24)The caesar is decent sized - easily can be shared by 3-4 people.  nice rolls are served with it - though for some reason kinda surprised they weren't garlicky.  The sammie comes with two large meatballs - they are tasty , very tender, i asked the server what was the meat mix - he didn't know - definite beef and pork but trying to figure out if any veal in them.  personally, i prefer a little cheese inside the meatball for some added bite ( roman or reggiano ) - none in these.i really liked the chips - coulda used some more salt , but they were crispy and fresh.roomie loved her pasta and shrimp - i tried the sauce - garlicky, vino deliciouso !Overall, pleasantly surprised - could be priced a little better for a tavern but i think i'll hit again for lunch.Happy Eating !
5	Closed. Boooooooooooo.We're very sad to see Jr's Place go. It was such a nice experience and we hope that one day they will be able to come back. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Jr's is possibly the nicest Italian Bar/Restaurant on the West Side of Las Vegas. The staff is so far beyond nice it ridiculous. I would definitely not recommend this place for anyone on a diet. Every dish we've had so far is the quintessential definition of decadence. Lavished with butter, tomato sauce, and the most mouth water ingredients we have yet to try, I would put their menu up against any traditional Italian cuisine in the city, and that includes the strip. Its as if you're in Italy, but everyone speaks English. Wine Wednesdays are phenomenal. So if you've had a rough day or week, stop by for the best service, from fare to fairness, that you can have up off of Durango.
5	The meatballs still kick ass !!!
5	Everything was terrific.  The restaurant was not too busy to accommodate our party of six.  Of our appetizers, the meatballs were the best:  4 inches in diameter and served with a dollop of ricotta imported from NY. We were thoroughly impressed.  The baked caprese was a unique take on a  staple.  Of six entrees, the chicken parmesan and rigatoni sausage dominated.  All of the desserts were homemade and amazing.  Our favorites were the bead pudding and cannoli (which could have done without the rainbow sprinkles). Quality ; )
5	OH wow! I had the meatballs appy last night - just one meatball is big enough for dinner! I don't know where to start raving first... the tomato sauce is (and I have to whisper this) - better than my grandma's! And that could get me fired from the family... Its nothing like I've had here in Vegas. Its real, homemade, with the expensive tomatoes and its just right. The little dollop of real farm fresh ricotta on the side really makes it - that's just the little bit of sweet you need to cut the tomato sauce/meat goodness. They need to double up on that, though. Seriously - ask for double ricotta. Then there's the meatballs... OMG. Big as a softball, weighty but light and FLUFFY! Yes, I'm telling you - fluffy meatballs! They melt in your mouth. I don't understand why something as "simple" as meatballs in red sauce can be done so poorly all over the place - but JR's sets the standard. I'm surprised this place isn't being written up all over town in the Weekly, City Life, and RJ... its an unassuming little loungie/bar-looking place, but hiding in here is definitely (IMHO) the best Italian in Vegas. James the bartender is awesome, too! So authentically nice. I think that's the key word here - AUTHENTIC.  No need to go to the Strip for Italiana. Its all right here.
4	My 2 boyz and I really like this place. We share an order of their magnificent Meatballs, have a little conversation and then call it an evening.
5	Drop what you're doing and head there now. Order anything involving a meatball and you'll be set to indulge on an italian dream!! The place was dead on a Saturday, which is a real shame because it's a beautiful interior!! You can tell there was a lot of hard work that went into making this place look nice on the inside. Unfortunately, from the outside it looks like another PT's or Sierra Gold. There is a few poker machines and a beautiful bar when you walk in and the dining room is set up to the right. We walked in and the bartender told us to sit wherever we pleased. We picked the booth right in front of the TV that was playing the Godfather. Our other guests arrived and we ordered the meatball sub, the sorrentino parm, the meatballs and spaghetti and the eggplant parm. The waitress kept up supplied with Labrea bread french baguette loaves and olive oil and balsamic vinegar which some italian places don't do, but I LOVE! When the food came out, it got reeeaalllly quiet as everyone dug in and didn't come up for air anytime soon after that!! The pasta was al dente and the meatball melt in your mouth. The tomato sauce was just the right hint of sweetness and freshness. YUM!Susan, the owner and chef came out and talked to us for about 20 minutes. She's a native New York-ah and has family from South Philly, where my husband and his family is from and myself being from upstate New York. She puts her blood sweat and tears into this place and unfortunately with the economy and the massive construction going on in front of her place, the business has taken a hit. But definitely not because of the food. This is the type of place you want to tell all your friends about because it's a legit place serving up delicious food and nice ambiance. Don't even get me started on her bread pudding or her cannolis. Just go and order them and savor what real home cooking can be like!!!!
4	Sadly, JR's place becomes the latest casualty of the Las Vegas economic scene (and they never were helped by the road construction through the immediate area). So a 4* farewell to Susan for really putting her heart into her cooking, and being so gracious with her customers, and we will really miss those meatballs. We wish her well in the future, and hope there is one for her in a local kitchen.
1	I'm not surprised it closed. My sweetheart and I walked in, we were seated and we were waiting 15 minutes for our drinks (coke and iced tea) before we decided to walk out. It's ashamed becasue we had heard the food was good.
