4	This tiny wine merchants on Broughton Street is part of the Villeneuve Wines chain: high-end off-licenses that focus on quality and variety. It's a good place to go if you're looking for specialist vintage wines or whiskeys as many here are supplied to the best hotels and restaurants around the city. The prices are not cheap, but this isn't Tesco. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable, and all the wines come with colourful, hand-written labels, many with descriptions. There are also beers and a range of spirits, but as the name suggests, this is for the connoisseur rather than the casual buyer.
4	Not got a lot to add to whats been said except to say if you are in the area looking for cheap wine don't head straight to the newly opened Tesco round the corner. Villeneuve may look posh and it does go high end, but its good for cheap decent wine and beer too. Villeneuve's cheapest is much better value than Tesco's, so spend your four quid here and you won't get something rank like you might at the big chain.
4	I have to admit that I often find myself buying wine in Tesco because it's where I'm getting my groceries and on a Friday night after a week at work, I like one stop shopping.That being said, we tend not to be adventurous with our Tesco wines because we just don't know enough about what is good and are much more likely to end up with a bottle of something akin to vinegar than something nice.Villeneuve, like other independent wine and beer merchants, is the answer to the vast majority of us who like to drink wine but don't really know enough about it other than "Hmm, Marlborough is nice, let's get that".The workers are incredibly knowledgeable and are more than happy to have a chat and recommend something in your budget which will go nicely with your dinner.What I especially like about this place is just HOW personable the staff are.  I was in the other week looking for a specific cider which is turning out to be impossible to find, and had a nice chat and a good laugh with the people behind the counter who agreed that lime and elderflower does sound like a fantastic cider combination and promised to keep an eye out for me.
4	"I'd like a wine that goes with partridge please."And so began my short, but pleasant, shop in Villeneuve Wines last week. When a friend invited me over for dinner, and I knew the dinner would be partridge, well, I had to get a wine to match. And as partridge is quite unusual, and slightly off the beaten culinary path, I thought I'd head to the fantastic, local Edinburgh wine store - Villenueve Wines.They have one other shop in the borders, in Peebles I think. The shop is at basement level, and not huge but has a really great selection of wines starting at quite affordable too. They also have a great range of spirits behind the counter.And the man who was working there was able to help me find the perfect bottle. First directing me towards some French reds, I asked instead for recommendations on South American reds. Which he duly did. And the one he suggested, a Chilean Pinot Noir, was delightful. The chef of the evening even commented on how lovely it was.So thank you Villeneuve Wines for providing me with the perfect bottle for a lovely evening!
5	Quite frankly the best wine shop in Edinburgh.  The staff know what they are talking about, the music is always good and most importantly the wine is amazing.  It is just a really nice place to shop and not that expensive either considering the quality of what they sell.  Highly recommend!
