4	Before I had a dog, I never really understood the purpose of Doggy Day Care.  I thought, if someone wasn't able to care for and socialize their dog themselves, or if the dog wasn't okay being home while they were at work, why in the world would they get the dog in the first place.  I can own it, I was wrong.The thing is, puggles (pug+beagle) have A LOT of that beagle energy!  And although I read a lot about it before bringing Bailey home to live with us, I did not realize the true extent of the puggle puppy energy.  Doggy Day Care (or DDC as it is know in our house, so she doesn't get too excited) is a great solution for Bailey's energy.  She loves going to Malinda's and everyone there is very friendly.  They always seem happy to see her when I drop in, unannounced, to let her play for a few hours.  Only $10 for a half day of DDC (5 hours or less), what a great price to pay for Bailey's happiness and a calm house.  Don't get me wrong, I love taking her to the dog park, but I am only good for about an hour and she'll still be ready to play.I have also used Malinda's for grooming and boarding and have been very happy with both.  When we go out of town I feel bad leaving her at a friend's house because she has so much energy, I think they might be volunteering for more than they realize.  While the boarding might be a little on the high side ($40/night), when I take her to Malnda's, I know she is playing in day care all day (instead of being locked in a small, confined space) so that when it is time for her to go in her room, she'll be all ready to sleep.  Even though the puggles do like to play, they still have the cuddle-side of the pug and seem to really enjoy nap time as well!Sorry to steal your line Brett B., but I have to say Malinda's is puggle approved!
4	i usually take both dogs here every 7-8 weeks.  both of them see heidi, and i'm very happy with the haircuts they get.  they always come home smelling GREAT, i just wish they smelled like that all the time!it's usually half a day experience and the pups have a good time.  sometimes they've called to let me know that they're ready and i'm not able to get there immediately.  they've watched them for a few hours free of charge, which is really nice.they're very accommodating when trying to set up appointments.  i've called on a friday before for a saturday morning appointment and there are still spots available.overall, i'm very happy going here.  i used to take them to petsmart, but my shihtzu was always terrified the moment we walked in.  he's still a little weary, but gets better with each visit.
5	I have a medium sized cockapoo that I used to take to Petsmart to get groomed. I was never happy with their service - they would give him the atrocious poodle cute even when I specifically asked not to and I noticed sometimes his breath was still smelly even though teeth brushing was in the package. He was also deathly afraid every time we went to the stark white room in the back of Petsmart.I was SO happy to have discovered Malinda's. Not only was it much less expensive, they service was amazing! My dog came out looking adorable, following the exact instructions I gave them. He was clean, smelled fresh and even fresh breath. The groomer also found a tiny weed lodged deep in his paw and took the time to tell me how to check for things like that. The place also looked adorable and front desk service is friendly as well. Arthur and I are so glad to have found a new groomer!
1	Overpriced and uneven haircuts given. Don't waste your money here! It costs more to get a tiny dog groomed than a regular woman's haircut. $55 for a 3 pound dog !! They are crazy...
5	I have taken my dog here for the last couple years and I can't speak highly enough for the team of hard working folks at Malinda's. Every time I pick up my dog after her appointment she looks fantastic and is very happy. Finding a quality groomer is no easy task, but rest easy knowing that if you go to Malinda's your loved one is good hands!
5	Best dog groomer I'm Ahwatukee!! So helpful, caring and loving to my pets :) Also a wonderful dog trainer! We only had 3 pups in the class so we got TONS of one-on-one time instead of those impersonal PetsMart doggie training classes. Malinda is the best and clearly cares about all the pets that come in, my dogs LOVE it there
3	All joking aside, I am probably the ONLY cat owner that goes to Malinda's Pampered Pets, lol. But they still make Shiloh feel welcome, and I can tell she loves it, even with the dogs that don't like cats being there. The reason that I only gave 3 stars was for the service, although the front desk person was kind and helpful she lacked some things that I am very very picky about in customer service. I spoke to her over the phone to give my cat a haircut WITH a bath, although I know it's ironic to give her a bath when she is going to be bald, I would like it because as a cat she is VERY difficult to bathe. I picked her up and they only gave her a haircut, but it didn't bother me at the moment because I thought, hey, $10 less is good enough for me. I was also upset that I wasn't able to get the "snooty pooch" add on to the package, as the woman told me that it wasn't for cats, even though their website gives a price range for cats. The last thing that bothered me was that they asked for my number so they could call when Shiloh was ready, after 2 hours I received no call back so I decided to call them and it turned out she was done an hour and a half ago! this dissapointed me because I don't like to spend too much time away from my furry little friend! HOWEVER;;; Malinda's Pampered Pet's through the few mistakes they made provided a friendly atmosphere, even though I was somewhat nervous since it is obviously geared more towards dogs, and the next time that I am feeling too lazy to shave my cat myself, Malinda's will DEFINITELY be the first place that I go to!
5	I've known Malinda for a few years through Animal Rescue since she's very active in the Rescue community (running Potato Chips Pomeranians as of late) and she's always been very kind and giving, offering free grooming service to rescued animals who were in need of a good grooming.  So I was thrilled when I moved to Ahwatukee so I could start using her services.  The grooming salon is neat and clean and the staff is very friendly.  My long hair Chihuahua, Phoebe looked and smelled great when we picked her up and I highly recommend this place!
3	I have mixed feelings.  I was recommended by a friend because my usual groomer was hurt in an accident and has been forced to temporarily close his business.  As most pet owners are, I am very cautious and selective on who I leave my pet with.  I took him in this morning for a full groom.  When we got there, there were several other people dropping off their pets as well.  I was asked if I was new, and stated that I was.  One of the gals got my paperwork and came around to get my dog.  She did not even take a moment to introduce herself and make "me" feel comfortable about leaving him there.  She did ask how I wanted him cut, to which I responded that I wanted a short all over cut but not showing any skin.  I specifically requested that his head not be left long and poofy and that his tail was trimmed up.  She then took him back, I filled out my paperwork and left.When I came back to pick him up, there was one person working in the front.  I informed her that I was there to pick my dog up and she gave me the price.  (which, by the way, was very reasonable and just as quoted over the phone)  She then ran my card and asked me to add the tip on at that time.  That was before I even got to see what kind of tip I wanted to leave.  As in any situation, a tip is earned by performance and satisfaction of the customer.  I never hesitate to tip on the heavy side when I think someone has done a great job.  After I paid, she brought out my dog.  While she was in the back getting him, someone else came in.  As soon as she came back up front with my dog, she started to help that person before she even handed me the leash.  It was pretty much just a "here he is...now go".  There was no "how does he look for you...or are you happy with this".  I have to definitely say that he looked and smelled great with two exceptions...she left his head long and poofy and his tail is huge and poofy.  Both things I specifically requested not to happen.  Because I am a realist and know what happens when you send something back or have someone fix something you do not care for, I did not have her take him back and fix it.  I would not take the chance that their frustration would be taken out on my pet.Although, for the most part the grooming was very good, the customer service needs some help.  Being busy is no excuse for poor service when people are spending their hard earned money in this economy.  All in all, I am very on the fence and undecided if we will give it a second try.
1	I have written this review before, and for some reason it keeps disappearing. I took my dogs here a few years ago for grooming and when I went to pick them up and put them in the car my one dog tensed up, started shaking and screaming in pain. Something was wrong with his front leg. We took the dog to the vet who said that the muscle in his leg had been over extended/pulled. He was put on steroids and pain medicine and eventually the pain went away but he kept having spasms that hurt him so badly. The vet could not tell us 100% that the injury was sustained at the groomer, but the injury became apparent directly after picking up our baby from Malindas. We tried to talk to Malinda about what happened to our dog and she was ridiculously rude. Not only did she refuse to pa for his vet bills she also could not have cared less about his pain. DO NOT TAKE YOUR PETS THERE! This place may be run by someone who supposedly cares about stray animals, but I think she only cares about what makes her money. No groupon coupon is worth the pain your pets will endure if ou take them to this groomer. BEWARE!
5	We started bringing our Beagle Gabby to Malinda's as a puppy and have continued for the past 2-1/2 years.  She has acquired fabulous socialization skills by being allowed to interact with other dogs of all breeds and sizes at daycare.  It helps her to burn off that never-ending Beagle energy so that she doesn't drive us crazy at home in the evening after working all day.  Gabby also boards several times per year at Malinda's while mom and dad get in some "alone" time out of town.  Because her daycare experience is so positive, she has absolutely no qualms about being left there for several nights.  It's play by day, rest (exhausted) overnight in her 4 x 4 suite and up again the next morning for more play!  She gets a vacation from boredom while we get a vacation from responsibility.  What could be better than when we're all happy?  Keep up the good job Malinda & staff.  We love you and have recommended you to many dog lovers.
5	I went to Malinda's Pampered Pets on Saturday for the first time.  My experience there was amazing...they took great care of my dog.  The amount of things they include in their grooming package was great! My dog has never looked so good! The staff was great and listened to exactly how I wanted her fur done...Thanks so much Malinda!!!
1	Hair cut and price for 2 yorkies poor and it stunk smelled bad
5	I have been going to Malinda's now for years!  My dog comes here for doggie daycare daily and he gets groomed here on a regular basis.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  My groomer is Erin and I would recommend her to everyone!  She is extremely passionate and she is GREAT at what she does.  She loves every dog and has extreme patience to those not so friendly doggies!  They have a good selection of dog food and treats and it is like a spa for your loved pets!  Come and check this place out... your pets will thank you for it!
4	I have been here twice, both for the Boxer Luv event to raise money.  The first time I had brought my pup in for a wash and nail trim and the second I worked the event.  Malinda and her staff were great both times, the first I was totally comfortable dropping off my furry babies.  And while working they were a huge help, but I also thought it was amazing they opened on a Sunday to support a great cause.  That alone I thought was great!  They are incredibly clean and well maintained as well as love the dogs that go in and out of the establishment.  If you're in Ahwatukee I wouldn't hesitate to check this out if you're looking for a groomer.  A+
2	Update: Owner sent me a message on Yelp about me posting my review... Regardless of when I paid for my services here, it doesn't change the fact that everything I stated in this review is TRUE! I came here because of a Groupon or a Living Social deal. I dropped off my dog first thing in the morning when they opened. I boarded him for 5 days. But I felt like they were sticking hidden charges on me. I opted for grooming services for my pup so he would be fresh and clean when I picked him. Well when I did pick him up, they didn't even trim his nails yet, and it seemed like they didn't even know I was coming even though I called the day before to confirm it. You would figure they would have done his nails at the same time they were doing the other grooming services.I didn't like the vibe of the place. I'm gonna have to pass on this place based on my experience.Oh I also didn't realize till we got in the car that his personal collar was missing. I went back in and it took a good 5 mins for them to find it. Questionable!
5	Malinda's is right around the corner from home so we decided to try them out for grooming. I have to say the entire staff was friendly and Kim the groomer did a great job with my little guy. He was a little scared going into a new place, but came out happy, calm, and tail wagging. We have definitely found a new grooming home!
4	A little higher priced but an excellent job every time. Great atmosphere and clean. Kim is wonderful and is very attentive as to how you want your dog trimmed. Would definitely recommend!
