5	I love my neighborhood bar!  I've been hanging out here for three years and have met some great friends.  It may seem kinda lackluster to the outsider, but what other place has a jukebox where Type O Negative, Dropkick Murphys, Hanson, Slayer, and the Eagles all gets played in the same 30 minutes.  Not that all of that is a good thing, but it's funnier than hell when all the chi-chi girls get up and line dance to Hanson in a drunken slither and then try to headbang to Slayer.  Let's not forget the new dartboards and darts league!  And Devin, Adam, Marisol, and Mariah are the friendliest bartenders in town!
4	yes, this place is a dive bar; but this review isn't about that.  it's about the food end of the business.  good grub.  most of it is pub grub, but the breakfast stuff is good.  yeah, there are only so many ways you can do eggs, but when you order those with the ham steak and the plate gets dropped at the table, wow.  the plate is covered with the ham steak - bone in.  yeah, bone in.  you ham eaters will know what i'm talking about, bone in.  of course - the place is a dive bar (behind the gas station), but if you can get over that -- bone in.....
1	yes...i used to go to this place they now call a bar...or pub....well...since the economy crunch has hit...please dont bother going there...they will hound you to play max bets before you are seated for more than a minute....COMPS?you want comps????at tee shots???NO friggin way...you wont get em...even though they need the business more than they think...forget about it...maybe its because i won so much money from them in the past by playing 50 cent bets as opposed to their MUCH DEMANDED dollar bets now...that place went straight to the crapper...never go there again...
1	Just another dive gaming bar tucked in the corner of a small strip shopping center. Nothing special at all inside or out. Very dark and smokey mostly frequented by neighborhood locals. Drinks are relatively inexpensive. There is no food which really sucks sometimes. They allow outside food to be brought in. The service is really spotty. Some of the bartenders like to hang in the corner chatting up with the regulars which makes you have to literally walk over waving your arms to get another drink. All in all nothing special at all.
5	Great local friendly bar and the kitchen is reopened
5	Love Tee Shots!  The bartenders are all super nice and the place has a nice local bar feel.  They have a great selection of music and several tv's to watch games on.  Stop by, play a game of pool, maybe some video poker,  have something to eat and have fun chatting with the diverse people who go there.  One of my favorite "off strip" places to hang.
4	One of my favorite bars.
