5	Comfortable atmosphere, friendly service. Price versus great food... a most try if nothing else! Twice in one day and family loves it
5	Loved, Loved, Loved the Gouga Mac& Cheese!!  Better than Mom's, shhhh.Our server was so nice and attentive, the atmosphere was great. You HAVE to check out the sinks in the bathrooms, creative and cute design! Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the mac & cheese creations they offer!
5	Great place. Relaxing atmosphere! Family loved the food. I had the cheddar Mac it was a little bland but then tried my husbands dish and it was delicious!! Kids loved it and my son was raving about their meatballs.
4	- Decor - Even as I was pulling up to the restaurant in the complex I was getting giddy. I could tell just driving by that the decor and ambiance itself is something I'll fall madly in love with. And I was right! Their style is how I want to base my whole life around! My future home, my product labeling (if I were to sell something), my coffee shop (if I were to open one), my clothing store (if I were to somehow build one), my children. Yes even my children. I want their whole being to somehow represent this simple, minimalistic, vintage style. It was a beautiful day and they kept their doors open, but even if they didn't this restaurant is very bright and spacious with simple accent pieces to make it more elegant. For example, the chalk art on the walls, and the deep burgundy booths. LOVE LOVE LOVE!- Ordering - You order at the counter and they give you a number marker. They have special deals everyday! On Saturdays they offer a $7.99  lunch special - side salad or soup, 1 piece of garlic bread, and a build it your own pasta. You get to choose the pasta and sauce but any additional toppings is extra charge. Ze boyfriend went with the Smokehouse Mac and ordered Cauliflower Gratin. As you finish with your order, and you walk towards the tables, you can see a small section of  fresh produce piled like at the grocery market behind the counters and they also keep their working space very open so you can see the cleanliness of the kitchen. - Food - The food didn't take too long to come out. My caesar salad was delicious and was very fresh. As my pasta, I ordered a basil pesto wheat pasta with broccoli and mushrooms, it was alllrightt. Too bland for my taste. I can only say the Smokehouse Mac was only okay too. It was too sweet, but I guess that should be expected if you're going for that hickory smoked bbq flavor. The Cauliflower Gratin sealed the deal on 4 stars rather than 5. I could have let my experience with the rest of the meal slide, but not the Cauliflower Gratin. Although it was good, it got me questioning if they had Paula Dean back there preparing it cause that thing was just straight up fat and oil. I posted a picture to show the insane amount of oily greasy mess that took up the bottom half of the bowl. The description on the menu said it was seasoned with parmesean and mozzarella cheeses but I didn't realize by seasoned, they really meant 'swimming in', I tried one just so I could review it, and that's all I could have. That heart-threatening side item won't keep me away though. I'm still very interested in coming back and trying all the other items.
3	This place is decent. It's like an Italian chipotle. I love the atmosphere of the place and service is friendly. I had the 7$ special and chose penne with a meat sauce. I have tasted better meat sauce. I did sneak a bite of my friends pesto and it was great! My penne was a little over cooked but the fact that you get a soup or salad and a breadstick was awesome. When I have a chance I am looking forward to trying some of the other menu options available.
4	Awesome concept! I'm an adult who absolutely loves her some mac and cheese, so a restaurant exclusively catering to this dish is a great idea to me. Stopped by this location after spotting the other location on the other side of town. I ordered the pepperjack mac and cheese and my dining partner went for the barbeque mac and cheese. I wanted the pepperjack one to amazing but it was just okay. It needed more kick and another cheese to thicken up the cheese sauce. Maybe a nice gouda? Anyway, it said it had jalapenos in it too, which is always a plus. But there were only 3 jalapenos!! I think they should slice and dice the jalapenos and include it in the cheese sauce. Mmmmm! I think it's a great idea!! The barbeque mac and cheese was the redeeming factor here. It was yummy and hearty with good toothy-ness. Fantastic. I'll be back to try the blue cheese one because I can't say no to blue cheese. Also, I need to try the garlic sticks. My dining partner ate BOTH of them. Also, they have The Cupcakery cupcakes for dessert!! +1!! Definitely try this place if you love mac & cheese. Until next time!
5	I love this place, and really happy I don't have to drive all the way to the other location anymore. The plethora of ingredients means you can try something different and be creative with flavors and textures. The prices are slightly high, but the quality makes it worth it. I'm bummed out that they don't offer their tomato basil soup at this location, but I'll still be back.
5	Incredible lunch today at the new Mac Shack on west Charleston. Food was ridiculously good and the value and service was equally as impressive with kids eating free on Sunday and a ton of gluten free options. Curbside pick up too for takeout. Definitely one of our new fav spots.
2	Yeah, good concept, but very expensive. How much does elbow macaroni cost? For 9.00 you should be able to take some home. Do you know that the pasta might coat them .75 cents if that? This place is way overpriced, and dont tell me that the cheeses cost them an arm and a leg. They should double the portion and then I would go back. It cost 28.00 for me and three kids for pasta. What a joke..Never again! Make it at home..will be closed in 2014
5	I love their website for take-out delivery - super easy to use and lots of options.The pasta is fantastic, perfectly cooked and the sauces taste fresh and flavorful.  I love the alfredo, vodka sauce, and the macaroni and cheese. I also love that I can add peas to everything I order - that is is my pasta favorite.
5	This location has awesome decor and ambiance.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.  Great concept: You choose your pasta, then a sauce, and any toppings you want.  To-go orders are always packaged neatly and stay hot for a long time.  Good prices and big portions.  My favorite is the Pomodoro Fresco: Angel hair w/ fresh tomatoes, basil and light garlic w/ Parmesan and Romano cheeses.  The Baked Rigatoni is another great choice.  Rigatoni w/ meat sauce, mozzarella and baked ricotta. They can make a large variety of stuff so just ask if you want something extra special and they can probably do it. They serve China Mist brand iced tea which is one of the best tasting teas around.  ***Memory Bank this tip: The chicken noodle soup w/ or without Matzo balls is awesome to-go when you or your family isn't feeling 100%--quick and easy.
4	If I could give them four and half stars I would!My boyfriend and I went here Friday night. We really liked the concept. Pasta customization, cool! We ordered the asiago bleu mac and cheese for me, crazy alfredo for him, gnocci with pesto, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes and bread sticks to share. I loved my mac and cheese! The bleu wasn't too overwhelming, but still had that bite you expect with bleu cheese. The crazy Alfredo had A LOT in it. Chicken, Italian sausage, steak, and shrimp in a roasted pepper alfredo sauce. I personally did not try it, but my boyfriend said it was very good! The only reason for the half star would be for the size of the shrimp and the beer selection. The shrimp were pretty tiny. The pasta only cost a little over $10 but he said that he would have been happier with three big ones versus a few little guys. We were pretty happy to see that they serve beer and wine, but the selection was minimal. My boy is a beer guy so of course he wanted more. Overall we loved it. We'll definitely be back and indulge in our carb intake here!
5	Modern food is an interesting intersection of simplicity & customization.   Mac Shack is simple & clean with an open kitchen and a walk-up counter for ordering.  Once you get there you can choose from about 10 pastas & sauces, and 20 toppings.  If you're like me and rather have a specialty item, you can pick from various pastas, mac-n-cheeses and salads.   The pasta itself is very fresh and cooked well.  The dishes can be a bit rich (which is common for pasta) so take a friend to share a pasta and salad.   Alternatively, go for a 5 mile hike at Red Rock Cyn nearby and work up the appetite to conquer a whole bowl on your own.
5	Went here on the spur of the moment instead of Claim Jumper as it hadn't opened yet.  My grandmother and I both got the lunch special for $7.99.  The pasta and sauce were both delicious, the homemade Italian dressing was yummy, and the breadsticks were awesome!  I had a vegetarian angel hair with garlic and oil, as well as a side of zucchini, and grandma had angel hair with marinara, topped with shrimp.  I typically don't drink soda, but had a field day with the soda machine that pumps out just about anything you can imagine.  Serving sizes were great for the price and everything tasted fresh.  This is probably the cleanest restaurant I've ever been too, and will definitely be returning.
1	We visited the new location tonight for a late dinner. After ordering and paying, one of the line cooks made derogatory remarks in Spanish about my boyfriend and myself. We were the only patrons in the restaurant so it was clear the comments were about us. Whether he thought we didn't speak Spanish or thought we couldn't hear him, it was completely unacceptable in 2014 to be such a hateful, homophobic ass! We immediately asked for a refund and left without eating.
4	I'm a fan of this place.  I really enjoy that they have farro with just olive oil and garlic.  Very simple and flavorful.  They also have that really cool soda machine, but the thing about that is I don't drink soda.  I will be back again just for the farro.
4	Connie and I went for a quick dinner. She ordered the Crazy Alfredo and I the Asiago Mac 'n Cheese. They were both excellent. I was afraid the blue cheese would be too overpowering but it was mild. It was creamy with a nice touch of crunch from toasted breadcrumbs. Although Connie doesn't eat jalapenos and they won't make substitutions on dishes, she of course didn't eat any, but they imparted a nice flavor and mild heat to her dish. So like Arnold Schwarzenegger, we will be back.The garlic bread left allot to be desired but no big deal. I like the soda machine with a gazillion flavors...pick a beverage and add any flavor shot. These machines are gaining in popularity.Not a huge fan of no substitutions, but I get it...with all the ingredients, it would add lots of wait time to tailor orders. Looking forward to trying something Italian though. It's a pasta place after all, so the true test will be a red sauce. I'll add another star if the next visit works out!
4	Being from Colorado, I appreciate a place that reminds me of Noodles & Company. Both are great! If you get a "create your own" dish it will quickly add up, but it's quality food nonetheless. They also sell cupcakes from The Cupcakery. I will definitely be back!
3	I felt very awkward ordering because I took my time looking at the menu, the young lady in front did not greet us, asked us how we were or ask if she could help us... I hesitated and played it safe and ordered the Chicken Alfredo and Grilled Peanut butter and Jelly. The menu was visible and easy to order but there was many things I wanted to try. When we went here, it was on a Sunday and there was a family of four and a couple who came shortly after. It was pretty empty, slow and the staff didn't seem too busy. We got our drinks (cool machine where you can almost pick any soft drink), sat down and about 5 minutes later a young man gave us our food. The chicken Alfredo was average had a very creamy sauce. We had chili flakes but no parmesan shaker. The Grilled PB&J i took home and was the best part. This place is average, I wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their items though.
3	Fast service. Nice staff.  I got the smokehouse Mac and cheese which has bacon and a hint of BBQ sauce blended in. It was just ok. I received free garlic bread for checking in on yelp. Small bonus. Oh and they have that soda machine where you get to choose from 200+ flavors which I love. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Like others have mentioned it's kid friendly. My child loved the food. They gave her a fruit roll up with her meal. Again small bonus. They also have a cute little lollipop stand near the entrance/exit for kids to grab. I'm not going to lie I grabbed a couple for myself. Overall the place is descent. I will come again just to try out some of their other dishes.
5	I have to admit I am quite impressed with the Mac Shack. I've seen this place numerous times on shopping trips to the area around Boca Park, but I never stopped in until this past weekend with my husband.Knowing we were both hungry I knew I had to make a decision that would please both of us. Considering my husband isn't as outlandish with his food choices as myself I decided on Mac Shack. After all, pasta is something we both love.We arrived during lunch so we took advantage of their lunch special. $7.99 for a make your own bowl of pasta, a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup, a breadstick and a drink. I think that's a really good value, especially considering the amount of food you get.I got: whole grain wheat penne pasta, with spicy red sauce, chicken, and an extra add in of roasted garlic (I think that cost me an extra 50 cents), and the side garden salad. My husband got angel hair pasta, with Alfredo sauce, chicken, and the corn chowder soup.The place is very roomy with black/metallic decorations and they play some interesting music over the speakers. As for the food it quickly arrived at our table. My pasta was cooked perfectly, the spicy red sauce had a nice kick with peppers and onions, the chicken was perfectly fine, and a decent amount. Roasted garlic was good, but sooo much I ended up leaving quite a bit of it in my bowl. The salad was decent, and a large portion. You will not leave here unfulfilled. Neither my husband or myself could finish our entire meal.I would absolutely return... although not too often. I am a pasta fanatic, but I gotta watch those carbs! Good thing this place is not anywhere near where I live or I think I'd be gaining a few extra pounds....
5	Amazing food! So glad we stopped in. I don't think I've ever had food this fresh and such amazing quality at such a casual place. Wish they had one in Los Angeles!
5	Ran up on this little place last night. The decor and the smell of delicious food was awesome. Big portions and decent pricing. Def coming back
5	Overall experience is great. I been there three and was happy every time.. It's a great family atmosphere.
1	I did a search for vegan food on Yelp and the Mac Shack came up.  Last weekend I went to eat there and asked the cashier if there were vegan items on the menu.  The cashier did not seem to know what vegan means, so she asked the girl working next to her.  The second girl said they do not serve any vegan items.  The way the second girl replied to her co-worker left me wondering if there really were not any vegan items on the menu, or if she just did not want to be bothered telling me what items were vegan.  The place wasn't very busy when I was there, so it wasn't like she couldn't find the time.  Although a few menu items looked as if they could be vegan, rather than trying to ask, we just left.It looks like a nice place, but for us, the customer service was lacking.  If there are vegan items on the menu, I hope someone will point them out.  There are no designations, as far as I could see, on the website menu.
4	Mac shack pasta attack!First time I went in, I  got the impression of a east coast theme as if I was in Boston or New York.Ordered off the menu a couple of favorites and I was quite please. Crazy Alfredo and bottle service.Everything was cooked fresh and took around 20mins to take away.For sure a place I'll  come back to try something else out.OverallPrice: $$$Food: 4-5Service: 4-5Come back: yes
4	I absolutely love the ambiance of this location. Compared to the location on Warm Spring, this is the upscale adult Mac Shack! They have red leather booths and rustic wood tables. What I ordered: The veggie gluten free add chickenMy Mom got the lunch special. $7.99 for a basic make your own bowl of pasta (comes with noodles and choice of a sauce - add in topping are extra), a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup (she got a salad) a bread-stick and a drink. I would love to give this place five stars but some of the times I come my meals are swimming in olive oil. If they could just be a little bit more consistent and work on reducing the amount of olive oil in the dishes I would be super happy!
1	Service needs a lot of improvement. Ordered to go at 7pm, got food at 7:40. Thank goodness we decided to stay and eat because they got our order wrong. No apology given.  Won't be coming back for sure.
4	Very good made to order pasta! The gluten free pasta was a huge with my parents.  Staff is great, very friendly.
3	Love how the place is setup: nice open space, modern signs with appealing typography, and the lollipops at the front are a nice touch. However I've been here a few times and the food is a hit or miss. One time I ordered a smokehouse mac and it was crazy amazing with a very healthy amount of bacon and cheese and just, unf, but another time it was seriously lacking, kind of dry and a bit flavorless. Also, another time I tried the penne and pesto and the pasta was so salty I couldn't eat it! I could feel my blood pressure rising with every bite so I had to stop. So I guess when you come here cross your fingers you'll get lucky and have some decent pasta.
1	Some people recommended this place to my mother & I... and I guess it's good for some people, but not for us!  The garlic breadsticks were awful... the only flavor they had was heavy garlic, that I was belching up hours later, even after only 2 bites.  It wasn't smooth & yummy like most garlic bread I've had almost anywhere else.As for the pasta... I had penne alfredo and my mom had the angel hair marinara... I admit, I'm picky, and I literally ate 2 bites and couldn't eat any more... first, the pasta was chewy & crunchy... maybe al dente, not my choice for pasta... or just not cooked properly, IDK... but worse was the alfredo sauce... it was SO heavy on the butter & cheese... mostly butter, that's really all I could taste, but worst of all was the bitter after-taste that came a few seconds later.  Awful.  And mom's marinara was worse, it was too acidic & bitter, she actually spit hers out into her napkin and couldn't eat more than that first bite, and she said the after-taste was even worse... she tried mine as well, and said mine was a TINY bit better.So I guess some people like the taste of their sauces. But sadly for us, it was awful and a waste of $20... we walked out leaving 2 full bowls of pasta, and one full order of breadsticks, and a second order of breadsticks with a couple bites out of them... waste of money and time, very disappointing overall.  Definitely not for us & not somewhere I'd go again.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  After living back east we've become a little picky with pasta.  It tasted fresh, it was fast and casual.   We'll definitely be back!
5	I've come here a couple times and the food is always delicious!! Very fast service, even when busy. The decor is really cute and bathrooms and tables are always clean. Will be returning regularly!
5	The staff was great.  My son loved that he could select his own pasta and sauce.
4	I had the smokehouse Mac n cheese and it was great! Thanks for the free garlic bread for checking in!!!!  The atmosphere is great and service was fast.
4	It's pricey but really good.If you have a craving for Mac and Cheese and don't want to make it at home, this is the place to be.
4	Convenient place for quality pasta.  I had a custom order of whole wheat penne pasta, with marinas sauce, shrimp, roasted garlic and tomatoes.  Good weight watchers meal.
5	Can't get enough of this place. My favorite is the the farmhouse with spaghetti, roasted garlic and mushrooms. It's super creamy with the just the right amount of saltiness coming the the pancetta. Plus, I don't feel so bad about eating cream sauce cause I ate my vegetables in the form of peas!
2	Solid choice for lunch, although I wasn't too impressed overall.Came here for the lunch special, only to find out that it is only on the most BASIC of pasta choices and sauces.  For instance, the "Smokehouse Mac" that I wanted to order could NOT be substituted even at a higher cost.  They should allow "premium" choices or add on a couple extra bucks per topping desired.So because of this, I ordered the Pesto Penne ($7.99 Lunch Special): Comes with Breadstick, choice of Soup/Salad & a Drink. Not bad! Wish the breadstick tasted fresher, and perhaps I should have added something else to the mix...like a meat choice or cheese or something, since it was pretty basic and was lacking depth.For the soup choice, I went with the Chicken Noodle Soup ($3.95 but included w/ lunch special). Good, but not great...I'd recommend trying one of their other choices. And because I came here for the mac in the first place, I ordered a separate Smokehouse Mac ($8.95): Smoked Gouda Cheese & Applewood Smoked Bacon with Barbecue Sauce. This was a HUGE portion, super rich and HEAVY. I am a gouda LOVER, but this was a bit much to eat.Another small qualm, I called in initially to ask if they had free wifi....I was told yes.  When I arrived, I could not get it to work for my laptop or my phone.  After asking multiple employees, some said they did offer it...some said no.  And nobody was able to help me get it working.Good luck!
4	Great first time experience...food tasted fresh and great! I had the crazy Alfredo and it was done very nicely...Will go back definitely
2	This place is so-so at best. Good in a pinch but not a first pick. The califlower was the best dish we had. The second visit still didn't impress, which I was so hoping it would. It's a cute place and I really wanted to love it. But the sauce all taste the same whether you chose white or red...wawawa! Lunch maybe, dinner NO! They need to step it up a notch!
3	3.5 stars rounded down. The food is good, I just think it's a little on the expensive side...it is after all just pasta with a few chunks of ingredient X and a sauce. Pretty good combinations on the menu plus you can create your own if you like. They also do salads - I haven't had a bad one. They do a "Lunch special" which isn't really a good deal at all sadly. For $7.99 you get a regular side salad, breadstick, drink, and some pasta. It's a smaller pasta portion and you basically get to choose a pasta type and a sauce... if you want anything more like some meat or veggies you have to pay a lot more per item. So it ends up being as expensive or more than a regular pasta dish. Pretty lame "deal". They also do "pasta points" where they will track your purchases and once you get to 10 points you get a free pasta dish. Don't get too excited...only the full price pasta dishes count :(
4	Hardly ever disappointed. Pasta is cooked perfectly and sauces are fantastic. Kids meals are cheap and they sell cupcakes! Yum! They also have a very modern soda machine... Pretty sure it can make you anything you've dreamed of!
4	Oooo, the Mac Shack. I've been hearing a lot about this place in the past year, but never gave this place a shot until my friends and I decided to give it a try.You hear the name of the place and more than likely, the firs thing that comes to your mind is macaroni and cheese. That is something they definitely have for you to get and try out, but they also have some delicious pastas to try out as well. Their menu selections of pastas are decent, and the macaroni selection is a little less as well, but what their menu may lack in selection, makes up for it in customization; they have build your own pasta with many different kids of sauces, pastas, meats, and fillings. With that in mind, they also have some salads and different sides you can add to your meal, and even a few sandwiches, one of which that seems interesting enough, a grilled PB&J. On my visit though, I didn't get the PB&J on this visit, but I did get the cauliflower gratin with my pasta, which was called bottle service. Bottle service comes in penne pasta and the pasta was cooked al dente and just right. The sauce went very well with the pasta and the sirloin beef & mushrooms. If you order bread and dip it into the pasta sauce, it makes for a delicious meal ahead of you. The cauliflower gratin was very good. The cauliflower wasn't too soft and soggy, and had the right amount of crunch. The crumbs, cheese, and sauce put on top of the cauliflower made for some delicious side bites to go along with my pasta. One bonus, is that with a yelp check in, you get free garlic bread! The garlic bread that I ate wasn't too garlicy, or even had a real garlic taste to it, but it did taste like the bread they make from pretzels to me, just a teeny bit. Another bonus about this place is that they have that fancy soda machine that is only one machine and has that wide selection of various drinks and additives you can add to your beverage for ultimate customization. This can be bonus to some, or not, but when you are done eating, you don't have to really clean up after yourself, the staff cleans up after you, so that's awesome in itself to me!Overall, I loved the feel that I got while I was in Mac Shack. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, and the environment was amazing. Give this place a visit for a casual meal with family and/or friends!
3	.................
4	I love this place. I never really ate pasta before I moved to Las Vegas, but I crave this place about once per week. Their prices are a little high for what feels like a fast food pasta place, but the staff are always nice and the food seems fresh and is always tasty. I don't think the lunch deal is the way to go unless you really want a soda with your food...you get a really small salad, breadstick and a small bowl of pasta with a sauce - no toppings! I'll definitely be back.
4	My wife and I met up for lunch and we headed for Claim Jumper. We pulled in the parking lot and I noticed a sign that said "...pasta". The rest was blocked from view, so I started trying to figure out what it was. I found the name and looked it up here on Yelp. We changed our plans and decided to try something new. I had their Crazy Pasta (I think that's the name), but without jalapenos. It was really good. It contained noodles, alfredo sauce, sun dried tomatoes, chicken, shrimp, Italian sausage, red peppers, and green peppers.My daughter had chicken fettuccine alfredo. My wife had some kind of pasta with shrimp in it. They both loved their food as well.We also got a free order of bread sticks for checking with Yelp right before we ordered. We'll definitely be going back.
4	I always drive past this place whenever I'm in the Summerlin area and I finally decided to try it out. The place reminds me of Panera Bread, but a pasta-only version. I ordered the Crazy Alfredo because I that's what I saw people rave the most about on Yelp. It was $10 and some change and I thought the portion size was more than enough. It had A LOT in it and I wasn't able to finish the whole bowl. My boyfriend did the "create your own pasta" option, which is a starting price of $7.99 but 1.25 for extra add ons. He's a plain Jane so he basically ordered a fettuccine shrimp Alfredo, but he liked it, so whatever lol.We used the "free order of garlic bread" offer which was an order of 2 garlic breads. They were pretty good. Nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about either.I'd recommend going during the times they have lunch specials. It's $7.99 for your choice of pasta, garlic bread, and a drink. All in all, really good place to go for a filling, inexpensive lunch.
5	What a delightful lunch I had at Mac Shack. Great place, wonderful service and friendly staff. The restaurant gives you a hint of how delicious the food is when you walk through the door. The aroma of good food greets you as you enter. Great for business lunches and families!
3	The food is good,a bit on the pricy side for just pasta. I wished they had revised there menu to make it more healthier overall. Very heavy on the calories, which makes me want to visit only once every few months.
3	Good pasta but a bit expensive. I had the broccoli pesto and the food was good, but they did not skimp on the pesto or the oil. After I finished the bottom of the bowl was still full of oil and pesto. It was good but be aware you may be in for more than you expect! My boyfriend had the baked rigatoni and thought it was pretty good except the sauce was a bit bland-needed more spices. We also had the meatball side and the garlic bread side. The meatballs were pretty generic, okay but not great but I did not like the garlic breadsticks at all. It seemed like it was just dipped in garlic powder and didn't have an authentic taste to it.Overall I gave it 3 stars because the pasta was good and the chicken and broccoli in my dish was cooked very well. Be aware of the prices though, for 2 pasta dishes and 1 side (the garlic bread was a free offer) and 2 fountain drinks it was $26 so kinda expensive when it is essentially a pasta restaurant with a few extra additions to a dish. Worth trying and I really want to come back and try the mac and cheese - if it's called the mac shack it had better be delicious!
2	Don't go after 8:30.  Their staff only cares about closing up and ignores anyone still in the restaurant.  Never received garlic bread and had to ask for refund; and they took away the iced tea from the beverage station with 5 - 6 tables still occupied.  May never go back.  Only giving 2 stars because food was good and the cashier re-stocked the Tootsie Pop display.
3	The few times I've been here, the pasta is awesome. But the service never fails to piss me off.Let's talk about the good things first. Usually when I come here, I get the pepperjack mac with some extra cheese. Delicious and cooked fast, the chefs here are always speedy in pumping out orders and making the pasta just the way you like.The price is a little high, but the proportions are so large that there is usually enough left for me to take home, that is, if I can get a damn to-go box around this place.A couple problems with the people that are hired here. I'm all for employing younger people, particularly students trying to pay their way through college, but how is it that a place that serves beer/alcohol has not one person over 21 on the schedule? There's been a few times I've come here and either can't order a beer from the fridge I'm staring at or have to wait 20 minutes for them to find the manager. Plan and schedule your employees accordingly.Last time I was here, swear to holy potato, EIGHT tables were empty and trashed. No one was cleaning up. Luckily the drink machines are self serve, but me and my friend who sat their talking for almost an hour and a half, had not one person come by to take away the dirty dishes or offer us a to-go box. They have done this in the past so I know it's something they are trained to do, and when I got up to go refill my soda, I saw two employees sitting and texting on their cellphones. Maybe they were on break, but no one else was around to clean up the havoc of a mess the place was in.As good as the pasta is here, the dirty environment and lazy workers makes me worry about the sanitary conditions of the food. Probably won't be visiting here that much anymore.
4	I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out! There is a location right down the street from where I live, and this one is right down the street from where I work! It is like my carb destiny!This restaurant is probably the perfect balance between fast food and casual restaurant. The inside is bright and charming, the employees are friendly, and the service is fast. All of the entrees cost between $8-$12 on average, so it is not a place you'll break the bank.  Mac Shack is great for a quick, casual lunch with a friend or co-worker when you don't have enough time for something more formal, but don't want fast food or subs.When you walk in, you are greeted with a large overhead menu. You place your order and pay at the counter, then if you are dining there, you're given a number placard and a server will bring your food. The service was great, and we were checked upon several times during the course of our meal.I ordered the Crazy Alfredo, without the jalepenos. In retrospect, that might have been a bad decision, because it did need some additional seasoning. Aside from that, it was great- lots of meat, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes. It was very cheesy, and the pasta was cooked just right. I decided to only eat a little and save the rest for dinner. The serving size was plentiful and I would have been full if I'd eaten the whole thing. My friend ordered the Broccoli Pesto Pasta without chicken (she's a vegetarian), and she finished everything. I was very pleased with the Mac Shack and look forward to trying other dishes- and they have a mac & cheese grilled cheese sandwich?! What!
3	Great pasta and great choices! Also, they have one of those fancy self operated soda fountains. I love those :)Prices can get high when you decide to make your own (my favorite is the classic mac with capers) and they have Cupcakery cupcakes there as dessert. The food is always made to order, and served hot at your table of choice. And when you are done you can help yourself to a Tootsie pop. I will say that the cupcakes can be a hit or miss as they are not labeled, and the employees here do not know what they are. Unless you frequent the Cupcakery you have no idea what cupcake is what.  Also the table serve can lack depending on who works there. The last time my friend and I came in nearly every table was full of plates, and the entire time we were there they were not cleared. And they weren't busy, and they had quite a few people working.
2	First off the customer service in this place is great.I walked in to the mac shack wanting and hoping for a warm, cheesy, goodness that would be the next new level in my mac and cheese arsenal.so I ordered the "smoke house" mac and cheese, which by the description from the menu sounded ridiculous. I was pumped, I thought to my self man this is going to be epic!!!also got the garlic bread (because I love some good garlic bread) so I sat down in there very well done restaurant areaThen a short time after I got the soup...I mean mac ... well it could have passed for soup. looking at it stomach rumbling I take a bite, instantly an overwhelming taste of very sweet bbq sauce hit my taste buds and not a hint of the smoked gouda as promised from the menu. The dish resembled vodka sauce and mac elbows, no cheese and so much soupy sauce that I could soke it up with the garlic butter covered little Cesar's style bread sticks.after about 6 bites I gave up and abandoned the dish.I do really wish that I would have had a better experience at this fast casual restaurant. maybe the cook needs to be retrained or replaced either way they wont getting any $13 lunches from me. to me first impressions are everything and should be. this places food did not impress me in the slightest.
5	Pasta and cupcakes cannot beat that. The jazzy Sinatra and Tony Bennett music filling the space made me feel humbly in love with each bite of my pasta. My new place of serenity.
5	Outstanding. Came in here for a quick bite to eat and ended up leaving with enough leftovers for another meal. Located in the same shopping plaza as Barnes and Nobles. The set is really cute and cozy and I immediately loved the atmosphere.  I ordered the Cheddar Mac with a Caesar salad and both were so flavorful. My boyfriend did the create your own- penne  with pesto, mushrooms, and shrimp.Will definitely return.
5	This is such a great spot!  The customer service is fantastic and the food is delicious.  You can get the lunch special in the afternoon and they support veterans by offering military discount.Thank you for giving back to troops Mac Shack! Oh yeah, I love their iced green tea as well :)
5	This is the best restaurant I know for Mac and Cheese! The flavor their dishes have are wonderfully delicious!
2	I live in Summerlin and everytime I drive down Charleston I say to myself, I need to try this place!  I finally did and I wasn't impressed.  I went around 6pm and when I walked in, it was not that busy.  70% of the tables were occupied and no line.  As I looked over the menu, everything sounded pretty good. I walked up and decided to go with a fettuccine alfredo with chicken +broccoli (add .50), side caesar salad and breadsticks... I was hungry!!! I wish I would have checked in before I ordered, because I would have gotten those breadsticks for free. DARN!  I also got a soda and with tax, my bill was about $16.  For an entree, salad, breadsticks and soda, I didn't feel like I overpaid.... I would say prices are in line with places like Panera.  But, it's not a full service restaurant, so some would debate the prices.I will say that this place is pretty sexy inside. Faux leather banquettes with the reclaimed wood feel. Chalkboards fill the restaurant with words like "organic chicken" "THE BEST" and other words that try to make this place something that it's not..... And that would be a place for foodies.My meal arrived and that's when everything went downhill.... Fettuccine was bland, definitely needed more cheese, salt.... SOMETHING!  As I'm eating my rubbery processed chicken, I'm looking at the chalkboard that says fresh organic chicken.... I'm in this industry, I know what fresh grilled chicken tastes like, and the chicken they serve here is NOT that.  The breadsticks were not that soft and barely had any garlic flavor..... The salad was pretty tasty though. The dressing had a nice garlic bite to it and the croutons were fresh and crunchy.  Mac Shack really needs to think about sourcing fresh ingredients, because the chicken in my fettuccine was processed and the broccoli was frozen and microwaved/steamed.  This place needs to focus on transparency because it's trying to be something that it's not.  You're a modern looking Panera with slightly higher prices.  I will give you one more chance in about 3 months....
5	Love this place. Never thought there were so many ways to make noodles and sauce. Bottle service is by far my favorite. It's perfect great food that I love and so does my 3 year old; now that's rare. The do to go service too!
3	Nice atmosphere and decent food. I had the Pepper Jack Mac and Cheese which was just the right amount of cheesy and spicy. I previously came and created my own pasta I noticed it was lacking salt. I had the same problem when I tried my moms pasta but that could just be my taste buds. Overall, it's a good place to pick up a quick meal.
5	Yum, first time here and it was pretty delicious. I had some reservations after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Food was fast and tasty, the customer service was great.
5	Yum!!!! Fantastic food, great service!! Lunch special for 7.99 is a great deal! Your choice of pasta, garlic bread, and a salad or soup! I love the vodka sauce with angel hair pasta! The place is clean and the food is hot and fresh! Great fresh ingredients too! Been here several times now and love it!
4	I ate here for lunch. I thought the macaroni was good and just needed a little salt and pepper. The sweet corn soup was amazing. It is a great place to go if you want some pasta. I like that you can make your own pasta dish using ingredients you choose.
3	Mac Shack is a decent fast service restaurant. I've been to this particular location quite a few times and have ordered a few different things. My favorite dish is the create your own pasta with wagon wheels, vodka sauce, ricotta, and spinach. That's what I ordered today. However I received the same thing minus the spinach plus red peppers. I unfortunately didn't get my receipt either so I didn't feel like saying anything. I just sat there and ate it instead. Luckily I like red peppers so it tasted fine. I love the Yelp check in for free breadsticks! Mac Shack is a cool concept but I probably won't be back for a while. My roommate was extremely disappointed with her meal for the third time now and the employees I've encountered aren't that friendly. If anything I would just order to go..but at that point I could always make pasta at home! I'll give it another go sometime in the future.
5	I've been coming to the salon next door for months and I can't believe I am just now trying this place! It's so good and easy to customize your order. I don't eat much pasta, so the fact that they had a way to order meats and veggies with the sauce still made my day. Plus, it was fast and incredibly reasonably priced for the quality of food.
4	Just right!  Good portion for the price.  We were all satisfied with our dinner, food was served to the table just as I was returning from the drink station.  Friendly staff, clean place and great music!Couldn't find any hi-chairs though.  We will definitely be going back!
2	I was crazy excited to go here. I love, love, love pasta.  You walk in and it's cafeteria style but urban chic.  Nice high ceilings and open layout is welcoming and clean. The girl helping me was nice bc it was my first visit there.  I got the lunch combo with the mushroom soup and build your own pasta with wagon wheels and meat sauce.( yes wagon wheels made me giggle and feel kiddish but they really do hold the sauce well) okay back to the review.  My food, the soup.  It was a weird texture but I love soup and I love mushrooms. It was like they put mushrooms in a food processor and chopped the mushrooms up to little ground grain sized pieces. Like polenta or grits.  Anyway it was tasty because I like mushrooms but weird at the same time. My pasta was a huge let down.  Over cooked. I was eating mush. I felt like a baby or an old lady without teeth that needed get noodles to be mushy and fall apart soft...yucky.  I'm a girl who likes my pasta aldente.  I wanted to complain but I got over it because I was full from the soup and breadstick anyway.  Ended up taking it home and trying to pawn it off on someone else.  So sad because the mac and cheese combos sound so good but not if my noodles are gonna remind me of paste not pasta.Good place for large groups because you pay before you get your food, it's casual, people can get what they want and the place had an overall comfortable chill vibe.
4	Good amount of food for a decent price. I have heard a lot of good reviews about this place and I am glad I came. I ordered the create your own pasta, which was delicious. I would have given this place 5 stars but the cashier helping my party told us she could take us and as we were getting ready to pay she made us wait while she took a long phone call. Thankfully, the other staff member helped us after he realized we were waiting awhile. Overall this place was really good, definitely coming back.
4	The $8 lunch special, offered Monday-Saturday from 11AM-3PM, will get you a bowl of pasta, a side of soup or salad, a breadstick and a drink. You're free to add in pasta toppings for additional charges. Opted for the rigatoni with pesto, added mushrooms and gorgonzola (50 cents each), the side of mushroom soup, bread stick and an iced green tea. Ordered to go, ready in under 10 minutes, cute and modern decorating scheme, I have a weakness for chalkboard menus.Pasta was a filling al dente portion with a perfect pesto, that didn't make me feel as if I'd ingested 1200 calories as I would at most Italian chain restaurants. Adding mushrooms and gorgonzola for a buck was both cheap and tasty. Could have done without the breadstick but holy shit that mushroom soup- I'd come back JUST for this soup, with the chunky bits of mushroom and full bodied flavor, enhanced by a drizzle of basil oil.
4	Tasty selection of mac and cheese.  Got the smokehouse mac and the pepper jack mac...the smokehouse was definitely smokey and slightly sweet.  I think I actually liked the pepper jack mac slightly better, just for the savoriness.  All in all, short menu and quality food for what they do have.
3	Tried Mac Shack for lunch with my wife.  It's a cafeteria style concept with fixed menu items or design your own pasta.   I ordered the Angel Hair with fresh tomato sauce and my wife had the Caprese Grilled Cheese sandwich.  Food was just ok....my pasta sauce had a strange chemical like taste and was overloaded with garlic.  I ate about one-third of the large bowl full.  My wife's Caprese sandwich was better than my pasta, although the bread became soggy very quickly, from the tomatoes, I suppose. We waited what seemed like a long time for our meals to be delivered. The restaurant is spacious and has a nice, clean, retro-industrial vibe.  The restaurant staff was friendly and the overall service was very good. We'll probably try Mac Shack again; it's a great Pasta "fast food plus" concept that has potential and deserves a second chance. Suggestion to the restaurant is to put menus on the tables so diners can explore all the options. Currently, there's only a single large board menu hanging above the food line which is hard to read from the dining area.
5	Hot damn, could this be a new obession!?!? My thighs say NO my heart says HELL YES
3	I've passed by this place many times visiting my mum in Rhodes Ranch, and having discovered one near my work I decided to give it a go while meeting up with an old work friend who came in town.  I'm always in search of great mac n cheese, so I figured a place named as such would provide a good example of one.  Well, I'm not quite convinced...You walk up to the counter to order and then they bring the food out to you.  Great service, everyone pleasant and accomodating.  They have one of those million choices soda machine which I love, so I get the diet ginger ale.  More places need to have diet ginger ale and diet Fanta.  Just sayin'.  I ordered the Smokehouse Mac, since it seemed to offer an inkling of protein.  Should have read the barbecue sauce part, just read the smoked gouda and bacon and was thinking something different than what I actually got.  In fact, I wish they made it just with the smoked gouda and bacon because I think it would have tasted better.  The barbecue sauce flavor sort of killed it, I think.  My buddy ordered a mac sandwich and I don't know that having a mound of macaroni in between bread is my ideal, but that bread looked absolutely amazing!  I might have to try the grilled cheese sandwich next time.It's a decent mac, nothing spectacular, but at $8.95 it's not a bad deal.  With the drink it came out to under $12 total so it's easy on the pocketbook, especially for dinner.  They also have alcohol, which would have gone well with the food but I was at work..Table-for-1 Factor:  Having that luxury fast-food concept that's popular these days, it's an ideal place to grab a bite by your lonesome.
5	This place is great, the possibilities are endless. Great choices for all. The food taste so good you don't need to add any extra cheese. Great service, and very clean.  Very good selection of ambience music at the perfect volume...
4	Tried Mac Shack for the first time today. Kids loved it. You get to choose your own pasta and sauce and add any meat or sides. Only complaint was the garlic bread was way to salty. Had to wipe off with napkin. Definitely plan to come back to try all the different pasta options.
5	Oh my gosh! This is the cutest little place! My family and I came here on a Sunday with a party of 5. The atmosphere is contemporary in our opinion & the service was superb! The guy in from (a pity I do not know his name, but he did have tattoos and facial hair :) made the beginning of our stay memorable and positive. He was attentive and sweet. With out a doubt it's a perfect place to take the family for a little lunch or dinner. We ordered the baked rigatoni, kids mac'n cheese, create your own pasta, sweet corn soup, and hedge salad (my least favorite.. Only because I am not a blue cheese lover.) but if you're a blue cheese lover that salad is awesome! All in all this restaurant gets a 5 out of 5. Food and service was awesomely awesome! :) everyone should eat here at least once!
5	Love this place. I've tried a few things off the menu...all pretty awesome. You can add any ingredients into the pasta and they have tons of pasta types to choose from. The lunch special is a great deal. Nice decor and the food is always at the table within just a few minutes of ordering. They make it when you order so it's always really fresh. The penne vodka and sweet corn soup are among my favorites. And it's just never too crowded.
2	Mac Shack WAS a favorite place of mine but recently their quality of food has declined greatly! My family and I had dinner there this evening, the chicken was rubbery and dish was cold. Breadsticks tasted old and lukewarm at best. This is an ok place, it's quick and the staff is friendly. Not on the cheap side of things, 2 adults and 1 child = $45.00. Not a fan anymore!
1	This place falls to the bottom of my list of honest restaurants - they are scam artists. I can't justify giving them any more money when their flavor and culinary execution is mediocre and they scam people out of proper portions.Here's what we ordered: Create your own: fettuccine + alfredo + chicken + garlic + sun dried tomatoes + crimini mushrooms + basil. The fettuccine noodles were cooked a minute or 2 past al dente, yet the alfredo sauce was actually creamy, rich and satisfying and I tasted some garlic, not too much. The sun dried tomato flavor was muted, they were not tangy or sweet - they tasted like they came straight out of a can and soaked in preservatives. The basil looked like someone sneezed one leaf onto the dish, just tiny specs here and there - it was truly nonexistent and not worth adding. Also, the pre-cooked/processed, bland, chicken was overcooked, dry, and rubbery - it really tasted like the cooked chicken that is packaged in the refrigerated section of the supermarket. However, I'll admit the overall pasta portion size was decent. I mean, if you must, and you have a pasta-carbo-loading-emergency, I would recommend trying the pasta here and judge for yourself - you might get your satisfaction. But! Be careful and don't have high expectations...you might end up in a better position than me. Flavor rating: 3/5Create your own: gnocchi + pesto + garlic + cremini mushrooms. They are way too heavy handed with the oil here. It was swimming in at least 4-5 tablespoons of oil. The oil soaked gnocchi were soggy, mushy and didn't have any bite to them. Plus, the (oily) pesto lacked so much freshness and flavor - that's a pesto no-no. Pesto craving = unsatisfied. The portion on this one was the size of a petite women's fist, but I guess that's not a bad thing since it was terrible anyways. Flavor rating: 1/5We also ordered the sweet corn and the mushroom soup with basil oil. The taste of both soups were far from memorable. The consistency of the mushroom soup was thick, gritty, and too unpleasing to the palate. It tasted like someone's haphazard kitchen experiment. The flavor of this soup was really weak and one-noted, I also didn't taste any earthiness or nutty flavor of mushrooms. Not to mention, the gorgeous basil oil drizzle was a gimmick- pretty color, but no taste. What's the point? It all falls to the bottom of my flavor radar. Flavor rating: 1/5I found preference in the sweet corn soup, yet, it's still never something that I would need to order again. It had a slightly sweet, smooth texture, milky and not too creamy (no corn kernels detected.) For corn fanatics, I still wouldn't recommend this soup because of the horrendous serving size they try to get away with giving you. Flavor rating: 3/5I'm irked and extremely disappointed in their soup to-go serving portions. They told us that they only offer 1 size, and for $4, the serving is much less than a standard sized coke can! It was literally 3 tablespoons worth of soup - It's seriously a prank on how little soup they gave us. I felt extremely offended and robbed. How do you pull off charging $4 for 3 sips of soup? I would never, ever, recommend the soups here - a total scam! (Refer to my 2 pictures of their soups side-by-side to a coke can to see their disturbing portion size) Oh, and about their Yelp check in offer: 1 order (2 pieces) of free, dry-as-cardboard-and-no-garlic-seasoning "garlic bread" was terrible. Lets just put it this way - If I tossed it at a window it would definitely shatter. Thanks but no thanks. Free things are great, but why even bother? It's a waste of food! (Even scavenger/bread loving pigeons would turn their beak away from these) Flavor rating: 0/5Consider yourself duly warned.
4	Om nom nom....who doesn't love some delicious pasta?!?!?! Um, my absolute favorite thing here is the gnocchi with bacon alfredo...I know what you're thinking...BACON ALFREDO?!?!?! yes, it is as amazing and artery clogging as it sounds :) Luckily it's a side dish and comes in a small portion so you don't keel over and die. Otherwise, this is just like any good ole semi-fast restaurant that serves fresh pasta and salads. Also, I love that they're always playing old school Sinatra/RatPack music, and the seating area is spacious and clean. There is supposedly a "pasta club" where if you sign up and order 10 entrees, you get $10 off your next purchase (basically your 11th pasta free...)
5	Perfection. From your Togo containers, to your lighting fixtures-- my husband and I are in love. The food selection for me, a vegetarian variation that eats fish, loved the "make your own" pasta with Alfredo, shrimp and broccoli. It was amazing. Your food runner looked like Puck from Glee, and I liked that too. The mother load of soda machines is there as well, offering a vast amount of drinks; my favorite- Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper. So good! My husband and I will be back very shortly. I think maybe tonight. Mhmmmm
4	The whole menu sounds delicious, but I went with the Philly Cheese Steak Mac n Cheese. I made a good decision. The mac n cheese is creamy with a lot if stretchy cheese. The veggies and steak in it were also cooked really well. They also use a good amount of pepper and I loved that. The service was friendly and really quick. It's also pretty affordable, and if you can control yourself there's also plenty for leftovers the next day.
3	Stopped in here yesterday and despite my own advice, got the lunch special which left me feeling a bit ripped off at $9.50 for a small salad, breadstick, drink and small bowl of pasta which I had to add broccoli to since it comes with no toppings other than sauce. I really think they should modify their lunch special to include 1-2 toppings. Only kids like plain pasta, right?!
4	First time going here and asked the server what was good and ordered the crazy Alfredo and one more pasta that I forgot what is was.First of all, as I said it was my exciting first experience here, I expected a little tour of how the restaurant works as I saw the open kitchen. However she just pick two items on the menu that was popular.. so.. I ordered them. As I sat there looking at the walls I discovered that there's a great lunch menu specials with sides... wasn't too happy to see that.Anyway, decent taste, clean restaurant.  I would go back when I want pasta again.  This place is affordable.
5	Great addition to the Vegas culinary scene. Before my first visit, I was afraid it was going to be some weird gourmet place but they have a great selection of hearty dishes, friendly and professional staff, and some great specials, like kids eating free on Sundays.
4	I love the concept of this restaurant. Their sauces and pasta are great.  I give it a 4 because i have had multiple experiences where the chicken is tough and too chewy, also because they need to invest in some good breadsticks!
4	Great and affordable place for pasta and carb lovers. I've been here a couple of times since it's opened and the food and service has always been good. I love the open kitchen concept where you can see the cooks creating the dishes one by one. I've tried some of the favorite pasta bowls as well as the Create Your Own bowls and they are delicious for the most part. The pasta is not overcooked and they don't drown it in sauce, like some other places do. The only complaint I have is that they can be stingy on the amount of meat they put in.
3	Food is good. Online ordering sucks. Have ordered twice now once for delicery once for pickup and they claim they haven't gotten either order even tho I have confirmations. Don't waste your timeOrdering online just go in if you want to eat there
4	Great concept for a pasta place quick and easy pasta they prepare the food fresh. Transactions are done Like on the counter and they give you a number with which they deliver the food to your table. The quality and the quantity of the food was good. Place had a great feel to it, and the atmosphere was more of a family Deli. I would definitely come back to this place to try other pasta dishes.
5	Great lunch today and great prices as usual! Love this location's ambience, which probably appeals more to the [usual] highbrow summerlin community. I like Mac shack because I find consistency between both locations in food and service. Today my friend and I had a great lunch, check out our photos. This isn't a bad spot to do dinner study session (fyi) either if you're a college student like me and the staff doesn't mind. Manager, ferrol, here is personable, helpful, and knowledgable; all around great guy! We will be back again soon.
5	The mushroom soup is the best
5	Great place for a quick family meal where everyone gets a choice.  Healthy options is you choose them. Kids love this place.
5	We have been here twice, and both times the food had been delicious. On this trip, my wife had the pomodoro fresco with a side of meatballs, and i had the crazy alfredo. The alfredo was spiced just right with large pieces of jalapeno mixed in with sausage, chicken, shrimp and sun dried tomatoes. Each dish will serve two people, but, if you're feeling decadent, you can always get to go boxes.
5	Loved this place! Went for lunch and all the food we ordered was amazing and tons left over for dinner that night! Highly recommend this place!
5	Freshest pasta with the best bread sticks. Most helpful workers and very nice. Menus has changed but still the best!
4	If you are willing to embrace your inner child, this is the perfect dinner scene!  It's totally cool! I went last night and ordered the Smokehouse, which is made with bacon, BBQ sauce, and gouda. It was delicious!  Truthfully, the pasta is a little over cooked, but I really don't mind.I also ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was good, but tasted like a little cheap red wine mixed with a lot of cranberry juice and a sh*t-ton of ice. What's cool is the price of sangria on Saturday- normally a pitcher costs $24 but Saturdays it's  $15! They add lemon/orange slices and maraschino cherries, which was also cool, but it's still not really sangria and you won't get a buzz. Womp womp.I would TOTALLY revisit and try other stuff on the menu- especially since prices seem pretty fair (if they're actually using the ingredients they list on their menu). I liked having the option of sitting outside,  too.
5	I was looking for a Mac n cheese restaurant and this was recommended. Although in summerlin, which I should consider a trek. Not considered to LA tradfic!! Quit order restaurant. Must try!!!
5	I work close to this Mac Shack and went during my lunch break for the first time.  I had the Spinach and Artichoke Mac.  Good portion size and very tasty!  Staff was friendly.  Menu has a great selection and make your own mac/pasta dish.  Prices are very reasonable.  I definitely recommend!
5	I love this place. The music is old Sinatra. The food is amazing with endless possibilities. Fast service. Great people.Muah, Mac Shack, Muah.
1	If you have more tan four you are out pluck siting together if someone has the only table. You can have whole wheat pasta on anything as long as it is penne.
4	I always come here for the lunch special.The quality of the food is always good. Salad is always fresh and crunchy. Pasta is cooked right every time. My favorite is their garlic bread, i like to get an extra order on top of the one given with the lunch special. The staff doesn't smile, but they never get my order wrong & serve me quick so that's good enough for me.
3	Semi-fast food at a reasonable price. Mac Shack is a good, quick option for lunch or dinner in the Summerlin area. They offer lunch specials and even delivery. On the two occasions I have ordered pick up from here, I have stuck with the variations on mac and cheese. My favorite, the Asiago and bleu cheese mac and cheese is no long on the menu, so I ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese on my second visit. Both are decent and the portions are enough for two meals, so it's a good option for lunch and dinner.
3	Not impressed!  Boring!  I wanna support the owner but I was really let down and bored!  Have not considered trying again cause I was so bored!
5	My family and I tried this place for the first time yesterday. They have a great selection of pastas, salads, and mac n cheese dishes. You can create your own bowl of pasta (choose the pasta, sauce, and  meat that you want) which is a great idea!  Very quick service and a friendly staff too!I will definitely return for more.
3	The pasta at Mac Shack is very good.  If I were rating the restaurant only on the basis of the food itself, I would give it a 5 out of 5.  I have been three times to MS after discovering it.  I often have lunch at the Jersey Mikes at the corner of Warm Springs and Durango.  I saw Mac Shack but never paid attention:  I thought it was some sort of repair or shop for Mac computers.  Then I noticed the elbow pasta on the sign and realized it was a restaurant.  I had the mac and cheese with truffle oil and it was outstanding.  Also had the baked rigatoni and the pomodoro fresca.  The pasta is always done perfectly -- al dente.  And everything is fresh and good quality.  I also had the side salad.  So the food is outstanding.The Summerlin location has one of those new cola dispensing machines that has hundreds of combinations.  I hate those machines.  Will stick with the Warm Springs location which has the "old fashioned" dispensers.  I waited in line at the fancy, high tech dispenser while about 5 people in front of me, including kids, took forever to get their soda -- some not knowing how the dispenser worked.  Annoying and these new machines are not worth the fuss.The Summerlin location had some loud irritating music playing.  I don't remember experiencing that at the Warm Springs location.The customer relations is where I have a problem.  The first two days that I went to MS was at about 2 p.m. in the afternoon -- within the window of their lunch special.  I didn't notice any signs for the $7.99 lunch special.  I ordered pasta with a side salad and a soda.  Instead of paying $7.99 I paid full price, over $15, not realizing there was a lunch special.  It would have been nice if the order taker had the courtesy to mention that they had a lunch special.  Bad customer relations.  If MS wants to build customer loyalty it would be nice if they had alerted me to the lunch special.Today I went and placed my order at the Summerlin location.  As I was placing my order I asked the cashier about the pasta rewards plan.  She said that every time you visit you get your card stamped and after ten visits the next meal is free.  I said I wanted to sign up.  She said, sorry, but she could not sign me up because she had already swiped my credit card and the order was put through.  She said the next time I come in to make sure to ask to join BEFORE I place my order.  Not sure there will be a next time.  That is bogus.  Again, great food but very poor customer relations.  They should have the ability to sign up a customer even if they have placed their order. So, I would have given MS a 5 out of 5 but for what, in my opinion, is really bad customer relations.  Dining out is more than just the food itself.  It is the atmosphere, the service and the customer relations.  MS has fantastic food.  But customer relations is a 1 out of 5.  Hence my rating of 3.My not being alerted to the lunch special and my not getting a point for my meal tonight has left me with a bad feeling and I am not as enthusiastic about returning.
3	Decided to wait to write this review until our second trip to mac shack because the first left a little something to be desired. But after the second I've decided the real issue here is the systems. Our first trip resulted in one wrong order and our second in a wrong order and a cold soup. The food itself is very good. I had the taco Mac the first time and it was fantastic. On the second trip I tried the lunch special (available until 5) but I won't make that mistake again. The lunch special is essentially a make your own pasta with a soup and drink for about 50 cents more than the normal make your own deal. The catch is that any additional items (beyond sauce) are extra which really limits the possibilities. If you come to Mac shack and stick with the menu items and are lucky enough to get your order correctly you'll be made in the shade. I will say the staff was very nice through all of the mistakes. Thanks!
2	Pasta is quite good"Service is good . But I didn't like the fact I saw the cook !!! Touch the fettuccine with his Bear hands ..... When I ask why????? Employee response was!!!!! they're going to put it in hot Boiling water to take out any germs. Not sure I think that's was a good Answer ...... Still he was polite about it. And I'm glad he didn't have an attitude.
4	The food is absolutely never a disappointment. Some of the workers, however, are kind of rude and act like you are bothering them or something. Definitely become one of the pasta club members so you can get a free meal!
