5	The staff was knowledgeable about their products as well as competitors products. helped me select 4 bikes for my kids lifetime tune ups and the best price in town. I would use again.
5	Excellent service and the lifetime tune ups shows me that this company was serious about what they sell and how they are willing to back in up.They have all my business from here out...Georg
5	Excellent service. They worked on my cheap Target double suspension bike (needed new chain) and gave it the All Star treatment. Have a great inventory and lifetime service if you buy a bike. I am definitely going there for an upgrade once mine bites the dust.
5	Called around for sbd cleats and they had a great price.  Drew was great and took off the old ones and put on the new ones with no extra charge.  Def would go back for my bike needs....
5	I spent about 2 months searching for the perfect bike. I finally found the bikes I want. I went over to other places and they didn't have the Giant brand that I was looking for. These guys carried it, and it was on sale! Unfortunately they didn't have it at this store, but they said they will ship it from their other store which took only 2 days. I came in on the 2nd day and there it was, reserved for me. The people there were extremely helpful. Also they tuned and set the bike up for me. Which many places will just give you bike without setup. As I was buying the bike the guy also said that they also do free tune ups for life. This surprised me as usually other bike places cost or sell plans for this. Added benefit booyah!In conclusion I highly recommend these guys for purchasing and tuning of bikes. They live and breathe bikes!
1	I took my bike to them because they are right down the street from where I work and I commute to work by bike. I had them fix a few flats for me and didn't have any problem with that. One of the guys suggested that I get a tune up and I agreed since my chain was rubbing when I was in certain gears. I took it to them and they suggested that I get a new chain. I came back for the bike and road it around and noticed that the chain was slipping. They told me that I needed a new back sprocket. So I had them replace that. Then I rode it around some more and I kept finding things wrong with my bike. I stayed at the store and kept going back when I would find something new. It took them quite a while to figure out that it was the back sprocket. Then they kept doing a half assed job adjusting the shifters that I had to keep coming back. I wasn't too pleased with how they did everything, but I was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt. I had them replace the tires and just today I found out that they had stripped my front skewer on my bike. I had a flat and when I went to pull off the front tire I couldn't get it off. They stripped it and I don't they were afrid to tell me about it. I tried calling them and I get that their voice mail box is full (this isn't the first time either). I just don't feel like they know what they are doing and they don't seem very professional. I am going to go to another bike shop.
1	Bought an inner tube for my grandsons tire. As it turned out, my daughter already had  one. Went to return the tube (unused in box) unfortunately I couldn't find the receipt. They wouldn't refund but said they would give me a store credit. Since I didn't need anything at the time, I asked for a gift card. He said he couldn't give me one, that they would " remember me". I wasn't comfortable with them just "remembering" that I had a store credit and asked again for a gift card, or something to show that I had a credit. He again refused, saying something about the register would be short. He then  became rude and belligerent. As I was walking toward the door he was yelling at me, that I should learn to keep my receipts and said a number of other things that...let's just say at the very least were of extremely poor customer service.
1	Wish I could say I had a good experience here, this past weekend, but alas I cannot.  This was the 4th bike I had purchased here in the last 2 and a half years, the other three times it was a decent experience (2 for my kids, mine last year at this time and now one to replace my girlfriend's bike that had been stolen from our garage).  This time, we came in on a Thursday evening looking for a particular brand and model. No problem, they had it, just not in the size we needed.  The guy that was there was very helpful (but, unfortunately leaving for vacation in 30 minutes) and said he would leave a note to have the size we were looking for built out the next morning so we could come by and try it out later that day.  By mid-day, we had heard nothing, so I called to find out when it would be ready.  Got a long winded story about how the he was all by himself and hadn't gotten to it yet, but he would build it out as his next task.  I said OK  and that we would be by in a few hours to give it a ride, which he indicated would be fine.  2 hours later, he still had not started it and tried to claim he knew nothing about it (now in person, rather than on the phone) until it was pointed out that the staff the previous day had left a note that was clearly visible at the counter. After acknowledging that, it was indicated that it probably wouldn't be ready until Saturday.  Came by at around 4:30pm on Saturday to finally give the desired bike a test ride.  That part went well, and we proceeded to complete the transaction, purchasing one additional item since he offered us 10% off any accessories.  I pointed out that they still needed to add the reflectors and the water bottle holder (which was clearly visible on the size small bike of the same model).  He said that the water bottle holder didn't come with the bike, only the piece that held it to the handlebars.  Once again, I referred to the size small bike (we were buying a size medium) that was 5 feet away and pointed out that we were of the opinion that it should be included. He was having none of it and this after he'd given us the runaround on the build-out.  To top it off, they overcharged me for the under-seat bag and when I went back in to get that corrected, it was a huge deal and wasn't even done right (2 bucks, even after the 10% discount  should have been $1.80 + tax back to me, somehow their cashiering system made that $1.85).  Guess I'll have to start looking around for a new bike shop.
5	After taking my sweet time to find a bike that I would be happy with and a LBS to get it, I bought my Giant MTB at Bikes Direct with the help from Chris Head. Chris was very helpful in taking care of all the details that go into getting the bike all setup. My size wasn't at the store, so it had to be ordered. It came in very quickly and I was riding the local trails in less than a week. In about 2-3 months, I did have a warranty issue that needed to be resolved. With the help from Joe and the shop owner it got resolved fairly quickly, though I wasn't shy about putting a little pressure on them to get it fixed. Their helpfulness has led me to purchase two more bikes at Bike Masters at the San Tan Village which under the same ownership. Chris works there one day per week and was again very helpful in getting my wife and daughter squared away. I highly recommend the bike shops for your bicycle needs!
5	Great place to buy a bike.  Have purchased 3 bikes for my kids from them and they are really cool with the kids as they figured out what they wanted. No hard sell, just good people selling good bikes!  Well Done.
4	I brought my son's bike in for service.  They were fast and the bike looked great when I picked it up.  Their customer service was fantastic so I will return in the future with my other bikes.
5	Needed a bike shipped to the East Coast for a race. Dave was excellent to work with. Broken down, boxed, shipped, and phone calls to let me know fed ex had come and gone. Hassle free, seamless.Tremendous customer service. Thanks so much!
5	OMG I cant say enough about the owners and employees of this place. They have gone above and beyond  to accommodate us and our needs. They even rescued my husband when he had a flat. They have stayed open late and never complained. Thank you for being so accommodating to my familys needs.
5	I needed a birthday gift for my Son asap , I rolled in to bikes direct and they had what I needed at a great price , I bought a Free Agent AL and then turned around and brought his Felt Mini Racer in for a tune up and the staff was great , the price was amazing and I trusted the bike tech working on my bikes . I recommend this place for anybody needing bikes or service !!! Thank you bikes direct !!!!
