5	I liked this place so much I joined Yelp just to review it. This greek restaurant is actually owned by Greeks (gasp!). They have the best gyro pita sandwich in town and awesome french fries with generous portion sizes. My wife and I also split the giant gyro salad that comes with pita bread on the side. Don't be put off by the vanilla atmosphere, if you like greek food then try out this restaurant.
5	I was born and raised in Chicago, and there were gyros on almost any joint's menu.  I'm surprised McDonalds there didn't start serving them.  I believe that I know a good gyro when I taste one, as I've had them anywhere from a genuine greek vendor downtown to a little shack dive on the south side.  That said, Gyro Express' gyro pita is right up there.  I've had it three times.  Each time, I've eaten it slowly savoring the on point taste and the tenderness of the meat.  The pita itself is tasty, and that is a point that a lot of people don't really care about.  The sandwich comes wrapped up nice and neat in two foil wrappers so its nice and easy to eat on the go.Now I've just gone there yesterday and I ordered my usual gyro, but noticed that they had an item from my childhood...a PIZZA PUFF!  I must explain: there was a greasy spoon down the block from my house back in Chicago, and everytime I went somewhere with my mother, I'd beg for a pizza puff from this place.  A pizza puff is just a fried rectange of dough with pizza filling inside of it.  Simple, but so good.  I couldn't believe that it was on their menu, as I haven't met anyone since I moved away from Chi-town who even knew what it was.I ordered one.  I got it and it smelled like when I was a kid.  I cut it open and it looked when I was a kid.  I tasted it, and I WAS a kid again.  It was perfect.  Maybe this place is so awesome because it takes me back to better times, but the food is great.  I can only recommend the gyro and the pizza puff, though, cause' that's all I've had so far.  The staff is nice, food is served quickly, and the prices are right.
4	Well, I know I reviewed this place last year when I first started yelping so I don't know what happened to my review but I stopped in there shortly before leaving t town and just had a drink because I had already eaten but the place smelled wonderful.  I Got back to town in April of this year and stopped in here while I was in the area.  It was no disappointment.  The food was good and the service was better!  This is now on my "things to do in Chandler" list for future trips!
5	Seriously, these guys make an awesome Gyro sandwich!If you ever go to the so called Greek places, and they put lettuce on their Gyron, run screaming. Excellent Kronos gyro meat and perfect tsatziki on a fresh warm pita, the god's will have to ask you..."you lika da juice?"
5	for a cheap, fast, "get my gyro and go" type joint.... this is the bomb!!  I'm used to checking out gyro spots all over phoenix with my friend from Chicago who can never find one that "makes gyros like they do in the Chi"... well this place does!!  they don't skimp on the meat and they don't fuss it up with all the other stuff like the sit down places do.... just good meat, soft pita, and really yummy tzatziki sauce (order extra).  The staff is cool and within a couple months they knew my name.  Chandler folks looking for a good lunch spot need to check it out!
2	I was hopeful but it just wasn't that good.  I had the chicken pita (which they subtitle "shiwirma" on the menu) and steak sandwich.  Actually I shared them both.  And an order of fries.  And a piece of baklava.  Not balaclava.  Those taste fuzzy.So the chicken pita was ok, pretty much a three star kind of thing.  The steak sandwich was not as good.  It did not have enough meat or cheese and the bread was too heavy.  The meat was also not the best quality.The baklava was also only two star worthy.  Poor baklava is just a disappointment.  Skip it.
3	Woah, holy shit, another place that sells Kronos Meat Cone products and calls itself the "best Gyros in town"... which, if true, means every other Gyro spot is also the best in town.  As Richard Christy would say, "It's mah faaavorite".  Food's good, quick service despite being hella-packed, I mean, line out the door packed.  The dude at the counter might have been mentally retarded... not like, drooling and slapping his chest retarded, but functionally retarded.  Anyway, $9 and some change gets you a huge plate of Kronos Meat Cone product, rice, salad, pita (or fries if you can get the mongoloid to understand your request), and a drink.
5	update! ...been going there for years... went back recently and they still know my name, and still make the best gyro i've had in Phoenix!  They are obviously doing something right, there was a line to the door last time I went... which i had never seen there before.  I took my gyro back to work and all my co-workers were in amazement at how good it looked, how big it is, how much meat they give you, etc etc... of course i couldn't talk i was too busy enjoying every bite ;)  the less than 5 star reviewers didn't get the traditional gyro... so i suggest you order that.  It's mouth watering... and also I'll vouch for the chicago guy.. the pizza puffs there are great too! ;)
4	Great place to grab a gyro and it's been here for quite a while, operated by the same folks. Was in a hurry last weekend and dropped in. Gyro's for the wife and I, the chicken pita (sha-wirma) for my daughter and a burger for my son (he's at THAT age). DELICIOUS. The gyros are stuffed overflowing with juicy, tender meat. Just enough tzatziki that it's not running all over (order more if you like it messy). Wrapped great to keep it warm and allow you to handle on the go.Fries are good and again, generous amount. These are the thicker cut fries, a nice change from what I get at other fast food joints. I'm not particularly fond of the falafel from this place.My only regret is that I forget this place serves Italian beef, Italian sausage and Chicago dogs. I'll have to try one and see how they are - after of course I ask what kind of meat, what kind of dogs (didn't see any Vienna Beef signs around).This ain't no gourmet restaurant folks. It's good and quick food the way you'd get it in Chicagoland.
3	I've been here a couple of times.  (Out of sheer laziness..)Their gyros are ok.  They give you a good portion, but I wouldn't really rate their food as anything more than average.I usually judge places like this by their chicken shawirma, much like I judge a sushi bar by their spicy tuna rolls.  The difference between their chicken shwawirma and the same dish from a better restaurant is like the difference between L&L's chicken katsu vs. Aloha Kitchen's chicken katsu.  Aloha kitchen's chicken katsu is FAR superior.
3	I first learned of gyros when I lived in Germany. They were good... and cheap there.I lost touch with my gyro side for a few years then saw this little baby nuzzled inbetween a few shops over by a friend's house. Why not... after all, he also lived in Germany and liked gyros.Thir food is pretty good. Not as good as the ones I've had in Europe, but good. I think the best one I've had is the pork one. the other ones have been so-so. I've not the biggest fan of the crinkle fries that come with the meal. I would say that they might put a little too much lettuce on their sandwhiches because normally when I am done I have a little mini-salad to eat from all the stuff that has fallen out.But then again, maybe I am just a slob.My friend that I mentioned above loves the place, so he'd probably give it a 4-star.
3	I've been here a few times now. The BF loves it. I think its okay.I've had the gyro, pork souvlaki and the steak pitas here. My favorite would have to be the steak. And the steak pitas are the reason why I'm dragged here most of the time, my bf loves it. He'll come for that and I usually go for something new each time and always end up liking his steak pita more. The pork souvlaki is okay. I think if they sliced the meat thinner instead of the huge chunks, I'd enjoy it more. It was just too chewy for me. Gyros are standard, nothing remarkable. I think most places that serve gyros, use the same brand so they are all alike.Service is friendly. Place is tidy. So it's an alright spot for the pita sandwich cravings. I haven't found one I absolutely loved but I'm working my way down the menu... and I'll let you know if I do.
2	I decided to give this place a try (because it's close to the most delectable Angel Sweet!!) despite the nyehhh review my friend gave of it and now I know, nyehhh x2.  My falafel pita was pretty sad, it almost made me cry!The falafel was a little bland and thickly caked, a little hard to get down at times.  The lettuce had seen better days to be sure, the onion had the texture of one that'd been forgotten in the back of the fridge for a few weeks and the tomato was green - no offense against green tomatoes - when you're in Alabama and they're fried!  But the worst thing about it - no pickled cucumber?!?!?!  Huh???!!!I noticed they were cleverly up-selling extra sauce to everyone - at .50 a pop, I fell for it but it did help me get the chunky falafel down.  Maybe falafel isn't their strong suit but even with another decent filling the veggies just wouldn't cut it for me.  Always trying to find something positive though... well...  the guy that waited on me had great hair, and the pita bread was decent I guess.  I'll drive 3x the distance to have a pita 10x as good (and cheaper!) at Haji Baba.
3	Gyro Express is cheap and fast, definitely fills up during lunch. There is nothing special about this place, but it's good. Simply put if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and you don't have high expectations Gyro Express will do it.The Gyro here is better than Big Fat Greek Restaurant but it's the only thing I will get when I go. If you are looking for other Greek food, wait service, a drink or going on a date then go to Big Fat...This is one of those places I end up for lunch during the week but never get a craving for on the weekends.
4	Great gyros.. overflowing with meat, and delicious. Prices are good, but there is a bit of a wait if you go during lunch time.
4	I love this food.
3	I stopped in here to try the place out after swimming, and went with the Gyro and a Sprite.  The place is okay, but it's probably not the best Gryo that I've had.  Even though the portions were large, it was short on sauce, and seemed to lack any form of excitement for my palate.I found that the dinner plates seems awefully expensive.  Your not gonna get away without spending at least $10, more like $12 after everything for a salad, fries, drink and whatever else comes with thier combo meal.  Want an appitizer like hummus?  Tack on another $4-5 and now your talking like $15-$20 easily a person.  eeehh, not so much.  For that price, I can go somewhere else and get a better tasting Gyro/greek food.I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here, and its that that bad, just pricey and seems to lack in some form or another.  They do have free wifi here, so thats a bonus.
4	A shwarma place in Chandler...... excellent.  Food is quite tasty for a little tiny hole in the wall place.
4	I have only had the Gyro and Beef Souvlaki, but they were both really good.   Its a small place but does have several booths to sit at.    The meat they use is really tender and has a good flavor.   Portion size are what you would expect as well as the prices.   I am looking forward to trying more items on the menu.
3	Okay, 1st off went there with the office homies, food was good but it was office lunch time so very limited seating and and bit nosiy around that time.  One thing I do remember is that we all ordered at the same time, and as our orders came up we were waiting for my buddies food, well what happened was that an girl walked past the line and you can tell she knew the cashier.. Well guess what happend next my buddy was still waiting for his food, due to the limited lunch time we started eating, the casier bagged up his order and gave it to the girl who cut in line  (WHAT!!) boy talk about wrong!!!  My buddy (Nick) was bringing me there for my first time to check this place out and they gave away his food.. (HOT MESS) so they offered a free (stale dessert) my buddy took it like a champ!  But a new Gyro place opened across the street from our office and now we go there.  There food it quick and people are friendly and there fries are much better.    Also they give us a dicount when we show our badges which is always a plus.... Yea!
5	I've been back here countless times and have yet to be disappointed. The service has always been friendly.  In fact, today I got a free baclava just because they were really busy and my order so long - the cashier said "For being so patient"!I appreciate stuff like that.But the wait is worth it to me.  Their gyro is the best I've had in Arizona and the pizza puff takes me back to my Chicago childhood.  Always delicious, too.After over 3 years of going here, it remains a 5 star place for me.  That's saying something.
5	My coworker took me here once and I have been back countless times.  Everyone where I work (which is right up the street from here) loves this place and we all frequent this place.  I have only had the Gyro Salad (because I am not too experimental with food :P) and I absolutely love it!!  :) It is so delicious they give you a huge serving and it really fills you up!  I can't even finish it! The gyro salad also comes with a pita and some white sauce stuff (sorry I am not a Greek food connoisseur!!).  Although I don't consider myself an expert in this area and haven't tried anything but the Gyro Salad- but in my world of food I like this, it is a 5/5.  The people who work here are friendly and helpful and they will remember you.  The black raspberry tea is yummy.  I am so glad somebody finally dragged me to try Greek food. :D
5	By far the best gyro and hummus, ever.  I've been eating here for years and have never been disappointed.  Everyone I recommend it to winds up raving about their food.Friendly service, good prices and excellent food.  A very happy customer :)
4	Been here twice and pleased with the food and service both times. The gyros are very good. The service was excellent both times Tory was extremely friendly on each occasion.
4	I heard about the large gyro meat portions on the platter and I had to check it out. The meat portions were huge and the Greek salad was delicious.  The pecan baklava was fresh and flaky, no overly sweet which I loved. French fries were hot and crispy. Friendly woman taking our order...big smile.  Overall really good food hot, tasty and reasonably priced!'
4	I like coming here - they have great portions on salads and are super generous with the meat (I'm not exaggerating either).  Their Greek salad always has plenty of crispy, green romaine and is topped with a lot of fresh color veggies, olives and a nice amount of feta.  Trust me, a big Greek salad here is VERY filling.I have not tried their pitas, but I have tried their Kefta and I like that the guy makes it fresh (ie. he tells me it'll be a few minutes of wait because he's making them fresh) - which I appreciate.The price point is perfect for a regular lunch spot, too.My ONLY complaint is that when I have gotten the salad, I have gotten the pita bread slices that come with it and maybe I'm just not used to that type of pita bread, but it's kinda 'americanized'.. very non-nutritious looking.  But that could be just me.  I guess I'm used to the ones from Haji Baba that you can actually slice open and stuff.. they're more fibrous and seem to have more nutritional value.  Other than that, I will always stand by their salads.
4	Stopped here a few weeks ago for lunch. Everything on the menu looked good, but I decided on a regular gyro with Greek fries. They didn't hold back on the meat or fillings for the gyro, which was very good, but the greek fries left a little to be desired. Next time I'd go with regular fries or another side dish. The lady who I'm guessing owns the place, was super sweet and if it were closer to home, I'd stop in more often.
4	I had the most amazing veggie pita I have ever had here! The zucchinis, peppers, onions were grilled to perfection! Throw on some feta and tzatiki and I'm in heaven! The Greek salad was wonderful too,exactly what you would expect with that wonderful tangy dressing!
4	So I really enjoyed this place. The food was good. Once again I said hit me with your favorite item. DONE! The customer service was phenomenal! She was funny, nice, and very respectful. Even a pretty good portion of food. Just dont be the normal american and scarf it all down. Save some for later!
4	I have never been disappointed at this place and I would recommend them! The food is good and the price are fair.
4	Dropped in for a quick lunch during the week. The place is no fancy, but it was darn good. Fairly crowded, but typical quick serve type place. I opted for the falafel salad and a side of hummus. Turned out to be way more than I could eat. The falafel was really good. Some places tend to over cook it and it gets really dry. This was cooked to perfection. Also, came with a side of tahini sauce. Would recommend.
2	Had the falafel pita, tabbuli, hummus, and Chicago dog. Unfortunately, the falafel was the only saving grace. The tabbuli was too soggy/sweet, hummus was too bland, and the Chicago dog was just a little nasty. The falafel was very very good though, and the service was very friendly.
5	Great food great service. Opt for the "greek fries" with your combo.
4	There Gyros are huge! Super Delicious. I wish they offered a combo plate with a Greek salad, Gyro, falafel, pita bread, and hummus. Or maybe a build your own combo? Greek fries were ok. I had expected them to be better though. It looks like a typical quick grab your food and go kind of place. A few booths to sit in and a few tables. Lets just put it this way, it's not a nice sit down restaurant. Their food is bomb though so I don't care.
5	The owner is from Chicago so he knows what Chicagoans like. Stick to the Mediterranean specialities and you can't go wrong. My favorite is the Gyros it's sliced off the vertical broiler like it should be. Nice and thin.  Its Kronos so you know what your getting.  The shawirma is made in house with either chicken or beef. The beef comes from Midwestern Meats. The hummus is as good as it gets. The Greek Salad is dressed just right with an oil and lemon concoction. If your looking for a Hot Dog it's ok. It's Vienna but not a natural casing. If you get the Italian Beef and your from Chicago you will probably be disappointed. It's not Al's or Portillo's. The fries are crinkle cut and crispy. You can get a pita combo for about $8 that includes fries or salad and a drink or a plate combo that is almost enough for two for just a couple dollars more. It's also a good place for kids. My 8 year old loves a Gyro.Service is great as well. At least during the  week.
5	This is the best gyro in Chandler.  If you like a friendly staff who will be real with you and also take care of you, then you will love this place.  The best part:  the young lady who works the front during afternoons and nights.  She does it all plus she puts a smile on my face every time.I recommend the gyro with the rice.
5	I have gotten the Gyro and fries severl times here, and each time its great.  The place is small but the Lamb Gyro has lots of meat and is cooked well.  I would recommmend this place, best Gyros I've found in Chandler so far.
5	Excellent food!
4	Gyro Express is a pretty decent hole-in-the-wall lunch place. Its always packed, which is easy to accomplish with only a total of 5-6 tables. The style is very much fast food-like: its made very quickly, kind of greasy and it has a small menu of all the classic Greek favorites which get ordered, paid and picked up from the counter. Now I can't say that everything tastes super fresh and made to order like some of the Valley favorites (Haji Baba). However, I doubt that's what Gyro Express is all about. For what they try to be (a fast, tasty and affordable Greek place), Gyro Express really hits the spot. Their classic gyro is decently sized, the meat is delicious and the sauce (and added hot sauce) make it the perfect combo. Their Greek fries (aka french fries with feta, lime juice and some parsley) are freaking phenomenal. The food wait time is minimal and the food comes out exactly the same every single time, which is great when you need some quick and tasty lunch food you can depend on.Get extra napkins. You'll need it unless you want to end up with sauce everywhere.
4	Love this place.  Great place for take out, if you don't want to cook.  Everytime I'm in Chandler I stop in.  It's only 10:15 when I'm writing this review, and my mouth is literally salivating!  I need a food intervention, or a Gyro Express fix!  Anyhow, well done guys!  See you again soon.
5	This is a great place! Generous portions, fresh ingredients, righteous pricing... Great value. Parking is easy. The people are nice. Try it!
5	I wasn't looking forward to eating at this place and was blown away.  The place was PACKED and the cashier said it is always that way.  I heard customers talking as if they eat here several times per week.  I ordered the vegetarian pita sandwich with a greek salad and drink.  The only negative was that the drink tasted funky.  At first I thought it was the fresh brewed tea that I got - maybe it was fresh or had some mold in it but I dumped it out and got diet Dr. Pepper and it had the same moldy taste.  Perhaps it was the ice?  Anyway it was way to much food for me so I will skip the salad (even though it was good!!) and just get the sandwich.  I wanted to go again last week but the kids got sick.  I will eat one this week.  YUM!!
5	Best Greek food in Chandler! Pita are soft, warm, and fresh. Salads are amazing! They treat you like family here, fast and friendly. Everything I have tried has been phenomenal, CAN'T WAIT for the 2nd location to open near Ikea on Warner & Priest.
4	I have to say after many years i have eaten at a greek place which really gave the taste i always wanted. This place is small and have decent sitting arrangement.. I went with the combo platter with chicken Sivoloki + chicken sawarma, with rice. The quantity is really good and it comes with salad, so make sure you bring your appetite with you when you are in this place. They give two dipping sauce and both are yummy :). It costs extra if you want another serving of sauce which was strange. If you are around this place surely try it you will love it. Place is clean and good to dine in.
1	The little girl at the counter may be the dumbest restaurant worker I have ever seen. She apparently doesn't know the difference between white and dark meat and her inexperience and poor training cost me 7 bucks. I asked what chicken was white and she said two of them were, so I ordered one of them. I then read the printed menu after I sat down and noticed that did not appear to be the case. I went back and made sure it was all white meat and she again said yes in that snotty kind of kid way. Feeling confident I take it home and its all that nasty thigh meat, a huge freakin pile of it. called back, the manager is busy, yeah more like he doesn't want to deal with things.This place is a dump, so many better places. I only went here cause the dental staff next door said it was good. I think they sucked in too much nitrous also. The chunky women who was also behind the counter might have been equally as dumb as the first chick. Avoid.
2	2/2/13- prices have gone up $1.00 since 2012.  I got tzatziki on the side .50 extra. If its on the sandwich it's free, but what's the difference? I'm going to take a break from this place for awhile, which is a shame cause I really liked it.
2	Extra star for the owner contacting me and offering me a compensation meal at his Tempe location. Girl at the counter was also fired according to Ed.
4	Awesome Gyro's. Small so perfect for lunch or take out but the food was great. Fresh Veggies and the pitas were soft and tasty. If I had a party I'd try this for catering. Its that good :)
4	So stoked to find such a great gyro place in Chandler. can tell the guy's from Chicago too... I haven't tried the italian beef but I will. I'm just sticking to the gyro's and plates for now.I've now been there at least 20 times... and still loving it. I am sorry to see such a horrible web site.. sad. but... that's not at all what to expect with their food.
4	Fantastic food , great price/value!  Fast food that is authentic ample and tasty.  The food actually is what got the 4th star.  The atmosphere is drawing on the place, simple fast food style.  But the food will keep me coming back.  Perfect for a quick lunch.
1	I was hoping for another good place to get Gyro's in Chandler, and after reading all the reviews I thought this sounded like a good place. I just went in for lunch today to give them a try. After reviewing their menu I found they offer Italian beef sandwiches as well, and that is one of my favorite things. So instead of the Gyro I ordered the Italian beef Chicago style, which means dipped in the juices and with peppers. When I got home and opened the sandwich I was VERY disappointed to find a small dry sandwich with no peppers, and very little meat. The meat was dry and had very little flavor. They forgot the peppers, and the did not dip the sandwich. Even if they had made it correctly it still would not have been good. If you want good Italian beef go to Lobby's in Tempe. They know how to make a real Italian beef sandwich! this may not have been the specialty of this store, but based on this experience I will never return.
1	Ordered take out with my coworkers and wanted just the sandwich not the meal. I get there and they put a meal for mine even though I didnt want the meal. The girl told me since the order was already put through they couldnt change it. Its just fries! how hard is it to change in their system to remove the fries from my order that ended up costing me an addition $3.00.  I had to pay for something I didnt want. Not to mention the girl behind the counter was rude about it. Food is decent but I will not go there again due to how they treat their customers. If a customer specially does not want something they shouldnt be forced to pay for it due to them not know how to change an order!! Not to mention my fries are barely warm and my gyro is mostly lettuce.
3	Nice little hole in the wall location for a quick Gyro Sandwich. I ordered the typical Gyro and Fries. I it was very good. Could have used a little more sauce, but other than that it was a nice little quick lunch.
3	Pretty good food
5	Tried it today on my way home to LA. Excellent Gyros both the lamb and chicken. The food quality and generous portions are well above the price. I didn't expect that tasty and that much for so cheap. The service was fast and friendly. The cashier came out from behind the counter every few minutes to clean tables and keep the dining room looking nice.
4	If you haven't tried this place you should! One if my most favorite Gyros places in town! Gyros are great and very generous! Falafel salad is DELISH! Hummus is spot on! Alway warm, friendly and inviting! Reminds me of the Old mom and pop place we used to frequent as a kid back home in Chicago! Trust me this place is a gem!
4	We love Gyro Express!  The food is pretty cheap and quick for lunch.  You just order at the counter, and you grab your food when they call your number.  They have seating inside and a couple of tables outside for when the weather is nice.  They also have a TV inside the shop that is usually showing football or soccer.The food is really good.  We love the chicken shawarma plate which comes with hummus and Greek salad.  The chicken gyro is also pretty good.  The hummus is really yummy, and the Greek Salad is full of fresh lettuce and olives.The wait is usually nonexistent even at lunch.  The staff is just really efficient.   Give it a try!
4	My boss treated us to Gyro Express yesterday, and I am a fan! He got us all gyro pitas with greek salads. The greek salad was mediocre (waaaay too seasoned - oregano maybe?) but the pita was fantastic. The meat is perfectly seasoned, the pita tasty and warm and the tzatziki, while a bit watery, was great. We had some extra gyros so I am eating the second one today, and warmed up and it's just as good. I don't know if it's the best Greek around (I've only had Dino's and a place in STV to compare!) but I will definitely be going back.
2	Very hungry and was not particular.  I ordered the gyro pita. The meat was fattly (gristle) and cold. The tzaziki sauce was sour and veggies sparse.  I do not recommend this restaurant (even if your very hungry..:). Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
4	My Yelp search contained two words: Greek and Cheap.I arrived at Gyro Express, the closest location to my house. Walking in, I was greeted by a nice young lady at the counter. "I'll have the Gyro Plate," I exclaim with a grin. It came with hummus or fries (they were out of rice). I opted for the hummus and asked for a drink. "It comes with a drink," she responded pleasantly. The total came to about $10. I frowned, thinking that perhaps Yelp had got it right with the "Greek" portion of my search, but not the "cheap." Though, it wasn't in the $5-7 dollar range like I'd hoped, you certainly get what you pay for - a very large helping of gyro meat, hummus with a circular pita bread cut into quarters. On the side, I received a medium sized Greek salad and a drink. More than satisfied with quantity, I checked the taste. The meat was well seasoned and flavorful and the hummus was very good. I'm not a huge fan of the salad, though it's nice to have some greens balance out the meal. Overall, a fairly tasty Gyro meat plate that sent me home with leftovers.Oh yeah, how did the place look? The tables and booths were well kept up and had a pristine faux wood finish. TV up on the wall, volume down so you still get the ambiance of the Mediterranean music played above. Huge painted wall of the Acropolis. Nice little place!
3	Ok. I don't eat Greek food so really when someone says "let's go get Gyros" I'm not that excited. But I went. I don't know if it was great or not. I have nothing really to compare it to. However; I can say, it was super busy. People just kept coming in. I guess that's a good sign, right? I ordered a chicken pita. And salad. All pretty normal stuff. What I got was messy and hard to eat and yes, the service is nothing special. The food at least looked and tasted fresh so that' always a plus. Cute place but gets busy and not a lot of seating.
5	This is a great hole in the wall gyro shop. I love their gyros, they far from skimp on the meat. And the Greek fries are AMAZING! The prices are great also and I've never had bad service.
4	Great spot! The food was amazing. We definitely will be back to try more of their menu. Allot of food for a good price.
1	In my opinion Middle Eastern food that is of high quality is by far the hardest thing to find in this town.I only came to this place because I saw another reviewer mentioned it in the same sentence as Haji Baba. To even talk about this place in the same sentence is an insult. Gyro meat was terrible and the Schwarma was totally dry.If you want quality Middle Eastern food you have to go to Tempe or Scottsdale. Haji Baba or Byblos in Tempe or Mijana in Scottsdale.
4	For the price you pay, you get a decent amount of food and he was quite tasty.We ate traditional gyros as well as salad and it was delicious.  The salad had lemon juice in it and it was great.I was pleasantly surprised and will deff go back.
4	Tasty spot for your Gyro fix. On this visit I tried the Fire Fighter with a side salad.Great flavors and a touch of heat from the sauteed peppers. The dressing on the salad was lively and fresh. The place is small and fills up fast at peak lunch times.
3	Food is not that bad don't let the three stars steer you away.    Service on the other hand another story.    After my wife and I ordered we sat outside to wait since the weather was awesome that evening.    Closing time was 9pm it was 815.   The young girl that ordered our food joins us outside and starts to stack and drag the metal chairs and tables around us.    Not only was it too loud to hear each other, there was no apology, no reasoning why they were being put away so early, no respect.    To top it off food was ready waiting for us in our to go bags on the counter, rather than hand them to us she's wiping down a table.    Classy.
3	Gyros, yes. Express, not usually so much. Plan on a 15-20 minute wait and be pleasantly surprised if you get out of there faster.Still, prices are reasonable and you get a freaking tremendous heap of meat for what you pay. The pitas also so delicious I don't even care whether they're made fresh or just reheated. I could (and have) eaten the pita by itself. Baklava is available in both pistachio and walnut to satisfy all your honey-soaked phyllo needs. And there's no question the dough is made with honest-to-God butter. SO. GOOD.The tomatoes, on the other hand... I wish they splurged for better ones. A gyros sandwich doesn't have many ingredients. When one of them is terrible, like the hard, flavorless tomatoes they've been using recently, you notice. Luckily the tzatziki is good enough to almost make up for it. A well-done gyros sandwich is a thing of beauty and I hope to one day again have one here.Service is hit-or-miss depending on who's at the counter, but the girl that's usually there is bubbly, friendly, and on her game.
3	Ok, so my food was rather good.  Humus was decent, pita was warm and toasty and the Gyro was seasoned well.  HOWEVER, its a HUGE turn-off when your standing there ordering food and the person taking the order is picking at a sore or IDON'TKNOWWHAT! on their arm!   If I wasn't so damn'd hungry I would have walked out!
5	This place was delicious!!! I was not ready for that. You get a ton of food. We wanted to try everything on the menu. Salad was so fresh, gyro meat so soft. Beef souvlaki was perfect. Can't wait to come back. Let's make sure this place stays open for a long time.
4	This place is fantastic. The restaurant itself is a dive, but the food is amazing. I got the gyro plate. Tons of food. Great price. Couldn't be happier. I ordered carry out and it took them less than 5 minutes before I was out the door. Highly recommend!
4	Over cooked rice...mushy and bland. Very dry gyro meat. Good portion size compared to most places while lacking in quality. Friendly staff and a clean environment. If you're not looking to have your mind blown, try it out!
5	Best Greek in town!!! This place has become our weekly favorite. I find myself craving everything here and it  is always worth the drive from Gilbert without disappointing.
