5	We took our toddler to My Gym for a year when we first moved to Ahwatukee. The initial fees are high, but the classes are wonderful. All of the kids are engaged - they keep the group size small enough to keep everyone involved, but large enough where it feels like a party. We ended up cancelling our membership because they didn't have a class for older kids that fit our schedule. We have attended two birthday parties at My Gym, and thrown a birthday party there as well. We had kids at the party ages 1- 6, and all of them had a great time. I would highly recommend this place for parties.Favorite things about the place: - every week, they change around the room, so it feels like a new experience- They have this cool line going across the room that kids can hang from - looks like so much fun- My toddler gained a lot of confidence in her motor skills and coordination from  this place.- All of the employees  are wonderful with kids.
5	I just took my 4 month old son to My Gym for a baby class, and we had so much fun!The class started out with all of the babies on blankets with balls.  There were five babies and two instructors in the class.  We did some baby warm-ups, which consisted of the parents moving the babies' arms and legs around in various ways. Then we did songs with the babies, tummy time with toys, danced with the babies, put them in swings, on a baby zipline and then played with puppets!  It was a jam-packed 45 minutes, and my son really loved it.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Kiddo enjoys it here. I like that they try to build their "paying attention" qualities because they re-iterate it several times during their program. Just after a few weeks my lil'un is more confident with movement and is having tons of fun. David the owner is there all the times that we have been and the helpers are a lot of fun too.
5	We recently attended a birthday party at My Gym and we were blown away!  Our son is two (almost three) and the birthday party was for a five year old.  Knowing the difference in motor skill development and attention span, I was worried he would be a nightmare - but he did very well thanks to the very patient, kid friendly and professional staff hosting the birthday celebration.It was a great event for all the kids involved, everyone had a blast and we just really thought it was extremely well done.
5	Some friends of ours recommended My Gym to us, they had been taking their kids (2 year old twins and 6 year old) there for a while and they had nothing but good things to say.When we decided to try it out (the ffirst class is free) we werent expecting much in the form of cooperation from our 2 year old son. He is kind of reserved when in large groupd, so we were a bit nervous about bringing him to a class with a bunch of strange kids and people in general. We were really surprized, he did great!!! He played and ran around just like everyone else. There was a ball pit, slides, trampolines, stuff to climb, gymnastics bars, balance beams, paralel bars, swings and even little obstacle courses mant to help in balance and motor skills. They also did circle time and dancing, story time with pupets, games. It was so much fun! The first few visits, my son had trouble with circle time because he wanted to go play on the equipment instead. But I am told this gets better with time. And it has improved thus far. The room is changed around each week so that the kids dont get bored with it.They also do this thing called parents night out, the kids get pizza and juice and play and watch a movie while mom and dad go out for a few hours on a saturday night. The staff is awesome, the place is very clean. ANd the owner, David, is always there.I have also attended a birthday party there for a 7 year old and was concerned that my 2 year old wouldnt be able to keep up with the other kids, but the staff is very good at what they do, he had so much fun, and didnt feel like he was out of place.The membership is a bit pricey, but they had an option that worked for us, instead of paying the monthly tuition/fee, we bought a punch card and can use it at our leisure. It works for us since we live far away and work full time during the week.
5	my daughter is 2 1/2 and absolutely loves my gym, i cant even drive by the facility or she freaks out and wants to go in. the teachers are nice and very helpful with the kids. its a great learning environment. and they change things around weekly so its always a new adventure
5	My kids call this place "Your Gym", I guess bc I say, "We're going to My Gym!". I've done free play here, attended parties here, etc. The staff (esp David) is great with kids. My kids would practically live here if I could afford it. :)
1	I noticed some of the reviews for this place is for other locations. Also, some reviews were not from actual members. I would rate this Ahwatukee location zero starts if possible. My friend and I bought groupon's deal for our kids. We both agree this place is overpriced and lame. The place smelled pee at several different visits. The little kids class was somewhat better than my  experience with the older kids class. There wasn't much room to make it bad when the parents were assisting their own children.The instructor is not as patient with the children. The helper lady is not at all polite or helpful. Prior to signing up my children I asked them at two different times if they would allow my boy with special needs participate. They would not allow my sons' therapist or myself to help him but they had a helper that would help. They told me they had lots of experience with special needs. Needless to say, that they lack experience if the treatment they gave us is a reflection of their knowledge. The "helper" pretty much called my son "dumb" when she actually was trying to explain her extended understanding on Autism. I would NOT recommend this location and these instructors to anyone. Specially if you have a special needs child.  My first impressions and experience was over 5 weeks. We attended 4 weeks with our youngster and then only 1 week with the older kids. I really don't feel that they deserve 5 starts from anyone. They may have been under different management before to receive better rating. If you are managing a business for kids, stating that you have experience and can accommodate special needs, you should at the very least be patient.
5	We have done a birthday party here and kids had a lot of fun. I like it that they don't just run around like a crazy bunch of monkeys but instead are guided into some cool games and activities. They keep all the kids engaged and their pricing for birthday parties is not bad at all.
5	When my kids were younger, I literally took to my gym - and stuck them in the daycare.  It was great - I was free woman!  But there were two problems:1) I was stuck at the gym.2) I had this annoying, bulky pager that I had to carry with me so that I could be alerted if I had to return to the child center. If my kids had to pee, blow their nose, fall and get a bruise...I was alerted.At My Gym, you can drop off and go to your gym - or go anywhere - and they take care of all potty breaks, buggers and bruises.  Not only are you paying for gym class, you are paying for freedom. Classes are only one of offerings provided by MyGym. You can also drop off during free play, and at camp sessions during spring/winter/summer break.  AND, every other Friday, you can drop off for parents night out (or what I tell the kids, "kid night!!"), where you drop them off for pizza at 5:30, and then pick them up, all tired and worn out, right before bed.I guess the most important thing to note is that the kids really enjoy the gym. They have swings that extend from the ceiling, a trampoline, ball pit, and a ZIP LINE.  I wish they had those things at my fitness gym.
5	I spent 2 hours at My Gym for a 2 year olds birthday party and it was the best fun ever for everyone. The staff does their best to organize some fun games spaced between free play for the the children while music is played over the loud speaker. There is everything from a ball pit, climbing wall, trampolines and much more for your child to explore. They have classes for each age group during the week and have parties scheduled at various time slots. I would highly recommend this for any age. They advertise classes for up to 13 years.
