1	unless you're under 20 and like cheesy dance-pop music, stay the hell away from here. they advertise as a premier "freshers" party venue and it didn't take me long to figure out that "freshers" means college freshmen. if you're really young or really drunk or preferably both, then give this club a go. they're all pretty much the same down here on cowgate, anyway.
1	Shouldve stayed as subway. Hovel of a place but it had more soul than what it's become.
4	There is a review of Base which claims that 'if you're really young or really drunk or preferably both, then give this club a go', and you know what - I couldnt agree more.I'm not normally a dance music, drinking in clubs kinda guy - and when I am, its usually far from places like this. However, I came here once with a bunch of friends from home who though Base would be a good idea, and I had a brilliant time. Yes, I was drunk, and yes I was young - but hell, I enjoyed myself - despite the some what sticky floors.Base itself is a dive - its one room, a packed hallway and a bar - but thats all you need.  But the atmosphere was fun, lively and generally just a bit exciting.I most likely wont be back here for some time, but for those few hours when I was in here, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
2	I wanted to economize a bit that Saturday night, so between Sneaky Pete's and Base (they are neighbours) I chose Base, because, while doing my investigations on the spot,  I could hear more techno-ish vibe coming from Base than from Sneaky-petes (though sneaky petes had a longer line, base nothing).I was delighted to find that the price is just 3 pounds. I walked through a narrow corridor while feeling the base coming stronger. I swung open the door and voila: .... an almost empty hall at about 11:15pm on a Saturday night. The hall was not very large and consisted of 4 parts, a bar, DJ area, a dance floor and a free area with seats and small sofas. The dancefloor per se (denoted by a platform over the ground) would accommodate not more than 25 dancing ppl.So I went to take a drink and relax / be patient (sambuca shooter costed 1.75). At the moment there were some 12-15 teenagers or at most early 20s (and some perhaps still drinking mummy's milk) and perhaps 2 or 3 lasses, most dancing aside the dancefloor (this was currently empty) or drinking on the seats. The music was very good techno. The sound was quite base-y, but I must say that overall, the sound acoustics did not deliver a high performance; somehow lacked that deep punch that you feel  penetrating delightedly in your heart (if you are into techno, you know what I mean) .  So I stood there waiting for half an hour or so, and the situation did not improve that much. What's cheap is expensive a local saying goes.I went out for a walk, and eventually my feet took me to Liquid rooms, 10pounds flew away at the reception, walked a narrow corridor while feeling the base coming stronger, swung opened the door and Voila! a crowd of partying people jumping and ecstatic to the punchy bass of great techno music. What an enlightening moment - I still remember the nice feeling! Off went my coat (and another 1 pound) and did not notice the hours fly.When it was time to go (no idea what time it was) I decided to see what the situation at Base looked like. I entered in (with a puzzled look from the guard) and I saw more youngsters (male:women is to 8:1 !!) occupying about two thirds of the place. After few mins the music stopped, realizing that it should have been 3am and hence why the body guard was puzzled  with my entrance.   Well, Base is not my type of club (I'm mid-30s), but for a cheap price and hear good techno music at an average quality sound, this place might suit you. Maybe my experience makes me a bit picky, but for sure  it does not compare with liquid (so does the price!).
