2	This store makes me crazy. OK, call me a grinch -- What beef could I possibly have with a place where happy kiddies and can make their own cute little stuffed animal friend?Well, since you asked: the throngs of people stuffed into a space the size of a bathroom stall. The rampant consumerism and ridiculously high prices. The fact that the entire "build" concept takes about 30 seconds of a machine blowing stuffing into a pre-fabbed bear body. The rest (chooing the outfits, accessories, etc.) can be done with just anout ANY stuffed animal or doll. And then there's all of those kids screaming. I don't DO screaming. The 2 stars are for those poor friendly folks doomed to working here. I start twitching just walking by the place. Baiscally, for me, build a bear equals hell on earth.Still, LOTS of people LOVE Build-a-Bear. Your mileage may vary. But just don't say I didn't warn you.
3	4 stars for the young bear stuffer guy rockin the converse shoes, he tried his best to keep my birthday girl's attention. She just turned 2 (if you read my reviews she is the one that might be autistic or has adhd and is wild nutz) and she was just all over the place.Now, this is where I have to take off a star... at the check out... my daughter had a build a bear purse that she stuffed with hearts (both the purse and hearts were BAB, I was not buying them). I quickly snatched it without her looking and put it behind my me and on top of a shelf.... obviously so my daughter would not see it and scream. Well Mr. Lazy from behind the counter (not my cashier) starts yelling MAAAAM give it to me and I will put it away...  HERE GIVE THAT TO ME AND I WILL PUT IT BAAAAAACK. My daughter started wondering what he was yelling about and she was looking around. The guy was ridiculous, my husband was paying and he even turned around to see what the guy was yelling at.2x I replied to him that I didn't want her to see it and then I just walked away.That jackass should know if a mother tries to hide something away from a child that he should not create a scene. All he had to do was put it back after we left.
4	I like build a bear. My daughter loves build a bear. Yes, it's pricey. Yes, the quick process detracts from the experience. But my daughter thinks it's fantastically amazing to chose an animal, see it go from a shell to a new lovey, then choose a name, groom, etc. Might not be MY idea of a great time but the kids love it. Employees are always friendly and engaging with the kids. Patient too!  I love buying gift certificates here for Christmas gifts and birthdays.
4	It's nice to have kids build a bear. Unique and kids seem to love it . Expensive! We are going to do it one more time for our kid , that's it!
