5	I've been a member of Hand & Stone since it opened in South Charlotte and I can't say enough great things about this business.  The staff is always welcoming and friendly, and the waiting area and rooms are always very relaxing and peaceful.  It's an amazing value for the money, and the therapists are top notch.  I highly recommend Kelley as a therapist, but I'm sure the others are great as well!
3	Despite living near this place and often seeing their ads, I just recently tried it.  I have always been leary of chain massage places after hearing stories of pushy up sells for memberships that override the importance of the actual massage.  At a recent Yelp event, my wife won a gift card for a 50 minute relaxation gift card.  She gave the gift card to me since she has yet to use a massage gift card I gave to her for another place.  Apart from fearing the chain massage locations, I have almost always received awesome massages from independent therapists and local massage businesses which is another reason I was hesitant to try this place.  Hand and Stone is a nice place.  The lobby is mostly inviting and relaxing, but the placement of products for sale deters somewhat from the relaxation experience.  The rooms are nicely equipped, clean, and smell very nice.  This is one of those reviews where the cliched "I want to give 5 stars  but..." comes into play.  Was my massage decent?  Yes.  Have I had better massages?  Yes.  I left relaxed, but not feeling like jello s I usually do after a massage. Would I go back here?  Maybe, based on proximity and atmosphere.
5	I love this H&S!  It doesnt feel like a chain to me at all - in fact, I felt no pressure at all, which is why I signed up for a membership after my first visit.  ChristyLee is such a knowledgable esthetician and she makes me feel very comfortable - my skin has been transformed!  I love going in and seeing the owner and Sara, the front desk is so friendly.  I have also visited Aga, Summer and Martha for massages- all give great massages! 5 stars for sure :)
5	I have had massages at spas all over the world & this place has world class therapists.  I have never had a bad experience.  I have been a client since they opened this location and was not sure what to expect because I had only bad experience after bad experience at Massage Envy where I was a member before hand.  From day 1, Hand & Stone has been really great.
5	I have been a member of Hand and Stone for years, and have been a member of another chain, but cancelled immediately after having 3 massages at Hand and Stone.  I even left some in my "account" at the other place because the service and therapists were hands down much better here.  Chad runs a clean place, and only hires quality therapists.  They always make me feel like I am the priority, and I can't even tell if they have things going on in their personal lives...I would highly recommend them - facials and massages!
5	They are wonderful people... Awesome massage therapists. Went once and instantly became a member!! William is wonderful, thorough and very knowledgable. Helpful for my muscle issues. Glad i had stopped in!!
2	I had a facial and I am still stunned...they let me walk out of the place with a lot of the mask still stuck all over my nose and cheeks. Unsuspecting, I pulled up to the grocery store. Thank heaven I looked in the mirror before I went in. I am not talking about just a little bit here. Plus that means they put moisturizer over the mask pieces that were still on my face. So this would explain the deer in the headlights look the desk person gave when I paid. I really would have appreciated if she said something!  Very tacky and unprofessional.
4	I recently moved to this area from California and signed up for membership after my first facial. Fantastic service and facial given by Kristi R. I felt relaxed the entire time and the treatment was great. The reception staff were efficient and explained how the membership works without being too pushy. They sold me and I'm happy I joined. No long-term commitment makes it very attractive and affordable, especially comparing prices to California spas. The facility is clean and well organized. Nice waiting area as well. Give them a try!
5	I've been going to this Hand and Stone location since the week after they opened. Chad and Mark run a great business, and they're good at matching me with therapists whose style I prefer.Prior to my membership at H&S, I frequented hotel spas, day spas and educational/school-based massage therapy centers on a sporadic basis. I tried one visit to Massage Envy, but was turned off by the weak massage techniques from the therapist there. Out of all of these types of massage locations, H&S has proven to be my reliable favorite.H&S is less expensive than hotel and day spas, and their therapists are more versatile. You can easily get a pure Swedish relaxation massage, or you can get therapeutic (albeit not as relaxing) deep tissue work. It's completely up to how you're feeling at the time. I also appreciate that their therapists take the time to demonstrate stretches and techniques to help with tension and pain between visits.This is a great local business and I can't recommend them highly enough!
4	I have been coming to this place for 8 months and I've never encountered a bad massage the staff goes above and beyond to accommodate my crazy schedule and I never have a problem booking an appointment although I wished the massage  would be 60 minutes and not 50 but I think there is a 80 minute massage available. The place is clean and never noisy unlike some other places I've tried. I have gone to the one in southpark but this location is definitely my favorite one and I drive from uptown to come here and relax.. Will always come here when I can
5	Felt very welcome when I arrived. Linda did a great job with the massage. Asked the right questions before so I didn't have to chat during (which is a must for me). The staff was not pushy with their products or programs, like you get with a lot of spas nowadays. Yet they were very informative about packages and products. Overall great experience.
5	Been a client for over three years. Love the owners and the front desk is always friendly and helpful. Highly recommend Summer.  Sometimes a little hard to get in last minute but that's my fault. I always wait til the last minute. My wife has had other treatments there as well and loves it.
5	AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!  I called very last minute for a massage and facial for my birthday.  They were able to schedule me two hours later.  The reviews were good so I hoped to not be disappointed.  From the initial phone call and great customer service to walking in the door receiving the same.  My massage therapist was Sydney.  One of the best massages I have ever received.  Sydney was attentive to my needs and pressure adjustment.  The facial was by Kristi.  She took the time to explain the processes throughout as well as recommending a very affordable treatment solution.  Overall I could not have had a better experience.   THANK YOU!
5	Brain gave me the best massage I have ever had. I melted to the table and feel completely renewed. Definitely going back.
5	I love this place! I recommend Summer for a great massage and Afton for a great eyebrow wax! Their membership is really nice because it gets you one free massage per month and unlimited discounted massages throughout the month. Very clean and inviting, I love the waterfall thing in the lobby and the restroom is very clean and private.
