5	This is a new establishment on Spring Mountain near Arville. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the staff. I was waiting for other people in my party so I took a seat. The owner (nicest old korean lady) offered to give me water while i waited. I declined but 5 mins later she came to me with a cup and told me "here, its vodka" in a joking manner. She was awesome. The first thing i noticed when i walked in was the awesome aroma of food cooking on the grills. When i looked around, i was pleasantly surprised at how clean, modern, and chic this place looked. Now onto the food.Galbee/Kalbi: 10/10. The marinade and cuts that they use are the best i've had in vegas. Bulgogi: 10/10/ Tender, juicy, and cooks well without drying out like some places in town. Once again, awesome marinade. Beef Tongue: 9/10. Some of the cuts were too thick and cooked to be tough, but it still tasted fresh. Sides: awessome. Their kimchi was great, and the spicy cucumber was excellent. The rice drink dessert thing was really refreshing as well. Price: $19.99 for dinner. On par with many places in town. But for the service, atmosphere, cleanliness, and quality of food; this place CANNOT be beat. Good bye woo che, tofu hut, djk, korean garden....etc. haha.  Staff: the owner was awesome (old lady i talked about before), and our waiter was friendly and attentive. He would check on us from time to time to fill our water and take away our plates. We never felt rushed to leave unlike other establishments. P.S. they use a non-stick grill so our waiter never had to change it. It never left that charred crap that would hinder our cooking experience like at most other places. It looks like i'll be a regular here.
2	Man, talk about high hope getting crushed like an empty can of soda. I have been waiting for this restaurant to open since the day they put up the Sula BBQ Buffet sign. I've been going to Woo Che and I think their food is alright. I was hoping this place would be better since I'm so used to good Korean buffets in the Bay Area. During the construction, I took a peek inside the restaurant and love what they've done to the place. It looks very roomy and nicely designed. Well, my friends and I finally went in and tried it last week and came out very disappointed. The cooked food was stale and old and looked like it was cooked the day before. They should have thrown this out (c'mon, for $20, we deserve fresh food). The bulgogi and kalbi tasted extremely sweet. There were not much variety; they actually got less items than Woo Che. I admitted the place looked really clean, but it could be because the restaurant is brand new. The staff was over attentive, but I guess I shouldn't complain about that. The old Korean lady (I think she's the owner) greeted us at the door and has been very friendly and nice to us during the whole time we were there, which made it really difficult to answer honestly when she asked how the food was. I'm going to wait for a few months and come by and try again to see if they improve. If not, back to Woo Che or other "all you can eat" Korean places in Vegas.
1	I totally agree with Brandon's review. The place does like nicer than other Korean buffets because it's brand new. As for the food and service it was not so nice. All the marinated meat was overly sweet, after having a few pieces you just had enough of the same taste. The cooked stuff does look and taste a bit old as if cooked a head of time or maybe a day in advance. Had the fried rice and chow mein noodles and they were dried and chewy. As for the service they were super attentive to begin with maybe because the dinner crowd hasn't arrived. The staff kept coming to our table every 5 minutes to ask if everything ok, if we needed more drinks and helped us clean the non-stick cook top but after 30min. into the meal and the crowd started piling in it was hard to flag them down for service. I feel sorry for the waitress having to service so many tables but they give their patrons a false sense of good service when they cannot maintain it. We were perrie dogging at our table trying to flag down any waitress that walked by but they were too busy to look around. The owner notice us but he just stood there at the cashier and brought us the check and we weren't even finished with our meal. The (old Korean lady/owner) was such a phony... she'll walk by your table as ask if everything is okay while she's continuing to walk so by the time you want to comment on something she's like already 3 booths down. And on top of that I had a really bad tummy ache right after and I hate to mention this in the comment because it makes it seem like I'm  really dis-crediting the restaurant but for the sake of my fellow yelpers. I hope you won't have a bad case of you know what because I have warned you. I don't think I will come back. No thank you!
3	Not too bad a buffet.  Just wish they had airconditioning.  It sure is difficult to eat with hardly any airconditioning.Food for the BBQ - they had different types of raw meat and seafood - octopus, squid, bulgogi, spicy pork, sliced braised pig leg, pork, chicken.  Loved all the meat and seafood on the bbq!  Loved the sauce and the green leaf lettuce that you wrap the cooked meat and seafood in.  Very refreshing.Side Dishes - kimchee, green chilies smothered with red chilli sauce (Wow!), glass noodles (love it 'cos it cools my palate) and others.Cooked food - didn't try itSushi - not bad.  They had pork and cream cheese sushi.There was also rice, soup, jello for dessert, watermelon and juice to cool down.
3	Their meat is good and nicely marinated just wish they had more variety of panchan.  It's decent for Vegas... I guess.  *dreaming about k-town....
3	Sula BBQ Buffet in the Macy's Home Shopping Center right on Spring Mountain has joined the AYCE Korean BBQ craze.  We've watched for months as the sign illuminated their existence, but waited for the doors to actually open. Last weekend, The Husband, a friend, and I finally decided to see what the fuss was all about.  We sat down a little after 7 pm and each took a look at the spread before us.There seemed to be a good amount of banchan to choose from, including white rice and purple rice.  Quite a selection of meats to choose from as well.  Their cooked items were okay - ranging from dumplings, fish, and tempura.  Their dessert selection though is something to cry about - jello, canned peaches, fresh watermelon and honeydew, old sesame balls, and deep-fried pineapple chunks.Price for adults on weekends: $19.95I do have to agree with other comments regarding the staff hounding you.  The managers would come by our table all the time (we were seated close to the register), and take a survey of the restaurant.  It made me wonder if they were watching how much we were eating.  At one point, the waitress put the bill on our table and I was a bit shocked.  I said "Is there a time limit?" under my breath, but she then told us to take our time.  (Take our time eating or take our time paying the bill?)  Either way, getting your bill during our meal is a bad sign.  Don't do it.  And yes, we also experience the older Korean owner too.  I guess I said something out loud about not having any lettuce, and a little green salad showed up at my table.  Weird.  Service is okay - drinks come immediately, and they also help with cooking your meat too.  Our grill got cleaned once while we ate, which looked super easy because she just wiped it with a paper towel.Overall, Sula BBQ Buffet was okay, I think there's a bigger selection over at Woo Che, and it's cheaper there too.
4	Like I mentioned on my previous post (7/24/09), I went back and tried it twice to see if anything changed. The first time, everything was excellent; they have this spicy crab/seafood soup that is soooooo good, that I kept going back for second and third and fourth....The meats were marinated just right and everything was wonderful. I walked out of the restaurant thinking I should give them 5 stars now. I came back the second time a week later b/c I want that spicy seafood soup. Guess what, no spicy soup that day. Also, I guess they put too much sugar into the kalbi, that it burned when it got onto the grill, even though the heat was medium. I looked around and realized other tables had the same problem. The sugary stuff from the kalbi got on the the grill, which created blacken burned layer and smell, which made everything tasted not so good. In conclusion, I guess the quality vary each day, so you may get great food or you may not at this restaurant. I will still visit them again. One cool thing about this restaurant is because the ceiling is so high and open, you don't get that nasty stinky smell on your clothes and body that you normally get when cooking food at your table. Don't get me wrong, your clothes will still smell, but not " have to go home and shower b4 going out again" bad.
3	I am all for all you can eat Korean BBQ buffet. The bulgogi is quite tasty here, the spicy pork was also pretty good. The variety of meat and seafood they have here is pretty big. The cooked food is pretty decent. They had pork belly that was quite flavorful. They had some sushi and lots of  assorted items. A lot of people would say wooche is better but i think it is because wooche is just a little bit cheaper. Other than the price, they are pretty much the same. The downside...once I eat rice the all you can eat deal is out of the window. I get full quick.  Too bad for me!!! :-(
5	Aside from my charming looks, I also inherited my parents' gambling nature. Well, I'm not that bad yet but I've been to Vegas more times that I can count since I was kid.When I'm in Vegas, I avoid eating on the strip or eating at the casino buffets (ack!). We've recently found the Asian Town and had to explore.We found Sula or Sura. The names were used interchangeably from the road sign, to the restaurant signage, to the printed chopstick sleeves and even the employee uniforms. My best guess is a printing error made my my fellow Asian's struggle with pronouncing their "R" and "L"s correctly. =)Whatever its called, it was DEE-LISH! An all-you-can-eat style buffet, we rushed to the cold bar to get our assortment of marinated pork, chicken, calamari and my favorite-- prawns! Next to that was a full bar of rice, noodles and even whole grilled fish!My favorite was actually the kim chi bar. OMG! I was in love. I couldn't wait to get back to the table, fire up  the in-set table grill and start eating. As soon as we started putting the food on the grill, I was salivating waiting for it to be cooked. The smell was amazing!Even though our server forgot to bring us our drinks, I was too distracted by all the food to remember until I needed to wash down all the goodness. It was okay, the great food made up for the mishap. The dessert bar wasn't anything to brag about. You have you typical fruit and jello... but they had a sweet tea (called relaxation tea) that was a nice way to end the meal. A sweet, spicy chai/cinnamon tea. The best part was the price! $20 for dinner and $15 for lunch. So skip the strip and venture to Sula/Sura for some good eats!
2	I am going to keep this real brief:Capacity: A lot of peopleFood: Korean BBQTaste: Tasteless/flavorlessSauce: Almost next to nothing besides the typical salt and pepper with sesame oilCost: No clue(I didn't pay) Recommend: NoI've been to numerous Korean BBQ restaurant in my lifetime and none quite like this place, in a bad way. As far as selections go as previously stated, they were all there but lack of flavor or sauce. The other side dishes were pretty standard with pickled kim chee, cucumber, bean sprout, and etc. Overall I would definately consider other restaurant before coming back here.
3	To me, it is so-so, the first time I came here, it was okay, the food is okay, nothing special, you get bbq beef, pork, chicken, all type of kimchi, and soups, they did not have tobacco sauce for the  oyster, the fried rice was not evenly cooked, tasteless, they used pork belly for the bbq, which is very fattening,
4	We weren't really looking to sit down to a full on BBQ meal, when we found this place, but decided to give it a try. It's always great when you don't have any expectations ..because you start with a neutral palate. When we left we felt satisfied and happy about our choice. The meat was lean not chunks of fat like I've seen at other places, authentically marinated, and the sides were varied and abundant. We heard during lunch there is a Chinese chef who makes dishes you can't get late night..there's also sushi for lunch. The restaurant is clean and service good. It's open until 3 am!! It's $20 bucks for all you can eat. I have to say it's the best on Spring Mtn. My favorite was the bulgo gi, candied sweet potatoes, the pumpkin soup, and the jap chae (clear noodles). We will be coming back for more....
3	When this place first opened up in 2009, I had sort of high expectations, because I'm still waiting for a quality, all you can eat Korean BBQ restaurant reminiscent of the ones in the Los Angeles, Southern California area. That being said, after dining at Sula/Sura I'm still searching for it.The place looks giant from the outside, and its size doesn't disappoint when you go inside. The BBQ isn't a table-side service style, where the waitress takes your meat orders and brings them out to you, instead, it is true buffet fashion where you have to go to the buffet station towards the rear of the restaurant and bring back your own meats to cook. The quality of the meats are slightly above average, and their choices range depending on if its lunch or dinner. Some of the choices to be BBQ'd might seem a little adventurous for some weary diners, such as marinated beef intestines and tripe. The meats come either marinated or not, and most of the marinades are exactly the same, but tasty. The Korean BBQ veteran might be pleased when they find they carry "Seng Kalbi" (Prime cuts of Kalbi, Bone-in) and the "Ghohb Chahng" (intestine). For the newcomer, the bulgogi, kalbi and other marinated meats should suffice. There's a fairy diverse hot food selection, but I can't really comment because I rarely ever touch that section. As for service in Sula, I can agree with many other Yelpers. The waitstaff and management can come off extremely rude. For me, it's rather been inconsistent, sometimes they provide good service and sometimes it's non-existent. I also do agree that they often hurry for you to pay the bill before you even finish the meal. I have never been to an establishment where someone walks around delivering checks directly to the table, mid-meal, and waits for payment right on the spot, bringing change and card receipts to you while you're grilling and trying to enjoy your meal. Actually, this is precisely what prevents me from giving them a 4 star rating. As for some other side-notes, I actually have noticed that this place has very good ventilation systems for every table. The smoke and smells from the grill in front of you don't leave you smothered in the smell of cooked meats, which is a plus. I also noticed that the grill does not get charred very fast, stays relatively clean as compared to other places. When it does, instead of changing the grills out, they come and wipe it down quickly with a clever tong+paper towel technique. They also let you cook the meat yourself for the most of the time, which I actually prefer, but I know that some other diners prefer to have someone actually stand there and cook/serve everything for you. Having a stranger stand there, cooking and feeding you is painfully awkward for me, so it works out for me.Pricing is average and the extended hours are great for hungry industry workers and partiers. Overall, when I feel like eating Korean BBQ, it's either here or Woo-Che, but it's not by any means the best in Las Vegas. At the moment there is no defining place to get your fix, but I'll keep searching far and wide until I find it.
5	My buddy and I decided to come here as we really really REALLY wanted a lot of protein at very little cost.We came at around 5:30 and paid the lunch price of about 15.95 per person and didnt leave until around 8:00 so we got the best of both lunch and dinner.The seasoned meats were nice and tasty, the unseasoned meats were unseasoned meats until i found the salt and pepper and BAM everything was gravy.They now have a kettle of Kimchi Stew which was good, not a lot of meat or tofu but it was still tasty and we got our meat fill elsewhere. Service was pretty decent only one time did a waitress come over and attempted to turn the food we were purposely allowing to burn and the left over marinate and juices to caramelize. After almost gnawing her wrist off she got the hint and just came back to collect plates and refill drinks. Overall awesome place for budget gorging of animal protein and fat. Yummy
4	Let me get to the bottom line real quick...Number of Diners: 4Extras (aside from Buffet): 2 Iced Teas, 3 Bottles 24oz of OK Korean BeerTotal Cost (including tip) $120With two of my kids, and the future Daughter-In-Law in tow, I was wondering how a Korean Buffet would compare in quality to a sit-down restaurant which I had been used to before. My daughter had been here two times before, and I think this was my youngest son's first visit.Positives...Meat! A LOT of meat! The marinated "good-stuff" is in center third of the Cafeteria-Style food area at the rear of the restaurant. with the prepared items to the left and right of it, and the Stews, Soups, Pots of Steamed Rice at the very end of the line. My word of advice is... Don't stop at the traditional Marinated Galbi and Bul-Gogi... you have the "barbie" right in front of you... grab some Clams, Octopi and toss it on the burner! There's nothing to stop you from grilling anything (or everything) that can be found in the Buffet line!Anchovies - love 'em!Fried Smelt - Yummy! Haven't had this in any type of restaurant in quite awhile! These were a little chubby... full of eggs in fact... Once you get past that it's just Caviar by another name... tasted very good, but a lot of bones.Chap Chae - Despite the fact that the clear Noodles were kinda cool... still tasted very good. IMO, if Chap Chae were cold, it would still taste good without losing that tender texture1 Toss some of those Anchovies in with the Chap Chae!EVERY Korean restaurant I've been in before would leave you with an Oily odor that gave the impression that you'd been cooking Korean all evening. Not this night! I think, the ventilation was aided by the Open Ceilings at Sura Buffet... There aren't any low insulated Ceilings... all the wiring and ductwork is exposed and painted in black all the way up to the roof. You don't have to shower afterwards... if you don't want to...The Bench Seating at the booths probably can hold four people to a side... it's very, very roomy including the Aisles.Service was non-obtrusive and almost non-existent... after all, it's a Buffet! It seemed the girls that walked around were there to prevent your grill from over-heating... turning it lower or higher, and to show the novices amongst us how to Grill. I had to walk up to the Cashier to ask for the Check... rather than letting my kids pay for this meal.Negatives...Fried Rice - A very basic Rice fried with Carrots and Peas... Spartan, to say the least.White Rice from a huge RIce Steamer! That reminds me too much of home... And the Stews, Soups also in Crock-Pot type warmers.Some of the Prepared Sides were waaay overcooked, as if they'd been sitting there for hours. There was a Green Bean and Tofu mixture that looked quite appetizing and interesting. But both ingredients were way too soft. That's the negatives of a Buffet unfortunately....And there were unheated vegetables that were waaay too hard and tough exposed to the air, I guess.... An Asian Bean Sprout side dish looked very appetizing, but turned out to be hard as a ROCK! And some Bok-Choy, turned out to be very, very tough.The OK Korean Beer - Just buy American... there's virtually no difference... and it's probably cheaper.
3	I didn't know whether or not to give this place a 2 or 3 star review.  Considering mostly all the cooked dishes were cold and ,dare I say, not that good.  The only saving grace was the marinated meats.  They had 4 different types of marinated meats 2 of which were short ribs and the other 2 being chopped beef and pork.  All in all the experience was OK but at a price of $19.99 per person I felt it was kind of steep for the quality.
4	came here late friday night around 1230-1am, my cousins were waiting for me and my sister to arrive from san diego to go eat some delish food. i was actually surprised that the place wasn't crowded at all, maybe one other party of two and a couple more people coming in about half way through our meal. if this was los angeles or san diego, the place would be packed with drunken peeps looking to eat up a storm/sober up.now onto the food: i had some marinated meats, the squid, kalbi ribs, a thick cut of spicy pork/bacon, but my favorite was the pork loin and the beef bulgogi. it was nice to have the place to ourselves so we didn't have to wait for anyone to get what we wanted. on top of this, the service was great, our grill was either cleaned or changed very often and pitchers of water and refills of whatever soda peeps ordered kept coming nonstop. i hope that their service is is this great when the joint is super busy too! i also had some kimchi, which was alright, the spicy cucumbers were better and i always love me some bean sprouts and cold clear noodles. what impressed me with this place is that they had a bunch of soups to select from as well, even though most didn't sound very appetizing, like the kimchi one, one of my cousins likes the pumpkin soup and i liked the one with the clear broth with daikon and other veggies. i forget the name they gave that soup, but it was the perfect ending to a great meal.
5	WOW! I was very impressed with Sura BBQ. I've been a fan of wooche and decided to finally try out Sura after hearing a lot of good reviews.Has a lot of seating and is very clean. The staff was nice and made sure to always fill out waters. They came around a couple times to see if we wanted out grill pan cleaned. Which all they do is wipe it down with a paper towel. (At wooche, they take the whole grill pan out) The array of different choices made it hard to figure out where to start! I started at the kimchee area. You can tell the wonbok kimchee is freshly made. And the daikon radish kimchee was delicious as well! They have a great selection of raw meats - usually, kal-bi, bulgogi, beef tongue, bbq chicken, and they had ribeye beef (my favorite that I've never seen at wooche!) They have soups - beef radish, soy bean paste soup, and kimcheejigae! I even saw sushi and also some hot already made choices like tempura, egg drop soup, chicken wings, etc. I am going to be dreaming about this place for a while. I am definately going to go back and probably will never go back to wooche ever again! Price is very reasonable. We figured it out to be around $18.75 a person! Well worth every penny!
5	I recently ate here for lunch! I can't decide if this is better than Woochee, but Sura is definitely good! The price is higher than Woochee, but the atmosphere is bigger and ceilings are higher which you don't walk out smelling like BBQ.The grill is a little smaller and round. The servers do not change out the grills when it gets filthy, they do clean it with napkins. I love their selection of meat, seafood and side dishes. The only thing they didn't have is the rock sea salt that I love to dip my pork belly in. Other than that, Woochee and Sura are tied in my book!
4	The most frustrating thing, for me, is traveling with a group of very indecisive people.  My family visiting from Korea had a bad experience eating the buffet at Paris the previous night so we decided to try Korean.  The way I see it is, WHY eat Korean food here when you can get bomb diggity Korean food in KOREA?!  It was more than that for my family as my grandma and aunt became nostalgic ... fast.  On our cab ride over, I frantically searched Yelp for a decent Korean buffet while chatting it up with our cab driver.  He just so happened to love Korean food and when I suggested this place, he said it was supposed to be pretty good.  So, we made a detour from Kimchi buffet to Sura... and MAN was it a great last minute decision.$20 all you can eat Korean food is ridiculous but the variety and quality of foods here is amazing.  My mom said they use the expensive kalbi where the cow is massaged?!  All I know is it was deliciously marinated and lip-smacking good.  Of course, I got way too much food but we ended up cleaning it out pretty pro.  They have really yummy kimchi soup and all their meats are succulent and flavorful.One very important thing to have if you decide to dine here is a phone number or business card to a cab service.  It's off the strip so there aren't too many cabs that frequent this area.  While we were waiting for our cab to pick us up, my grandma decided to tell our waitress that she was too skinny.  We had an interesting convo with her.  She shared her life story, which was pretty sad/amazing and killed lots of time!!  (Husband abandoned her, single mom with 3 sons, worked in restaurant all her life while her mom helped care for her kids, no time to eat and always working=skinny, kids are graduating school, very proud, etc...)Excellent service, delicious food, and clean environment.  The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because I think something made me sick here... it definitely wasnt the meat or soup... but then again, I was feeling sick most of my trip...  Stick with the meats and soup if you're worried.  I'll definitely recommend!!
3	Tucked inside the Macy's shopping center is the towering Sura/Sula restaurant. High ceilings and big glass windows covered with food photos guides you towards the door. Once inside, there's roughly 20-30 booths and a buffet area in the back. The salad bar is freestanding and the rest is along the wall with a kitchen hidden behind. We went with some friends to celebrate and instantly attacked the food. The banchan bar has a wide selection with oi sobaji [cucumber pickles], a spring-style water kimchi, regular cabbagekimchi, seasoned bean sprouts, stir-fried anchovies and several other things. The soup bar had a wide selection, with pumpkin soup, beef and radish soup, red bean soup, yuk gae jang, kimchi chigae and one or two others. While there, several different items were changed out for new ones. Spicy pork was replaced with pork belly slices halfway through, and the hot foods area was replaced with a hot-pot area, replete with stone bowls that I'm guessing you heat at the in-table grill. Fresh udon noodles, carrots, enoki mushrooms and other veggies were set out to round out the pot. The meat wasn't as spectacular as you would expect from a restaurant like Ginseng BBQ or anything, but for $20 a person it's pretty fair. A decent selection, with pretty big shrimp that were quite sweet. The kalbi was fatty and tender but not as flavor as some of the other versions I've had. Also, the bulgogi was flavorful but not as fatty as other restaurants. Understandable, of course, considering that at other places you'd pay about $20 for just a plate of bulgogi. There was squid, shrimp and several other meats available.I was happy when the fried onion rings were replaced with fresh veggies and the hot pot selection. If we hadn't been full I would've gladly filled up one of the stone pots with veggies and squid! The beer was $6 for a large bottle, which is about the standard around town [excluding in casinos!]. No green tea, but hot barley tea is available in plastic cups. Iced tea and soft drinks, as well as soju are available.It was a fun meal and a nice night out. For four of us we spent ~$102. We all left stuffed and pretty satisfied. I wouldn't run back right away, but it was pretty good. I think I would prefer to get my bulgogi and kalbi from Greenland market and cook it at home with some of the other sides to save money. Even so, it was a fun experience and I'm curious to see what the other restaurants around town have to offer in comparison.
4	It was my first time going to this Korean BBQ Buffet. I am not familiar  with most of their side dishes but their Kimchi was good. I enjoyed eating Korean BBQ Spare Ribs, and other meats like pork, beef and chicken. I also like their breaded Tempura Shrimp. I would go back again to this place. The server was helpful and people that work there are friendly. Gave them a good tip.
4	We came, we ate...and I suppose food coma is a sign of conquering the food for our moneys worth. I came with my cousins and we were in during the transition from lunch to dinner so we got to sample both collections of food. I like the interior...it has a bit of ambiance compared to most grill spots which like to go basic. The plus is the round non-stick grill. Some people might think it's weird that they only wipe it down with a paper towel, but really it's all it needs to get it clean compared to the usual grills that need to be replaced and deeply scrubbed. I like this kind of grill and the ventilation is decent here so I didn't get too much of that food smell. Meat is the game and the meat actually was a decent selection. The quality and freshness was pretty good. My favorites: pork belly- with a spicy marinate was really nicekalbi ribs- arent as fatty as other spots, more marbledtongue and thin sliced beef is always a favorite. Cooked items- I like that the foods were more Korean prepped than how some do a Chinese buffet. Came for Korean so want more of those dishes. Tempura came out and it was good actually, but I got it fresh off the frying. Most were okay, but I wasn't here to fill on dishes- I came for meat! Service- the service here is attentive and this was refreshing since most Asian establishments don't have this kind of service. The ladies filled out drinks, checked on us often, came to help cook our meats and clean out grill. The service was constant, but was unobtrusive and friendly. Let's put the things I have a shtick with aside- Banchan- some of the banchan was too salty and some during lunch weren't as cold and crisp as they should. I didn't get to have much banchan after the turn over as at that point I wasn't feeling it. Radish wraps- I love these, after lunch turned over, they took them away. :-( I would think this is basic like having lettuce or bean paste for the meat. I normally like chikke, the rice cinnamon drink, but theirs was way too sweet. Pricing- At $20 compared to other AYCE for dinner isn't bad, but I still don't know if it was a pricepoint I was happy with. They have a much better setup, service, etc. so I get where they need to keep their price higher. I guess I'm just sad I didn't get a little dessert (they have fruit, jello). If I went to Wooche I normally keep the $4 difference to grab something sweet to wash out the palette from the heavy flavors. It's easy to say I'll come for lunch but the kalbi and the thin cut tongue and such is only dinnertime and that's a bulk of what I want. I can see myself come back for a few reasons- not as busy, I don't smell as much. I think I'm a fan, but I'm leaning towards this being A-OK so I'll say it's a 3.5 star experience.
5	Cool thing is, you don't smell like a piece of burnt bulgogi after you leave the restaurant wahahah!!I came here because my mom decided to eat out for my birthday.. late birthday dinner AND I was like woaah, they have rib eye steak! Pieces of them! You get to serve your own bowls of rice as well instead of asking the waiter/waitress everytime. Hence, the given name of "Buffet". I haven't been to A LOT of korean bbq restaurants, but out of the ones I visited, I was even surprise they had rib eye steak..They even have small octopus..The short ribs and bulgogi is bomb afAnd the watermelons are mmmYou should totally go here! The Korean women are nice and willing.. to serve youuu :) They check up on you about every 5-10 minutes to see how you're doing, as well as constant refills!
3	Marinated short ribs were really good, good selection of other meats/foods, no rice paper tho.The place was open really late which was good for us after all the festivities.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was nice.
5	Great food and lots of variety.
4	I haven't eaten at all of the Korean places in Vegas, but this is my favorite AYCE. Everything was very clean and orderly.  It wasn't very noisy, and the servers were very personable.When I'm in Vegas and want AYCE Korean BBQ, I will head back to Sura.
3	Ah, now I see why people mentioned the cranky staring guy! Haha, fun. The last time I went to eat here, it was getting late. Close to their closing time, in fact. Though the hours state that they're open until 3, they actually start closing up the line by 2-2:30. We arrived early enough to be able to get through a plate or two by the time we were approached and told the line was being shut down. The waitress was super amicable overall, and very kind about the line closing. She let us get multiple refills and chatted us up. I was impressed by how friendly and open she really was and our group enjoyed our conversation with her. We had pretty much eaten to our fill by then anyhow, so it wasn't a big deal that they wanted to clean up. What started to irk me, however, was the obviously cranky guy in the corner who stared us down for the second half of our meal. He was doing accounting by the door and when two hungry and obviously enthusiastic looking guys came in, he promptly turned them away. Their sadness was palpable from across the room. Then he stared at us. A lot. It made eating reeeeeally awkward. He only seemed to cheer up when we payed and made our exit. Eh..The food was still tasty, but it's hard to eat when you're getting the stink eye.
4	Sula is a BBQ buffet. If your preference is to buffet style, versus having to  put in an order every time you want some kimchi or a more kalbi, this place is a great all you can eat Korean BBQ in Vegas.  You are able to cook your own meat (whether it be beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, squid, or octopus).Chefs slice out many different kind of fresh meats, poultry, seafood, etc. You pick what you like and barbecue it at the table. It is a great set up allowing you to cook your meats as much or as little as you like.There is a variety of choices for meats, side items and sauces so you are not limited. In fact, I found this a great way to try items I had never tried on a regular korean menu (i.e. I didnt want to risk paying for something I didnt like). Servers are surprisingly very attentive and friendly. If you do not feel like cooking, or do not know how to, the employees will come around and help you. Be warned, they will charge you $5 for wasting. I didn't have this happen to me... but there is a BIG sign in front of the buffet that says so. =)
5	I was honestly a bit skeptical about a $20 korean bbq buffet outside of LA.  How good could the korean food be in Vegas?  The fact that they had chicken, fish, and squid along the trust of fellow yelpers made this place worth a shot.  I can't recall a korean bbq place in LA with chicken and seafood.  They supposedly also have scallops on some nights.  The place is nice inside with good ventilation and temps despite the grilling going on.  You can choose from several basic korean banchen including kim chi, bean sprouts, cucumbers, and some dried shrimp mixture.  For raw foods to be grilled, you have a few types of beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, and squid.  They also have some sushi and chinese dishes including steam buns with bbq pork.  For dessert, they had an assortment of fruit to choose from.I tried about four of the side dishes and liked all of them except the dried shrimp one that seemed way too crunchy in texture to be edible.  The kimchee was  remarkably good and packed a lot of spice.  The server places your raw meat on the grill and you do the rest.  Not being a big beef eater, I chose only the pork, chicken, shrimp, and squid.  The pork and chicken were already well marinated in some homemade hot sauce.   Wow- the pork came out really flavorful with just the right amount of sweetness.  Thumbs up for the homemade red sauce!  The chicken and squid both came out really well also.   I wasn't so lucky with the shrimp because I overcooked them.  They also had previously grilled yellowtail and makerel fish but they were a disappointment because they were all overcooked and too dry to eat.   The steamed buns with bbq pork were suprisingly good and on par with those we had for dim sum earlier. However, the sushi wasn't that good.  Besides the kim chi and spicy pork, the other highlight of the meal was the amazingly sweet honey dew : ) .  I would have been impressed to see the kim chi and spicy pork they had here at any restaurant so I'm doubly impressed that you can get it at a buffet in Vegas.  They really should open a place in LA . . .
4	AYCE Korean BBQ. Mmm. What does that mean for a meat lover? Food Coma.Stopped by Sura with some friends from out of town (totalling 11 people). It was about 6:30pm. The place was pretty full. But they were able to accomodate seating for us right away. We were divided into 2 tables, but they were kinda connected, so it worked out great. It took a minute for them to take our drink orders, but once we got our waters and drinks, it was off to the buffet line to grab EVERYTHING.We each came back to the table with a mountain of meat on our plates. The meats here are marinated, and marinated very well. The flavors are great. The grubbing began! With shrimp, squid, brisket, short ribs, bugolgi, chicken, and other meats I don't remember. They also have a nice salad selection and extra foods like sushi rolls, tempura stuff, and other asian deep fried stuff.2 hours and lots of food later, we were still going at it! They were nice enough to change our grill out since it was looking pretty nasty. Then we saw a sign that says they are $5 and up for unfinished food. Another half hour passes by, and we had finished the piles of meat. We avoided the fluff of the fried foods and even veggies for the most part. But I did go for some fruits and jello afterwards!Not much of a dessert selection. And by the time I got to it, they weren't looking great. But I had some honeydew, oranges, and jello. A "healthy" sweet treat to end the night.At least the damage to my low-carb WOE wasn't bad, though I was overloaded with food. I've been to a couple Korean BBQ in town, but only this AYCE one, and I love this place. Great way to get your protein at a great price and it *can be* quick. But gotta shower after eating because man you will smell like food, but not really in a good way.
4	So short story, i was looking for a Korean BBQ Buffet and came across SURA so i decided to check it out.Sura is a great Korean BBQ restaurant. Easy access from Spring Mountain and a lot of parking. When you walk in you are greeted by friendly hosts..Once you are seated the waiter will quickly get your drink order, which we had HITE Beer ($5). Then off to the buffet. Everything from side dishes to soup bar to meat bar to seafood bar.. Everything was fresh and the grills on the table worked so good that the meets cooked extremely fast. Did not have to wait that long. So for a short review, i would recommend this to anyone looking for good, friendly Korean BBQ.$20 Buffet Price$5 Large HITEgreat price.. i will def come back.
4	i really couldnt decide if i liked the place. so i'll break it down.pros:its a buffet, so theres no long wait for another plate of meattons of other stuff besides stuff to bbq (sushi, tempura, soup, etc)the meats are pretty good (im not too fond of the marinated stuff though)because its a buffet, you can grab everything you needtheir salad bar consists of fruit and some other sweet stuff, which is nicecons: (keep in mind, LA korean bbq is very different than vegas kbbq)service isnt that great. i remember waiting a pretty long time for a water refillim a little iffy on kbbq buffets. granted, everything was clean and stored in the proper temperature. i guess i just like everything sliced to order?some of the fans didnt work, and we definitely came out smelling like kbbq (its expected, but the fans do help)maybe i expect a lot more from kbbq, or maybe im just picky. but i've definitely gone back a few times if i dont want to wait at tofu hut. i'm sure i'll be back though!
4	I love this place.  I love korean bbq in general so it already has some stiff competition.  Its an all night,  all you can eat korean bbq restaurant, buffet style.  The meat here is always great, and they have plenty of variety for other dishes as well.  Granted, if you come in at 2 in the morning, and expect their fried chicken or sushi to be as fresh as it would be at 2pm, you will be disappointed.  But who needs that when you can have all the meat and rice and sides you want?All in all, a great place to eat at any time of day, or night really.  Usually at the top of my list when thinking of places to go eat KBBQ.
4	This place was fun!  My coworkers decided we wanted to try some Korean food, and one of us suggested Sura as a good Korean BBQ.  The basic idea of the place is a buffet of various Korean sides, and raw meat.  the raw meat is taken back to your table where you have a gas powered BBQ stove waiting in the middle of your table.  You then nominate someone to BBQ the raw meat!  We tried a range of meats, from the bulgolgi to the squid.  Everything was yummy, particularly the bulgolgi.  The buffet has a pretty good range of food even for lunch (which is when we went).  The actual BBQ requires some method, I think.  You want to keep the thing hot, but not too hot.  if it gets too hot, you get scorched meat on the grill, which is no good.  It can be easily cleaned off with a paper towel though.  We saw someone else there BBQ their meat in the center, which made sense since the skillet had a sort of oval shape to it, with the sides having a holes to drain the access fat and juices.  There were five of us though, so we had to use the entire skillet!  I would go back with friends as it is a really fun place to eat, and the food is good too.  There is nothing quite like BBQing your own food!
4	Tastes great, good selection, AYCE kim chee, what could be better?  Kim Chee No. 2, Hawaii!
4	Eff yes. I'm surprised that in a town of buffets, a Korean BBQ buffet is hard to find.I moved from Vegas a few years ago, but I come home every once in a while to visit my family. My brothers recently discovered this gem and we went after a long morning of hiking at Red Rock Canyon.Maybe because of our exhausting morning, but it was one of the most satisfying meals I've had in a long time. The beef and pork were amazing. The squid left something to be desired, which is a shame because I love squid, but the chicken made up for it. I've only had Korean chicken BBQ better at one other place, and that's in San Francisco.Not only did they have cabbage kim chee, but they also had cucumber kim chee! I had a whole plate of just kim chee. My mouth was on fire and my nose was running, but it was so good.If you're in Vegas and looking for a buffet, this is one of the places to go. It's only a few miles from the Strip up Spring Mountain in "Chinatown." For $20, you get the Korean BBQ experience. My dad doesn't like to pay $20 to cook his own food, I love it because I can control the doneness of my meat.Plus, they have OB. A fantastic Korean beer everyone should try.
4	So good!! So worth the value. Will be back here again for sure! Finally found the best kbbq in vegas! Wooohoo!
4	After a few "failed" all-you-can-eat korean BBQ places in the Las Vegas area, there has finally been one with quite the success. I should say this is, maybe 5th or 6th? all you can eat KBBQ places in town? Located near Chinatown to the west of the strip. Newly renovated interior with decent ventilation. Price is $16.95 (i think) for lunch and $19.99 (i think) for dinner per person. [dont quote me on prices.... may have changed..] Most tables seat 4 comfortably, 5 with an extra chair but they do have two large tables to accommodate larger parties. They have "the largest" selection of meats ranging from pork belly, bulgogi, kalbi, and rib eye as well as a wide variety of cooked foods and sushi. As with all korean bbq, there will be an issue with smelling afterwards but this, is one of the "better" ones. Water and tea is included but not soda, and other drinks. A nice way to eat korean bbq is to wrap the cooked meat in a lettuce leaf after dipping in a sesame oil + salt/pepper mix.. Neutralizes the saltiness of the marinated meats without over-neutralizing and still being able to take in the full flavors.Service overall is pretty good (on the water filling as well as grill change/clean-up). I believe they had their grill plates changed to a new non-stick one so they can use this cloth and just wipe the burnt stuff on the grill away easily. Cleaner environment without the grease goin into the drain?? On thing i do find annoying is they love to turn down your grill... Especially when one did it, and 10 seconds later, another person comes by and turns it down even more ! hey ! i just put this meat on the grill, i need the heat ! They used to be open 24 hours but i dont think that was much of a success. Who'd go eat KBBQ at 4 in the morning. I believe they close at around midnight now. Definitely one of the KBBQ i'd recommend to friends and family.little note for students or the younger population - they do allow splitting of the checks without questions. =]
4	The food is good with a relatively wide variety of foods and dishes.  The quality is at best a 4 and the service is so so.   However, even though they do offer more dishes, it does it merit it being 20+ for dinner.  All in all, it has a clean environment and a nice place to relax and eat.
3	Meats were ample- pork, beef, squid, chicken. Lots of kimchee, some sushi, some cooked Korean goodies, soup and salad. Not the best marinated meat flavors we've had in Korean BBQ, but it's a good bang for the buck if you like Korean BBQ. Get ready to work-you BBQ your own meats on your table's grill. We spent about $40 bucks for two people.
4	I think this place is great!!!  I am an out of towner but came here for a bday dinner with friends.  They were very accomadating for us and even treated us all to a glass of Champaigne!!  I thought that was awesome of them!!!  The champaigne was pretty tasty too.... its not top shelf or anything, but very much appreciated because there were like 18 of us.But on to the food... I love the selection they had.  So many things to choose from... and the food was all delicious!  I was very surprised when we got there at the selection and the quality of the foods.  I was fell in love with this place instantly!They have too many items to go over, but I gotta say that the meats were of great quality and was really tasty.  I also like the fact they give you other options (ie steamed buns, sushi rolls, soups, salads, etc.), and that they provide things like lettuce and such to wrap your bbq in.  Ive been to a few places that charge for extras like this.  I will definitely be back.... this is yet another thing to make me want to go back to vegas...
4	Had dinner at Sura last night for the first time.  They have a nice variety of  korean bbq kept out in small portions to maintain freshness.  My favorites were the thinly sliced roast beef and bulgogi.  The roast beef was excellent dipped in sesame oil and salt/pepper and wrapped in lettuce with hot bean paste, YUM!!!  The bulgogi was perfectly sweetened and tasted great right off the grill.  I was happy.  The white kimchee tasted so fresh, I loved it.  My husband had a little bit of everything...he enjoyed it all.   Our dinner with our drinks came to $47.  I think we'll be headed back again this weekend!
4	First timer! Meats were fresh and plentiful. kalbi ribs and ribeye were excellent. Next time I come, I will be sure to get mounds of these two yummy meats. Shrimp was quite sweet and tasty. The pumpkin and red bean soup was also very yummy. They also had a whole bunch of other cooked foods that weren't bad too. Actually there were too many items to choose from. Didn't get a chance to sample everything. The desserts area could be better, but who had room for desserts after such a satisfying meal. But they did have this sugar and sesame glazed sweet potato that was quite good. The service was excellent. The servers actually had our first plate of meat cooked while we were getting other meats. It was nice to sit down and be able to eat right away. They came and changed out our grill two times. Will definitely go back to try other delights and have more kalbi ribs and ribeye.
5	OMG! THIS PLACE GAVE ME A WONDERFUL DINNER with Two wonderful friends. I LOVE IT!!! I think I'll be coming back!!! =D
4	I love how it's self-served.Not only do they have a great choice of meats and even small octopus, all the sides dishes are fresh and tasty (little sweet and salty shrimps are my fave) Probably 5-6 choices of soups and salads bar.Other hot foods included fried rice, cheese wantons, stir fried veggies, etc. Dessert was J-E-L-L-O!  sure brought back some childhood memories hahaThe service was great, our grill was replaced often and our server also came by a few times to cook the food for us.  Great last meal in Vegas... was it a good decision to eat here before the long drive back to SD? probably not! but we are food warriors and food coma got nothing on us!
5	for this kind of price, you get LOTS OF GOOD FOOD!i love the BBQ, they all taste good.i dont really like the tempura though, they're kind of taste sweet, but still edible.the appetizer is good and i love the sushi.
3	I am very picky nowadays to swarm buffets. Healty choices. Selection. Value. Those are what I'm looking for.This was not my first choice. The first choice had stopped serving All You Can Eat. And we yelped and found this place. Yeah!!!!!This buffet offered less selection than most in southern California. Being in Las Vegas where the foods are always overhyped, awful tasting, and pricey, this place was not a bad selection for the price. $19.99 for dinner and weekend. I have had better in Rowland Heights, CA for $13.99 with thrice as much selections across the board especially for raw meats (kidneys, stomach, livers, seafoods - 5x more) and Korean appetizers/salads.OK. Back to Sura. The place was reasonably spacey and clean, with ventilation hub overhanging making silent noises (i.e. not sucking away much smoke either). The wait service was decent during a crowded hours. They did offer once to change the grill top after I've scrubbed it a few times first.It did offer a few interesting choices that I liked... steamed red bean rice, red bean rice soup, and raw beef tongue. That's it. And they were just good. The rest was just OK. There were only two seafoods, dead shrimp and cut up squids. It also offered the typical meat choices... spicy chicken and pork, rib eyes, thinly sliced steak, and bacon.The Korean appetizers and salads were a bit boring, with the usual kim chi, and cheap selections. The hot foods section included fried fishes and fried gyoza. The sushi selection was patethic... only 3-4 selections of maki.If this place is in sourthern CA, I will give it 2-star and I will have many better choices than this. I wonder if it will survive down there actually.My Caucasian friends enjoyed it very much, being his first. Let the truth be known. We had a good flow of cooked meats going. And Organized. So diners, you can definitely cook a relatively good meal yourselves in Las Vegas. But this won't be a memorable event once you have left town... Just like the saying... whatever happens in Vegas, Stay behind!
5	If you haven't had Korean BBQ yet, you're missing out in life. #justsayinIt's pretty big for a Korean BBQ place, Plenty of tables. It's not fancy (just like most Asian restaurants). The place is open until 3:00 AM and is about $20 a person. All the meat is raw and you bring it back to your table where there is a spot in the middle to cook it. I always get the bulgogi (marinated beef) and this spicy marinated pork. The kalbi is good too, but it comes with bones and is difficult to eat with chopsticks. They also have all the available small dishes like kimchee, marianted cucumber, noodles, mung beans and other korean delights. Also to finish off there is this ginger drink in the dessert section. It's weird the first time you try it, but I always crave it when I eat there now.www.anitaeat.com
4	Korean BBQ with more than just Korean BBQ. You can find sushis hot steamed buns, sticky rice and a lot of other authentic dishes !
3	Liked the booths and the on table grills for bulkogi, etc.  Food seemed fresh and nicely presented on the buffet.  Wait staff was friendly and kept bringing out different items for us to share.  Not everything is labled clearly which would been a help.  Will come back to try again.
3	I am not usually an all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ eater, due to the fact that I don't eat that much meat and I don't like to smell like food long aftern the meal is finished.  But my brothers were in town and like most healthy men raised in America, they want their meat.  I checked out Sura on Yelp and the ratings look decent, so we checked it out.  There is a wide selection of meat, including beef, shortribs, pork, chicken, pork belly, the spicy versions of almost all the above.  For non-meateaters such as myself, there is also shrimp and squid.  The quality is good, not of the same caliber as Ruth Chris's, but it is $19.99 for all you can eat, and you get a great deal for the price you pay.  Unlike other AYCE Korean places I've been to, Sura has a buffet of all the meats and you serve yourself.  This setting proves to be convenient, but potentially risky.  We came at prime dinner time, so the meats rotated quickly and didn't sit out too long.  There are also a wide selection of appetizers, including various vegetable tempura, sushi rolls, soups, etc.  There are two large pots of rice, one of regular long-grain white rice and the other of sticky red bean rice.  There are also canned peaches, fresh oranges, and different types of jello for dessert.  The service was very good.  I never had an empty glass on my hand.  And the atmosphere is fun, with people roving around to get food, the buffet feel is attained.  Out of our group of 5 people, 2 of us seem to have digestive problems from the food.  There are no conclusive results, but just in case there is a problem with freshness, I have to take off a couple of stars.
4	This place was highly recommended by my new friend who is Korean.  I figure he would know the best place to go since he loves to eat and is Korean. (lol)For my traditional-bday-dinner-with the fam bam....I chose SURA since I specially thought my Mom would have fun cooking her own meats.(she likes everything seared and practically burned)The servers were real nice and very attentive.  We weren't really sure how to go about getting our foods except by familiar sights of certain meats.  Let me get my fave- korean bbq rib now! and a bit of this and a bit of that. The servers were helpful on which to cook first and what to actually put on the grill.  I was trying out the glass noodles and the server took my plate and placed the noodles on the grill...ohh I didn't know you have to warm it up...hahahah.  I should have brought my Korean friend to help educate us on what to eat with what and how and all that. Overall...it was yummy and delish.  The owner (I think he was the owner) was even helpful on taking our famiy picture so we could all be in it. One thing for sure..this is not a place to go to for a date since you will leave the place smelling like you were at a bbq all day.  My purse still smelled like bbq the next day- I really had to air it out.  Clothes, hair, purse.....bbq smell!!!  LOLGo here and check it out.  It's fun and yummy. Watch how the othere people eat and cook and just follow their lead.
4	The family usually ops out for Korean BBQ when we cant figure out or agree on where to go as a family! I recommended Sura BBQ after reading the responses here on Yelp and at the recommendation of a close friend...Cheyanne K. We came for dinner on a Sunday night, it was $19.95 per person, and it was about 10p at night. They are open till 3A which is a great thing!!! They're meat variety is pretty good, I saw shrimp, squid, pork belly, Gochujang marinated Pork Belly, Kalbi, Beef brisket, beef tongue, chicken, and the list goes on. They have a station with all the sides,  Napa Kimchi, cucumber kim chi, radish kim chi, jopchae, acorn jelly (sometimes) and other things. Then there is a food staion that usually has bao, the sweet or pork filled steamed rice buns, also grilled fish, sliced pigs feet, spring rolls and dumplings. In the rice station you can choose from mixed rice or white rice and for the soups I believe there was Kim Chi Chigae, spicy beef and vegetable soup, Seaweed soup, pumpkin porridge and beef and Radish soup. and lastly the station for your sauces and lettuce for the wraps, jello and fruits. The decor is a cool ambiance here, different when compared to other bbq spots here in town. The serivce was promt and the family had fun and walked away full!
3	I would come back. I don't live in Vegas though. My sister and her family took me here before they dropped me off on the strip. It's not too far from the strip. The food is descent for the rice. We mainly ate the bul-go-gi and the marinated pork. They have jap chae along with all the little kimchi sides. I went during lunch so I'm not sure if they put more out for dinner. They have this rule where if you waste food, they will charge you $5 or more. So make sure you eat everything on your late or else you'll be paying more! You pay after so there's no way to avoid it. If you want something asian and are willing to venture off the strip, I would say come here and enjoy some korean food. You get to cook on the table!
4	It's very hard for me to ever not like Korean BBQ. I love it so. My favorite in town is probably still Woo Che, but Sura is pretty good as well. I'd rate is a solid 3 1/2 (so I rounded up despite the lack of sides). The restaurant is large and well maintained. They have a pretty large selection of proteins to bbq. Their banchaan selection isn't great, but it'll do in a pinch. The salad and other sides were just fillers. Not really necessary and not particulary appetizing. I adore kalbi, so I usually fill up on that and their marinade was ok.The service was pretty good. They came by to refill our drinks and check on us pretty regularly and changed out our grill when necessary. All in all, I enjoy this place for what it is. I can't say it's the best I've ever had, but it's good and it satiates my late night KBBQ cravings. I wouldn't object to coming back again. Good food, good service, happy me. Yum.
4	can't go wrong... meat fest... decent sides... pork belly... they had squid too...i ddnt have a car on this biz trip, so im glad my friends took me here. its the first time i had that ginger iced tea, i think? whatever it was, it was a perfect end to a rich meal. the price was just right. next time, im renting a car jus so i could eat in chinatown...
2	I haven't had Sura bbq in awhile, so I decided to try it out again. I like how they have a decent selection of side dishes to choose from.The two things I didn't like:1) the marinade for the meats had a very potent garlic taste in it, leaving my stomach queezy.2) the workers would come by our table and mess with the knob for the burner and actually turned it off while we just put more meat on it. How's that for customer service?I'll stick to Woo che.
4	Several people have told me so much about this place, so I decided I wanted to try it for myself! It happened to be midnight & on a whim.  Firstly, if you claim yourself to be a carnivore, then you are heading towards the right path walking into this restaurant!WHAT:  Sura BBQ is a buffet-style korean bbq spot! I believe it has been one of the Las Vegas hot spots as of recently!  Instead of ordering the type of meat that you'd like, you get just just get up out of your seat whenever need be & pick out the meat yourself!  (FYI: the meat is raw when you pick it  up). You then take it back to your table and cook it to your liking (there is a hot-pot/stove top in the center of each table). Besides meat, there are additional sides you can also enjoy such as rice, salads, appetizers, & even sushi rolls!WHEN:  This spot is open from 10am-3am! Saturdays & Sundays all-you-can eat price is a standard $19.99 for everyone!  During the weekdays, I believe it is still $19.99 for adults, but $13.99 for children.WHERE:  Located on Spring Mountain, between Arville & Decatur!!WHY:  If you want meat, just came from the bar/clubs & have been drinking, or if you want to try something new!SIDE NOTE: Do NOT, I repeat, Do NOT get too excited about cooking everything up! Please make sure you finish the food you do decide to cook because they charge $5 or more depending on how much food you waste! So please portion your food wisely! =D
3	The meat selections were good, but the other dishes were not so successful.  I guess one would come to a place like this for the meat, so I guess that is the most important thing.  The service was good, but one thing that really irked me is that the server wanted my 11 year old to eat another 2 bites of her food, or be charged a fee for wasting food.  Huh?
4	i have been coming here for a while now. and what can I say, but it's good.  the only problem i have with this place is that they do not replenish the meats fast enough so sometimes i can't eat the particular meat that I want to at that time.  the price just went up but its still reasonable for a korean barbeque restaurant...
4	The price has gone up for this AYCE Korean grill, but still worth it for they have such a variety of food to chose from.  Their ribeye is the best, very fresh and tender.  If you got a plate full of just this alone, it would be worth the price of the buffet ($23.00).  Their other meats are good too, but I would avoid having the shrimp as it was not very fresh.  Their hot menu items are also quite good too.  Their soups are very flavorful as is their other hot desserts. Oh, and pass on the sushi too, the rice will make you full.  Eat the sushi or kimbap elsewhere.
4	Gathering hunter gatherers.I had kind of been on a hiatus from Korean food since my Honey Pig fiasco left a bad taste in my mouth.  I know, two completely separate restaurants separated by a street.  I threw the baby out with the bathwater, but it really was that bad.Anyway, we're talking about Sura.  We decided to give AYCE Korean a go again and to our pleasure, Sura delivered...about 5 pounds according to my scale.  At this place, there is NO waiting.  You walk to the carnivore station, pile on the meat and go back to cook your catch.  That's what I call fast food.  It does suck that you have to cook it yourself, but that's kind of part of the fun.  It's like we're cave men cooking what we just killed!  Grrrr!  I say kind of because the grill is small.  You can probably only fit 4 strips of kalbi at a time, which can take a while and lead to burnt tongues (not that I would know, or course). While the food is good and plenty, the quality is not top notch (as noted so eloquently by Misti Y.).  But you get what you pay for and you get a LOT for what you pay here.  They have abundant meats, banchans, deserts and rice (I love that I don't have to keep asking for more).  I know they have a bunch of stuff up at the kill zone, but I really didn't pay too much attention after stuffing all that meaty goodness in my mouth.  Yes honey, I am a pig.
4	AMBIANCE:Came in here and was greeted by everyone who worked there. And the old lady who I think was the owner smiled and showed our group of nine to our table. It felt like a family friendly kind of place because most of the people were there were families! It wasn't as loud as I expected to be, it was actually pretty quiet. Which earns them a star!FOOD CHOICES:The selection of meat was a lot, but not so much on the other already cooked dishes. I really like their fried rice and they had some huge ass dumpling like thing that I really liked. When I ate the calbi ribs, it had a lot of flavor also the chicken was still tender and juicy after being cooked really well. The only thing that irked me was that the food selection didn't have names of the dishes displayed, which kept me guessing half the time as to what the dishes were.SERVICE:The waitress was attentive and friendly. She even helped cut the calbi ribs for our group. She also made sure that our glasses were always full and always asked if we needed anything.Overall I had a good time here, I ate until I felt my stomach was gonna explode lol. Definitely give this place a try.
5	Based on  a recommendation from a fellow yelper - David Y, decided to take my wife to Sura's Korean BBQ.  Place is located in the Macy's shopping complex.  From the outside, it looks huge.  Walked in, it was quite spacious and clean.The buffet had a lot of things going for it.  This was meat heaven man.  Get ready to gorge!!  After an hour of stuffing my face with Galbee, Shrimp, chicken, and pork, I was ready to give birth.  Twins on the way baby!After we finished our main "meal", my wife asked me if I wanted  desserts (cantalope, orange, or jello).... heck no... I used all that "quality space" for meat baby!! LOL....It was great stuff... paradise!  Total meal cost under $60 (~ 23 per person, plus drinks, and tips).I would highly recommend this place!!Cheers,JV
5	Yes, I'm a fan.  I like this place more than I like other buffet meat serving restaurants.  The meats are better and you see it cook right in front of you since there are grills on the tables.  You get to choose from seasoned and well marinaded chicken, beef, pork, ribs, shrimp, etc.  As for the sides, there are a whole variety to choose from.  Everything is fresh and prepared on a regular basis.  The price is very affordable and much rather have our anniversary here if we had to choose.  I just love how involved we can be with our food without being at home in our kitchen.  With their service being good and servers are very prompt with what you need, I am coming back here again.  I hope my boyfriend likes it here as much as I did.
5	This is probably the best place to eat Korean food in Las Vegas.  You have to cook the meats yourself but it's really worth the price of about $23 since it's AYCE.  There's a wide selection of meats to choose from and also sushi, kimchi  soup among other soups and a wide array of kimchi and namul.  My favorite is the kalbi and I also enjoy their fried fish.  For dessert, they offer fruits and sweet tea.
3	After reading everyone's reviews on Sura, I was eager to try. I had just recently come back state side from a visit to Korea and wanted to continue my Korean dining experience. I must say that I was somewhat disappointed in Sura or should I say after reading the reviews, on Yelp, I had higher expectations.For starters, one of the problems I had was the seasoning of the meat. I think I had the beef ribeye as well as the chicken. The ribeye had no distinct flavor what so ever. At first I thought it was me, but my colleague made the same comment about the beef. Unlike the beef, the chicken was quite flavorful. In fact, it was so good, that I went back for seconds.Another problem I had was with the food that was already prepared. The food was cold. It wasn't even lukewarm. It would have been much more enjoyable if every thing were a few degrees warmer.Thirdly, maybe they have different selections on different days, but I was very disappointed with the selection of desert. I was quite disappointed to see jello as the main desert. They did have another selection for desert. Quite honestly, I don't remember what it was, but to me it wasn't that great.The last and biggest problem I had with Sura was the price. Considering all that I mentioned, I didn't feel that my dining experience was worth the price I paid for the buffet. It wasn't an exorbitant amount, but 50.00 for two people I was quite disappointed. But what do I know, I don't frequent many Korean restaurants at all, but I do frequent many asian restaurants and I was disappointed.
4	this place was awesome, I enjoyed the food and the service, it was nice to cook and enjoy company with family. The Kalbi and rib eye was awesome with the miso paste. and Korean tea was delicious, I will most defiantly come back, if they could I like to see fish cake mmmm but Kim chee was super good ...
4	i have been to this restaurant a couple of times now.  It was suggested to me from a friend.  i have to say that this place is pretty good for the price.  The price has gone up since the first time i went there, but the price is still reasonable.. $22.95.  All you can eat korean BBQ.  They have a nice selection to choose from. meats , seafood, soups, salads, and sushi.  the only thing is i wish they would have more selection on the meats and salad.. sometimes i go there and they can not fill the meats fast enough.  i go there for the beef brisket and toungue and i guess thats a popular cut of beef so its always gone.  But overall I plan to go back their again and again...
4	all you can eat K-BBQ!!  clearly if you come here you must have an appetite!  Located off the vegas strip on Spring Mountain Rd, this establishment keeps the grill tops coming as you keep piling on the meat!  Now, you should have some experience with Korean grilling before doing this as the servers have minimal guidance once the cooking starts.  They offer many kinds of meats.  Kalbi with bone in, ribeye, spicy pork bulgogi, beef bulgogi, spicy pork belly, pork belly, shrimp, marinated chicken, squid etc.  I recommend to stick with the kalbi, bulgogi and marinated pork belly!   The sides are also all you can eat and are decent but not great.  I did like the jap chae noodles though.  Price will run you about 22 dollars per person which is reasonable for all you can eat KBBQ places.  Worth a short trip off strip to get your korean fix!
4	This is the place to go if you love Korean BBQ.  The meats are great from the kalbi ribs to the bulgogi.  There are plenty of side dishes to choose from and the cooked food is decent.  The service was great and very friendly, and they would pay attention to your grill if it needed to be replace due to it being burnt from cooking.  I would definitely recommended this place to anyone who is craving K-BBQ.
2	We went on a recommendation from a friend. But we still made a tour of the buffet before paying for them.There was a lot of meat selections, but very little on everything else.We did not eat any cooked food, they did not look good at all. The dessert section has only couple cut fruits and lots of jello.We were there for meat, so we did not really care about anything else.At the end of dinner, we agreed that short ribs were the only thing good to eat, as matter of fact, they were very good. But we also agreed that we won't go back again on the fact that it was a $58 meal for two with very little service and variety of food. I mean, I could have bought a lot of short ribs with $58 and cook them myself just like what we did in this restaurant.
4	Oh Sura... A Carnivore's  Playground! As a Catholic who gave up meat for Lent- dinner at Sura was a delicious way to celebrate its conclusion. It is buffet style where you grab your own meats, then grill it to your preference at your own table.  If you don't know what you like- you can grab a slice of every meat to sample, then pile your plate with your faves. And there is a protein for everyone: chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, squid, marinated or non marinated.  My personal faves were the squid, beef tongue, bulgogi, and galbi.  Yum, yum, yum. Even the banchan is buffet style and there is quite a selection. From pickled cucumbers, pickled watermelon, bean sprouts, chapchae, and my favorite- spicy kimchi.  The jigae of the day (spicy beef and vegetable soup) was fabulous.  There was even sushi, fish, and tempura.  And it is quite toddler friendly too- fried rice, fresh fruits, and jello for dessert. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  My glass of iced barley tea was never empty. And I asked if they had the thin sliced radish wraps, and she brought me some from the back and told me that if there is something I don't see on the buffet- to just ask. I will definitely be back! But, ladies- leave your designer purses at home- unless your nose wants to be reminded of this delicious meal for days to come.
3	Sura is a passable Korean AYCE place where you can stuff yourself on Korean style entrees.To be honest, everything that wasn't a meat was pretty average including all of the banchan dishes.As for the meats, the only ones that I really enjoyed were the marinated pork belly and kalbi, both of which were actually very good.  I spent the night grilling these meats then wrapping them in sangchu (lettuce) with ssamjang and roasted garlic pieces.  Mashiso!Service was just okay and the place was kind of clean but I'd rate the overall experience as just the slightest bit above average.
4	SURA BBQ buffet - you can't really miss their sign, its freaking huge.My parents weren't lying, this place definitely has some good meats.  The variety of options here are awesome.  Aside from the bbq meats, you have soups, your choice of sides, sticky rice, pre-grilled fish, sushi and a few other Chinese/Korean entrees.But the bbq meat is where its at.  The Kalbi is one of the best I've had at a Korean BBQ joint, The meat was of good quality and well marinated.  I also enjoyed the bulgogi, it was more on the sweet side but it went well with some kimchi.
5	My roommate/coworker is Korean. He just moved here from Korea a few months ago. We've been living in Vegas since April and I was worried he was getting homesick so I told him that I would find him the best Korean BBQ place and we would go chow down. I told my roommate that we were going to tackle every Korean BBQ place in Vegas and I wanted him to be honest in his review of the place. After all, he would know authentic! Me, I'm not very picky because like my friend KFP says "if it could walk or see, I'll eat it". I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The meats are arranged in buffet style so you load up your plate with your meat and cook it at your table. I loved the Galbi and the Rib eye chunks. Mr. Cha loved the bulgogi; very flavorful. They had a lot of other things like cooked seafood, kimchi, etc. But I was there for the meat and I was very happy. So was Mr. Cha. He was glad we went there because according to him, that was the best Korean meal he's had in a while. The waitresses were very nice and the place was very clean. Can't wait to go back there! Thank you YELPERS for pointing me towards Sura. p.s. don't go to the massage place next door called Asian Spa. See my review of that place for further explanation
4	Good value if you go for the BBQ.  Skip the Japanese fare and stick to the Korean food.  Really like the beef bone soup.  Couldn't get enough rib eye, bulgogi and galbi.
5	Never been a HUGE fan of Korean BBQ...all that raw meat - too many people cross contaminating utensils at the table, the smell that even after a shower you can't shake, things you cannot identify or pronounce...Sura BBQ is all of those thing, but oooh sooo good!  Well we did do the cooking, so we patted ourselves on the back a little for this review.  The meats were marinated with a lot of flavor, and the price cannot be beat!  $22.95 p.p.  They had all the things you would expect...and the Kim Chi was sure tasty! The waitress was attentive with us, one sip of water or soda she was there filling it up - keeping us full of drinks I guess so we would eat less! Go check it out, Ill be back!
5	This is one of the best deals for All You Can Eat (or any) Korean BBQ in Las Vegas! I am a BIG eater, and find it frustrating to try and order a single dish at most other Korean BBQ restaurants. Paying almost $20.00 for a plate and still being hungry after is extremely frustrating. Paying under $25 and getting to eat all I care to for a couple hours on the other hand, AWESOME!Their bulgogi is very good, as is the dak bulgogi (chicken). My wife loves the kal bi ribs and spicy pork.Wide selection of various meats, with different spice/sweetness levels is nice to have. Also, cooking the food the way I like it, without the staff messing it up is always a plus! (Will write a review of Honey Pig soon, their staff loves to mess with your food when it is cooking in front of you).
3	I don't know about you guys, but this place is just ok for me. The selection of meats are pretty basic and they taste decent. But what brought the stars down for me is the poor presentation and the sucky hot food selections. Their fried rice was garbage, their sushi was garbage (why even serve sushi?), their glass noodles sucks. What sucks is that their short ribs weren't even that great of a quality. A lot of fatty inedible pieces and they were all cut in different thickness, which results in uneven cooking. One thing that i can vouch for Sura is that their tables, grills, and fans are really clean and their customer service is wonderful. 25 for dinner is pretty steep for an AYCE in Vegas.
5	Went for during lunch on Friday, introduced a couple co-workers to that which is Sura. One had never had cook-in-front-of-you Korean BBQ and was amazed at the concept. Once we started pulling food off the grill, we all kept eating and eating. While we got our money's worth, it was tough to go back to work after!Both co-workers were talking the entire meal about having to bring their families in to enjoy AYCE goodness.The only "hitch" in the visit, was when we tried to leave. One of us was paying for our own food, one was paying for the other two people. We told our server this when he asked if we needed separate checks. He brought us back a check divided by 2. After about 5 minutes of back and forth with him, he brought another server over that understood what we were saying, everything got straightened out and we bounced.
4	The meat sweats. You read right, the meat sweats. Here's the low down. Walk in and tell the person who greets you how many in your party and follow him/her. When you get to your table, give the server your drink order; you should start to collect your utensils, proteins and other food items. During that time, your server should have turned on your burner, which is key because when you start cooking your proteins, the grill is or should be hot enough to sear (too much Food Network for me). It takes me a few minutes to gather everything I want before I start cooking, but preparation is key. Cooking 101: Protein on hot grill, with the occasional flip from one side to the other. Each diner should know or understand the basic fundamentals of applying heat to protein. If you're chewing too much and it's a bit too rubbery, and it tastes raw, more time on the grill. If the protein is black, dry and crunchy, too much time on the grill. (It's called the Maillard reaction.) In this case low and slow is not good.From there, you're on your own. Eat your protein(s) with rice. Place a protein in a lettuce leaf, like a wrap. You know what, don't bother, and just eat all the protein you can. If you don't know what to do, see if there's another table next to you, and follow what they do. Or ask the staff how to proceed. Or don't, because you really can't do too much wrong here. I place my cooked proteins in my rice bowl, and let it rest there. Any juice runoff goes into my rice. I'll eat a bit of rice with a protein, or make myself a wrap with a piece of jalapeno and garlic.. At the end of my meal, I've got meat flavored rice, made with real meat. I personally like the aspect of cooking your own proteins. But I can't understand how anyone can blame a restaurant where you cook your own food, then complain about getting funny tummy. Take some responsibility and/or some cooking lessons.Observations I want to share, two of customers, one about the staff: 1: Lady, the tongs are there for a reason. Don't use your hands 2: Brother, this is a buffet, plenty of dishes, no need to reuse your bowl 3: Dude, you work in a restaurant. If a utensil falls on the ground, don't put it back in with the clean utensils
4	Great Korean restaurant in Vegas! They had everything you could imagine. I'm originally from LA, so I know what good Korean food taste like. Sura had awesome variety of food. If you ever want to take a friend to try Korean food. This is the place to go because it had cold noodles to kimchi soup. There was no one specific great thing..but everything was good especially for a Korean restaurant in Vegas.
5	So far so good...My buddy who lives in Vegas took me here last year for lunch and man was I glad he did!  I think it was $14 or $16 per person (sorry, I can't remember).They have the typical food selection you would find at any Korean BBQ restaurants.  So there's not much surprises or disappointment.  Yes, you do have to cook your own food but it's an experience, especially when you bring a friend or two (or more).  The staffs are polite and accomodating.So if you like to eat and eat and eat...this is it.  It's a way better alternative to eating buffets at the casinos.I give this place 5 stars because of the price, food selection, staff and the ease of getting and cooking your own food.Also, it's about 7-10 minutes off the strip...you can catch a taxi to get here but there's not much taxis to get back, you can always call and have a taxi come pick you up, you just have to wait.  But if you have a rental car during your stay at Vegas, definitely visit this place.  You'll at least give it 4-5 stars!
4	I actually really enjoy this place... all-you-can-eat, pick-your-own, self service Korean food! The restaurant provides you with steamed rice, 2-3 different types of stew/soup, a wide variety of meat to BBQ at your table, the traditional Korean side dishes, the appropriate vegetables to go well with the meat... even some popular non-Korean dishes such as Chinese-style fried rice, mussels, etc... and much more (pike mackerel, sushi, dessert). Honestly, if you're hungry and want to drop $$ that's well worth the spending... this is a fantastic place to go. I'd say it's the top 3 Korean places to eat in all of Las Vegas.
5	Best korean bbq for the buck. Decent variety, ok salad bar, weak sushi and fried nick knacks, but the endless no wait, meat marinadr heaven, late night buffet style can't be beat. Some places have bettet quality and more variety but usually at 3x the price. Fat Panda win.
4	I really liked this place because it's good for big parties. I came here on Wednesday night with 9 of my friends. Very good selection of chicken, pork, bulgogi and shrimp. Definitely try the spicy pork, baked mussels and the wild rice (it's really wild). It's a bit pricey for this place, it's about $24 per person for dinner ($28 overall with tip).
3	Service is five stars but not the best prepared Korean BBQ i've had. But if your hungry it gets the job done.
3	Being from California and living next to Korea town in OC, I was pretty spoiled at the quality and selection of meats available for KBBQ.. so just be forewarned, this review is probably a little biased.This is a buffet style KBBQ joint that's located on Spring Mtn., Overall the service was superb and we were considering that was the reason for their high rating. Dee N., her brother and myself ate the following: Brisket (meh), pork belly (Good), Kalbi (moist and tender), and squid (nice sized pieces and great after it took some of the meat marinade)There side dishes were also a good amount of selection and their noodles were great as well. This establishment is probably one of the bigger ones that I've seen and so will come back, but only if their prices were so much on the higher end.
4	This place is a lot better than Woo Che BBQ, a similar Korean BBQ place just across the street. I've been to Woo-Che plenty of times, but I think I have a new favorite.My favorite food items were the kalbi and the clams. Sushi was pretty good also. Their meats looked fresh and the chefs kept bringing out more stuff. I even spilled some sauce on the counter... as one of them were watching me. I said, "Sorry..." and I got a reassuring smile and he said it was just fine. *wipes forehead*I didn't like it when one of the servers just turned off our grill. He didn't even ask if we were done! That was odd. i had to find another server to turn it back on. *minus 1 star for that*Also, don't be afraid to order the water. It does not take gross at all. I like it b/c it doesn't take away from the flavor of the meat.I would definitely go here again. Even though it was packed, it didn't matter. The great atmosphere and awesome food makes me happy.
3	I came here with my uncle while I was in Vegas. We came around 7 and it wasn't crowded. I ate before at 5 back at the hotel.  So I came and I ate for maybe 20 minutes and I couldn't hold anymore food in me. One because the meat was so bland. Last because the meat was kind of hard too. So it was a waste of me to even come. Oh well. They have a great selection of meats I guess. I wasn't really paying attention. They also have squid, shrimp. They also refill ur drinks a lot. But be warned if u order orange juice they'll give it to u in a bottle. And won't give u another one. They also have hot food and a great selection of soups and 2 selections of rice. Don't get the jello it taste bad to me. And they have salads. They charge for wasted food. And it's very hot in there. And don't where ur fanciest clothes u will come out smelling terrible.
4	Went on a Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant was quiet.  This place is usually packed when I come here at night so this was a nice change of pace.  The meat selection was great.  We loaded up on the pork belly and the ribeye.  So tasty!  There was a great selection of banchan so we were very happy.  The only downfall with this place or any other korean bbq place is that you will smell like food after you leave.  So hopefully you dont have any major plans afterward.  Not that you would want to do much of anything since you will pretty much eat yourself into a happy food coma state.  Every time we have out of towners coming in I bring them here.  My dad and little bro love this place when they come visit.  Can't wait till the next time!
4	I love the marinated meats! For AYCE korean BBQ, this place is pretty good. I think the meats are what really stands out for me. Everything else is just ok. But if you craving for some tasty meat and a fun experience, come here.
4	This is where meat and kimchi lovers explode. I belong here. As I was getting my kimchi craving satiated, I overheard a couple talking. Obviously, it was the bf's first time.Dude: "So, this is a restaurant where you have to like, cook your own meat?"Girl: "Yup! You bring the meat to the table and cook!" Looks at him with the biggest smile, ever.Dude: Looks lost and kinda grossed out. Holds up meat. "Oh. So, what is this?" Looks at the meat suspiciously.Girl: "That's chicken"Dude: "Are you sure? I bet it's cat."Girl: "No! It's chicken."Dude: Looks disgusted. "I bet it's cat. This whole buffet is cat. Cat!"This exchange embodies cross-cultural clashes. I love it. A great and clean cook-it-yourself Korean bbq restaurant. It's so much better than rival Woo Che BBQ a few blocks west. The concept is straight forward: server heats up the grill; you choose from a buffet of uncooked meats, salads, appetizers, soups and bring it your table;  start grilling your meats, eat, and enjoy. Repeat. I loved it. The combination of fresh flavorful cooked meat and spicy fermented cabbage is deliciously intoxicating to my soul. I also enjoyed the cucumber salad, noodles, and pumpkin soup. I frequented so many times with the meat that a gentlemen next to our booth remarked, "I like your appetite!". Guilty. At $20+ per person (during dinner), I wanted my moneys worth, duh. My only gripe is that I wish they had more veggies to grill (i.e. eggplant, zucchini, bell peppers) and dessert options. Strawberries would've been a perfect ending. Service was friendly and our waitress helped clean the grill frequently. The blend of fresh ingredients, friendly service, and a funny overheard exchange permits a recommendation.
1	Are you kidding? This is 4 stars? Come on now fellow yelpers... Is this the best Korean BBQ buffet can offer? Their kalbi is "LA Kalbi" style..This is terrible. Drive over to Yum Yum BBQ or check out Island Style.There needs to be some star correction here.
4	First time ever getting KBBQ outside of LA. I was kind of skeptical of the quality.The taste of the food is actually really good. You also get your choice of meat (so many I forget what was there) and other dishes. Bonus is they have an area full of the pan chan (side dishes. don't know how to spell it :-P). I love being able to get as much kim chi as I want so I can grill it. Only negative is you need to remember to get a separate plate for your meat. Unless you like having raw meat next to cooked food you're going to eat. Because of this, you end up with lots of plates on the table.Also, considering we ate there at 1am, definitely not bad at all. Service was great, but might be because we were one of three parties there.
2	A bit pricey in my opinion. Everything is self serve. The bulgogi and the chicken were delicious, but all the sides were mediocre. Although the meat was good, I don't think I'll be returning.
4	All you can eat korean bbq ! love the selections and the old lady is super nice everytime we come here =]
2	Compared to all you can eat korean bbq I had in Seattle, the food quality here doesn't even come close to it. And it's expensive ($22/person, OB beer $5.99)! I have tried other korean bbq places around vegas and other asian restaurants, the food quality is rather disappointed here.
5	You want it, they got it. Galbi, YES! Pork Belly, YES! Bulgogi, YES! Besides these staples, they have so much more. Compared to other AYCE BBQ places, they always have everything stocked up and fresh. I have been to a few other restaurants and the meat look old and grey, but at SuRa is such a beautiful red. Looking at the pan of rib eye pieces made me want to grab the whole container.The banchan here is also plentiful with so many different varieties. We might have got there right when they changed to dinner, because the presentation was meticulous. The kimchi and meat were stacked in immaculate rows and everything else looked so vibrant. My friend says that there are off days, but they were out to impress today. For $23, they have a huge spread for dinner. There must have been at least 15 types of meats including seafood. Some were marinaded and others were just bare. I ate so much of the rib eye that I almost didn't have room for the fried sweet potatoes coated in honey and sprinkled with sesame seeds. Save room, because you do not want to miss out. They are crisp on the outside while soft and fluffy on the inside. I am a huge fan of this tuber and am always happy to see it on any menu. The only thing that I wished they had were the big metal bowls to make bibimbap. Their mixed rice is cooked to perfection and if I could top it with all the banchan, drizzle sesame oil, add a heaping spoonful of gochujang, and put an over easy egg on it, I would be in heaven.
4	This place has a good quality meats. I prefer Sura to Woo Chae the AYCE Korean BBQ just across the street to each other. Sura has a lot of Ban Chan(side dishes) like pig's feet,Kimchi,spinach,bean sprouts,tofu etc.Sura has different kind of sauces for you to choose.The restaurant has variety of meats as well as marinated chicken and seafood and fish. This restaurant is good if you bring american friends or friends who is not so keen of Korean food since the restaurants offers Japanese selection as well.The staffs are friendly but not so attentive.I have to wait awhile to get my hot tea refill. I really like this restaurant and would recommend it to anyone.
4	This Korean BBQ buffet has a large variety of Korean meats and ban chan items. You can tell that the people here ensure that this restaurant is clean all the time. I think the only gripe about this place is that it is pretty expensive, especially during dinner time. Also, there is a big disclaimer in the restaurant saying that if you waste food, you will be charged a minimum of $5 or more in addition to what you already paid for the buffet.
4	The big neon sign outside made me a little wary, but upon entering I could tell it was going to be a place I would like.This is your buffet-style AYCE Korean BBQ. You grab a plate, pick up some items from the buffet, then back to your table which has a grill in the middle. I loved that they had pork belly -- probably my favorite cut of meat. There was plain pork belly and then a marinated one. There is also a very nice selection of banchan. Love the sprouts and fish cake. I didn't get a good look at the hot foods or dessert items, but I'm sure they were fine.My dining companion and I agreed that the marinated meat items were not that stellar. I guess we were expecting some level of spice. I did like the beef tongue very much, it was very fresh and toothsome.The atomosphere is welcoming and clean. Although it wasn't packed, there was a steady stream of people that night. Service was great, the waitstaff stopped by every now and then to check on our drinks and if things were okay.
5	Pound for pound the best AYCE Korean BBQ. I can have Ribeye and Bulgogi all day.  All the meat is marinated just right and the side dishes are always fresh.  Every visit for me has resulted in a slightly different choice of side dishes which keeps the variety active and me coming back for more.They were open to 3 AM in the morning on a Friday night, and I'll assume Saturdays too.  Something to keep in mind the next time you want AYCE Korean BBQ late night...enjoy...! =)
5	I've been here numerous times and recently went again for my friend's birthday and I must say, I have yet to be disappointed with this place.    If you've never been here, you gotta definitely check it out.  In my opinion they are one of the best KBBQs in town.  AYCE is decently priced and the selection is pretty good ($23.00).Pros:* you get to get all your own food at the AYCE bar* good service*large selection: beef, short ribs, pork, chicken, pork bellyCons:* you smell like KBBQ, but hey what do you expectTips:* Come here hungry* don't come if you're hungry to the point that you are getting frustrated and mad... why? Because you still have to cook your food!* Only get what you can eat otherwise you'll pay for it. (and no I am not speaking from experience... I eat all that I get thank you!  There are signs all over the place that states this).Overall:  I'd have to say this is one of my favorite places in Vegas for Korean BBQ.  Not only is the food superb, but the service is also good.  They consistently check on you, refilling your beverage and even changed our grill to a new slate so our meat and other goodies wouldn't stick to the surface.  That's something that is often neglected at other KBBQ joints that I've visited.  This isn't the cheapest in town for dinner, but definitely has something going for it.  I'd highly recommend it to any KBBQ fans.
5	i'm a korean bbq snob and this place is my new favorite joint. i'm from out of town. soot bul jeep in la and brothers (hyeongje) in hawaii don't compare. the meat cuts are fantastic. 3 bone slab and the ribeye (boneless) cuts are my favorite. be sure to get the raw kimchee'd squid banchan. delicious. also love the long grilled fish (i think it's a pike). the chap che is good - everything is good! i would pay twice or more than what they're asking (shhhh....don't tell!).
5	This place is the bomb.. If u go to Vegas, u have to stop by this place....All u can eat korean food for under $25....
4	Easily the best bang for your buck Korean BBQ!! A must go! The waitress' suck but whaddya expect at a buffet? The food is awesome!
5	This is my favorite when it comes to all you can eat Korean.  There is a large variety of meats  to choose from among other dishes.  But I usually come here for their meats.
3	I thought the selection was limited, but looking over other people's review, it's been declared as a location with a variety of choices in the neighborhood. Coming from San Francisco, I think the comparison between the two cities for Korean BBQ is unfair. There weren't any of the sauces/ingredients that I like when eating korean food, and the marinade of the meat wasn't all that tasty. But the bulgolgi was good. The price seemed a bit steep too, and you should only come here if you are starving and can scarf down a lot of food.
5	Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love downtown LA KBBQ.  But, I'm sorry... Sura is just a tad bit better.  First off, it's CLEAN, the restaurant is LARGE, and the nice variety of food is so appealing!  The price is right at around $23/person for all you can eat.  -Food is at your selection in the rear of the restaurant.  Everything is hand-picked on your own.-Good amount of different types of meats, sushi, vegetables, fruits, fish, rice, soups, etc. so choose wisely!  They warn customers that if you waste, they will charge you for it.-Roomy seating, so don't be afraid to go with a large group.-Order your beverages from the attentive servers.Lastly, as with any AYCE joint, make sure to build up an appetite prior to arrival, so that you are HUNGRY and ready to eat!
4	This is our place to go to when we are craving spicy kimchee without feeling guilty we are on a diet.  We pick out our meats, and a plate of various vegetables, and skip the rice, and other assorted items higher in carbs.  This is a cook your own, at table, and we always have a wide selection of beef, chicken and port on the grill.  The service is good and they always come by to help out by cutting or slicing up our meats and adjusting the fire.  We cannot feel bad about getting our fill of kalbi ribs, teriyaki and chicken bbq.  This is our secret place, we go usually on a Sunday afternoon and no one is around and the food is fresh and service is excellent.
2	$15 for lunch AYCE bbq. One thing I didn't know was that all the meat and sides are buffet style so you have to serve yourself and bring the food back to the table. Some of the meat that we selected was tough - the only thing that wasn't tough was the spicy pok short ribs. I enjoyed eating copious amounts of salad after a week-long binge on junky foods but still, for $30 total I felt like we could've gotten better cuts of meat. Also, they charge for leftovers here so make sure not to take too much meat when you first start cooking or else you'll be overwhelmed.
4	Great AYCE Korean BBQ place. Love the wide selection of marinaded meats and they even have shrimp, octopus, and a variety of banchan. Super friendly and attentive staff helped us refill drinks and cut up our meats frequently. I would have given this place full 5 stars if they only had steamed egg and rice paper. But overall highly recommended. Came here during lunchtime, not too crowded which was good, and about $25 per person.
3	Gruuuughh. A very large Korean BBQ Buffet that caters to Chinese patrons.You'll get all you can eat; however, you won't be impressed with the meats. Brisket and tongue are great but ...whatever blah blah blah. Don't come in expecting a high-end establishment.However, I should mention that there isn't anything particularly bad about this place. It just doesn't feel very Korean. I'd rather search out where the old grandma and grandpas go to for the truly legit stuff. Use this restaurant as an introductory BBQ Buffet but make sure to move on to the next level as soon as possible.
4	A must stop place every time I'm in Vegas.  Its an all you can eat Korean food glutton's heaven.  There is a pretty good variety of meats that include beef, pork, and seafood.  But really, who gets beyond the Kalbi (beef short ribs).  The Kalbi was perfectly marbled, seasoned, and since you cook it right in front of yourself, perfectly cooked!!  The sides aren't anything too special, but they have your standard ten types of kimchi that vary from spicy to very spicy.  There's a huge rice cooker full of different types of rices and different soup offerings too.  Great place to go with lots of people and you can be super loud and it doesn't matter.  Hm...okay, gotta run, just thinking of this place makes me want to plan my next Vegas trip.
4	After coming here, I realized, all AYCE KBBQ places should consider doing self-serve.
5	If anyone Loves Korean food only way too go! Always been fan of Korean Garden still am. I decided too try all you can eat style instead too mix things up with friends. Heard only good things about the place prior! Why not. Happy I did because really the selection is awesome! The proteins alone no idea where too start between tongue and kalbi. Tongue and Kalbi the star hands down. (three guys so imagine we had three or four plates of straight meat) brisket, even had head on shrimp, chicken, and sides everything imagine from bean sprouts, kim che, japache, and endless. Even have hot line side with sushi, fried rice, and noodles few other things. I went for the korean food so passed on all hot line stuff. Time you leave not full then something wrong.The atmosphere much bigger restaurant then looks from the outside. It had high ceilings! Great! It never gets smokey with everyone cooking up storm. Surprise as much people in the restaurant friday night plus all the cooking going on. Still able too have great conversations with friends without shouting. Lot of times find this style korean place packed hard have conversations hanging out with friends. Parking more then ample parking lot in front of the building.
2	man i felt stupid for coming here...let me tell you why!! Its sunday so...we're all hungover and burnt as hell from partying it up in viva las vegas..in fact some of us were still drunk! we were all hungry but didnt feel like going to any of the hotel buffets and kbbq was right up our alley! not knowing any kbbq in las vegas i used the magic words.."LETS YELP IT!!" and up came this spot! of course many were like BUFFET?! NO! but me being the yelp lover as i am..."no guys it has 4 stars on yelp! it means something!" and so along we came...YELP YOU HAVE DISAPPOINTED ME =( (j/k love you forever!)THE RESTAURANT: HUGE! i was like holy shit...n e ways it was nice and clean! and spacious! of course it's buffet style...and unfortunately was only a fraction of the restaurant...aka very limited items!THE SERVICE: it was okay nothing to worthwhile to mention or hate on...i  mean it's buffet style you get shit yourself! THE FOOD: all the side dishes SUCKED ASSSSSS! and there was no rice paper! i'm starting to think all kbbq in vegas have no rice paper?! can someone tell me if this is true or not? THE MEAT...was ok! not horrible but it was ok...idk if i've been spoiled by some bomb ass kbbq back in los angeles..but damn...!OVERALL: NEVER AGAIN! and unfortunately none of my friends will never listen to me on food places =( even when i go..."b-b-but i'm an elite member!!" worth mentioning...-they had sushi and it wasnt too shabby!
4	This is more of a 4.5 star than a 4 star review.Sura has a delicious variety of Korean cuisine. The only thing that I could live without is the cheezy "Asian foods" that you can find to the right of all the Korean barbeque. However, the meat here is exceptionally good especially for a buffet. I don't see how you can ever be upset with all you can eat Julmurook, Kalbi, (Dwaeji) Bulgogi. I just don't see how... Service here is also great. It probably deserves a solid 4 stars. This is because you will usually get excellent service the first 10 minutes of your meal, and after that you may have to get the waiters attention if you need anything else. However, they will always serve you with a smile and never hesitate to change the grill for you.I do prefer this place over Woo Che because the food quality and variety is better here, and I do believe that it is worth forking over the extra couple of dollars for a better overall experience. However, do not let my review deter you from trying Woo Che as well. Both are excellent restaurants to dine at!
4	came here after leaving mothers grill (horrible restaurant btw) and had a great time! There was so much variety in meat and soups! we ate so much.. the only compliant i have is that when our water and tea was low i had to get up and find a waiter... didnt like that
4	We re-visited on our last trip.  Still same great food.  My friend grabbed the food before I pointed out the surcharge for waste.  So our table really struggled to finish off everything!  Still, the food was great, and my favorite meat remains the chicken.  One thing bothered me though was the price.  On the weekend, they charged a lot more, but the buffet was exactly the same as I last remembered.  What?!  So one star off for that.  But on the weekend, it's still the best deal for Korean BBQ that I've seen anywhere.
5	We have a new favorite restaurant in vegas now.  This is the place to eat.  The korean bbq ribs are VERY good.  Come hungry.
1	My experience at sura was horrible. It was our first and our last time there. If I could put a negative star I would. We get in at about 335pm and were sat at a table. I go to get food (vegetable tempura shumai and egg foo young) well I take a seat back at the table and take a bite out of the tempura and about to take another bite and that's when I look down at my food and see a hair in my food. I pull at the hair and it ended up being a 2inch piece of hair. I told the first waitress and she apologized and took my plate away.. Ok so moving forward with our lunch not having an appetite to eat much I go and take a piece of my Kim chee and under that piece there was a piece of hair.. Talk about being disgusted.. I tell another waitress and she tells the owner and the owner comes to the table and was like I'm sorry blah blah blah.. Then the owner and waitress started to talk in their language and started to laugh looking at the plate.. Talk about feeling like crap as being the customer.. Then the owner goes well it could be your hair.. That was it, I was being so nice and professional with the whole matter after all it wasn't my fault and believe me we have the money to pay for our meal so trying to get a free meal is something I was not trying to do. With this happening twice in one sitting I am sure that I will not be returning to this place again.. Trust me it pays off to look at your food so stuff like this doesn't happen and your not eating someone else's disgusting hair..
4	Food is great ;freshness,quaility, and variety. They include ribeye in the all you can eat. Soups are great. Variety of ban chan is good too. Some people like their seafood and such. The waitress never let me go empty on my drink. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars they weren't good about retreiving dirty dishes, and a salad bar would be nice(they have some but not really)
5	Best Bang for your Buck All you can eat Korean BBQMeat: 5/5 The quality of the meat is pretty good, I'm not much of a great meat critic but it was good to me. The seasoning on the bulgogi was yummmm that's my favorite dish there. Also the short ribs I can't get enough of their recipe. You can also grill Shrimp and squid which is also tasty Sides: 5/5 They have a great variety of sides from kimchi to cold noodles to fish cakes. Depending on what day or time you go it changes. I love the kimchi square radish, spicy/tangy/crunchy Sushi: ?? They have a small variety of sushi rolls pre-made just your simple California rolls or tuna rolls. I've never tried them because I'm there for the Korean BBQ meat not sushi. Soups: 5/5 The soup changes but they usually have 2-3 big pots of soup you just serve yourself. My favorite was the kimchi tofu soup its a great starter before the meal. Value: 5/5 All you can eat Korean BBQ for $20 per person. WOW I remember when Korean BBQ used to be $20 a plate. Their lunch is $15 a person WOW & if your craving Korean BBQ late they're open till 3AMParking: 4/5 Pretty decent lot, it shares a parking lot with a reflexology office and I believe a sears home furniture store. During peak dinner hours it can get a little packed in the parking lot but as long as you don't mind walking a bit it shouldn't be a problem
5	Two words: Simply Amazing.
4	I've been to a few all you can eat Korean BBQ places here in Las Vegas and must say this is the best one i've been to yet.  They serve most of the popular marinated beef, pork, chicken, and seafood.  Pretty much something for everyone except maybe vegans.  For those not familiar with the all you can eat Korean Style BBQ, You pretty much grab whatever and how ever much meat you want and take it back to your table to cook.  Which some people may or may not like because you are in a sense cooking and serving for you self.  On the bright side you are basically pulling the meat off the grill, cooked how you want it, and it doesn't get much hot/fresher than that.  They also have various prepared food and you can grab off the line.  I remember seeing steamed rice, fried rice, various kim chi,  sushi, and all the other various Korean side dish items.Overall if you have quite an appetite for delicious Korean BBQ and don't mind cooking your own meat I would recommend this place for you.
5	My husband and I had just moved to Vegas and were driving around when we saw the "BBQ" sign. lol  So we thought why not!  Well to our surprise we walked into a completely foreign type of food.  Neither of us had ever been to a Korean BBQ, but to our delight the owner was so gracious, sweet and put us completely at ease within 5 minutes.  She showed us all the meat and explained what we were to do.  The other patrons of the restaurant were also very concerned that we had a good experience.  Several times people would ask us if they could help us and offered to show me which foods were hot and spicy.Never in our lives have we been in a place that cared so much in giving us an enjoyable experience.  And, was it good?  You better believe it!  Don't ask me what I ate, but it was definitely good and we will definitely be going back.
4	One very weird afternoon I have a sudden crave for korean bbq. I never like buffet or korean bbq too much simply because I will eat too dang much and I am trying to loose weight for my wedding.But, I decided korean bbq it is and I drag my "rather eat pho fiancee" to go and grab some delicious koran bbq. After contemplating between honey pig and sura, we decided to try sura first and save honey pig for later. I arrived around 1 pm and the whole place was rather empty. Nice decoration, pretty posh too and plenty of bbq meat to go around. $15 perperson for lunch, drinks are not included and I think thats a pretty good deal. Try the bbq pork belly, love the marinated beef, not so much on the other stuff. Too bad they dont have any sauce that goes with the beef like gyukaku or any other joint or I dont know where to get it. All they have is that oil with salt thingy. Too salty for my taste. They dont have any beef ribs, maybe for dinner only, no shrimp, maybe dinner only. All and all its not a bad experience, friendly service and attentive busser. We should've eat more, but like I said. I am on diet. Should stay away from bbq buffet. LOL
2	I honestly don't know what's so great about this place. I've had way better Korean bbq for way cheaper. This is the first kbbq I've been to where you can pick and choose for yourself what you want in a buffet line, which is cool, but overall, the meat is not that great. I tried every single meat they had to offer, but nothing was absolutely YUM. It was just meh... The only thing I really liked was being able to pick and choose in the buffet line, because constantly asking your server for more pork belly and potato salad is annoying.
4	They don't only serve Korean BBQ, they have tons of cooked dishes as well.  They had tons of meat-Bulgogi, marinated short ribs, spicy marinated pork belly, pork belly, rib eyes, pork, chicken, shrimp and squid.  The waitresses were great!  We stopped in on Sunday around noon.  The place was not busy.  Thought we were going to have it at lunch price of $14.99.  Our total bill was over $50 + tip.  If I'm not mistaken, $22.99 per person.  That is very high for lunch.  Maybe because it was a Sunday.  Should have done more research before we went.  Overall, we had a great experience. The food was delicious, the staff was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas.
3	jumped on the bandwagon, and paid dearly.Yelpers and Urbanspooners (most, not all of 'em) consider Sura Korean BBQ Buffet on W. Spring Mountain Road "THE" quintessential Korean BBQ in the valley, so I jumped on my wagon and off I went to Chinatown.The place was, surprisingly, not packed on a Sunday.  I was greeted by one of the ladies, and was told I could pick and sit where I pleased.  I chose the booth not too far from the buffet line.  Yes, buffet line :).  Unlike other Korean BBQ joints where you tell the wait-staff what you like, Sura has everything on a buffet line.  You pretty much help yourself with whatever and how much ever you want.  Buyers beware, however, they will charge you extra $5 and up for leftover (wasted) food. The buffet line was impressive, If  I may say, but I limited myself to just a few of the ban chans and their meats (kalbi, marinated pork belly and rib eye cuts), plus few decent sized shrimps and calamari chunks. I found all their side dishes subdued and underseasoned and really didn't carry the usual "spicy korean kick", hence the presence of different condiments on the tables, not counting the array of sauces and dips on the the buffet line.  I don't know what I was thinking but I grabbed few tempura, and as expected they tasted like they've been overlooked and were few hours old under the heat lamp.  Who would eat sushi and tempura veggies in a Korean BBQ?  or Chinese chow-mein and fried rice?  Well, I had to try them, duh!The cuts of meat were a-OK but a-plenty.  The selections and variations were feast to my starving eyes! They're not the best of cuts but they were all tender and just rightfully, to my taste, well seasoned and perfectly marinated. For $23 per person, don't expect a japanese wagyu beef here.I have yet to check and try other Korean BBQs in Las Vegas to put my stamp of approval that Sura is the best in Las Vegas valley.  They're good alright, but I still prefer the Korean BBQs holes in the wall in Los Angeles' Koreatown.  It might take a while for me to come back to Sura since there are few other joints I have to visit to make a good, if not impartial, comparison.  Their prices are a bit expensive compared to LA's, but am not sure if that's the standard here in Vegas.  I think $24 was a rip-off but I was told it's only $15 on weekdays, but still $15 is still a rip-off compared to less than $10 charge in LA.  With Los Angeles' Ktown BBQ as my point of reference, I give Sura a "i might come back" rating.   On a good note:  their wait-staff were very friendly and helpful.  There were only two ladies and a busboy but they made sure everything was OK and the tables cleared away and cleaned up right away.  Though my pocket was a bit heart broken with the $24 damage, it was more than willing to spare extra $6 as gratuity for the the very " " ("chinjeolhago ppaleun")* service. Ok, don't be a-hatin'!  Don't tell me to repack and reload my bags and drive back to Lala-land.  Am just saying!  Geez! *fast and friendly
5	I love Sura! Great food all around, and they stay open as long as you want. I love their side soups, like yukgejang (spicy soup with shredded beef) and galbi tang (beef on the bone soup) when they have it. I always eat too much and leave ever so satisfied. If you like Korean BBQ, you'll love Sura!
3	I love Korean BBQ.  Been to Korea many times and had it in back alleys with laborers as well as in the finest restaurants in Seoul.  It is always very good.Here at Sura, I would say, it was very, very edible.1.  Price - This I would give two star.  For three adults and 2 kids, they charged us over 130.00.  What, the kids ate like a couple of pieces? I know all about buffet and pricing and I am not here to haggle, however, there should be some flexibility?2.  Selection - Very nice the selection is.  Bulgogi, Kalbi, Chicken, Squid, Pork Bely, Shrimps, Octopus, on and on and on. Plenty of it, just the cuts of the meat are not the greatest and even the tasty marinade cannot disguise the tough cuts. Edible, just not the most succulent or tender cuts of meat. 3.  Service - I would give this two star. They seat you great, take  your money great and in between, they refill your drinks fairly okay.  Want utensils or napkins?  Good luck.  After the plates start to stack, they will in fact start to remove them. However, it is not the best service. Kinda like "forced" service.4.  The Barbecue - I prefer a to have my very nice and clean barbecue grill (it was clean) sitting on top of a nice fire (it was nice) with a fresh oil drain, not plugged up with all the past guests oily mess.  (Yikes)  (Nasty)5.  The Bathroom - Well, I would say this bathroom rivals the best chinese restaurants for the worst bathroom.  No paper towels, and can using a mop be that hard?GK says I will be coming back to give this place a second shot.  I just hope that I pick the right time and place so I can have a total and complete good experience.  We liked the place, the kids liked it, so I know it has potential.
3	I lived in Korea for several years, so my standards are a little higher than what others may have. It's not the best I've had, and doesn't come close to what you can find in Los Angeles, but it's one of the best Korean buffets I've found in Vegas. I guess my biggest complaint would be there is no tempura shrimp (not that the tempura looked fresh anyway. It is a little pricey for what they offer, but when you need a kalbi and bulgogi fix, it will do.
4	We ate here last night and it was better than the first time. it was probably cause we didn't go with anyone else so we didn't feel rushed. Meat is good and my drink was never empty. I miss eating Korean food so this was perfect
4	Wanted to get away from the strip for dinner. This place is open till 3am (+1 star). Food was OK, but not great.  The squid was old and rubbery. The shrimp were whole including their heads, so I had to wash my hands again after cleaning and de-vaining them, as my hands stunk of fish.  The rib eye was great, fill up on this. The ribs weren't bad either. They also have Wasatch beer, from SLC including Polygamy Porter for $4 (+ another star).  Probably a 3 star experience, but I'll give it 4 for previously stated reasons.
5	I starved myself all day (read: six hours) for dinner since I knew a buffet was a-comin'. Sooo worth it! I wanted to go straight for the marinated stuff, but my more experienced friends warned me about that, so we started on beef brisket and pork belly. Those were actually pretty decent too, and the brisket got better when I found some onions to throw on the grill. Then when we got to the kalbi and bulgogi, I was in heaven.Only downside was that the marinated pork was kinda strange, like it was done in some sort of rice wine. Not exactly that spicy either, and definitely not what I expected. Since I'm a meat fanatic, I skipped most of the other food, so don't ask me about the sushi, which you should be eating at some other restaurant anyway. Service was also good and our server had a sense of humor about us deciding to clean our grills off ourselves. She left a bunch of the heavy-duty paper towels with us so we didn't have to use napkins (oops). All in all, it was a fantastic evening, and I would come back again for sure.
1	DIRTY, DIRTY, DIRTY!!!!We should have known immediately that this place was going to be gross by the garbage littering the walkway to the front door.The raw meat is left out in the open at room temperature marinating next to other ready to eat food. Sketchy, but it was on ice so we decided to go for it. Our waitress was pretty rude, and she seemed to want to hurry us through the entire meal. Everytime we got up for more of the buffet, she turned off our table side bbq pit, as if to convey that we were done, when we were not. We ate and left, only to spend the evening in our hotel room with FOOD POISONING. Absoulutely horrible restaurant. The service needs a lot of attention and the food needs to be cared for in a clean, proper way. One star because it really is so disgusting.  :o(
3	This is my first and only time having gone to an all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ restaurant in Vegas. I am writing this review based on my experience with authentic Korean food, since I'm in Korea every year, and the quality of the meat and service, etc.First of all, let me say that the selection of meat is excellent. My family and I kept going back to pick up our favorites, and I have no major complaints about the quality. I just wish that there were more options for spicy marinated meats, besides the pork. Banchan (side-dishes) available were okay. I would've liked them better served at the table, and not having to run back and forth holding multiple mini-bowls to get all of the ones I like. Major complaints: My mother and I ordered sprite, both of which tasted watered down (like toilet water or something). Very gross. I thought only casinos had that issue with their fountain drinks, but apparently not. Also, I'm used to having the grill changed every so often by the staff in normal Korean restaurants, because after a while the grill obviously builds up black char (not sure what that's referred to as), so it will taste gross on your meat if you don't switch it out. I asked about twice for them to change it, so the second time around, the guy finally came and just cleaned off the grill with some napkins, but it did the job. No major complaints with the service. It's a buffet-style establishment, so of course you need to be independent about getting what you need. I would come back here again, but I hope to find something better for $20 a person. I'm picky nowadays about where I get Korean food, so I'll be looking around Vegas til I can find the best AYCE bbq place. I really hope this isn't it. Perhaps I've been too spoiled though, getting great quality cuts in Korea for less than $10 an order. ;) haha!
4	I have never been a big fan of Korean food. Not too crazy about some of the bean sprouts and sweet marinated meat that they use. So I was pretty skeptical when I heard my friend tell me about a 'all you can eat meat fest buffet'My skepticism was quickly shot down when I stepped foot into Sura.Sura is exactly that and more. The main attraction if of course the AYCE buffet. There have a wide assortment of meats, everything from beef tongue, bulgogi, squid, marinated chicken, pork and more. A carnivores dream come true. You simply get your meats and grill them at your leisure via a built in grill on the table. I will admit that the meat itself is not of the finest cut, in fact any pieces have large amounts of visible fat on them.In addition to the expansive selection of raw meat, there are plenty of side items  as well. orange chicken, various soups, rice, tempura sushi, meat balls etc. The restaurant itself is very basic. Virtually no decor, and like in many Korean restaurants you have no assigned waiter. You grab whoever walks by and they help you. The restaurant itself is pretty massive, can easily eat over a 100 people and (which is big for a KBBQ restaurant). On top of that they do have a great selection of soju (korean alcohol similar to  vodka) to wash down the meat.If you love meat, this is the place for you.
4	They bring out the Kal-Bi and steak strips at nighttime! I am a fan of their pumpkin soup and fried yam thing with honey and sesame seeds. Service is very friendly, the workers change the grill when it gets too charred and drink refills come fast.  In my opinion lunch is not worth it as there is only bulgogi to slow down my beef craving. Another thing to consider is that this place can get very hot, especially during the summer months so if you are eating with folks that tend to get hot flashes, don't consider a cook at your table place for fear of extra salt from sweat in your food.
4	This is a long overdue review, but this place was like nothing I've ever seen.I've been to all-you-can-eat Korean BBQs here in Seattle, but I've never seen a Korean BBQ BUFFET? Jackpot.Came here pretty late on a Friday night with family straight from the airport. I was pretty surprised at how many choices of meats there were, both marinated and raw - kalbi, bulgogi, etc. You can also choose your preferred choices of ban chan (kimchi, bean sprout, radish, fish cake, etc.) Usually they limit you on the types of meat they serve - not the case here. Everything was really tasty. I don't remember exactly how much is cost per person, but I don't think it should run you more than $30.Definitely visit if you're looking for good KBBQ in Vegas.
2	Pricy for the kind and selection of food that they have. They don't even have seaweed salad.  I'd rather go to Asian Buffet or Makino next time.  The only thing I like is the caramelizes sweet potato with sesame  seeds.  It took a long time to cook the meat by the temperature of the grill.  Service was okay!
4	My sister and I decided to give this place a try for lunch, and I'm so glad we did. Great personable service, and great tasty food! All you can eat Korean BBQ for $15 a person. It was our first time at such a place, and it was very kind of our server to show us how to use the grill and properly grill our meats with the right tools.  My favorite dishes-- pork belly in spicy marinade and seaweed salad. Pure fatty spicy awesomeness! I wish I had a place like this back in upstate NY--waaah!!Too bad they didn't offer desserts other than fruit, but really... you just step out and get boba drinks or other things since you're smack dab in the middle of Spring Mountain's Chinatown. They focused on the BBQ, and they did pretty fantastic on it!
5	This place is the beset Korean BBQ that I have been to so far! It's really good food and then people are extremely nice. I really enjoyed going here and definitely plan to visit again.
5	The variety of meats and appetizers here were overwhelming. The marination was perfect and grilling it took no time at all. Watch out for the grill as you cook, it pops and sizzles as you cook away. My eye was almost taken out by a piece of hot flying meat. haha! Our waitress was super sweet and recommended dipping sauces for us. She even made us two sauces and a side salad. She really made the experience special for us. Overall great foodie experience!!!
4	Good prices, great service, great food.  If you want Korean and don't want the ambiance of Mothers, or the nastiness of Korean Garden, come here.
5	If you have a big party you can reserve a spot ahead of time, GGGReat! so we did. We were greeted by the owner, she is real cool and nice, and she than sat us down, and the servers started to work in getting what we wanted to drink. The buffett had a good selection of  marinated meats. kim chee, soups n cooked food (even tho the cooked food wasn't of big selection, it was fresh and good). Only complaint is their dessert, wish they had an ice cream machine, thats why I awarded em' 4 stars instead of 5 stars, but they offer jello and fresh fruits. The servers were real friendly n very attentive, always keeping our drinks full, taking dirty plates away n changing grills incase you burnt the grill, luckily I am a CERTIFIED GRILL MASTER so I didn't have that problem, lol. Anyhow ,we showed up with a party of 13 ppl that were very hunger and left with 13 satisfied, filled tummies, good memories, n happy smiles. Can't get any better than that. Korean bbq at its best!
3	Loved the idea of a Korean BBQ buffet, which I've never seen before. The quality of the food was generally OK, although not the best selection or display. Frankly, what hurt my review the most is the unattractiveness of the buffet itself, and the less-than-fresh quality of a few food items.That being said, still enjoyable. They let us take control of the BBQ and I was thus able to let my chicken get burnt to a crisp, just how I like it. The selection of banchan (cold appetizery things) on the buffet was decent but not extraordinary. I also enjoyed being able to take two bowls of that cold cinnamon-y soup for dessert. Yum... wish this place were not so far away from me. Glad we got off the strip and came here.
4	I finally decided to go out in search of a Korean BBQ place in Vegas again. I had almost completely given up and felt like it was a lost cause..then Sura BBQ walked into my life. Now this place can easily be described as Korean BBQ heaven. The meats are all lined up buffet style, so you can get as much as you want, whenever you want! They have everything from Brisket to Kalbi, so come prepared and ready to eat! The meat is of decent quality and plentiful. Besides meat they have a huge selection of banchan, soups, and various kinds of rice as well. Compared to the other Korean BBQ restaurants I have been to in Vegas and LA, the service here was actually not that bad. The waiters and waitresses were very attentive, and always regularly walked by to refill our water and ask if we were enjoying our meal.This particular restaurant is open until 3 am, so if you ever need to satisfy a late night Korean BBQ craving, this is definitely the place to go! I really enjoyed my dinner at Sura and would definitely recommend it to all.
3	Was gonna rate this place 1-2 stars but the owner/manager lady really made it up at the end. Food wise...I mean it has all the typical things a kbbq would have. Has shrimp, squid, and chicken too. The lettuce looks fresh when it was in the tray but when I looked closer a lot had small rotten spots on them. The food is decent. The service...SIT FAR AWAY FROM WHEREVER THE LADY WITH THE LIGHT BROWN HAIR UP IN A BUN IS GONNA SERVE. I've probably been to this place over 10 times. And every time she is sooooo rude! I brought my sister to eat today and she's 10. That lady comes up to her and BARKS "HOW OLD ARE YOU?!" seriously? She's a kid, you can't ask in a nicer tone? Another time this lady pissed my party off was when she STOOD there at our table to wait for us to pay the bill. She always rushes us to pay the bill like we're gonna dine and dash or something. She needs to learn how to speak in a nicer tone. At the end we went up to the lady at the register and I'm assuming she's the owner cuz she was dressed differently. If it wasn't for her being so nice I wouldn't have remembered that she's always nice! She always tries to have a conversation with us and joke with us. She made us laugh. Honestly, I haven't had a prob with the service here besides the waitresses. The guy waiters are nice. The manager's friendliness added 1-2 stars for this review.
2	50.00 for dinner, drinks are an extra charge.  Not that good.  No Shrimp or Fish.  I would still feel a little slighted at 30.00.
4	4 stars to the food3.25 stars to the serviceThis is the second Korean bbq buffet I've been to and this place is quite alright. It's a little bit pricey ($25 per person), but it's worth the money. I love me some Korean bbq! It's a fun atmosphere for dining with larger groups. You get to grill the bbq meat right on your table and chat with your surroundings while you wait for your food to cook. They have a large variety of meats including my favorite beef ribeye and bone-in short ribs. They are marinated well. The spicy bone-in short ribs are dericious too! They have a plethora of banchan (Korean side dishes). You basically serve yourself, but there's servers walking around to clean/change grills. Our server was helpful when it came to grill changes, but she seemed like she was rushing us. I really didn't like how she rushed us to pay, and then when she was returning our checks for us to sign the bill since our group paid with credit cards..she just stood there in front of our table to wait to collect em. That's not really polite if you ask me. Overall, the food is great. Come here hungry to get your money's worth.
5	Verbatim: "People NEED to know about this place!"I recently re-introduced my brother to the food of our people and he was more than enthusiastic over the taste and value of the Sura BBQ Buffet. You're charged a flat rate of $23 for dinner (they're open for lunch too.) And as long as you don't mind the bad service, you'll leave not only stuffed, but satisfied.Korean BBQ is all about one thing--meat. Many times have I wandered into this red-meat cal-fest and I've never questioned the cuts or quality. From the beef to the chicken to the seafood, every dead animal cooked up at the table has been delicious. The sweet soy marinade used for the kalbi and bulgogi are going to be the crowd favorites. But for the odd-balls that don't eat red meat, there's chicken, shrimp, octopus, and squid.  If you don't eat red meat, pork is probably on the list to avoid. But  for those of us in the "I HEART BACON" club, there's chunks of pork belly to be enjoyed. Put them on the grill first. Once all the fat has rendered and has cooked down, a delicious piece of pig fat is yours for the eating.Las Vegans take their buffets seriously. Without variety, the over-eaters won't see value. There are two types of rice (red & white), lots of soups/stews, and a variety of korean and chinese appetizers. Odd ball, they've got California Rolls too. Taking into consideration that a plate of kalbi alone would cost around $25 at any normal Korean resturant, Sura is my #1 stop for Korean BBQ. Its cheap, delicious, and great for groups. Introduce a friend to Sura's Korean BBQ and go eat like a hippo.
5	Why would you not love this place?Honestly, I am not a Korean food expert at all, so this review is based off of the level of happiness this place brought to me.  It doesn't have to be authentic to make me happy - unless it bills itself as authentic.  This place is AYCE Korean BBQ with some Chinese food and some sushi.  It is a large restaurant kinda modern style.  The tables have the grills.  Overall, it was clean, but it wouldn't pass a white glove test...The service was excellent.  Not just for an Asian restaurant but even for a restaurant.  She asked if I had been there before and it was my first time, so she explained everything to me.  They refilled my drink and helped cook the meat.  Great service!!The buffet had about 10 different meats.  The bulgogi was tasty.  The pork was good, maybe a little sweet for me.  They had some octopus that tasted very fresh and very tender, I was pleasantly surprised.  The salad was fresh.  Like I said not a Korean food authenticator - but the banchan tasted great.  (side note- no short ribs for lunch time only dinner)I ate a ton of meat!  I was there for lunch for $15.  I really enjoyed it.  All of the food was fresh and flavorful.  I am quite certain I got my monies worth.  This would be a good date night thing, fun with friends and a fun family night too.  I would say - more for the gourmand instead of the gourmet...
2	This is my rating for the FOOD. I'm giving them a one star for the service. The food is nothing spectacular, chicken was falling apart (too old?), meat was just ok and the seafood was decent. The ban chan was grocery store standard and had enough of it at the buffet. The restaurant tho.... was 100 degrees. No air conditioning (or super weak). Just fans blowing as we were sweating, literally, in front of the grills. The grills are also TINY for tables of 4-6. Maybe to discourage eating? Lastly, the worst part of the night, we asked the host/owners to call us a cab back to the hotel. Instead of a cab, we got a private van (probably from which they got a kick back since the driver mainly spoke Korean) with no meter. At that point we were in a rush to get back and had already been waiting so we went with it. But NOT COOL.
4	In Vegas for Memorial Day weekend and was madly craving some AYCE KBB. I relied on Yelp to guide us to the right spot and as usual, they didn't disappoint.It's not the best KBB place, but it hit the spot. It's hard when you compare it to LA Korean BBQ, right? They had a good selection of meat cuts and the staff was very attentive. Our waiter kept refilling out drinks and we didn't even ask for it! I love waiters that are proactive! I didn't try any of the cooked food because it didn't look that great and that's not what we were there for, but we did have dessert which was super sweet honeydew and jello. The kids were happy!An overall great dining experience, but rated 4 stars because it was lacking that extra oomph.
4	This place is pretty good. The meat is good but I wish there was more variety. The place is a little pricey for dinner. All I ate here was pork belly and brisket. This place serves some sushi and some Chinese food as well. The service here was excellent even during their peak hours. The place is so-so clean. The table and seats were a little sticky. The place is a little smokey so if you come here, do not wear nice clothes or it's going to smell all night, trust me. Downside... there were no rice paper to be found. :(. But if you are in Vegas, stop by here and get your grub on. If I ever find myself in Vegas again, i'll stop by here for sure next time.
3	Huge place with pretty good service. Descent selection of food including salads, Chinese food, sushi, Korean appetizers, and of course BBQ meats all for $23.00. Only downside was having to get your own meats, very small grill for our party of 6, and it was dang hot in there!  Too hot for Vegas and uncomfortable where my kids were asking to leave.
3	Went for lunch and paid for dinner to get the Galbi beef.  I can eat a lot of beef so I had 9 strips of beef and a plate of rib eye beef by myself.  I also had a large portion of the bulgogi and marinated chicken.  Skipped on the rice and that's why I was able to eat so much meat.  Anyhow, good bang for the buck and to me better food than the buffet stuff on the strip.......just much more satisfying.
4	Came here with my boyfriend last night for all you can eat BBQ buffet. All the meats are well marinated, I love the ribeye, beef bulgogi and spicy marinated pork belly!! They also have many side dishes to choose from, like japchae, kimchi, spinach etc. You can also find sushi rolls, tempura & Korean salad and soup. I love eating the meat with the Korean spring onion salad. I felt less guilty for eating all the meat :-) love dipping the meat into the salt & sesame oil sauce!One thing I don't like about the restaurant is that you have to go get you own fork/spoon/chopsticks! Those should be brought it over to you. Have to run back and forth from the buffet line just to get the sauce & cutlery. Service is pretty good. Our server kept refilling our water cup & Asking if we are doing ok. Ventilation is ok, I smell like barbecue after I went home! (it's expected though) I would have worn my old clothes if I know i was gonna eat there. Would come back in the future :D
5	If you need to satisfy your AYCE bbq fix and you're in the 702 this is your spot.. the thing i appreciated most about this place and the reason for its 5th star is that it's "buffet" style so you literally walk up and grab what YOU want.. don't have to wait for waiters/waitresses to bring you small plates of meat .. lets you varietize your plate more... the way this restaurant is organized is a buffet style line at the end of the restaurant with cooked foods.. raw meats to cook at your table.. and their side dishes.. i think this was a great idea so everyone can really just eat what they want and go up as frequently as possible.. plus the rice, soup, and porridge selection they include are always delicious.. so even if some people are not the biggest fans of the meat.. you can definitely get full and enjoy the other food items.. also this place is open late and last year when i was home we stopped by late at night and noticed that at night they turn it into a hotpot/shabu style buffet.. yummy.. can never go wrong with hot pot late at night.. especially in the cold vegas winter nights..
3	Sura BBQ is just okay. I'd rather go to Tofu Hut. The only good thing that I like about Sura that's better than Tofu hut is the fact that you can get up and grab your own meat instead of having to wait. I also like the fact that they have other foods to choose from such as sushi, fried rice, and egg rolls. Overall quality overrules quantity especially if you're going to pay around the same price. Sorry Sura.
4	This is a Korean style BBQ buffet.  They do have a variety of meat, but a lot of the food is preseasoned Korean style.  There are some selection that are not seasoned if you prefer not to have them seasoned. But I really recommend this place if you love asian style seasoning you grilled on your own right in front of you
4	Really, another AYCE in Vegas?  There's already that biggest KBBQ. Yes, but..... the difference is, it's good KBBQ, real good.  Sura has a nice, clean atmosphere with a large dining room with a large amount of tables. Their air vents were much better than others I've been to, I didn't smell like KBBQ for hours after leaving there.  Their wait staff was nice and helpful with just the right amount of attentiveness.  They weren't over our shoulders watching what we got from the buffet line, but always kept our table clean and clear.  Plus they were extremely extremely nice to my kids, that's always a bonus in the tip bucket where every we go.I was pleasantly surprised with their full food buffet with a large variety of side dishes and salads.  Things to try that were delish?  Pork Ear Salad, Beef Tendon Salad, Pickled Zucchini, Stewed Pork Belly and soo much more.  3 types of soups, white rice and mix bean rice.  There was the same ol' same ol' like other KBBQ that you find in Orange County or San Diego, but the quality was well beyond what I had expected.  I went there for lunch so the meat options was not the same as their listed full dinner meat options, but it had all of the typical lunch meat for grilling.  Everything was very tender and perfectly marinated, not too salty or sweet.  So next time you travel down Las Vegas Blvd. and go too far, u-turn back around and hit up their little China Town for Sura BBQ.  It beats the 'biggest KBBQ' by several buffet lines.
4	On our way out from A wonderful weekend in Vegas, my friends and I decided to avoid the crowds on Labor day weekend and hit up this Korean BBQ Buffet. It was my first experience with Korean BBQ, and I must say, I totally loved it! I love that you can cook your own food right at your own table! For a closet-control-freak like me, it was a mini heaven :-P Normally I'd be skeptical about sushi from a buffet place, but this sushi was SO good!!!!! Seriously-try it. The only thing that I would caution would be that the selection isn't the biggest. There are still lots of things to choose from, like the cow tongue I tried (come on, you gotta be a lip adventurous every now and then ;) and brisket. Overall I say go check it out!!
5	It wasn't until after I tried another Korean bbq place that I realized SURA was extra amazing. They have a dressing for their green onion salad that might be the tastiest stuff ever. The meat is good quality and the service is top notch.
4	This place gave me the meat sweats... and I think I was probably smelling like meat for a day or two after I dined here.  Other than that unfortunate consequence, I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here.  Who doesn't love enormous portions of meat cooking over a flame, and the caramelization on meat that comes from delicious marinade?  Then comes the amount of amazing sides, and the fact that you can go back for seconds and thirds?!  Holy hell, too good to be true.
4	I first fell in love with Japanese Yakiniku restaurants when we lived in the Bay Area and at having Korean bbq in Hawaii. BBQ grill meat at your table aka DIY BBQ! What a cool concept!  It took a while before we discovered there were a few restaurants in the Vegas Valley.  In fact I Yelp'd it! And thats what lead me to Sura.Food: BBQ buffet AYCE joint.  We're usually here during when lunch menu items are served.  There's an array of of thin slices of  meats from brisket,  bulgogi beef, chicken, pork belly in its marinate. All well chilled and fresh bright red in color. Sides of different Korean vegtables and noodles,  a section with sushi, different deep fried appetizers, a section with 3 different kinds of soup and steamed white rice.  There's also a station where the condiments, salad fixins, lettuce wraps ,fruit, and jello cubes are. You can grab extra utensils at a cart set up near the buffet.  Ambiance/ Service: Friendly and helpful Hostess greets and takes you to your table. Server will come by and start up the grill and take your drink order.  They're pretty attentive and will clean your grill when needed.  Also if it's your first time, they take time out to show you how to use the grill. (not that I dont know how, but Ive seen some diners that do have that lost look and needed help) The booths can accomodate 6 people by opening up the divider between the 2 tables. It can get smoky in there, but it's well ventilated.  Never had a problem with my hair smelling like bbq .  Make sure you dont waste or take more food than you can finish. There is a huge sign right above the buffet that says they will charge extra for it. We've never had that problem of being charged extra and I have left a few items that I didnt care for left on my plate, but my husband's friend was charged extra.  Overall it's a great place to get your Korean food fix!
4	I would really give this place a five-star, but because they don't offer as much small dishes as I think they should for their price, I can't seem to justify the five-star rating.However, with that said, Sura is awesome.  Their meats are very fresh and marinated just right. The service is great; they really pay attention to your grills to make sure to clean your grill out from time to time.  I really enjoy my times there and definitely come back when I am in the mood for some korean bbq.
4	The cleanest and biggest AYCE KBBQ in town.  Grab plates of raw rib eye, brisket, kalbi, bulgogi, squid or chicken - but get only what you can finish so you don't have to pay extra.  While you wait for your food to cook, you can grab some shrimp/vegetable tempura, noodles and sushi.  I skip that part since I don't want to waste stomach space.Grab a small saucer of salt with sesame oil to dip meat in and chopsticks.  My favorites are rib eye, pork belly and brisket.  You'll probably want to go here towards the end of the day/ when you have no plans to go somewhere afterwards because you'll end up smelling like smoke/ BBQ.Sometimes you'll get a friendly server, other times you'll get the grumpy/impatient one who'll grab the tongs/ scissors from you and make you feel like you don't know what the heck you're doing.  Nevertheless, I do like this spot.
3	I have to say the only reason this place gets 3 stars is because my Korean exchange student liked it. But even she said it was expensive. It's 23.95 for the buffet, drink extra, for all the meat and sides. Which is ok, but I found the flavors lacking and for the price of $23.95 a person I could have gotten everyone a nice steak and grilled it at home. Also, the service sucked and my husband (who's Asian) said "have we ever gotten good service at an Asian restaurant?" I have to say I won't go back.
3	Good food but overpriced. C'mon we are in vegas. There are a lot places which are cheaper!!!!
4	My best friend took me here for a second choice dinner. Dang! it was so overwhelming lots of meat and meat! Everything was really good and good quality. I f i had to complain about something it would be the kimchi was too spicy and i like spicy. But maybe thats the way most people like it. They had a nice selection of fresh sushi too. 56$ for 2
5	Ok, so it's not like I've had Korean BBQ a lot, but this place IS the best I've had.  I went to a place in LA in Koreatown, and it charged us a LOT more, and gave us preset amounts and only so much of the side dishes.  I don't eat a lot of meat, but wanted to try everything.  So I had to really stuff myself to finish all the food, b/c they did charge if you wasted any.  Here you choose what you want, how much you want...and there was sooooo many appetizers and salad.  I loved the salad!  My fave meats were the chicken, bulgogi beef, seafood, and some other of the beef dishes that I wasn't  sure what part of the cow they came from.  What I didn't like was anything intestine.  I'm will try anything once, so I got both types of intestine.  The small sauced up piece was fine, just not good....but the fat piece...Well, greasy stuff oozed into my mouth when i bit into it.  And the flavor was just not there for me.  Back to the good food, their soups.  There was a pumpkin soup, kim chee stew, black bean soup, miso soup....can't remember what else.  All were good, but I enjoyed the kim chee the most.  Definitely a recommend, and I will be returning here when I return to Las Vegas.
1	Possibly the worst Korean BBQ experience I have ever had! TT
2	Meh. A lot of my friends really like this place, but I guess I'm spoiled by LA Korean BBQ. I found the meat to be of relatively low quality and the banchan to be very mediocre. I'm still looking for good KBBQ in Vegas as it's one of my favorite cuisines. This was not it.
3	not a big fan of kbbq but had lots of selection and fairly cheap with good service, always had my drinks filled to the rim
5	Best korean bbq place I have ever been to. Wish there was a place just like this one in my hometown, Chicago.The meat outs flavorful and the options are endless. Thinking about it is making me hungry. They have this rice drink too that is a must try - it's delicious.They have large raway onions that is great to put on the grill along with the meats.Awesome place.  A go to place if you want to introduce someone to Korean barbeque for the first time. A go to place period for Korean barbeque!!!
4	just what I've been looking for since moving to Vegas from CA some 7 yrs ago.  shame on me for not looking harder!
4	This place is amazing. With all the different buffets in Vegas, this one has definitely stood out. We went later on in the night, so it wasn't very crowded. The group had a great time working the BBQ. Lots of different, high quality meats. Perfectly marinated, each piece was soft and delicious. Very worth it for the price!
4	I loooooove this place. It's very clean and simple. When my parents discovered this place when it was first open, I was sketch about it. It didn't have all the stuff I liked. Like kalbi, tongue & ribeye. BUT it was because i was there during the day time. At night they have ALL the good stuff. Mmmh pork belly with the salt pepper & sesame oil. Love the flavors of all the food. They even have sushi, which in not bad! Very good price for all you can eat. The owner is so nice and she loves kids too! One time we came in and she just carried my son the whole time we were there. It was kind of weird but cool at the same time because it was easier for us to eat hahaha. Anyway try this place for Korean BBQ. I always recommend it! So bomb!
5	I'm no expert in Korean food but the service was service where they cook the meat at your table and it tasted great.  Soup and salad was good too.
5	I'm no expert in Korean buffets but the service was great.  You select the meat and they cook it at your table. Most of the meat selections I made tasted quite good.  Soup and salad was good too.
4	ok so youre not korean and you want to eat korean food. this place doesnt have the best tasting bbq, but they have a great selection.i remember a friend telling me once "dude, thats dumb, why would i pay so much to have to cook my own food?"i guess he'll never understand the gratification of cooking the meat to the way you want it.the employees are tentative and constantly clean the grills when they get really dirty. all of their side dishes are really good and sometimes they have this seaweed dish thats sooo good. they used to have "soo jung gwa" its a sweet cinnamon drink. they didnt have it the last few times i went.only thing i dont like is that i think they dont turn on all the exhaust fans, or at least not on full blast. what happens is that the smoke isnt sucked up right away. you go home smelling like korean bbq and feeling a little sticky.i always tend to eat too much and regret it later. regret to the point that i am interrupted from my sleep, hours before i actually wake up because the poo train is coming at full speed and theres no stopping it.
3	Not bad for $25 AYCE Korean BBQ lunch, but the selection was lacking. I'm spoilt by the KBBQ in Koreatown, same price but way more meat items.
5	Outright amazing...I was here for the thanksgiving weekend on wednesday with my cousin. She introduced us to this Amazing, If not impressive Korean buffet. I swear, the refills on drinks were nearly instant. The staff was kind and helpful. In fact, This was the first time I had korean cuisine and left satisfied. We even had kimchi fried rice with bulgogi mixed in. Everything, down to the last strand of Japchae was well worth the expense my entire party incurred. aside from all I said. the dining experience of this buffet was well worth it
5	Awesome service. Very nice people. All you can eat Korean BBQ, but they have other foods as well. Like yellowtail(cooked), fried rice, sushi rolls, a "salad" bar. Awesome selections. The Kalbi ribs are delightful. And very moderately priced. You have the option of picking whatever meats you want and they don't haggle you at all so that's a plus. Very spacious and very clean. Definitely my favorite place for Korean BBQ.
1	I went to Sura tonight.  I usually come here every other week.  For the record, I am the Duke #1 regular here on Yelp.  I've checked in 23 times throughout 2-3  years.  Unfortunately this will be my last.  I bring a lot of friends and family here and recommend it to everyone.  This will also not happen anymore.  So what happened?  I was doing what I do every time I come here which was cooking Kalbi beef on the grill.  There seemed to have been a very irritable waiter who did not like the way I was cookng the meat.  He told me I can't cut the bones out.  I replied with, "do you want me to eat the bones?"  He then leaves the table and says it's ok.  I proceed to cut the meat the way I want.  I basically just cut the bones and chunks of fat out and eat the lean meat.  5  minutes go by and this overzealous waiter comes back and says the Owner said I can't cut the meat like that because the price of beef is going up and they will charge me extra..... I personally think this waiter guy instigated the whole thing and don't think the Owner had a problem with anything.   I politely asked him how he would like me to cut the meat and that I have been cutting it this way for years.  He didn't really show me how he would have liked me to cut it.  At this point, my buddy got annoyed and suggested we just leave.  So we did.  Honestly, who wants some punk waiter hovering over you and telling you how to cook your meat?  It's not even his meat ! I want to add this is the same clown that I dealt with last week that throws the bill on the table in the middle of the meal and says there is a "shift change" and to pay the bill right then and there.  But after further observation, my table was the only one that got hit with this "shift change" tactic.  The other tables around me didn't get this premature bill.  Did he think I was going to run out without paying?  Very bizarre individual.  I ended up going to Via Brasil in Summerlin where the wait staff was superior to Sura.  It was like night and day difference.  That Sura guy with the purple shirt and the glasses needs to apologize AND offer me a comp for me to come back and lift the boycott.  Otherwise, you will be seeing a new Duke here very shortly.
1	I have never written a review but for this place I just have to. DON'T go to this place the worse customer service ever!! Aside from the elderly lady in the front everyone else is rude! The food is not great neither just go somewhere else this place is not worth it...
4	Fresh rib eye, but the bul galbi could be more spicy.
5	I love this place!! It's all so good all you can eat goodness. There is this sweet potatoe dish that is amazing!The meats are good and ban chan is plenty. The soups look kinda sketch but everything else is good! I will come back until I can't walk any more,
3	The mister decided to introduce me to Sura since I'm madly in love with Honey Pig a little ways away.  Upon entrance, I was pretty impressed!While service wasn't anything spectacular, it seemed like a pretty nice place.  We were seated by this friendly waitress and we went up to pile our plates of stuff to grill.  The selection was plentiful but not exactly the best quality.  I think I got the squid at one point, the pan was unmarked, and it turned out to be really fishy.  I was told before that seafood only turns fishy if it's a bit older.  No worries though.  I still ate it with the help of a lettuce wrap.  Raw garlic overpowers any other tastes anyways!Despite that one unsavory item, everything else was still grilled to juicy perfection and the staff kept wandering over our table to play with the fire settings.  Boss.Anyways, it's really not a bad place and I do recommend it.  I must say though, I'll be true to my other Korean BBQ place.
2	This is a sad excuse for Korean food. I've had better fast food Korean. The service wasn't exactly great, either. Definitely not worth your time and money.
4	I love Korean BBQ and this place satisfied my craving.  Loved the wider selection of meats, though i just eat the kalbi and bulgogi.  Meat was season very well with not too many fatty chunks on the meat.  I thought the selection of pan chan was a little small compared to the 15-20 dishes I usually get at other places, they didn't even have the big chunks of radish the day I went, which I thought was a stable.  They had a few other items like fried rice, noodles, etc, which i didn't try.  One thing I didn't like about this place was that I could see the kitchen.  The buffets were lined right next to the open kitchen, which at non-asian places is usually ok, but it was a little unsightly.  $22 for all you can eat, not bad.  There seem to be a lot of korean bbq places in vegas, i would consider coming here again
5	Great meat selection. Definitely must try when in Vegas
5	Absolutely love this place. By far the best AYCE Korean BBQ joint in all of Las Vegas and probably in the front running for best in the western US. Everything is clean, fresh, and well-marinated. Service is quick, friendly, and detail oriented.
5	Love to Cook My Own Entree... Kids Love it !!!!  Great Food !!!  And IT's ALL You Can Eat!!!!!
2	I must preface my review with a warning that my standards for Korean restaurants are probably a lot higher than most people for two reasons: my mom is an amazing cook - and I don't mean, "Of course nothing beats Mom's cooking," but like my mom has operated successful Korean eateries with her own outrageously-delicious recipes - and I'm Korean - kimchee is in my blood.My brother brought me here one eventing because he really enjoys the BBQ. For the most part, the meat was decent - a good selection and it tasted mostly like what your Korean marinated meats should taste. Do I like my raw meat brown before it's cooked? Hmm, not really (and it wasn't all from the marinade). I did enjoy the fresh romaine lettuce leaves to eat the meat as "sang chu saam" which made it more authentic. The item I look forward to most is what Koreans actually consume commonly - soups. And the soups offered here were horrible. I mean, seriously, the worst versions of Korean soups I've had yet. Really disappointing. Also, the dessert section was just confusing. Banana spring rolls (most likely lumpia)? Not Korean, but admittedly delicious.Basically, there will not be another visit if I can help it. There are so many better Korean (and for you meat lovers, AYCE BBQ) restaurants in town and in the same vicinity! Believe me when I say your money is better spent somewhere else and your stomach will also thank you.
3	This place was recommended to us by my moms friend. It's ok, at best. Food is good, atmosphere is just ok, service is 8 out of 10.  Don't go on Sat or Sun or for dinner, $25 fee is way too much. If you must go, go Mon thru Fri for lunch, $15..Much better..
4	If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars (rounded up since the waitress was nice and helpful).We had a rental car during my trip to Vegas, so we decided to try out this all you can eat Korean restaurant in the Chinatown area (the area is less than a 5 minute drive from the north part of the strip). Tip: check out Costco Travel for car rentals: we got a full size rental for 3 days for only 57.00 including taxes.We showed up at 11:30, and the place was pretty empty. There are some cooked and prepared food in the buffet line (sushi, rolls, fruit, veggies, banchan, soups, etc), but the thing that you want to get are the marinated meats that you cook yourself at your table. We filled up on seafood, short ribs, thinly sliced rib eye and bulgogi.I have to admit, I liked this buffet better than the dinner one I had at The Wynn, and this buffet at lunch was onl 15.00 per person. Definitely check this place off the strip if you get the chance.
5	great !! you pick what you like and you cook what you like!!
3	I guess it helps if you know what you are getting into before you go, which my son and I did not.  Being Korean bbq virgins, yet feeling adventurous, we decided to give it a go. The variety of the meats seemed adequate.  We just weren't quite sure exactly what we were doing.  Hindsight being 20/20, we probably should have swallowed our pride and asked for some pointers, but not sure the staff would have offered any.  They advertised being open till 3 a.m., however as we were finishing up a little after 1, they came by and said if we wanted anything else to get it now.  Not sure if the price was in line with other similar restaurants, but seemed a little overpriced to us.I went with 3 stars because I didn't feel it would be fair to rate them lower because of my lack of knowledge.  Would like to give this, or another, Korean bbq a try in the future with someone who knows what they are doing.  It would be interesting to see the difference.
3	I've been here twice and they are decent.  Quality:  DecentPrice: OKService: Good service for Korean owned place LOLPros:  Many meat selections, side dishes, salads, etc, don't need to wait to your tummy filledCons:  You have to move your butt to get all the stuffs including little things(condiments, spoons, napkins, etc) but it's a buffet so it's expectedOverall, I will go back for a quick stop or a long stop depending on how hungry I am.  BTW they have time limit on how long you could dine in.  I bet there are some people that will eat throughout the night!
4	This is def one of my fav korean bbq places to go. I love meat! There really is no need for wait staff except for swaping of the grill plates and re fill on drinks but they do that well. Lots of parking and its easy to find. Not to mention its all you can eat and the price is awesome. If you like korean bbq and dont mind cooking for yourself i recommend this place. Just remember you will go home smelling like bbq after though haha
4	I've been to alot of Korean BBQ places (back home in Chicago). This one was great for the price!I loved the buffet format, rather than have the server bring you meat each time. Even though you have to do the leg work, I didn't feel like I had to bug anyone or wait for someone to come by to ask what kind of meat we wanted next over and over. The service was really friendly!  I can speak only of my personal experiences, but in general, my experience with Korean restaurant service is poor. This restaurant on the other hand was really really good! Very friendly, came back to check on us regularly to fill water, even went out of their way to seat us in a "more quiet"  section since we had a baby with us that was sleeping. The meat was good! Not the greatest I've ever had, but still really really good. The meats were constantly being picked up by customers, so nothing was sitting for too long. Everything tasted as they should, even tried the beef tongue! Tasted good!If you are craving korean BBQ and are around the area, I would absolutely recommend this place!
1	**Summary**       - After not wanting to wait an hour at Tofu Hut (I probably should of), I went to Sura after almost a year of not going there.       - Meats - The main things I eat are Kabli, Bulgogi, Brisket, and Tongue.       - Kabli - The meat was pretty brown before cooking. The flavor was so-so, but the freshness was really low.       - Bulgogi - Nothing special compared to other places.       - Brisket - The brisket was not marbled well and came out tough after you cooked it. Either we got bad cuts, or the quality of the meat is just super low.       - Tongue - They said they only serve tongue on the weekends.       - Selection - Compared to other places, the selection has gone way down. You get a couple hot items you wouldn't get at other places (Sushi, cooked fish, variety of soups, etc), but it's not worth it.**Price**       - $22.95 AYCE Weekdays       - $24.95 AYCE Weekends**Recommendations**       - I would not recommend this place at all. Other places are cheaper and better. Personally, I like Tofu Hut and it's only $18 for way better meat. However, the wait can get long if you go at peak times. After the abysmal experience I had at Sura, that wait is looking like the better choice.
3	If you're looking for a nice spot to grill some meat.. this is it! They have the standards, bulgogi, kalbi, chicken, steak, prawns. I usually stick with the Kalbi and Bulgogi. For me the Bulgogi was spot on and tasty! Actually all the meats were fairly tasty it the other items that they have cooked that are kinda sketchy. They had orange chicken and whole fish, it just wasn't fresh which is kind of a bummer. They have several soups which is a nice treat as well. What I dont really like about Sura is the ventilation! Man dont plan on going any where else except home post dinner you smell like meat and burnt grill (not appetizing) The hostesses you usually have to track down once your seated which is a little..eh.. but its not a bad place. As long as you know you're on your own and to stick to fresh meats only. you'll have a good time! i'll be back, but its not a place I usually think of when I want to cook my own food. Personally I'd rather go to Swish..
3	Great for a huge appetite when craving Korean. Good banchan, and plenty of choices of meat. Service was okay. Overall good experience, just don't wear your good clothes or expect to go out after eating.. you leave smelling like kalbi!
3	TOURIST TRAP???  Let's see...I'm not so sure if what I ate was the same thing my Yelp friends ate at Sura because our experience, myself and others, was not even remotely similar to theirs a few hours ago. I was going to give this place 2-stars but decided to be the better and be rational, forgiving, and understanding.  Maybe they had an off day; maybe the prep cooks were new and didn't marinate the meats correctly--who knows...I'll be generous this one time.Let me break it down for you guys...-- Service - 3 stars-- Food selection/taste - 2 stars-- Ambiance - 2 stars-- The feeling I'm at a tourist trap in a major city -- PRICELESSI've never, except in we'll renowned restaurants or birthday outings, experienced so much flash photography in my life. No, they weren't Yelpers, bloggers, or Instagram people...they were flat out tourist taking a picture of their group for the memories.  Memories of a Korean restaurant, with no ones birthday in sight.  You had me at WOW! Maybe I'm spoiled by my exes (mature Korean women) feeding me well for over a decade, or that I've been to South Korea twice and ate authentic Korean dishes, or that I've just eaten at a whole hellaofa lot of Korean restaurants that makes me sound boastful, arrogant, and full of myself. Well, unless your Korean (un-Americanized) or had the pleasures and frustrations of living with Korean women that are trained cooks, then your opinion means nothing to me.  To quote Jim Cramer from CNBC's Mad Money, "they know nothing...". BTW, if you meet a woman who can make exceptional kimchi from scratch...marry her!  Thank me later.  There hard to come by.Well, about the food:-- Beef Brisket - most of it was not tender and hard to chew.  The best Korean Buffets are all about brisket....plate loads and plate loads...no one was going for it at Sura.-- Spicy Pork - very sweet marinate...yuck...my favorite Korean dish gone in flames or lack there of. (Key word: spicy)-- Pork Belly - not great quality, cut too thick for its cubed size.-- Intestine - I usually like this stuff but they didn't clean the insides which gave it a funny smell and taste.-- Pork Loin - similar to what you'd buy at Korean Markets as "Pork Belly or Pork Black Belly"...something like that.  Well, they marinate it in wine.  I didn't like it. I'm in the opinion they did that so not too much would be taken as it is expensive.-- Beef (Bulgogi) - didn't try cause it didn't look right to me......that's all we could mustard.  Went here cause Woo Che, a similar restaurant a few blocks down, is most likely out-of-business (disconnected phone line). Too bad...their meats and sauces were better and they were far cheaper than Sura.Sura: lunch $15.99, dinner $24.99, children 3-8 $7.99Woo Che lunch was $12.99..I think and they didn't charge for kids under 5 years old.*Oh yeah...had to chase down service, literally, to get a refill of soda/water. A big no-no for me. Efficient Korean restaurants will just give you a pitcher of your beverage.
5	Great food and great service. I came here last week for with my family and the service was just outstanding. The waitresses were very nice and attentive. They always stopped at our table to make sure our drinks were topped off, our plates were cleared, and our grill was cleaned.
2	Impression: I LOVE Korean foods and I've eaten in various Korean restaurants here in Las Vegas and their food quality were usually good. HOWEVER, after trying this place, truthfully, I wasn't really impressed. In fact, after all the good, positive feedback given to me by my friends, I was really disappointed for my first time here.The food was decent: I liked the Kal bi, it was sweet and delicious because it was marinated just right.. Though, the side dishes were subpar compared to other korean joints I've tried and the desserts are- what desserts? We were sorely disappointed that there weren't any ice cream here. Though, I forgave them because their fried, sweet potatoes with sesame seeds were absolutely delicious! But that's really all the dessert they had here. Not even a selection of cakes or cookies. If you're a fruit person, there were some peaches and oranges but that's about it. I was also a little bit put off when they served their hot tea on a tall  PLASTIC cup. Really? That was the first time I've ever encountered that in a restaurant. The atmosphere? I hated it.. I felt stifled with the dim, crowded, music-less atmosphere, and it wasn't the friendly, fun kinda atmosphere that you would expect. I would expect this on a weekend but on a Tuesday evening? The servers were the deal breaker for me: There were plenty of them but not one of them smiled or even looked at us. Each one of them looked like they were in a hurry or too engrossed with their jobs to be bothered. They could've asked us if we were doing okay at one point, even when our meats were burning. Maybe communicating is hard for them but the least they can do is try. I'm not paying $24.95 just for the food. I'm also expecting good service if I'm paying this much. After eating, it seemed like the server wanted us to leave as fast as possible. Which we were very unhappy about. For the price we paid for this place, I don't think it was worth every penny. I could've picked a random Korean restaurant and the food, atmosphere and service would've been much better compared to this place. This place actually deserves 1 star, but because they had several meat and seafood variety, I added one more star. Maybe in the future, my experience here will be better in which case I'll write another review and rate it better but I really don't think I'll be eating here anytime soon. Trust me, you'll get your money's worth eating at a different Korean restaurant.
4	From reading the other reviews it seems like a hit or miss sometimes. I've been here twice and liked it.  Service was decent on refilling drinks and even replacing the grill for a new one. It is a bit pricier than the other AYCE korean BBQs, around $25 for dinner. It is a bit cheaper for lunch, but there is no tri-tip steak then, which is one of the meats I love to BBQ.I will say I didn't diverge far from mostly eating meat and making lettuce wraps with it. Usually for korean bbq, you dip the cooked meat in sesame oil that has some salt in it. Put it into a green leaf lettuce with a little rice and bean or chili paste and wrap it and consume. FYI. it's fun to try to eat each wrap in one bite!I did have a few side vegetables. I will agree with my sister that the soups did look questionable, don't know if they just sat out too long or just were flat out bad but it's not something I was going to sample anyways. I did not even go for their sushi. I'm there to eat alot of meat, if I was craving sushi I'd go to a sushi restaurant lol. I mostly raided their tri-tip, spicy pork & brisket. peppered with a little tongue in between. Dip the meats cept the pork, in sesame oil seasoned with salt, make it a lettuce wrap with a bit of rice and bean paste and I am set.Maybe I've been fortunate on my visits by eating only certain things or catching the servers on their good nights but so far it's been good.
3	Very big and clean AYCE bbq. The price is not too bad. The variety is there and its cool that you can grab the meat yourself because you can cook faster and eat more. The quality of the meat is not bad. The marinated meats is different than what I am used too. the marinated gogi tasted like there was alot of ginseng added which leaves a sharp punch to the taste. The spicy pork belly wasnt anything amazing. Not all korean food is the same so it might be good to someone else. I am born and raised in LA so my tastebuds like the traditional LA style marinated and so on. Other than that, there were tons of banchan "sides" and soups. The chinese fried rice and stuff on the side was whatever but I didnt go to a bbq buffet to eat those anyways. I would say to come here for the all the traditional plain meats and you cant go wrong.
2	I talked my gf out of our $5 lil arepas spot for this place after seeing it on yelp, and what a letdown. Worst food experience of our 5 days here. I dont get it I love korean food and bbq..Just everything was alright if not regrettable I was so let down by the taste of meats I love pork belly just not here Love bulkgogi not here..the seeweed with mayo got them to 2 stars..and the shrimp I cooked and seasoned 10 of them and left 9 and a half on my plate ...I was pissed for hours after we left, especially after not asking or looking at prices and had a $57 bill...No wonder our kind of nice waitress asked us leaving already? thats all? yes im leaving and thats all...dont do it there has to be better around town..major letdown felt like a slot machine that wont hit feeling..robbed dissapointed and mad...
4	Good bulgogi and short ribs. Marinade is pretty good and they have lots of sides such as glass noodles, rice, tempura, veggies and soup. But they need more sides like sliced radish
3	When i'm in Vegas for work, i often go to Sura BBQ. It's a very big place and their food is decent. Will be back in few months.
3	My sister and I went out in China town on a Friday night craving sushi. Not wanting to wait 90 minutes for a spot, I asked her if she had ever had Korean BBQ, she said "Yes!" and this is where we ended up.The reason I ask is because I am not one to opt for foreign cuisine when I don't know what to expect and I want someone to tell me what to do. Once I've been gone, I can fly solo and introduce friends to something new and exciting.We walked in and there were little booths set up in rows, all with big, circular grills as centerpieces to the tables. It was BBQ-ing indoors. There were several types of beef (tongue, rib, etc.), there were fresh shrimp, and a few pork options. It really is carnivore paradise.There were few veggie options in the form of a salad bar, there was some other prepared Asian food, sweet and sour pork, sushi, tempura veggies, and various other salads (along the lines of macaroni, but Asian, not sure what they are called).My drink glass was never empty and they made sure to clean out our grill when it got too messy.This was definitely different and I love it! A must try!
4	I just hate the fact, the smell of the bbq does not leave my hair and clothes. So this is a end game destination, except to smell after you leave the place. But asides that, they have good choices here. I basically run the menu with a little mix and match on the side.  I highly suggest this to everyone visiting las vegas!!
4	Amazing food for a great price. Lingua, shrimp, ribs you want it they've basically got it.
4	I've been to Sura several times before, but have never written a review, here it goes...Location: Sura has a huge open parking area, most restaurants on Spring Mountain have horrible parking spaces!Ambiance: The dinning area is spacious,  well kept, and clean. Food: I love the bulgogi and the short ribs are delicious. I enjoy the fact that it's all you can eat, in addition to it's affordable price.The only upside to Sura, is the fact that the waiters don't change the grill until they're asked to do so.
5	Yelpers all know by now that I'm a 4th generation Japanese-American. But, what many of you don't know is that my Mom is actually Korean.  A significant reason I choose to identify as  Japanese over Korean was because since my childhood the Korean community has always rejected me. I just turned out way too Japanese looking, and my Korean features are philosophically just an non-observable genotype.  No matter how hard I tried to reach out to the Korean community, I was always pushed away.  I've probably only gotten along with 5-6 Korean people in my lifetime, and most of them were Zainichi Koreans or Koreans from South America. Because the Korean community pushed me away my whole life, I grew up not knowing anything about Korean cuisine. So I don't know if SURA is considered "good Korean food" by Korean people, but what matters is that I enjoyed every second of it. Of course my favorite Korean BBQ joint is and always will be Mr. Jake Lee's Honey Pig, but SURA has some advantages. The main advantage(and maybe the only advantage) is that SURA is a buffet style restaurant and you don't have to wait for a server to bring you more meat. Personally, I like Honey Pig better because they accommodate Japanese people and will give you Yakiniku style meat if you ask the right person.  Also at Honey Pig they cook the meat for you, so you can just sit back and relax. The first time I came to SURA, I badly burned everything causing a lot of black smoke to fill up the area. The server ran over.... and she looked really really pissed. I really liked the Kalbi here. I also really liked the pork bulgogi. You can tell it's been marinated over night because of the intense flavor. Even the California rolls were pretty good, and I don't even like California rolls. I'm actually surprised this place has such a high yelp rating because I've noticed that most Korean yelpers tend to give out a lot of 1-star ratings to Korean owned businesses.  They always complain about how the food is not as good as it is in Korea or "Ellie"(note- "Ellie" is how a lot of FOB Koreans pronounce L.A.).  I'm giving this place 5-stars because unlike full-Koreans, I actually support Korean business. btw... why is it that every Korean person has an Iphone 5? Shouldn't you guys support Korea and buy the Samsung Galaxy? How unpatriotic!my reviews are weird
4	What? I never wrote a review on this place.  I come here All. The. Time!I will give you two perspectives:  my husband and I love this place...in fact we crave it.  We like the ability to cook our meat, particularly brisket, the way we want and all that we want.  I also love all their banchan offerings.  Kimchi...cucumber, courgette, and cabbage.   Seaweed salad- Love!  I could live on that and just grilling my own meat..dipping it in sesame oil, salt, and chili sauce w/vinegar.  I AM in HEAVEN! I have no evaluation about the other stuff, except the radish beef soup is good and comforting, but overall subtle. My guests, didn't get the appeal of  Sura.  They don't cook for themselves or really eat much red meat, so why go to a restaurant where you have to cook and then pay them when it doesn't quite turn out to their liking?Frankly, I can't really answer their question, but then again they don't have my HUGE craving for thinly sliced beef seared to my liking and eating it with all the kimchi I want, so it is not worth it for them. I love to cook, but also  I love  to go out to eat for things I cannot get easily or make.  Even at Greenland, I cannot get meat THAT thinly sliced meat and I cannot get my stove that hot!Sura is Korean BBQ I cannot get  anywhere else.  Given the variety, the price is hard to beat. Besides, they always have our favorite meats- brisket and pork belly. I always leave extremely full and happy and sleeeepy (and smelly).  Makes for a perfect Sunday brunch!
4	I love meat and BBQ as much as the next guy but WOW.  Sura BBQ is meaty overload!  Meat, meat, MEAT...everywhere.  Let the CARNI-val ensue!  Wheeee!I know there are other Korean BBQ AYCE joints that are better in other states, but I think for us in Las Vegas Sura BBQ is pretty much the one on top for now.  Especially if you want a late night option after an evening of drunken debauchery!  This meat attack (and possibly a round or two of soju) will help sober you up for sure.From multiple Yelp reviews Sura BBQ can be a hit or miss.  It's tough to keep consistency in any buffet on a daily basis.  Costs of meats can rise, marinades can differ from person to person, even different times of day can affect your overall experience.  Thankfully the night we went, Sura BBQ was at fine form of their game.Don't go to Sura BBQ expecting to find all Grade A Prime cuts of meat.  Ruth Chris Steakhouse this is not.  No, no, no.  What they lack in quality they sure make up in QUANTITY though.  They have all types of meat coming out of the wazoo!  Upon being seated, your host will turn on the hibachi burner in the middle of your table.  That is your sign that it's time for some meat action!  Take whatever you want, but remember...it's yours to cook!  Yep, you got to work to earn your keep.  But hey, it's all in good fun!  Get meat, cook, talk, drink, eat...then start all over again!  It really is a great time especially if you're with a group of friends.As far as what types of Korean meats are available there are a number of choices:-Beef Bulgogi-Beef Kalbi Ribs-Pork Bulgogi-Chicken Kalbi-Beef Brisket-Pork Belly (one of my faves)-Shrimp-SquidGet to grillin'!  Besides the meats, you have a number of choices for banchan (sides) as well:-Cabbage Kim Chee (duh)-Radish Kim Chee-Cucumber Kim Chee-Soybean sprouts-Jap ChaeIt goes on and on.  There is also a salad bar, a soup station, and a hot foods line as well.  Lots to eat!  On a daily basis there will be 3-4 different soups, popular ones seem to be the pumpkin soup and the Kim Chee soup.  Be careful, the Kim Chee soup can be spicy!  But perfect for what ails you.  The hot foods line tends to change often as well.  You could find:-Grilled fish-Fried rice-Fried noodles-Sushi (eh...not the greatest)-Mussels or ClamsThere is a little dessert section but honestly, I didn't really pay attention.  I was focused on Korean meat and lots of banchan!  I totally got my money's worth cooking the night away.  Besides the extended salt content, I left with a full tummy.  Wasn't the absolute best Korean BBQ I've had but it was still pretty good.  The price for Sura BBQ isn't bad, $20 for lunch, and around $27 for dinner per person.  The place is often times packed so be prepared to wait a bit on a weekend.  The service isn't bad but it's no Michelin star either, ladies will be quick and not always around, but they will cut your grilled meat for you if they see you are having a hard time!  The only real complaint I might have about this place is that no matter how good the ventilation is at Sura BBQ...you will leave the place smelling like smoke.  Like you BBQ'd!  Yes, your face will be greasy from the grilling and your clothes will smell like you went to a shindig involving FIRE.  If you're not into that, bring some extra clothes!Sura!  Go Meat!
4	Great korean bbq! Pretty good quality meat....i was impressed, they even had beef and pork intestines......yum......overall a great meal and descent service. Not the best ive ever had but a great meal in vegas! Id definitely go again
5	I didn't even need ketchup!I'm not the biggest fan of red meat but I must say this place was pretty good. I usually need ketchup with red meat but not here, although I did wrap a lot of it in lettuce with garlic we grilled. (I'm kind of a health nut)Sushi is usually my thing and the few rolls they had there were delicious. The sticky rice was perfect. They don't have hot sake but they did have cold sake. It wasn't too bad, just really strong!I would definitely go back.
4	Most AYCE KBBQ places have servers coming back and forth with thinly sliced meats and banchan. But hey, why wait when you can just serve yourself?Sura BBQ is a buffet of brisket, bulgogi, and pork belly goodness with your favorite banchan. You clearly won't be getting wagyu beef here, but when that meat hits that hot grill, all is forgotten with that delectable aroma of juicy, tender slices of sizzilng meat. Other proteins include chicken, galbi (short-ribs), and the roasted or baked fish that's typically found as a side dish in Korean restaurants.The banchan are no longer limited to those miniscule circular dishes! If you need carbs, there are huge pots of rice (either white or brown) and salad. Their soups, such as the kimchi stew and a beef radish soup, rotate on a daily basis. They offer some Chinese dishes, some sushi, and tempura as well. Not much for dessert here besides some fruit and cut-up jello, but it's a refreshing end to that meat massacre. If you're daring, ladle some of the persimmon cinnamon drink known as soojeonggwa then water it down a bit. That stuff packs a punch!Talk about Korean BBQ done Vegas-style.
4	I am in heaven when I come to AYCE Korean BBQ!  I would not say their meat is the best quality, however they are pretty good for AYCE.  I liked their bulgogi the most.  While I loved their deep fried sweet potato for dessert, they could enhance their dessert selections.  The service was good and the place looked clean.  It is on the higher end on price...$25 per person on weekends.  If you are looking for a cheaper end, I suggest going to Tofu Hut.
5	I frequent this place and thought I should finally put in a review.Food: food is good. Cooked foods aren't great and sit out for a long time but i stray away from them and mainly focus on the meats and banchan. The banchan is as good as any other Korean restaurant and the meats are always great. Marinated to perfection and cooked to your liking.Service: Great! even the owner's daughter works there and is by far the best server of the bunch. You might feel neglected at times but they're there when you need themAtmosphere: Don't go in your Sundays best because the smoke and smell will stick with you for the rest of the day. Gets smoky but they've got it pretty much under control now.Overall good place to eat. good food. good service. stay away from the cooked foods and go there for what it's intention and that is kbbq.
4	I do not give four stars often and this place is mainly getting one in respect to the other asian buffets in vegas that I have been reviewing these past weeks,  It was a nice break from the typical chinese buffett and my beloved shabu-shabu. I went there yesterday and the truth is that I would like to return today, but alas I am trying to hit as many up as I can during my stay.  Maybe I will go back on Friday when my girlfriend gets here.The selection of korean accoutrements was lovely. And U tried everything, but be warned there is lots of spice and acid.  Definetely not for those with gastrointestinal issues.There were also cooked items, at arrived right after they opened so they were all fresh, I really did not sample any except for the pig ear,  It was delicious and reminded me of my grandfathers head cheese.Porridge!  Yes Porridge,  This almost escaped me until I saw it out of the corner of my eye.  Red bean and Pumpkin, the read bean was savory and the pumpkin was slightly sweet making it perfect for the end of the meal.MEAT!!  There is a selection of meat.  The cuts were not the best but acceptable when sliced then enough.  The best one was the bulgogi of course, but that is what one would expect in a korean bar b que.Damn I want to go back right now!!!
5	Awesome late night place if you're craving korean bbq at 11 pm!
5	This was my first and definitely not my last all you can eat Korean BBQ experience. Everything is served buffet style, and your table has a grill on it where you cook your own meat to your liking. I absolutely loved all the meats that I tried, but my personal favorite was the galbi (short-ribs), bulgogi and the spicy pork belly. So freaking good, OMG! The side dishes were pretty decent, but I used most of my stomach space on the real substantial stuff. I truly can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas... wish we had a place like Sura BBQ in Utah.
4	If you feel like eating Korean food, this is one of my favorite places to go to.  The selection of food is quite impressive.  Moreover, the experience of selecting and then cooking my food right on my table is a cool experience that I highly suggest.  It might get hot inside at times but in the end, you'll be glad you went for the experience.  Not to mention, you'll agree that the food is yummy for your tummy!
5	My ultime favorite ACYE Korean BBQ in Las Vegas!  The restaurant is not only the biggest ACYE korean bbq but so clean!  I  love that you can just walk up and choose your own type of kbbq meat, but they have also a variety of seafood that is all ready to be eaten! Yum! I love their shrimp tempura & the kalbi! Service and pace of payment is pretty quick & easy.  You can either walk up to the register or wait for the waiter/waitress to get the check for you.  I usually come during lunch time since I get full quite easily and know that I will be getting my money's worth.  Overall, its a great taste of korean bbq. Note: Make sure you only get what you can because they will charge you if you don't finish your food.
4	My mouth waters thinking of this ayce kbbq.  Love this awesome bbq joint!  The place is clean, the food is fresh, marination is right, great variety, and the service is awesome!!!!   I love the soup and the jukk options they have.  I can't get enough of the pumpkin jukk.  Next time i will go there for 75% meat and 25% jukk...lol..
3	they definitely arent as good as they used to be providing things like rib eye steak and certain kbbq side dishes.. back about a couple years ago i would give them a 4 star rating..still an option though
5	quality over quantity :) hands down the best food!
5	Good prices!!All you can eat, about 15-16 bucks per person on a weekday afternoon. But dinner prices and weekend prices shoot up to about 25 bucks per person.Is it worth it? To me, it is.Lots of meat choices, lots of sides. You have the opportunity to try little bits of different things that you might not order by the heapfuls at a non-buffet. I normally just get Kalbi ribs or pork, but i tried a piece of Beef Intestine and I LOVED it.I wasn't too in love with their potato salad or soups, but ya know what, it's all you can eat, much cheaper than my normal "DJK" down the street, so I'm still in love with this Sura.I will definitely come back a million times!
3	$20 for AYC Koren BBQ Buffet???? Not bad!The marinated meats were decent and the various options of sides were average. Nothing stood out to me hence the short review, but I do remember leaving feeling extremely full because they do have a charge if you take too much and don't eat it, which I totally agree with!The service was good, the place is clean and simple and spacious. Overall, it was A-OK.
4	Fun for a group.
4	Worth the price! If you're a carnivore, then look no further. This buffet is cook your own meats & pick as much sides as you want. It was an awesome dining experience but you must come hungry! Oh & wear clothes you don't mind smelling like smoke or anything like that & not have any plans to go somewhere else after. I learned my lesson the hard way. Lol.
2	Disappointed! The place is not clean and the food there are not fresh. Could be because I went there late, around 11pm. Anyway, just think it's not worth a four star rating.
4	What else is there to say about Sura? Although I prefer the cuts of meat from Honey Pig, their service and attitude is very unappealing; enter Sura. At first I did not like their choices of meat, but the more we ate here the more it grew on me. I only gave them 4 stars because I think they should add the rib eye cubes to their selection. The variety they have as far as nonbbq food items is also excellent. I like how they have fish, buffet essentials such as orange chicken. Also I thought the selection of different soups is pretty awesome. The service is so much better than that of Honey Pigs, they need more servers but the service is not too bad. You might just have a little stack of plates piling up.Pricing I think is pretty fair. A little expensive for dinner, but it's not too bad taking to account how much you can eat. Tofu hut is also a good alternative for price and I think serves a slightly better quality meat cuts. Service though suffers. Overall sura is a pretty good place to come and try Korean BBQ. Seating is spacious, lots of choices, service is adequate.
4	In town for my birthday and looking for a Vegas meal that didn't include all the annoyance of the strip... made my way to some KBQ.Very good experience.  Endless (or seemingly so) Bulgogi, and lots of other options.  Some decent sushi too!  Sura was everything I was looking for!  Good service, clearing away dishes efficiently and brought some forks for the less than chop-sticks friendly members of the party.  A little on the high-end in terms of pricing, but maybe I'm just spoiled with more local inexpensive KBQ options.
4	We were in town and we LOOOOOOOOVE K-BBQ, so we had to come here. It was a pretty decent experience, they had a buffet style where we went and got what we wanted and then came back to the table and grilled it. We have been to other kbbq places so we knew how to grill stuff, but  I could see it as something to get used to if you are not used having KBBQ. I thought it was a little bit pricey compared to other KBBQ places I have been, so it loses a star for that, but otherwise it was a very good experience.
4	Many of the meats are miss marked. Little bit sorry for those that don't know the cuts.
3	Sura has a large selection of meats and other Korean dishes but since it's a buffet, none of the food was really memorable. It's quantity over quality here. Definitely think about coming here if you have a large group (we had about 20 people) but don't come expecting the best quality Korean BBQ. There are plenty of other options in the area.
2	It has been a while since the last time we went to Sura for AYCE Korean BBQ. In my memory, there were A LOT more choices, and the price was 19.99, great value, friendly staff. But when we went recently with an out of town friend, I was actually embarrassed by the place! Food was not fresh, less selection (they don't even have shrimp anymore!), staff are not sharp (the 3 of us had to shout "Hello?!?" several times to stop a staff from walking away from our table) AND they increased the price for dinner to $24.99! What a ridiculous business choice! I know that the economy is bad and everything is going up except people's income, but that doesn't give u the excuse to treat your customers with crappy food and service with an increased price! Especially in this town, it's like THE town for buffets, where $29.99 can get u in for a buffet at the BELLAGIO!!Not. Going. Back. Again.ps. Only reason I gave it a 2 star cuz the beef ribs are good, but just average good, could get better elsewhere.
4	This place probably has the best deal for Korean BBQ in town, as other regular joints tend to rip you off for less amount of food for near the same quality.  They got a huge dining area, and some of the soft seats have an open wall in the middle for large groups.  Every table has a vent up top, and if things get smoky, they can always come turn up the speed.They have a variety of soup, some of them not found commonly in other places such as Korean pumpkin soup and black sesame soup, both of which reminds me of baby food, but quite tasty.  Next to that were some cooked food, they looked just like bad Chinese food. Then there are the meats, they got large variety with variants of Kalbi, Bulgogi, pork, chicken, and squirt.    There was also an island with veggie salad and BBQ sauces.  Whether you overcook or undercook the meat depends solely on yourself... and got no one else to blame, the staff can assist you on that if you started panicking.Sura BBQ Buffet probably has the best to offer in Vegas for a fulfilling Korean BBQ experience, especially if you are a meat lover.  For what the average people can eat, it would probably cost double to triple the amount anywhere else in town.   Service was actually decent here.
4	Ah junk this place. Hahaha. No I'm only kidding. Just didn't want you to go and make me wait 1 hr again.  Honestly I'm not usually a fan of these style of dining because I don't think I should be paying $20 something per person to go to a restaurant and cook my own meals especially if I'm hungry, for $20+I'd go have AYCE sushi or a nice buffet with a curving station but than again they're only about $25 which is a little cheaper that the other few I've been to in here.There are lots of parking and seating (maybe a couple 100s) but on extremely busy days there maybe a wait.  All those meat, when cooked makes a might fine meal or 2. Ingredients seemed fresh and higher quality than a few others I've been to.  The grills were easy to use and clean.  The seasons on the table may need tending to. The venting and a/c was good. Service was OK. Priced cheaper for what you get. Theres both cooked and uncooked food, salads, veggies, alcohol and non-alcohol drink. One of the better AYCE Korean BBQ businesses in town.
1	the guy who works over night, when we went to go pay our check, the card machine was down, and he made it inconvenient for us by telling us to go drive to our bank's ATM and pull out money and didn't even give us a discount for their own problem!
5	Wonderful value! Had the lunch buffet, great selections, good food n wonderful service!
3	One star dropped. Should be two.  One for not having rib eye out during dinner hours yet they still charge you more.  And..... 2. Poor service.. The servers who work the dinner hour shifts are flaky.  The last straw for me was the last time we had dinner, they came by the table to clear the plate.  It had blood from the uncooked meat leftovers.  Well the server spilled 1/2 of it  on the table.. server saw it.. then pretended not to and hurried away.. So we had puddle of meat juice on our table.. eww.. Luckily I had some napkins to sop up the mess and this germaphobe had clean wipes handy in my purse.. Otherwise we'd be waiting another 5 minutes for someone to show up again in our area. But since the afternoon crew makes up for the lackadaisical evening shift crew I'll call it at three stars for now Looks like time for me to check out the other KBbqs that have grill at your own table.
5	Awesome food, Awesome service and Awesome ambience. 5th time eating here. I really love it. Price is affordable for me. Really love it! Theres not much waiting time everytime we went there.
2	A jump in prices and drop off in food quality has made me retract my previous review for Sura.I'm sad to report but it seems like the good people at Sura have gotten a little greedy. I was totally fine for paying $20 for dinner just last year but prices have gone up. Dinner is now over $30 and thats not including drinks. Unfortunately, the price hike does not correspond to better food either.Theres been a noticeable drop off in meat quality, well at least to me. The cuts of rib-eye and bulgogi are noticeably more fatty. I was a big fan of the marinated chicken until I saw the chef simply add meager portions of dark meat into the existing tray. Most of the other food is hit and miss. The orange chicken is pretty soggy and the quality of sushi ingredients could be better.  I was grossed out to notice that half of the lettuce for the salad was brown but still put out for customers.Check out Tofu Hut, you'll save $10 bucks and have a better experience.
1	I felt like I was eating uncooked variations of cat. No selection. One of the choices was "ear." Maybe it was just a culture shock but I was NOT a fan. Ick!
5	NOT A KOREAN JUNK FOOD BUFFETIt's our first time and  the other couple had dined here ten times or more. One of them is also a Yelper (dormant).  I made mention that the reviews were either stellar or abysmal. They are the fussiest when it comes to comfort, service, food quality and value. I am also cognizant that at $25 per person they will be even more critical. Let's just say they want their money's worth and at this price level it's their threshold for dollars spent on a meal.We started at 5:30 pm and dined here for two and half hours.  Plenty of table service which included changing out the griddle five times and constantly removing dishes from our table.  Sometimes they were too vigilant trying to keeping our table clean and uncluttered. Yu-go had fun people watching too. Most interesting attires were being modeled by patrons. Glad the smoke from the griddle didn't obscure his vision.  LoLYu-go did most of the cooking which was our big advantage.  He doesn't mind all the work and in fact enjoys it. Besides he gets to jazz up the meats the way he wants it. Fortunately everyone at the table is adept to spicy and garlicky.There's nothing like a Korean bbq buffet to socialize and dine. Just remember that if you stay long enough, you'll eventually smell like a walking Korean bbq buffet. Pets at home will cling to you with affection as they think they are about to be feed Korean style.  LoL.
2	AYCE Korean buffet. Was craving to try Korean buffet, finally I went. Been hearing good reviews about this place. I wasn't at all impressed with the buffet, made me regret going there. They even charge for the drink. Not going back there.
3	Food good, but does not justify the costs...too expensive. Almost $55 for 2 people. Might as well go to M casino for variety. Korean BBQ restaurants are really overpriced.
1	The only good item in the limited menu is the short ribs. Everything else is bad to worse. Too pricy for the quality and choices, felt like a rip off.
4	Great, loved it! Has a good selection of Korean food. Sushi is average though. Great service.
4	Pretty good stuff here, I am tempted to give it 3 stars but the employees are awesome. It looks a bit drab in here, presentation could be improved.Don't worry tourists, everyone that I dealt with speaks great English. Be warned, you cook your own food here. There is a large grill on your table. The employees do stop by and help you if they feel you need it. The wine marinated pork was by far my favorite. The precooked fish was delicious. This place is definitely not a sit down and pig out place. If you want to spend a bit more hit the Wynn buffet, it's the best. If you want to relax, cook your own food, try some stuff that may be outside your comfort zone, then try this out. I would definitely go back here.
4	This is my very first Korean BBQ buffet. I've been here about 8-10 times since 2008 so that's five years already. My first experience here was just ok because I didn't know how to prepare K-BBQ, but since it's obvious that it was my first time, the employees were helping me out with the food prep and cooking. The food was delicious especially the brisket, however the sushi/kimbap isn't my favorite. I occasionally go here with my friends/family.
1	At roughly $24 a person, you would probably expect a satisfying meal. However, this place does not give you that satisfaction. We were three very hungry guys on a cross country road trip from LA to NYC when we stopped by Las Vegas for some chow. You know that feeling that when you're so hungry, even bad food tastes good? Yeah. It doesn't work here. The food here must be a special kind of bad to still taste like crap to three very hungry guys. The selection was very paltry. The meats did not seem fresh, which, in fact, they weren't. Shit, even the fruits were tasteless. There were several women in the joint, so we could at least get some enjoyment from playing the "Is She An Escort or Not?" game.My whole entourage had to drive from Las Vegas to Chicago while fighting the urge to expel liquefied human excrement (with approximately 78% of the food coming from Sura BBQ) while wearing five layers because the damn Polar Vortex was taking place. I received all sorts of crap (figuratively) for being the one who recommended this place to them, judging from Yelp reviews. If you gave this place anything higher than a star, it's likely that you were the one who led us to our demise. Please do not reproduce.Please do not attempt to ingest anything from this establishment unless you:1) are auditioning for the next season of Fear Factor.2) have a fervent death wish.3) wish to try dining options that are worse than those served in the state penitentiary.4) are preparing yourself for a backpacking tour through South-East Asia.5) think your current weight-loss program isn't working out.Avoid this place at all costs!
4	The food very good. Service and attitude really nice. Warm and friendly and fun to bbque at your own table. Good choice. Not the greatest interior but good food and happy people overcome that.
4	I had lunch there with coworkers and my son on the Christmas Eve. Great selections and quality.  Restaurant is clean and service is good ! The only advise is if you go there you need to plan on dress up causal.  You will end up going home with all the bbq smell !
1	This place has seriously fallen off. It used to be do good now it's not even worth it!
4	I visited this place based on Yelp reviews. The food was delicious. I went with a big group and everyone was satisfied after the meal. The staff was very friendly. There was a lot of requests made from my group, but the staff was attentive. I would not hesitate to visit Sura the next time I'm in town.
2	My boyfriend and I are huge Korean BBQ connoisseurs and this was our first Korean BBQ venture in Vegas and it was edible. I asked for hot tea cause I was fighting a flu bug and it came in a normal plastic cup used for sodas and water and it was only half way filled. Needless to say, I didn't drink the tea. The brisket's tough and a bit thicker than most Korean BBQ places and the bulgogi is good/decent. The side dishes were ok, but overall the look and feel of the place is pretty ghetto.  I would skip this place and pay extra for better selection and ambiance.
4	For an AYCE Korean bbq place, Sura serves high quality meat. The selection here is fantastic. Also being able to just get up and grab plate fulls of the meat you want is nice as well. Instead of having to tell the server what kind of meat you want them to bring. They carry a wide variety of Korean side dishes and salads. And the Persimmon iced tea here is delicious and refreshing.I wasn't too blown away from the non-marinated meats (although pork belly was great) flavor wise compared to other KBBQ joints I've been to in Las Vegas and K-town L.A. But once I tried the Kalbi + Tong Kalbi (marinated short beef ribs) I was a happy Korean guy all the way. It was perfectly marinated and tasted sweet and juicy like it should be.I'm definitely a big fan of Sura BBQ and will be coming back soon!
1	Really now?! There mold in the meats have you guys checked that recently?  Rice is old and soggy. Plates are barely cleaned. Not what I expected when it comes to "fine" dining.
3	I've been to my share of Korean bbqs and this place has some good quality meats. Plenty of sides to choose fromAnd they even offer sushi rolls. there is so much potential for this place but I think they'll settle for mediocre. good eats nonetheless.
3	A coworker had recommended this place to my GF, so even though it's not the highest ranked Korean BBQ in town, we thought we'd check it out.I'd say it's middle of the road for AYCE Korean BBQ.  This is the first AYCE that I'd seen set up buffet style.  They've got a fair selection of meat - marinated beef and chicken, marinated short ribs, spicy pork, rare steak, etc.  They've even got the fatty pork belly that you can put on the grill first to get it going.  Garlic pieces and the onion slices you might get at other Korean BBQs was there, but pretty dry and wilted in the salad bar area.  I didn't check to see if they had the lettuce wraps or soybean paste.They've got a small sushi buffet area, as well as some Korean sides (3 or 4 different kinds of kimchi and other items), as well as large rice cookers with both the mixed rice (this is a light purple) and white rice.  They also had big crock pots that looked like they had rotating soups.  It was kalbi tang when we were there - like everything else, the soup wasn't anything special, but wasn't bad either.Atmosphere is a bit dive-ish, with worn booths, furniture, and buffet lines definitely showing their age.
5	This is awesome I love the way the meats are marinated! Super affordable and a nice place to hang out & dine! Not forgetting to mention that the kimchi is on point!
3	The only reason I went there is because my family was looking a BBQ buffet near our hotel and there is not other place. Service is very good since there are only about 5 tables have people. And they are not busy at all. Food quality is about average and below some food almost gone bad I guess not many people eating here anymore. Not to mention about the sushi which is the worst. If you just want to eat meat then this is the place.
4	The place is good and there was a good selection of meat as well as other foods already prepared. Service was alright.  If you're culinary savy, you might be a little nervous when you see the raw meat out in the buffet area. It bothered me a little bit but I went for it anyway.  Overall pretty good and the slightly higher price is worth it.
3	Awesome meat selection! Great service, although I must say that I was there at midnight and we were the only ones in the restaurant. The sushi was better than most other non-sushi restaurant buffets, the Korean fries chicken was delicious, beef tendon salad was flavorful, orange chicken was average, the potato salad was too sweet.
4	At 1 am, 3 bars later. Its a dam 4 star restaurant. Of all the Korean all u can eat menu. Thus is one of my favorites. There selection is good there kimchee is excellent. I think there potato salad is off the hook. Or it could be that it's 3 bars later. Anyhoo it's delicious.
4	We came to this little slice of heaven because we have no "all you can eat" Korean BBQ in Portland, at least none that are highly rated that we're aware of. We came for lunch. We were not disappointed. The selection of meat and vegetables is wonderful. The sushi is actually very tasty, and the pumpkin porridge is... well I had three bowls the first time we came here and practiced self discipline down to two bowls the second time we came. The service is friendlier than most Korean BBQ places we've been to (like, REALLY friendly and helpful with the grill and whatever else you might have questions about). The quality of the food is excellent. Pork belly, squid, chicken, shrimp. It's so good! We don't come to Las Vegas without visiting Sura at least one time. Sin City has a huge selection of delicious food, and this is one that we always get excited about.
4	I like this place.They serves a high quality meat. Me and my bf always get seated as soon as we walk in and didn't have to wait. I have to admit they have a good customer service. They are always there to refill your water and gives you everything you need. The food is good and have a lot of choices when it comes to meat.  The only thing that i dont like is their fried rice but they also serves plain rice! I love their fried wonton cheese  You can pick whatever you want to cook unlike the tofu hut.i hate that place! Sura also serves variety of seaweeds!Go Give it a try
5	Worth it!!! $25 isn't that bad. All you can eat meat!!! Lol and amazing service!!! A+!!!!
1	Everything was OKAY (not great tho) until a server (an old woman) told me "hey! You didn't put tip! Where is tip??" at the door. I actually put $10 on the table for Sure but somehow they lost it. But that is NOT the point. I don't care if they lost their $10.   I felt uncomfortable that a server ask customer to put tip by compulsion. I told her I put tip on the table. Then she took me to the table and told me "but there is no tip!" again. Of course I didn't pay another $10 because I already paid...... I never go this rude restaurant.
2	My husband and children were craving for Korean AYCE BBQ and found them through Yelp decided to try them since they got fairly good rating. Place is ok they don't have much seafood for dinner. We prefer our Korean AYCE  BBQ in Riverside ,CA.
2	Went here with some friends pretty late on a Saturday night.  I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but I guess it wasn't what I got.The inside is kind of dingy and plain, and I would definitely suggest an overhaul.  Everything in there just feels... old.  Not a good feel for a restaurant.I like the concept as I am a HUGE Gyu-Kaku fan, so I thought this would be very similar to that.  Buffet-style is OK too, but their large selection does not make up for the fact that the cuts are fatty and generally do not look great.  I ended up sticking with thin cuts of marinated beef and vegetables.Honestly, the meat I tried I wasn't really impressed with.  I feel like if meat is marinated, it should be exceptionally flavorful since the marinade is able to really get into all the slices and get absorbed.  It still tasted plain to me.The sushi selection is OK.  I had a couple of roles, and they were meh.  Nabbed some while they were fresh at least.Not much for desserts - fruit and ice cream, which is OK.  I think I tried a fried plantain, but it was cold since it was sitting there and was kind of chewy.Service was slow - and that sucks because all they have to do is get drinks and clear plates.  It also seems really expensive for what you actually get.It's nice that they are open late at night I suppose.I don't see myself returning unless it is for lunch and with friends that absolutely want to go.
5	For $25 I think it's worth it. I mean if you eat a lot of meat then yes. Really good food, you get to cook on your own. A lot of food to choose from. Fast service, good customer service. Overall A+ restaurant!!!
4	First time Korean BBQ in Vegas and this place was good. Excellent service and lots of choices. Meat was really good. Some needed a little more flavor but just dipped it in there sauces. I would definitely go back.
4	I really like this place, better than most of the eat-all-you-can barbecue places in the LA area. I think we were in the right time of the day when the food were looking in order and business just ready to start. Everything seemed fresh and the idea of "self serve", I prefer than waiting the waitress for more meat and not getting the right ones. Yes, it is a little bit pricey but the quality of the meat is high too. The kalbis and bulgogis were just the right taste (not over or under marinated).  The fish are cooked just right. Lots of sides dish, different soup kinds, sushi and cold food areas. There was even a desert area. I will be here again.
5	Absolutely great!!  Food is delicious and everyone is friendly. Whether it's lunch or dinner they have a great selection. Best Korean BBQ place and been to in Vegas and the best price
3	My second time going and was better this time around.  Had better choices for both already cooked food and raw, to be cooked food.  Enjoyed the company as well.
3	A bit pricey for lunch buffet $15.99 but lots of fresh meats, vegetables, salads, cooked food. Disappointing dessert selection only jello & oranges. If you want you money's worth you got to come with an empty stomach.
4	Came here for the lunch buffet and I really liked how all the meats and side dishes were self-serve. The only difference between the lunch and dinner buffet is that you get the LA Kalbi as an option for dinner. There were random Chinese food options (chow mein, dim sum, etc) and Korean food options (soups, porridge, etc). Grill the kimchi on the side while grilling the pork belly and that combination is always so good~
3	So it's around midnight and me and my friend were HONGRY. So we're like...'f it, let's get KBBQ and ended up here. I think when you're drunk and you're tired of eating fried shit or bread or just potato chips with alcohol you yearn for something...substantial.  The meats were decent, not the worst i've seen but def. not the best. Service I can't say anything because we were the only ones in there, and it was midnight...and it's self service.  The soups (I tried them ALL) were ok. The actual banchan was okay. I actually liked the korean ones but that might have been bc I haven't eaten korean food in so long it tasted good. BEST thing from this place though?? beef tendon salad and the pig ear. haha i know, i'm disgusting, but it was really, really good!
1	Don't go to this place! For what I paid, I was expecting more variety of meat and other stuff on the buffet. We went on a Saturday afternoon and I though it would be packed, but it was empty. If you want a real Japanese yakiniku, go to YAGYU. For what I paid at Sura, I would be able to eat much better quality food at YAGYU. Don't waste your money in this place!
4	I love KBBQ. Personally like Tofu Hut a lot more but heard they got shut down for 50 something demerits?! Anyways, I've eaten here a couple of times with my family. It's the same every time. Meat is good. I think it's weird that you go pick your meat like buffet style. The place is big, has lots of tables and you can even call & reserve a table ahead of time which is very convenient when you have a huge family like mine. Lots of choices of meats and sides. They also have sushi but I never trust sushi from buffets. I wish they had steamed egg & fish cake!
4	Like this place, have eaten here a few times. It is a little expensive for the selection they have but it is better than Tofu Hut or some of the other places. The buffet is good and unlimited sushi as well so eat up and come here with an appetite!Wish they would have some kind of chow mein or that their rice would be fresher as it is always a little off but nothing that can't be expected from a buffet though...Will definitely come again and recommend to friends as the staff is EXTREMELY friendly and they are clean and on top of changing out your grill :)Also, I think drinks should be included for this price, honestly!!
4	Came in here because we were told this place was great.  Came in and was greeted right away...and sat down.  He asked us what we would like to eat and I told him we were new and asked how it worked, he said don't worry he would explain and took our drink order.  He then told us to follow him to the buffet line.  He said the middle section was raw food and the rest was okay to cook and to go ahead and serve ourselves.  That was his explanation...then again what more do you need.  So we took Seaweed Salad, kimchi (of course!), white kimchi, potato salad, daikon/carrot combo, and bean sprouts for our side dishes.  As for the BBQ we only tried two different types of meat.  Short Rib and Bulgogi.  What else do you need? It's the only two that we really like, but maybe next time I'll take a little of the other selection...they had pork belly, marinated pork, marinated chicken, and a few other type of meat.  There wasn't TOO much varierty but I don't really think you need it.  They also had sushi (which I tried) and fish and other already cooked items.  There is also a small salad bar.  I notice there was jello in the bar and fruit.  I only took some garlic cloves and lettuce leafs to wrap the BBQ in :)  I didn't notice any rice but with AYCE maybe eating rice isn't such a good thing :)So Short Ribs was awesome!  My Favorite out of the two.  It "falls of the bone".  I didn't have to really bite into it too much to get the meat off the bones which was nice.  It wasn't too marinated or under marinated.  It wasn't spicy or over salted or anything :).  The Bulgogi...I felt I had better.  Although I notice that once you cook it, it shrinks a lot.  But it wasn't chewy, and had good flavor.  I just wish it had a little more of a kick or something.  Maybe because I ate the ribs first...and it had a stronger favor.The side dishes though, I didn't like.  The kimchi was awesome...it had a spicy kick to it.  Potato Salad was bland.  Seaweed salad as well.  But this is a Korean BBQ place, who eats those?  Maybe just me.  Sushi was lacking too, it wasn't bad, but I rather focus on the BBQ next time I visit.  Of course the sushi was sitting out with a sheet of plastic wrap over it...but I had to try it.  Okay back to the sides, the sprouts had a weird after taste...and felt probably marinated or mixed with some spices I wasn't used to.  After awhile of eating the sprouts though, I started to like it, or maybe get used to it.  The White Kimchi was pretty much fermented cabbage...maybe fermented is not the word...it was soured a bit.  it wasn't spicy and it cools the tongue.  It's nice after eating the spicy kimchi.  Overall this place was good.  It's cheaper for Lunch I believe $15.99?  And it was $24.99 for dinner.  not too bad especially since it's AYCE.  Just sucks because I don't eat much but it was worth a try :)  better than the place we tried before.  I was told there was a dessert station, I didn't see it but next time I have to find it.
5	We should have came here instead of Mothers Bbq Grill. I loved their selection! You get your own meat from the bar. I didnt like that they didnt have too many sides. But they had egg rolls, soup, and fried rice. I would definitely come back here when i come back to vegas!
2	I love korean BBQ and I love Sura's style concept.  The restaurant is buffet style. You pick the meats and dishes that you wish to have and bring it back to your table to grill. A server will bring you drinks and clean your grill ever so often. The food isn't bad but it isn't great. You might find some pieces of meet that are still frozen if you pick from the middle of the tray. I went to the restroom while eating here and witnessed an employee leaving the stalls without washing their hands only to later see her behind the buffet line serving meat.  True story. I was so disgusted I wanted to return back to the stall and puke. Since Sura's AYCE menu is around the same price of the others in town...I'd go elsewhere especially after using their restrooms.
5	I came here with the guys from work when we were on a business trip in vegas. I never really come to places like this but I can say I am pleasantly suprised! They had a great selection of meat and veggies and even salads to choose from. The tables you sit at have your own little grill in them and whatever you pick you have to eat(otherwise they charge you) the service is great! They come by and check to see if your grill needs cleaning or if you want to try anything special from the back of the house. I would definately come here again!
1	I use to be a big fan of this place, but as of this last visit tonight it will be the last time i eat at this place.  This use to be a good KBBQ to eat, it use to have a good selection of food, but now not so much.  There was maybe a dozen other type of food not including the meats, there use to be at least twice as much and way better type of food there.  Now it's just another cheap type of Asian fast food that you can get at another cheap Asian buffet.
3	The kalbi and chicken is always tasty here! I was surprised that they no longer had the rib eye on the line. My husband always enjoyed that so he was a bit disappointed. I was also disappointed in the service.  They sat us right away and brang us water immediately but no one changed our grill, plates were stacking up and I was getting grossed out as the dirty dishes were now overtaking the table, we had to ask for lemons 3 different times and not having my water refilled. So today they get three stars because of the service and not having the rib eye.
4	Food tasted alright. It didnt really jump out in flavor but the workers here are very very attentive to their customers. Its nice that they display the food items out like at other buffets so we can choose the food we want in various portions to avoid wasting food. Btw, they do charge extra  if are wasteful so just grab food in moderation. But considering the fact that you get to choose your portions, there is no reason why anyone should waste food in the first place. Try it out! Took my family here on sunday brunch memorial day weekend and it was 24.95/person. A bit pricey but oh well :)
2	Overrated...not much selection at all. I mean how much can you eat of a handful of different types of meat?
5	I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH! As quite possibly one of the best Korean BBQ places I've been to, I'm happy to give this a 5 star.Upon arrival, we were hastily greeted and despite it being very busy, we were seated promptly.  Service usually isn't great at other Korean BBQ places, but I felt this was better than the rest.  Service did well with seeing if everything was good and if we needed assistance.  Props to them.The food had great variety and taste.  Lots of options for a KBBQ place.  You cook most of your own stuff for the AYCE BBQ, but it's worth the work.  Don't be lazy!For the price of $15-25, I'd be glad to pay again.  I'll be back on my next visit.
5	After an evening of drinking, where better to go than Sura, where I can shamelessly throw down ridiculous quantities of delicious meat and more meat?  We don't stop until we get the meat sweats.  The meat buffet is where it's at with pork belly, kalbi, bulgogi, ribs, and more.  Stack it all up on your plate and take it back to cook on your hibachi table grill.  The non-meat buffet area is not all that appealing, so we stick to what we came for, the meats.Don't wear dry clean only clothes or come before going to an event because you will leave smelling very 'meaty'.
4	Always tastes pretty good. Never had a problem with the quality of the meats and it remains consistent. Service is always on point. Refills are there before you can ask for them. So that's a good thing. Price is average. Nothing bad to say, so obviously I'll come back. But then again nothing that makes it stand out.
3	Went here for lunch with my brother and the place is good big and spacious. Overall very clean and it wasn't packed/busy when we came so our servers were constantly checking up in us almost coz I think they had nothing better to do. Personally I prefer Tofu Hut whether they got shut down temporarily or not. I don't like how the meat and everything is out like a line buffet style. Makes me question how long the stuffs been out there like he sushi. So I've never tried the sushi here. Also when we came which was during the later part of lunch like 1:30p the tempura was soggy and I didn't like how they didn't add or change it until it was all gone  The place is good and food is good overall but it's service style is not one I prefer. But I will admit they do have a lot of choices outside the meat and sides for standard KBBQ. So if you're looking for other things outside of the Korean BBQ meats and fixings then Sura is a good choice.
3	I went here once with my boyfriend a couple weeks back and well... it's just... meh. Definitely not worth the 27 dollars. The meat's kind of bland and you can tell it's old/half-assed/sitting out there/etc. The sushi's meh. Noodles are meh. Rice is meh. Soup is meh. Jjigae is meh. Everything's meh. Meh. And no I'm not being sarcastic it's just... meh.
4	The food was good, the service was excellent.  The meat was of good quality and super plentiful.  At least 10 different types of meat.  Needed more veggies to add to the mix, then it would be 5 stars.  Sunday lunch $25 per person.
3	Been here at least 4 times already so yeah, a review should be done so here it is. First off, if you are a carnivore like I am, then this is the place for your All You Can Eat (AYCE) meat cravings. They have plenty of options like Beef Bulgogi, Spicy Pork Belly, thinly sliced Brisket and Cow Tongue. For dinner they have the good stuff like Short Ribs and small thick cuts of Ribeye. Not a meat lover? Well they do have Sushi, a Salad Bar, and a separate section of hot items like Fried Rice, Tempura, and Steamed Fish just to mention a few.If this is your first time, the rules are simple. Get food that you like whether its already cooked or not and sit down. Start eating cooked items while you are waiting for raw items to get done cooking. The servers take away your dirty dishes and refill your drinks. That's it. If you dont like how your the items you cooked tastes, then you have nobody to blame but yourself!This is my rule of thumb, always try to sample some of everything and then decide what you like the best and knock yourself out! Always get your money's worth! Even better when you have been here before because you should already know what you like.Service is hit or miss. One visit I barely saw my server so I did not get much refills and we had dishes all piled up at the edge of the table which was obvious our server was lacking. Another visit our server was checking up on us like every minute which was awesome! The hours here are pretty good. They are open from 11 am to 3 am every day! Also take note of the prices. Lunch is usually a little bit cheaper because there are some items that are only available during dinner which in turn means that the dinner prices are more expensive. Refer to my pic for full details on pricing.Some random info: Dont wear nice clothes when eating here. You will get grease that splatters from the grill on to your clothing not to mention the barbeque smell. Try going to any semi formal event after eating here and you will get people craving Korean barbeque as soon as they smell you. Lol. They have several flat panel LCD's so if the big game is going on they are more than likely will have it playing. Make sure to eat most of the food you brought to your table or they will charge you extra!Lastly, the 3 stars is mainly for the price and quality. Several years ago I remember dinner prices used to be around 20 bucks. They also used to have raw mussels and shrimp as well but now those are gone. This last time I went it was about 27 bucks a person without drinks. I can understand the price hike so that they can make money but taking stuff away while increasing prices is no bueno if you ask me.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #147 "Vegetarians need not apply"
4	What a great, fun place to go.  My husband and daughter both love meat so, this was right up their alley.  The food was delicious, the experience was a fun one.  The only thing I would have appreciated was some more choice of vegetables.  I have already recommended this restaurant to others.
4	Food is fresh and delicious. Spicy pork belly & ribeye were my favorites. The barley tea and cinnamon tea were exceptional. Super friendly and fast service. I'll be back. (:
4	LOVE THIS PLACE. Dined here with my family while on vacation in Las Vegas. This place is spectacular and so delicious. Their meat and rice is to die for. I also love their side dishes! Hoping to come here again one day!
5	Service was excellent.  The waitress made sure our drinks were ever empty. She also came by occasionally to make sure everything was good.The food was great.  The meats were marinated perfectly and there was a good variety. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	The worst Korean BBQ I have ever been, not too much choice u can really eat, also they serve some Chinese& Japanese food, wt the hell!!!!!! It's not a real Korean BBQ. Also let's talk abt the price I walked in by myself, order a ice tea to drink, total for me is $28!!!!
5	Waitress was nice and friendly. Great variety of food selection. Definitely coming back again.
4	Pretty awesome. First time I've been to a kbbq place where I get to self-serve. Good assortment of food as well. Pretty big place to so a lot of people could come. Also open till a decent hour. Glad we found this place.
4	My buddy and I ventured off the Strip for food yesterday and I decided to try Sura.  There are plenty of food options in Chinatown, but we chose Sura because it was an AYCE restaurant and we were hungry.  I thought it was a great buffet option because it focused on just Korean food and they do it well.  It's a short trip from the Strip and it was well worth it.  The buffet was affordable and the parking was plentiful.
4	been here a few times, and this location is a convenient off-the-strip option as far as good, reasonably priced AYCE buffets go.instead of the usual "order from the menu" deal, it literally is a buffet where all the meats, sides, and other dishes like sushi and soup are at a buffet bar. load your plates with your party so you can go back to your table and cook everything family style.kalbi, bulgogi, spicy pork belly, riblets, brisket. it's all good. the only thing missing is the steamed egg platter more famous at some of the kbbq places i've been to here in so cal. all in all, a great place to enjoy some great food when you're in a good sized party.-civilities.
4	Great place! I like being able to grab my own meat and be able to eat at my own pace and not have to wait on someone to bring it out to me and suggest what I should eat first.I had a small kid with me... Overpriced. Minus one star.
5	This is probably one of my best experiences with Korean all you can eat BBQ buffet! They have most of the common kbbq meat here along with a whole bar for small dishes like kimchi, seaweed and bean sprouts. On the side there are different selections of soups. They also offer a small selection of sushi. Everything is self served. With the price we pay and the variety of food, I'll definitely come back again!
4	Excellent service! Friendly staff that refilled drinks numerous times and were very helpful. Food was great. Bulgogi was killer! Not a huge selection, but no big deal. Well worth the price, went home fat and bloated!
3	The buffet style is a really good idea since you don't have to wait and can see what you're ordering first. However, it seems that their selection is a bit limited with regard to the beef options. Still, I like the brisket and the bulgolgi. The side dishes are a bit subpar, although the bean rice and pickled radishes were good.
4	We stumble across Sura while driving home from China Town. It was very accessible to the streets so we decided to have lunch there.  It was bigger than most korean bbq places that we've too. It was pretty good. The selection at their buffet was more than other places. The waitress was really friendly and interacted with our group. Overall experience here was great. Have been back several times since we first discovered it.
4	I went for a couple of days to vegas and was looking for the best bbq, this didn't leave me down!I miss it already it was sooo yummy, the meat was so good marinated and the kimchi so tasty tooThe only reason that Im giving it 4 and not a 5 It's because of the service,  even the guy was really nice and ask several times if we were ok and serve really friendly I didn't like that after 1 hour eating I went to the bathroom and when I come back my friend on the table told me that they turn off the heat ...Fell like they wanted to say that we should leave kinda rude and they wasn't closing. ..Anyways, it is really worth itI paid 25 ayce and 11 for suju (really expensive suju)I had a really nice night and if I could comeback I would.
4	Let me clarify that when I usually go out to eat Korean ayce, there really isn't an array of appetizers and I hate that I can't control how much meat I want of each type. I like Sura simply because you get to pick how much you want to cook up and there's some extra side entrees you can eat as well. Fried rice, soup, the meat selection isn't the biggest, but it is marinated right. I love the bulgolgi, brisket, and octopus too! Love grabbing some onions and peppers to make things taste even better... Mmmm. The service is usually pretty decent, the place does seem to get quite busy. They don't have much for dessert, but they switch it up every so often. I really like this fruit cocktail they had out once! It was just the right amount of sweet. Oh, and I always get excited for the honey sesame yams. A definite must try, especially with friends.
4	I've always wanted to try a buffet Korean bbq. I used to chef at a korean American fusion  restaurant, so i know my Korean dishesh. So the price is about right. This place really surprised me, they have many varieties to choose from. Front of house Staff was a little lacking,but over all this place was great! Only thing i dislike is that they charged for anything you don't eat. They charged me extra $3 because i refused to eat the fat. Other than that this Korean bbq is great!
5	Love this place. My wife and I went here for lunch which was $16.95/person.  Buffet style.  Banchan, pork belly, spicy pork loin, spicy pork strips, inte see tines, chicken, bulgogi, and beef brisket. Able to get the amount you want and then cook yourself.  The staff will change the grill whenever you ask.  There are other prepared foods such as sushi rolls (typical for Korean buffet... lots of unleashed rice), chicken wings (delicious), fried rice, pad thai, fish, fried cheese wonton, kalbi stew (delicious), pancake, white rice, rice and bean, porridge, another soup, oranges, and melons.  Great deal. I wish the korean bbq was like this  near home for me in Maryland.
2	It wasn't that good. I want more sauce variation. Meats weren't marinated well so the meat was bland. Service was good but the food just wasn't up to par.
2	Not the best Korean BBQ buffet I've been to.  To expensive for the quality. The servers were nice. Expensive for little kids who don't eat their fill.
1	Fresh and delicious broccoli and salad, but frozen pork belly and salty beef. Don't go there lunch time! The lowest quality meat they serve at lunch time, but I do not know about the quality of dinner' meat and other food.
1	I checked this place out with my boyfriend after we hit up the gym.  We didn't have too high expectations but man I have to say this place is horrible. The meats were not fresh, and the pork belly just tasted strange.  It was clean, but there didn't seem to be too much traffic coming through. The lack of customers should've been a red flag. For the price we paid I do not feel this place was worth the money.
2	This place was a favorite but the quality of the meats went down and the price went up.  There is still a huge selection of banchans, soups, and other things, but the cuts of meat weren't good, they were chewy, gristly, and quality over all tanked.
3	The food was decent.  The meat products are soo fatty. Your gonna have to run a marathon after eating here. The price is also fair not to outrageous.  Grade C.
3	Came here couple of months ago, thinking I would be walking into a Oo-Kook or Bud Namu type of an AYCE.  Wrong!  This is a pseudo-Asian buffet a la Makino or Krazy Buffet, except it has cook-at-table Korean bbq as well.  Sort of Cheong-Woon Buffet meets Krazy Buffet.  Since I don't care for Cheong-Woon at $22 and Krazy is a good deal at $13, I'm definitely not going crazy for Sura at $25.  AYCE Korean bbq should focus on the bbq and not try to stuff customers' bellies with other crap.  Well, the meat is somewhat limited here - bulgogi, L.A. kalbi, chadol, pork belly & bulgogi, and some chicken and intestines.  And then a hundred non-bbq stuff.  Me not like that combo.  If the meat is the most expensive thing on the menu and people are eating 50% other stuff, shouldn't it be cheaper than the places where customers are eating 80% bbq?  To me the less meat, the less they should charge unless the other dishes are crab and lobster.Anyway, it tastes pretty good, other dishes are generally decent, and meat is decent quality.  But I'm not coming back here unless they reduce the price by $6-7.  If I wanted other dishes I'll go to Krazy Buffet, it's similar quality.  I'm willing to pay $25 for AYCE BBQ, if I'm getting the 8-9 choices of beef and pork including saeng galbi, sirloin, etc.  But not for this.  I want Oo-Kook in Vegas!!Table-for-1 Factor:  Suppose they wouldn't refuse, but not sure AYCE is appropriate for 1 person even in this setting.
2	Wow my first ayce korean bbq (lunch) here in vegas and it just didnt hit the spot. I love korean food. I go los angeles every week and i go korea town with friends whenever we can. These are some of the korean places i go to for comparison, Sanya, BCD Tofu house, MoDapo, Castle. Anyways on to Sura, food is eeeh. Nothing to brag about. Bland taste in their meat, including their marinated ones. Side dishes seems a lot but nothing really good. I eat kimchee all the time and the kimchee here almost made me lose my appetite. I have a strong sense of smell and taste. And wow the kimchee smelled and tasted spoiled. Including the kimchee soup. When i got the chance i told the guy behind the buffet counter that the kimchee might be spoiled and i told him to at least try it to see. He didnt. He told one of the server, and she also didnt taste it. Wow really, you are just going to ignore one of the customers complaint. Well i wasnt really complaining just letting them know it might be spoiled. Anyways for 16.99 its not worth it. Good thing there are two other ayce korean bbq in vegas. Will try them soon.
2	My late birthday was held here last night -- 10 adults 2 children. The bill came out to be 330$ and we tipped 50$. The service was awesome - always on top of our refills, changing out our hot plates and dealing with the two erratic children pacing around the whole restaurant, but the food was Meh... I've been to an AYCE Korean BBQ (Tofu Hut) before and prefer their meat than what meat we tasted here. And the prices are MUCH cheaper there than here. The sushi was not good and so plain. The one thing my boyfriend and I liked the most was the soup -- mine being the beef raddish soup and his the kimchi soup. The dessert section was small as well as their salad bar. For the price per head it was, and even the kids being charged 13$ per child, I was highly disappointed...
4	This has got to be my favorite K BBQ place.  It's not as cheap as some and not as expensive as others, but good nonetheless.  I love to come here midweek at night.  There's not so many people so you don't leave smelling like K BBQ as there are fewer grills and they do space people out well so you have privacy.  Their selection of marinated meat is terrific although they do not have some sauces or sides you would expect for a restaurant of it's sort.  They do have many soups that others do not so that makes up for it.  The staff is quick to clean the grills and very courteous.  I always get my money's worth here and no wait if you come at the right time.
5	A cook-your-own place. Their area is good and the place is big enough so the smoke wouldn't bother you. Servers are really nice too.
4	Came in on a Thursday afternoon for lunch with a friend. It was buffet style where all the marinated and raw meats were in containers. Everything from pork to beef, and some squid as well. They had soup and rice on the side and also a salad bar. For 20 bucks it wasn't bad for lunch. I would like to comment on the lack of a sauce station so I had to look for the sauces and mixes. There was not one particular server/ bidder they just all worked together. All in all I would definitely recommend this place
4	They are little pricey and the food is good. They have everything you want especially the marinated meats. They need to add more sauce selections too.
3	The selection is actually very good.Their spicy beef and bean sprout stew starts things nicelyThe pickled veggies are all deliciousThe grill is excellent.I love the idea that I can grab what I want; and have full control. The atmosphere is better for families however.
1	Literally the WORST meal I've ever had, the price makes it a thousand times more painful. The meat tastes like it's been sitting in the marinade for weeks and the brisket was rough. Every single item of food was bland, tasteless, and cold. We even had to get our own utensils. The best thing about this place was the soda. On top of all of this we tried to have a word with the owner and instead of coming over and apologizing or discussing our disappointment, he/she made our waiter go back and forth without apologizing or offering a discount.
1	Painful experience and likely the worst Korean barbecue I have ever eaten. This to me is a significant statement as I basically make it a point to eat Korean barbecue  2 to 3 times a month at truly good establishments.I am not sure where to start, from the atmosphere to the bland, cold , stale tasting food that must have been sitting all day (as we ate late) to the rude ownership that had no interest in hearing about their food.Really, terribly disappointed  in the overall experience and found it painful to pay the high price for such distasteful food.I would much rather lose money playing craps than eating crap!!Never again!
1	Brought my friends to Sura today. Would not recommend this place..meats tough and not fresh including shrimp. Not good value for your money ay 25.99 per person. Did not enjoy the food.  Would not go back.
4	Great food and service. It's a buffet with all you can eat of good beef kalbi.  Spicey pork is great also. I'd say a limited selection of side dishes a white kimchi and standard red. Both were good.  Pickled onions and also one of my favorites garlic stems.  But no roasted black beans and spinach or other common korean side dishes.  The marinades were good not overly salty. I'd eat there again and highly recommend. Big meat eaters this is the place.
2	WAY TOO OVERPRICED! My girlfriend and I called ahead of time to verify the price for lunch ($16.95) & ask if they served short ribs. Turns out that the short ribs are dinner only so we ended up paying $56.10 total for the two of us. It was pretty good & they did have sushi & a few other buffet foods (which weren't that good). They also DID NOT have rice paper or any kind of sauce to dip the meat in. The service was less than average. I would not recommend going here when there's lot of other k bbq places in the area.
5	If sura was McDonald's I'm loving it! No wait but you have to get it yourself but I don't mind. Sooup, grilled fish, salad n rice, meat and sushi! But I just eat meat. It's big so big groups no problem. Good service go mr yung
5	I'm sure they have 3.5 stars because of their small selections of meats.... But man, they should get a five for their side dishes made in house!!! Everything was so well made and good. I liked the marination for the meats as well. I was literally full till the next day. Yows.
3	I'm like two weeks late on this but...Usually sura bbq is good...Unfortunately when I went two weeks ago, it wasn't. I was pretty depressed at how dry the food tasted. Like they didn't marinas it as good as they did before. Then again, it was a really busy night. All I can say is, it was "decent."
1	9.95 for a 3 year old kid ..Its too much for the price ..a few pieces of beef and a couple bites of fried rice !! Never go back again !! Cheap meat !! the food isn't fresh !! Server is good though ..
4	I guess even Korean bbq in Vegas is served buffet style. The other AYCE Korean places I go to, you still have to wait for servers to bring you the meat and banchan. I think I like Sura's structure better. You can get whatever you want, whenever you want. Awesome.Variety of meat was very good - bulgogi, chicken, two kinds of marinated pork, pork belly, three kinds of intestines, squid. Too bad there wasn't any kalbi.Lots of banchan options, salad, soup/porridge, some "sushi", and chinese options. Seriously, just eat the meat and banchan and forget the rest. That's what you came for, right?$16 for lunch is a steal. Though there was a $2 extra charge for something we couldn't figure out. I guess that's something they tack on because it's Vegas.
4	Great Korean Bbq here !! It's clean and it's  in Chinatown, miracle !! The food is really good, seasoned nicely... Try the beef and radish soup,  it's my favorite and it's amazing !! I it's open till 3 am and it's all you can eat  !!
1	I never thought in my life I would leave a KBBQ place hungry.  The meats are if poor quality.  While the sides have a good selection I did not enjoy the flavors.  The service was good but that's the only thing I can say.Never again!
5	I lived in Japan for two years and frequented yakiniku tabehodais (all you can eat korean bbqs) as often as I could.  And this place is awesome.  My brother and I went at lunchtime on a weekday, since that offers the cheapest price, I think it was 16 per person.  Our drinks were never empty, so that was great.  And while I was initially very iffy about the quality of meat, I was very, very surprised.  I focused on the bulgogi, pork loin, and some other kind of pork that looked like thick cut bacon.  They were all delicious.  I wish they had onion or peppers to grill too, but not having it was no big deal to me.  The rice, niku-man, egg rolls, and sweet and sour chicken were great too.  Instead of going to one of my three favorite ramen places next time I go home to Vegas, I'll be coming here.  I don't think I'll ever pay the dinner price, at least not while I'm in school, but I think the weekday lunch price is very reasonable.
5	Omg!!! Where was I all this time??? This places is soo good!! This place is huge so it was very easy to get seated. We walked in and got seated right away. The food was delicious, we had the sides, and meat. The sides were amazing, their potato salad had so much mayo in it, it's ridiculous. Lol but I like mayo haha the Kim chi and other pickled sides were definitely delicious. The meat was great quality meat. I mean the ribs were nice and tender which went really well with the marination. Their spicy pork was awesome, I was in love. I was eating that and the short ribs the whole night. They also have a sushi bar, which was pretty good for a bbq place, it wasn't bad at all. And then they have the regular home cooked food. Which I wasn't too crazy about but it was alright. All in all, it was pretty good. They only thing I didn't like was their fish and service. I wish they give us like sides and rice and steamed eggs but you have to get up and get everything yourself. It was $30 totally for me, it's a little bit too much but def worth it to me.
