4	My kids take swim lessons here twice a week with Adam. Adam is amazing with my monkeys. He has taught them to almost swim on their own in a little over a month. I recommend that you get private lessons if you can swing it. You don't get much accomplished in the group lessons. Both the monkeys are together and learning at the same pace. It costs about $42 for 30 minutes but its well worth all the one on one instruction that they receive. The only reason that they are not getting 5 stars is because they need more office staff helping up front to deal with the tidal wave of parents trying to schedule lessons. I also didn't appreciate them trying to schedule a make up private lesson with another instructor (which is just a big waste of money when you have small kids...they want consistencyOverall my kids are flourishing and its all thanks to Adam. Keep up the good work :)
5	Water Wings is awesome!  We've been taking our son here ever since he was three months old, and now after a couple months he can practically swim on his belly for a short time without any help!The swim teachers here are very professional, and they absolutely love to have fun with the kids.  You can tell by their mannerisms and genuine smiles that they really want to be there and that they enjoy what they do.  They make learning fun.  I wish I had something like this when I was little.The facility is clean and well-maintained.  They have separate changing areas for guys and gals, showers to wash yourself off before and after you enter the pool, a kid's play area, a waiting area for parents to watch, snacks, a water cooler, and a front desk that keeps good track of payments and what not.I would highly recommend this place for any parent that wants to get their kid(s) a head start on learning how to swim at any age.
4	My husband and I brought our  9 month old daughter to her first class last week and she loved it! She never cried once! She got really comfortable with the water and I think it was because she loved the songs that the instructors sung through all the exercises. After only 2 classes, our daughter got the Humpty Dumpty exercise down! We love this place and we all get excited for Saturdays! I deducted a star only because it was so busy at her first Saturday class. The 10am Satruday class is so busy! It was okay though because Maria (the receptionist) gave us a tip about a new time on Saturdays that would help with getting our daughter exposed to the water! The time change was awesome! Just wish there was more time too :) It's probably the best thing we could've done for our daughter! We can't wait for Saturday this week!
5	since its summer i wanted to sign my step-daughter (5) up for swimming lessons. i called and the girl on the phone was very helpful she told me all about the classes. the max number of kids in the group classes is 4 and your they gave me our first lesson for free to see if she would like it. the level & class she was in (starfish) was 30 min long and she loved it. the have benches and chairs inside the pool area (indoor) and chairs in the waiting room outside with big windows looking in so you can still watch what is going on. we signed her up for one/week lessons $18/lesson. all the teachers work very well with all the children (different levels and ages). we have already recommended water wings to 3 other parents.
1	Their one-size-fits-all approach just doesn't work for all kids. After two-and-a-half months of bi-weekly classes and private lessons, my son was more fearful of the water than when we started and had made little progress learning to actually swim. I spoke with his instructors (four different ones) and expressed my displeasure with the management, yet nothing was done. I was told to just keep trying and eventually my son would get used to swimming and all would be fine. I trusted this advice for a few days, but drew the line when he screamed in fear and became physically ill when we approached the pool. Management REFUSED to give me a refund when I withdrew him from class. Instead, they informed me that they would retain a credit for the unused classes to be used for up to a year (as if I would be going back!). I guess they'd prefer I keep bringing my son back and risk scarring him for life. I asked to speak to the owner, but was told it wasn't an option. I guess leaving a negative review here and spreading the word to all of my friends is my only recourse. By the way, after just nine days with a private instructor from another school, my son was swimming like a fish AND looked forward to each lesson. He now loves swimming. Clearly there's something wrong with Water Wings' methods, philosophy, and management.
5	Our son has been taking lessons here for a few months. He really likes it and wants to come each week. He is much more comfortable in the pool and we are more confident in his ability to swim. He's safe and we r happy.
5	Avi taught both my kids to swim. I'm a huge fan...tick-tock, tick-tock...
5	My son goes here once a week and loves it! He started when he was 14 months old. Louis is an AMAZING instructor and really gets close with the kids. My son adores him. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Don't be discouraged if your first week or two your kids shrieking like a lunatic halfway through. We've all been there, if you stick to it they'll love it, and it'll be so worth it.
5	Water Wings is the best swim school! My oldest has been coming here since she was 3-1/2 and my youngest started at 6 months. With most places there are times when there are "hiccups" but 100% of the time these are fixed by the excellent staff. :)
5	My youngest got promoted a level and is loving it. My oldest is preparing for swim team (hammerhead 1). Great place with instructors who care!
5	Both my girls come here. My oldest is in Hammerhead 1  and my youngest in Baby Swim 2. Both have Tyler and he is amazing!  Throughout the years (mostly with my oldest) we have also had Adam, Cooper and Ryan. They are all great with the kids and have wonderful patience. The office staff is amazing too. Skye and Ashley are always very helpful and pleasant. There are never any issues with them. I highly recommend Water Wings Swim School at Eastern and 215! ;-)
5	Tyler S. is an amazing instructor. He has taught my 2-year old how to swim and continues to challenge her each lesson. The water wings staff has been helpful, but our experience has largely been defined by the interaction between instructor/student/parents. Our daughter loves the swim lessons and always looks forward to learning from Tyler.
