4	Went to Pittsburgh Juice Co. today right after Bikram Yoga. I love the store front for this place its very nice.  I had the Watermelon Berry Juice, it was very good and fresh. I think its a bit expensive though it cost me $13 for two juices.
5	This is the first place in pittsburgh I've found that produces truly raw, fresh, cold pressed juices. There are shops like this all over LA, SF, and NY, but Pittsburgh is a little lacking. Or was until now. Their green juice is very smooth and super refreshing. It's a small space, but in San Francisco they sell juice out if little closets on the street. Definitely worth checking out!
1	Stopped by with my girlfriend during Pittsburgh's first warm Saturday afternoon of the year. The garage style front doors were open and I thought the decor was well done / appropriate. The girl behind the counter was in the process of labeling bottles of new juice and was nice and helpful. That being said, all of those criteria are ancillary to the food offering which I found to be lackluster at best. It is not that the kale 'chips' lacked flavor, it was that the flavor they possessed made them almost inedible.  The establishment's namesake offering, a berry blend juice concoction,  was bland and discarded in the first garbage can we came across. I understand what this place is trying to do / be, a healthy / vegan / hip restaurant option which I'm totally cool with. What I am not cool with is paying for bland and unsavory food.
2	Went on a Saturday and was excited to see what it offered as I just moved back to Pittsburgh from New York, which had great juice bars. The juice selection was very small, I hope it will be inspired by http://liquiteria.com/cold-pressed-juices.php and http://www.juicegeneration.com/menu/smoothies to offer a wider variety. Also I hope they will blend juices and or smoothies on-site. If they stick to their 5-6 flavors during the summer months, I doubt we'll return...that said, best of luck!
5	So happy to see a place that actually makes their own juices. The staff was super helpful and the juices were amazing love the orange apple ginger soooooooo refreshing
5	This place is a wonderful treat, and a great addition to the Lawrenceville neighborhood.  Love the savvy location right next door to Bikram Yoga Pittsburgh, the open air design, the sweet and talkative staff, and, of course, the juice!  So far I've tried the power berry smoothie, which was delicious and refreshing, and the green juice, a classic.   The freshness and thoughtfulness in preparation is well worth the price.  Trust me, next time I'm in the 'burgh, I'm stopping by PJC again.P.S. I haven't tried the snacks yet, but I think the fact that they are finding (delicious) ways to reuse the by-products of juicing, rather than tossing them in the trash, is commendable (and rare for these operations, as far as I know).
1	Went in on a Sunday and all that was offered was pre-made juice in a refrigerator. I asked the girl behind the counter if they were made today- she said yes. After paying about $8 for a 12 oz drink, when I got in my car and drove away I noticed a sticker on the bottom that said Wed. So I would have been better off buying flash pasteurized juice at a supermarket - same content only cheaper. If the owners of this establishment continue to do business in this way, they will be out of business in 6 months. I won't be returning.
4	I did the 3 day juice cleanse. It was $128, which I thought was a little high in price, plus an additional $18 for the bottles, which is returned when you return them. I didn't really have any goals or expectations for the cleanse. You get 6 juices a day, and have to come back daily to pick up the next day's juice. Overall, I guess I was a little disappointed. I don't feel any different, nothing changed, I didn't feel more or less hungry/cleansed/anything. So, take that for what you will.
3	Call ahead to make sure they actually have smoothies made...they don't make them to order.
5	I am from Boston, and I moved here recently/temporarily for health reasons/care needed at UPMC.  There is a great cold-pressed juice place at home, and lots of other healthy eating alternatives, that I was sad to say goodbye to.  That said, I was PSYCHED to find Pittsburgh Juice Co.  They are small, but they are doing everything right.  ORGANIC, cold pressed juice, glass bottles for reuse, and a spotless shop.  Critics on here lamenting their lack of menu options or lack of a 'tasty smoothie' -- just don't get it.  This place is truly the only one of its kind I've seen in Pittsburgh in terms of high quality food options.  To me, there is no point in drinking juices that aren't organic, or that taste sweet like a dessert.  Anyway, this place is great and I can't wait for them to grow their business. Personal preference for "green juice" additions.... fennel and/or radish !
5	My daughter just told me that some unreliable reviews had made this place's rating not what it should be, so I'm here to give it the GREAT review it deserves. We're here, temporarily, and for health reasons, from Boston, and I was *thrilled* to find this place. Organic, cold-pressed healthy juices just like the place we love back home. This place is not for people who want faux-healthy, sweet smoothies. It's the real deal. Hope it continues to do well !
4	Delicious juices! I have been to The Pittsburgh Juice Co. about 5 times. Love every juice I've tried. My favorite is the Berry Watermelon. It's like summer in a bottle, so refreshing. Prices are a little high. So unfortunately I can't stop here all the time, just once & a while. They do give you $1 credit toward your juice each time you return the glass bottle. Plus they have a stamp card for every time you buy a juice. Which is nice! Highly recommend PJC, you can't go wrong with any of the juices. Very delicious, fresh & healthy!!
