4	Totally diff from the Cantina in Scotts obviously no chips and salsa  here. This is a great neighborhood bar I basically lived here thru football season's ages ago. If you hate Raider fan's I suggest steering clear of the times they play (if they still have the club there that is) Raider fan's are crazy and it is usually not so much fun after the games when they lose which is most of the time! They do have many many tvs their site says 24 total. They have a seperate area for betting on the dog races that was always huge with the older crowd. They use that canned shredded meat here in some meals which I think people immediately love it or hate it. I dont like it so much it's too salty and soggy but I never really liked meat anyway. I solved that problem and just eat sushi now, so who am I to say if the chicken is really good or not?!?! I am fine with some fried zucchini or those stuffed jalapeno things or even nachos minus the meat. I remember their wraps as being really good though! Don't confuse the bartender by asking for a foofoo mixed drink. You mill be lucky if they have some flavored vodka. Beer is king here and I seen a many people do Irish car bombs but hey you cant really get those wrong now, can you? Beer me please!
3	We go to Brennans because it is a 2 minute walk from our house. It is a good place to watch a game. Lots of TVs and comfortable tables. Drink prices are reasonable. The food isn't the greatest but it is passable for bar food. Like the title, it is "grub". The Irish Nachos are HUGE. Great for filling your belly alongside beer. And their Mexican pizza isn't bad either. My husband likes their all you can eat Friday fish fry.Not bad.
4	If you have a craving for a good, greasy cheeseburger look no further! Whenever I have the craving I'm right there. Now, if you like mozzarella sticks and I mean the real ones don't order them here. What they call mozzarella sticks are basically two giant logs, yuck! They just don't taste good. Beer is always cheap here and the mixed drinks are okay if you say not too much ice. Basically it's a great neighborhood bar to chill and watch some sports on the many t.v.'s and eat good food.
4	I used to drink a lot. I mean, I still do, but I'm not in my 20's anymore liver! I shall wrap up about 70 trips here into one review. I used to live in quite a short stumble distance from here, so I frequented knowing I could avoid a DUI and always have a good and safe time. There are so many positives. Let me add that this and the (other former Brennan's East of here) are quite different. Yeah, this is in a strip mall, as a ton of bars in AZ are. There is no outside seating. There is a lot of indoor seating- booths and tables galore as well as a large bar with extended seating. For some reason the booths to the left side of the door seem to be made for either children or anorexics. The rest seem just fine! It's a little aged, clean enough, older place. They have darts, pool, shuffleboard,and bartop games. I have never had bad service here. Honestly. The servers and bartenders are attentive and motivated. The menu at this Brennan's is huge! If you can't find something you like here I would be shocked. Let me tell you they sure don't skimp on cheese. Order anything with cheese and you shall see. The mozzarella sticks are the size of cucumbers! A word of advice: Share a meal. The portions could feed 6 people (unless an ala cart choice). Trivia on Wednesday's for cash and Sex Trivia Saturday's for sex toys! Who can resist that?! (Hey, put your cell phones down- no one likes a cheater! Yeah, you!) Prices are great as well. Happy hour gives you a good bang for your buck. It's a fun, local type bar that always felt safe and welcoming. Used to feel like "Cheers" to me. Too bad I can't stumble here anymore, but I still visit often. Never had a bad time and if I were a fly on the wall, I'm sure I could write a lot more here. :)
4	I came here with my boyfriend and his friends before we left AZ to go back to the bay. I was surprised to see that there weren't tons of people in there as it was a Monday night and tons of games on.Brennan's is a hug bar and has tons of seating and tv's to get your sports fix. We found a booth and were warmly greeted by our server. The boy and his friends ordered 35 cent wings and I had a cheeseburger with curly fries.My cheeseburger and curly fries totally hit the spot. The curly fries were were crispy and had tons of flavor, they were a little spicy. The burger was really filling and was exactly what I wanted! The boys completely devoured their wings, and at 35 cents, you can imagine just how many they had between them.For our flight, my boyfriend ordered the margarita chicken wrap and it tasted great even a few hours later...yum!Brennan's is a solid spot to catch a game and grab some yummy pub food in a laidback environment.
4	We are pretty much regulars at Brennans now. It is a reliable place to watch the game with cheap drinks. There is a great view of the TV from almost every spot.The bartenders are AWESOME. They are quick,  friendly, and really seem to care about providing good service. The servers are good too. Very sweet and take care of their regulars. There is confusion among them sometimes about who is helping our table but it is usually resolved quickly and they are apologetic.The food that is good is very good, the food that is bad is pretty bad. Luckily, the number of items on the menu that is good outnumbers the bad. Here is a rundown on the good stuff- the Irish Nachos, Mexican pizza, cheese curds, potato skins, wings, enchiladas. All pretty good. Oh, and salsa too. It's freshly made and very zippy!I would stay away from the zucchini and mozzarella sticks. Both are too greasy and lacking in flavor. The mozzarella stick is ginormous, which seems appealing at first but it is just too much cheese and too little breading. I wish they had more food specials because the appetizers will set you back 7-10 bucks a plate. But the portions are huge. They do have an amazing mexican night on Tuesday. $1.25 enchiladas and tacos. And we were pleasantly surprised about how tasty the tacos and enchiladas are. The crowd in Brennans is diverse and interesting. I love a diverse crowd and all but be prepared to listen to either a full hour of country or a full hour of gangsta rap on the jukebox. That can get annoying when the jukebox is completely dominated by a person whose musical tastes are limited to one genre. Overall, we love Brennans and we can call it our home away from home.
5	I've been going to Brennan's for years now. I'm 27 now but started coming here as a kid to Brennans and would catch Suns games with my Dad and brothers and enjoy some Wings. Brennans is a shining example of what a neighborhood bar should be. It has always been everyones Cheers. The staff here is top notch. They are all very interesting characters. Wayne, who is the lead Bartender has been there since the beginning, is the absolute best. Just talk to the guy and observe him and you will understand what I am speaking of. Sean is also a great bartender and makes a mean mean drink. If he likes you, he will make you the " Red Sox Shot " It is LEGENDARY.  Jordan who bartends and serves there, knows how to ask the cooks to make the wings a special way that make them even more amazing. Flavor suggestion: Honey Hot.  Great spot to go for all the basketball and football games, drink prices are very accommodating as well. The football crowd on Sundays is fun. You have some real die hard fans that go there for football, you have some people out with laptops placing bets over the internet, fantasy football going, Bloody Mary's flowing. I live in San Diego now, but every time I come into town, its an absolute must to go to Brennan's for all these reasons and more. Enjoy yourself and sit up at the bar so you can experience the bartenders. If you want to mess with Wayne, talk about the Raiders. :)Steve ZimmermanPhoenix Suns 4 Life
2	I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you "honey" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint, so  i called my bro and said, "hey man, let's go to this joint by your house and play some shuffleboard and have a beer".  So, off we went.  I got there and when I approached the bar, the bartender looked at me like I was from Mars. I said hello, FIRST. She says Hi.  Then I said "How's it going?"  I felt like I was demonstrating to her how to greet a customer. So I ordered drinks, asked for shuffleboard disks and some menus. I was told that I could grab my own menu and that if I wanted something, I needed to come back and order.  Cool,  no biggie,  but no points for hospitality there.  No real attempt at gaining some sort of an EARNED tip, no prob, it's only my first impression of the place.  SO,  we play some shuffle board.  5 red disks, 3 blue, that's all they have and the shuffleboard table was not in proper working order and it wasn't like the guy sitting on his butt in the office right there was gonna check on us to see if everthing was okay.  So, it don't matter, we's having some beers and it's all good.  We get hungry and decide to look at the menus.  The menus said that THURSDAY was Indian Fry Bread day. Apparently, I am told that they haven't done that IN A LONG TIME.  I guess they didn't get around to changing the menu, but hey it's only my first impression of the joint.  Glad the regulars love it, they can have it.  Oh and I agree with a former poster about the Irish draw of the place.  I thought it was gonna be an Irish place,  not even close.  Crappy hospitality, limited beer menu etc......
1	We ate at Brennan's last night.  The waitress did not write our order down, and my husband had some special requests.   The meal came, and all requests were ignored.  In addition, it was cold.   My husband complained, and was brought another serving of beans.  However, because of the food on the original plate, he was not able to eat his entire meal.  We did talk to the waitress about the importance of customer service and how disappointed we were.
3	Went to Brennan's for the first time after work today.  Pros: The Irish Nachos were huge and really good.  Waitress were nice to look at. They had quite a few TVs with baseball.Cons:  I love a dive, but when I sat at the bar it was more dingy than dive.  Pretty dark and older looking.  The TV's also seemed smaller around the bar area but that could be just me.   I may of come in on a rough day but the customers where I was seated skewed older and a bit unpleasant.  I know this not the bars fault but did kill the vibe.I definitely will go back since the food was good, and would like to get in on a game of pool.
2	I loved coming here on Saturdays for sex trivia. However, there is this one waiter that would always serve us that was completely rude, smart mouthed, and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him, we haven't been back. It's a real shame because I really enjoyed hanging out there.
4	Not many places do Killian's Red in pitchers, but these folks do.. =)
4	Not sure why Brennan's was not on this list.  This a great place if you like laid back dive bars.  We have been going there for 6 years.  On Saturday's they have half price burgers that are phenomenal.  Saturday nights they have trivia.  Pool tables, shuffleboard, silver strike bowling.  It's a lot bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.
4	And now, the Killian's Red is gone. However, they've swapped it with Kiltlifter, just as delicious and more local! =9
1	Horrible horrible service. Beer and food is great, neighborhood bar so it's convenient. Went in today for my last time. They were short handed which I could understand, but the managers were even terrible. Server never brought our food, let alone check on us. I had to get up to get a beer, napkins, plates, etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a "thumbs up" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us, which never happened. All tables around us were just as unsatisfied.  Too bad for them, I know after today many people will not be back.
5	If you're looking for a great corner dive with interesting folks, witty bartenders, decent bar food, cheap drinks, low drama, and weekly sex trivia, you found it.
4	Friday nights are always good at Brennan's. Jackie (bartender & waitress) has an intoxicating smile - anyone would feel welcome.  The whole staff rocks!Burgers are huge and juicy and Mexican pizza is good too.Pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar.
5	Taco Tuesday has the most amazing specials! Friday and Saturday nights are ridiculous fun!! My home away from home!
5	BRENNAN'S IS THE BEST! What an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends. Not to mention the staff is the best. Jaki, Wayne, Kat - all of them!
5	I love this bar. They have amazing nachos and the staff is amazing - Jaki, Kaleigh and Wayne. I don't ever have to wait long for a drink. Oh yeah and sex trivia on Saturday night is so much fun.
1	This place has completely given up. I don't know if they have had new owners within the last 4 months or so but its gotten really bad. Unless your one of the regulars who have probably been drinking since 11am you don't get much attention here.Just went there tonight for the 35 cent wings on Monday night. Waited 5 minutes before the lazy waitress decided to come greet me. Placed my order right away as I could tell how often I would see her again. Just got 2 dozen wings. ....... 45MINS LATER my wings show up. Not exaggerating at all. NEWSFLASH- Wings take 8mins in the fryer...why would I have to wait 45mins??? When they finally showed up I let her know Ill just take them to go since Im out of time. She didn't seem to care at all I was clearly upset. Also NOT ONE TIME did she refill my drink...not one time. And to top of the whole fun experience I get the check to find out they have stopped the wings deal on Monday. Its sad cause I used to go here with all my friends every Monday and this place had good waitresses who cared but like I said earlier these people now don't care one bit. NEVER AGAIN. Thank Jackie for the great experience and hope you can find another dump hole to work in 6 months when this place is closed.
4	Apparently this is NOW one of our local pubs! Sort of hidden in a strip mall. Its very large inside and had some nice sounding food special although we didn't eat. Awesome 4 Peaks Kiltlifter on draft and $3.50 Fireball Fridays! Great service from the bartender, serving drinks with a smile!
3	The burger is not that good  it is a frozen patty "charbroiled" to a nice grey color with decent spices. DO NOT go looking for a flame grilled hand pattied medium rare burger, This is not it. The place is cool, the service was good. I have a feeling the food is second to the drinks.
4	Cant beat $1.25 tacos & cheese enchiladas, half price Mexican appetizers and $2.00 margaritas on Tuesdays!!
1	Hmmmmmmm when u walk in there's a mold smell. There is a one stall bathtoom for a pretty big bar. I find that weird.  They claim to have happy hour special which is a quarter off . Seriously ? Why bother ? Seems like alot of regulars come to this barm we r only stopped by cause we r going nto movies next door.  Let me say this place has the saddest rueben I have ever saw !!! See photo. My husband order ordered chicken wings he liked the sauce. We appear to be the only one in the place eating food. The waitress was super nice.  Thanks fpr paying attention dawn .
1	Friday night, pretty busy, bar somewhat busy and the bartender (attractive, female, brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back..
