4	When getting pizza in South Oakland, it's always either Antoon's or Sorento's, right? Not really.While the five dollar pies have their appeal, sometimes you want a pizza that doesn't smell like vomit. And, when you're drunk, what's another two dollars for the college special at Papa Da Vinci?I've been a fan for just about a year now, and visit frequently to grab a college special pizza (comes with a free huge drink, and a to-die-for home-made ranch dipping sauce)... or a sub (the Texas Roadhouse chicken is my personal favorite), or even a salad (served Pittsburgh style with fries mixed in). The cheesecake is a nice touch if you're looking for dessert, too.Though the pizza can definitely get a bit greasy, it's my favorite cheap pizza place around. Plus, the people who work there are definite characters and every delivery is met with laughter and friendliness.If you're looking for top quality Oakland pizza, try Pizza Sola--but if you're looking for tasty cheap pizza done the right way, Papa Da Vinci should be on your list.
2	Decent food, but abysmal service.Pizza is a slight upgrade over Antoon's/Sorrento's. If you want gourmet pizza this isn't the place, but it suffices when you're intoxicated by your drug of choice.Sandwiches are great, they have some pretty unique and satisfying offerings on the menu. Calzones and the like are average for the price. Fries are well-seasoned and fresh cut, and I think they'd be great if I ever ate in. I've only eaten them through delivery, so they've always showed up soggy and cold. Service, however, is just awful. Every time I've called the place to check on the status of my order I've been given a lot of attitude. The drivers are no better, they often complain about how little of a tip you've given them (I think 15% is plenty for bad service) or how long they've had to wait outside (not my problem you didn't call when you were here and didn't ring the bell). I've had food delivered after 70 minutes when the estimated delivery time was 30. Orders are often entirely forgotten.Skip everything but the sandwiches here. There is better food to be had in Oakland with substantially better service. If you want a sandwich, pick it up. Learn from my experience: do not get delivery unless you want a headache.
3	It seems about what you would expect from the prices-- simple, no-frills, somewhat-greasy pizza. I also ordered some buffalo wings, and although they had a fair amount of meat, the sauce wasn't very good.
2	They very recently changed their pizza recipe. The new kind is less greasy, but it doesn't taste as good.Also, I tried one of their buffalo chicken salads for the first time. Pittsburgh has a unique style of salad which includes french fries and breaded chicken- a lot of restaurants do this- and that is what Papa Da Vinci's tried to emulate... They do a truly horrible job of it, though. The lettuce was literally dripping wet, as if someone just rinsed off a bunch of lettuce and stuck it in the container without drying it. On top of that, they had shredded bits of chicken meat (no breading) and then some other toppings, including cheese and some "buffalo fries" (flat fries cut sort of like thick potato chips). It was hard to choke it down due to the sogginess. The fries were disgusting because many of them were soaked through. It was just... You know, I don't even want to talk about it anymore. It was bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.I'll probably still order from here occasionally since they're dirt cheap, but I'm definitely never getting a salad again!
4	When I first reviewed this establishment in 2010, it was a hole in the wall. Solid drunk food, solid hoagies, and the don't-give-a-care attitude that made sure you knew you were eating at a pizza place in South Oakland.It still has solid drunk food. It still has solid hoagies. The Texas Roadhouse Chicken tastes even better. The ranch dipping sauce is everything I love devouring.However, after a few months of remodeling, there's no longer an immediate view of the kitchen as you walk in--I'm not tripping over a fan that's inexplicably on full force in the dead of winter, there's no uncomfortable neon green wall greeting me next to the cashier, and I don't feel uncomfortable choosing between the two booths and one table inconveniently placed (not literally) on top of each other.Papa Da Vinci's is all new, remodeled, and beautiful. Deep red walls, added space, tall black tables, bar stools, and--yes--a full bar has been promised within the next few months. Personally, I can't wait to walk in, grab my Texas Roadhouse Chicken sub, and down it with a Yueng. Sweet.
2	This wasn't the worst pizza I've ever had, but when you find a hair in your pizza, and it's room temperature, AND it takes forever to get to your hotel, then it gets a "meh, i've had better" rating.   I did like the sweet tea, though, but the ice melted in it and watered it down. The plastic forks were dirty and my strawberry cheesecake was still frozen. Blah.
3	OK food.I would probally get a pizza some other time.
2	Ordered off of Grubhub at 12:30am because I was hungry and didn't want to speak with anyone.  I wouldn't do it again.I got a buffalo chicken calzone & a chicken gyro.  (Don't judge me, it was a long day or drinking.)The gyro was dry but the sauce was good.  The buffalo chicken was lacking in buffalo, and there was way too much ricotta and not enough mozzarella.  Their marinara is wayyyy too sweet for me.  There could be better things on the menu, but at 1am, half drunk, I was still relatively disappointed in my choice.  In college I once dropped a piece of pizza cheese-side down on a grimy floor...and 5 second role still prevailed.  Being drunk and getting this food unfortunately was less satisfying than floor-pizza.  Next time I'll pick up the phone & call Ephesus.
1	I would give it less than one star if I could. I just ordered online through Grubhub. The order took over 75 minutes to arrive. When it arrived it was incorrect. I wrote specifically not to put mushroom, yet my pizza came with mushroom. I ordered tiramisu, what I got is white-ish custard-like thing in a small bawl. The buffalo fries was saggy. The coke was not in a can or bottle, but a cup that is leaking on top. On top of all this, the pizza was not even cut and there is no plastic knife or spoon with food. I literally had to cut it with my fingers (I am at a hotel with no restaurant). What a waste of money. The 34 dollars I spent on this could have gotten me a decent, clean AND CUT pizza from Domino's. Do not waste your money here!
1	This food was g-ross.  We got a meatball sub (cold - no sauce, salty, minimal meat -- meatballs sliced in half) that was dry and tasted bad as opposed to the preferable option of tasteless.the Chicken Ranchero was a mess of mushroom, no lettuce, tomato, ranch or bacon.  AND, it had sweet peppers on it.  In short, it was the wrong sub!  Ordered online, so I don't know how they got the wrong order.YIKES -- do not order from here.  This place makes Subway look like a five-star restaurant.  Go there instead -- eat fresh.AND -- we just found out they sent us the wrong sub!  Instead of rectifying it, the manager hung up on us, stating they "didn't have time to deal with it"!  Probably because of all the other wrong orders!!
2	i only ordered once from here on a sunday night at about 830i live literally about a 2 min walk from the restaurant but was drunk watching the steelers game and wanted something other then pizza. I ordered online and after about an hour and 15 min i finally decided to call and say hey..wheres my food at? keep in mind im a very low maintenance food eater when it  comes to eating out  but...75 min is pretty ridiculous seeing as i could walk there in about 5. never the less...the guy said it was a busy night and my driver was out with my food and he had about 6 orders total...( why he wouldnt deliver to the address closest first is beyond me but o well) he wasnt rude and seemed like a college kid who sorta gave a crap. my food arived about 80 minutes after i ordered and the delivery guy was pretty nice and even apoligized for the wait. the food was hot but the fries and garlic bread were literally drenched and soggy...all in all this is a place that if you are drunk late at night its good, decent prices and decent food. if you are looking for some actual italian food you are better off going to a freakin olive garden and thats not saying much...as well...with my meal i opted out of the side salad but got one anyways...which isnt an issue..but that says something about them paying attention to order details
1	Horrible first and only experience. My burger had a hair in it on top of it being extremely dry and bland. The lettuce from the salad was also not very fresh with many brownish leaves.
1	After reading the reviews on Papa Da Vinici, and only living about 5 minutes away, we decided to try it out. With all the rain we were getting, we didn't really feel like cooking, so we ordered a large pizza with extra cheese and pepperoni and 6 wings. Estimated delivery time was about an hour, which we were ok with, seeing as how a lot of people were probably ordering due to the storm. What we did not expect, however, was for our pizza and wings to be ice cold when they arrived a half an hour late. We did not expect the wings to have sauce simply poured over them in the container instead of tossed as most places do. The pizza crust was so thin that it could barely hold the toppings. The sauce was pretty much non existent and the "extra" cheese looked pretty lacking. It scares me to see what a "normal" cheese pizza would look like. There was a good amount of pepperoni, however. The wings were a soggy mess, with very little flavor and the "hot sauce" was more of a sweet gelatin gloop than it was hot, with the heat coming from the extreme amount of pepper flake in it. Overall, I was extremely dissatisfied with the service, food and overall quality of our meal. The highlight of our meal was the large tin of popcorn that arrived via UPS while eating dinner.
5	Dear Papa Da Vinci,I love your pizza. I love your dippy sauce. I love your staff, even when they sometimes forget to check their fax machine for paper and don't realize that we have sent in an online order (and I love them even more for the extra-cheesey pizza we got after they apologized for the mistake!). I love your bartender, who takes care of us while we wait for our pizza on our way home from the karaoke bar. Your pizza makes my tummy happy.love,Fox.Seriously, I think the way we found this place was by searching on CampusFood for pizza places that serve dippy sauce, and then just fell lin love. (I'm not even making that up.) It was Papa Da Vinci or Papa John's. I think you know which Papa we prefer.Solid amount of cheese, not too much sauce, very generous on the toppings, and oh, the garlicky ranchy dippy sauce! I think what makes Papa Da Vinci's near the top of my delivery list is that blend of thin pizza 'body' (the part where the topppings are), and thick, juicy, puffy crust (all the better for dipping!).They're fast, even though we're in Squirrel Hill and they're in Oakland, and (sorry, Larry & Carol's) open super late. You can close the bar and STILL get pizza before bed! (Which, since St. James' kitchen is on the fritz, we do a lot these days.)Other highlights: Italian hoagies are meaty and delicious (they come with Italian dippy sauce on the side), and the cheese sticks are perfectly breaded. The buffalo fries are amazing, and a single order never seems to be enough.For some odd reason, their pizza isn't very good cold the next day (come on now, I know I'm not the only girl out there eating cold lunch pizza!), but it heats up almost as good as new. I try to keep this in mind when ordering, but most of the time, we end up eating the whole order in one sitting anyway. For us, Papa Da Vinci is our favorite 'everyone's coming over to play video games' pizza, our favorite 'it's the middle of the night and we're starving' pizza, and our favorite 'good lord this hangover just won't go away' pizza.
4	I'd summarize my feelings about this place like thus: eating their stuff is a decision that looks best after a night of bad decisions.The best in the Burgh this is not, but I would describe it as Grade-A hangover food. The pizza heats up well, they're open until 3am, and they deliver in a wider range than most. I also enjoy their burgers, which soak up a bellyful of whiskey like none other.The actual location is kind of strange; it's a tiny dive bar loaded with fratty college kids, which I'd never have expected based on their stoner-ish pizza-making -- so while I'll never go there, I certainly will be ordering from them again. Most likely after an evening of spirits-induced inhibition lowering.
1	After a five hour drive back to Pittsburgh from Philly, the Partner In Cuisine (PIC) and I were looking for someone to just bring food to our door.  I stumbled across the Papa Da Vinci menu and saw that they had won some Trib. reader's choice award two years in a row so decided to give it a go and jumped on their website to order.  I was a bit confused when the front page advertises "fast and free delivery," but when you go to the order page, it says there's a $1.00 fee, but I decided to press on despite the blatant false advertising.  That said, I should have just stopped ordering at that point, but we were hungry.Anyway, we decided to go with a combo consisting of a 'large' 14" pizza with sausage and a whole Da Vinci Supreme hoagie.  The sausage on the pizza was bland and the dough was undercooked, making for quite a floppy, tasteless pizza.  Additionally, there was hardly any meat on the hoagie and the bread was barely toasted.  Both the pizza and the hoagie were HUGE disappointments so between that and the crappy sales tactic of offering free delivery and then charging for it anyway, we will not be purchasing any food from there in the future.
1	I'd give this place two stars (tops) on taste alone (both the pizza and hoagies are kind of bland and taste more like bread than anything else), but the false advertising was enough to turn the doughy taste in my mouth into a sour one.  Ignoring some unbelievably non-mainstream usage of the word "large" to describe a fairly small pizza, charging extra money for "Fast & Free Delivery" is the kind of sketchy move that will ensure I never become a repeat customer.
1	Papa D's used to be a move local pizza joint. Ever since they put in the bar they have been going down in quality. My past two orders have been ridiculous. The first, we ordered three pizzas, one pepperoni, one mushroom and one bacon/pineapple. When we went to get the pizzas they had all the toppings on one pizza and two plains. They refused to make new pizzas or give us any money off for our messed up order. We decided to give them one more chance and ordered a sub for dinner. We picked up the sub and when we got home we realized it was the wrong sub from what we had ordered. I called to see if they would make us the correct sandwich, and they answered only if we brought back the incorrect sandwich, again not offering any money back or any free items. If you are looking for a good pizza place that will give you your correct order in a timely fashion I suggest you go anywhere else. The college specials may seem enticing, but it's not worth the struggle you have to go through to get your correct order. Other friends have similar stories about how it has taken over an hour and half to get a plain pizza.
1	If there was a 0 star I'd give themHorrible servicePizza was all messed up in the boxCalled and complain They gave me a new one looked nice but tasted nastyWings are ok..
5	In Pittsburgh there's a ton of pizza places, but Papa D's is by FAR the best. The drinks are cheap and the food is awesome. I would willingly sell my left arm for their famous tomato anchovy apple pie with a scoop of homemade limoncello ice cream. If you've never had it before, you're not a true yinzer. And there's this one bartender named Angie (or Angela?) that  makes my drinks strong, and speaks absolutely immaculate Korean.  Seriously, go in just to have a conversation with her in Korean, she loves it. Highly recommended!
1	The most despicable display of food I can recall. Ordered delivery from GrubHub. The fries appeared dirty, like the oil hadn't been cleaned in quite a while.  Similarly the chicken wings smelled "off" and the pizza was under baked and had remnants of blackened particles on the bottom (clearly not from being burned since it wasn't fully cooked). When we called Grubhub to rectify the situation the customer service representative who spoke to them indicated that they where hostile to our report and refused to come back and pick up the food or issue a full refund. They did acquiesce to refund us for the french fries. Overall this is the first and last time I will be ordering from this restaurant.
