5	Abe's personality is the shiniest thing in here (not the shoes). He is a real character and an honest man. Abe has been doing business at this location for about 20-years. He is not the fastest shoe-guy around, but his skills are well worth the wait. If you pester him, he will talk about celebrities shoes that he has repaired over the years.Abe fixes all kinds of other leather products too (bags, jackets, belts...).Go Abe!!!
5	Sorry to report that Abe passed away last week :(
1	As mentioned, Abe is no longer there...and that's too bad.  I will never take my shoes here again.  They are disorganized and have very poor customer service.  Here is what happened:I took three pairs of shoes in for repairs.  I went back two weeks later, after they said the shoes would be ready.  I picked up two pairs.  I had to wait about 15 minutes for the second pair because they did not shine them like they were suppose to.  Furthermore, they could not find my third pair of shoes.  The guy who runs the place now (a short middle aged hispanic man)  told me he would look for it and get back to me.  He said he had to speak with the person who took my shoes in when I first brought them.  A week passed and he did not call me when he said he would.  I called them.  They still had not located my shoes.  Again, the guy who runs the place told me he would look for them and give me a call back.  Another week passed and again, I never got a call.  So, again, I called them.  Still no shoes.  I told him that he needed to do something about the fact that they could not find my shoes.  That I was tired of waiting. Four weeks had passed since I had dropped off my shoes.  He asked how much my shoes were, if I had a receipt, and what brand.  I told him that I didn't have a receipt and that I did not know the brand.  Who still has a receipt for a pair of shoes they bought a year ago?  And I don't pay attention to name brands.  I just buy what I like.  However I did know that I paid about $100 for the shoes.  After I told him this, again, he said he would call me back in a couple of days. Again, he never called me and I had to call him.  He told me he would only compensate me $30 for the pair of shoes that they lost, citing some "law" stating that without a receipt he only had to compensate customers for 25-50% of the cost of the shoes.  I asked him what "law" he was speaking of and he didn't say.  I told him I would speak to an attorney to get some information about my rights and that I would get back to him.  BTW:  If you are an ASU student, you can get free legal advice.  About 10 minutes after that last conversation, I get a call from the same guy I had been speaking with the whole time, and guess what?  They found my shoes.  I went to pick them up the same day.  I was happy they found my shoes.  However, I was also upset at the way they handled the whole situation.  The guy who runs this place now never called me when he said he would, kept telling me he would look for my shoes, only offered me $30 as compensation, never apologized or felt bad for loosing/misplacing my shoes and putting me through what he did, and I did not get my shoes back till more than a month later after threatening legal action. I would not recommend this business to anyone.
1	Abe was absolutely a sweetheart.  He will be missed.   It's unforunate however that this new guy (shorty) got Abe's store and is keeping the name.   It's like the store was called Good Guy and a creep brought it and kept the name!  Anyway, I asked him to fix a strap on 'a' shoe, he said he would but needed my full name, phone number and address!! FOR WHAT? FOR WHAT? to fix A shoe!  Puuuulease!  He said something about THAT was the law.  He HAS to have all of that info to fix 'A' shoe!?I don't like him and all the 100's of years I've been getting my shoes fixed I've never had to give up my personal information for a shoe repair.  He should change the store's name to his - Creepy's!
5	Luis at Abe's did a FANTASTIC job on my shoes! They hadn't been cleaned or conditioned in over two years and he made them look brand new! Great customer service, a great job, and great prices! I will definitely recommend this place to my friends. I'm going to get all my shoes repaired and cleaned at Abe's from now on because of the great quality of their service. I have some rather expensive shoes, but I know Luis will take great care of them!
5	Now that I've discovered this place, I'll be going back time and time again!I went to Abe's last month when my handy dandy leather thong sandal (the left one) had a total meltdown and the thong portion ripped completely out of the bed of the sandal. I bought the sandals for $40 so I figured it would be worth it to get ole lefty fixed! And wow I was right! Luis gave me an estimate over the phone and then, when he saw how bad the interior damage (not to mention the exterior damage) was, he called again to make sure I knew how much everything would cost and what he would be doing to repair the damage. I think it came to around $10--to gut the interior of the sandal, replace it, replace a lot of the thong portion, replace the bindings and the fabric, and to make it look as amazing and as put together as it does. It honestly looks better than my other sandal. I am beyond impressed! And I KNOW this sandal, will last!Plus, Luis put up with me accidentally calling them 4 times in a row! What a guy!I'm headed in later this week to have some more sling put into my slingbacks (I thought they were out of commission) and I'm really excited to see what they can do!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------***Recap****Pros:*Knowledgable* Friendly* Affordable (they even have discounts...use cash)* Reputable Cons* Busy--because they're awesome so plan ahead if it's a big job(be grateful that they're honest and they give you a realistic estimate as to how long things will take and that they don't just take everyone's shoes, say it'll be 2 days and then take 1 month to get it done)
5	I went in with three pairs of shoes and a purse,  The gentlemen repaired the purse for free.  I picked up the three pairs of shoes today and he did a great job and got them to me ahead of time, a day early.  I will be bringing in my other shoes for repair.
1	I had hopes for this place even with Abe's passing, but my experience did not prove to be a good one at all. My hubby dropped my shoes off on a Wednesday to have them re-sized. Guy 1 was apparently working that day, and mentioned he would stretch the strap to fit the shoes correctly. We had no idea why this would work since I wanted the shoes smaller vs. bigger, but whatever, that's not even the weirdest part of the matter. He tells me to come back in on the following Saturday to be fitted. I arrive there and Guy 1 is not working. It is guy 2 who seems nice enough, but alas, he can't even find my shoes. These guys work in the same place and don't communicate with each other whatsoever. I'm slightly irritated at this point; where are my shoes, and what have you done with them? Guy 2 had no idea what was going on... So, guy 2 tells me to come back AGAIN on Tuesday. I arrive, and Guy 1 is indeed working. Upon walking into the store my shoes are on a shelf thing with a bunch of other shoes, so I grab my box and approach the counter to figure out what to do about re-sizing them. Guy 1 is incredulous when he realizes "my shoes were just over there," because other guy apparently shouldn't have put them there. I ask him why he and other guy don't talk to keep track of things, like make notes, etc., since they work with the same customers in the same place. He gets irritated and says something about how it doesn't matter. Then, he keeps insisting that I was the one he spoke with originally, because that somehow has meaning for him. I keep telling him, no, that he spoke with my hubby. After awhile he accepts that and says with attitude, "Oh, so you guys don't talk to each other?" What an idiot attempt at an analogy. Anyway, I reiterate to Guy 1 what someone told us the first time we tried Abe's Shoe Repair about my pair of shoes, that we need to "stretch the strap in order to shrink the shoe size." Guy 1 is incredulous again and invalidates his initial statements of how to fix the shoe, after I reiterate what guy 2 told us they would do. Eventually, I try the shoes on for him and he says he can't fix the shoe since it is way too big and adding extra holes would fray the shoe. He said I needed to go buy another pair of shoes. Really, Guy 1? Is this is your little pearl of wisdom after you guys lost my shoes for over a week and don't attempt to communicate with one another about fixing my shoes? Sad to say, this business most probably had wonderful potential prior to Abe's passing, but it is not the same anymore. They will lose your shoes then leave them next to the door for easy theft, and won't be able to accomplish simple tasks like applying cotton canvas adhesive and adding additional strap punctures to your shoe. Guy 2 will be clueless (although quite nice), Guy 1 will be very rude and his word on good business will be uncouth. Sorry Abe's Shoe Repair, but I will NOT be coming back for your bad business.
1	When Abe was alive this was the only place any of my family went to for shoe repair. Now we all go to Artisans Shoe Repair on Alma School, just north of Warner. The man who runs Abe's now is snotty, stingy and dishonest enough to charge sales tax on labor.The last time I was in there, as I gave him my purse to have a strap fixed, I noticed that the purse had a smudge on one side. I said something like, "Oh and you probably clean the outside or polish it or something?" He said that would cost me X amount, because he didn't work for free.  His response was so curt  and defensive that I was taken off guard. Before I could respond, he added, "Go home and wipe it down yourself!" At that point, I should've taken my purse and left.When I came back to pick it, I saw that he charged me sales tax. I told him that no sales tax is to be charged on labor. He flew off the handle and started ranting about the government charging all these taxes and that it's not his fault and that I should go talk to the mayor if I had a complaint, bla, bla, bla.  Well I did better than that. I called the Arizona Department of Revenue and confirmed that he absolutely should not be charging tax on labor in his shop. Who knows how much money he's stolen from his customers over the years by dishonestly charging them tax? He doesn't deserve anybody's business.
1	Completely rude. Will never go back.  Was asking for advice on what to do with my shoe repair. He cut me off and when I questioned how long it would take to put insoles in he was offended and told me to go somewhere else!  Gladly.
1	I used Abe's shoe repair in the past and was very pleased with the service. However, I will never use this service again. The guy running the business now should not be allowed to even use the name Abe's, as this was once a very professional business. The guy was very rude and projected and attitude that it was a privilege for me to do business with him. He was one week late on the dye job and it did not turn out to my expectations. I can see this place closing due to lack of customers because the guy running it is clueless when it comes to interacting with customers. No  business skills at all. I even had to wait for 20 minutes because he did not open on time.
1	I highly recommend that you take your shoe repairs elsewhere.  I am absolutely baffled at how unpleasant the customer service was.  Like the other reviews had mentioned they are very disorganized, and COMPLETELY rude. Its sad that people can actually run a business this way.
5	I recently went in after I was unable to receive any help from East Valley Uniforms regarding the interior crumpling of the shoe box in my 5.11 ankle boots.  Luis was very professional, honest, and had a great attitude toward the issue.  Within 1 week the boot was fixed and as an additional bonus, it was widened to better fit my boot sized.  Because of his efforts - I saved roughly over $180.00. ($90.00 for the throwing away the boots + another $90.00 for purchasing another pair)  I would recommend Abe's shoe repair to anyone seeking a professional & most importantly, an honest repair shoe shop where transparency is forthright on expected outcomes.I'm unsure why the other reviews are hammering down on Luis, he was very organized and had all his ducks in a row when dealing with the transaction.
1	Abe is truly missed. He always gave great customer service. The short jerk who took over is giving this place a bad name. Super rude and does crappy work.
1	I will never use their shoe repair services again.   I brought several pairs of shoes in to be retipped.    This is only the first or second time I have worn one of the pairs since picking them up a few weeks ago.   Both tips fell out before noon.   I just ran over there to see if they could quickly fix them and I was accused of lying! Hummmm, great customer service.   He did offer for me to leave them and I would be charged another $10!
1	We just left a "Laurel & Hardy" comedy show at Abe's Shoe Repair! He told my wife that her brand new GUCCI and YSL Boots along with other designer shoes were made cheap and GUCCI and YSL are just ripping people off? The receipt roll wasn't working for printing out the claim ticket and he tried to talk us into leaving $5,000 worth of shoes claiming they were, "good as gold" at this dump truck shoe repair shop! Listen Yelpers, this guy is rude and attempted to rip our shoes off! DO YOURSELF A FAVOR, DO NOT TRUST THESE GUYS, IT'S THE BIGGEST NO BRAINER IN THE HISTORY OF MANKIND! Read the reviews! If you want to enjoy a "Laurel & Hardy" comedy show at Abe's Shoe Repair check'em out! RUDE AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
