3	We would go here pretty frequently for work lunches.  Maybe it is the close proximity to the other (better) places near the Chandler Mall, but it always seemed to be half empty at lunchtime.  The crazy part was - as bored as the waitresses/kitchen had to be with only 4-5 parties in the whole restaurant, the food still seemed to come out kind of lukewarm and drink refills were pretty hard to come by. +2 stars for the fact that there was always ample seating available on the patio, which is a pretty nice place to be during the spring/fall.
5	We just got back from a great dinner at Pasta P (new nickname I see). I had really slow service almost a year ago and hadnt been back since. This year we've already been twice and both times, the service has been right on point, the wine list well suited my "no sommelier here" taste. We both ate the special, ( I know, Italian cardinal rule #1 was broken. No one orders the same thing so everyone can "taste" something new or different) Linguine with Fresh Dungenous crab & fresh veggies. Yum yum yum. Service was quick, took away salad plate brought entree. Iced tea was so good I asked for a to-go cup (think thirstbuster size) $40 (with tip) for two specials, one salad, a water and major iced tea....not bad for a boring Tuesaday night.
4	I like this restaurant.  Since it is so small I am a little intimidated to bring my small children though.  The food is good and if you sign up for their online club you get coupons fairly frequently.
4	I don't know why I always thought this place was and Italian style "Chipotle" counter service place.I was WAY OFF and I was really pleased with what it was instead,A quaint modern space with a jazzy vibe, that was comfortable and appealing with full waiter service.Delicious sounding menu with very reasonable prices and great lunch specials.To start we were served some bread with a very fresh basil pesto dipping sauce that was just delicious.I ordered the Healthy Fish from the Lunch menu which was Linguine with salmon, asparagus,tomato and basil that was low in fat and butter, included was either minestrone soup or mixed green salad for $8.95. I chose the soup, it was so  so good and when my pasts arrived steaming hot it tasted even better than I thought it would, perfectly cooked pasta, thin and tender baby asparagus pieces and succulent chunks of salmon mixed throughout. It was the perfect amount of food and I loved every bite.(see pics)My guest ordered the spinach and ricotta ravioli, lunch portion was only $5.75, it did not come with soup or salad though. It was also very tasty and fresh, another perfect portion size as well. (see pics)For dessert we ordered the ricotta mascarpone cheesecake with amaretto biscotti crust and pine nuts with whip cream and berries (see pics)It was good but not as good as It sounded, maybe we didn't get a fresh piece or maybe that's the way  ricotta mascarpone cheesecake is supposed to be....the the taste wasn't bad but the texture was thick and hard and a bit dry.Overall great place     -1 star for the cheesecake
5	I really Love this place!I stopped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. The Ravioli di Zucca Appetizer (see pics) which is:roasted butternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown butter,sage and crumbled amaretti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect appetizer to share , it's available in two sizes I got the small one.The sweetness from the crumbled amaretti is a very nice touch.I ordered the Healthy Fish again (see pics) and once again it was perfect!My guest ordered the Penne Salsiccia (see pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino cheese! The sausage was really good and for just $5 you can't beat that!
3	Long time no yelp... so, I'm picky when it comes to Italian food and not a big fan of chain restaurants either. But this place is always GOOD. Took a date there Saturday night, I had the special risotto w/ clams, shrimp- very tasty. Also the Ravioli di Zucca (ravioli with brown sugar and parmesan) was a great starting appetizer. The only bad things about the night was the baby screaming a few tables down from us, oh... and the date. lol.
4	I pass this place all the time. I live practically across the street. It never dawned on me to go... until one fateful night when an intense pasta craving (read: I don't feel like making pasta craving) came over me. After a swift mafia- style u-turn into the parking lot, the hubski and  arrived at Pasta Pomodoro.We were seated outside. The weather was nice. Something was missing. I looked across the parking lot and saw My Big Fat Greek Restaurant- a place carrying a scathing review from yours truly. It hit me. We were sitting outside and there was a major lack of cockroach. I know they are not supposed to inhabit restaurants, even the outside areas, but after my experience at MBFGR, I figured the area had a veritable infestation, Brooklyn-style. Not so. We didn't see one.We did, however, see a cute little kitten running through the bushes. Not begging for food. Just being cute. Awwwww.I ordered the ravioli di magro with pomodoro sauce- not a fan of gorgonzola, but it was an option. Tasty. It was perfectly al dente. Hubski had the fettuccine alfredo. That was lighter than most I have tried and it was tasty. One time, in NYC, I tried a fettuccine alfredo which was made at the table with steaming pasta in a gigantic wheel of cheese. It wasn't as good as that, but almost.We'll go back- especially for the bellinis. If you don't know what a bellini is, drop everything right now and go to Pasta Pomodoro.
5	What a tragedy this place closed. There was no better place to go for Spag' and meatballs.
4	Very sad day......they had the best Tortellini.....Rest in peace Pasta Pomodoro
