2	Not impressed at all by this hotel. My first room smelled like garbage and I had to move. My key stopped working several times, leading me to calling the front desk in a fit of rage from my cell phone. The price was pretty good and the pool was nice. But I would not stay here again.
2	I love the Holiday Inn brand, but I'd avoid this particular hotel in the future. Nobody seems very happy to be working there. I'd gotten a bottle of water on check-in because I'm a platinum Priority Club member. I lost the cap and asked for a new bottle at the registration desk as I needed to leave to deliver a presentation. The staff member at the desk got rather huffy about it. Instead of getting one from the back room, she called another department and asked to have one delivered to the front. After 10 minutes, we gave up and had to leave. 100,000+ Priority Club points and a second bottle 17-oz. bottle of  water is apparently an unreasonable request.The room wasn't made up the first day by 4:30 in the afternoon - we had to call to request service. The mattress was the soft, ancient kind that bounces your bedmate if you make the slightest move. I visit Mesa for this conference annually and I'll be staying elsewhere next year.
3	Good service! The rooms are nice!
3	Our check in was perhaps the best part of our 3 night stay, Gracie was pleasant and answered our dining questions.  Our room was as expected, breakfast in the hotel restaurant was a train wreck, they were out of plates for the buffet,  several items were out or so low that I passed on plating some so that the woman behind me in line would have something to eat, sorry we didn't walk to the Waffle House which is just down the street.  We had a special request for extra bedding that was promptly attended to by a pleasant housekeeper.  We booked this as part of a package with Allegiant Air, and would likely find a different hotel closer to more restaurants.
5	I really loved this hotel! It was clean and I got an amazing deal on Hotwire. My favorite part was that it had a balcony on every room!!! Also, the pool was awesome!
1	We had a family emergency in phoenix. I have always used Holiday Inn for my travel lodging since I travel for business so much. I am one of their preferred platinum members and over the course of the past year I have accumulated a lot of reward points. I figured that I would use my reward for one night free while staying in phoenix this time to off set some additional expenses we might have. I arrived late that night to check in, I am told that the only suite left is on the second floor so I take this. I was told that my room was around the back ( second bldg closest the the  free way. I pull around into the parking which was packed, parked rather far from the door and began my search for my room ( no maps avail or offered) I look at the building and it is shaped like the letter U. Hmmm. Second bldg closest the the free way would mean in the middle. After searching for a bit I concluded that I was given the wrong directions. It was in fact the last bldg (next to the hwy ) and the room was on the interior wall of that bldg. Ok so now I am a bit annoyed. I go back out for the rest of my luggage and receive a phone call while getting my things out of the car. The phone call was from a family member reporting on the emergency we were having. While I am on the phone two security people decide it wise to approach my vehicle and insist that I roll down the window and tell them if I am a hotel guest and if so which room am I in. ( I guess the lugage in the back wasn't a clue enough nor the fact that I was upset with a phone to my ear. After concluding the call I take the rest of my luggage in. I might add that the entrence to my room involved an exterior entrance gate ( with broken handle) going down an external hall, waiting for the smallest elevator on earth to come down and finally arriving at my room. The interior of the room was "OLD" but clean. The doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement. The interior is not up to date which the standard Holiday Inn's that I have stayed at the past year. The only exception to this the bed which Is very comfortable. Drapes, furniture and room decor need updating to new Holiday Inn specs.The second day of our stay we returned to be locked out of our room. On check in I had used a reward for one night and paid for the second. OOPS someone forgot to tell me that I would have to "re check in"??? This was really handy with my husband arriving the next day waiting in front of the external gate, hands full of luggage trying to get in. We had to repack the car with his luggage and return to check in. WHen I asked " why wasn't I told this" the young man that checked me in the night before proceeded to argue that he had. I advised him this was not the case or I would have done this before I had left that morning. He still insisted he was right and I was wrong. Annoyed i proceeded to Re Check in. The lady which heard the entire conversation then proceeded to ask me again for ID and credit card even though the young man said he checked me in the night before, even though he told her that he knew who I was and what room I was in, even though I had two room keys and confirmed the room that they belonged to and even though my credit card was on file. Second morning, my husband gets up wondering where the paper is. As premier members we are supposed to receive a paper in the AM. He goes to the front desk to inquire. AT 7 AM in the morning on a Sunday he was told that they didn't have any and that he could run down to circle K to get one. THE WORST HOLIDAY INN EXPERIENCE EVER. THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR FAMILY EMERGENCY THAT MUCH MORE STRESSFUL.
1	We discovered after returning home that we left an item in the room. WE know exactly where it was when we left. After three phone calls to the hotel to see if it was turned in, we have given up. They claim there was nothing found. I rather expected this after our stay and after reading other reviews about others leaving items behind and them not being recovered. I resigned to replacing the item. Holiday inn did send me a survey which I filled out answering questions that reflect the same experience I shared here on Yelp. In my original review i forgot to mention that the wifi did not work either, just as others have stated in other reviews.
1	Don't stay here! The rooms are old, the door was falling off the hinges, light fixtures chipped, the bathroom calling leaked right over the toilet, there are cigarette butts all over the ground, the majority of the staff could careless you are a paying guest. The wifi occasionally worked. It was a very uncomfortable experience.
3	Big hotel=lots of people.Yes it can be noisy,but gets quiter when the sun goes down.Stay on a high floor and it should be no problem with pool noise.Nice big pool and spa but lots of kids.Clean and comfy and the staff was friendly and even gave me an upgrade to a suite for no extra charge,Never hurts to ask! Ill stay here again.Got it on priceline for cheap! Decent proximity to resteraunts.
2	I am staying here on business and got a good deal from Priceline. The hotel is nice and staff is very helpful. The restaurant on the other hand is horrible!!! I ordered the wedge salad, it consisted of some lettuce with a few pieces of bacon, not even close to a wedge and it was CRAP! Further, I ordered the calamari and this was 4 pieces of what was I think some seafood! And for dinner, the salmon. It was cooked well, but for 16.95 it was tiny piece of fish. Stay here, but eat elsewhere!!
4	We obtained this Holiday Inn through Hotwire, a "blind" service, so we didn't have a choice of specific hotels. But we felt we lucked out, and that the $66 price (plus taxes and fees) was a good value. Lots of convenient parking. Spacious, attractive lobby. Front desk people were friendly, and very helpful. All rooms are non-smoking and ours was spacious, clean, comfortable, and well lit. Bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was modern and roomy. The free internet was fast, reliable, and easy to log onto. It had a nice frig and microwave. Free in-room coffee maker w/coffee. The maids were really friendly, and really wanted to please us; an example: there was a pretty nasty tobacco smell in the hallway near us. When we told them about it, they immediately located the offending room (occupants had already checked out) and they took steps that nearly immediately killed the odor. Heavy smoking in a non-smoking room isn't something the hotel can control, but the staff really jumped to solve it.We didn't take advantage of the many other amenities here, however, the exercise room was large and seemed to have a lot of equipment. Nor did we use the business center nor the pool area which a lot of other reviewers have already commented on.We did have breakfast in their restaurant; originally, we were going to go out but when we looked at the menu in our room, the prices were probably about what we would have paid elsewhere. Not bad for a hotel restaurant. The food was very good (we both had the stuffed French toast). Julie, our waitress, was very friendly and outgoing with a great smile, and offered wonderful service. Even volunteered to add a coffee-to-go before we left, which we took her up on. So you should ask for her, for a fun breakfast experience. And she's pretty too, gotta add! They're open for other meals, but we left Mesa right after that.
5	Got a crazy deal on Hotwire for $60 per night, they let us check in super early and upgraded to a suite. Although the wifi was a little spotty in that building, I just ended up using it in the lobby. Nice pool area and 20 minutes from everything. I would stay here again!
5	My kids and I stayed at this hotel for the last weekend of the Renaissance Festival in March 2014. Kids eat free with a voucher from the front desk. Their breakfast buffet is an incredible spread, and you can make your own waffles. If you don't want the buffet, you can order off the menu. There's really no reason to go anywhere else- and we didn't. We took full advantage of the kids-eat-free policy. We went swimming both nights we were there; the pool is heated and lit all night. The ambiance was resort quality with large and small desert palms all over.  You can use it all night long if you wish. Really romantic and great for kids of all ages. The beds were comfortable and plenty relaxing for us. Ordered room service the last morning we were there- which they were very prompt, the food was warm and delicious. The whole hotel is immaculate. You couldn't get a better hotel. The bonus is the highway is right next to the hotel, so it's easy to get anywhere you want around Phoenix. We will stay here every time we visit Phoenix metro.
4	No offense, but I generally don't get too keyed about about Holiday Inns. They are fine. Respectable. The 'work horse' of the hotel world. Because of incredible service, I feel compelled to review. I stayed here for business, just one night, about a month ago. I didn't rent a car, because my customer was located (literally) across the street. A freak storm blew in and the weather had gotten a bit nasty. I was preparing myself for the walk (while across the street, it was several blocks down), when (after a call from the front desk) the Director of Sales, Jill - offered to drive me to my meeting in her (personal) car. I was totally blown away that she would take time out of her day to do this.The entire staff was awesome, and the hotel was very nice... updated and clean. I wouldn't hesitate for a minute to stay at the Holiday Inn Mesa again!Thanks all for the outstanding service and the comfortable stay!
2	This is supposed to be a non-smoking hotel, but they let guests smoke on the balconies. Second-hand smoke is sucked into the through-the-wall air conditioning units and  your room smells like smoke. There is nothing management can do except give you a free breakfast, if you complain. Sad.
