1	Ok, So I have lived here for almost a year...and am not renewing my lease for what I pay here I could get a nice house or town-home in the same area. I liked the area though and did not realize all the problems I would have upon moving in. My Sales Associate lied to me. I asked pretty specific questions upon moving in.  Upon moving in...I was told my Apartment was going to be a 3 bedroom on the third floor with new carpet...and paint...well when it came time to move in the apartment I was suppose to get was not ready, I had no choice because I had already vacated my last place...so they put me in another apartment, with stained carpet, shitty paint and tile and it still had furniture in it from the last tenant...and stuff in the drawers and cabinets...it had not even been cleaned and it was on the 2nd floor.How much is the average electric bill I asked...they said no more then $200 in summer...mine has been closer to $300...nearly twice as much as what I was paying before I moved here for the same size unit. I asked how sound proof are the walls, am I going to be able to hear my neighbors...I live on the middle floor. They said I wouldn't it is a quiet complex, LIE...first night the people above me sounded like they were having a zumba class.  If you fart to loud your neighbors will probably complain...and the office will give you a ten day notice for farting to loud.They failed to mention that the pet rent was a monthly charge not a one time fee. And this place is definitely not pet friendly, if you own a dog, and if that dog barks, don't live here...they will try to evict you every week for that one.  You will get notices for everything.They also did not explain that I would have to pay for water every month, which took them three months just to mail it to me. So your rent changes every month...it is never the same amount. Um...you pay the landlord the water bill not the water company...sound fishy!This place sucks on all levels, the pictures do not do it justice, the apartments are old, the kitchen cabinets are 1990's, the fountain and grass are all gone, filled in with rocks and dirt. They landscaping sucks. Pool is ghetto, You can only get sun before 4pm otherwise it is blocked out by the buildings. And it is small, it is usually hoarded by fat people and screaming kids. And if anything breaks...it will take maintenance months to fix...because they never show up on time. The management office is a joke, no one is there to help you, they look at you like your a problem, I live in the biggest apartment they have and pay the most rent and pay on time...you think they would try to take care of a tenant like me...instead I get harassed.Worst Apartment complex ever.  Do not move in here. Move anywhere but here.
1	I first moved out here from across country back in May 2011. When I first arrived the apartment had new carpet and linoleum. The overall appearance of the apartment was ok aside from the stains in the bathtub and the counters seemed to literally becoming unglued in both the bathroom and kitchen. The living room ceiling fan did not work so I called maintenance and they came out promptly. I forgot my debit card on my end table and while they were in my apartment and I was at work and the guy (who was also the maintenance manager) decided to steal my card and also make purchases until my card was at zero balance. (There was only about $25 on it at the time but imagine if I had more). Of course the office manager at the time, Diane, denied up and down and that her guys "would never do such a thing" the fact remains that they were there and it was gone. I guess it magically grew legs and walked out of my apartment and the fraudulent charges that I had to get reversed were a figment of my imagination.Needless to say they did the job half fast and didn't even fix the fan. The guy simply hooked it up so that I could turn it off and on with the light switch but I still could not change the speed. He was supposed to come back but never did. A month later I called the office inquiring about my fan and then I scheduled an appointment for the guy to come out and he replaced my fan. I don't know why this wasn't done to begin with. This guy was supposedly the maintenance manager!Thank GOD sh it for brains Vicki is no longer there. I did not want anyone in my apartment if I was not there and she gave them consent to enter my apartment. Everything this woman touched was wrong. She screwed up my move in papers multiple times. I told her multiple times I wanted the first two months rent included in the move in cost so I wouldn't have to worry about next months rent. Apparently to her a dog on the application is merely a suggestion she didn't realize I would be bringing a dog. What did she think? That I just put my dog on there for kicks and giggles?I swear Diane ripped me off. I'm not sure how she came up with the total that she came up with. I should have ONLY owed the $300 in pet deposits and two months of pet rent yet the number she was coming up with was at least $100 more. (I can't remember exact pricing since it has been almost two years.) Regardless, I do not feel that I should be responsible for their mistakes and should not have been held accountable but it is what it is.They shut down the pool in August OF ALL TIMES!! The hottest, crappiest time of the year. It took them two weeks to even do anything. Then it took like a month for them to re-plaster. The pool sat there forever with the old plaster scrapped out and the new brown tile there. They didn't even take out the blue tile in the jacuzzi so now the pool is brown and the jacuzzi is blue. GHETTO!! (Times are an approximate. I can't remember exact time lengths.)I previously lived here before when it was under Equity and this place was SO much better!!! Ever since Lincoln took over the property went downhill. The grounds are poorly kept. They decided to repaint the buildings which looks as though its half done. They had to repaint a few places since they forgot to finish a wall or the paint bleed into the other color. The place looks now like a ghetto mexican village! They ripped out all of the grass on the property, which wasn't much to begin with and added bushes to "cover up" what looked like a giant litterbox since they ripped out all the grass and put stone down. This is smack dab in the middle of the property. The curb is still there. Everything they do is half fast.They didn't clean up the grounds for a long time. No cutting bushes back no cleaning up branches/leaves. It looked like a forest floor in the back with all the pine needles laying around. Recently they came and cut the trees. They didn't even bother to clean up after. They left it there for a week and then cleaned it up the following week. Really?? They couldn't clean it up right after they cut all the cr@p off??There is new office staff and they seem very nice, very competent. I'm not sure about maintenance. There has only been one guy that I have been dealing with which I assume is not the thief. I would have hoped they fired his a ss. Anyway, this guy, I think his name is Cliff, he's very nice and he actually fixes things and doesn't do it half fast. When my air conditioner was dripping on the inside he came and fixed the shoddy job a previous guy did. All he did apparently was put some kind of grease to stop the leak instead of actually taking the time to do the job properly. I left a review before. I had no intentions of renewing my lease. However I had a financial situation and didn't have the money to move out of this hell hole. They raised my rent $50!! Which I couldn't afford to pay so I asked for it to be reduced and the office manager Diane yelled at me about my review
3	sketch bro. someone stole my bike but it's a gated community. how do I get to work now lol
2	The apartments look nice, but they are poorly constructed (at least mine is). I can hear literally every step my upstairs neighbors take. I can hear it through the ceiling and even the walls sometimes creek/vibrate from just their walking. It's incredibly annoying. I have lived in many apartments (some for less expensive) and i've never heard my neighbor so clearly. I've also had issues with cable and internet. Im very disappointed in this unit.
1	Worst leasing office! First of all they wrote the wrong rent amount on our lease. When my roommate and I went together to sign the lease there was a temp working. We initialed and signed. Then the office calls us back to say they gave us the wrong lease and to come back to sign new with correct amount which was $40 higher. Are you kidding me? We refused to sign new lease and this is there mistake. Called corporate office and they assured us that we are right about not having to sign a new lease. Among other small issues about the apartment, They had an insect sprayer guy come to spray all apartments. A couple weeks later they called to confirm our "bed bug treatment".. WTF! We said no one ever informed us the inspector found bed bugs! They said someone was suppose to call us. I was in Cali at this time freaking out! They were treating tomorrow. My roommate and I were furious no one notified us of this! They gave us a list of how to prepare for treatment. I came home that night late and trash bagged EVERTHING I own! We had to clean out kitchen cabinets and moved all furniture to center of rooms. I told them I know we don't have bed bugs since I have never been bitten! Next morning insect spray guy comes to our apartment that I had to take time off work to be there. I went to leasing office to ask if someone can help move my bed and they look at me confused stating "he's only going to spray, not treat" I looked at inspector and he said he never said we had bed bugs! No no bed bugs... WTF 10xs.. The leasing office just look at me like Oh Well. I got no apology. I called corporate again. Nothing they can do. I had to get all my clothes out of trash bags and put everything back! Lastly I was told I'd get my pet deposit and gate remote refunded at moving out. I only received one check in full for the remotes. I called and spoke to manger and she said she will mail the pet refund and also said our last water bill was taken out of this check. Fine. I never got a check! For months I called and manager tells me I was never due a refund for pet. Seriously! I called corporate again. Of course they don't deal with money issues.. This place is has made me feel absolutely taken advantage of. It was incredibly stressful to feel like you have bed bugs and no one told you. Thankfully we didn't but thanks Ingleside for the suffering and not apologizing.
3	My family came here from NYC, where it's common for people to live in apartments and to put down roots in a neighborhood. We've been renting at The Ingleside for nearly 14 years and would have been happy to continue doing so -- the complex is safe and conveniently located, with Scottsdale, Paradise Valley and Tempe just minutes away -- except that Lincoln Properties informed us that our lease will not be renewed, and that we will have to vacate our home so that it can be renovated. The renovation will take about a month, and we cannot rent another apartment in the complex and move our stuff in until the reno is complete (the shortest lease is 3 months, at a 50 percent premium above our current rent) and then move our stuff back. In fact, the management is being very cagey about whether we will be allowed to re-rent our apartment -- our 14 year history of paying our rent on time, will be erased and we have to re-apply. My elderly mother is distraught over the thought of losing the home in which my late father spent his last years; she said it's like she is losing him all over again, because we really feel his spirit strongly. Sometimes, when I am sitting in the dining room I can swear that he has just come out of the master bedroom and is walking towards me. I always look towards the laundry area because the feeling is *that strong* but of course, he is not there. I don't know how much longer I will have my Mom with me, but I am heartbroken that she won't be able to spend those years where she feels close to my Dad.
