4	So when I moved to Vegas, I felt lost - searching for a new nail salon is NEVER fun.  Its mostly a treasure hunt, resorting to trial and error is the best way to do it.I stumbled upon the Nail Shack b/c it is right next to my bank.  I was desperately needing a pedicure and a full set - with the move, I had neglected my nails (ugh).  They accepted walk-ins, so I peeked in.  They were busy - which in the nail business is a good thing - but they told me it would be about 10 minutes to wait.  Normally, the standard 10 minute wait takes about a half hour, but it actually only took 10 minutes.The Shack is owned and operated by a husband and wife couple - Amanda and Patrick.  He did my nails (did an awesome job), and Jen did my toes (she rocks). The prices are average for Vegas - which is considerably more than in LA.  But, well worth it.I keep going back!!!  You should too!!!
3	One of the worst parts of moving to a new city IS finding a new nail salon.I came here for a pedicure on recommendation from my boyfriend's sister and because it received a decent rating from its lone reviewer.  The shop was clean enough but you could tell it had been there a few years and there were a couple other ladies getting pedicures ($20) also.I was a walk-in customer and did not have to wait at all (my days off are Tuesdays and Wednesdays, so I usually don't catch any crowds any where) unfortunately I did not catch the name of my technician (who did not speak to me AT ALL the entire time). The massage chair was alright and my water was kind of cold, another customer's water was too hot... my technician didnt really bother to ask me if the temperature of my water was alright.  My pedicure took at least an hour... ok maybe half an hour.  I was kind of just sitting there for a while after she was done because a mother and her 2 daughters came in and my technician kind of decided to just leave me there.Stuff that irked me:-My technician was inattentive.-I chose glitter polish and she decided to put another color under it without asking me... which I think made it look less sparkly :(-Technician used a rotary buffer/emery board thing instead of buffing my nails out with a block. -She didnt trim my nails as short as I wanted.Bottom Line:Mystery technician did an alright job but I think I will continue my hunt for a nail salon that I can call "home".
2	I went to nail shack for the first time its was very dirty and the signage wasn't very good.  The workers couldve been more friendly. The man who did my nails was nice. My nails look awesome but i probably wouldn't go  back because of how dirty it was.
1	Worst place ever. Very bad customer service - owner will talk about you in Vietnamese. Unhygienic - tools used were not sterilized. All the tools were kept in a small Tupperware, some had rust on it. Bad ventilation - the fumes in there can knock out a horse. At the end of our service, my sister confronted the owner about talking smack about us in Vietnamese, she threatened to stab her with a pair of scissors she was holding in her hand! Unbelievable! Would never go there again and would not recommend to my worst enemy.
1	i want there the other day as a walk in and this is the WORST nail experience i have ever had. I got a pedicure from a woman who didn't speak any english at all. Wouldn't even make eye contact. The water for my pedicure was cold and they didn't even bother asking me if the temperature was okay. They didn't even fix it AFTER i asked them if they could heat it up a little bit. THE WOMAN CUT MY 3 OF MY TOES OPEN TO THE POINT WHERE I WAS BLEEDING. She put a towel over it like it wasn't even a big deal and didn't even apologize. Then poured alcohol on them! OUCH!! NOW MY BIG TOE IS INFECTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i just had to go to the doctor this morning because it was bright red and throbbing. The doctor litterally had to drill a small hole into my nail and squeeze the puss out. He said that this is common when someone gets a small with unsterilized tools. DISGUSTING!My pink and white full set i got looks horrible. they're starting to come off as well. I work behind a desk all day. I'm not doing anything that would make them come off they way they are.Needless to say, i will NEVER be coming here again and i don't recommend anyone coming here either. It's disgusting and i can't believe that i actually got an infection from a nail place. They're supposed to make you feel pampered and leave feeling better then when you came in. Not make you have a visit to the doctor.
1	Worst customer service very sloppy wish I would had read the reviews first ..this place is really bad people do not come here, bad business .no stars on my place
