2	My roommate and I have been residents here since January 2014 and our lease ends in November. We're both working college students and one of us is a veteran. We picked this place for convenience, security, and just to make a place a home for our quiet, busy lives.Move in process was great. It took us two weeks while other apartments usually take a month. They do check your credit score while you do your application. The whole process is done electronically. Our credit score and rental history were fine, which meant no down payments or proof of income for us.Our unit is one bedroom on the first floor. Rent and water bills may be paid online through the apartment's website. Electricity is through APS. We have cox, but we were not able to get satellite services because buildings/trees block the dish due to where our unit is placed.Management here lacks and their priorities are off.They are petty with decor or patio furniture regardless if it looks appropriate or if it doesn't bother other residents. We have a nice wooden working table that had a device on it. They told us to remove it. Tools are not allowed in your patios even if they mounted to the table. At one time we had shopping bags of tools set on the working table. The director, Tina, told us to remove it. It was very unnecessary considering they were still in the shopping bags. We literally just placed them there to put in our storage.Also, she saw your American flag and told us to take it down. The reason was because she didn't want other residents to be motivated to put other flags/decor up that maybe offensive or inappropriate. Our flag was in code and we had the legal rights to keep our flag up. However, we decided to put it down because we didn't want management harassing us more for petty things. It was just very disappointing for a veteran to be told to put his flag away.Pools are frequently locked on weekends with no given reason. Not good, especially during the summer. Also, the BBQs are in a state of disrepair and are unusable. In addition, parking is chaotic. They don't seem to give you covered parking spots that correspond with your unit. However, there seems to be a handful of uncovered parking. If you don't use your covered spot, neighbors will assume that the spot isn't claimed by any existing resident and will park in your spot.First floor can be a pain because maintenance use leaf blowers and are constantly blowing debris into our patio. This is a gated community, but the gate/gates are FREQUENTLY broken or "in repair." Although it's not the worse neighborhood in Phoenix, but it's far from the best. Therefore, the gates are a concern to us and we are paying an extra $100 compared to non-gated communities surrounding the area. Maintenance is not on top of things. The light in our breezeway have been out for weeks.Other then that, Paradise Falls is affordable, the application process is efficient, and it is a "gated" community, there's security here as well.
1	Worst experience ever!! Don't try to live here..dog poops everywhere..not safe area..you can hear everyone upstairs or downstairs!!Worst management and not secure place!!2 of my good neighbors broke the lease and I was the third one!!There is a lot of charges waiting for you when you move out!!!
1	Staff is inattentive, rude, and unreliable. I received a $350 APS bill this month and when calling to complain I was told there is a leak in the power and the apartments need to fix it... When I called, no one showed up to fix it AGAIN and now my water isn't working.Also they change their hours without letting their tenants know so now I'm late for work because they can't manage to run an apartment complex.I've lived here for a year and a half and I pay way to much to be getting this bad of service
1	just wondering why they advertise a heated pool when clearly they dont want to have one. also they lock the pool gates so that tenants cant even go sit in the sun.
