4	The spacious store (probably the biggest retail store, not including the outlet store in Primm) is set up with the women's clothing on the left side, and the men's clothing is mostly on the right side of the store, but in the back of the women's swimwear selections (most of the clothing inventory is dedicated to men, about 75%). We were looking at mainly the women's clothing as my husband is trying to get ideas for the next Valentine's Day gift (a dress of my choice). The average dress price is $128. I saw some possibilities (more selections online) but the one I really loved was at the Miracle Mile Shops store, except I didn't see it the last time we were there. There used to be more inventory for house decor, but seems to have just dwindled down to candles and candle holders. As you walk in, that cilantro pineapple candle is what you smell- it's smells really good. I prefer the setup here than the twin stores (separate) in the Forum Shops (one for men, one for women). It seemed like there were more people working here than people shopping here (near empty). We were the youngest, until some children walked in with their family.
2	I have (had) three Tommy Bahama watches. They work great for me as a work watch, however the bezels keep coming off. The bezel came off my first one, so my wife bought me another watch. The bezel came off of that one too. I called the company that handles their watches and they sent me a bezel for ten bucks. I could not get it to stay on, so my wife took them into the store and they advised her to send them into their watch repair company (GENEVAWATCHGROUP), so we did. We also paid for shipping and parts another $46.39, now $56.39 (more than half of what one watch cost, but as I found a few months ago in Big 5 sporting goods on sale for less than the cost of repairs $49.00). I couldn't bring myself to by another, even at half price. Two weeks later we got them back and one by one the bezel came off again. So my wife bought me another Tommy Bahama watch, this time a more expensive one (really Babe, I love but). So now I call the store ahead of time to tell them my situation. They asked me to bring the watches down to the store (36 miles round trip). I wanted to get my money back on the two that keep losing the bezel, but I didn't have my receipt for either. However, I did have the receipt for the more expensive one that my wife recently got me, so according to the receipt if you wanted to return the item, you could as long as you have the receipt. I then asked for my money back for the one on my wrist because I did not like it (I only had one box and it would not hold more than two watches, so I had it on my wrist). When I did the salesperson asked why I was wearing it if I did not like it and how many times have I worn it. Really lady, the receipt did not mention anything about how many times I have worn it and it made me unconfortalbe to say that I only wore it to make my wife feel good. She did give me my money back and sent the other two off for repairs. But I had to call my wife to get her credit card number, can you say awkward. I don't know how much it will cost me when they come back, but I will let you know.
1	just had a bad experience here i'll leave it at that, don't want trash talk the store this is probably my 2nd or 3rd review on yelp so I don't go every single store and trash talk them unless I have a bad experience. maybe the person is having a bad day I can understand nobody is perfect as myself work in customer service, but I have been living in vegas for 4 years and shopping all my life and have never felt so embarrassed as I did in this store. don't know the guys name and don't care, but just will never go to this store that's all.
