5	I cannot say enough great things about this place. All of the employees are very knowledgable and excited about woodworking. I've been going here for years and they have helped me get seriously involved with woodworking and really changed my life. They have a shop in the back and classes that you can sign up for in multiple woodworking disciplines. When I bought my lathe there 3 years ago I knew nothing about wood turning and these guys walked me through every question and issue I ran across. This is an excellent store with a great staff.
4	This place has a great selection of tools and supplies. (Most of which I don't even know). The best thing about this place is the service. Both times I have been here, the staff was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain what I needed. They also provide woodworking classes which I am planning on taking when I find the time. I have said it a million times and will continue- Customer service is where it's at. I am so willing to pay more for a product when it comes with great service and support.
5	needed a wood craft magazine to finish a project and they had it and i bought anderandak chairs and they had those with templates. my chairs came out great and now all my neighbors want them and without this store i would have never  had those plans. and they have great service
5	This store is awesome! I needed a specialty item for something I was building that I couldn't find at any of those big name stores....I found it at Woodcraft. The customer service was amazing and I was able to ask questions without feeling rushed or stupid. This place is a true neighborhood gem! Check it out.
4	Yeah we found it. We found the chisels we were looking for but not any books or patterns for acanthus carving.  We had fun visiting.
4	Yeah we found it.We've been getting this catalog forever.  Finally visited one in Mpls, fun to find one in Chandler.  Next year we'll know where to come when we visit.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! Patient, knowledgable, experienced staff who demonstrate genuine interest in the success of their customers' projects. Great products, convenient store hours, customer-friendly return/exchange policy, worth the trip.
