5	So I have herd about this place from so many people and seen it every time I go to work I finally got the chance to stop In here let me tell you this place has it all and are extremely friendly and will answer any questions you have for them the prices here can NOT be beat no matter how hard I looked for something cheaper it didn't happen why because they have the lowest prices in town don't believe me stop by a check it out yourself you won't be disappointed trust me. So the final question is would I recommend this place to anybody? The answer is yes I would recommend this place to any and everybody I promise you won't be disappointed defiantly worth the drive!!!
5	Great family run store with everything you need.  If they don't have it, they will get it for you.  Fair prices and great service!!
5	Great customer service and the best prices in town!
5	Great family business.  Supplement prices that can't be beat.
5	I had my favorite sports nutrition store in San Diego or online.  After moving here, had to find a new location.  I avoid GNC's, Vitamin Worlds, and Vitamin Shoppes. I avoid them because they are way overpriced.  First started going to Las Vegas Nutrition, but then I found this place. -Prices:  The best out here in the valley. Online might be a little cheaper, but you have to worry about shipping cost and deliveries. -Service:  They know their stuff here.  Just tell them exactly what your needs are, what you're working on.  -Supply:  They usually have what I'm looking for.  I don't change brands much.  But everyone once in awhile mix it up when it comes to my pre-workout.I'm here at least once per month to stock up.  There is really no reason for me to go anywhere else.  When it comes to prices, they are the best.  If they are not the best, they will match whatever is out there.  Again, they know their stuff and will not rip you off.  Every once in awhile I see people come in and want the impossible.  They want to gain 30 lbs of muscle and lose 20 lbs of fat in 3 months.  Or, they want to buy a bunch of supplements that are counterproductive.  Don't worry, Spartan will ensure that you are getting what you need.
5	Pretty simple: I walked in, explained what I was looking to do and they didn't sell me anything. He said "here's a sample of what I would use, I actually use it. It'll do good and if you don't like it, come back and we'll try another sample." He was right, I loved it and did what it was supposed to. Went back, picked up a full bottle this time and STILL friendly as heck.I tell ya, a Vitamin Shoppe or GNC seems to always want to SELL you. Then you get to the register and its "this is paired with ____ usually"...more selling. Not here.Good advice and a friendly atmosphere. When I need something again, Ill be back, and ill reccomend to friends!
5	I really like this store. They have all the necessary supplements I need for my current workout plan, and the prices are the best in Vegas (I've done my research).The owner Abid knows his stuff  - He always take the time to recommend items based on my needs & goals. While it doesn't equal the advice given by a nutritionist or personal trainer...it's helpful. Store also carries products you normally wouldn't find at vanilla stores like GNC.
5	Awesome place, great customer service, and amazing prices.  Really friendly and knowledgeable.  Always helpful, never pushy, very professional.  They can even order items for you if they don't currently stock them... just ask!  Will return over and over!
4	i guess i should have paid more attention to the name itself.  I was looking for nutrition supplements, not necessarily to bulk up.  I walked into the store intimidated by all the men, here i am a tiny little asian trying to get some biotin.  To my amazement they did have it!  Guys were very nice helpful and good looking =)
5	After a trip to a different nutrition store a few days ago and getting God awful BCAA fruit chews that was recommended by the store employee, I found myself coming here before going to the gym which is in the same parking lot. One of my instructors was telling me about this store and how they have Quest bars in all flavors.I originally planned on just getting vitamins but it wasn't a surprise to me that I ended up getting hundreds of dollars worth of protein powder, vitamins and bars. The guys that work here are super helpful, honest, knowledgeable - I went to school with one of them so I know they know their stuff. I do a lot of cardio and have been wasting away according to some people. I need more protein!!!I asked one of them if they have BCAA that isn't the size of horse pills or doesn't come in chewable form that tastes like torture. So, they gave me a sample of the powder form (mixed with water, of course) and it was a scary Pepto Bismol pink but tastes like Gatorade! Sold! I bought a dozen Quest bars for $22. That's like $1.80/bar when other stores sell them for at least $2/bar. They had a great variety of flavors and I asked them what their favorites were.They have everything you could possibly need for nutrition, weight loss, bulking, etc. for less money than the bigger chain store. I got a free protein shake bottle with my purchase. I'd be crazy to go a different store.
5	Everyone is very knowledgable and friendly. They have tons of products that you can't get anywhere else. That's the first place I go to get my basics and to try something new.
5	Great selection, good prices. Enough said. Just wish they still had the original jack3d... Then again, no other store has it either
2	I was back in Vegas with my family for a tournament, I went to check out Spartan Nutrition. It's was a small little store very cramped. Didn't have a lot of the flavors or selection that I'm used to. I tried to talk to an employee but he was more interested talking on his phone then helping me out. Very poor customer service, and a weak selection. Wouldn't recommend this supplement store to anyone, hands down one of the worst experiences I've ever hand shopping for my nutritional supps.
2	During my visit in Vegas stayed at a new hotel on the other side of town than usual. Worked out at Goals, went over to check out Spartan. First thing I noticed was how small and creepy and cramped it was inside. I waited for several minutes and nobody came to ask me if I needed any help. There were just two big muscle guys just talking to each other. I felt like it's more of a man muscle head store than something for a woman or person who wants General Nutrition.
2	I worked out with the friend of mine at Golds we decided to go take a look and see what Spartan had to offer. The store is very small so the selection is poor and crowded ,prices are good customer service was very bad the guy just sat behind the counter reading his phone . I asked him a question and he seemed annoyed by it.
