5	Fantastic meal in a wonderful atmosphere. Nice covered outdoor patio for those hot breezy summer days.The food is outstanding (I particularly recommend the petto) and as fresh as it can get. Even the pasta in tomato sauce, served as a side dish, can sound ordinary, but it blew my mind.The drinks are potent and the staff is engaging.A bit pricier than other restaurants, but in this case you can say that you get your money's worth.
2	My fiancee and I ate here last night and the food was outstanding but the service was shite.  If you are not a celebrity or do not have a large party of spenders, the staff has little time for you.  There are not a lot of vegetarian options and the menu is written all in Italian, just fyi.
5	Da Emma is da-licious! This restaurant was recommended to us by a staff member at our hotel, saying it was "A-1" and the best restaurant for Italian that you could find. So, with that in mind, we walked the 10-15 blocks to the Restaurant Da Emma, hoping for a meal we would not forget...trust me, we won't! It is in the basement of a large building, a few blocks away from the action of shops, people, etc. You walk down the flight of stairs, through a couple of what look like warehouse doors, and into the elegant entry area. Walking towards the front counter, we noticed multiple large class frames house many pictures of very famous people (Robert Downey Jr., Dustin Hoffman, the guy fromSlumdog Millionaire, etc.). Walking to the front counter, the woman asked if we had reservations, unfortunately the answer to that was no. She hesitated and was explaining that it was very hard to get in here and you need reservations, but she did end up letting us have a table as long as we were done by 8:30. Fine with us! We were then waited on by a very friendly, funny, yet proper waiter. The menu was incredibly extensive (yes, expensive, but incredible & worth it). we ordered, and a little while later our food was delivered...YUM! It was heavenly! Everyone loved their meal and ate every last bite! Now it's dessert (oh yeah!). We ordered both lemon & orange sorbets to share (best decision of our entire lives)! they are served in whatever fruit flavor you order (example: the orange sorbet was served in the "shell" of an orange). This was a superb presentation and the sorbet was so incredible, I think I might just order that every day of my life (even of they would have to ship it to California)!  Overall, one of the best dining experiences I have EVER had, and definitely the place to go when in or near Montreal!!
3	Their Roman style cuisine is good, but I have had better Italian dinners in my home neighborhood of North Beach, San Francisco.  I will give them an extra star for being in an interesting location (former women's prison).
4	Great Restaurant. Fantastic Food and Wonderful atmosphere. Highly recommended.
5	I don't write about every restaurant I eat at, just the ones that show something special. This is truly a five star old school Italian restaurant. Anyone who gives it less is just screwing with the ratings (and I've been to most of the north beach restaurants). Got recommended by the concierge at the Marriott. I applaud anyone who could find it without a taxi. It is less than nondescript from the outside. Once you go down the stairs and through the industrial door you come upon a busy place. People will find good food. The menu is in Italian. It is extensive and the staff is happy to translate. The wine lists also extensive and all Italian. The sugar packs are from Italy. Getting the pattern here. They are not afraid to scream old Italy because they can do it first class. Soup of the day was stingray soup. I was thinking Asian, but noodles in seafood broth  with shredded stingray fin was right off the coast of Italy. There were so many great things on the menu. I chose the Osso bucco, great. My wife had the fettuccine with mushrooms, fantastic. Would I go again. You bet. I will say I asked them to call me a cab to get back to the hotel, after all it is near old town but a little of the beaten track.
4	When a fellow foodie friend of mine (say that three times fast) informed me this was either his favorite or second favorite restaurant in town I knew I had to try it. When I was able to get reservations for that night (granted it was a Thursday) I figured it was fate and I had to stop by. I'm so very glad I did.We arrived right on time for our reservation and were seated promptly. The waiter stopped by, took cocktail orders, dropped off some bruschetta, and left us with the oil board menu which is entirely in Italian. After staring at it for a good few minutes and taking pride in being able to identify a small handful of the items, the waiter came back to explain what it was we were reading.We started with the caprese, which was done up very simply and exactly how I wanted it - fresh and not overly elaborate. For my main I tried the pork osso bucco. If you know anything about me it's probably that I love osso bucco; if I see it on the menu I'm ordering it. This was probably the most unique osso bucco I'd ever had. It had a sauce that was white wine based as opposed to red, and had a flavor that I wasn't expecting. Don't get me wrong - it was awesome, but just off center. My wife went for the veal meatballs, which were melt-in-your-mouth amazing but not in the least bit brittle. The one thing I didn't care too much for was the fact that the pasta that was served with everything seemed like more of an afterthought than anything. Granted with my dish it didn't matter too much, but it would have been nice to have had some great pasta to go with the meatballs.After we were finished dining our service took a severe turn for the worse. We weren't able to flag down our waiter for a good 10 minutes after finishing our meals. Not to be deterred, we still went with dessert (wasn't going to let that affect our meal), and we tried the tiramisu. Simply outstanding.I'd love to go back, and I'm sure this is a 5 star place. But the server disappearing for a solid 10 minutes and the pasta really do knock this place down one notch. But even still, my recommendation is still this - go! Enjoy!
5	I love this place. Your led downstaris into an old jali house where you dine inside of a cell. This place is a gem. Food is not the best but def price appropriate but the ambiance is one of a kind.
3	We chose Da Emma due to the Yelp reviews and this was the first time we were disappointed by Yelp (we use it a lot, even at home).Yes, the atmosphere is unique and interesting, the restaurant is clean and orderly, the salads were very tasty (including the cheese), the waiter was very attentive and humerous, but the food just wasn't up to par. Yelp had also steered us away from Little Italy, and we were hoping we would hit on something better.The Osso Bucco is a different, Roman-type preparation, which the waiter explained up front. I found it slightly tough and on the bland side. The broccoli was over-cooked and way too salty. The pasta is non-descript. Given this, the restaurant is overpriced in my opinion.My husband had a fish dish that tasted pretty good. He seemed to like it but didn't rave. He couldn't remember which one it was.Our friend ordered a pasta dish and said it was good, but it didn't look extraordinary at all. We wouldn't try it again or recommend it to others.
5	Beautiful setting and authentic food! Buratta with tomatoes, Fettuccine with mushrooms and the meatballs with pasta. All amazing! Tomatoes tasted so fresh and they were a big size. Meatballs very tender!
4	We had a wonderful dinner at Da Emma!Granted, it wasn't a traditional dinner -- there were about 30+ people for my cousin and his fiancee's pre-rehearsal dinner for out-of-towners.First of all, the setting is spectacular. Walking downstairs into a converted women's prison, the stone walls and somewhat dark atmosphere are more romantic than ominous. T here's a wall of photos of celebrities with Emma (Bill Clinton, George Clooney), so we knew we were in a great place. The food is fantastic, and so is the service. They created a special menu of the restaurant's most popular dishes. We tried:-- Bufalo mozzarella with tomatoes and prosciutto. Absolutely fresh and the cheese was divine.-- Fettuccine with fresh porcini mushrooms, olive oil and white wine. Perfectly fresh and awesome.-- Agnolotti stuffed with veal and meat sauce. YUM. -- Tiramisu, served in a bowl. Certainly homemade. The bread is fresh and soft. The servings are quite generous.I would absolutely return next time I'm in Montreal.
3	I came to Da Emma on a Friday night around 6pm, right when they open for dinner service. I adore the architecture/layout/atmosphere with the heavy metal doors and the rustic feel of the ex-womens' prison. If you look to your right upon entering the restaurant, you'll see boards filled with pictures of eminent celebrities, athletes, randoms posing with I guess, Da Emma. Knowing that Angelina Jolie, Diane Kruger, Joshua Jackson, George Clooney (to name a few) had also dined at Da Emma made the experience more memorable.We were seated right away and brought a plate of bruschetta and the menu. The bruschetta was more like a salty olive oil-ed sponge, not impressed. Our server literally plopped the all-Italian menu in front of us and peaced out with no explanation, no translation (even thought my boyfriend is Italia, he struggled with some of the items). We ended up ordering the leg of lamb ($35) and veal ($30?). You have a choice of sides: veggies (pickled potatoes, 2 slices of eggplant, 2 slices of zucchini) or rotini with tomato sauce. The main dishes were enormous. If you are on the fence when it comes to lamb, I suggest you steer away from it at Da Emma. It's way too big- I couldn't manage half of it. The veal was amazing though! All in all, the food was alright. Nothing too exciting. Our server was slow, cold, and intimidating, which is exactly what Da Emma is like.
4	Restaurant Da Emma was the highlight of a quick visit to Montreal, and the recommendation of our hotel concierge.It was a cold and rainy night, so being unfamiliar with the city, we took a cab.  We found that the cab rules are more relaxed in Montreal than you find in spots like NYC, and were able to easily and without extra charge load 5 people into a sedan for the 10 block ride.The entrance to the restaurant is a dark, descending staircase. We held the cab thinking that the restaurant must be closed. Happily, the door opened and so began a delicious and memorable meal.The interior design of the restaurant is very pleasing and full of character, adding to the specialness of the visit. The menu is delivered in French and table side on a chalkboard. A flavorful bruschetta is served up pronto to tide over hungry patrons - you'll appreciate the offering since you'll need time and reflection to consider all the options.My children wanted to modify their orders with "hold this" & "can I substitute that..". Our waiter's voice of reason came to my rescue, explaining to the children with directness that they would be wise to enjoy these special dishes in the way the chef intended.A mother wanting to expose her boys to worldly cuisines will appreciate the intervention;  it gets tiresome when you're constantly talking your kids into new culinary experiences.Happily, my children took our waiter's advice and enjoyed their meals just as designed by the chef. One son thoroughly enjoyed the Lamb, another enjoyed Gnocchi for the first time, "they're like little pillows of deliciousness Mom", and my 3rd son enjoyed the Swordfish which was prepared with an unexpected, savory sauce. It was more food than we could eat, the portions are most generous.If you follow me on Yelp, you know I favor Italian restaurants; I loved this place and will return on my next visit to Montreal.
5	Da Emma is amazing.I wish I could have Emma as my personal chef. The pasta dishes are to die for.The cheeses and bruschetta are delicious.The steak is HUGE and could be shared between 2 people.The decor is elegant.Amazing experience and I would definitely go back there in a heartbeat.
4	An amazing setting in a former women's prison.  Food was delicious, service was impeccable, but they could use more vegetarian options.  The grilled salmon was great but what I would return for is a plate of their super garlicky pasta!  A little pricey so just 4 stars.
5	Alone at the bar. Always great here. Having Arugala salad and half a portion of the amazing tortellini. Glass of Valpolacello. Great staff - love it here
3	Meatballs were fantastic, service was great, the rest of the menu was good but in general too salty.
5	You'll never have raviolis like the one's served at Da Emma, out of this world.  And don't get me started with their tiramisu.  The bill adds up but it's worth it for a special occasion place.
5	Sept 2012 - Was here on a trip with friend for adventure.  This restaurant apparently is in an old women's prison and the cab found it hard to find so we used our phones for GPS.  You go down some stairs and it's really fascinating as the interior is intact.  Apparently Italian lady is the authentic and lots of celebs come there.  Menu is in Italian on chalkboard but waiter will help you understand if you don't.  We had so many items...salads, procuitto, meatballs, and on and on. It's was all AMAZING and worth it.
5	I found this Montreal gem during a recent trip.  It was the last meal during my time in Montreal and let's just say I saved the best for last.  I would without a doubt recommend this restaurant to those looking to have a little taste of Italy.  My family and I had the pleasure meeting Emma...she's a sweet lady who loves what she does...and I love what she does too.
3	Really good food but it was cold. The waiter had a very so/so attitude. He was not very interested. The rabbit I had was also over cooked. However, the flavors on all our food was fabulous. When I explained to him honestly that the food was cold and must have sat around he agreed but took nothing off the bill. I tipped him appropriately.
5	was on vacation in Montreal and this place came highly recommended.if you are in montreal don't miss this cool old prison turned cool italian restaurant.authentic food, great servicecan't wait to go backdef get the porchini pasta and the gorgonzola tortellini
2	We decided to try this place after research and a recommendation from our hotel concierge. Our experience at Da Emma can best be described as disappointing. Our party of 4 arrived and were greeted politely and promptly by the hostess who was very friendly. The restaurant itself has a nice ambience and decor. That part we liked. Unfortunately the service was poor, one of the worst I have experienced. Our server seemed very disinterested, did not treat out spouses as you would expect in such a place, and should have made better effort to explain the menu. I had to ask him 3 times to confirm if the kitchen could serve Osso Bucco which would determine my order. It took him 10 minutes to bring pepper that my buddy had asked for twice for his soup which was finished by the time it came. Sides were forgotten, no bread, wine and drinks went empty. Just poor overall which is very unfortunate for this establishment. My roast veal was good, other meals left more to be desired. We will not return.
2	The restaurant was nice but the  food was nothing special ...every disappointed we were a big group ...service was excellent but we'll not go back
4	Great food and a super wine list.I had the veal meatballs which were some of the best I have ever eaten.3 the size of large tennis balls in a wonderful red gravy with pasta.The staff got very busy as the night went on around 7:30 - 8:00 and lost there focus on things like filling the water glass, wine bottle refills or seeing if we wanted desert. The hard floor and low celling  made for a very loud meal but no worse than 90% of all restaurants and did add an energy to the meal.Since its in the basement  (the building at one time was a jail) and must be 300 years old, many of the tables for 2 are butt up to a stone post which is a drag and felt a little tight.The eggplant app was amazing and very unlike anything I have had in the past.Visit Da Emma, you will be very happy you did, go hungry, you will leave full.
5	Please do not believe the people who act like NYTimes food critics. This is hands down the best Italian food you can get outside of Italy- and my husband said it is  better than some of the meals we ate in Rome. First off, our sweet concierge told us that this was her favorite restaurant in all of Montreal so we knew (hoped) we were in for a treat. It is in the bottom of an old women's prison. How cool is that?!? We were sat at a table for two (right near a concrete pole that someone else complained about- really?!) and other than the normal noise of a restaurant (someone else complained about the low ceilings making it too loud- again really?!) we felt like we were the only 2 on our date. The restaurant is beautiful and the fact that the walls have stories to tell makes it even better! Immediately upon sitting, you are delivered the most mouth watering bruschetta you'll ever taste. The wine list is fabulous- we had a chianti we'd never tried before, not too expensive but probably some of the best I've had. I took a pic of the label. Some will be going in our wine cellar when we return home! We started with the soup of the day, stracciatella, which was out of this world! Our children would have gobbled it up had they been with us. Then a caprese salad- holy cow! The best mozzarella I've ever had. The tomatoes were thick sliced and to die for- and it's the middle of winter! I had eggplant parmigiana and my husband had the agnolotti. We HAD to split a veal meatball- AND SO DO YOU- if you don't order it for your main dish. They will allow you just to order one to try. Easily on par with anything in Italy. For dessert, no surprise- some of the greatest tiramisu to ever cross my lips. We also had coffee- a cappuccino for my husband and cafe latte for me- both delectable! To finish the meal - something else YOU MUST DO- a trip to the kitchen to meet Emma. As she was stirring boiling pasta and talking to her chefs, the delightfully small modest woman, took the time to chat with us briefly and even take a quick picture with us. She was so honored at what our concierge had told us. Brush up on your Italian because Emma is always in her kitchen or with her family- no time to learn English or French (don't worry- your server will help you talk to her). This was one of the greatest New Years dinners ever! And, on probably one of their busiest nights in a year, our service was perfect. If you are ever in Montreal, this has to be on your MUST DO list. You will not be sorry you did.
4	Lamb. That's all you have to know. The roasted lamb is one of their signature dishes and a must. Lamb. Eat light to start because the lamb portion is large and you'll want to eat all of it. Lamb. We also had the gnocchi and Eggplant Parma that were also amazing. Lamb.
1	We went to Emma's for special anniversary occasion in Sept of 2013.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed.   We ordered an appetizer calamari which was quite good and the bread was delicious but that was as far as we got .  We order pasta dishes for our entrees.  Boy was that a mistake! Very ordinary dishes were brought out and at the price of around $18 each you would think it would be reasonably good.  Not so, we had them take it back to the kitchen and they didn't offer to bring something else or reduce the items from our $162 bill ($75 for 1/2 bottle of good Tuscan wine was OK). Not worth it going here, there are so many other choices nearby that are much better and less stuffy.  Don't bother with this one unless you want to be seen with the 'in crowd'..
5	A trip to Italy minus the airfare! From our burrata starter to the porcini mushroom fettuccine, veal saltimbocca, grilled salmon and panna cotta dessert, everything was done to perfection. Very fresh, high quality food in ample portions for sharing. The wine list is superb and we discovered a Venetian white by Zenato that went well with everything. Can't wait to go back in the summer when the terrasse is open!
5	All I have to say is that this restaurant is one of the best experiences I've had dining out to date. This is a must go if you are visiting Montreal. Words cannot describe the how you feel when you are here.That is all.
5	Simply the best Italian place I have ever been to!!!! The ambiance and waiters are amazing. It's an old school home cook like feel and a little romantic as well. The veal is very good!!!
5	Great ambiance as it's built out of an old women's prison. The food is sensational and the service is fantastic.
3	I am so sorry to say that this place is all hat and only a little cattle.   That is to say that even though George Clooney ate here ( 20 years ago , judging by the picture on the wall), it was a less that awesome dining experience.  All of the courses we tried were good,, but the errors by the servers regarding cocktails and water, and the sheer adequacy of the celebrated lamb and the not quite succulence of the rabbit cacciatore, made this a less than awesome dining experience.  No wonder Clooney hasn't been back since, this is a celebrity restaurant, not one for folks who actually appreciate innovative and interesting food.  We have several of these kinds of places in Miami, and I must say that we have found that Montreal has lots of places more deserving of your dollar.
4	Another "go to" restaurant while in Montreal. The property is a former women's prison and the stone walls and historic decor lends itself to a one of a kind dining experience. The meal was delicious , I had the lamb, while my husband has the steak. Both done to perfection. The only reason I took a star off is that our waiter forgot about us once we placed our order. We enjoyed a leisurely meal, but there is a fine line between enjoying our meal and desperately wanting your  check. My his and finally had to go ask the manager for the bill so we could pay.
5	Hands down, one of the best Italian meals I've had outside of the kitchen of a family member. If they have it, get the fettucini with funghi porcini, or any fettucini dish, as Emma makes this stuff in-house. It's the most fantastic fresh pasta ever. They start you off with a fresh slice of bruschetta drenched in olive oil. The service is excellent - our waiter was incredibly attentive and helpful all night, and even gave us some suggestions of where to visit after dinner. It's not going to be a cheap meal, but your money couldn't be better spent! It was a nice night when we went, so we ate outside, but the inside of the restaurant is really nice, so if you're only going to eat there once, I'd recommend eating indoors.
3	went there this past weekend with friends who are regulars, the food was good/ok. My artichoke starter was delish but the lamb was greasy and lacking in flavour. Service was scattered. I'd go again if someone else was making the reservations. All in all it was a fun night out with friends but we could have had just as much fun anywhere and probably spent less $$ for better food.
4	The perfect IItalian restaurant in Old Town Montreal!!!!  The venue and service is delightful.  The food is excellent, especially the homemade pastas.  I had the porcini pasta that was so intense with flavor, it reminded me  the dinner I had in Milan 30 years ago.  At the end of the meal our friend and  the waiter took us to meet Mama in the kitchen.
5	We were told this restaurant would be good. But it was actually mouth wateringly delicious!  This restaurant is phenomenal and the staff are absolutely lovely. The food portions are beyond generous. I had the swordfish and when I was done, it looked like I had not even made a dent. As we were leaving, I thanked our server for such a great experience. It truly was one of the best meals I ever had. They then took me into the kitchen to meet the owner, Emma!  She is 73 and would never know it. Not only was she cooking up a storm all night but she is such a lovely lady. She greeted me with open arms. Her who family is involved in the restaurant and you can tell the all have pride in their Nonna's restaurant. Your taste buds will thank you for coming her!
4	There seems to be a lot of Italian food in Montreal, and I'm not totally convinced that this is the best. It's very solid food, authentic, and tasty but it's a bit on the pricey side. I suppose with all the celebrities touted on the wall, they can rest on their laurels a bit and command a pretty penny for their food. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but I think I could find a better meal or better Italian food in Montreal for cheaper.The ambiance is pretty cool, as it was in what used to be a women's prison. There are no printed menus, so don't go searching or asking for one when you sit down - they will bring you a written menu on a chalkboard to your table (all written in Italian), and will explain it to you. They will also bring you a piece of bruschetta to start your meal.We were a party of 4 and shared all the dishes family style, which I would recommend so that you can try a little bit of everything.The best dishes were the eggplant parmigana, fettucini with porcini mushrooms, and the shrimp.  The eggplant parmigana had really good flavor and was decently sized. The pasta was homemade, fresh, and you could just taste all the flavors of the porcini - don't leave without getting this pasta. The shrimp was very fresh, large, and really dense. Well seasoned and perfectly cooked.We also got the caprese (good, but not outstanding), the smoked salmon carpaccio with arugula (good, but I can make this at home), and the veal ravioli (good, but just tasted like a pretty standard meat ravioli to me with tomato sauce).All in all, good food, authentic, and delicious. Some of the dishes were certainly better than others, It was pricey for Italian food - we each paid about $75 CAD and didn't drink any wine. I enjoyed my meal but don't think I'd come back here again and again.
2	Meh .Da Emma has now officially joined the ranks of "just any other Italian restaurant" in Montreal.This used to be my favourite Italian restaurant in Montreal. I would make it a must stop for everything from birthdays to wedding anniversaries, to graduation fetes. I'm not quite sure what happened here. :(Between getting cold (yes, COLD) pasta sides to getting a different side from the one that I had ordered, albeit without even having been told. All the way to not even getting acknowledged half the night by our server (I had to flag him down most of the time. Really?! When many main dishes are over $40, why am I running after servers?) To getting bottled water when it was never even requested. I had even asked to get another table in the restaurant (as it was pretty much half empty) and the table I asked for didn't even have a "reservation" sign on it. No big deal, right? Wrong. I was awkwardly told "Sorry, we save that other two-spot table in case we have to push two sets together for a party of four". Okay, that's fine.Know what happened? They pushed the tables together alright - for another couple. They had their nice big spot and we stayed put. What happened to saving it for a party of four? Am I missing something here?... What a disappointment. Cold food is never okay. Off nights happen, but it won't change that I'm likely not going to go back. Having been to many top restaurants in New York City like Babbo, Del Posto and Scarpetta, I'd say Da Emma should re evaluate their service. Times are tough, people! If you want to keep charging your exorbitant prices you better make it worth the customers' time and money. What a shame.
