5	Where do I start?  A high-rolling friend got comped and I was lucky enough to stay at the 2 bedroom loft Memorial Day weekend.  I'll rattle off some of the amazing amenities that come to mind.  *One pool table*Two floors*Three plasma TVs (per bedroom), one inside the bathroom mirror.  *Huge shower with water coming from ceiling and also jetting horizontally out of the wall.  Bathtub that allows for water to overflow.  *Slippers right next to the most comfy bed you could imagine.*Enough closet space for Imelda Marcos.*Unlimited movies (recent releases & adult) on demand.*Floor to ceiling windows, with a spectacular 29th story view of the strip.*Remote control everything, including individual drapes and climate.*I-pod accessories*Three sitting areas on ground floor including dining room and media room. *Bar stocked with Grey Goose, Patron, Godiva Liquor, and much, much more, including fancy shmancy still water when you're in recovery mode.  Finish a bottle of anything and you get a new one.*A tray of fresh strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries, also replenished by the butlers.  Gourmet nuts and candies. *Coffee bar featuring Jamaica Blue Mountain beans.*Employees stand up and greet you whenever you walk through the lobby area (just roll with it). All of this and more comes with the loft.  As you could imagine, it was sometimes difficult to leave.  If you want to splurge in Vegas, this is definitely the way to go.  Skylofts will leave a lasting impression.
5	Like the other reviewer, Leon, I too got to partake in this fantabulous suite at the MGM because of some high rollin' friends. The infinity whirlpool with color wheel lights and flat screen TV was too much.I just wanna know why there's such a big closet in the bedroom? My god, if I could move in and fill the closet I would!We had a the "magic berry dish" that would magically refill itself with fresh berries each time we looked. Actually... it was a butler that would come into the room each time we left to refill it.... but it was like magic!I loved the remote control window coverings. I loved the tile, the sculptures, the Bulvgari soap in the bathroom. I loved the iPod dock in the living room. I loved the espresso machine.My friend thought it was a little strange that the living room furniture was the same as the Skyloft reception/ lobby area. But, I wasn't bothered by it. :) When you first arrive at the reception on the 23rd floor(?), there's a really great centerpiece made of cross sections of twigs. It's a fun blend or modern furnishings and lighting with organic subjects.
5	We stayed here for one night mid week since the prices were somewhat lower, and we figured it would be fun to splurge as we'd just gotten married and were postponing our honeymoon for a while, opting instead for a long weekend in Vegas.Holy Luxury! This place was completely astounding, from being picked up in a Maybach, the lobby,  to the luxurious suites. Firstoff, this amazing sandalwood/cedar scent was piped into the lobby which was just calming and cooling after being out in the hot sun. When we got to our suite, we were met with a plate of chocolate covered strawberries that were juicy and succulent, and this delicious welcome drink that was some sort of vanilla bean, orange juice, cantaloupe juice concoction that was fresh and cold and amazing. I've tried to replicate this baby at home to no avail.Our loft was two floors, a steam/shower room, a bathroom with 2 televisions, an infinity pool, Bulvgari bath accouterments, a huge soft bed, a pillow menu, floor to ceiling windows, original art, a large screen tv, man I could go on forever before even mentioning that we had a private butler. Pretty much anything we wanted, he would find. We were presented with menus from all of the restaurants in the MGM all of which would provide us room service and was then timed so that our meals would arrive at the same time even though we ordered from two different restaurants.We also had a bath menu, where we could select various oils and salts to be placed in the bath, more chocolates, more juice.Man, the entire experience was incredibly decadent and amazing. I would absolutely go back because it was, bar none, the best treatment I have ever received in a large hotel (I'm generally more of a b&b girl) and everything was all about genuine quality, quite the difference from the tacky sheen that covered the majority of Vegas (which is not to say I didn't love the tackiness as well. I mean, c'mon, you're in Vegas what the hell do you expect? Shakespeare on the Park?)
5	Stayed here for four nights. That's a long time to be in Vegas but not when you're at Skylofts.Loved the Maybach airport service, Bvlgari au the blanc (white tea) scented rooms and lobby, remote-controlled everything, attentive service and incredible amenities. Didn't love that it's at the top of the MGM Grand, which doesn't have much going for it other than Joel Robuchon and Cirque du Soleil's Ka. Also, while the in-room breakfast service is fine, the food on the non-breakfast menu is terrible. Order from Nob Hill or Shibuya (the butler sets up a beautiful presentation in the dining room) or dine out. The concierge can get you reservations anywhere.Make sure you request a view of the Strip, as I've heard that some of the suites overlook the airport and Hooters.Definitely worth trying at least once if you can get over the MGM address.
5	Two years ago, as a college student checking in for our group's 2nd night (yes we were poor students who switched rooms to get more comps)Host: "Sorry we have no more deluxe rooms"Me: "WTF $#@ (in my head)"Host:  "We'll just give you a free upgrade"Me: "Thanks (thinking: ~50 more sq ft")Host: "Please follow me to the VIP room"Concierge: "Hello, please follow me through these doors to the elevator"-1-2-3...29th floor?-blue lighted elevator hallway, front desk before the corridorsMe: "thinking: wtf is going on"Concierge: Opens double door: "Welcome to the skyloft"Me: "!@#$%^&*"Friends:  "where are you, tell us the room number"Me: "I can't, I need to come get you guys through some other elevator"Friends: "STFU, what's the the F@#$ing room number"Me: "hahahahha"- 2 stories- floor to wall windows,- pool table- massive living room- private tv room- dining room with views- 7-8 plasmas?- 2 bed rooms- HUGE rainfall shower rooms- plasmas in the bathroom- THE most comfortable beds on earthThe views were amazing, the "loft" was at least 2-3 times the size of my townhouse back at school, details are tough to remember that far back as we were in a state of constant %!$@#So, I would say pretty good deal for the price of our original deluxe room.RIDONKULOUS
5	Ok the Sky Loft is the only way to indulge yourself in Las Vegas. Combination great customer service and luxury. Don't know where to beginStayed here about 5-6 times. It will cost u a pretty penny. Starts out at $1050 on a weekday. Come with a group of about 6-10 n its a great price. Plasma tv everywhere. Pool table. 4 living rooms two spa tubes. Shower fits 5. Rain shower head. Makes u feel like ur in the rainBest coffee machine ever. All the movies u want. Even the ones not on DVD yetBeautiful beautiful Beautiful........... Only thing my last visit. While being dropped off at the airport by the maybach we curb side checked our bags. Bags never made it home.Either the baggage guy stole them or someone on our flight. It was the last flight. We got to the baggage claim right away and saw the first bags coming out. The may bach brought attention but it should Sucks*TIP* no curb side check in. Wait til ur bag is drop into luggage wheel before leaving. Take all valuable item on carry on
5	The absolute pinnacle of Las Vegas living.  My friend, a Vegas expert (13 trips in 2 years) had been salivating over this place since he fell in love with Vegas.  For our annual Vegas trip, we decide to go grande or go casa this time around.  With the bad economy, and our friend's AMEX Platinum card, we got a pretty decent deal on this place.  This place is worth every $ we spent.  I don't think I can function away from this place when I go to Vegas anymore.  PIMP pad.  I also suffered from butler withdrawals when I got back home.I stayed at the 2-bedroom lofts.  Here's a quick rundown of our room.9 tv's in the loft, endless supply of Voss water and soft drinks, 2 infinity tubs (a tub within a tub, so that you can run the water non-stop), Bvgari bath products, bathrooms larger than your typical Vegas hotel room, a steam room, 3 living rooms, a fooseball table (or pool table), and multiple remotes that control music, climate, drapes, tvs.You also get special access to an express elevator that only stops, at the Skylofts floor, and special entrance to the MGM Grand, and Butler service is out of this world.  You can also order from any of the restaurants in the MGM Grand, and have free gym access by the pool.ETA: I can't believe I forgot to talk about the Maybach.  $450k ride, more free voss water, and chairs that recline all the way back...and just wreaks of leather.Will need to try to look at staying this place again.PERFECTION.
5	By far the best rooms in Las Vegas.Best features:2 stories, floor to ceiling windows, topnotch butler service, top of the line coffee machine, waterfall spa, and remote controlPrice Comparable with:Wynn parlor suite (but don't waste your money on that)Gets a tad hot in the summer due to the 2 story high glass window, turned the AC to max didn't help much. Other than that, no complains.Regrets:Not getting a ride in their Maybach they offered as their airport shuttle
5	This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas, apart from the lake front "1500" suite at The Bellagio or Villa #1 at The Mirage.  I have stayed at least 5 times at this point.  The service is impeccable, the styling by Tony Chi will inspire you, and the rooms are flat out amazing!  The good news is that the price isn't that outrageous for Las Vegas.  You could certainly spend a lot more for less at other properties.  I know I have.To start, the hotel will pick you up and drop you off at the airport as a complimentary service.  They use a fleet of Maybachs, so if you have never been in one, here is your chance.  It is very luxurious, but the ride will be short since the Skylofts are on the top floor of the MGM Grand, which is right next door to the airport.  If a Maybach isn't available, they send a limo, but I have never had that happen.Once you arrive at the hotel, an agent will meet you at the car to escort you directly to your room for check-in.  This is a nice touch as I loathe waiting in a hotel lobby for check-in with a ton of people.  They walk you through the MGM Grand lobby into the VIP, where there is a private hidden bank of elevators that go directly to the top floor of the hotel without stopping.  This is nice because the MGM Grand elevators (there are 6 in each bank) are always FILLED with people and stop at nearly every floor.  When you need the elevator, you just walk past the crowds, through a set of double doors, and into a private elevator to the top.  Stay at the MGM Grand one time and you will understand why this is so valuable for a pleasant overall experience.When you get the the Skyloft lobby on the top floor, the design will immediately embrace you.  This hotel looks NOTHING like the MGM Grand below.  It is an entirely different property, and it shows.  There isn't a theme so much as a lot of natural elements like earth, fire, water, etc.  You feel different once you enter, and it holds throughout the entire experience.  The designer created everything down to the uniforms worn by the staff.  As you walk by staff members, they stop what they are doing, stand up, and greet you.When you get to your room, a butler is waiting, complete with white gloves, a tray, and a complimentary cocktail or freshly squeezed glass of juice.  The check-in is quick and requires a few signatures.  Then, the butler will show you around your apt. and the amenities (if you are there for the first time).  It takes a minute to figure everything out because there is a lot of stuff.  I have always stayed in a 2-bedroom unit, but they also have 3-bedroom and 1-bedroom spaces.  The butler will offer to press your clothes or provide any other services you may need.The 2-bedroom is approximately 3,000 sqare feet on two levels.  Downstairs, you have a dining area for 8, a living room next to the dining room, a pool table room (sometimes a foos ball table), a movie theater with surround sound and a powder bath, a second living room, a breakfast nook with coffee machine (the kind that makes an assortment of drinks using packets) and a sexy entry foyer with a stairway to the upstairs.  The entire place is luxury and you will feel special just being there.The upstairs has large art installation common space between the two bedrooms.  One room has two queen beds and a huge, spa-style bathroom, and the master has one king bed with the even better spa-style bathroom.The entire place is completely teched out.  There are Lutron lighting controlers with buttons in the entry that say "day, night, mood, etc".  One click and the entire apartment is set.  There are also Crestron controllers in every room and Bang and Olufsen butterfly stereos in the bedrooms and movie theater.  There are iPod docks in nearly every room as well, and the shades are motorized.  The list goes on and on...The master bathroom has a huge steam shower with about 9 heads including a rain shower head, a negative-edge soaking tub with led lights and jacuzzi jets, a powder room with bidet, televisions inside of the bathroom mirrors, a dressing area with full length mirrors and lovely storage cabinetry, a scale, a separate bathroom music controller, a large flat screen over the tub, and fantastic robes, towels, and spa products.  The guest bathroom has everything I just listed minus the steam shower feature.  It also has a table with 4 chairs in the dressing area.The entire place is setup to party.  The best part, you can go crazy in here with the music on full blast and nobody can hear you.  Likewise, you can't hear anybody else.  It is like a Vegas dream come true if you hate hearing the doors of your neighbors open and close during your entire stay.I am running out of space, but there is a lot more to share.  There is a service entrance to the apt. where the staff can enter your unit and deliver things like the best room service EVER without bothering you.  I could write for an hour about the food options.  5 stars!!!!!
5	Skyloft in MGM... apart from the regular rooms in MGM.... it is very modern and chic.  We've stayed in the 1 bedroom and 2 bedroom suites before.  The rooms has plenty of space and the service is very attentive.  The rooms are huge could fit 3-4 people at least in a 1 bedroom and more than 10 in 2 bedroom if you really wanted to.  Cons:  you would want to stay in the room 24/7.. which leaves not  enough time for gambling!
5	Can't go wrong with Skylofts....I've stayed here quite a few times now (at least 6) and each time is as good, if not better, than the last.  (Though I don't think anything will ever top my first time walking in and my jaw hitting the ground.)  Personalized service is the best part.  They always know who I am, who I'm with, what I like and dislike, and have it waiting.  I'm the world's pickiest person when it comes to having a soft and comfortable bed and I really appreciated their no-questions-asked approach to stacking about 5 duvets under the sheets in order to make it comfortable for me. Skylofts elevators, Skylofts concierge, and private Skylofts entrance/exit (really, really, really handy when you don't want to wait in the 50-mile long MGM cab line) are the icing on the cake.  Others have commented at length on the features and their quality, and that stands.  I wish they'd put Skylofts in the Encore - my Vegas dream team would be born :)
5	I was lucky enough to stay here once. The rooms are amazing, the top two floors of MGM and they have fantastic views of the strip. The service is excellent too, with butlers, concierge, and a special number for room service to skip the long wait, along with many other great services. The only downside is that it can be hard to leave the room since they are so great. It's expensive to stay here but it is definitely worth the money.
4	Nice place, great service, little far from main attraction..other than that, great place,
5	Wow! I've seen some luxurious places in Las Vegas, but as far as I can tell, Skylofts at MGM Grand has them all beat! Skylofts aren't just some rooms in Las Vegas. They aren't just some place you stay. No. Skylofts are an experience of luxury and high-life that complete your Las Vegas adventure. Attending a preview/Twitter party hosted by MGM Grand, I had the fortunate opportunity of viewing one of these opulent lofts on the 29th floor of the MGM Grand. The decor is modern and clean, and the particular loft I was viewing had a two-level deck with a jacuzzi on the second level. The loft itself was also two levels, with a kitchen/living area and a media room on the first level. The entire loft is equipped with Bang & Olufsen technology because luxury should be experienced by all of your senses.Skylofts come in one, two and three bedrooms. Our particular loft for this exclusive preview was a two bedroom, with both rooms located on the second level. Each bedroom was complemented with an outstanding bathroom which featured infinity bathtubs and steam shower stalls built for two (or possibly more). The master bedroom included a mini gym with enough equipment for a vigorous workout. A large study separated the two bedrooms for those types who actually work on vacation. But, I guess one would have to get some work done while on vacation in order to pay for such decadence. However, this is decadence definitely worth paying for. If you can afford it, staying at the Skylofts is a must-do. It's the kind of place you dream of and never want to leave.
5	If you can afford this place.... try this place once in your life.... It comes with the following:VIP service everywhere you go within the MGM propertiesYou own personal butlerPrivate driver takes you around anywhere in your own May-Back It's nutts but insane pricey... about $1800 and up per night  =)
5	This was hands down the best Penthouse I have ever stayed in. I stayed in the 2 Bedroom suit. Came with a Limo or Maybach if available and a 24 hour butler service that will find or get whatever you want. Expensive! Well worth it!
5	For my 200th review, I want to re-live my stay at the Skylofts at MGM. I came here with my good friend and her family friend had gotten us a room here for free! This place makes me not want to stay anywhere else in Vegas. This pad is seriously baller. Our room came with our own personal concierge who made all dinner reservations for us as well as made sure we got into the clubs we wanted to visit. The room also came with our own gold limo who would take us wherever we pleased! Now onto the loft itself--the amenities included:-Two Bedrooms-Game room with a theater and a fooz ball table-Steam room-Jacuzzi-TVs in EVERY imaginable place (including in the mirror)-Large beautiful walk in closetsTry this place if you can. It definitely beats cramming 7 people into one room!
4	Stayed here for 4 nights with 5 of my girls!! yayyyy for finishing law school and double yayyy for being able to share it with my girls!! This place makes me want to hire a butler--well sort of. Got picked up at the airport, went to the hotel and took a nap while waiting for my girls to fly in. We ordered room service because we didnt want to go down the strip to eat the first night. The spa service comes right to your door---wish i can bring that back to LA. The design is definitely inviting. It makes me want to buy a loft in LA and renovate it with the same design. As I always say go big( well semi big)) or go home.
5	This place is amazing. And I'm sure a family of 20+ can live here because friends of 20+ chipped in and stayed here for a night ;pFriends of friends invited us here for a birthday hotel party that included strippers, drinks, and a butler. YES, I SAID, BUTLER! It was extravagant to say the least. Especially because it was Pacquiao/Cotto fight weekend and Cotto was in the sky lofts next to us. We were tempted to bother his sleep but, alas, he lost anyways AND we had strippers to deal with.
4	we stayed 1 night for my husband's 40th. in a 1 bedroom Wow! If only I could always stay here.... this would be the life sans kids...minus 1 star b/c there were some glitches with the limo and other stuff that was supposed to happen but didn't with the room.the bathtub! infiniti tub was the best. how often do you get to overflow a tub! though the jets were patheticamazingly enough this place was WAY kid friendly!!  our butler gave our 4 year old a puzzle with stuffed animal and our 1 year old a bathtub book on arrival! they had the cutest full crib (not the wimpy hotel crib) but this was serious crib! with cute bumper!  (though they didn't have a baby robe and ducky like the London NYC...) but MUCH better crib and the puzzle, etc was great!welcome juice - OJ./cantaloupe and vanillawhen you arrive on the floor you are greeted by skyloft's own special scent? spa-scent? it instantly relaxes you!and the Butler, we had Michael was soo helpful telling us about all the amenities e.g. FREE movies - yeah. i watched like 2. woo hoo!and he also helped arranged a cake for my hubby after we came back from dinner. so thoughtful! made me look good!and the technology! way cool. though a little confusing at first.for those of you with sensitive skin, you may want to ask for humidifier. my daughter and I got dry from all the ac.the steam shower - was HUGE. you could fit like 15 people in there!If you can stay here, do it. I learned that you can eat breakfast at the Mansion as one of the perks of staying here. otherwise, you can't get to see the Mansion... someone's gotta get me into the Mansion!=)
4	It's like a whole other world when you stay at SkyLofts.  From the private entry, to the personal attention you receive from each staff member, it's all surreal.  You don't have to be a celebrity to be treated like one.  Being picked up by your own personal driver, and escorted to your Maybach 62 is only the beginning.  Your butlers are ready to make your stay memorable from start to finish. Exclusive access to VIP seating at shows and sold out restaurants, the list goes on and on.  Will be back again.
5	in response to Eugene B's review-Kobe burgers at 3/4am while extremely intoxicated is one of the greatest things ever. Thank you MGM. Immaculate, Elaborate, Exquisite. One of the best experiences I've ever had.
5	I'll never forget my first visit here, it was years ago, as a corporate gift I received a three night stay here. It was top notch.I travel a lot, and I've seen a lot of fine hotels around the world. This place ranks right up there with the best. It's not even the room so much as the service. When visiting Vegas, I usually hire a driver for the week. The first and second time I stayed here, I called my personal concierge and requested a full time Maybach. The following visits, as I checked-in, they remembered my request and had the car ready to go, when I was picked up from the airport, they had the car stocked with my favorite liquor and they even remembered that I requested a particular color. (Black Maybachs constantly get flagged down by motoring tourists inquiring about directions, it gets annoying)
5	I was attending a business conference and we had a cocktail party in one of the largest skylofts, the two bedroom with the private patio/balcony with your own private jacuzzi. All I can say is Wow, they are beautiful. The chef's employed for the skylofts are amazing, the food was gorgeous, flavorful, different and really just first class. The wines they poured were high end. More importantly getting to tour this unit was a great experience. The views are exquisite, top-notch and decorated very modern. If you need to stay in Las Vegas for a bit of time, this would be the spot to stay. Two bedrooms located upstairs both offered amazing walk-in closets a gym with tv's built into the mirrors in front of the workout equipment.Downstairs was a living room, dining room and large theater type room offering a big screen, stereo and pool table. There is also a small kitchen without a stove, but frig, and microwave.If you can handle the $5000 to $8000 dollar price tag, go for it, you won't be disappointed.
5	I had the best time of the month at any Tweetup inside of the MGM sponsored event at the Skylofts. Entry happened in a secluded area downstairs, near where the taxi's are waiting to pick people up. Outside is the recognizable stretched Maybach limo that shuttles people from the hotel to Aria or where ever the guest would like to go. From there, you are directed to another secluded area to the left of the main hotel check in. Once inside, you'll find many individual tables with super knowledgeable staff that prepare your room and butlers for your arrival. They make sure to go over details like what time you would like food delivered to your room, what drinks you like and if you need any help setting up your clothes in the suite's closet.The Tweetup was held in one of the corner suites on the 29th floor that faced the corner of Excalibur, Tropicana and the New York New York. It had several levels inside and outside on the terrace, complete with a hot tub.Inside of the suite included a sunken living area with steps up to the kitchen and bar areas, an entry foyer linked to the kitchen and finally a media room with billiards. The entire suite included Bang & Olufsen video and audio technology.Upstairs was complete with two bedrooms and a workout area in the master. The bathrooms upstairs inside of each bedroom were equipped with infinity edge bathtubs and steam showers, big enough for several people. Between the two bedrooms was a generously sized study that could accommodate the busiest of professionals.If given the opportunity to visit the MGM Skylofts again, I would clear my schedule to make that happen. The butler service during the Tweetup was amazing, each person is equipped with secret service style headsets and can deployed at any given moment. The guest service they provided was fitting to that level of luxury.
5	JUST A LIST OF WHAT I TOOK ADVANTAGE OF! -steamed showers-private jacuzzi with colored lights-8 flat screened televisions-free movies-butler -foosball -movie room-automated curtains-bvlgari bath products-controlled lighting (mood, evening, day)-starbucks coffee and premium tea-a remote that controlled my environmentNEED I SAY MORE? U FANCY HUH!?! YES. I SURE WAS.
5	Seriously? We had the pleasure of staying at the Skylofts a few months back and wow... I think I'm forever spoiled. With three giant rooms, three living rooms, two levels, three bathrooms, TVs galore, foosball, and a butler! Really, what can I even say? It's mucho dinero to stay here, so unless you're a whale, business partner, or know someone who is... you'll probably never get to see these amazing facilities.
5	Whimper.....they had to pry my cold dead hands from the door jams.  No really...I was born to be rich....really...My son and I spent the whole weekend walking around the suite shaking our heads...my son considered seeing if the butler would do his homework..we were at a loss to know what to ask him to do.  Little elegant treats showed up in the room even if we left the room for a few minutes.  What a great experience!!!
4	Yes Yes Yes....i know, this room is super nice,....but my friend's boyfriend paid $1600 per night on a Wednesday and Thursday.  I seriously can't imagine spending that amount of money for a room though, you know what i mean?? You could definitely find an extremely nice room at another hotel for about $300 per night on a weekday, right? My girlfriend just met this guy...maybe he's trying to impress her but i surely didn't approve of her encouraging him in getting this room. These rooms are good if you like gadgets, TV's, and staying in your room all day.  To tell you the truth, I'd rather spend my money on good food, entertainment, and good alcohol.  Nonetheless, I did have a good time here.  The only complaint I have is that there is too much walking involved at this hotel.  To get anywhere in this hotel takes at least 10-15 minutes....
5	Guess I'm one lucky gal, because I've stayed int he skylofts twice!  The last visit was our wedding night. (aaawww!)The skylofts will make you feel super important if you're not and well taken care of if you are.  The rooms are modern and techological to say the least.  My poor mother disrobed for a bath and couldn't figure out how to work the tub.  She called the butler...he offered to come help....she screamed, "NO, Don't come in here!"  Regardless, he was able to give her instructions over the phone.  There's digital screen remote thingies for drapes, music, tv, and lights.  It's more than a little complicated.  You can dock your ipod into the wall and play music through the whole suite, if you can figure it out.HANDS DOWN the best shower you will ever take.  There are about 6 - 8 shower heads with 2 huge raining heads in the ceiling.  Once again, you'll get blasted with hot and cold water from every direction until you figure out the way to work the whole system.  But when you work it out and lather up in bvlgari and scrub down with your natural sea sponge and rinse off with the warm rain, you'll be in heaven.  The magic skyloft elves with leave little cookies, and treasures around your room, including beautiful orchids on your pristine fluffy white bed. We awoke to a beautiful platter of chocolate covered strawberries after our wedding.The best part of the skylofts is the welcome juice.  They bait you with this magical concoction right when you walk in the door.  Gorgeous crystal stemware on a sterling platter handed to you with a white glove.  Inside the vessel?? A bright opaque orange liquid dotted with vanilla bean speckles.  I don't even drink juice but this stuff is awesome!  SO what happens when you wake up in the morning you may ask?? Well, you have an inexplicable craving for the mysterious welcome juice.  The butler will have it to you in minutes..at only $8 per glass plus 20% gratuity, it's a steal.  I called and asked what it is made of, an secret blend of cantaloupe, orange and vanilla.  I've tried ever since to recreate it but it's impossible.I specifically remember sitting on the sill of the floor to ceiling 2 story windows on the 20 somethingth floor gazing at the bright lights and busy strip below, munching on smoked salted nuts from the minibar and thinking....I've arrived.
5	This place was total Vegas heaven! From being picked up in the Maybach to drinking welcome juice with Belvedere. We were waited on like we were actually important. From walking off the plane to getting back on the plane we were waited on hand and foot by the nicest people ever. I proposed to my girlfriend here and was the greatest day of our lifes. Could not have been any better unless of course we had won a bunch of money in the casinos. Staying anywhere else will be ruined forever and now I wish my house was as nice as the Sky Loft.
5	We stay in Vegas about once a month. One expects excellent service at a hotel of this caliber, but the Skylofts service is remarkable even when compared with like hotels.Anything you want? Done. Your butler will pre-stock the fridge with Coke products, but ask if you want them switched to Pepsi. If there is anything missing from what you usually prefer, it will be added immediately.If you want a movie that is not in the DVD library, without hesitation they will run out and purchase it and deliver it to your room.I asked about ordering food from restaurants within the MGM. Within moments the butler delivered all menus from every restaurant. Anything can be ordered and will be delivered very quickly, usually within 30 minutes.We ordered from Pearl=excellent chefs menu, Wolfgang Pucks=big fan of their tea, and normal in room dining=the banana split rocks!I had an additional room at the MGM for my kids, the staff checked in for the other room and had the keys waiting for us.I wanted tickets to Blueman. They bought them and had them delivered right away.The bathtub is super cool invisible edge circulating fountain type thing. Nice. The shower is very nice with combo steam room/ multi-shower head deal going on. Nice.Spa? Nice. Massage=mediocre, Facial=excellent, Mani/pedi=normal, Hairstyling with Eric= damned awesome, never ever had better.Negatives? The only thing I had trouble with was getting the bedroom, which is in the loft part of the suite, down to a cool temperature for sleeping. I couldn't get it below 74, which is too warm for me. They did deliver fans and it helped. But despite my love of the hotel, it might prevent me from choosing it on our next visit to Vegas.
5	5th time Staying at the Skylofts. Better every time.
4	Wow what a view!  My friends and I were down here for a 21st birthday.  Let's just say, their one-bedroom suite was wonderful!  Our room featured a hot tub, full kitchen, and two televisions.My only gripe had to be the roughly 1 mile (yes I measured) walk from the suite to the parking structure.  Certainly a bummer when your friends have the vallet spot and you had to park in the structure and walk.
5	Life should be like at Skylofts at MGM! Best staying ever!
5	Awesome! Luxury at its best!
5	WOW! Luxurious and VIP Accomodation at it's finest! Not to mention how much more luxurious it will get once the MGM is done renovating! You can pretend for the weekend that you are a VIP, a celebrity, a somebody! Hahahah. I am lucky and thankful that i get the privilege of being able to stay at the Skyloft every time i come to Vegas not because I am rich or a big timer but because i know a VIP. 2 Stories of extravagence i tell ya!Some highlights of staying in the Skyloft.-the welcome juice!!!!!!!!!-You get your own entrance to the elevators. You need your room key in order to go up so if you have friends over, you have come get them unless they have the key.-Personal chauffeur for any of your needs. Rode a Maybach to Aria just to eat lunch. Yes even though Aria is walking distance from MGM. haha. Recently they got a Rolls Royce Ghost. There are also the limos. Need a ride back to your room from XS? Give them a call and they are on their way pronto. -Get picked up from the airport or get dropped off to the airport in their RR-Ghost. Ride in style. -complimentary Eat, snack, and drink at the Mansion. Only those who know knows this place.-Want to play the latest  games or DVDs? They will go out and buy it so you can play it in your room.-Foosball and pool table. 10 seater dining table as well as a long marble wet bar. Full kitchen with microwave, sink, and fridge. -Order food from anywhere and they can deliver. Even McDonalds. lol-Those complimentary chocolates are freakin delicious!!!! Fully stocked full size refrigerator. We always ask for extra Veuve Cliquot  to drink and to take home. Sodas, juice, mixers, and VOSS water EVERYWHERE!-Surround sound systems all over the entire skyloft, multiple TVs EVERYWHERE,  lightings, you can have a party in the loft and forgo clubbing if that's your thing.-Their bathroom is amazing. Shower looks pretty complicated with all these knobs and water spouts but pretty cool! I love their Bvlgari toiletries. Smells so nice.-You need something, anything, they got it for you. Personal butler.-outdoor Jacuzzi with an awesome deck overlooking Las Vegas Blvd  = Priceless
5	The view from the skyloft was amazing. I stayed there right after it was completed, I was one of the tech designers from Bang and Olufsen. The service and the view are something to see remember you are 29 stories up over the Las Vegas strip. I can only imagine how it would look on New Years eve with all the fireworks going off. The maybach was a great touch also. can't wait to stay there again.......
5	Um. Can I live here? Permanently?Ever wondered what two levels of pure excellence looks like? Stay here. I came here for a work event and was lucky enough to stay here.  Walked into the not-so separate entrance to check in, which didn't really make any sense to me, but the staff mentioned that some of the guests that were staying there complained that they had to go to the "regular" check-in lobby, so they built a separate. Either way you still have to walk across to get to the loft rooms. Once you're up to the Skylofts, you immediately see the difference between MGM and Skyloft. I guess you really do pay for what you get. Even the hallways were fancier!!Walked in with one of the Butlers who then poured us a freshly juiced cup of cantaloup juice, while the other room had watermelon juice! I think we maximized the use of our butler service within the first hour of being there. They bring everything in a tray. BATHROOM: The bathroom is HUMONGOUS. The closet was big enough to store both my friend and my luggage, and pillows, there was a little table in front of the infinity tub.There's an infinity tub, but if you're small, it's not quite all the hype. It takes awhile for the tub to get filled, but once it did, it looked relaxing. You have the option to turn on colored lights that coincide with the bubbles from the jet to make the full effect.  I hopped in the tub in hopes of relaxation, turned on the music, but for most of the time, I was fighting to stay down in the tub, but kept on floating up instead. After 10 minutes, I gave up. The showers in the rooms were different. The master room had a steam shower and a bidet. The shower in the room I was staying at had multiple heads, I was pretty excited at first, but realized, it wasn't so great. I like a rainstorm when I take a shower, now a drizzle. There's not much waterpower.  A little disappointment.  There were his and hers sinks in both bathrooms, however, the counter space was smaller than then MGM Suites. Both the MGM Suites & The Skylofts offered slippers and robes, but the one at the MGM Suites were better. Softer and fluffier. ROOM: The beds and the blankets were extremely soft, add the pillows on the pillow menu and youre good to go. I think  I could have stayed in bed all day if I didnt have events planned for the trip. The cleaning service was great, every time we stepped out and came back, the room was spotless. They even re-organized our messy makeup counter!GYM: Yes, I'm that kind of gal, I'll still fit a workout in between a trip. Not anything special to the gym, it just has one treadmill and one elliptical. you need one of the guest services staff to let you in, but the view is great. Every night they bring you a small tray of goodies.The remote control is great once you figure it out, but someone in the living room or any other room, can turn the lights off in your room and mess with you. Perks: You''re invited to an "invite only" breakfast area where not even the high rollers are invited,  but the high HIGH HIGH rollers of the casino are invited (most expensive beef noodle soup and chinese donut i've ever had...)Overall, if you can, high recommended to stay here!!
5	Needless to say, this ultra luxury accommodation tops all the expectations people are expecting from all the review below so far. I just want to add few additional comments to highlight their beyond-this-world services during my engagement weekend stay! I wanted to proposed to my gf for 5-yr and MGM Skyloft made the whole experience even much sweeter. Here are a couple of extra highlight during my stay. 1) The expresso machine was broken but both myself & my guests know nothing about it. After testing it few times with no success, I dialed for the 24-hour butler service and a guy came and informed me that the machine is broken after testing it. Within 20 minutes, he was able to get a fully functional expresso machine installed and working. 2) On the night before my departure, I went to the Concierge desk at our floor asking whether they are able to obtain an empty box for my gf to put the flowers in so that we can carry it onto the plane. The lady kindly replied that she will find out and let me know. I walked back to my room, which is toward the end of the hall way. The moment I walked in, one of my guests told me that concierge called and said flower box is not available until the flora shop opens at 8am. It was extremely fast that they will help to resolve your concerns of issues immediately!
5	One word: butler
5	Can't really imagine how anyone can give the Skylofts anything other than 5 stars.  Basically, the easiest way to describe the place is the nicest everything and anything you want they have either thought of or will get for you.The view may be the best part.  A beautiful view of the strip and then tons of space and anything and everything you need.Someone else can maybe compare if there are differences in the different rooms, but the one I was in had everything and was two stories with 2 bedrooms upstairs and a workout area.  Downstairs was a kitchen, a couple sitting areas, a balcony with an amazing view.  Very, very, very nice and I am glad I wasn't paying for it.
5	Enjoy being spoiled. The butler and concierge will do everything for you from the instance you step out of the airport and back in. Feel like a VIP! Where some celebs stay at :)Soffered by Rolls Royce Ghost: Thirsty, water is on the side and sit back for a nap before MGM. Then roll up to the Skyloft entrance with a small office with a concierge there, next to general. Cab/Limo: Roll through the concierge area to get a ride from the doorman.MGM Pool: Wet Republic Event usually is free unless there is an event then there is a price. Ask the concierge to contact a hostess for you, so you can get the tickets from there and just walk in (skip the lines).Butler/Service: Superb. You'll get your items within 10minutes. Butlers are pretty chill. This place definitely knows how to make you feel at home. Call as many times as you like.Rooms: 2 stories. 2 Rooms is pretty awesome, still can have them bring roll away beds for the 2 extra living rooms downstairs. You have one bigger common area with a view, dining room with small fridge for your unlimited free water and soda. Foosball or Pool Table in one area (depends on your place), one downstairs bathroom, Two bathrooms upstairs with a grand closet, nice showers with 3 different  sprays and 2 infinity tubs, tvs in mirrors. And everything controlled basically by remote (curtains, music, lighting, etc). Con is the remote doesn't work very well, de-sensitized? P.S. The shower water is definitely purified, feels awesome on your skin.Includes: Unlimited water and soda. Slippers, random amenities. espresso tea machine, the usual etc. Menu is pretty pricey (2 eggs for around $22+?).We ordered Cake Pops from http://www.cmycakeslv.com/ to be delivered and it was awesome! Its not part of MGM, so you'll have to go downstairs to bring them up to you guys. Super nice! And delish! They're fb page: https://www.facebook.com/cmycakeslv. Wonder if the butler can pick these up for us next time.Elevator: Enter via general entrance with back door entrance to elevators to Skyloft or enter through conceriage area straight to the elevator. Enter your skyloft card to get to the skylofts. Yes like Victoria L. says...."Can I live here? Permanently?"
1	COMPLETE BLACKOUT! No power in our room no A/C. 100 degrees outside 90 degree in our room. On top of that security mainly "OFFICER COLE" wouldn't let us take pictures of the blackout cause he said " it's a security breech" and he made me open my phone and delete 5 pictures which included a couple pictures of my wife next to the Lion in the lobby. Worst experience ever! If you want to be racial profiled or harassed by security or have blackout with no A/C in your room this is the place for you! All I can say is, I have never felt Harassed ever in my life until today. They'll definitely hear from my Lawyer!
3	I want to give a 5 but our aC was broken and they only gave me 65 dollars back.....Like come one really? Ac broken in vegas? Nice rooms though
5	This place is heaven on Earth! Went here last weekend with some friends for the third time, and it was amazing as usual. We were picked up from the airport in the dedicated Phantom Ghost, and we arrived to the private Skylofts entrance. A member of the concierge staff walked us up to the room and explained all the perks and amenities. This includes 24 hour butler service, free sodas and water, comped entrance into almost any day/night club. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite, which had strip views, a billiard table, and a steamroom/shower. The loft is technologically advanced, and everything can be controlled by a master remote (lights, music, drapes, etc.) Our butler was Leroy, who was awesome and super helpful. He showed us how to use the tricky espresso machine, and brought us some welcome guava drinks. The rest of the staff was also very courteous and really went the extra mile to make our stay a great one. It's hard going back to the real life after staying here for a few nights.
5	Bachelor Party in Las Vegas whilst staying at the Skyloft. Yes again please!!!This place was amazing. As mentioned. From the moment you land from the airport to the check in, greet, and entry. This place is superb. Huge rooms, nicely sized beds, with large high cieling office and play area. Super amazing time. The butler was a really cool dude, but i was really close to giving this place a 4 star. we spent like over 300-500 on food over two nigts, and most of it wasnt good at all. Even the pizza wa funktfied smelly. Good job MGM. next time i can afford this, i am coming home!!!
5	Beautiful, classy, spacious, and luxurious are all adjectives that do not do this place justice. The initial disappointment from looking at pictures and stepping into the room quickly subsided once you step out onto the patio. All of the rooms are a little different. Some larger than others, but overall there is nothing to complain about. We thought that it read as a two bedroom but got one which only had one. The downstairs living room made for a comfortable sleeping arrangement. The two focal points of the whole suite was the bathroom and the outdoor area. The former was humongous; a two person jacuzzi tub, a rainfall shower, built in massaging jets, a separated toilet area, two sink vanity, and a TV in the mirror. It was sweet! As for the patio; there were plenty of couches, a music system that swept throughout the inside and out, a TV, and a dining table. We stumbled home around 3am one night, sat outside, and ordered room service while watching TV. It was the best night ever. As it is getting a little nippier, wrap yourself in one of their robes. They are plush.Just a note. Ask what amenities comes in your suite when purchasing. Not all are created equal.
5	Stayed here for my girlfriends bday for several nights. Incredible experience. Was picked up by a Rolls Royce Ghost from the airport. The room was amazing, everything you can ask for. In addition I was able to see and dine and the MGM Mansions as well. HIghly recommended and worth the price of admission :)
5	No idea where to begin. I've never been to a place that has a "Pillow Menu" with about 20 different kinds of pillows. I have never slept in a bed that I would want to spend the rest of my life in. It's hard when I'm in Vegas to tear me away from the casinos, but at the Sky Loft? I didn't want to leave the damn room. You have your own butler on call; your own chauffeur who drives you to and from the airport in a Rolls Royce Ghost; steam room in the glass shower with views of the strip throughout both floors; your own private lounge on the entire penthouse floor where they all know you by name.... There are only 2 things known to make me cry. Onions, and leaving the Sky Lofts. Like a baby, every time. ***PUT THIS ON YOUR BUCKET LIST!!***.... In other words, mucho recommendo.
5	stayed for a friends party...all i have to say is WOW! 10 stars and beyond! Glam to the Max! Thank u to all the workers for being so nice too!
5	Our new favorite spot to stay in LV.  The sky lofts are great if you have a large group and want to all stay together.  Of course it's a steep price, but you get a decent amount of space for what you pay for.  The 2 BR loft we stayed in had a game room, TV room with couch, and two other living room areas as well as a dining area.  There were 2 BR and 2.5 bathrooms, so it was great for a group of 6, since we just spread out all over.  The room came with complimentary juices, water, espresso machine.  It was just a very comfortable experience including the limo/town car rides to/from the airport.If you stay there you can dine at "The Mansion" which is pretty expensive.  The food was good, not sure it justified the price, but it was still pretty fun feeling like high rollers at least.  The mansion restaurant has a weird underground route you have to be escorted to by your butler and then the dining area is really nice in the enclosed italian courtyard inspired atrium (a huge atrium).  Some villas look onto the atrium and the waiter said that celebrities usually rent out those places for $10K+ a night.  Overall a fun experience and good for a bachelor party I would think.
5	I attended a bachelor/bachelorette party hosted at one of the corner lofts and I left impressed. The layout was meant for hosting, and it served as the perfect setting for our private party. The furniture and decor was modern and stylish. I loved the wall art, whoever chose it knew their way around design. The upstairs was nice and it offered plenty of room to unwind. The master bathroom was plenty big enough for a few people to get ready. However, the highlight of the unit was the outdoor patio (300sq/ft.? More). The view was amazing! We overlooked the strip, and probably a 270 degree view. The couches were comfortable and there were a couple of sectioned off areas that allowed for smaller groups to unwind. It was a first class experience from start to finish.
5	You have never had service until you have stayed here!  First off, a Roles Royce phantom ghost to pick you up from the airport. Then no lines anywhere.  Special entrance, escorted to the room, special elevator, a butler.  Yeah, its really that good.  Unlimited Voss waters.  Mini bar, is a real bar.  Oh, then you get to the room and realize its 2 stories and could sleep 12 if need.  Room was modern, full features, perfect.  If you have some dough to throw at your room, here is the place to do it.  We stayed 1 night and wish it was 3, but we had a prior reservations at he Mandarin Oriental on the strip.
5	just one thing.......take care of the guy at the counter, the valet guy, the luggage guy, the door guy, the table games guy/girl, the drink server, these people live of tips....ok the truth is the guy or girl at the counter will make sure you get what you want if you only ask and tip, the valet will make sure your car is safe and nothing goes missing, the luggage person makes sure your items make it to your room, the table games person tips you off when the table is hot, if you understand their body language, the drink server keeps them coming. The lofts are unbelieveable, everything you will need for a Las Vegas experience. Join the Club.......Mlife
5	I've got TVs in mirror !  This place is dope.  Free drinks in room and a free ride to the airport.
1	Allow me to begin with a word of advice to anyone considering a luxury, First Class, vacation experience: When you first arrive at your hotel, if things begin going badly from the start, find an alternate destination- IMMEDIATELY!  I have rarely had things recover from a bad start, and this trip was no different.  Our room was not ready until 4pm, and only then because I said I was leaving (they got me back for pushing- read on)I am a Repeat Customer to Skylofts.  I have always hated the MGM casino but loved Skylofts enough to put up with walking through the MGM Casino.  Now, unfortunately, MGM has taken over from whoever owned or ran Skylofts before. ( I actually asked at one point- "Let me guess, MGM took over this place, right?")("Yes- how did you know?") #DontLoveSkyloftsAnyMore.  It has become the rotting cherry on top of the pile of awful that is the MGM Grand Hotel.Decor and Suite size, of course, always great.  I recommend staying in one of these suites (preferably in Winter) to experience the showers just once- you can drown standing up! While landing your helicopter as well! I mean it's big.)Butlers and Bell Staff, mostly great.  Butlers not as plentiful or generous as previous visits."Concierges" HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!  Some of the female concierges get what I like to call, "The Four Seasons Thing" (I can't go to Four Seasons any more, they outlawed smoking there- not that I smoke in Vegas or anything, 'cause that would be wrong), but most of them, particularly one doltish, heavyset fellow who looked like he picked his shirt back up off of the dirty clothes pile that morning (keep the jacket on, buddy), were infuriatingly inept, and did NOT get the "Four Seasons" thing.WEAK AIR CONDITIONING IN AUGUST!!!!!!!!  And for two days, nobody would do anything about it, made lame excuses, and acted like I was being unnecessarily difficult.  ("Your room has windows and that makes it hard to keep cool in Summer")  Finally, after two sleepless nights, I let them know we had enough and would be leaving, and I received a visit from a nice man named Mark, who was some sort of Manager.  He moved us to another room, and things improved.  At least we had air.  And they gave us a nice credit toward room charges.  Why couldn't they have taken action sooner?  I can't get those two nights back, but that is not their problem.  The hilarious finish to that issue was that I had to go back to our old room the next morning to retrive my hot spot wi-fi thingy, and there were three workmen there with tarps and tools spread all over, and the air conditioning was blasting copious amounts of cold air all over them.  Note to self, if you need air conditioning, invite the building painters and HVAC guys up for a drink.Other Highlights:Getting to share our "exclusive" elevator (The "exclusive" elevator to Skylofts serves a number of other floors) with drunken golfers and the other the other lovely party guests of the Meegum, was unpleasant, to say the least.  They all stare as you put your key in the slot and push the large "Skylofts" button, VERY uncomfortable, nowadays.  $9 beers.  Beer tastes so much better when you pay 10x the normal price for it, don't you think?  (I guess $10 was out of the question.)Waiting one hour for bell staff to come get the bags so we can finally GTFO In room coffee makers that don't work- at allIn room refrigerators that don't work- at allScrews and pieces falling off of doors and furnitureRadically uncomfortable pillows and bedding$350 room service dinners for the family.  For sandwiches and pasta- nothing fancy.  Heated up Stairwells, Heated up desks next to heated up windows, Heated up bedrooms, Heat heat heat.(I get it- #wewerehot)The last piece of advice: If a place that used to charge $2,500 a night now charges $1,200 a night, it's not necessarily a good thing.  It may be a sign that those willing and able to foot the $2,500 bill have moved to more suitable digs.  In the case of the Skylofts, that is undoubtedly what has taken place. Guess I'll have to give Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson a shot- but I dislike the red suites (Wynn) and the smell of the Ventian (too perfume-y!)  Ahhh- Bellagio- You Win! (until MGM manages to screw that one up too)
5	that's was great experience for me. nice service and nice rooms
5	Whenever we are in Las Vegas, we don't think of staying anywhere else- not even the Mansions anymore!! From the concierges (except for Sara [Asian, 30 years old], whom was constantly *RUDE* to us), to the butlers, to the bellmen, to the Chefs.Notable concierges include James Choi and Sherman!!!!! And my favorite butler is JUSTIN (Asian, just got married!)!!! Anyway, this trip I had a truly remarkable experience. I was craving Chinese food at 2:15 in the morning. I called down, and they kindly suggested a restaurant on property that had a small offering of Chinese food on the menu. Unfortunately, they were cleaning the part of the kitchen that they cooked the Chinese food in. However, the in-house Skyloft Chef, James, offered to give the Beef with Broccoli I'd asked for a shot. Turned out to be the BEST Beef with Broccoli I have ever had!! Must have been filet mignon, as it melted in my mouth! Room service is a little pricey, but I do not think you can put a price on extraordinary quality. I have yet to eat an even unremarkable meal from room service. Butlers set your table, and then clean up after you are finished. Just an amazing experience from beginning to end. Another great meal was my daily pasta with bolognese sauce (had to have been made from scratch) and fresh mozzarella and garlic bread. Pasta was cooked PERFECT every time and the consistency of the food was almost unbelievable.I especially enjoy the Skylofts because I'm not exactly a "people person." Private elevators whisk you from the casino to your sanctuary high above the Las Vegas strip. Room service is Peninsula caliber, or possibly superior!! Private valet and bellmen make getting your car or luggage up to your room a breeze. We had arrived with our luggage with us and everything was waiting for us when we arrived at our in-suite check in. How did they do it? David Copperfield must have made everything appear upstairs. Also, the design of the rooms and Bang and Olufsen (been a fan since I was 14) electronics is nearly unmatched. The ease of use of the Crestron All-In-One remote control is just sensational.Which brings me to the SINGLE negative aspect of our trip. Sara, a concierge, was remarkably rude the last 2 trips this summer. She was SO rude that I even asked her if I'd done something grossly inappropriate, even though I'm certain that I hadn't, to which her response was "no, sorry." After I asked her why she was rude, she replied, "I'm sorry." I wasn't sure if she was just a rube, or if she thought I was a dullard and wouldn't notice, or care, or what! However, I do know that I count two or three other people that I have encountered in the hospitality industry in my life that have treated me as such. I was not angry, just disappointed. How could someone like this slip through the cracks, and still be there months later (our first stay this summer was Memorial Day). Anyway, I'll probably still be back, but I think I'll write an additional letter to upper management and Fedex it, so someone actually reads it.If you're looking for a PRIVATE, DISCREET, luxurious hotel to stay in Las Vegas, don't look at the Four Seasons (which I've been staying at since I was 12?). They have NOTHING on the Skylofts!!! If you give the Skylofts a shot, you will not be disappointed.
5	This is the place to go for a luxury getaway!!!  You won't be disappointed.  The more you drink, the prettier the room gets!!! I'm kidding.  Just go there.
5	Wow.  Amazing!  We had our wedding at the MGM Grand and decided to stay in a Skyloft Suite and host our small reception there.  We were blown away.  Nic McGinnis met with us three times before the wedding to discuss details and every experience with him left us with the feeling that this would be the least stressful, most fun wedding reception in the history of wedding receptions.  We were right!  Nick had the kitchen custom make two cakes for us, accommodated a menu for 30 people and hired the bartender.  All we had to do was show up.  The service at the reception was amazing, champagne was given to each guest as they walked in the door, our Maid of Honor bought us special toasting glasses for the occasion but we forgot to tell anyone working at Skyloft about this, so we decided it was best to walk over the bar, get our toasting glasses and then make a toast, but when my husband and I walked up to the suite we were greeted at the door by the bartender who had our special toasting glasses filled with champagne for us.  It was amazing.  Our party guests were leaving wine glasses and plates of food all over the place, but you looked back one second later and the plates and glasses were gone.  At one point towards the end of the party we were busy playing a party game and the butlers walked over and started filling our wine glasses with a smile.  It was truly a magical day.  :-)  Additionally, during our stay our butler Christine was amazing.  She helped us convince the Best Man to ditch his vest for the wedding, attended to every request (ipod rentals, tuxedo deliveries and guest check-ins) quickly and efficiently.  Thank you Nic!  Thank you Christine!  You made my wedding day the best day of my life!
5	What's not to love when it comes to staying at the Skylofts?My highlights:Separate valetPrivate elevatorYour very own butler to do whatever the hell butlers doFridge constantly being restocked with beers, Red Bull, sodas, etc.Luxurious and spacious roomsMovie roomPool tableEspresso machineIt's sort of a waste if you don't intend on staying in, but you should definitely experience this at least once.
5	5 stars all the way.I think we will stay here every time we come to Vegas! It does get expensive, but its worth EVERY penny:Pros:-private lobby with snacks and beverages-private butler -private elevator where you have to swipe your card for Skyloft access -rolls royce airport pick up and drop off-AMAZING loft complete with Bang and Olufsen electronics and a Crestron All-In-One remote control that literally controls everything from the drapes to the TV-complimentary beverages in the loft-complimentary movies on demand (they have all the new ones like Frozen, etc) They even have an LCD TV screen in the bathroom mirror LOL-huuuge shower/sauna steam room.  It's a 6 jet shower that literally attacks you with water in every direction haha-free (fast) wifi-access to dine at the Mansion (so worth it)-last minute reservations to Joel Robuchon I can go on and on.  They really go out of their way to make you feel special. It was Valentine's Day weekend and the hubby requested some flowers; they brought up room service with a rose and had a huge beautiful vase of a dozen long stemmed roses waiting for me after breakfast at  the Mansion.  They also accommodated our late check out request and all our dining reservations.  From start to finish the service was impeccable, the rooms luxurious and quiet, and even the room service menu was divine!This is the one place in Vegas where I can confidently say that staying in the loft is more fun then venturing out into the strip.  If you are looking for a romantic getaway, stay here! You won't regret it.  We will be back soon!
5	I will never have a better vacation in my life. The two bedroom suite looking over the strip made the weekend of going out that much better . Our butler was Joe B and we will request him every time we visit .
5	The MGM Skylofts are simply the best of the best of Vegas. If you are looking for first class treatment and first class accommodations, the the Sky Loft is for you. From the Rolls Royce that picks you up to the entire staff greeting you upon arrival to the unbelievable room service and in room dining; there is no better in Vegas. I would like to thank the entire staff for a wonderful stay and I'd like to thank the MGM for the unbelievable room and for creating an offering like the Sky Lofts. Believe me... I'll be back.  5 Stars.
5	Luxury, luxury, luxury!! We stayed here and I felt like a queen. We were brought by limo, escorted to our private lobby to check in then escorted by our guide to our private elevator and up to our room where we were greeted by our private butler holding freshly made drinks. We were given a your of our suite. Our suite was 2 stories, a game room, living room, bar/dining room, kitchen/office area and media room downstairs. A master suite upstairs on one side with a shower bigger than my bedroom at home, and a two bed suite on the opposing side with another luxurious bathroom.We were given turndown service with flowers and candy on our pillows. We had our own espresso machine (if you know me, this was a huge plus). We were given a completely stocked bar and large bowl of fruit to enjoy.This was by far the most amazing place I have stayed, this far. If I could offer the Skylofts at MGM 6+ starts I would in a heartbeat.
5	The Skylofts are in a class of their own. This is by far one of the finest hotels outside of Asia- and the service is unparalleled. I was fortunate enough to stay here for a friend's birthday and it was simply extraordinary. The butler provided five star service and the suite was beautifully appointed and professionally designed.
5	These Skylofts are beautiful.  Each has a great view and windows for days.  The space is larger than I had expected it to be and the design of the rooms were beautiful.  I had special access to a private elevator and didn't have to wait for it.  The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are pleased and exceeded my expectations.
5	About to leave. Initially, we were supposed to be in a sky terrace with connecting. I had initially intended two skyloft but mlife suggested this option which was much cheaper. Checked in a/c broken. Moved us to a skyloft (for sky terrace rate) and a regular room on the floor below. But I sprung for another sky loft at mgm platinum rate. Pure bliss. The butlers. The concierges. The limo to airport. The steam shower, spill over jacuzzi bath, the little details. I still prefer the private pool at the mirage villas, but very comparable.
5	On our recent trip to Vegas, BF's boss got a two story, two bedroom Skyloft for us to hang out in. He and the other owner of the company stayed in the bedrooms upstairs, but the downstairs was for us to spend time in.The loft was gorgeous. It was a 3,000 square foot space with a dining room, breakfast nook, three living areas, a pool table, floor to ceiling windows, and beautiful decor. The bedrooms upstairs were amazing, and the bathrooms were just fantastic. Highlights included:Getting picked up from the airport by a Rolls Royce - since our party was so big, we obviously all couldn't fit in that, so they also sent a limo and a party bus. We had the same transportation back to the airport when the trip was over.Butlers greet you in the loft and help you get settled in.A bartender is also there to prepare cocktails and pour any beer/wine that you want.The loft is set up to pair with Bluetooth, so we could all play whatever music we wanted from our phones, and it played throughout the entire loft.Anything we wanted we had in no time - food, drinks, whatever. I must say, staying in Vegas will not be the same again. I have stayed at numerous hotels, and nothing has compared to this. Hopefully someday I can get some friends to go in on the cost of one of these lovely Skylofts so I can stay here again!
5	Attended a reunion here and the room was amazing. The staff deserved 5 stars! Such a professional and, yet, friendly group. Every detail was addressed. This truly represents Vegas! I highly recommend!
4	For a young group going to vegas this is the best place to stay. Always something to do & it's a great starting point. It's right on the strip so everything's within walking distance plus the pool area is the largest among the casinos in the area.
5	Everyone was extremely friendly, caring, helpful and they are always smiling. I went to NVfor my citizenship ceremony and everyone at the hotel was congratulating me in becoming a U.S. Citizen. Outstanding customer service! If you need to go toLas Vegas, make sure you stay at this hotel. Beautiful hotel and amazing customer service.
5	The skylofts are truly amazing.  We stayed in the two bedroom loft which was about 3000 sq/ft.  There are incredible views of the strip and of the airport.  The rolls royce picked us up at the airport and we bypassed the mile long check in line upon arrival.  We got an escort to the room where the butler was waiting with fresh juice.  All the cokes, fiji water, and sprites included.  The room was incredible.  Completely sound proof and every room and living room has bang and olufson sound systems.  We ordered room service and the butler delivered and set everything up on the dining table.  The food was pricey but very good.  I would highly recommend staying at the skylofts.  You wont regret it!
5	It's hard to look at life the same way after you've stayed at the Skylofts. We're talking about two story lofts, unbelievably luxurious amenities, just gorgeous designs at every corner, and being able to get anything you want or need with just one phone call.Everyone here leaves a 5 star review because it's true, the Skylofts give you a true 5 star feeling. At $10,000 a night, it better! Now, keep in mind, I didn't pay that fee. I simply know somebody who gets sponsored by MGM Grand and he extended his generosity to me. Some reviewers claim the Skylofts are worth every penny. Well, even my friend would say that if he had to pay the full fee, it would NOT be worth every penny. If you could have an incredible double suite at Caesar's Palace for $800, who wouldn't do that instead of spending 10 grand?Like most people who dine at The French Laundry, post the picture of their bill in a very braggadocious manner, and claim it's worth every penny, they usually don't genuinely mean it. Instead, what they're really saying is, "This was insanely expensive and very possibly overpriced. In an attempt to make myself feel better, I will act as if I paid for this comfortably and without a shred of regret, as if my experience was so moving that I would do this as often as financially possible. Here, please act as if you care about this picture of the tab any more than I would care if you posted one. Envy me. Please, envy me. It'll give me the validation I need." Now, before I sound too cynical, I should note that I don't mind people who live flashy lives, so long as they earned their possessions from their own work. Hey, if that's what makes you happy, I'm happy. Just try not to unnecessarily rub it in my face. Now, I'll reiterate that there's so much to love at the Skylofts. We're talking private elevators, pool tables, movie rooms, the best personal service, access to private restaurants, and anything you'd expect if you were part of the 1%. There's a reason I got disillusioned and materialistic from Vegas. And, quite surprisingly, the Skylofts was not a huge part of that. It was more from the food destinations, the overall treatment, and the carefree spending of money that left a real impression. In other words, it was the people I was with and their behaviors that impacted me the most, not a physical place. Would I pay $10,000 a night for a Skyloft? Hell no. But was it one of the best experiences of my life? Hell yes. To having great friends. And hopefully enjoying life's great experiences without getting too ripped off. After all, I still want to dine at The French Laundry. But I doubt I'll pay for the preposterous $150 corkage fee.
