1	This McDonalds. We hate going to this one because no matter what time of the day we go, they always mess up our orders. We have a big family, and every time, there are a few things always missing.
1	These guys never get any order right! How hard is it
3	How does one go about writing a review for McDonalds?  They are everywhere!  So I've prepared a brief thank you letter for Ronald and the gang.  Dear McDonald's Restaurants,  Thank you for having a value menu.  I appreciate that I can order not one but two hamburgers, french fries, and cherry pies for about $4.  Thank you for saving me some money on the days where I only have a few bucks in my wallet.  Thank you inventing the covenanted sausage McMuffin with egg.  You truly are a delicious treat in the morning when I need to put something in my belly to start my day.  Thank you for making your hash browns, a hand held oval replica of you famous french fries.  Thank you for inventing a rib sandwich that only resembles a cartoon version of ribs.  Your tangy bar b que sauce, and the sparse toppings of onions wrapped up in your sesame seed bun is always a treat as you make your appearance for a few weeks each year.  Thank you for being available 24 hours to present your inexpensive delights to me at all hours of the night.  You never disappoint with my low expectations when I dine at you restaurants in Las Vegas and around the world.   Sincerely, Ernesto R.  Cheers!
1	I never thought I would write a review of a McDonalds, much less have to write a negative review for a McDonald's. I don't even know how it's possible that a McDonald's could be so bad but unfortunately this one is.   Like many people, I have eaten at McDonalds all over America and even in several other countries.  I have to say this is probably one of the worst McDonald's I've ever been to other than the one in Manila in the Philippines -and that's only because I'm not sure that what was in those burgers was even beef.Where do I begin? The service is terrible. I have never, not ONE time, gotten what I ordered. I get sweet tea when I ask for unsweetened. I get cheese when I ask for none. I get onions when I ask for none. I get 2 chicken sandwiches when I ask for 4 apple pies.  I have given up on going through the drive thru because I always end up having to pull around, park, go in and wait in the long line of teenagers getting shakes  just to get them to correct my order. And even then, they don't get it right and I actually have to tell them, "No see, this is a Chicken Sandwich, I ordered a McDouble."The food is almost always cold. The burgers are dry and taste like they have been sitting on a shelf for more than an hour. And the fry's..ugh! When there are 6 cars in the drive thru and 20 people in line, I just don't understand how the fry's can be cold and stale. It absolutely defies logic. Yes, there are times that the food comes out hot. It's one of the reasons I keep going back. There's nothing like hot Fry's from McDonalds.. and also, just because it's McDonald's. Like it or not, it's a staple for working parents too tired to cook dinner after work some nights. It is unfortunate that they have no competition in the immediate area to keep them on their toes, otherwise they might actually try to improve their service and their product. I am sure they are turning a profit. No doubt. It seems to always be busy. However, I truly believe that if ANY other burger joint opened up right next door, this place would close down in a month. Every time I say I'm never going back, I still do. Unfortunately, tonight will be one of those nights as the kids specifically requested it. The shear dread of what I'm about to go through is what prompted this review.  I really hope they improve. It hurts to have to knock a McDonald's.
2	the service is either hit or miss
4	I truly never thought that I would write a review about a McDonalds but I guess I am. I hate to say this but you ALWAYS need to check your bags for your food, this goes with every fast food restaurant. This particular location has done an amazing job at really stepping up their game to ensure that they are getting orders right.
1	This is probably the worst night shift McDonald's ever!!!Their drive through service is horrendous! When you approach the drive through you wait I would say at least 5 mins before someone acknowledges you from the speaker menu.Tonight when I went to the first window to pay no one was there! The car in front of me already left leaving me to wonder if I needed to pull up to the 2nd window instead.  I pull up to the 2nd window only to have a staff member lecture me about not paying. Which by the way I already had my money out ready to pay but because it was an inconvenience for her to walk back to the first window she felt the need to argue first. To top things off they had the wrong order so I had to wait again for my order.  Believe it or not it took me about 20 mins for a 10 piece nugget meal! I thought its called fast food!
3	This is just a standard Vegas 24hr McDonald's which is attached to a Chevron that is the closest one to where I live. Always relatively clean and trash is taken out when I'm here. Breakfast, lunch and graveyard menu are up to standard which I'd expect from a $4-8 menu (ordering fries, spicy McChicken and McDoubles from the dollar menu and McNuggets). I finally had those Mighty Wings and they were pretty large and tasty!
1	Only ordered 4 items: apple pie, bbq Ranch Burger, small fries, and large Mocha frape. Still messed up my order. Made me wait because they ran out of Mocha mix. Gave me medium frap, no apple pie. Went inside told them I ordered large and the missing apple pie. They said there were no apple pies left. Made me wait more than 10 min. And incorrect order. Just left and disregarded the pie out of my frustration. So bad
1	Worse McDonald's ever!!!  I don't mind driving down to the Blue Diamond location from now on after several times the drive thru always forgets an item I ordered!  ALWAYS CHECK YOUR BAG BEFORE DRIVING AWAY FROM THE WINDOW!!  To top it off I had to drive back to get the burger they forgot and what compensation I get for my inconvenient???  2 effin Apple Pies....  are you kidding me???  - 5 Stars if I could rate it like that
3	good service, quick, polite, what more can you ask from McDonald's right?
1	WORST MCDONALDS EVER!Every single time we have been to this McDonalds on Southern Highlands Parkway we ask for our burgers and fries to be made up fresh.  They never are, in fact, they are cold and the buns are cold as well.  Step it up McDonalds!  Your reviews are bad and this is the Manager's fault!
1	Checking out the drive thur after reading all the 1 star reviews......let's see how they do.......everything is in the bag, fresh hot fries even!! Will check the rest of the food once we get home.........and FAIL!!!!! The Chicken Bacon Ranch Hot & spicy was missing both the bacon & the ranch!!!! Ordered 4 cheeseburgers, all 4 were old and cold as well as the 6 piece chicken nuggets...old and cold.  Way to Mc Ds, keeping up with the 1 star reviews.
1	Every time I go their ice cream machine is down. It's a hang out for all the kids in the neighborhood. This establishment including terribles chevron connected to it, does not seem to care what goes on in or around their business. Low class for the area they are in.
1	I'm so upset with the drive through!! As you go to pull out the curb on the left is WAY too long and I ended up turning left and hit it... It ruined my tire and rim!! My friend told me they had done the exact same thing but they are I'm an SUV so there was no damage :( I'm so bummed right now!!
1	Food is about the same as any McDonalds but the service is horrible. Couldn't hear the cashier and she rang up part of the order wrong. The crew was more concerned with screwing with one another than in making food. We were missing items and never did get everything. I don't think we'll be back.
