4	After having a craving for fried rice I checked out Restaurant.com to see if we could find any great discounts to go out to eat. Yummy House has several gift certificates you can purchase. We got a $10 off certificate for an order over $20. We order 2 dinner specials. Mongolian Beef ($10.95) and Schezwan Shrimp ($12.95). To start off we had the Egg Drop Soup which was the best I've had in a long time. There was nothing added to it, no corn or other vegetables, no tofu just a nice thick egg soup. We received an appetizer of crab Rangoon and a jumbo shrimp that was very delicious as well. My order came out wrong and I was brought chicken instead of shrimp but it looked delicious and we didn't bother them to fix it. Our waiter offered several times even to bring out a side order of shrimp to go with it. But we were fine and they adjusted the price on our check. Our fried rice was the best part of the meal. It had ham, chicken and shrimp in it. MMMM Delicious!! Everything was a little bit oily but was very tasty. Our waiter, Tommy was very, very friendly. He explained that everything is made fresh, the sauces are not from packages. As it turns out the red bell pepper in our Mongolian Beef still had the UPC sticker on it. Now the Mongolian Beef wasn't our favorite. It was not like any kind I've had before. We barely touched it and didn't take it to go. We ordered a Boba Tea in the Mango flavor and I loved it but my honey thought it was too sweet. The waiter said that he adds sugar to it so you could always ask for less if it's too sweet. Our drink there cost us $2.95 and if you buy one in China Town for the same size it's nearly $6. It's nice to stop here just for this alone. The restaurant is very hot. Particularly the seating off to the right side when you walk in. We moved to the first booth closest to the door directly under the fan and were very comfortable. I would definitely liked to stop by again in the future for the soup, fried rice and boba tea. And I'd love to see how the orange chicken is. Oh and they deliver for $2.
1	One star for taste, and for having $5.50 lunch combos that include fried rice, crab rangoon, and a bowl of egg soup -- when most places won't give you the soup for To Go orders.Three days ago, I printed a Restaurant.com coupon to try this place near my office, and he told me they stopped taking that coupon two days ago.  How frustrating!  Good customer service would have included an apology and maybe an offer for something free to thank us for trying them anyway, but he just said, "Nope."  I should have walked out, but the cheap lunch specials pulled me and two co-workers in, so we each tried a different combo.The crab rangoons were the best part of the meal, but everything else was lackluster and we won't go there again.The orange chicken had big medallions of breaded chicken (not little nuggets) and was reviewed as "blah".  The cashew chicken was nice little shreds of grilled chicken, but was "not as good as other places".  And the general chicken tasted like sweet and sour sauce with a little chili pepper thrown in for heat -- very disappointing!The spring rolls were cooked in oil that should have been changed.  The fried rice tasted burnt, and I want to say there was nothing but rice ... but I literally searched the whole pile and did uncover one fleck of egg, two dice of white onion, and a wafer-thin slice of bok choy.  It must be a minimalist mantra there, because the egg soup had nothing added either.The service was not friendly, and the food was not fast.  As I waited for our food, the cashier was telling his friend across the room how much he partied last night, threw up all over the bathroom, and couldn't get up - he just slept on top of the toilet.  :-/   Our office will look for non-fast-food Chinese somewhere else.Update: That restaurant.com coupon is still being sold.  I wonder how many people are being cheated by this bait-and-switch scam?
1	One star for quantity (portion). Really thats about it.Im always up for trying new asian food around my neck of the woods. Well, I thought I struck gold when I saw an all in one asian restaurant. Very rarely do I find thai food with chinese (normally its either one or the other). Well I was craving pad thai. well it ended up looking like asian spaghetti. Which didnt have the EGG or the rest of the ingredients I was looking for and it sure as hell didnt taste like pad thai.. Lets just say that I'd rather travel a distance to get thai food rather than going here.
4	Im definitely a fan of the Yummy House!  Anytime im in the mood for my Chinese fix, I head here.  It's a little hidden and we stumbled on this place by accident but I'm glad we did.The reason I keep coming back is for the food.  I usually always get the Veggie Lo Mein or the Hong Kong Style Noodles straight up.  The sauces are pretty bangin' and the chinese hot sauce is always on hand in case I feel a little ambitious that day.  Also, if you're into fish, I would definitely opt for the Black Bean Fish Fillet plate.  The tangy black bean sauce is definitely a distinct yet palatable taste worth trying.What im not too keen of is the decor.  It seems to come up in our conversation every time we're there.  If the place was a little more appealing and music was playing in the background, I think Yummy House would muster up a few more customers.  It just feels a little awkward when there is nothing to counter-act the conversation and I have to use my "hush-hush" voice to converse.Definitely a favorite of mine and I plan to come again.. and maybe with a CD to give them next time so I don't feel so weird having a conversation heehee.
1	We first went to the Yummy House after they took over for Jackie Chan's ll.   We thought we would try it to see if the food was any different.  We were greeted nicely but when they served us the food, all of a sudden we noticed a big cockroach ON THE TABLE!!  I think it was in the cloth the server used to hold the hot dishes, not sure but there it was crawling around.  I pointed it out to the server who was still standing at the end of the table.  He looked a little embarrassed, reached over and grabbed it with the towel.  He walked away and then we noticed another cockroach!!  we smashed it with a napkin.  I don't know why we ate the food, but the owner/manager??  guy in charge apologized and that was it!!  No offer for a free appetizer, no discount nothing else!!  We never have gone there again.
3	Its good not the best but still good none the less. Lunch Specials are good and cheap. Go for lunch skip dinner.
1	I have a restaurant.com coupon for $25 on this "cockroach" Yummy House. DARNET!! they closed. What a waste of printing and ink. I haven't even tried the food yet!
1	No longer in business.
