4	This brand-new CVS just opened a few weeks ago and it's a HUGE improvement to the neighborhood! They tore down an old crappy shopping center to build this store, and it's cleaned up the Thomas/24th St. intersection a lot.The store iteself is clean, bright, and has everything you would expect a CVS to have. They have a great selection of store brand products and there are plenty of checkouts to get you in and out quickly.Added bonus: they have carts with little cars that your kids can sit in. A big deal if you have an energetic 2 year old that doesn't like to sit in the shopping cart.
3	People that work in pharmacy are always in a bad mood.
5	inside is cool had to pick up a prescription for my wife and the chick that gave it to me was some what cool i really needed a portable heater but they were out but i would definitely return here as they are way better than the 16th st 1
1	While the actual pharmacist was nice....they have some of the absolute rudest people working in the pharmacy.  That alone should steer you away from this particular CVS.  I really wanted to tell the pharm techs that if they hated their job that much they should just find another job.  They were not helpful AT ALL.
2	This is a review for pharmacy service only. I would NOT recommend using this pharmacy unless you have time to sit and wait in the store or have prescriptions you can pick up on a non-urgent basis.I have tried on multiple occasions (3) to efficiently get a prescription from this pharmacy. I have not succeeded yet, and don't plan to try again. I have called in a script, only to have it not ready 5-6 hours later (for antimicrobials, obviously something that someone needs same-day), and I have dropped off a paper script and was told to come back in an hour only to return 2 hours later and find it not ready. The only concession is that the staff has actually been nice about stuff, and seem to want to help...I think they are just too busy and cannot keep up.I plan to search for a local pharmacy who actually has a pharmacist or staff member who answers the phone to accept call-ins on site as I think this may provide better service for myself and my patients in the future.
1	The customer service for the general area is great. The pharmacy however is a different story. The chick said my daughters meds would be done in one hour... It's almost two hours now and I went to the same guy when I got here and he had acted as if he didn't know I had been waiting !
3	Made a quick stop off at this location to pick up some small things.  It was clean and well organized - easy to find what you need.  The pharmacy tech was a touch testy when asked to give access to the restroom, but not the end of the world.  Overall it was a typical CVS Pharmacy and not a bad place to stop if you need some quick pick up items.
1	We were on a time limit due to only having a short lunch. We went here to find Sudafed for a coworker. When we drove through the pharmacy, they started we needed to go through the store because it was a controlled substance and it needed a signature, which was completely understandable. However, clearly, they didn't have the decency to check on the availability before telling us this add evidenced below.When inside, they mentioned that they had it in the back of the pharmacy, but when they went to ask they didn't have it. It took them about 3 minutes to notice us at the empty counter, then it took them another 3 minutes to check to see of they had the product. Then the woman returned back to the counter stating they didn't have any in stock. So then maybe tell us before we park and come in if you stated we needed to for a product you don't even freaking carry?! Just a thought.When I asked if they knew what CVS nearby had any, they stated they don't have access to the data of other stores which I know is a complete lie because my mom worked for their pharmaceutical insurance company and they have access to a database of all drugs in the region. When I asked if they could call other stores to check on the availably they literally could only say, "uuuuh."We left immediately, an hour wasted.
1	I think I was just discriminated against! This pharmacy refused to fill my prescription ( I have filled there seven plus times) saying the prescription was not written on security paper. They treated me like I was less than, or lying. I'm so shaken up, I strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere. It's not like I'm filling anything out of the ordinary. I'm positive they just violated my rights.
