3	Disclaimer: I may or may not have been slightly impaired after the Sancho margarita I had at Diablo's Cantina prior to visiting the LV Outlet Mall.This store is really big and they have a ton of cheap accessories and that's what I really came in to look for. I found a nice (undamaged) big pair of black, grey and white thread teardrop earrings for $6 that don't irritate my ears at all. They're light weight and dangle and sway in just the right way, and were still a little cheaper than comparable pairs found in the trendy  vintage stores on Haight St. in San Francisco.You'll also find hoards of colorful, tacky, clingy clothing (as expected), and bins of trashy panties on sale. For those of you not familiar with the chain store, it's similar to Forever 21 and Wet Seal.My only complaint is that there was only one cashier at the register and there were 5+ customers in line. Still, I waited for 10-15 minutes to save just a few dollars. It must've been the alcohol. But I do love these earrings.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE. WHO DO THEY THINK THEY ARE?i walked in there w/ 2 of my dogs. the lady stares at them and looks at me and pretty much yells no dogs allowed and to get out. me and my bf were like wtf? whatever i had picked out i left it and left that place. i never seen someone so rude. i did go primm to get what i wanted. oh well.i guess charlotte russe approves of rude service as long as they bring in the $$.
4	Okay,  for the record... I'm not a big fan of Charlotte Russe.  The only time I'm in this store for more than 15 minutes without pulling my hair is when I have my IPod with me and I'm trying to conquer a level on Angry Birds.  I came here 3 times this holiday season.  Once to make a purchase, a second time to return an item, and a third time to check out the After Christmas specials.  With that being said.. I'm a fan.  For someone who doesn't really shop here, they were able to accommodate me and help me find what I needed.  When doing a return, they did so without any hassle.  The sale after Christmas was pretty impressive with very affordable stuff.Pros:  *  Appears to be pretty organized *  Friendly staff.*  Great pricesCons:*  Nothing for guys (I'm just saying)Tips:  If you are coming here to shop for your girl, you better know what you are looking for ahead of time.  I luckily came prepared and showed them a photo on my phone (making it very easy).  If you are coming in with your girlfriend... bring your favorite portable electronic device to keep you occupied.  There's comfy seats towards the back (near the fitting rooms).  Overall:  I gave this place a 4 stars because it's undeniable that they have some crazy good deal, good customer service, and an organized store layout that's very shopper friendly.
3	I've been here about 4-5 times this month because I've been frequenting the outlets. They don't have the best customer service, especially from the people that work here all the time. The seasonal associates are the only ones that seem to really greet me or ask me if I need help with anything whenever I come in. The other associates never really smile or greet and they answer my questions in an irritated tone of voice. Aside from the service though, this location seems to always have some pretty sweet deals; You just gotta look out for them. I've gotten robes for $5, 3d nail art kits for $5, crackle nail polish for $2, dresses for $10, embellished blouses for $3, etc. I've also never really had to wait in line here because I usually go before noon. Tips*Check out the clearance rack in the back of the store*Come before noon to avoid lines*Signup for their mailing list for special deals
4	When I walked in they gave me a coupon for buy 3 items get 1 free. I guess they were calling it happy hour? So I decide to look around and see if there is anything that catches my eye. I end up scoring 2 tank tops & 2 pairs of sunglasses for $15 bucks! I was very happy with that deal.I shop here all the time and have never seen a promotion like that so it was nice.I do get email discounts every now and again and when I do I usually pop in a grab a pair of jeans. I love the Refugee brand of jeans they sell.
