3	While walking back to work from Spice Island one day, I made a mental note to try more pizza places in Oakland. First on the list - Pizza Romano.I walked in around 11:10 and was one of their first customers. I saw them rolling out the dough for my XL pie, which is definitely a good sign. The pizza came out fresh and piping hot, and continued to be hot even after I carried it all the way back to work. I mention this because I have an undying love for cold pizza, but Pizza Romano is a dish best served fresh out of the oven.Here is the breakdown:Crust - texture was kind of blah and uninspired, but the dough was extremely wholesome - like eating a roll or something - and definitely tasted pretty fresh. Not crisp or chewy enough for me though.Cheese - best part of the pizza for sure. Lots of cheese, very chewy and stretchy, like one of those lame commercials where a family is sitting around the table on a Friday night instead of the reality that they are sitting in a living room watching awful TV while the parents get wasted on wine coolers and Canadian blended whiskey. However, the cheese quality slowly declined as the temperature of the slice went down, and I would describe this pizza as one that would be much less tasty when cold or leftover.Sauce - eh. It was red, some tomato flavor, some spices, but nothing that knocks my socks off.Price - ten bucks for a fresh-out-of-the-oven 18 inch, can't complain about that. Overall, this pizza was average. It would probably be best if eaten in the restaurant, but there isn't a whole lot to look at in the restaurant (no TVs, no bars, no other patrons) so make sure if you order it that your final destination is close. I would recommend Milanos over Romano if you're looking for a delicious and budget-conscious slice in Oakland.
3	3.5 stars. Competent pizza shop food at pretty reasonable prices.The pizza itself is based on a doughy, bready, soft crust complimented by tangy, herby pizza sauce. The cheese is salty and the good kind of rubbery. It reminds me of Little Caesar's almost, but with decidedly better ingredients. It's a big improvement from nearby Antoon's or Sorrento's. Any fare based off these ingredients works well. In particular, their cheesy breadsticks are absolutely delicious and are my go-to option when in the mood for carb laden food.The other stuff on the menu, such as hoagies, wings, and sides, is done pretty decently. Their buffalo sauce in particular isn't strictly a buffalo sauce, but it's tangy, spicy, and bold. As such, their buffalo chicken hoagie is one of my favorites in Oakland. Additionally, both their standard variety fries and buffalo fries are crispy, well-seasoned, and flavorful. Killer student specials cut prices significantly, so Romano isn't too tough on the wallet.This isn't destination eating, but if you're nearby it's worth a try.
1	I don't know why I keep running into bad luck with pizza shops in Pittsburgh, but it's really disheartening.  Pizza Romano usually has a decent veggie sub that I order when my husband is craving wings and pizza.  Apparently though, this time that we ordered, they failed to tell us that their menu had changed.  Instead of a medley of vegetables, they gave me goopy "eggplant", soggy tomato, cheese, and some type of liquid that had made bread into soup.  I wouldn't even attempt to eat it.  I called and THEN they notified me of the change.  No big deal... but their new menu stated that there should be eggplant, tomato, zuchinni, and mushrooms on it.  I saw no mushrooms or zuchinni. Also their garlic bread was weak and disgusting and tiny.  Not worth it.  I am really disappointed with our experience. Needless to say, we won't be ordering from there again.  I just hope we can find a restaurant that can provide quality when we're craving some delivery.
1	i have so many bad experience with this restaurant.today, it took an hour to get my food delivered.one of them was oreo cheesecake. it was shattered--looked like someone dropped on the floor. and the person on the phone at the restaurant don't know how to handle this situation. when the customer says something is wrong with what they have received, you need to apologize.i will never ever going to order from this restaurant again.
5	We have been here several times and the pizza is awesome! We ordered the buffalo chicken, the Tuscan chicken, and have sampled the wings as well. Don't let the negative reviews fools you - his place has great pizza and wings.
3	The quality of pizza here is on par with any of the other joints in the Oakland area such as Sorrento's or Antoon's. The prices are slightly higher, but it seems the pies here are made to order rather than being premade.
1	Placed order and never delivered. Waited 2.5 hours and Pizza Romano stopped answering the phone? Sometimes, could hear girls talking on other end, unaware that they had answered. Only successful because it's in a city; terrible business and quality.
1	Worst service I've ever seen, employee working was rude and unhelpful. It's a shame because I rarely write bad reviews but wow, pittsburgh is usually a great town.. If you can avoid it, don't go here.
