5	This is the second time my husband and I have been here. The first, we sat in the dining room, and had a wonderful server. I think her name was Sonni...she had great service, we were even one of the last people to leave at the end of the night, and we still got great service! We sat at the bar this time, and service was still great. Got acknowledged within moments of us sitting down, and got drinks really quickly since it was close to happy hour ending Food has been consistently great, I had the chicken and steak fajitas the first time, my husband the fish tacos. The presentation was good, not great, but who cares about that as long as the food is good?! Things were cooked perfectly, and it all tasted very good. This time we had the chivche.....good, not great. We added a little more lime juice and that helped. The flavor was a little bland, but not bad overall. Although, it was really hard to get the chivche out of the margarita glass it was served in, so I suggest that change. Otherwise, everything was great tonight. We will be back, and definitely bringing friends next time!
5	Ambiance was great. Love the remodel. Had some slight service issues, but definitely will chalk that up to the amount of people that were dining and the fact that it appears to be all new staff. I had the fajitas and they were great. A touch on the salty side, but a great portion and great flavor. My wife had soup and loved it. We will definitely be back soon!
3	I had a chance to visit on the second night they were open.  During a soft opening there are always a few kinks that need to be worked out.  I like the new decore and think the fajita bar will be a big hit once it's up and running.  The menu offers a nice selection to choose from however the kitchen will need to step it up on ticket times to get food to bar a little quicker. I'd pass on the free chips unless they can explain why they tasted stale on the second day they were open?  The staff was very nervous you could tell but I'm sure they will get the hang of it.  I'll give them a second chance in a few weeks to see if they have it running smooth yet.
5	It is nice to see a new place up here in this location.  Mexican food is definitely my favorite and this food ROCKS!!  My first time in I enjoyed the fish tacos.  The mahi mahi was fantastic!  It is served with an amazing aioli, slaw, and the rice and beans.  If you like street tacos or a la carte they have those tacos too! The second time I had the shrimp ceviche & steak fajitas. The ceviche was great.  Fresh and plenty for a little meal but, holy cow those fajitas are gwwooooood!!  Served with fresh veggies and fresh tortillas.  The decor for the restaurant is great.  A modern theme for a restaurant it has high ceilings with nice tables and booths.  The restrooms are also nice and adds to the quality of the building. I will be back because they have happy hour until 7pm! Great place to visit!
4	Never been here before but it's 90 seconds from my house.  The wait was only @20 min at 7pm on a Saturday night.  Got us in and seated.  The chicken fajita was great but I need to rave about the Carne Asada chimichanga.  The meat was the most tender I have ever had.  Really top notch.  Drinks were great, ambiance was great (newly remodeled).  We even got a visit from manager Stacey who was very insightful, kind, and interested in our experience.  Nutella empanadas are amazing.  All in all, a huge hit.
3	Major upgrade from Cocomo's.  The ambiance is much nicer, cannot wait until they put in their new FAJITA BAR (going to look like hibachi).  Wife ordered the chicken burrito and we shared that and the Mexican pizza.  Nothing special about the burrito but it was large,  Mexican pizza was pretty good, if you like spicy get their hot salsa.  Our friends got the shrimp ceviche and said it was awesome!  All in all will go back!
1	It's really really sad... here we sit... tonight my family and I wanted Mexican... and figured we would try out the new joint in the hood... mistake... let's start with me... The black bean burger... GREAT flavor... however... it fell apart... when I took the bun off to place the burger back on , the bun... I realized it was stale!!!! Annnnnnd there was a quarter size squirt of chipotle mayo... sad...so sad... when I told the server...  "sorry about that"... she was sweet for sure... she just didn't have that "let me take care of you attitude"... listen... im a server myself... I would bend over backwards for a guest... my daughter had street tacos... ummmm don't waste your time... my husband had the green chili burrito.... veeeeeery disappointing... how can you get this stuff wrong?  This is all basic Mexican recipes... stale chips overly salted... my fries?  I'm almost sure they are frozen...  and the cherry on top... my husband is of the by gone era of "finish everything in your plate"... hes still eating, I refuse to eat crap and obviously my children are following suit... and the server asks (after my drink has been empty almost the whole meal) do we want refills... I say "no, we are all finished" and she replies "okay, shall I bring you the check?" ... young lady, my husband is still downing food... check? Jimney cricketts!!! She is definitely not trained properly... ummm honestly... I screw up as a server from time to time... I also try to make it right... this one... didn't get it... I'm sorry if she reads this... but more training is needed... oh on top of that... KNOW YOUR MENU!!! 56$  meal and we will NEVER go back!!!
1	Save your self !!!Had the chili verde which had zero taste, green sauce tasted like it was from a can.My wife and ordered margaritas that was liked a drink that sat for two hours. Service is totally clueless!!! Doesn't even know there menu.It's the same cheap owner who owned the restaurant prior and it shows!!!Left and went to a real restaurant never will we step foot there again.The manager has no idea on customer service, The lettuce wraps had old lettuce, brown, piss poor.It may be the only restaurant in the area but be real it is run like a high school cafeteria .Zero starsNever going back!!!
1	Went there a few days ago hoping for good food. Well they missed the mark. Server said  Mexican pizza was great and it was not. We told her that, them tells us her mom said the same thing. Why did you recommend? Chimis were pretty good. Waitress was clueless, did not even try to up sell us at all. Not that we would have bought anything. Other Mexican places in area are better.
2	Nice spot, much better than the seedy former Cocomo Joe's.  In walking into the restaurant they wanted to seat us by the door..we asked for another table more out of the way..(the place was largely empty)..the gal vanished to find a table (how hard is this in an empty place)..almost 5 mins she came back and said she found a place and asked if we would like the table to be cleaned!! No, I'll just eat the garbage left from the folks before me..geez!! The server was very nice and accommodating however. Food was so-so..the two of us each had food that tasted somewhat 'odd' although couldn't put our finger on it--had almost a somewhat 'chemical' flavor to it. Anyway, we asked for the check and left a large bill ..the server then asked 'would you like change?'.. No I think I'll leave a tip that FAR exceeds the cost of two lunches!! Please ..this idiotic staff needs some training, the cook/owner needs to taste some of the food being served. If you can't get it 'right' in a local place you are DONE..this is a local trade place, please do some 'secret shopping' and see what you diners will be dealing with. To be fair this is also fairly new so I'll give it one more try in a couple of weeks, hopefully they will 'get it right' the next time.
4	Our first time at this new restaurant on the old Cocomo Joe's location - nice changeup!  We went on a Friday night and there was quite a crowd at the bar, and the restaurant was packed already at 6:45.  Lots of families with kids, it looked like.  We were seated quickly and brought chips and salsa that were pretty standard.  Drinks arrived quickly and we were pleased to note later that our first round was Happy Hour prices, even though we weren't in the bar.  We ordered the lettuce wraps which were interesting, but just OK.  Basically the chicken burrito filling with lettuce.  For entrees we each got a burrito - skirt steak for me and pork for my hubs.  Initially they brought me the wrong burrito (chicken) but quickly corrected this.  Both were very good but the pork was a standout.  My husband did comment that he would have likeed a bit more seasoning/spiciness to the dishes.  Large portions with beans and rice, we took over half home with us.  So despite a few hiccups, I would definately go back.
5	This is the 4th time I've eaten at Asado. Tonight we got to go and tried something different. We got the spin dip for an app... AMAZING. I love this stuff!!!! For the main course I got the carnitas burrito. I'm pretty picky about carnitas and this was melt in your mouth delicious. Rice and black beans were great as well. The cotija cheese on the black beans is a great touch.My husband got the grilled chicken tacos, which he said were excellent. The grilled pepper and onions made it for him.The best meal I've had at Asado was definitely the Chile lime roasted chicken. The chicken itself was tender & juicy. The chipotle mashed are always fantastic and the grilled vegetables add that extra touch of awesome. Oh, and you have to try the nutella empanadas... They are freaking incredible.Every time I've been to Asado the service has really been exceptional. And you can't beat the tamarindo margarita!!!
4	Asado is a great hangout!  Good food and drinks.  The menu is full of very tasty choices. I like the feel of a Mexican Hacienda meets High Tech.  Cool place with good food!  I live in the area and felt like I was at my own Casa! Only thing missing was my pool!
2	For years we have been waiting for a  Mexican food restaurant and now, not to be nasty, still waiting.  The soft tacos were uninspiring.  Flour tortilla, might as well have used dinty moore meat.  Bland, a few shreds of lettuce and  a few dicings of tomatoes.  Cheese crisp, so-so but the worst part.  The margaritas were so bad we couldn't drink it.  We told the server about them, did she offer to take it off the check, NO!!  The service was okay but the food, not so.  Maybe we're expecting more.  My suggestion is to go to Carlos O'Briens, Maycayo's, or Luna for cues on how things should be done.  Don't think I'll be back until I have given enough time for the menu items to improve.  We want you to succeed but that just isn't the case at this time!!~
2	First time here since the remodel.  I ordered the Cubano sandwich.  I was hoping it would taste something like the Cuban sandwich from this food truck in tucson called DC Jumpie.  Well unfortunately I was disappointed.  The ham was over cooked and the pork lacked flavor, the pickles were good.  My mother order carnita tacos and she stated that the pork lacked flavor as well.  The black beans were too salty.  The sweet potato fries were quite good however.  They also have decent salsa.  Another thing that the bus boys and waiters could do while they are waiting around would be to polish the silverware.  There are spots all over the silverware.  Something so easy could have changed my first impression.Too bad, I had high hopes for this place.I will probably try it one more time and give it a second chance.  I was told they have a fajita bar and it includes dessert.  Everyone deserves a second chance so it was not so terrible that I won't go back.
5	This was our second visit and we were not disappointed. The chips and salsa were so fresh with just the right amount of kick. The carne asada tacos were amazing!!! A new neighborhood favorite for us!!!
5	Great service. Tasty and spicy hot sauce. The chili rellano was excellent. Will definitely be back.
5	Fully one of the best authentic Central American restaurants I have enjoyed. Coming back very soon
1	This restaurant is so bad that I felt compelled to create an account just to post this review! My wife had the house salad as an appetizer and much of the mixed greens was starting to rot. On top of that the balsamic dressing had the same consistency of butter.The guacamole tastes like its out of a plastic bag....definitely not fresh. The chicken and steak tastes like rubber, straight out of the cheap Cisco truck and onto my plateThis has to be the worst Mexican food in all of the Phoenix area
4	My first trip suffered from start up issues such as cold side dishes (which were quickly resolved).  The food though was very good. Returned over the weekend and everything was top notch. Everything served hot as it should be.Burritos and chimis are very well done. Their menu offerings are made fresh daily and it is evident in the taste. The pork is properly smoked and bursting with flavor. The Spanish rice is fluffy and seasoned the way it should be. What can I say about black beans or retried beans? They are what they are but flavorful.Nice selection of beers on tap and a variety of wines. Decor is executed well with a nice, but subtle, upscale note. Prices are reasonable for the service and food you receive.
2	Was disappointed when the owner closed Cocomo's and decided to go Mexican. I use to love getting the street tacos and Pittsburg wings during happy hour and maybe watching some sports at Cocomo's. Came to Asado specifically for the wings since they were always outstanding at Cocomo's, so I can't speak on the Mexican food part, although, the chips with the chips & salsa looked like somebody had stomped on them earlier as they were broken into tiny pieces. As for the wings, instead of 8 wings you now get 6 which are overpriced at more than a dollar a wing unless you do Happy Hour. No longer served in the kinda cool little bucket, they were wet and caked with spice, not crispy and lightly spiced like they use to be at Cocomo's. They weren't served with the good Wasabi sauce like they use to be so we had to ask for some. The waitress then brought out some sauce that was so watered down you could barely taste any Wasabi, looked like green water. Needless to say I was very disappointed that they would take one of their most popular items from Cocomo's and then proceed to ruin it. Not giving up on Asado yet, but the owner needs to address some of these issues mentioned in these reviews soon.
3	I'm a little surprised by some of the reviews.  New menu, perhaps new staff - give them the benefit of the doubt and some time to work out the bugs.  Our experience last week was great.  Very good attentive service, food - not "fantastic" but solid.  All of us at the table were pleased and we'll go back.  Cave Creek yearns for some dining options.  Support your local businesses!
2	Nice environment but not much Mexican influence.  Food was bland.  Sent out my son's pollo fundido and the burrito was burnt on one side and the bland sauce just covered over it.  We had 6 people with us and nobody was impressed.  Too bad because we were hoping for a good new place.  Also a little pricey for the food served. Check the menu before you go because it is not traditional Mexican choices.
4	Great food!  Wife had the taco salad with green chili chicken.  It was very flavorful.  I had the carnitas tacos which had a ton of pork.  Yum. We will be back.
4	Asado is absolutely a five-star worthy restaurant relative to other Cave Creek restaurants, and is a great addition to this area of town. To sum it up - fantastic service, a very nice ambiance/interior, great portions, great food, and inexpensive prices. The only downside to the meal were the cocktails, which were all too sweet, but that's easily fixed by sticking to beer or soft drinks in the future. I loved the complimentary table salsa, which was perfectly balanced, fresh, with just a hit of heat.I don't remember the name of our waitress, but she was fantastic. After learning I was vegetarian, she took the time to check with the kitchen to find out what really was vegetarian and not. Turns out items that would be easy to think are vegetarian are not, and she was happy to help with suggesting other options that would work for me. For other vegetarians the green sauce, red sauce, and rice are not vegetarian. We had:- Bean & Cheese Chimichanga with Fundido Sauce: Yummo and so much food (two meals)! The fundido sauce was the vegetarian sub instead of red/green sauce, and it was really good. Pretty hard to not like cheese sauce. I added the fresh table salsa to brighten and lighten it up. I would happily order this again.- Guacamole: This was fine. I probably wouldn't order it again because the complimentary salsa was so good, but it was fine guacamole.- Green Chili Burrito: My husband had this and though it was really good. He loved the stew-like filling.- Strawberry Margarita: Typical frozen machine margarita with way too much sugar. Definitely not worth getting again.- Sangria: Also too sweet and not very refreshing. Besides an orange wedge and maraschino cherry, it was a wine cooler.- Elderflower Mule: Though the flavors were interesting and good (sort of tasted like a spa treatment), it was too too sweet.- Chopped Salad: Refreshing and satisfying as a lighter meal option. Great dressing, and lots of cheese and avocado as salad toppers.I definitely will be back to Asado, whether for eating in or picking up take out. I'm really glad such a good offering with reasonable prices has come to Cave Creek.
1	This was my worse experience ever   I like to eat out frequently and thought I would try this new restaurant.  They don't know what real Mexican food is.  I could buy the same cans at the store for less.  Even the margaritas were nasty. Service slow for as many as seem to be there.  I want Mexican food I will go somewhere else.  Sorry don't think I will ever come back.
3	Food is good for Americanized Mexican food. Would be comparable to Macayos without any of the decor. There really is no mexican feel to this place. Even 80/90s music playing. Bought a groupon so we saved some money to try it out. I got the veggie tacos and they were good. Guacamole was "eh". And husband had pollo fundido. Portions were good sized and prices average. It was fine for what we needed but pretty far from home and I wasn't "wowed" enough to return
2	The only thing this place has going for it is the decor. We had to ask for chips and salsa---a no brainer at a Mexican restaurant. I ordered the fajitas -- another no brainer. No guac, no sour cream, barely any rice or beans. The service was OK. I wouldn't recommend it. Go to Fajitas for fajitas, or Teepee for old-school Mexican fare.
2	Mediocre at best.  Service throughout the night was fine, nothing at all to complain about.  Tried a specialty margarita and it was junk.  Had chicken and steak fajitas and they were eh.  My kids ordered mini chicken quesadillas and they were full of chopped onions.  For kids.  I know my kids are picky eaters, but a kid's menu item should be simple.  Anyway, they did the right thing and made new ones for the girls.  All in all, prolly won't be back.  Sorry guys.
5	Asado is my new favorite Mexican Restaurant and is within walking distance from my home!  I certainly enjoy hot food and they've not let me down from that aspect. It's not often that I use sour cream to cool off a bit, but I'm glad it's included with the Pork Adovada. I also highly recommend the Green Chili Burrito and am pleased they offer it Green, Red, and Christmas style. One caution I have is the chips and salsa. They are addictive... You will request more... Then the food will arrive and your foolish man pride will tell you to finish that second batch of chips you couldn't do without. You'll then be challenged to eat even half of your entree before your spouse takes away your plate send says you've had enough! I speak from experience, it's happened to me three times now.
5	Love Raquel the Host. we call for reservations and even thought it was not busy she saved us a both. My girl and I asked her what favorite app is and Raquel said you have to try the Coconut shrimp so we did and guess what its addicting. For entrees try the Pollo fundido, and the Chimy. :-)  love this place Noah & Steph.
2	This place is so close to home that I really want to like it but there are just too many reasons not to.As another Yelper stated the decor is nice post remodel and that is as good as it gets here.Chips and salsa were brought to the table quickly and when my wife requested HOT salsa it was brought out quickly as well.Placed our order..... carne asada burrito for me, fish tacos for my wife. They must be rationing fish in the kitchen.  Two tiny pieces in each taco which didn't fill the corn tortilla end to end. No flavor and not hot.The carne asada burrito was small and the tortilla was like a firm paste. The quantity of tortilla outweighed the amount of carne asada. The beans were almost warm which puzzled me because the plate was very hot.My wife asked for additional chips which never arrived to our table.We were never asked if we enjoyed our meal. Im guessing that the amount we left on our plates spoke for us.5:30 on a Saturday night and the place is at 30 - 40% occupancy. I am pretty sure I know why.We will not be returning.
1	Friday night first visit with friends.  Chips are good, both salsa and hot sauce were very average, have to ask for hot sauce.  Cheese crisp good, with good cheese, but waitress did not ask if we wanted any sides like guacamole or sour cream.  Ordered fish tacos which are horrible, dry with only a mango salsa which is terrible, and the fish is done in an extremely salty blackened rub, rendering the fish too salty to eat.  We left it untouched after two bites.  Most of the food here is salty and not handmade, chile rellanos was a dude too.  Black beans and rice are good, but the tortillas are bland store bought almost rubbery, and mine had beans only for nine dollars, a ridiculous price with no ala carte menu.  The service was terrible, waitress was overwhelmed, had no time to take the order and got several things wrong. Worse, she had nothing to say about the food or even thought to make a suggestion or tell us what was good.   No salt on margarita came with salt, asked for onions in burrito got none, when I told the waitress she just said they forgot and that happens, with no effort to correct the mistake.  On the bright side, the margarita was very good, most restaurants serve sickeningly sweet margaritas, where here the mix is perfect and you can taste some tequila.  Pricing was high for what you get, and the dishes came out too cold for Mexican food.  There was not one item to remember here, nothing to bring you back quickly, very average to very bad.  Best to sit at the bar for a margarita, the only really good thing on the menu. We have not heard good things from our neighbors, so hope this gets better.  The decor is nice, if not a bit dark, comfortable surroundings. We will not be going back anytime soon.
2	Sadly, another disappointing addition to the Cave Creek dining scene. Man, we really (as in desperately, really really desperately) need something decent up here - but this ain't it. If any restaurant developers or entrepreneurs are reading this - a decent, independent restaurant with a good bar and wine list would be mobbed! I think Tatum Ranch alone has 10k residents with basically nowhere to eat.We've been here 3 times, all mediocre at best. Our last visit kind of sealed the deal on us never returning.Outside patio area is nice, especially the booths! Great during nice evenings. Nonstop chips. They have really trained their servers and wait staff very well how to serve and cater to the customers. My only (weird) complaint really is that there isn't much "personality" amongst the employees/servers - it's obviously a very well-honed serving system that they have trained their people on, but it lacks authenticity a bit. It's not really a complaint, but it just feels a bit off I guess.The food is pretty gross. My husband ordered the pollo fundido and the chicken MUST HAVE been frozen chicken. I could be wrong, but it tasted and looked just like that weird frozen, fake defrosted chicken color and tasted just like weird frozen defrosted chicken with the fake grill lines. It was literally inedible and gag-worthy. For a Mexican restaurant where pollo is front and center in most dishes, this is inexcusable. I am SO SO SO sad that we don't have another new restaurant to frequent. I will stick with Amaro next door that is so underrated that it's shocking. I love that place.
2	I wanted to like this place.  They obviously spent a fortune on the remodel, but the food and the service don't match their architectural efforts.  I was going to sit at the bar and have a quick bite, and it was just sort of a mess.  Barstools were strewn all over, which I know shouldn't be a big deal, but it's one of those little details I'd never really paid attention to before.  It made  it look like they weren't ready for you.  The staff just seemed like a bunch of kids left to their own devices, dropping silverware and loudly yucking it up.  Pollo fundido was terrible.  Tasted very flour-y, sauce on top was like mushroom soup without the mushrooms.  Whole thing was more like a fried fajita wrap.   Just a disappointing experience.  And I really wanted it to be good.  I hope they straighten out some of their issues.
1	I've tried this place 3 times now and I'm sad to say it's never gotten any better.  The worst part is that there's not a lot of options to go eat in this neighborhood.  If you're in the mood for Mexican food I'd suggest you take a drive and find somewhere else.
4	Hubby and I really enjoyed Asados.  The decor is pretty, server was attentive, margaritas were delicious and the food was great.  Not sure what all the negativity is about.   It's definitely worth a second try for those who may have had a bad experience. Only downside was the salsa was a bit to hot for me.  Squeezed a half a lemon to cool it down and it was all good.
5	This place is great: I'm a mexican food connoisseur and was so happy to stumble upon this place moving to Cave creek. Staff is super friendly & restaurant is really nice. All items on the menu are fairly priced. The spinach con queso is amazing and I highly recommend it. I usually order the cheese enchiladas or tacos (1 shrimp and 1 carne asada).. Both great! ALSO, happy hour is from 3-7 Monday through Friday. $2 off all alcoholic beverages & 20% off all appetizers. You'll enjoy this place :)
1	Okay...let me start by saying I am shocked at how many people gave this place a good review. I will be generous and start by saying some of the positives. Food was fresh... I would even call it tasty. It had a good atmosphere with a lot of potential. However, everything was over priced, portions were on the lighter side, and the service was TERRIBLE. It took between 8-10 min just to order drinks. The waitress acted as if she'd never had a table in her life. The kids menu was on receipt paper.....and when ordered the kids cheese crisp...there was nothing crisp about it.  When we were getting near the end of our meal, the bus boy came and started collecting things as if we weren't there. He started to take things that we weren't done with and when we told him we weren't done, he looked annoyed and disgusted. This place was beyond dissapointing.
5	Food is quite good. Service is usually on point as well. Mike is by far our favorite waiter, delivering a level of service that far exceeds the standard for restaurants in this price point.  Salsa: 5 starsSpinach con queso: 5 stars, must have appSteak Tacos: 4 starsGround Beef Tacos: 5 starsChicken Firecracker: 4 stars Fish Tacos: 1 star (super bland to me)My girlfriend gets the Enchilada stack and loves them.Great food for Cave Creek area. Very cool decor and vibe. I stop by weekly.
2	First time visiting this restaurant, and heard about it from the groupon deal. As a recent transplant to AZ, most mexican restaurant food is always amazing compared to the east coast. However, this restaurant fell short of our expectations of good Mexican food.My husband ordered the highly recommended Pollo Fundido. The chicken was extremely chewy and the cheese looked like a processed slice of cheese was melted on top of it. I ordered the vege and chicken tacos which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.The margaritas were very sweet and barely had any alcohol, they were definitely overpriced. I've never left a restaurant without finishing a drink, and tonight I barely drank 1/4 of it. Waste of money if you ask me.I wouldn't recommend this place. The atmosphere is great and it has so much potential, but the food is terrible. Service was just okay.
3	Went with a Groupon and won't be back. The food was mediocre at best.  The cane asado in my burrito was slightly larger than ground beef and not flavorful. My husband had tacos with crispy shells which tasted like store bought. Nothing seemed to have been made from scratch, seemed more store bought like the average chef would do at home. I has the mango Margarita and my.husband had a Cadillac both were too sweet. Our waitress was very nice and did try hard.
1	We were really anticipating Cocomo Joes new remodel and now are sadly disappointed. We ate at Cocomo Joes often and food was good and the resteraunt had character. The remodel looks pretty but no character and the food has been disappointing and I believe we are done. There are too many Mexican resteraunts that are better than this. Personally I feel they made a big mistake.
