5	Lauretta Berchiatti has been my facialist for many years, giving my skin its radiant glow!! She helps me with all of my skin care goals by combining a professional skin care regimen using PCA Products, and giving me chemical and facial treatments to improve my skin condition. I naturally have sensitive and problematic skin, so it takes a very educated aesthetician to work with my skin so that I don't have breakouts and I stay looking young and even toned. She is a results driven aesthetician. Her work is to reverse and correct the skin. I also am a Director of a Cosmetology School in the Valley, so I know MANY people in this business and I still PREFER to see Lauretta because her experience, the research she does to use the best, most effective products, her knowledge of the industry and the amazing results I continuously receive. I wouldn't see anyone else! I highly encourage you to make an appointment today!!
5	I must say that after years of numerous facials and peels, I have never been so pleased! How refreshing to have an educated and caring esthetician. Unlike like the "routine" treatment, Lauretta actually understands the individual conditions of the client. How refreshing!! She took the time toactually look at my skin, not just apply a generic peel, but rather apply one to my face that was specific for me. I will be returning for future treatments and that much needed facial as well. In addition, the facials I have received from Lauretta are fabulous. She once again applied the product that was suited for my skin, along with such a wonderful relaxing facial.Ms. Berchiatti has shown me the art of having a true professional care for my skin.
5	I am very upset with yelp for filtering my review! Lauretta has done so much for the sun damaged skin and then see that my review was filtered!She is professional, educated and took the time to evaluate my face and decide on the necessary treatments. From peels to facials, her technique is superb. Lauri G
5	Lauretta was very helpful in educating me on skin care and was a pleasure to be around. I would recommend her services to everyone in Scottsdale.
5	Lauretta is simply the BEST!  I have very problematic skin and have spent 2 years trying many different high end salons before luck brought me to Lauretta.  She is extremely knowledgeable and my skin is finally on the mend. I love her chemical peels.  Terrified of them at first, I was amazed  that my skin actually looked better right after the peel (i am talking as I walked out of her office) than when I arrived.  I have had 5 treatments so far, and the results speak for themselves.  PCA products and an amazing aesthetician  make all difference.
5	I've been seeing Lauretta for a few months now, and she has been nothing short of excellent! She uses only the best products which produce the best results! She's so sweet and professional, great skin rules and so does she!
5	No matter what your skin desires, you will find the best treatment provided by Lauretta!  She is a master at designing treatment plans which will provide you with results practically overnight.  She partners with many leading vendors in skincare so that she can tailor your treatments to your specific needs.  Nothing generic here and always in a welcoming environment!
5	Lauretta is great.  Not only is she sweet and personable, but she is also very educated when it comes to skin.  She also doesn't hesitate sharing the information with you to help you along your journey of obtaining great skin.  In just 2 treatments my melasma is looking so much better, all thanks to her!
5	I bought a Groupon for a peel.  It was so great I ended up buying a package of 6 peels.  Lauretta was very knowledgeable and she realized I take great care of my skin, so she tailored the peel to my needs.  I don't like to crack all over, since I have quite a busy social life, so she told me to let her know when I want a deeper peel (I think it is the Jessner one).
5	I've had peels before but nothing like the deep sensitive peel that made my skin as soft as a baby's butt! Lauretta is a seasoned professional with a cute office. She made me feel totally comfortable and at ease with my skin issues. I wish that I could afford to go each month, I'm checking to see if I can buy another groupon to prevent my skin from the rosacea problems.
5	My first visit to Lauretta was a few months ago to start a series of chemical peels in order to treat the adult acne/scarring I started to develop. Needless to say after just three chemical peels my skin looks better then it has looked in a long time. I woke up this morning crying from happiness and a sense of relief. I am getting married in May and it is so important for me to have the normal, healthy skin I have had for most of my life back. Asides from being extremely talented Lauretta is the sweetest woman in the world. SO incredibly grateful I found her!!!!
