2	Very pricy, food isn't very memorable.  Basic Italian meal with nothing to rave about.  Atmosphere seemed slapped together in a few days and dose not at all reflect the pricing on the menu or service.
3	Let's remember where we are for a moment.We are not in New York City...We are not in Chicago...We are in Casa Grande...for real people!  And you are looking for something other than Mexican?!  REALLY? Well, let's talk about Tommy's...Why is it the only place that I have found in the Southwest thus far that will do calamari as it should be...tubes and tentacles!  Lemons, marinara, aoili...???  So one of my stars is based solely on that!I agree with Jeremy T who reviewed the surroundings as being "thrown together" and not really themed.  But I will say ( without meaning to offend any of my Italian extended family members) that this "kitz- factor" makes the experience all the more authentic to me.I felt like I was in North Jersey happy to not be paying full on New York prices but complaining about not being in New York to see the shows!The thing that gives this place yet another star is Ben, the kitchen manager, who upon request produced a smashing off the menu linguine carbonara without ever flinching!  He was excited to do it and he produced a masterpiece moments before the kitchen was closing.  Not because I am that high maintenance demanding foodie, but because I really was hungry at 9:30pm on a Wednesday night and I did not really want anything on their broad menu, I took the chance to ask and got graciousness that I would have expected in some very high end locale.From the salad to the tentacles to the pasta, I was delighted.  I would recommend a change in the bread and butter plate given upon arrival but I would not remove it.  Perhaps oil and pepper and a fresher bread?  The bottom line is that I will certainly return.  There was enough available there to match any palette.  Tommy's works in the Casa, and becomes grand there.
4	This place is a great find.  They have the best pizza in town and we have been back several times.  The service is always more than helpful and they actually seem to care about the customer.  I recently had a birthday party there and they went WAY above and beyond the call.  I went in and made reservations and that was it.  When we arrived they had decorated the entire room, gave our party two servers that attended to us like nothing I had ever experienced in Casa Grande before.  I will have to say that they are a little pricey on some things and when it is time to close, they have no problem kicking you out, but other than that, what a GREAT experience.
3	For Casa Grande, this is a nice restaurant. It's got a personality disorder, though. It can't decide whether it is a sports bar or a fancy restaurant. From my table, I could see 3 big screen TVs and a grand piano. The hosts were dressed nicely and most of the waitresses had on spaghetti strap tanks.  Basically, a great place to go for your anniversary, guys watch sports while the ladies listen to classical music!The food is decent, not amazing, but if you happen to be stuck in Casa Grande, it will do. They also have a large outdoor dining area that I didn't see till I was leaving.
4	I'm a big fan, this is THE BEST that Casa Grande has to offeryou can't go wrong with any of the italian Pasta dishes or the pizzas or the RibeyeWork your way thri the menu, starting with the Butternut Squash ravioli, you won't be disappointed
5	Tommy's has just been remodeled this summer and is one of my favorite restaurants in Casa Grande.  Tommy did place up nice and the new bar is great place to bring a date then have a fantastic meal.  Tommy's specialty is italian food, but my favorite there is the busted rack or lamb.  Grilled to perfection and glazed in a homemade mint sauce.  Their calamari is fresh and tasty! I recommend it anyone from CG, and  also to anyone coming into town!
4	I LOVE the food here! Good Portions, with enough to take some home.Wish they wouldn't be so stingy on the wine though; if paying for a glass of wine I certainly don't want a 1/3 of a glass. Otherwise, very clean, quaint and inviting atmosphere. And fellas the waitress' here wear very tight clothing so...if your like into that! I dig the fact that they have two bars, and one is outside! YAY! Take your friends and have a nice dinner here.
5	SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad this place is here in Casa Grande.  The owners (SUPER NICE) are from New Jersey which is where we are from.  The sauce on the pizza is like back east.  It is GREAT and VERY FAMILY FRIENDLY (which is helpful and nice).  Outside dining is HUGE and ATTRACTIVE.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT!
5	Great place. Fun, classy environment. Got the cheese tortelini and man, good stuff fo sho. A little on the pricey side, ended up being about $20 per meal, more if you go seafood. Definitely recommended.
5	5 stars you ask. I say yes. Why?1). Staff was really nice, attentive and the server we got knew her menu. When you are a stranger in a strange land then it's nice to have a friendly face. 2). Ahhh the food. I ordered the pasta with vodka sauce. What a winner. My friends liked their dishes also and so it was a hit. 3). Atmosphere is casual and open. Definitely relaxing and a good place to bring friends and coworkers. 4). Parking. Not a concern in Casa Grande, but I always love free and easy parking.
5	Started coming to the area in December 2010 and Tommy's is on my list every visit, which is once a month.  The food is made from scratch and the service is great.  they make you feel welcomed and appreciative that you are visiting their restaurant.  Last visit I sat at the bar to watch the game and met Tommy and several of the local patrons.  Great atmosphere, especially if Renee is working behind the bar, or serving or what ever they need her to do.  The Alfredo sauce is the best I have experienced.  Also the Sausage Penne with al Vodka sauce, WOW!  Try the chicken wings, too.  Three areas of dinning, front restaurant if you want a quiet area, the bar area for the neighborhood atmosphere or outside on the patio for taking it all in.
2	So, my first experience here was last night.  I drove up from Tucson to meet a friend from Phoenix and this was a good meeting point.  The atmosphere is fairly nice and comfortable.  The servers are attentive and helpful, very nice.  I had a glass of pinot which was pretty good for a house wine.  For dinner, I ordered the Chicken Piccata.  The sauce was way too salty and the chicken was literally tough.  The sauce seemed like it was a jarred or pre-made sauce.  It just wasn't very good.
5	So I went out and did the indoor skydiving thing at SkyVenture in Eloy.  On the way back to Phoenix I was starving and hit up Yelp to find something worth eating.  Tommy's Bistro came up on a search and most of the reviews were favorable and it sounded interesting so I figured i would give it a shot.The Good:Granted, I came it at around 3 or 4pm, so a little early, but the owner/chef Tommy himself was sitting at the bar.  He was friendly and good to chat with.  Service staff was quick to get me a drink, menu, and suggestions.  They had a lamb shank specialty with grilled asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes that I ended up having as my meal. The sauce on the lamb was amazing...a little bit of a sweet taste with some spice to it....I don't recall now what Tommy said it was made from...but it was delicious.  The lamb itself....excellent.  Asparagus.  I don't like asparagus...at least I didn't until I had it here.  Tommy even said "no one makes it like I do."  Well...I believe it...because I never cared for it before I had it here.  Garlic mashed potatoes were perfect.  They had a distinct garlic flavor...more than enough for me...but not too overpowering (although that would not have bothered me).  The staff recommended how I order it...medium-rare, and for that dish at that restaurant, it was dead on. So in summary, service, great, dinner, great.  How can I not rate this place as top notch?  If I ever have a reason to be down in the area again, I know of at least one delicious place to dine.
4	Keep driving past the corporate neon chilis and formulaic boredom on Florence Avenue and check out this impressive small-town bistro. Wings: honey and hot, crispy and sweet. Penne with sausage in vodka cream sauce: outstanding. Veal parmagiana: friend said it was among the best he's had and was perfectly breaded. My partner wasn't too excited about his baked penne with meat, and the special of the evening, lobster ravioli scampi, disappointed, mostly because the buttery sauce was too thick and salty. Our server, Angela, was wonderful, even when I asked her to refrigerate the chocolate mousse cheesecake I had brought from the Cheescake Factory (can't risk birthday dessert on an unknown) and even brought extra plates and silver. She was attentive as our crew worked their way through the beer menu. The patio is lovely in the evening with a duet playing country covers and originals, although the music is a bit loud for comfortable conversation. Still, Tommy's has a relaxed, local feel and is tops in Casa Grande if you stick dishes that are standard Italian - those creative specials might be a little too ambitious.
4	Great italian restaurant. Good service & delicious food! I was in a group of 12 & everyone at the table said their meal was tasty. I ordered lasagna & thoroughly enjoyed it! The chicken parmagiana was a table favorite. Even the burgers were good!
4	Living in Tucson I wanted to have dinner with my Dad, he lives in Tempe, for his birthday. My Parents found Tommys via google, menu looked good so we made a reservation. This is the perfect halfway point between Tucson and Phoenix. Arriving at our table we found it covered with a white linen and some balloons accompanying it. The other tables were without this so it was a nice touch. The server was nice but not very quick on her feet, she seemed to be a new hire. Seems like a pretty straightforward menu, I played it safe and went with the Chicken Parmesan and it was tasty. I chose a side of Penne with Alfredo and that too was good. The sauces tasted fresh, not from a jar and the cheese was perfectly baked on top. The ravioli and chicken Florentine were also ordered and well received. The bread was good, standard Baguette that was sliced and served with butter. My dad got a slice of cheesecake for his Bday. It was good but small so we ordered another to split between the 4 of us. The restaurant has a sign claiming to be the best in Casa Grande, which may very well be true. But the restaurant seemingly has an identity crisis. The Prices for entrees ran $15- $25 which lends to a higher end restaurant yet there were many things that screamed Family Diner. The bread was served with butter packets like iHop. A nice house made herbed butter would be a good touch. Tommys has an unique homely feel, since it is a converted house(s) but the tables and chairs are diner styled and the uniforms seem to be whatever the server feels like. Overall it was good food and quite environment but a little more thought into decorating and how to incorporate the homey feel would give it great character and charm. Making it feel more like a high end restaurant and less like a family diner.
4	This place is great. Got to try the clams
5	I love the busted rack ( lamb) any the riveted is great. I've never been disappointed
2	We went there Tuesday night for a friend's birthday celebration.  There were 8 of us in our party and we sat outside on the terrace.  It wasn't too busy there were plenty of tables free at 6:30 when we arrived.A few minutes later our appetizers and salads arrive.  The mussels were delicious.  They are prepared in a tomato, sausage, onion and pepper mix.  The salads were fine, nothing too exciting.One of our party members knows the owner and went to talk to her about our lousy service.  She offered to bring us a free dessert, but basically acted like she didn't believe her.At 8:20 our dinner arrives.  I ordered the angel hair pasta  and added a side of prawns to the dish.  I had exactly one bite of the pasta - it was cold and overcooked and absolutely flavorless.  yuck.  The prawns were beautiful and cooked to perfection but totally lacking in any seasoning.  The waitress disappeared so I took the lemon from my water and squeezed it over the prawns.  The waitress made absolutely no comment when she came to take away my plate.  My husbands steak was equally cold.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals.By this time we were getting pretty cold, we noticed a dozen propane heaters in the corner.  Perhaps they were out of propane?As we were sitting and chatting after dinner one of the kitchen staff started dragging big plastic garbage cans right past our table to the dumpster.  He made 3 trips, dragging the garbage cans right past us each time.  Not sure I'll return.
2	I took my Father here for dinner...once. We entered through the patio and seated ourselves on the patio, we sat there while servers walked past us for 20 minutes. Finally I got up and found the owner and told her what was up. She asked me where we came from,? I said Casa Grande, she said "I mean how did you enter the restaurant?", I said "through the patio". She said in a nasty tone "You're not supposed to do that!". I didn't see any signs that stated that. Bad start.The food was not good and the prices were WAY too high. And the service suckedI will not be back.
2	My pasta came drenched in Oil, and it was cold, I saw a few reviews mention that also. Soup was pretty good, only reason I gave it a 2 instead of a 1. I just feel for the price you can go down the street to olive garden for better food for 1/2 the cost.
5	Just had my favorite dish off the new menu and everything was great! You hardly ever find restaurants that lower their prices and raise the quality and taste!!
5	Went for dinner over the last weekend and was totally delighted by the quality of the food and the awesome staff that greeted us and served us.  Vanessa was our server and she was a wonderful asset to Tommy's and to our experience there.  Please don't pass this place up, you will be left wanting for more.  Check out the pictures of the Sinatra pizza and the Filet Mignon.  YUM!
3	We were greeted as soon as we got into the restaurant and got to choose our table.  Our waitress was a trainee, which it would be all right, if she would have been shadowed or supervised by an experienced waiter/waitress.  She made a couple of errors, that would have given management an excellent coaching moment, but they were not there.  One of those mistakes she made was when she told me that I had a strong accent and she didn't understand me.  I certainly have a strong accent, but there are ways of clarifying without being rude.  Later on I just, nicely told her about it.  That was one of many.No one came to our table to ask how we were doing or to check on the poor thing, she was young and certainly inexperienced.  I don't blame her, management should be helping these new trainees.  That's why they are there.Food was great though.
5	Exceeded expectations. Take out for six adults and one child. ....very tasty, hearty, and large portioned dishes,  bread, salad, and desert for $131.00. Enough left over for next day lunch, too.  Good house wine at happy hour price while waiting. Friendly sweet staff.   And the best ever home made cheesecake by co-owner and Tonmy's wife  Patty.
5	great tasting food, nice\friendly service.....no negatives at all, had a great time, food was excellent...the smell around us from other customers food was out-of-this-world.pasta dishes were great,salmon dish excellent...
5	And I am saying "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!" because I was totally shocked to find a place this good in Casa Grande.  For a minute I thought I was on The Hill in St. Louis.  Let me back up a minute.Did you ever have one of those days where you had 18 things to do and you didn't want to do any of them?  I know you have. We had one of those and so decided to drive around aimlessly toward Casa Grande.  Did some shopping.  Got hungry.  Now I have never been impressed by the restaurant choices in CG and usually end up just grabbing fast food or speeding back to Chandler.  Well, after checking the reviews on yelp, we decided to try Tommy's, and I am so glad we did.Our server, Alex, was wonderful.  She took our drink and app order right away, and then gave us time to look over the menu.  We never felt rushed and she was ahead of the game with the leftover pizza box and the check.  The food speaks for itself in the pictures I took.  The prices are absolutely a steal for the quality of food we had.  The restaurant is decorated very nicely on the inside and we had a cozy booth.  The bar area is large and they have a huge outdoor patio.  I look forward to taking a friend of mine who loves Italian food.  Tommy's is an absolute gem!
4	We just finished dinner at Tommy's and all together said "what a great dinner!".  We were meeting a friend half way between Phoenix and Tuscon and naturally Casa Grande was the half way point. Tommy's Bistro had good reviews and the menu looked good. When we first pulled up we were a little suspect...however all of that went away when we opened the front door. The service was top notch, food was amazing front the appetizer thru dessert! We'll be back!
5	Absolutely the best Italian I have had in a lot of years. The waitress was attentive but not over powering. Would definely come back here if I'm ever in the area again
5	Excellent food. Lasagna was outstanding, we all had it. Delicious bruschetta. Nice relaxing and casual atmosphere. Staff is attentive but does not rush you. Easy to find off I 10. We will come again!!
2	We are what you would call regulars here... Or were, I suppose. We went several times a month and with the exception of a very few select servers, we were never remembered... We have had several experiences that left us saying, 'we'll never come back,' but I think tonight did us in... We waited over 10 minutes and were never acknowledged by a server. If you take a chance and decide to go here, don't expect great service unless you get one of the good servers who will probably not be there the next week, you'll probably think the food is way over priced and the atmosphere is hit or miss. Can someone please call restaurant impossible and save this place!!???
5	The food was so delicious and so different from everything else in Casa Grande. Highly recommend.
4	Went here last weekend and can say that I was pleasantly surprised! My boyfriend recently moved here for work and we needed a place to eat.  Instantly went to yelp, put in restaurant, and the highest rated one we got: Taco Bell.  Not exactly what I was looking for. So we went and searched further and found Tommy's Bistro.  We were so please with the food and service here.  The wait staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt.  Our orders were taken in a very professional manner, and drinks were brought quickly as well.  The food was great too! My meal tasted good, and was a decent portion size.  The bread that also came with the meal tasted fresh.  All in all we were very pleased with the restaurant. I do think that we will be back at some point.
5	We have been to Tommy's numerous times and have always had a great experience! Recently went in for happy hour. Prices on appetizers and drinks were great! Great atmosphere and servers are always very friendly and helpful! Will be returning very soon!
3	My wife and I were looking for a place to eat and being new in town we went to the internet. Read a few reviews and considering the proximity to our home we thought "hey this looks good." So we packed up the family and drove there. We were greeted at the door but it seemed like the hostess was just another customer. She seated us in the dining room and our server promptly came over to take our drink order. After dhe left I had a moment to look at the decor. I found it outdated and didn't care for it my daughter also found a Kleenex stuffed under the cushion. I'm not expecting the dining room to be as clean as a surgery room but a cursory cleaning would be nice. I've shared the bad and now I'll share the good. As a starter we ordered th bruchetta and they were great! Tasty and fresh! My wife ordered the special which was shrimp scampi and steak. It was cooked wonderfully and tasted great. I had the Mediterranean grill it had chicken, shrimp and Italian sausage with penne in a creamy sauce. It tasted great and I loved it. We were also informed children eat free which was a plus. I will go back and next time I hope to add another star.
4	This place is nice and the food is pretty good. They have a good outdoor atmosphere and a pub-ish bar that's nice to hang out at. I recommend eating outside on cooler days and evenings. The service is comparable to most other places with servers.  This is a great place to hang out with friends and family to get away from everything for a short while.
5	This restaurant exceeded my expectations!!! The food was delicious! The service was better than some fine dining establishments in Los Angeles or Phoenix! The atmosphere is OK and the bar is full. I had a steak and it was cooked to perfection! We had desert - cheese cake - and left supremely satisfied!I WILL come here again if near or in Casa Grande! The place was clean and everyone wanted us to have a blast... Great outdoor seating area too!A solid 5 stars!!!
5	Great selection, quality and friendly place.  The specials are great value, the steaks are awesome as well.  I ate ther 5 times on a business trip I liked it so much.
4	Great bistro. Italian and American food. I had the calzone and my wife had the ribeye steak. Both were great. The server, Vanessa, was friendly, fast, and very professional. The martini and margaritas were very good. I'd recommend coming early to take advantage of their happy hour and to beat the crowd. We will stop here again when in town.
4	Great Italian food; excellent service, with a friendly atmosphere, with large portions at a fair price.  I had the Veal Picatta and the wife had Baked Eggplant Parmesan.  Both were outstanding.  Start with the Bruschetta, you won't be sorry!
