1	I HATE THIS PLACE EVEN MORE!I get there 930am to make an 11 am scheduled flight.Sleepy. Hungry. Need food and coffee.Get my E-ticket. Check my bag. Get through security, all under 20 min.Pretty good huh?Sleepy. Hungry. Need food and coffee.See a few places along the way to my designated gate.Starbuck's. Long line, whatever. I got an hour.There are only 2 girls working the counter and espresso machine,  they're kicking ass.After about 15 minutes, i get close enough to the counter to see the sandwiches. There are only 2 left. The customer ahead of me asks if there are anymore.Nope.Apparently she's a vegetarian. Cool. I grab a Chicken pesto sandwich.Look at the price. 9 dollars? What the fuck?Order my regular coffee.Pay about 13 dollars. FUCK!!!I HATE THIS PLACE!I sulk over to the gate. Sit and eat.It's A lousy sandwich. I'm pissed and eating a crappy sandwich.The coffee isn't Peet's, and I'm pissed off.I finish my breakfast and then hear over the speakers that my flight is delayed about 30 minutes.Fuck!
3	So I'm talking about the Starbucks in the D Main Terminal, which is right next to Ruby's Diner.  Since it was in the afternoon, there wasn't much of a line.  I just wanted a Coffee Light Frappuccino which they made pretty quickly.  I was happy.  I'm normally not a huge fan of Starbucks, but this was a pleasant experience.
3	Long lines but exactly what I expect for an airport. Fast enough service to get a coffee before my flight.
3	Long lines, jacked up prices, but it's the airport.I've never been given an incorrect coffee, my drinks have always come out great. There are better Starbucks in McCarran, but if you need a coffee fix this one will do just fine.
1	Did starbucks have a contest to find the slowest employees of the company, round em up and place them all here?!?!I get that the prices are inflated because its an airport, but BECAUSE its an airport time is of the essence and if you are going to charge more lets not take 15 minutes to make an iced latte!! Sheeeeesh.
4	Pretty solid for an airport Starbucks. Fast service. Can't complain for limited menu considering it's an airport kiosk.
3	Not a very good Starbucks, especially due to their limited menu. Also they lack customer service skills because if you're in the process of placing an order and another customer comes up to ask a question, they will stop talking to you and deal with said customer before resuming with your order.
