5	Ever wanted to know what it's like to drive a Jeep AND go off-roading? Booked a tour for the Apex/Nellis Sand Dunes near the air force base and it's the perfect route for those who have limited experience or who have never gone offroading before. After a 20 mile drive from Excalibur to the starting point in either a 2 door TJ or 4 door JK, the trail starts off on some dirt roads with mild inclines and descents. Tim and Quinnan were our tour guides and while they've been doing this day in and day out, there were very helpful in explaining how to approach and overcome any of the obstacles. All the obstacles have a bypass so if you're not comfortable tackling any of them, you can feel free to take the detour. My friend and I had an absolute blast and can't wait to sign up for another one of their tours the next time we're in town!
5	Had a great time. We purchased a groupon for the Nellis/Apex tour. They arrived on time to pick us up at the hotel, ready with the Jeeps. We had two other couples on our tour. It was so much fun! Tim and Quinnan were our guides and were great. I would recommend this company and would do the tour again.
5	My hubby and I were visiting Las Vegas to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary from Hawaii and had the most awesome and fun time with Quinann and Tim during our 4X4 Jeep excursion to Apex/Nellis on 2/12/13! Quinann and Tim are very professional and genuinely caring people and their love for off roading definitely shows through their tours.  They are very knowledgeable and do an excellent job of educating those going on the tour of safety issues and environmental awareness. They also do an excellent job of teaching you how to operate their jeeps correctly to ensure your enjoyment and safety. The Apex/Nellis tour is a great way to get your feet wet when you are off roading for the first time. I also think that this tour would be enjoyed by those who have prior off roading experience as well.  The different terrains that they take you through, gives you the opportunity to experience of little bit of everything from driving through rocky terrains, climbing up and down hills, a little bit of rock crawling, and driving through sand.  The views are breathtaking and the experiences that you take with you are priceless and unforgettable! You need not worry if you get stuck or are afraid to go through certain areas as Quinann and Tim are very patient and do an awesome job of coaching those who need a little extra help as we had witnessed a couple of people on our tour who needed a little coaching. Bringing your camera for this excursion is a definite must as you are given photo ops along the way, not to mention that Quinann and Tim are also taking pics of you while you are jeeping through the dessert, might I add, FREE OF CHARGE! Where in Vegas are you offered such services right!!? This was our first experience ever with off roading but after our excursion with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers, this will definitely not be our last! My hubby and I are looking forward to booking our next off roading adventure with Quinann and Tim when we visit Vegas next year! We are hooked, not only to off roading, but to off roading with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers! If you are looking for an awesome time with fun professional people who are passionate about what they do, look no further, make some time to go out and experience the other side Vegas, book a tour with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers! I promise you will have a blast and will be coming back for more! I know we'll be back for more fun with Quinann and Time for sure!!! We will definitely be recommending Las Vegas Rock Crawlers to all off our family and friends in Hawaii!!!
5	I bought my wife their rock crawling trip for Christmas and we had the time of our life.  She was loving every second.  She enjoyed it more than me.  A bit scary but the awesome loaded jeep rock crawler combined with Tim's spotting and guidance got us back in one piece.  They take you to truly awesome parts of the desert with spectacular views of canyons and dunes and plateaus of the gorgeous desert.The experience is once in a lifetime, unless you are like us and go out and order a Jeep.  Quinnanne photographs you in the best situations and it is included in the price(no extra charges for the pics like on a cruise or Disneyland).This trip rocks!!!!
5	his was a great adventure.  Your jeep is literally pointing straight into the ground and you're actually in the jeep driving it.  At times you're facing straight up into the sky and can't see past your hood.  Our tour guides were the owners and they were incredibly nice and knowledgeable.  It was fun, bumpy, scary, and worth it.  They were on time.  They guided us with patience through the scarier areas.  The walkie talkies were great to keep us informed.  They were just total pros.  Both my husband and I really enjoyed this adventure.  The price was worth it.
5	In from NJ and we wanted to see the scenery in this part of the country as well as have an enjoyable driving-related adventure for my son and husband. We did the Rocky Gap Trail. It's a fairly long drive to get there -45 min- but the amazing views and great off-roading was definitely worth it. Tim and Quinann were great - nice people, very knowledgable, and they seem to truly enjoy what they are doing. We had the 2 door Jeep with my son in the backseat. It was February and in the 60's but the back of the Jeep is open and it got chilly. Thankfully Quinann had thoughtfully provided a blanket. We did the scenic drive through the Red Rock Canyon then let some air out of the  tires and went off-road.My husband is a good driver, but there were still some scary parts. Tim was great at leading and directing us, even when it seemed like "the Jeep just shouldn't be able to go through there".  The backseat apparently was not as comfortable as the front seat (of course), and my son got tossed around quite a bit, but he had a great time.We look forward to trying a different trail next time we are in the area.
5	My hubby and I were visiting Las Vegas to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary from Hawaii and had the most awesome and fun time with Quinann and Tim during our 4X4 Jeep excursion to Rocky Gap Trail/Red Rock Canyon on 2/14/14!  This is our SECOND Off Road Jeep Adventure with Quinann and Tim.  We had the pleasure to go on our very first off-roading adventure with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers last February and had so much FUN that we came back for more!  Tim and Quinann are very professional, enthusiastic, and genuinely caring people whose love for off-roading definitely shows through their tours. They are very knowledgeable and do an awesome job of educating those going on the tour of safety issues and environmental preservation and awareness. The Rocky Gap Trail/Red Rock Canyon tour is filled with lots of awesome and breathtaking views along with tons of rock crawling fun!  Our off-roading adventure with them was definitely unforgettable and has us wanting for even more! You need not worry if you get stuck or are afraid to go through certain areas as Quinann and Tim are very patient and do an awesome job of coaching those who need a little extra help. Bringing your camera for this excursion is a definite must as you are given photo ops along the way, not to mention that Quinann and Tim also bring along their camera so that they can take pics of you while you are jeeping through Red Rock Canyon, might I add, FREE OF CHARGE! Where in Vegas are you offered such services right!!? The pictures they took of my hubby and I were perfect and included lots of priceless, Kodak moments that we will treasure forever!  We felt that this would be the perfect way to spend our Valentine's Day, and it definitely was for sure! We are totally looking forward to booking the Logandale adventure with Quinann and Tim when we visit Vegas next year! We are hooked, not only to off-roading, but to off-roading with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers! If you are looking for an awesome time with fun and professional people who are passionate about what they do, look no further, make some time to go out and experience the other side Vegas, book a tour with Las Vegas Rock Crawlers! I promise you will have a blast and will be coming back for more! I know we'll be back for more fun with Quinann and Time for sure!!! We will definitely be recommending Las Vegas Rock Crawlers to all off our family and friends in Hawaii!!!
5	It was a blast and the tour guides were the best I have ever had for any tour! I highly recommend this "adventure tour" to anyone that wants to get out doors, see the mountainous terrain and drive a Jeep off road! It was a fabulous adventure for the entire family. We rented two Jeeps for our party of six (ages range from 17 to 52). Another family of four with much younger children also were part of our group and appeared to enjoy it just as much if not more than we all did! Some of the terrain is challenging, but with our tour guide Duke, if you can drive a car, he will coach you through it! In one word AWESOME!
