4	Brand-new Old Montreal Italian osteria specializing in pasta dishes of all sorts at a reasonable price.  I've only visited Venti for a special occasion with chef Sara Jenkins (Porchetta, Porsena, NYC) during their first week of operation, so I haven't gotten a full sense of chef Michele Forgione's talents in the kitchen and the service was still a little rough around the edges.  But, that said, the menu looks great, they're one of the only restaurants in Montreal with a pasta extruder (meaning they can make dried pasta in a range of finicky shapes [like strozzapreti!], in addition to making fresh pasta), and they appear to have a strong team in the kitchen (two of the featured pasta dishes that night--artichokes, sweetbreads, mint, and tagliatelle & strozzapreti with lamb sausage and mustard greens--were perfectly executed and rank among the best I've had anywhere).
3	I went here last Thursday for lunch because i thought it looked so adorable from the outside. I ordered the Piadina panini and my boyfriend ordered the asparagi milanese and gnocchi di ricotta. My bf's dishes were incredibly delicious . . .very light and flavorful. My panini was not very good and I didn't care to finish. It was very salty and dry - not a good combination. I gave Venti three stars because I thought the lunch menu was expensive. The pasta, for $15, was not very big and the salad was 3 spears of asparagus and a fried egg for $10. Also, the service did not do the restaurant justice. Our waiter seemed to be just going through the motions. The lunch menu says "dinner menu also available", so we asked for it and made our original selections from that menu. When we ordered, the waiter said we could not order from the dinner menu. very odd . . . why did he give us the dinner menu then? I believe we were the only patrons there during lunch hour. Either no one knows about Venti or they know something that I don't. Anyway, I think this place has great potential and when I visit Montreal again, I may give it another shot. But my first experience was definitely a 3.
4	Planning an evening out with a group of boisterous friends, lively conversation, good food, and a few glasses of vino, and not too worried about having to wait between courses because you'll be busy chatting it up anyway? Excellent choice. Planning a romantic, quiet, well-paced dinner for two? Maybe not so much.Last night was my second time at Venti. The first time, it wasn't too long after they opened, and although the food was wonderful (the melt-in-your-mouth gnocchi de ricotta was the best gnocchi I've ever had), the service was a little off. The food warranted a second try though, and this time I had a fabulous evening (and better service) with a group of friends. We laughed, ate, and drank all night long. The cod crostini was the perfect mix of creamy and salty, and the cornish hen was full of flavour. My boyfriend raved about the veal meatballs. The only thing I would skip if I returned is the arugula salad (I've had better). The menu is divided into many courses: crostinis, antipasti, primi, secondi, sides, and of course dessert. The mains (secondi) don't come with any sides, so order a side dish if you want some veggies. For big groups, it's worth considering the timing of the courses, since it's unlikely that anyone will order each course. Ordering a bunch of dishes and sharing is a good way to go. Venti also has a great Italian wine list: we had a lovely, crisp Prosecco to start the night, and a juicy Amarone with our mains.
4	Normally when I travel for work my meals consist of Sonic and Subway.  By chance I happen to be traveling with a coworker for once and he insisted we go into the city for some decent food.  Good call my friend good call!  I felt it was pretty loud and voices definitely carry in this place but the food was so good and my companion was bordering on annoying after two drinks so I didn't mind.  I had the heirloom tomato salad and beet ravioli.  The salad was good but it had large chunks of salt that made it jarringly salty.  The beet ravioli was so fantastic!  I loved everything about it.  I'm hoping to either A) find the recipe online, B) track down the chef and beg him for the recipe, or C) go back to Venti on my next Montreal plant trial.  I will be doing C for sure.  I loved the open kitchen and the racks of wine and jarred ingredients around the area.  This was a great place to eat.  The service was so-so but we sat at the bar and it was pretty busy.  The staff was very helpful trying to direct us to a different bar and back to our rental car.  This may become my standard go to Italian-craving-satisfied-while-in-Canada place.
4	Here from Seattle on business and was craving Italian.   It was packed for a Wednesday night.   I sat at the bar and had great service.  I had the Spaghetti nero di seppia con polipo e seppia and it was wonderful.
2	We went there with a group of 8 people. This review will mostly cater to the vegetarians out there.Basically, Venti is not a good choice for us. We all took the tasting menu, and I was pretty shocked when I saw my friends get a very substantial appetizer with plenty of food and choices of meats, and for me they brought me the most basic and simple salad of all time.One type of greens, a couple of pine nuts, and an under seasoned dressing. Really? Is that all you can make? It was very bland and felt like they just threw in something in a bowl real quick in the middle of making the "real food" for others. I could have easily made a better salad at home and I never even cook.Then, for the main meal, they brought the mains for everyone else and left me waiting 10 minutes for mine. They had forgotten about me. So they threw something else together real quick once again. What I got was a really weird combination of yet another salad and a side of lentil.... salad.Needless to say I left Venti with a very unsatisfied feeling that I had just gotten ripped off. The food was extremely lackluster and I never felt like I was eating in an italian restaurant.How about putting some thought into what you serve vegetarians? Italian food has so many great options for people who do not eat meat!! I suggest taking a stroll to DNA to know how to use your regional ingredients better and for a slew of creative and satisfying vegetarian dishes.Another strike for Venti.. the noise level is completely unbearable. We could not even hear ourselves think. My wife was sitting next to me and I could barely hear her. I am not sure what they could do to help this, but it's just not an environment conducive to any sort of social interaction...On top of all this, the service was very subpar. I had to ask 3 different waiters to bring me lemon for my water before I finally got it. We had to wait around 50-60 mins for the main meal and the waiters' manners would get a B- for their tendencies to forget things, hit the plates on the table when setting them up, etc..I rarely ever write bad reviews of restaurants but on a personal level there was nothing to feel good about at Venti. I highly recommend you go somewhere else.. there's plenty of much better options in and around Old Port.
4	By far the best Italian food in Montreal. NOT the type of Italian food you get in plates big enough for five people but the type that you would get if you were actually in Italy. I should say that I come from a real Sicilian family. I know what the food tastes like and they do a great job. I highly recommend this place. I am removing 1 star because as other have noted it does get a bit loud. If they were able to fix that I would give it a 5.
4	Sicily is one of my favorite places on earth. Why? It's beautiful, the people are supernice, island = beaches, and of course, the food is insane. The Sicilians have it right - no-fuss traditional southern Italian cuisine. If you want haute and nouveau, you're totally missing the point.As much as I love eating at chi-chi restaurants that often have more style than the people eating there, I usually don't like my food to be overly fussy. I believe in fresh seasonal ingredients prepared in a way that makes them shine. That's why I was so impressed with Osteria Venti.A traditional osteria is a simple traditional Italian "eat & drink" place serving uncomplicated food. And although trendy and located in a "happening" area of the city's Old Port ,Venti is exactly that. It's raw, simple, slightly rustic, but still clean and modern. Some may think the space lacks charm, but I think it's exactly as it should be. The space and atmosphere reflect the cooking - real Italian. Like, from Italy. You know what I mean... No whitewashing or false pretention. Here, it's 100% about the food.I ordered the shrimp salad with fennel and capers as an appetizer, the Brussel sprouts with pancetta as a side dish, baked roman-style semolina gnocchi as another side dish, and spelt flour pappardelle with a mushroom cream sauce as a main.The shrimp salad was delicious and fresh. It was a nice consolation prize after having ordered the same salad with octopus and being told that there was none left. Octopus is supertrendy right now, order more for next Friday night!The Brussel spouts were well-grilled and still crunchy. Nothing exciting here, just good-tasting vegetables and Italian charcuterie. The tiny gnocchi were very good too, with creamy melted cheese and tomato sauce poured over them.I was so seduced with the idea of a mushroom cream sauce that I took the leap of faith with the spelt pasta (half portion). Lo and behold, it was amazing. The pasta and the sauce were fresh and homemade, the pappardelle was perfectly cooked al dente, and the whole was drizzled with green olive oil. I have to say, this is the best pasta dish I've had in Montreal.Finally, we looked at the Dolce menu and chose the tiramisu - I had heard people rave about it. What can I say? It was thick and creamy and cheesy... Mouth-wateringly delicious. Was it due to the chef's secret ingredient? We'll never know... But as long as he keeps making it and cute waiters keep bringing it, we're good.I can understand why Osteria Venti was voted Opentable's 2011 Diners' Choice restaurant. To put it simply, it's delicious, and the price-quality rapport is amazing. Venti encompasses all the best that authentic rustic Italian cuisine has to offer, and hey, it's cheaper than a plane ticket.Food 9/10, Atmosphere (goodforgroups) 8/10, Pretty people (oldercrowd) 7.5/10, Music (wasthereany?) -/10, Service 8.5/10.Pictures: http://belledenuitmontreal.com/posts/osteria-venti/
3	It was good. It wasn't great though. I guess I should have gone to little italy for great italian food but this place was decent. I think it was a bit overpriced though.
4	My affinity for cured meats almost overcame me before my common sense and humility got the better of me to stop me from throwing it to the ground and rolling around naked in it on several occasions during one meal. Amongst cupcakes, sandwiches and Olivia Munn, there aren't that many things that have that kind of effect on me. Venti subscribes to traditional Italian cuisine philosophy, sourcing local and seasonal ingredients and "make it yourself" mentality, everything from the stove, to plate, to mouth is as fresh as can be. Chef Forgione successfully tells a story with every plate that leaves his open kitchen, and you don't need to speak Italian to understand what he's trying to say.
3	Great concept. A little pricey for this type of  restaurant. Service not great. Would go back again not sure how long they are open may improve with time.Food had mixed reviews at our table
4	I had dinner at Venti on Saturday evening with 2 friends. First, I have to compliment the wait staff on amazing service! We were greeted as soon as we walked in by a very friendly fellow, and our waiter was equally friendly as well as helpful. Venti is a small restaurant with a simple yet warm decor. I found it very cozy and well laid out; despite it's size, you don't feel like you're too close to your neighbour.I ordered an appetizer of crostini with butternut squash, mascarpone and sage served on toasted (or was it roasted?) bread. I really enjoyed this light appetizer - the cheese was creamy, fresh and the squash had just a hint of nuttiness. My only request is that it would probably be nice if the squash was served warm. The bread was good, but just a little hard around the crust. My main was the garganelli con manzacolle, zafferano e arugula (garganelli, British Columbia organic spot prawns, arugula, saffron sauce). The pasta was fresh (a little too firm, but no cause for complaint!) and the saffron sauce was delicious. It wasn't overpowering - just the right level of tastiness. My only complaint is that I only had 3 shrimp in my dish. My friend had the same dish and she also only had 3 shrimp so it's obvious they count them. As this was more or less a shrimp dish, it would have been nice if the chef had been a little more generous with his shrimp allocation. For dessert I ordered the Torta Caprese  (chocolate & almond tart), which was amazing! It was just the right level of chocolatey without being too rich and heavy. They seem to have a good wine selection, and I really liked the glass of white that I had, but I can't remember what it was :-)  Also, you have the option of getting a half dish, or a full dish which is nice for those nights where you may not be feeling ravenous!Overall, I was happy with the experience and would go back.
4	Wonderful classic Italian food, excellent service and a great casual atmosphere.Our third night in Montreal and we asked the concierge for a restaurant with good food, mellow atmosphere and not too expensive. He recommended Venti just up the street from our hotel.Venti has a local feel to it, not pretentious, relaxed and casual.  When you enter you will see the chefs busy at work. We were seated at a cozy table at the rear of the restaurant surrounded by the Old Montreal buildings classic brick walls. On the walls were slate boards with the evenings specials and libations.Our waiter was attentive and spent several minutes explaining each course on the entire menu, this was unusual and really a nice touch.He offered a taste of several wines as we struggled to decide on our aperitif.  We settled on a delicious Pinot. Great crusty Italian bread with a light olive oil dip on the side set the tone for the great meal ahead.For appetizers we had a very simple but wonderful arugula salad dressed with olive oil, lemon, freshly grated Parmesan and pine nuts. We also had a mozzarella bread with artichoke spread which was interesting and tasty.For our main course there was a rigatoni oxtail stew, cod with olive and capers in a light tomato sauce and my personal favorite, a squid ink pasta with baby octopus and cuttlefish (5 star dish). In all, a great meal with a truly local feel in the touristy section of Old Montreal. So glad our amazing concierge directed us to Venti!
4	Expensive and very good Italian food. Homemade pasta. solid service.
4	Our only complaint was the noise level.  Other than that service was relaxed.  Arancini app was awesome, so was eggplant app.  Veal Milanese did not diss appoint.
4	We went here on my husbands birthday, after a long day meandering through old montreal. When we arrived after a lazy glass of wine around the corner, there was literally no one in the place (~6pm). We popped in because the menu looked good, and were seated right away without a reservation. The waiter was extremely friendly and helpful. The bread was melt in your mouth delicious. The type of bread you could just eat as the main meal with a few full glasses of wine, but I digress... We split the gnocchi (named something else on the menu but the waiter educated us; an appetizer, about 6 pieces of pasta each), it was was out of this world. The eggplant parmesan was also very good. The scallops were just ok, but we both didn't finish off our half portions. The wine was delicious, and a chocolate flour-less something or another for dessert, left us full and smiling.
4	So, we walked in Old Port and after a long an exhausting search for good eats...we stumbled upon Venti. And damn glad we did...The place wasn't packed with people (around 7PM) but the menu looks amazing. Open kitchen? Done. We walked inside and got seated immediately. Friendly staff. Bread is free, delicious (warm and soft) and plentiful. But be careful, they will refill it as soon as they disappear...save room for your actually meal. Good wine selection. We ordered the braised oxtail w/ pasta and the squid inked spaghetti w/ seafood. Pasta is made on site and both were al dente. Awesome. Generous amount of oxtail and plenty of seafood (octopus, shrimp, mussel, and squid). The restaurant itself is very casual, lighting makes it more intimate, and the staff makes you feel relaxed and right at home. Will definitely return...
5	I would go back anytime. Went there for lunch with clients; good ambiance, good food, good import beer, good service, good experience!!!
4	Just had lunch at Venti for the first time and i was a solid performance on all fronts. Service, food and ambiance were all very good. I really liked the decor of the restaurant and thought that it had a nice feels, a nice authentic piece of Old Montreal. I will definitely add Venti into my regular rotation of lunch spots.
5	DELI-freaking-CIOUSWe had a 4 course meal with all type of food, but overall there was nothing I did not like. Only problem I don't remember the name of the dishes because I had too much wine (not their fault) but I do recall eating delicious octopus,  tasty gnocchi, smokey-tender lamb, and the most delicious brussels sprouts I have ever tried in my life.
5	What a great place if you're craving for some authentic italian food!We got there as a large group (15 people), and even though we had a reservation we had to wait quite a bit to get seated. First thing you'll notice about this place is that it's relatively small and it's very, VERY LOUD. We literally had to yell all the time, otherwise a person you talk to can't hear you at all. I almost lost my voice at the end of the day. Actually for that reason I'd give them 4.5 instead of full 5 stars, but as Yelp doesn't allow that, I think they're closer to 5 stars once you try their food.We tried almost all appetizers available, and they were really delicious. The ingredients were really fresh and authentic italian. You can even order a smaller portion of main dishes as appetizers, which is a really nice thing. For my main dish, I chose pasta with wild boar ragu and parmesan cheese. What a great dish! Pasta was fresh and home made, and cooked just right (al dente). Wild boar was delicious and fresh. I also tried pasta with octopus, squid, mussels, cuttlefish and octopus ink, and it was as good as my dish.One of the common bad things about Italian restaurants in the North America are desserts, as they are not always really authentic, not even close. This time we tried semifreddo and tiramisu, and it was as good as it gets in Italy.Definitely a must visit place for Italian food in Montreal, I only wish the place is not that loud.
4	Great place if you're craving for good Italian food in Old Montreal. I've eaten here handful of times for dinner. Great menu.  I'm very partial to their Spaghette al nero di seppia, squid ink spaghetti with seafood.  This is a very hard dish to find, and they do an excellent job with it.  The prices are very reasonable.  Nice and casual atmosphere with good service.
2	So disappointed tonight about Venti.  Appetizers were cold and the pulp salad was not as good as it was last time we were there.  The waiter told us the chef they had since the beginning is gone to another restaurant .... Very sad, but the new one needs to go back to culinary school .... He has a lot to learn!
1	Really very average food and service. The noise level in the space at lunch was  unbearable.Only 3 dishes on the pasta lunch menu, and the ravioli with mushrooms sold out so we were left with 2 choices. We chose the Pesto with shrimp, it was disappointing we had to look for the shrimps on our plates to find them, and the pesto was bland as if it came from a jar. The only item our party of 4 enjoyed was the coffee. I think we won't be back soon. They really could have done a better.
1	My wife and I ate there on a recent Friday night.  The place was almost empty when we got there at 6, and stayed quite empty.  Despite not being busy, our food took nearly an hour to arrive.  I ordered what was ravioi by another (French) name and got only 9 one inch squares of ravioli.  When I questioned the waiter he said 8 or 9 was standard.  My wife had the porketta which I helped her eat.  It didn't take us long to eat and when we departed at 7:30, there still were not many there.   Went there on recommendation of Fodor's--wish we had gone elsewhere.
1	The service here was good and the waitstaff attentive but the food was terrible. The carpaccio we ordered was a full quarter inch thick and drowned in cheap truffle oil. Our entrees of pasta and fish were over-salted and bland. We each had a glass of wine to wash them down but the wines were no exception to the poor ratio of cost-benefit. Also, it was terrifically loud. We were reseated further away from a hen party but it didn't help much.
5	Loved it! I found this place by accident. Great fish. The ambience is lovely. I'd definitely consider going back.
2	Unfortunetly a fail. A cute restaurant on Saint Paul but the mood was mediocre if not bad. Me and my friend had a pretty good meatball appetizer but the duck and mushroom pasta was awful. Tasteless- the mushrooms were gross and the duck was hard. The staff was delightful though and a big help when looking for a place for me and my girl friend to go to. Otherwise avoid this place if your a foody
