5	I recently attended a company party at the owners house and he had several different flavored frozen drink machines available for everyone.  I could not believe how good the product was and I asked the owner for the recipes.  He said he had no idea how it was made as everything was taken care of by the company who provided the machines.  I asked for the information and contact Tropical Breeze Frozen Drinks for a party I was asked to coordinate a few months later and the service they provided was awesome, they dropped off the machines, showed me how to set everything up, and came and picked them up afterwards, no fuss, no mess and very reasonable.You can't go wrong at your next get together to include these great little machines!!
5	My wife and I have a Super Bowl Party earlier in the year and had one of the machines for the day. We had the Pina Colada annd the Margarita flavors and they were both a big hit! The greatest part was that Glen (the owner) came over and set it all up and then came by the next day after the party and cleaned it all up and took it away. NO work on my part! Make your next party a success and rent one of these machines.
5	I've been to a few parties now where they had the frozen drink machine. It was great! It makes all the difference in the world to get a nice drink in a few seconds instead of always having to mix a new drink. Makes the party much better. I'll be getting one of the machines for my Christmas party!
5	What a great thing to have at an office party (after hours anyway).  I love these frozen drink machines, easy to use and easy to refill.  A great addition to the parties I have attended.  I recommend you try it out for yourself.
5	I love the tropical breeze frozen drinks. I have had them before and they work really well. I would definately use them at my parties.
5	Just used the 'magic drink machine' at a very important party for my company and clients and it was the talk of the party. This is by far the best way to have a party. Have your own margarita machine!! I love it and will use them again often.
