1	Attorney Eric Blank agreed to recover funds owed me by real estate broker, John Bostedt. Blank neither prepared nor did he present for my signature any written representation Agreement.  In fact, the absence of the Agreement is a violation of the rules established by lawyers, Nevada Rules of Professional Conduct. The amount owed me by Bostedt was $11,723.75.  Blank initially stated he was a specialist in the particular legal field (real estate) regarding the recovery.  Throughout the case, and most especially during arbitration hearings, I repeatedly had to advise Blank of Nevada Revised Statutes relevant to real estate practices and/or transactions. When I started receiving invoices from Attorney Blank, I initially paid. Over time I paid his firm well over $10,000 dollars for this case and a couple of other cases.  Later on we got the judgment for $11,723.75, plus some additional costs due me were awarded.  Then I started to receive what may best be described as an attempt at fiction writing:  Blank's invoices.  If anything should have been blank, it most certainly should have been those invoices.  Later Blank demanded $13,706.29 (greater than the amount owed me by Bostedt in the first place).  Then Blank sued me for the money.  I received inferior services.  My expertise in the real estate field was critical to my receiving a judgment from the Arbitrator in my favor.For the past five (5) years, Blank continues to harass me for the funds; while he manipulates the legal system to his advantage.  I believe the Great Recession is no excuse to charge for inferior services. Attorney Blank should stop harassing me and trying to pursue collection.
1	Frustrating when they don't do the things that they need to do to take care of their clients. My pharmacy has been trying to get a response from them for SEVERAL months and now I'm stuck making calls on my vacation to get them them to do their jobs. Wondering what the point of this attorney is if they don't even do what you need them to regarding accident claim. Would not recommend!
