4	Well priced, good breakfast. From the outside it looks run down but inside was very clean and nice. I felt very comfortable and food was good. I look forward to going back for lunch.
5	This place is great! I moved right down the street, and I thought it looked pretty weird at first. But, we went here and tried it and I'm in looove.Everything I've had here is really, really good. And such good prices. I think I need to get in here on a taco tuesday!
5	This is a great quirky little restaurant. I usually stray away from places that have every kind of food under the sun, but this place is different. The food is always very fresh, hot and delicious. Everything is very clean. I get the feeling that the owners/management/staff really have their heart in it. Pretty quick too.
4	Huge selection unique items and now many vegetarian options. Mexican, Chinese, a Thai dish, and dinner (american food including breakfast items) they have it.On my first visit I oped for the daily special which was a chillie rellno and a drink for $6.99 The chillie it self was quite good, the sides were standard and the hand made soft corn tortilla were amazing. My coworker had a dish we had never seen before, potato gortia like long patties covered in sauce cheese and chunk of carne asada. ~7.50 which he did enjoy.My one grip with this place is the price. With tax and tip meals are close to $10 and I would like it to be just a buck or so less for lunch pricing or have a pei wei like format so I did not need to tip.
5	The first time I ended up here, it was because it was within walking distance of my hotel, and why not? It was so good that I rearranged my next cross-country trip to stay in the same hotel, so I could eat here again. I love it!They're pretty proud of serving everything all day, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The variety is amazing, but everything my kids and I ordered was really good. I focused heavily on Mexican breakfast foods, but my sampling of other dishes that my kids ordered suggest everything is equally delicious.
5	I came upon this place with my daughter one morning passing by, when they first opened up. Since then I have brought multiple co workers here and they have all done the same.Good food at a great price. I hope they stay around for awhile and expand to other locations!
4	Excellent service. Very nice people. Loss of options (bordering on too many), but the Mexican food was great and the prices can't be beat.
4	This is a very nice, clean place. My husband and I stopped by here late one Saturday morning. It's amazing what they offer. Can't really call them an IHOP or Denny's since they also serve a more authentic selection of Mexican food. Asked the waiter if everything on the menu is up for grabs at whatever time of the day, and his response was, "yes". Hooray!!! American, Chinese, Mexican. Breakfast items as well. Yummy! My husband had a meat and veggie loaded omelet and loved it. I had pancakes, poached eggs, fruit, and sausage. Pancakes left something to be desired. Tasted store bought but okay. Wish they could spice the pancakes up a bit with diff toppings or flavors. Friendly staff and good cheap food. Will def come again to check out their Chinese and Mexican dishes.
4	I am always looking to support small businesses and this one did not disappoint me. I was a little apprehensive about the appearance on the outside but decided to give it a try. They have a large variety of foods. The chicken salad is GREAT, the place is clean and the staff are very friendly. Don't let the appearance stop you, try it, you will not be disappointed either.
4	First time here. I had breakfast and my wife had lunch. Good food, decent portions all at a good price. Place is clean. Staff is friendly. Would definitely come back.
3	Interesting place. I have eaten here before but not enough to correctly rate it so I gave it 3 . Mexican American & Chinese food. All things to all people? Perhaps. We'll see.
5	Our favorite place to go for breakfast on the weekends. Although I'm disappointed that they're no longer open on Sundays.
5	The food was very fresh and good. This is a small family run place which is the type of place I prefer. Prices are good, staff is friendly and the portions are just the right size. We came to this place because of the Yelp reviews and it was spot on.Not fancy, but clean with good food.
5	International House of Food is as legit as they come. I can't be more thankful that this place is within walking distance of my house as every time I've eaten here the food has been delicious. I've yet to try the Chinese options, but all of the American diner-style food has never left me anything but satisfied. The true stars of the menu thus far, however, have been the Mexican options. For my most recent visit I had the huaraches with the al pastor meat. Numerous flavors and an adequate amount of food make this a darn near perfect dish. There's a sick mural inside, it's a small operation run by genuine people, and it's a neighborhood spot, so I'd encourage anyone and everyone to give them a shot because businesses like this one are what we need more of.
4	This place has come in handy in the area more than once. You can count on it for quick service and a decent meal.
5	Best authentic Mexican breakfast I had in a while!!! I love this place, it's my first time here and I am definitely coming back!!! I'm so happy I found them on yelp!!
5	Great food for a reasonable price and an added bonus the music they play is Christian
5	Had breakfast here for the first time. The food was really yummy and the service was excellent.  Everyone was super friendly. The location may look a little scary from the outside, but it was very clean and comfortable on the inside and showcased a beautiful mural from a local artist. I will definitely go there again.
3	They give you a lot of food which was nice for the price. the trick here is that I called my food in so I can eat right away.
5	I just ate a very satisfying break fast . I had the huevos Ranchero and found it authentic and filling as it shuld be . I also got a side of very tasty onion rings . Wow could not have enjoyed more . The service is great and the place is clean and neat . Pricing is inexpensive which doesn't mean the quality isn't there. It's just a very good value.
5	The raison d'etre of Yelp is to spread the gospel of local businesses like International House of Food. This little spot is a gem, tucked away on Van Buren in the shadow of the downtown skyline. The menu is large and aims to please a variety of palates. The prices are a steal considering how delicious and home cooked the food is, serivce congenial and amicable, and the interior itself is spotless and comfortable. This morning I dropped by with my special lady friend for breakfast, around 7:00, and we were the first customers, we ordered a battery of items to get a good idea of the spread: a waffle combo- one waffle two eggs a slice of bacon and a sausage link; a taco plate- one pastor, one asada, and a chorizo taco with rice, beans dusted in cotija, a side of grilled onions and some homemade tomatillo salsa; as well as a bowl of peanutty pad thai teeming with tofu, chicken, scallions, and eggs. It was a glorious repast, and insanely affordable.  I can't recommend International House of Food enough, and I'm happy to say that this won't be my last visit. A solid option and a boon companion to the downtown restaurant scene, may they live long and prosper!
5	This place is incredible! Truly a hidden gem!!! You definitely can't judge a book by its cover... although the exterior may not be easy on the eyes the inside of this place you can tell is very well maintained and clean. I been here a few times and must say no complaints the staff is amazing and super friendly! I've tried many dishes and have yet to be disappointed! Chicken enchiladas with rice and beans are my go to but the super chicken sandwich w/French fries is also one of my top favs!  I would HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone and their mothers!
4	Good food at a good price. I can't say I had an experience that others had where they had amazing food. I went with my family 2 hungry guys and my 5yo. We all ordered breakfast, my husband had the steak omelette (which he said was good, not great) one son had the breakfast burrito (which he said was great),  my other son had the waffle, (which he said was great) , I had the big breakfast which I would say was good, not great. What I can say was great was the service. Our hostess was super nice and super helpful, which I value highly in restaurants now days. All in all, I like IHOF and give it 4 stars (they get +1 star because our hostess was soooo nice)
4	Good food, good service, reasonable prices and great variety. We were plenty surprised by this one. Looking forward to coming back Plus it's a local family owed business!!
5	Had 3 tacos with rice & beans plate, the pastor was delicious! Meat was flavorful, salsa was spicy and everything was fresh. Fruit water of the day was watermelon and blended to order so I was even more stoked that I stopped in to eat here for the first time.   I will be coming back. Service was excellent and almost full service, you just pay at the register at the end. Inside was very clean and though minimal decor, a large mural spanning two inside walls gave the place some personality.  Outside lacks curb appeal, but the area is safe (I live 2 blocks away) and seeing it so much it's quirkiness has grown on me. I get that it's a breakfast/lunch place, but only thing I'd change is to be open later. I'd love to come for dinner but closing at 6pm is too early for me!
3	I was shocked that 29 people had even been to this place when we drove up for lunch today. The menu is a decent size but they might be trying to do too much. I had the chicken club. The bacon was great but the chicken was chewy (tasted like it was thawed too quickly). The diet Pepsi also had a strange taste. Next time (I'll go back because it was alright and super close to work), I'll get a BLT because that bacon was 2.8 of my three stars.
