5	My Mother sprayed, powdered & showered herself with Shalimar from the time she was a teen.  The scent is in my blood.  After years of Obsession and Hanae Mori (both of which I still adore), and not wanting to be a clone, I dropped in & asked for a new scent, something "me"... and the wonderful clerks, Claire and Tee, found just the right one.  La Petite Robe Noire, a mix of raspberry, rose floral & vanilla with a touch of the Orient, it reminds me of my wonderful Mom - to a point!  Not only did I leave with a beautiful bottle of deliciousness, but they gave me little glass testers of many other perfumes that are being smell-tested and asked that I review them on their website.  Great store, great, personalized service!
5	Guerlain is Love. This tiny boutique inside the Venetian feels like it has been transported from another time. Guerlain is one of the oldest perfume houses in the world, and their experience is evident in the complexities of their fragrances. Their scents are old-fashioned yet creative. When my friend and I went to Guerlain we were looking for their eye kohl (amazing, by the way) but we were drawn to the display of perfume bottles. The store clerk, Chuck, was very knowledgeable about the product and was able to make suggestions for us based on our interests in other fragrances. He knew the inspiration behind each fragrance and shared fun metaphors for his favorites. Guerlain fragrances fall into a variety of price ranges, but be prepared to spend quite a bit (over $200) on anything in their exclusive lines.
5	Excellent selection, great service. Sales associate Tee is a peach. As a factory store, they carry everything Guerlain. I may have started an affair with Habit Rouge and their Vetiver. If you can't take it with you in your carry-on, they'll ship for free.
4	I'm a huge Guerlain fan-boy.  Besides this store I also like the one at EPCOT.  This -may- be friendlier though with a slightly wider selection of the classics.If you see Claire (who is awesome!), tell him Brian from Seattle sent you. ;)
5	What a magnificent store. I was happy to get a nice cologne and the help from Tee was superb. Every time I stop by I get treated well and it makes my experience top notch.
1	I love the smell of Meteorites, and since Guerlain discontinued the Meteorites fragrance, I knew Apres l'Ondee was the closest smell with the violets and all.  I was excited to purchase Apres l'Ondee at the Guerlain boutique at the Palazzo this past weekend while I was in Vegas.  The manager sprayed me generously with the tester, told me to warm it up on my wrist, and I bought a bottle. After walking around the shops happily with my Guerlain bag for no more than half an hour, I found my husband and told him about my purchase and had him sniff my wrists.  Nothing.  My neck?  Nothing.  WT?!?  There was not a TRACE of scent left.  Not one tiny bit.  Are you kidding me?  Yes, it's an EDT, but half an hour is ridiculous, especially when the price point is at or higher than most other EDPs.  I went back to the store, told them about the vanishing scent and re-sprayed generously with the tester to give it another chance.  Half an hour later...nothing.  So the next morning, I went straight back to the store to return the bottle.  I hadn't even taken it out of the bag, and the pretty bow they tied was still on the bag handle.  The same manager that sold it to me the very day before told me they do not accept returns.  Nowhere in the store was the return policy posted, nor did she ever tell me there were no returns.  She said it is printed on the receipt (which of course, you get after the purchase and you're already locked in.)Poor product + poor customer service = the last time I purchase from Guerlain.
5	I absolutely love Guerlain products and perfumes, so when I'm in Vegas I always make a point of coming to this boutique to sniff and test. I went to Vegas last week and had such a wonderful experience, I thought I'd better share it. When I first walked in, the store manager, Jorganne, was attending another guest. She went out of her way to acknowledged the fact I was waiting, apologized and let me know she would be right with me. I can't express the depth of my appreciation for this.  There is nothing worse than feeling ignored when you're about to spend some dough and it's amazing how many shops don't follow this practice. Once it was my turn, Jorganne was extremely helpful, agreeable, and genuinely nice. I bought my favorite perfume, and requested samples of two other perfumes that interested me. When I got back home to San Francisco I found that the samples were not in the bag, and I was extremely bummed. I considered emailing Jorganne to see if they were still laying around somewhere but got too busy and forgot. A few days later, I received a very sweet thank you note from Jorganne, and that same day a UPS box with the samples that were accidentally left out of my bag along with some additional samples. It was seriously as if she read my mind. I haven't experienced service this good in a long time, so I had to make sure to document it. I can't wait to go back to Vegas and I hope Jorganne is there the next time so I can personally thank her for making it such a great experience.
2	I personally love their products. But I had a bad experience with the sales lady.
