2	Unlike its more tidy little brother (a Margiotta I recently reviewed) this bigger Marchmont Road branch of Margiotta is slightly less organised and appealing than the other. Sure enough, it's a convenience store that serves its purpose, however the lack of quirky classical music and shoddy interior make me wonder why they didn't just stick with the other one, after all they're within a minutes walk of each other.
3	I agree with the other reviewer that this Margiotta is not as good as the one nearby. It doesn't have the same character. It still remains a convenience store, but with another Margiotta nearby, and two Scotmids within proximity, one wonders just how convenient a shop needs to be. As with other Margiottas, the standard of food sold is on the whole pretty high. The trade off is that its more expensive. This is find for odds and ends like milk and bread (you won't notice much), but any sort of bulk shop and you'll begin to feel your wallet getting a touch lighter.However I do have to point out how the friendly the staff are. It didn't used to be the way, but whoever they have in operating the tills now are a helpful and particularly smiley bunch.
4	I've decided this place deserves 4 stars by virtue of its amazing houmous alone. They have other good things, but oh my, the houmous is GOOD. This Margiotta has never been my regular place. In first year I used to go to the one on Warrender Park Road, but never really this one as there're other places closer to where I need to be. And even though there are many a Margiotta in Edinburgh, every single one is a tiny bit different. For example, the Margiotta on Warrender Park Road doesn't have the amazing houmous, but has better baked goods. Even the deals differ from shop to shop. Say, the beer deals at this Margiotta are just not very good. I mean, they have a great selection of ales, but man, are they pricey. What I recommend you get from this place is the cheese and the houmous. They have delicious cheese. I particularly like this soft cheese (I really am terrible at specifics) that is covered in herbs and is a spiral.Don't expect cheap from Margiotta, though. They've been known to be quite cruel to students' pockets.
3	Margiotta is in general more expensive than the Scotmid just up the road and the other Scotmid on the side street, so you do not come here for value for money.Why you do come here is because although in general it's slightly pricier it has a far more substantial range on offer so you can be fairly sure that you'll be able to find whatever it is that you are looking for.In the absence of a shop in the area that can match this place for the range of goods on offer this place does stand out and also does an impressive amount of trade which is generally a good sign.  It isn't anything to get excited about, but it's there for you when you need it.
4	Margiotta is one of the few places that has caused me to foodgasm, but it's such a wonderful mix of staple groceries, as well as very exciting food, that I couldn't really hide by happiness!It's very close to Scotmid in the Marchmont area, but aside from price, I would choose this one everytime. I was absolutely overwhelmed by all the great food they had; middle eastern snacks, an impressive variety of cheeses, fancy sweets and biscuits.. I'm a little sad I can't remember everything I saw! They also sell fresh fruit and vegetables, and from the sign outside home made diary ice cream. It's like all my favourite stores crammed into one... Sighhhhhh...
