4	Pretty decent Korean cooking off the strip in the LV Ranch Market area.  Good portions, about average prices.  For those that like to cook at your table, this place offers that option.
5	Good BBQ here. Very tasty. It's clean like another reviewer mentioned. I like the location of this place. In the heart of an Asian strip mall with a 99 Market.Why is Korean food so much more expensive than Chinese?
4	What makes me laugh about Korean food is that it's more expensive than a lot of Chinese. What also makes me laugh is...YOU HAVE TO COOK IT! Well Mother's is definitely a tasty new addition to Chinatown. It's right next to the Volcano Tea House. The staff is friendly. I guess I spoke too "white" so the lady really wouldn't let me cook my own food. LOL Actually it was because my arm was in a cast. OK BAD IDEA! Dont eat interactive food if you're in an arm cast. Hahaha."you want I cut for you?"Me: No I can do it"how? you got 3 hand?"Me:.....Me: I got skills...She cut it for me.....Yea I apparently don't because my clothes ate my food. Kalbe was very good. The kim chee and all the little korean appetizer thingies weren't bad. Yea I fill up on Korean food. Whooo - I had some garlic breath.....
3	Decent local locale and food, with so-so service.  We came here after a week of binging on the Strip from touristy restaurants and this definitely hit that "comfort food" spot on my tummy.  I admit the food was not the best Korean food I've had but it would do for Las Vegas.  None of the dishes were bad, but also none really stood out in my mind as being that great either.  The dishes I tried were the bul go gi, yuk ge jang, and kim chi jige.  All were just so-so.  Did they taste better after a week of eating on the Strip?   Service was a little slow.     I found out the restaurant is open 24/7 so I'll have to remember this place for my next trip back when I'm in the mood for late night Korean food.  There's also Korean BBQing at your table, which i haven't tried.
5	My favorite Korean place in Vegas.  Nice surroundings.  Very clean.  Excellent Pul Kogi and Kalbi.  I'll be back.
4	This is probably my favorite Korean Restaurant in Las Vegas. Its very nice inside, Friendly staff, and the food is always very good. Be careful with what you wear however, because you will leave smelling like a BBQ. Its fun to cook on the tables, but often leaves you smelling, and possibly stained. But its worth it.
5	To have a 24 hour place readily available to people like this is amazing.  We always end up spending about $100 for 2 (those Hite beers are light, refreshing and easy to blow through) but if you bring 6 people, it only ends up being around $200.  Its comedic to have a large groups of people eat here cuz even though it seats six, its like a puzzle trying to figure out what food goes where on the table and it actually promotes eating faster since you need clear plates to make space for the mackerel, bibimbap, and that 3rd meat plate you ordered cuz you didn't think 2 was enough but it was.  And to top it all off, you get that nice "beef cologne" scent from all the bbq that lasts on your clothes for at least a day.  I've always felt like the aerosol spray market was pigeonholed into just flowery type stuff and it could be big business to sell such scents as "Korean BBQ", "Apple Pie" and "Mcdonald's French Fries".Service was great.  Its interesting in the US that the staff has to grill the beef for you as opposed to places in Korea and Japan.  I guess that's just a health regulation thing making sure some crazy person doesn't eat the whole plate raw or super rare, get sick and then sue the damn place.  Anyways, I like this place a lot.  The best Korean BBQ I've had in Vegas.  I've never been here before 11pm and I like it that way.
5	The best Korean food in Las vegas! Get the Kalbi and shrimp! You get all the sides :) Great service (they cook it for you too) Fun lively atmosphere. Will be back berry soon!
4	probably the best korean food in vegas...which isn't saying much.  sometimes it's worth the drive to la to get the best korean food, but mother's grill is good and the service is decent.  we always get the ribs and spicy pork on the grill.  they give you the side dishes which are always fun to nibble on.
5	My friends and I went to Vegas for New Years weekend and on our first night, we wanted Asian food.. So , I suggested to just go to Spring Mountain Road , since there is a load of Asian stuff over there. After parking in the shopping center, we walked around to see where we wanted to eat. My friends and I all looked at Mother's Koreal Grill's menu, and we were sold.The inside of Mother's is very clean and the decor is simple, but nice. Their menu consists of food that you can barbeque, broil (like hot pot), and they also have dishes such as Tofu soup, and Bulgogi, etc. The food can be a bit pricey, but the service here is excellent. Of course, they start you off with the traditional Korean appetizers (seaweed, kimchi, etc). And even though we ate through the appetizers quickly and had them refilled many times, the staff never hesitated to give us more. We ordered one of their combos, which came with 4 different types of beef and also a chicken dish. The meat came on a big platter with the meat arranged very nicely in a bed of vegetables and lettuce. Also, the server actually does all of the cooking and serving of the meat to each person.  I also ordered the vegetarian hot tofu soup, which was very good. Overall, this is a very good Korean restaurant. Their menu is varied enough for everyone's taste whether it's BBQ, hot pot, or just a good bowl of Korean Tofu, which is my favorite. On top of that, the place is very clean and the service is excellent.  ALSO, THEY'RE 24 HOURS!!!if only we had 24 hour korean places in the bay area.. mMMmM.....
3	As the 2nd person to review this restaurant, I have to say two things. It's sad to hear that Lakina had such a bad experience, and I came here only once in the summer of 2007 but I had a good meal. Did the service lack a smile or timeliness? YES. But the bulgogi and kalbi were both prepared deliciously and the food overall made me think I'd come back again at some point.It's actually funny now that I think about it. I think I was overlooked for a table as well. I remember thinking, HEY! What about our group? We were here first!But I thought, maybe these people have reservations or something.... Maybe we should go back here and test them and see who, if any us, would get sat first!
3	Gotta say I was a bit disappointed.  It was cold in Vegas, I was sick, just finished a long day at a tradeshow, and all I wanted was some juicy savory grilled meats and the heat of the grill.  What I really wanted was Chosun Galbee!Mother's was OK, but not great.  I think I'm spoiled by the great Korean food in LA, so I found this Vegas outpost a bit bland.  The meat was just salty, but not truly flavorful.  The cold dish vegetables were limp instead of crisp.  The paejun pancake was too big and too soggy.If you're hankering for Korean food in Vegas, this is the place to go.  It's clean and offers a lot of choice.  But if you're expecting LA-quality eats, you'll be disappointed.
5	Definitely a great find if your cravy some real Korean Food in Vegas . Its also nice that I stumbled upon a mix of chinatown/ k Town in Vegas after a long day. I ordered the soondoobo Jigea but the best of the two was the tofu kimchi with pork Boekum (stirfry) This was Delicious, as were the side pageans.Enjoymk
2	The food was good... but the service was just abysmal. I know that I go through a good bit of water in a meal, but is it that hard to fill my water glass?Just over all disapointment.
4	Delicious BBQ and bibimbap. Greta soups. 24hr. Very dear to my heart.
3	"You are either with us or against us". When president Bush made that moronic statement it polarized people, and when the manager at San Toki Korean BBQ next to the Hard Rock made this statement "We have the best Korean chef in Las Vegas" he polarized me. He made that statement after I had told him "this is the worst Korean BBQ I've had", and now I'm on a mission  to find the best Korean BBQ in Las Vegas because I know San Toki definitely wasn't the best. It didn't even come close.After all 3 of us piled comfortably in to my 2 seater we were headed off to find MOTHERS, but our initial start was met with retardedism (new word)  because we ended up at Garden Korean BBQ up the street which almost threw off my quest, but that was corrected when we asked the waitress where Mothers was, and she accidentally slipped and told us down the street, so we piled back in, and off we went.... we should have left a tip (my tip, don't send customers to your competitor..haha).Mothers is located in a huge complex with several restaurants, but they're positioned approximately in the middle of the complex on the first floor.Unlike San Toki which gives you a whopping 3 side dishes (5.95 for refills), Mothers gives you the typical onslaught of 10-12 varying dishes which were all decent, and they had no problem in refilling them either. The meat quality especailly the Galbi was by far several times better than San Toki. Mothers also didn't bother cutting the meat up into tiny little squares like San Toki's idiotic presentation. The second dish was my favorite hyemit gui which is sliced beef tongue... yumm when cooked rare. Even the portions were a lot larger than the tiny portions of San Toki and it has nothing to do with quantity over quality because Mothers is still a lot better in regards to taste too.Service! The younger guy wasn't the best, but the older lady was somewhat attentive. She also made small talk, and asked how are meal was when were on our way out. Mothers is substantially a lot better than San Toki, and I'm definitely going to have to try the place out again.
4	Could the plaza that this resto is situated in be any more obvious that, yes, you are now in Chinatown? Decent soon dubu jjigae w/beef and dweagi-bulgogi.  I liked all their panchans. Service was sweet, quick and attentive. they have a variety of hot soups and stews for hangovers, but I didn't see any gomtang.  Shame.Most grilled meats were at least $20 and could feed 2 or more.  The soondubu was less than $10 I think.
4	Food: 4 starsService: 3.5 starsPrice: 3.75 starsIt is located in the Chinatown area. We came here for lunch and ordered Eundaegu Maeuntang $17.95 (silver cod fish casserole with veggie and mussel in a hot and spicy broth) - taste very good. We also ordered Galbi Tang $10.95 (short rib soup) - the broth was a bit too rich, which was not the authentic soup base, and the beef was a bit overcooked. The kim chi side dishes were good, but the waitress was not attentive enough to ask if we would like refills. Overall, the food was good, but comparing to the other Korean restaurants located in the next plaza, Mother's Korean Grill is a little overpriced and the service was not as good.
1	The food itself is a little below average compared to other Korean restaurants. The reason for my low rating is their hospitality. I had couple friends come in town and had never ate Korean food. I took them to this place, hoping they would give a good impression for our friends. The waitress was rude to us, probably viewed us as a bunch 20 year olds. She did not  come by our table beside sitting us down, getting our order, and giving us the check. Couple of older guys, say in their 50s, came in after us. She stood right beside their table the whole time serving them. Also, they got their food way before we got ours. When we got the food, it was somewhat already cooled down. The taste was somewhat bland. Not only was the lady rude, she even complained that we did not give her enough tip. She literally told us, the tip was not enough, even though we ordered two dish and have already gave her $5 as tip without complaining about her inhospitality. We end up giving her $8 tip before we left. This left a very bad impression on my friend, that he does not ever want to eat at a Korean restaurant ever again. So in conclusion, my suggestion is that unless you are in the older crowds and you are Korean, this place probably isn't the best choice.
4	mmm, kalbi. we had planned on going to to kimchi korean barbeque late night one night. turned out i didn't make it that late, and we ended up at mother's instead on a sunday afternoon. we got two orders of kalbi and an order of seafood paemul. the kalbi was almost too much for us! but it was quite delicious. the panchan was plentiful and they were more than willing to bring out anything if we asked for it. our waitress was very attentive. she brought out more panchan for us when we needed it and cooked a good amount of our food for us. they were pretty busy for a sunday afternoon! the paemul was definitely too much for us, and i unfortunately thought it was a bit too thick. if i was back in vegas and craving some kbbq, i would definitely come back here.
4	I loved this place & want to return! There was a wonderful variety of side dishes (more than most korean bbqs I've been too). Also, the best dolsot bibimbap I've had was here!I was one of the few non-Koreans in the place but it made the experience more authentic, and I could tell I was experiencing quality Korean cuisine.If you are vegetarian, make sure to specify that you do not want meat in your dish, even if the dish description does not say it contains meat. Had to wait a little for our check but overall, it was a great experience.
4	Wide selection of Korean dishes to chose from.  Very clean restaurant with prompt service.  Nice decor.  The kalbi was good along with the array of dishes- my only complaint was that the kim chi wasn't spicy.  I mean, it was totally red and you could see the chili pepper flakes but it wasn't spicy, not one bit. So weird.
5	I really like this place for their cold noodle soup.
2	I went here for lunch a week ago. I think the food was good but the portions were tiny. They don't serve lunch on the weekends. There were four of us, we ordered three entrees. The bill was $80 at lunch! The service just sucked! I was like scared to ask for something. Anyways, I don't think i'll ever go again.
4	Mother's Korean Grill is in the heart of the Ranch 99 Chinatown mall on Spring Mountain near Valley View, right behind the "Journey West" golden statue, on the first floor. It is clean, modern, with esthetically pleasing decor of charcoal gray flagstone tile floors, elegant color combinations of black, natural tones and red accents, and nice touches throughout that give it a very polished look rather than your Ma and Pa dive.  The service was very prompt and we were checked on constantly by several waitresses. The booths have high quality stainless steel and clean hood fans and clean cast iron grills for the Korean BBQ. The restaurant has been in business for about 3 years. First you are offered a large platter of salad, with mixed greens chopped with a sesame dressing. Then 8 banchan dishes come out, plus the radish soup and rice. They also offer the garlic slices, hot green chili pepper slices and the brown soy flavored paste.The Bulgogi was good, well marinated and served with pieces of yellow and green onions, and a lot of meat, thinly sliced.The Dolsot Bi Bim Bop was served on a large heated clay platter rather than the small clay bowl many places use. It had the usually veggie combinations and rice, with some beef, but no egg. Maybe they forgot, as the picture on the menu shows an egg!The prices are a litle expensive, for the decor and the fact this isn't LA , SF or the OC, where competition keeps the prices lower. The Bulgogi was $22 and the Dolsot Bi Bim Bop was $16 for dinner. You pay more for the ambiance, but this is a good place and I had a good experience. I paid as much a half a block away and the service was slow and grumpy, and the ambiance wasn't as nice.
4	After all the massive junk I ate the previous day (buffets), I was craving some good ol' not fattening and healthy Korean food that would alleviate my stomach.As we were driving around the "Chinatown area," we saw Mother's Korean Grill, so we decided to eat there.. and I'm glad I did.Right when I walked in, I was impressed because I didn't expect it to be too nice, since it was Vegas anyway. The interior was very modern and sleek, and the place was huge! The restaurant is divided into bbq grillers and non bbq grillers.We ordered the Kimchee Soft Tofu Soup and the Kimchee Dolsot Bibimbap (mixed rice, vegetables, beef, hot sauce in a stone pot) and both were pretty good. The soft tofu soup was ok but the kimchee dolsot bibimbap was very unique. I've never had anything like it and I'm from Southern CA for goodness sakes! The servers were nice and accomodating, the place was really clean, and overall, I had a good experience there. The prices were higher than in SoCal but that's because there aren't many Korean restaurants in Vegas - duh.The boba place right next to Mother's Korean Grill is realllly good too.. Korean food + boba = happy happy me.
2	I wanted some Korean BBQ in Las Vegas, and went to this restaurant for dinner.  The decor was very nice with stone, wood and artwork, and the service was very good (albeit the restaurant was mostly empty on a Tuesday night).  However, the food just wasn't that good.  I had the Dak Bulgogi (Chicken) and am used to the very well marinated meats in Korean BBQ restaurants in Los Angeles, etc.  However this chicken just wasn't flavored well, and was pretty bland.  With the large number of Asian restaurants in the "Chinatown" section just west of the strip across the I-10 I was surprised that this was one of the most heralded restaurants.
2	Sadly, Mother's has gone downhill.First of all, they have raised their prices significantly...you know, one of those really subtle price-change strips down the side of the menu so there can be no doubt in your mind that you are paying more. With all the extra money they're now making, you'd think they could spring for a newly-printed menu. Not to mention that raising prices is a bad pychological move in this economy. They have no wine list that I could see, and only 2 Korean beers. We ordered beer, but the waitress forgot . So after we dove in to the Kimchee sides and our tongues felt like we were fire-eaters, I had to chase her down to bring the beer to mitigate the mouth-heat. Lots of apologies followed. (Too late girls.)My group ordered the 4 beef-combination plate for 3 people at $75. The beef was kinda gray and measly. It tasted fine once it was barbecued, but it was not high-quality meat. (Here's another tip: if bringing raw meat to the table is part of the dining experience, make sure the meat looks really good cuz people are going to look at it!)The place is open 24 hours, not that I ever have a craving for beef at 5 in the morning, but all in all, I think it's time to explore some of the Korean restaurants elsewhere in town. Perhaps some of those mysterious places in the Commercial Center at Sahara and Maryland Parkway.
5	i love korean food.. and i like this place.. i've been there twice already, and even though it seems pricey, i really don't think it is.. the menu is primarily family style, but they also have rice plates.  you have the option of cooking it yourself or having them cook it for you in the kitchen, and the portions are perfect.. the waitresses were on it and constantly asking us if we needed anything or if the foods okay and i love that about this place.it hits all the criteria of a good restaraunt: clean, friendly, comfortable, good food, and FAST!
4	Very clean place, friendly service and tasty food.We were a group of 6.We started it out with Grandmother (they name their multiple person sets by relative names like Aunt and Daughter).Then we finished eating Grandmother.And moved onto Your Mother.I'm just kidding. They don't serve that here.We ordered a couple more orders of meat, mostly for the guys. By the end of it, we were stuffed.All in all, we were very pleased with what came, and the salad that comes with the meal is deeelicious (I pretty much ate an entire mixing bowl full), and the kimchi is very good.Can't beat the taste of Mother.On a side note, there's a gargantuan, creepy golden statue of animal gods in the plaza.
4	In terms of Korean food this is probably the best in town. The place is clean and the food is very tasty. The only downside is the price. Compared to LA the prices are ridiculous. My tip: get the seafood combo. It's enough for two and the only reasonably priced selection they have. (around 3o bucks). It even comes with Gae Jang (raw spicy marinated blue crab) and Galbi. If you want to have Mul Naeng Myun you better be prepared to pay 12 bucks. That's almost double the price that you pay for the same dish in LA. But the broth was the best I have ever had and I am a Mul Naeng Myun expert. It truly is delicious.
4	For whatever reason, my friends and I didn't get any BBQ, but opted for noodles or rice dishes such as naengmyun (cold noodles, awesome on a hot summer day), bibimbap (rice topped with various veggies and beef that you mix with sesame oil and chili paste to your liking), and yukejang (hot soup with noodles, beef, and veggies). The quality of the food is comparable to restaurants in Los Angeles' Koreatown, but the prices are a bit higher. However, if you're not into buffets, need to stay away from the strip to stop gambling, and want the option of bubble tea afterwards (there's a tea cafe next door), this is a safe 'bet'.
4	My mother will be the first person to tell you she's not the best cook in the world but that's okay since she's my mom.Yet I've often wondered what if moms was a super cook?I think I've found my surrogate cooking mom.Mother's is located in Las Vegas' Chinatown.It's a modern and spacious restaurant which kinda threw me off since I'm use to Korean joints that are a little more cramped: Toyose and Shin Toe Bul Yi.The Galbi and Bulgogi were good cuts of marinated meat with just enough fat to give it some flavor.  Tasty.The sides were a bit on the tame side as my search for dried anchovies was to no avail.According to the wife, the bibimbap was only okay.The service was excellent.  Korean BBQ at your table means you cook it yourself.  Not here.  I don't know if it's standard practice to help the customer with the cooking or if they could tell we were too inept or thought they would be liable if we got burnt or afraid we may cause a fire.  Whatever the reason I think I liked it.They also suggested which flavors of Soju we might enjoy -- and where to buy some more after we left.The only thing about this restaurant is it's pricey.  I know Korean places that charge less for an all you-can-eat buffet than what this place charge for their entrees.But if you're in the mood for some good Korean BBQ at 3:45 in the morning, I couldn't recommend a better place.So until further notice, it is my favorite 24 hour Korean place in Vegas.Thanks Mother's.
2	Ive got to do this for my fellow YELPERS...Im in Lost Wages for my weekly funk and im with the brother MPWe decide on Korean BBQ, we then go thru our memory banks of good Korean BBQ we have had in our lives and that boy MP can eat him some KBBQ.  I also pride myself in the same manner.  So we go on the Yelp and catch a couple reviews on Mothers Korean Grill.We thought WHY NOT!?!?, Yelpers dont lets us down....I was sadly mistaken...read on....2 Stars - Dont want to bore you with details so lemme break it down...We do this one FOOD/SERVICE/PRICES - If you are industry, nuff said...FOOD - Nothing particularly special at all, salad was regular (easy on the vinegar chef!!!), the KIMCHEE was not that good (A little too fonkay), and to top it off....the meat was not that good.YES LET ME SAY THIS AGAIN........THE MEAT WAS NOT THAT GOOD..........now before I get challenges from all over LV, ima killit right now......if you want to eat my opinion of good KBBQ hit me up privately and ill give you a couple places in Los Angeles KOREATOWN that would make this place close down DUE TO SHAME!!!Not good at all, NOTHING WAS MEMORABLE OR DELICIOUS.2 STARSERVICE - This was OK.  Nothing great but nothing terrible.3 STARSPRICE - This was actually worse than the food...lol.....waaaaay tooooo expensive.  Im not a cheap bastard (Word to BIG BIRD) so its not that but rather.....YOU WANT VALUE FOR WHAT YOU PAY FOR........I felt no value for what I was paying.  If it wasnt for the company I was with it would of been a shitty dinner (Whats next on deck?)1 STAROverall this place will not get my business again......NOT ONLY BECAUSE OF THE FOOD (Who know might of been an off-night) but the prices are too high for me to take a chance again.Sorry mom...you always taught me to be honest.
3	With a name like Mother's, you are setting yourself up for very high expectations!This place is in a strip mall, but the interior decoration is nice and would be appropriate for a nice occasion.  The parking lot is huge but is very busy since it shares with many other businesses. I went here for a light lunch and did not do the Korean BBQ, which may be a completely different story.  I had the yukkejang, bibimbap and sundubu... that is what we collectively ordered.I thought all the above were acceptable... if not a little bit standard.  For a place called Mother's I expected a little better.  The panjan (side dishes) though plentiful and decent were nothing to rave over either.This may be a little cheap of me to say, but I think that $12.95 is too much for Yukkejang... unless it is mind blowing.  Ditto for the sundubu and bibimpap (I think they were around $11.95).  Maybe the ingredients just cost more to ship to LV.In case you are interested in the BBQ, know that it runs $25 - $30 per meat order and I am not sure that meat would be up to snuff.So far the king of Korean in my mind is Kimichi on Las Vegas Blvd... but then again, there is not that much competition, eh?
2	Being the only Korean BBQ place we saw in Chinatown, this was it.  It ended up being a comedy of errors all night.I think the fun part of eating Korean BBQ is cooking the meat.  Otherwise i would just go to a regular restaurant and have them cook everything in the kitchen.  Well, I ordered the Dak Bugolgi and they actually said it would taste better if they cooked it in the kitchen and then brought it out.Then we ordered the Grandmother's Special.  They brought the wrong order and started grilling the wrong meat.  They ended up removing the meat from the grill when they realized their mistake.  Once they brought the right food, every time anyone tried to cook the meat, someone came right over and took the tongs away and cooked the meat.  (No fun what-so-ever)Lastly, right before we left, there was some sort of sewer-drain overflow that started overflowing in the kitchen and it smelled like garbage.  Not a good smell when you just finished eating.  We left quickly.
4	Craving Korean and not knowing where to go, we settled on this place. We shared the galbi and then some dolsot bibimbap. The galbi was really tender. Also, the waitresses weren't flopping the meat on the grill- they placed the meat lovingly (i'm not sure why i'm so disturbed by the rough nature of some meat flipping). The bibimbap was tasty but the stone wasn't hot enough so we didn't get any crunchies!!! sad. we all know how much i love crunchies.
3	Slightly over-priced but still a very decent Korean BBQ place, especially out there in Vegas. We ordered one of their specials since that seems to be the best value on their menu and got a lot more food than we expected. They say that it will feed 3 people, but even with 4 my party had a hard time finishing everything. We had a sample of their different kinds of beef as well as their spicy pork, and all of them were pretty good, especially when its freshly grilled in front of you. Their side dishes, however, are lacking in taste and variety, especially in the spiciness department.
4	The restaurant is nice and clean. Try the kalbi ribs because they are so flavorful. We ordered the combo barbecue with several types of meat and it was a lot of food. They supply you with different types of kimchee to accompany your entrees. It comes with seafood tofu soup which was really good. The srvice was top notch. I love Korean food and I definitely love Mother's.
3	Attention all readers- the rating was originally 4 stars but now has been lowered to 3 (only because I can't do 2.5). Here's why...My husband has been stationed in S. Korea twice already (getting ready for a third time). I have been fortunate enough to visit him while he has been there and will again this 3rd time around. As a result of our Korean experiences we LOVE Korean food. Upon moving here, we asked around and was told Mother's was the place to go. We went ... and we love the food... the first few times. However, our most recent visit (a week ago) may very well be our last.I usually order the bulgogi (my fav) and my husband has the bi bim bop (his fav). Our past experiences at Mothers were great- both dishes were always delicious and worth the price for the most part (see part about the lettuce charge)!  I was extremely happy that Mother's also had my favorite Korean beverage, beksaju. The side dishes had always been amazing and the server continously replenished a dish that went empty. However, during our last visit, I noticed immediately that the price of the bulgogi had increased to $24 for one person. Also, the bakseju had increased from $6 to $14. These bottles are pintsize in the first place and sale for only $3 at the nearby Chinese/Korean Grocery market down the street (near DKJ). Therefore, due to the increased price for my favorite dish, both my husband and I ordered the dolsot bibimbap. Another reason why I didn't order the bulgogi- past experience had been that we were charged $6 for the lettuce to eat with my bulgogi. Frankly to me, this was a rip-off. Bulgogi is supposed to be served with lettuce or spearmint leaves. The fact that I had to ask for it and then get charged was ridiculous. Another saddening thing- there were only 3 side dishes instead of the customary 5-6. When the food was finished, the side dishes were left empty.  Both of us have felt that the quality and quantity of what you get has decreased while the price of what you pay has only gone up. Bad idea, especially given this economy that we live it. As a result, we will be very hesitant to recommend this place to anyone and will probably never go back ourselves.
4	Mother's is a fam fav ... and my mom-in-law knows the staff, the owners... service is on point, food is delish! It's pricey, yes, but well-worth the quality of cut meats, veggies, and limitless banchan.Thumbs up all the way. =D
5	YUM~!!! you can always tell a good restaurant by their kimchee. It's good to know i can find my roots in Vegas. Plus, the service is good, nice ajuma's!My non-korean friends joined me - they've been sold!
3	I liked it. Only ate their once though. Kalbi was good. A bit expensive for the amount that you get. $25? Seafood Chigae Soup was tasty. $10 during lunch. Banchan was awesome but then again, I'm a sucker for free side dishes! I spent $45 (tip included) for lunch for 2 people. 1 Kalbi and 1 soup plus one Coke. Also, I was the only table there aside from one other group of 4 Korean guys. Then again isn't everyone hurting from the economy? Now I must search for a pic! I have a good one to show the banchan!
4	good place for non-korean speakers. usually 1/2+ the staff speaks english. i hear the BBQ is pretty good but just shy of spectacular.the restaurant is clean and decorated nice.. which is notable but does not make food any better than most commercial center korean spots. for vegetarians, this is not on the menu but -  just ask for the dol sot bibimbop (rice+veggies in stone pot)  without meat,  you'll be happy!  ( it will come with egg+fake crab unless you request it without!)  the kimchee selections are top notch + service is great!
4	One of the nicer, but I hesitate to say one of the best Korean places in town. if you want to go to a place that offers OK to pretty DECENT Korean food in a very non tacky atmosphere, this is the place. I have eaten here many times and I think it is pretty damn consistent.
4	Came here again for a business dinner. We ordered the "Daughter" all in one menu (#3), which is Beef, Chicken and Pork, all marinated. It came with romaine salad first, and then a bunch of banchan dishes on the side. We also had 2 Jinro Soju (they only have 1 choice).Food was solid and the service from Eunice was very good. She had great timing, handling other tables, but coming back right on time to do all of our cooking for us, from starting a meat, to turning it over, to serving it to us. We had a nice table against the back wall, so we could talk business without a lot of noise, and with Eunice's professional timing, not any interuptions, either. We had plenty of food for 3 grown men, and with the Soju, the total was $105 before tip.
4	great food, great environment, service sometime little slow...went many time still one of the favorite
2	Stopped by for early lunch the day after Christmas.  The strip mall was buzzing as all the stores were crowded.  Not at Mother's.  Maybe Korean food is not the best for breakfast.  Anyhow, we expected good service and good quality food considering the slow traffic.  The soon-doo-boo was almost $10 for a tiny bowl.  It was not boiling hot and the evidence was the raw egg that stayed raw.  I was very disappointed.I overheard another party saying, "Wow, the prices are quite high! It's more expensive then Los Angeles."  The waitress' curt reply, "Well, we're not in Los Angeles."  Rude both ways but the hostess should have taken the high road.For a bowl of dumpling soup, soon-doo-boo, dol-sot-bi-bim-bap, and jigae, the final bill was $68.  VERY expensive for small portion and mediocre quality food. I was very disappointed.  Decided to go hit up the "Mr. Lucky's" in Hard Rock Casino and order the "Gambler's Special"!
5	This is one of the best Korean restaurants in Vegas! It's a beautiful restaurant, the pictures posted don't give it justice. Located in the Chinatown plaza district in Vegas just a few blocks from the strip, Mother's Korean Grill is a clean well lite, modern Korean BBQ restaurant with clean real marble tables and built in table top grill. When you come here you want to order Korean BBQ with a broad selection of beef and pork with a spicy tofu soup, or even a Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap (Headed Stone Clay Pot with sizzling rice, beef, and assorted Korean vegetables). You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything looked and tasted fabulous! Definitely one of my stomping grounds in Vegas! What happens in Vegas? Stays in Vegas! ;) Good luck on the slots!
3	All the 3* yelp reviews here are accurate...This place has good service (friendly , smiling korean women) but the food is just okay. We ordered the Hot Pot (big enough to share with 2, at the very least!) and bim bim bap. It's in Chinatown off-strip. We only had to order 2 dishes among the 4 of us.Here is the massive Hot pot (chicken and mushroom)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ofr2NWPhtO0WmPLr_mioXA?userid=OhFp0SPP5udI9EccfpzQ_gAnd the bim bim bap:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ofr2NWPhtO0WmPLr_mioXA?select=k_a2mSosJACAsOVIArexsgPrices are about $2/$3 more expensive (but I think that's standard all around the strip!)Just average.
1	Had simple grilled mackerel and daeji bulgogi/spicy pork and a hyedubap/chirashi salad and a pancake. The food was good, but nothing impressive or felt like home. I grew up in Los Angeles near Koreatown and grew up with Korean food as a staple. It's much cheaper for better quality and taste elsewhere. I would not mind the prices if it was actually worth it, but this was just A-OK food. If I rated the food alone it was about 3-3.5 stars.I give it a one star for testing my patience. I'm a very forgiving, patient customer but this was beyond unprofessional.First it took long for her to get back to us to order (maybe sat for 15minutes), then our food took 30 minutes to get to our table for very simple dishes. Still, I can deal with that.Its what transpired next that got me pissed.I tried to wave her down a few times as she was attending to other guests and she gave a gesture like she'll be there...took a few tries until she did actually approach so I can ask for water and tea refill and some lemon for the mackerel. She cleared some banchan plates and I dont think she was planning on giving us anymore...she never asked like she did with other tables. She never came back with drinks, lemon or any banchan. We finished our food and just wanted to go home since we had a long drive from San Diego...... waved and waved and asked for a check.15 minutes pass and she's attending to a new table that came in. It is not busy and it was late at night. 2 tables other than us and now a new 3rd table walked in all smaller parties of 3-4 people. Waved her again down for the check.Another 10 minutes waiting and I stood up and demanded to have our check. Went to sit down and waited another 5 minutes until I turned around and uncomfortably eyed her every move until she'd acknowledge my existence for 5 minutes. She finally brought it along after she rang up another parties check first in seconds after their asking. I was really pissed off being held hostage for 35 unnecessary minutes. I dont want to point the race card but everyone was Korean and getting prompt and friendly service except for us. We couldn't get anything we asked for and the Korean tables she was chummy with and got them drinks and sauces several times. I watched her pour the new people waters when I didn't get one automatically- I asked for one and the other people got refills of things when I couldn't even get a water and a check. Even if that wasn't the case that it's race, I really felt like such an outsider being ignored and it definitely was preferential treatment to the two existing tables and the newcomers. I should have walked out of the emergency door a long time ago. I don't think dine and dash is right, but I felt for once someone deserved it. She got $2 dollars as a tip just cuz were not complete assholes..but it was on a tab that normally we would tip at least $17 for decent service with our basic needs met. NEVER AGAIN. I've never been so irritated!
2	This place was just aight.  The name of the restaurant sounds homey as if welcoming to large families or groups, albeit the food portions are not enough for family style eating. The dishes my party ordered were barely enough to fill the tummies of three slim girls (we can eat!).  I would say that each dish by itself could serve a person and a half so my party ended up ordering only two dishes, while devouring the side dishes that accompany the Korean BBQ meals.  Prices for the assortment of beefs were quite exorbitant, as well as bowls being more than 10 dollars!  I'm the type of person that is used to all you can eat Korean BBQ at $16.99!  This place is NOT at all, an all you can eat restaurant.  My friends and I ordered a Galbi beef dish to be cooked at our table ($29.99).  We also ordered the bim bim bap ($12.00) with anticipation that it would come in a clay pot bowl with the sound of crackling crispy rice at the bottom and egg yoke on top. We ended up getting bim bim bap without the clay pot!  The sauces that usually accompany the bim bim bap were set on the side, where amounts could be added to ones own discretion.  The service was nice, albeit once our side dishes were finished up they were not replenished unless we asked (I'm used to being asked or refilled automatically).  The portions were small to where my party had to finish up our individual rice bowls just to fill up our tummies.  I was very disappointed with my Korean BBQ experience as I've experienced better for my money. On the upside, the place was clean and the service was nice and friendly.
3	Ok so first off the food was good!  but the prices were more than outrageous!!!! 23 doller for a plate of Jap jea?!?! i admit all the food was tasty, but unless your planning on spending a whole paycheck, i would only come for lunch.
5	VERY CLEAN and SUPERIOR QUALITY MEATS!I enjoyed my dinner here. BBQ beef steaks were amazing.Fresh veggies were served as side dishes and they all tasted good.If you need a nice korean bbq in vegas, this is the place to be!
4	This food is greeeeat!!! I love the bugogi (I donno if I spelled it right) the food was good and there were pictures so even though I didnt know how to say it I was like pointing to the picture with success!  Ryan was my waiter and was very good! All around good time at Mother's Korean Grill!!
4	I went to Las Vegas to visit a friend of mine. Did not want to eat on the strip. I wanted to experience the local flavor of Las Vegas. My friend recommended Korean food. Considering I have not had Korean food for a while, it sounded good. First thing I notice about the restaurant is that it is empty. Was after the lunch crowd but before the dinner crowd. Staff was really friendly and attentive. They sat us down right away. After sitting down, my friend recommended cooking our own food on the grill. I thought it would be fun so we moved to the table with the grill. I am not familiar with Korean food so I let my friend do the ordering for us. Ended up ordering some beef dish with a bunch of sides I never heard of. I was open to trying anything that day and it was delicious. Had a Kim Chi dish with cucumbers and I liked it. Also had a potato dish I thought was good as well. Also had some bean sprouts. They were fresh and crisp. Meat was pretty big and we threw it on the grill. Think the grill only had one setting and the meat seemed to take forever to cook. Frustrated about the setting and being hungry, my friend decides to cut the beef smaller so it could cook faster. Once the beef was cooked it was delicious. Nice and tender with great flavor. Best part was my friend thought me how to use chopsticks correctly. Now I do not feel like a fool when I use them. Thought the price was a little steep for what it is but I can live with it I guess. I had a good time here and would definitely come back. Good food, good atmosphere and I will remember this place as the place I learned how to use chopsticks.
4	I've been here twice in the past month.  It's a great place to get a TON of food.  Both times I've been there, I've stuffed myself to the rafters!The meat was quite tasty, marinated to perfection.  You get a flurry of side dishes, which I always end up pigging out on.The staff was very friendly.  They keep coming by to mind the grill and they cut the meat into nice bite-sized pieces.  The place is small enough that you are never neglected for long.Tip: If you go the BBQ table route, you probably want a party of 3 or 4.  If you have 3, then get 2 meat dishes.  If you have 4, then get 3 meat dishes.  You also can't forget an order of Soju!
3	Whenever I past by this restaurant, it always give me this homey feeling to it and thought to myself that one day I'll make some time to go. And I did. When I went there, I was promptly seated planned to be unbiased throughout the whole meal. Service was good.. Unfortunately, their food was just mediocre for the price I've paid. The menu is what I call, "tourist price". (Over priced) Tofu Hut serve similar things there for a less expensive price. If their food was as good as the place looks, I would've give them another star but eh, food was alright.
4	Freaking GOOD bbq! Good selection and good service. A little more expensive than I'd prefer, but it's still on my short list of good places to eat in LV.
3	I went to this place because I was really craving Korean food. They have an all-you-can eat option like most Korean BBQ places. What I like:Great service - very sweet ladiesA ton of side dishes and foodThe poached  egg was super tasty and not blandPlace was very clean, including bathroomsWhat I didn't like:Food was not spectacular, so-soI liked the place overall, but the food was not worth another trip back. I could have gotten the same thing at the other Korean place located behind the strip. It was a nice dinner though, but i don't think I will come back anytime soon.
2	My ex-coworker from NorCal came to visit with his wife, and we decided to meet up and grab some lunch.  Since we used to go to Palace BBQ Buffet in Sunnyvale, CA, (at least once every two weeks for 3-4 years, before our Santa Clara office was moved to San Mateo) we decided to drive around Spring Mountain and look for another Kroean BBQ joint.  The first one we found of course was Mother's Korean BBQ, and since we were really hungry we decided to try it out on the account that it serves Korean BBQ and it looks nice.We ended up order their most expensive BBQ combo platter to grill at the table.  They didn't have all-you-can-eat (which was one of the major draw of Palace Korean BBQ Buffet back home, plus they marinated the various meats with perfection only attained after years if not generations of practice and refinement), but the platter of beef and seafood looks decent, except none of it was marinated.  I was thinking WTH!?  $100 something and the meats are not even marinated, I could have done this at home for 25% of the cost.  Anyway, initial expectation and perceived value of the meal aside, the shrimps were fresh and the beef had nice marbling and it tasted good after being seared on the grill.  The side dishes had good selections, and when we asked for refills of the ones we finished the friendly Korean lady were quick to give us more.Not sure if it is the Korean Mother instincts kicking in, but they also tried to help us cook our food.  I was mildly offended, because I am so used to doing all the grilling whenever I went out to Korean BBQ with my friends and coworkers, and didn't need the wait staff to unconsciously rush us by cooking all the food we have ordered as quickly as possible.  Plus after we started our meal we weren't in a rush, and with the restaurant being semi-empty, didn't feel that table turnover was an issue.Anyway, I definitely have had better Korean BBQ in Korean (of course), in Taiwan and of course in NorCal and Korea Town in Los Angeles.  Price-wise I thought for what we were served, it was really expensive.  The quality of the food was good, the beef was sliced thin as expected.  The service was friendly but also inadvertently rushed.  The place was clean and in a prime spot in the ChinaTown Plaza.Would I come back?  Probably not for their expensive BBQ, although their Kalbi is supposedly the best in town.  But I can also make that at home with a quick stop to Greenland Supermarket when I don't feel like making it from scratch.  So only a 2 stars review from me, since I have definitely have had way better food and experience from other Korean BBQ restaurants.
5	I came here before with a friend who is Korean and he ordered for me. The food was amazing, but honestly I wasn't sure what I had eaten as far as the name goes.A few weeks later, I returned with my boyfriend and mom (neither of whom speak Korean). We were sat immediately, the waitress was very informative re: the menu items. I still wasn't sure what I had ordered before, so I just picked something that sounded delicious and I ended up being right! My mom did the same thing, she had a craving for spicy pork with vegetables and sure enough, that was the exact description of one of the items. She ordered it, and is still raving about it. My boyfriend knew exactly what he wanted and loved it just as much as he did before. The service was wonderful, our waters were always full. They even left a nice ice pitcher at the table. The restaurant is clean, and so are the bathrooms (so important to us ladies!). As far as price, I've seen a few reviews that said it was pricey for Korean grill, but I thought it was reasonable. I mean, you get what you pay for. The food was amazing, the service was great, and the place was clean. What more do you need?? Also, our waitress spoke english, it was broken, but we understood each other completely. I've seen a few reviews that said the staff doesn't speak english, I can't speak for all of them, but we certainly didn't have a problem.I literally have zero complaints. There was plenty of parking in the large lot. People were friendly. We enjoyed our delicious meal and had a good time!! I will DEFINITELY return and continue to suggest this place to everyone!!
1	5 friends and I came into town to celebrate my friends birthday. We ate lunch at Sam Woo and saw the advertisement for AYCE Korean BBQ next door. The place looked nice and it didn't seem to pricey at $19. So we came back for dinner that night. When we came back to dinner the waitress informed us there was two AYCE eat prices. For an extra $6 you can get Galbi and another meat. We thought for an extra $6 that it would be worth it. Unfortunately we were dupped the extra meat was only for one serving per person and not AYCE. The serving portion they brought out were children portions. They brought us $2 extra in meat while we paid an extra $36. Also they tried to rip us off on soup. They said you get one soup per two indiviuals. We had 6 people and we had to fight them for the third soup. I don't really expect great service at asian resteraunts, but if I ask for a refill and they say ok I expect to get a refill. Also if I ask for six dipping sauces I expect to get six dipping sauces not one. Pros: Nice Decor since they rip the customer offCons: Bad Service, Overpriced, Small portions, Uncomfortable seats, Not for Large Groups, meat was barely marinated, I will never go back to this place. I'm ok if there was quantity and no quality, or quality and no quantity, but this place lacked both.Eat at your own risk!
3	Whenever I'm in Vegas I'd visit this place and love the food.  But I didn't enjoy the food today.  I don't know what it was but it just was not good.   The short rib was too burnt so I had to cut the burnt part out myself.  The short rib soup was too bland and alots of salt had to be added etc.  This place won't be my first choice of restaurant in Vegas anymore.
5	This is one of the best in Las Vegas...IMHO.  We usually get the galbi and bulgogi and they always marinate it just right (not too salty and just enough flavor). I think it's best to cook it at your table because then you cook it how YOU want.  If you haven't tried Sundubu, you must!  I'm not really a soup person, but this one hits the spot. It's a little spicy, has tofu, you can order with your choice of meat (I always get it with beef), and seafood.  They throw an egg in there to cook on its own and when you eat it with rice, its the perfect combination!  Oh man...I'm hungry now.
4	Our group found this Korean BBQ place after eating at Pho Kim Long (one of the best pho places in Vegas).  For our party of 4, our group each paid $20 for the all you can eat menu.  Pros:-  Everything was clean!-  Water was served in glasses and plates were all ceramic.-  Bathrooms were also super clean.-  Meats looked really fresh.  The marinated beef was delicious!-  Location was good and parking was easy to find.Cons:- Service is SLOWWWWWWW.  Like unbelievably slow.  That's why I'm deducting a star.  There were only a couple of tables that were filled in the restaurant when we went and the waitresses had to be reminded SEVERAL times for the bill.- The waitresses had a little bit of trouble with English.  It was a little difficult communicating with them.All in all, I loved that this place was super clean!  The vegetables were fresh, the meats were fresh and the platings were super nice!  Nothing was served in plastic bowls/containers like most Korean BBQ restaurants.  Everything was ceramic or glass, so it made me feel like I was eating at a more upscale Korean BBQ restaurant.Great place!  I may come back again the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Momma no mas! Second visit and I don't know what happened or maybe I'm just better fed in the Diamond Bar and LA's K-Town area but this went to the bottom of my list of KAYCE BBQ.  The bugolgi was pre-marinated and not yummy. The boneless short ribs were super chewy and the octopus was baby whole and not tasty. However, the sides are normal and pretty good, especially with choice of claypot dish. FYI Beware, if anyone has shellfish allergies, the kimchi is made with raw oysters. I'm good on that so I liked it. Service was also pretty good with everything attended and refilled. The lack of stars is on just the meat that was subpar. Service, cleanliness, side dishes are thumbs up, which makes up the only 2 stars.
4	This was my second Korean BBQ experience as my best friends mom opted to take us out for dinner while staying in Vegas. I didn't know what to expect, all I knew was I was drunk and hungry! My best friend and her mom and Korean so she knew just what to get. We started with Hite and soju as well as a green salad and kimchi. I really enjoyed the pickled cucumber. We ordered Cow tongue, spicy chicken, teriyaki beef and spicy pork. All delicious but I especially loved the cow tongue. I was scared at first at the thought of swallowing something that swallows but it was amazing. They have a sauce which consists of sesame oil, sea salt and cracked pepper to dip the meat in once it is cooked as they do not season it for you, which makes your mouth water. We left full, still drunk, and happy. I can't wait to come back here in the future and hope I find a place just as good where I live!
5	First off, I'd like to say I am not a fan of Korean restaurants due to the fact that Hawaii's are ALL EXACTLY THE SAME. So naturally, my family enjoys Korean food. Upon moving to Las Vegas, we found the Koreatown district and became enamored with this place.We love the hours here, especially during our late night party binges. We refer to the owner as Ama (Mom in Korean), because she treated us like family. Service was impeccable, never a messed up order. And always offers a helping hand when we order takeout.Prices here hover between moderate and pricey but they are well worth the extra buck.The food (according to our Korean born eating companion) is the closest tasting to her hometown fare. The Tofu Kim Chee (te-COONG-she-geh) soup is very flavorful and possesses a medium heat. The marinated ribeye is freakin awesome with a slightly sweet twang. I recommend both with high regard.Mother's is probably the one and only Korean spot I enjoy, probably in the world.
3	Food is extremely good!. Prices average about 25 per person for dinner. They have little to no concept of customer service or expediency and you may need to ask for drink refills, napkins, your bill etc. The guy at the register actually asked me "Why you no tip?" so I say "no service,,no tippy!"
1	There is no way I will go back to the restaurant. The service was terrible!It was very busy at lunch time, but this shouldn't be the reason for waitresses to ignore us completely when I asked them to take our order more than 3 times!!! We just left after sitting at a table for more than 10 minutes.
4	Went to Mother's as sort of a last resort. We had been craving pho but after a mishap, we couldn't go back to Pho Vietnam upstairs. I was glad we ended up at Mother's anyway because I wanted some bibimbap. Upon arrival, we were seated promptly. The first thing that I noticed was the restaurant was decorated like a home. There was a fireplace and all kinds of little sayings on the wall (like "home is where the heart is"). The decor gave it a very homely feel. Even their bathroom is decorated well. The handicap stall even has a bidet! The menu was pretty extensive and had most typical Korean dishes. I ordered the dolsot bibimbap ($16). I wasn't used to the agar that they perched on top of my dish. It was weird, so I avoided it. The bibimbap is served on a flat stone plate rather than your typical stone bowl. It was so good and satisfied my craving. The soup (I believe it had daikon in it) was so perfect on a rainy night.  The only thing that disappointed me was the lack of banchan that they offered. They had kimchi, bean sprouts, cucumbers, and fish cakes, but I wish they'd offer more. Overall, it was a scrumptious meal; that bibimbap was bomb.I just saw that their hours on Friday and Saturday are 8am-5am! Yikes! They sure know how to cater to the drunk masses!
4	So this place isn't super cheap or anything, but I thought the food was delicious.  I finished almost all of the ban chan and asked for more.  They did accidentally give me the wrong tofu stew, but hey, I wasn't sure if I wanted pork or seafood so they ended up just making that a random decision for me.  I finished all of that too.  Along with some of my husband's BBQ meat.  Heh heh.  And of course, a few glasses of hot barley tea to wash it all down.  Service wasn't so bad when I was there.  Not super zippy, but not glacial either.  The place was super clean too with nicer decor than I usually expect for a Korean joint.Just FYI, they don't do table BBQ for less than 2 orders, but you can get it cooked in the back.  And they don't do AYCE anymore.  It's in the huge Chinatown mall thing that you really can't miss going down Spring Mountain.
4	Mothers has been our "go to" Korean BBQ restaurant since moving back to vegas.Food is very good, place is very clean staff are very nice and courteous.Hite beer and sojo available (as they should be).Side dishes are good, wish there were more types of kimchi, perhaps they are just bringing me the white boy version.Would be 5 star BUT they quit their all you can eat menu during normal dinner hours (so it is still available during drunk hours) .  I will be looking elsewhere because though I like Mothers very much when I go to korean BBQ I might be in a different mood once i start bbqing the food and want to switch more to pork than to beef or visa versa and I hate making this decision early in the process (ha ha) .
4	I generally love Korean BBQ as it is so tasty and delicious. Normally the places I go to are not so "inviting", but this place is a nice place to go.Atmosphere - Very clean, big and roomy restaurant. Well designed. Many of the places around Sahara Commercial Center and the older places are, well,  old.  This place is easy on the eyes for sure.Service - Very nice attentive and helpful, especially for novice BBQ eaters. If it gets busy though,  you will need to be a bit more assertive and ask for things. Food - Very nice, went for the Pork and beef. All nice and subtle tasting wtih not too much overpowering spices.  Kim Chi selection was nice, but very, westernized, meaning, that there were mostly the mild type of Kim Chi. They will refill for you based on request.  Odd that they do not serve a soup with the meal.  Fire was a bit low, so things took time to cook. Overall pretty nice.Selection - A bit more on the food. I usually order Bulgogi or Kalbi, and here they have various levels of quality of beef that I normally am not used to, so be prepared that you have choices in quality. More expensive, more quality the cut. I find, however, that proper marinade and tenderizing the meat and proper slicing make for a great meal, and I am not one to really be able to tell the great cut of meat in Korean BBQ. So, i ordered the least expensive.Other - I will for sure go back as it is easy to get to and park, as it is in Chinatown plaza, and it is fun to stroll around the little plaza and see what else is going on. Be sure, if you are on a date, to bring some mints and gum with you. The food has a lot of garlic.....Check it out for sure.
4	went here for the first time & I have to say I was satisfied with their food. we ordered the chicken & beef bulgogi and grilled saury, they were all really delicious! I would have given this place 5 stars for the food & atmosphere alone, but I had to take one star off for slow service & some dishes on the menu are a bit over priced.
2	Came here for lunch and it was a bit pricey. The portion was so-so, they forgot to add the meat with my bibimbop!
3	We discovered this place a few months back on our way to the Boba shop next door. Since we have been starving the whole day, we decided to check the place out.The atmosphere is very relaxing, clean, and not cramped. It looks new on the inside and also very inviting. Our first (and second) trip to the place we ordered the AYCE special on the menu. The selection of items to choose from was pretty long so there was something to satisfy everyone. I also liked the idea of food being cooked at a grill infront of you. This became one our favorite places to go for Korean food.Our last trip to the place was heartbreaking. The AYCE special was gone from the menu and so was $75 from my pocket (the price of our dinner for two people)... minus 1 star for me.The food is still great, however, and the servers are always there when you need them (based on our visits). I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Korean food off the strip.
2	Okay so right now its Sunday morning and for a good hour, Ive been driving around town trying to find something decent to eat for lunch. I had a craving for Korean food and after going to my usual places, I realized Koreans don't like to be open for business on a Sunday. =(Out of last resort, I decided to go to Mothers Grill located right in the heart of the main Chinatown plaza. Ive known about this place for over 3 years now, but never bothered trying to go there because many people have told me it was very expensive. What made me decide to dine was the big banner they had in front saying there was a tofu soup special. I figured it was lunch time, therefore, the price had to be a little bit more decent. What do you know, I was wrong.. again.. like always.Upon walking in, needless to say, the restaurant was gorgeous. It was very spacious with 3 different dining sections. It was clean, with paintings along the walls, fake plants here and there throughout the tables and even candles against the glass windows. They also played old school hits, such as Rhythm of the Rain and Fever. The place almost looked like an aristocratic home in the late 50s where your grandma and her 10 helpers and like 4 butlers would cook and serve dinner for a ball or something. It was cozy, elegant and even had a fire place in one of the sections where I was dining. However, right off the bat, you could tell, their main goal here was to attract more American customers and tourist visiting Chinatown than the local Asians. As far as the menu, the food here was very expensive. I'm talking about the cheapest thing was around $15, and from there it went up as you ordered Korean BBQ. Even with their lunch specials, their typical tofu soup was $10.95, bolgogi was $15, and for a combo, was like $24...And that was supposed to be their specials.I ordered the seafood tofu soup. When it came out, I was very disappointed. There were no mussels in my soup like the picture. It came out not filled to the brim, and all I got for seafood was 1 shrimp, and 2 clams. I'm dead serious. The only good thing about my meal was the 4 side dishes that they gave me which were pretty decent amount. However, it was still kimchi, seaweed, cabbage and sweeten potatoes. For that price, I could have easily gotten more at a different Korean restaurant. Their soup was very bland, it did not taste rich or deep in flavors at all. In my opinion, they put way too much tofu and not enough broth. I couldn't even finish my rice because there was too much tofu and the rice would've made it literally mushed. Their spicy level was like a 1, even though I told my waitress to make it extra spicy. I can only assume because Mother's Grill is located in Chinatown, which is why their store was so pricey. I would not recommend this place to go eat, even if you have a special occasion. Unless you want to impress your guests with looks more than quality and money was not a problem.. than it could be ideal for special occasions. But that's really all up to you. Otherwise, the other Korean restaurants off of Chinatown plaza would be more ideal if you eat it on a regular basis.
2	I have a curse- when visitors come to Vegas somehow they insist on going somehow to a place where I haven't had favorable experiences at.  I didn't want to fight with my stepdad today so off we went.We ordered saeu gui ($19.95), dak bulgogi ($19.95), yetnal bulgogi ($23.95), chap chae ($19.95). The saeu gui was so plain- the tiger shrimp was just thrown onto a grill with onions. They served a sauce which was sesame and sweet vinegar for it, but it was just alright. The dak bulgogi had decent chicken and the yetnal bulgogi had decent quality beef, but it wasn't marinated enough....it just had a hint of the marinate flavor that the menu described so it need to sit moreThe chap chae was good, but standard. The portions were decent, but isn't really good value. It's doubly more expensive than Im used to paying and the taste is not any better for the up in price. We were given a good number of banchan and all were nice quality, fresh and homemade.  Service was the huge issue with the last visit. It was so bad and discriminatory that it was ridiculous. This morning, the owner was there and I didn't see the terrible service lady there. We received pretty decent service this time around. For the price, I don't know if I'd go here again. It's good food, but pricey for what it is.  $100 for a lunch is a bit much for BBQ that can be done easily at home. When I eat Korean in Vegas, it's normally items that take time to make. Between my two experiences (a one star and a three star), two stars average it out.
4	Food was very good here. Service was very nice. We did the table top grill with the variety of marinated meats. We also ordered the seafood pancake and rice cakes which I highly recommend ordering. Best Korean I've had in Vegas thus far.
5	By far the best Korean restaurant in Las Vegas!  If you don't believe me just watch the first episode of season 2 of "The Great Food Truck Race" on the Food Network.  When one of the food trucks needs to get their hands on the best Kimchi in Vegas, where do they turn?  Mothers!Besides their spicy pork (which is phenomenal!) I would also recommend their haemul pajeon (seafood pancake) and their seafood soondubuchigae (spicy soft tofu stew).The only improvement I might add would be to put in some charcoal grills for us old school Korean BBQ'ers.  Besides that, I will probably not be going to any other Korean restaurants in Vegas in Mother's price category - I would just be wasting my money on lesser quality food.
5	the best Korean "tasting" BBQ in Vegas vS.  1. Mother's Grill  2. Dae Jang Keum Korean BBQ  3. Korean Garden BBQ  4. Honey Pig  5. Shilla Korean BBQnot to mistake this place with the best in atmosphere, ventillation, service, etc...  and here's why:LAYOUTMother's Grill is spacious, clean and the decor is satisfying.^^  you'll find the typical wooden tables, booths and ventillation fans above grills throughout the restaurant.  the seating is comfortable anywhere you sit and there are private rooms in the back for large parties.the only CON i can think of is the ventillation can be poor.?  i think this is a common problem if you do a BBQ indoors (you leave smelling greasy), but Dae Jang Keum Korean BBQ actually doesnt suffer from it.SERVICEis prompt and the servers attentive to cooking your food and your needs.  this is probably because i've never seen Mother's Grill packed at any time of the day (2pm OR 2am).   tho, i don't think being "crowded" detracts from "tasty" food anyways...  in retrospect, i think the fact that it stays open late (2am) and is not crowded is a win-win situation for getting the delicious foods to you.^^special note: Mother's offers a discount to Military personal.  i think it's around 15%.^^FOODMother's Grill has, IMHO, the best tasting meat dishes when you are looking for Korean BBQ.   i've always found their meats WELL marinated as opposed to many of the above mentioned restaurants.   additionally, their serving of SALAD is excellant and flavorful...  i don't know why some places don't understand how tasty meat dishes are when they are wrapped in savory salads.i've never had anything else off the menu besides the BBQ meats so i can't really justify a 5-star rating...  but we're talking Korean BBQ here.^^PRICINGi must admit, for how uncrowded this place can be, Mother's Grill is a TAD pricier then normal by $2-$3 vS. other establishements.    i personally don't mind...  i know i'm paying for a VERY good meal.^^CLOSINGunderrated and overlooked...  i am dumb-founded as to why i'm not waiting in line to eat here everytime i go.   but if you want to understand just how good Mother's Grill is, then try ordering the Short Ribs in special sauce (a basic dish every Korean BBQ has)...  then eat it with their salad.   after this, goto any other Korean BBQ and repeat.   i think you'll understand what i'm saying then.^^Recommendation:1. all their BBQ meats - especially their Short Ribs.!2. setup a conveyor belt for the Salad - cause it's FREE.!!AVOID ordering the BBQ shrimp.  you're buying 8 shrimps for $24 if i recall correctly.   not that it's not good - it's just dumb.^^
2	I was excited to try this place because it's one of the very few Korean restaurants I HADN'T tried in Vegas... plus some of the yelp reviews and pictures seemed promising. I went for Chuseok (Korean Thanksgiving and Moon Day), excited to eat a hearty Korean meal. I enjoy and appreciate variety on the table... I never turn down the option of ordering an appetizer or two, and love to split/share entrees. If we were to do this... we would've spent a fortune. I searched for the lunch specials and traditional stews were $9.95 and higher. These prices are standard dinner prices... so I was very disappointed in the menu. No real appetizer menu (dumplings, Korean-style pancake that's NOT $15!, etc..), my favorite stews regular price are $12.95+... these are not the norm for Korean food at all... the only dishes I can understand being more expensive than what people are used to are the table BBQ options. I told my boyfriend that if the stew is phenomenal, I will stop complaining about the prices. Unfortunately, it really wasn't :-/. The soon tofu jjigae (ordered to be as spicy as humanly possible) was pretty mild and not of great flavor... certainly not what I'm used to in NYC or LA. I will continue to go to Tofu Hut or DJK for this dish. The Dolsot Bibimbap was pretty typical.. and only 3 side dishes!! I take pride in Korean culture and restaurants offering such great, abundant variety of unlimited side dishes! It was lunchtime; however, still way too limited on variety and not generous with portions. On a brighter note, good location on Spring Mountain.. service was friendly, polite, and attentive... and if you're NOT Korean, there's a good chance you will love the food :)
3	Nice ambiance and deco. As an Asian and Korean food veteran I would say the food here is not so special. I ordered bibimbap and not quite impressed.However it has lots of parking space for the restaurant and it is convenience. I would say Mother's Korean Grill is not too bad. However I would recommend other restaurant like DJK etc.
5	It's the best Korean BBQ restaurant in the whole entire world!
2	Located in Chinatown, its pretty obvious this place goes after the tourists. Just how much really surprised me...The place has a very sleek design and was overall very clean. We came in with a group of 6 on a weekday afternoon and were seated promptly.. not a lot of people in the restaurant. The  main reason we came was because someone wanted bibimbap and this was the closest place so we all said heck why not. However, after one look at the menu, we all noticed how overpriced everything was. I don't exactly remember the price of the bibimbap but it was enough to make me gawk. The rest of us ordered galbi which was tasty.. but the portions did not match the price. Their banchan however included a wide variety and were quite tasty. Service was alright. Overall, might want to avoid this place if you're looking for korean food. I know there are a lot more other korean restaurants around Las Vegas that serve up the same food for a cheaper price however if you are stuck in Chinatown, then this is the place to go.
5	It doesn't get much better than grilling razor thin-sliced marinated meat while you shovel non-stop banchan down your pie hole.  Mothers Korean Grill is the definition of high-class, lavish Asian cuisine, and for those of you looking for the ultimate food experience, look no further.The restaurant is clean to the point of operating room-sterility, with a modern and fresh atmosphere.  With open space to spare, claustrophobics flock to a place like this.  The staff is subservient to the point of Philippino megamall department store clerks and there is no inkling of doubt that the customer is their #1 focus.  It's easy to see the owner has taken great measures to ensure her team works together to provide best-in-class service.Galbi, Bulgogi, Joomurlk, Japchae, you name it, this place wont let you down with it's options.  High-class, lavish, flavorful, clean, subservient, fun.  GO HERE NOW!!!!Pete T.San Diego
3	Ended up here on saturday bc we wanted to go to Ranch 99 but were starving and i was craving korean bbq.  The place is  nicely decorated and the staff is very friendly. We ordered the Bulgogi and the seafood soup.  The seafood soup  had all kinds of seafood, crab, giant shrimp, squid, etc. It was very tender, flavorful, and spicy.   The waiter informed us that  bc we are only ordering one grilled dish  that they cook it in the kitchen.  That was fine with us less work and  the food was cooked better than i could have.   The Bulgogi was  super yummy and i loved all the side dishes that it came with.  Shockingly  my favorite was the  fish cake, normally i am not a fan.  But we couldnt stop eating it.   Mother's is expensive for  korean bbq but the bulgogi was super yummy and i would come back again for it.
4	I kinda wanted to come to this place a bit ago, but all the reviews on the price being high kinda pushed me away. But, just like Misti, I bought a Yelp Deal that takes the sting out of the prices. The place is nice, and the service was good. Our waiter was really cool about letting us know what everything was, what it should taste like, comparing it to other things... all that good stuff. He was a good dude. The rub of it is that though the service was top notch, I'm not sure the food was. See, I went there based on Misti's enthusiastic review of the eel. Let me tell you: the eel was really, REALLY good. I would go back there JUST based on the eel (if I had another Yelp deal). It costs something like $21, which is kinda steep. We also ordered the pork belly, which was around $25, and also pretty good. The portions, however, were not so generous. You get three slabs of it, which is probably good for two not-that-hungry people. I would return to this place with another Yelp deal. Without it, I'm not sure I could happily pay $56 + tip for the amount of food that I got. I didn't walk out uber stuffed like I sometimes do, but I wasn't mad about it, either.
3	Normally when looking for places to eat, I do not go to a place with Korean in the title. However, when the word grill is added, I automatically think BBQ and will try it. The only reason I ended up here was from an invite from Victor A. I am glad I went, even though I had already eaten a little bit before, I was still interested in trying some things. I ate some of the pork belly which was surprisingly good! It was probably my favorite thing out of everything I tried. Those I was with were salivating over the eel, but that was way to exotic for me. However, for those who do like it, apparently it was super good. I liked this dressing that we had. Apparently you were suppose to use it for the salad, or at least I think that is what your suppose to use it for, but I dipped my rice in it and it was super good! I want to know what that sauce/dressing was! I would eat that on salad everyday! A lot of the things I tasted were a bit too spicy for me. I did think the egg souffle we got was pretty tasty, but very slimy. It was a steamed egg, never seen that before so it was pretty cool. I really enjoyed the decor of the place. It was very "motherly" and beautiful. I probably would not go back unless invited again, because it is pretty expensive, but I was very appreciative of being invited this time because I can now say I tried it! :) I also was slightly embarrassed because me and chopsticks do not coordinate well. I was trying the whole time to use them because I did not want to be the lame one using a fork, so I learned a little bit, but still not an expert, not even close. In my defense it was a lot harder to use because they were metal chopsticks.Try this place with the Yelp Deal! Never hurts to try!
1	**Summary**       - Language Barrier - I ordered Kalbi to cook at my table. They waitress then asks me if I'd like to cook it at the table. I say yes, and they bring it out precooked 10 minutes later. Does yes mean something else at this place?       - Price - Their soup was about $3 more expensive and not as good as other places. Kalbi was way overpriced for the amount that was given. Other places can charge $30, but they give you enough to feed a family, not two ribs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/A7jbtXYFAZhErOW7xIQinA?select=RwOwE1oYriUilsINL9YFyw).       - Portions - Their portions are tiny and will leave you hungry and unsatisfied. I had to go grab a Wendy's Baconator after the dinner.       - Flavor - We ordered two easy Korean dishes to test out the quality of the place. The soup was too salty, but the Kalbi was ok. I've never seen a place screw up Kalbi though.       - Yelp Deal - I can see why they have to offer a 50% off. With prices/portions like those, it's a wonder they are still in business.       - Extraneous charges - They charge $2 for extra rice and $3 for a can of soda. This tells me the business model they are based on.**Ordered**       - $29.95 Yangnyeom Galbi (Marinated Short Rib) - Flavor was good, but then again, you can't screw up Kalbi Ribs. You got two pieces of rib for 30 bucks. I could of gotten a buffet for that much (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/A7jbtXYFAZhErOW7xIQinA?select=zN1dqICqY41rXst-kftKAQ).       - $10.95 Kimchi Jjigae (Kimchi Soup) - Soup was too salty and it didn't come with an egg. Usually they crack a raw egg into this dish when they serve it to you.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place. There are tons of other Korean restaurants that give you more food at a reasonable price.
1	Positive: Restaurant is clean, no fume from cooking.Negatives:1. Waitress has very limited English. You order food and she brings it. It is impossible to tell her what you want.2. I ordered bibimbap. The beef was chewy and half cooked. I had to spit it out. A nearby Korean restaurant's bibimbap's beef tasted juicy and cooked. The price there is even $3.00 cheaper.3. The restaurant slapped 20% tip automatically. They do have the gall!4. This outfit charges $12 plus 20% tip for bibimbap, Others charge $9. And the others have the same or better quality.I will never go to this eatery again.
1	This place is located in China Town of Las Vegas. The food here taste no different than a regular Korean restaurant. I paid $20 for Korean Beef and I was at least expecting that it would make me full but the dish was so small I would of have to order two more dish to be full. I also tried cooking ribs for myself and it cost $30 and they only give you two ribs that are the size of a small candy bar. They force you to pay 20% tip for their poor services too. Overall, this place is horrible and it's only to lure tourist in. If I were to go back to my own city, San Francisco, this lunch would of cost me less than $10 per person. My family of 4 spent $120 on lunch here and would of spent $30 at home. The price difference and the amount of food they give out is not fair. Horrible mistake to eat here.
1	The food is OK but the provided service is substandard at best.First it takes the server long time to even pay attention to us. But it's around the holiday so we just wait and hope for the best. Then she brings us the waters but piles them up in one corner. We have to distribute them ourselves. This is not the worst part. When she brings the food in, she puts her thumb in the dishes that feels kind of gross. We try to complain to the front desk and indicates we are going to put in bad review. The cashier don't even ask what the complaint is and don't even care if the review is bad. To make matter worse, they automatically put in 20% tip because it's holiday season and we can't even show our un-satisfaction.This experience spoils our otherwise perfect holiday. I will never go back there.
4	Finished up a trade show in Vegas and was looking for a Korean BBQ. Customers suggested Mother's and it was great. There was a group of 6 of us (two Korean BBQ newbies) so we hit all the staples as well as some "others". By others I mean the tongue and it was amazing. Will definately be going back later this summer when another trade show comes calling.
1	horrible and expensive restaurant! So i came here two weeks ago during the ces convention, place was packed and upon walking in two servers saw us didnt say a thing we had to wait for a long time to tell them we are a table of three! Everytime we try to, they either go away or shake their head and say :not now... wtf? who says not now to a customer! So when i finally told them they said 10 minutes. Well, another table of 4 came in after us and told the manager they needed a table, the manager saw us waiting and didnt care, gave the next available table to the table of 4. I was mad and told him we have been waiting here first, he refused to say anything and said no, they told me first but then my bf had to step in and say we told 3 servers we needed a table and these men just got in! The manager gave up and said something (probably swear word) in korean and just pointed at the empty table and walked away. So we sit down wait another 5 minutes, no water no menu no nothing, once again i waived servers down only to have them say "not now" or wave their fingers now. Finally a nice server gave us menus and when i saw how they dont have all you can eat anymore, that was the breaking pt! I called earlier and this bad english lady said yes, we have all you can eat come now come now... The plate price was ridiculous expensive and the plate are not enough for even 2 people! at $60 i dont think so! walked out happy and went down the street to sura, a great buffet with a cute hostess!never coming back and i hope the manager gets yelled at by customers like me who do not like their bad service!
4	It is quite surprising to see this Korean restaurant in Chinatown. My initial idea was to eat Chinese food, and all Chinese restaurants were full of Chinese, who are enjoying the Lunar New year. We just passed this eatery, and decided to walk in. We ordered some beef and tofu noodle soup, and the food was tasteful and it was a bit pricey.
3	Went here on a late sat night (11pm) and a few of us were in the mood for korean bbq. We decided to check out a place away from the strip, since one in our group said it was good.  We arrived and there was noone dining, but the sign said "open". So we walked in and was immediately greeted and we took our seat. We noticed how spacious it was and being open 'til 2am, wondered why there weren't anyone eating.So everything on the menu looked pretty good. We ordered the brisket, beef tongue, bulgogi and spare ribs. The brisket and beef tongue we cooked at our table and the ribs and bulgogi were cooked in the kitchen and brought out to us. The spare ribs were my favorite followed by the brisket. All the food was really good, maybe cuz we were starving, but the side dishes and the order of steamed egg soup were tasty too.Service was really friendly and attentive for us since we were the only ones dining. The prices are pretty expensive but not ridiculous. Food portions were ok for the price. If you're starving and want to eat tons within budget, this may not be the place.With tax and tip, it came out to about $35each.I'd prob come back again. Had a good first experience here and the food was satisfying. As we left the empty restaurant a couple walked up to dine, i'm sure they had good service as well.
1	This place is expensive, and the food is just average.  Me and my gf spend over $45 and we both felt hungry after eating there.
2	Came here and loved the name. It should be really good food. It was ok. It's hard for me to find a Korean place to love when I have so many in the city so I might be biased. Ordered the seafood tofu soup (looks nothing like the pictures on the menu) and got a bibimbap for my mom. The assortment of ban chan was pitiful compared to a lot of restaurants in San Francisco. It came with four dishes and it wasn't too tasty.The soup was really good, but it had more tofu than seafood... Wish there was more seafood for sure! My mom's bibimbap was good to her. She didn't care too much for it though. The portion size wasn't really worth what they charged. Not on my list for Vegas visits.
5	It's a shame to see so much of traditional Korean food being boggled down by all the AYCE offers these days. Mother's has no AYCE, and quite frankly I hope they don't include it. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE AYCE, but I'm starting to notice a trend where "Korean food" is equating to nothing more than "eat limitless B.B.Q." This is one of the few places to experience a traditional Korean dish. Before you shout, "No AYCE? Nevar!!", let me explain:When you walk in, the atmosphere is immediately different; cozy interior decorating, soft classical music playing in the background, and a overall relaxed feel. So much of Korean B.B.Q. these days have a fiery atmosphere with the clink and clank of soju shot glasses, Girls Generation songs blasting in the background, bickering and laughing everywhere. It was nice to see a change. In fact, it seems like the perfect venue to pitch a business idea, meet a relative, or bring a out-of-town friend and catch up on old times. The open grills have the ventilations installed so you don't have to worry about smelly B.B.Q. wafting around the room.On to the bigger question: how's the food? I had the kalbi naegnyum (cold buckwheat noodle) dish, and wow it blew me away. I'd say the naegnyum is better than Sandai's, which was my favorite prior to eating at Mother's. The kalbi is great, although the portion is pretty small. But to make up for it, the banchan at Mother's is second to none.Everything tastes so fresh and right at home. The portions for banchan is huge. Traditionally, this is the way Korean food should be served. I know banchan has taken a major backstep in the AYCE scene, heck, even I don't eat a lot of banchan when I'm at a AYCE. But Mother's is different. The banchan deserves more credit than it receives.It's hard to place where Mother's fits in the overly crowded Korean restaurants in Vegas. I'd say it's experiential dining. I mean for a Korean restaurant to be bold and just stick to the roots, it's hard to not give them five stars. This is as close as I felt to home. For small instances inside the restaurant I felt like I was back in Seoul, enjoying a ice-cold naegnyum dish at my grandma's restaurant.
5	UPDATE! I recently had my wedding rehearsal dinner here and was BLOWN AWAY by the time, care, and detail that went into our dinner. I'm from Louisiana, and when my hubby and I decided to get married in Vegas, there was no doubt in our minds where we would take everyone to eat: MOTHER'S! It was the best decision, and everyone LOVED it. Many of our guests are still raving about how good the food and service was.My maid of honor later told me that she requested champagne for our toasts, but as they are quite authentic and only serve Korean drinks, they did not have it, so the waiter INSISTED on sending a fellow staff member to the store to buy it! My MOH told them not to worry, but they insisted!! Now that is dedication to customer service!! The room was beautifully decorated and easily accommodated our party of 20 people. The servers were so friendly and made sure to explain each course with us (as we didn't order from the menu since we had a large party). The owner even came in to greet and welcome us!! Seriously, we were treated like family.FINALLY, The food... ooh the food!! DELICIOUS and super duper yummy!!! I honestly ate entirely too much, but I could not stop myself because it was so good. I loved sampling everything. I cannot wait to eat there again. Every single time we go to Vegas, we stop in at Mother's!!!
3	I came for a very late lunch / early dinner by myself. One of the sushi chefs at Goyemon said his mother was the chef here and that it was the best Korean food. I've been here several years ago and didn't think much of it then, so I thought I should give it another try. I think I am being generous when I give it 3 stars... It's closer to 2.5 stars. Kimchee is important to me and their kimchee wasn't very good. It wasn't quite ripe and too much fish/ shrimp sauce. (I am Korean and know how to make kimchee... )I ordered naeng myun in cold broth  - always refreshing on a hot day. It was okay- nothing too special. In Los Angeles the restaurants that serve this make the noodles with different grains so that you can actually taste the unique flavors. What I was disappointed about was their paltry side dishes- julienned radish, sweetened fried potato and the pancake and of course the kimchee. it was all just okay. I probably won't be coming back. It was the same a few years back. Maybe it's different for Kalbi - but lots of places to Kalbi well, I think...
4	Although I thought it a bit pricey, the whole experience was great! The meat was fantastic and the sides were great. We ordered a  squid dish medium spicy that was not spicy at all. Otherwise the meal was great. The server was awesome! Some of the best service I've had all year!! He was knowledgable, patient, helpful, and kept up with all out wants and needs!! No asking or flagging down required!! We will be going back :)!
3	I stopped in for a late lunch a couple of weeks ago and the place was empty.  Chalking it up to the time of day and since the decor was nice and clean I broke my typical rule of avoiding empty restaraunts and was very glad that I did.  The waitress was very attentive, helpful and quite nice.  I ordered the dolsot bibimbap and a Hite beer.  The bibimbap was pretty darn good and the beer was ice cold.  I found the banchan to be adequate and pretty good, however their Kimchee was excellent.  It was a bit pricey but I didn't feel ripped off.I will go back again.
1	Worst Korean food ever. Normally when we get soft tofu it comes out boiling but not here. It was just luke warm. There were only a few side dishes. But the table next to us (a few Koreans) had way more side dishes. Maybe if you are Korean you will get better food and service. Place sucks. Never going back. My family got sick after eating the soft tofu. It's just gross. No flavor in the soup. Ruined our night.
5	Went in around 10 pm on a Thursday night. We were greeted by and warm welcoming host/waiter. It was our first time there so we took a bit of time to look over the menu; Yet, our waiter was very patient, jolly, and helpful. I really like the clean and welcoming atmosphere of the restaurant  which you can clearly notice right away. There are plenty of comfortable seating and I really enjoyed the calm setting. If your looking for a place to throw a casual event dinner I would think this place would be a good candidate. I was a bit skeptical about the food since a lot of korean food I have had here is mediocre so far (lived here for 3 years); However, I was very impressed when our order arrived.  Our food was deliciously prepared and tasted so fresh! All the dishes were very pleasing to the eye. I love how they use just enough amount of oil in their dishes so it's not a pool of oil in the soups. We also ordered hot stone rice with mixed veggies. Our waiter was sweet enough to help mix and serve the dish graciously. To end our experience at the restaurant we were given  small wrapped boxes of belgium chocolate bonbons to celebrate the holidays. I thought that was a very sweet gesture. Thank you Mother's Korean Grill :)
1	This place does not deserve even 1 star! Don't ever go here!! We are a party of 9, they could not accommodate us w/seating together w/the grill. So we sat at 2 separate tables! Keep my review short...the bill came out w/gratuity INCLUDED of $60!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF?! On top of that, service was horrible! They only gave us 5 side dishes! Very little meat! Urgh!!! I never minded paying hundreds for our meal but our bill of $397 was sooooo NOT worth it!
1	The food is ok, the service is horrible.   Our server walked away from our table mid sentence of my fiance placing his order - to seat a party that walked in.  She came back a few minutes later, oblivious to what just happened, and took our order for the 2nd time.  We decided cook our meat at our table - pork and chicken BBQ.  A whole mess of cross-contamination occurred with her using only 1 tongs for both raw chicken and pork, then using the same tongs to transfer the cooked food onto our plates.  I should have said something, but I didn't.  Luckily, neither my fiance or I got sick.  After eating, we waited for the longest time for our check... we wanted to see how long it took our server to notice how long we've been done eating to come up to our table.  The whole time, she was chatting it up with co-workers.  We finally flagged her down and asked for the check.  I think she sensed the frustration because she came back with a gift for me - hand cream.  "A present for you - happy new year!"  she said.  Nice gesture, but we definitely won't be coming back... ever.
4	Very attentive service and deliciously tender beef.  We loved the Hibachi grill at our table positioned so that all 4 of us could cook to our own tastes.   Excellent selection of sides and condiments, too
4	Best Korean food I have had in Vegas.
3	Food was good as well as service, but I think there are much better Korean Grills in town.
5	We live in Las Vegas, and this is our go-to place for Korean food.  My wife is Korean, and this is her favorite Vegas Korean restaurant so far.  Service is great and the food is truly authentic Korean... and it tastes fantastic.
2	I tried Mother's for the first time eventhough my go to spot in Vegas is Korean Garden BBQ House.  I don't think I've ever paid so much for one plate of kalbi before ($32)we probably would've been better off going somewhere else and doing all you can eat for $17 a person. The meat was super oily and fatty. My bf ordered the rice cake dumpling soup and it was luke warm and the broth tasted like murky rice water. This place is nothing to get excited about. Next time I'll never cheat on my go to Korean bbq spot....lesson learned! I wouldve given this place 1 star, but the restaurant was clean and that's pretty important to me.Thanks for reading!
2	I went here with a friend on Friday night to get our Korean fix. Now both of us are Korean and we are super picky about how food tastes and it is super hard to find a korean restaurant that meets our standards. We both had the dolsotbibimbap (rice with mixed veggies on a hot stone plate) and it was ok. It's definitely not something special and for the price, you can get the same thing at other korean restaurants for about $5 cheaper so for the price and the service, which wasn't all that great, I don't think I'll be going back again.
5	24 hour joints get 5 stars from me just because they are awesome enough to operate all day and  serve all creatures of life.
3	Came here because I didn't want to eat on the strip. This place is pretty cute, makes you feel more at home than at a restaurant, but their food was OK.
3	Very disappointed about this place. The food was just ok. Service was too slow way to slow to be the only ones in the restaurant during late lunch time. The waitress spoke very little English, I don't really care if they are fluent enough to hold a conversation but I had to repeat 4 times I wanted a coke, well she never got it and I never got my coke :( the place has a nice decor and is very clean.
3	I was tired and a little sick from the drive, so I wanted something not warm and soupy. I decided to order the RICE CAKE SOUP that included sliced rice cakes, dumplings, portions of beef (?), all mixed together in a broth (not sure what kind of broth they used). The RICE CAKE SOUP was alright. I really wished there was more flavor to it, but the portion was a lot and I couldn't finish it all (they really filled that broth up with the ingredients). The rice cakes were the perfect, chewy texture - not too thick or thin. The dumplings were well-made although I had to eat them fast because the dumplings wraps kept tearing easily. In the end, I probably wouldn't order the RICE CAKE SOUP again. My sister has made it before and she did tell me it's not suppose to have a lot of flavor, that it's suppose to have a mild taste to it, but I prefer her homemade soup to this one. The restaurant service was pretty good. We received our side dishes; we had to get their attention quite a bit to ask them to refill some side dishes though. They also supplied us with water (we had a water bottle off on the side, but they refilled that too when it was empty). The only thing I definitely would not purchase would be the kalbi, because that is expensive!!! I recommend sticking to your broth soups, tofu soups, and bibimbaps or something along those lines unless you're willing to dish out the money.
4	3.5 starsThe food is good but my only really horrible gripe is the noodle soup lunch special. $8.50 FOR NOODLES,SALTY SOUP AND 1 PIECE OF POTATO REALLY!!!
1	Worst service ever. The waitress was rude during the entire time we were in the restaurant. My gf and I order few items on the menu including beef , chicken and pork.  The beef was pretty good. But the chicken was not good. So we couldn't finish it. Then we were about to leave, the waitress told was they were gonna charge us extra because we didn't finish our food( I was like wtf!??!?!) . I told her first you never told us. Second the chicken dish wasn't good.  Talked to the owner she apologized and didn't charge us extra.  But it was too late for that plus it was my gf bday. I own a restaurant too. This is not how customer service supposed to be. We left without any tip and leaving this review right away lol!
3	Do not come here if you want service! They have two older waitress and they can't handle the business. I waited twenty minutes to just get my rice. The wait is so long and you start becoming frustrated. The food is ok, but please, hire more people!!!
1	They advertise lunch special but they don't offer it everyday, they will still put out the lunch special sign outside of the restaurant. Bad service from waitress, promise to give my friend more meat since he doesn't want any vegetable on a dish but still come out the same as normal.
1	Make it simple, this restaurant try to rip customers off.  $17.99 big banner hang outside the restaurant but when we get in, no one give us any water or anything beside REGULAR menu, until we ask, a guy brought us a "All you can menu". Price? of course it's different, $22.95 or $27.95 all you can eat.Me and my wife were starving but they serve everything so slow, the grill, never hot and they just dumped the raw meat in there.  I keep turn high heat on the grill but all servers when they approached my table, they turn it down with no reason.Third round I ordered some pork belly & pork ribs, end up they served me a huge pork chop at least 1 & 1/2" thick, I cut a piece and cook it myself(which I always want to cook it myself, but servers keep come bother us and said they cooked for us).  The next moment totally piss me off - an old Korean waitress, came and said there were people waiting for tables (actually no-one were), we have to cook the whole piece, we can't cook little by little and mentioned that there is a time limit for "all you can it".  I asked here when we started, she didn't answer and walk away, moments later she came back and said we've another 1/2 hr, I told her to tell all waitress stop approaching my table and let me finish my dinner.  I asked for at least 5 times for my check but no one give it to me, probably they want to wait until I finish everything on the table, if not, they can charged my left over.  Too bad I ate it all.  There were groups of other customers came before us but they even left behind us.My conclusion, they want you pay full price and eat half, maximize their profit.  They turned down the fire so customers spend more time on cooking.  If you order more than 2 rounds, they will find excuses to kick you off.  I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT AGAIN AND WILL NEVER RECOMMAND TO ANYONE.
2	We were debating between this place and SURA.  I have to say that the price is comparable (I think SURA is a few dollars more for AYCE) but the service at Mother's is horrible.  I had to ask for more side dishes 3 times and our waitress never brought them.  She was also very pushy and kept asking if it was the "last dish" we ordered.  We were a party of two and did not order much but she was a horrible waitress.  Service was 1 star.  Food was 3 stars. I would recommend Korean Garden BBQ or SURA.
1	The reason I give this restaurant only 1 star is because the service is really bad and the food is kinda bland. I've had much tastier Korean food before, this place is really nothing special. We came in and waited at the front counter for about 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us, when they finally did thy said it would be another 5 minutes, that turned into about another 15 minutes so after about a half an hour wait for a table, even though the place wasn't crowded AT ALL, we were finally seated. Then our waitress didn't speak very good English so we totally didn't understand her when she was trying to tell us that the orders were all you can eat, so we only ended up getting a small portion of food. After she gave us our food we didn't see her at all again until we asked for the check, she never came over to see how we were doing, never refilled our drinks, never brought more side dishes, never asked if we would like more (since it was all you can eat). If we were asian I'm sure we would have gotten much better service since all the tables that were occupied by Asians were getting extremely good service. They also did not clean up or clear off the table next to us the entire time we were there. We sat next to a dirty cluttered table full of dirty dishes the whole time. Then we figured the bill would be about 50 bucks considering what we ordered and the prices on the menu, we then get the bill and its 70 dollars!!! We didn't really understand what the extra charges were for, but we payed the bill anyway cause we didn't want to have to argue and we're tired. This place is a ripoff when they refuse to serve you properly and can't explain to you that it's all you can and especially when they don't tend to your table the way they should.
1	Wow, Sh*thole and a half!On Wednesday night, a few of us couples headed on over to this place for a date night meal.  When we walked in, we were seated right away, however it's summer in Vegas and even before they turned on our grill it was scorching hot in there.  A waitress comes over and we start to order, after placing two orders of five, all of a sudden without warning or a word said, the waitress just walks away from our table.  WTF???Then, another waitress walks over and we tell her what just happens and she says, "Oh, she's new."  As if that somehow excuses that sort of behavior.  Then, she proceeds to take our order and tells us, even though there are five of us, we can only order two items at a time.  Bullsh&t.  The menu said four items at a time and I quickly told her, "Nope, sorry, two isn't enough...we want four like the menu says." At which time she says ok and proceeds to take our order.Then, when she comes back with our drinks, all of a sudden, the two drinks we had previously ordered from the runaway waitress appear.  She's confused, we're confused...it's all confusing.Then the food starts coming out.  The first round we ordered was great and we proceed to enjoy that round.  However, on the second round of meat we ordered, we ordered pork, but it should've been called pork fat, because that's all it was, fat.  How they even had the face to serve such a mess, I'll never know.  We ended up leaving it there, because it was inedible.  During the second round of meat we also ordered a refill of salad and of the pancakes.  The salad never came even though we asked for it two additional times.  And for the pancakes, though they are open supposedly until 2am, at 9:30pm they ran out.The bill came and it was approx. $40 a person with tax and drinks.  I have never been to a restaurant with such poor service and attention to detail.  Eating out is supposed to be a pleasure and an opportunity to relax and enjoy, not a hassle like our experience here was.  There are a ton of other Korean BBQ's in Vegas and I definitely do NOT recommend this one.
4	soondubu and dol sot bap, cant go wrong.
3	We got the $22 AYCE and it was decent. The server had problems understanding our orders though, we had to tell her a few times. For the $22 you can only order the first 2 items once. I say go to Tofu Hut.
1	This place has gone downhill.  We've been here several times before over the past few years and had solid 3 star experiences.  Today's experience will most certainly be our last.We came in for a late lunch around 2pm.  The waitress sat us at a table near the only other patrons at the restaurant, a table with a mother/daughter and another with 2 men.  She asked us to move our baby stroller behind our chair, rendering it useless because our infant is too small to sit in a highchair.  We had it pulled up along side the table and it wasn't causing any kind of obstruction.  There was plenty of space!  I don't know why she was giving us a hard time.  Whatever.  We moved it and my husband held our baby.Next, she asks if I'm Korean, which I'm not, and her smile quickly turns upside down.  Geez, sorry to disappoint you, lady.Service was painfully slow and pathetic being that there were only 3 tables and 2 waitresses.  It took forever for the waitress just to bring us water.  They usually serve banchan right away to snack on.  Not this time.  It wasn't until our lunch came that she brought the banchan with it.  We both ordered dolsot bibimbap, one of our fave Korean comfort foods we've had here many times before and regularly in NYC's Koreatown.  We don't mind the hefty price tag of $15.95 for a bowl of beef and vegetables over rice.  Korean food, like Indian food, is always a bit pricey in our foodie experiences.  But what they served us today was the saddest, skimpiest dolsot bibimbap we've ever seen.  There was barely anything in it!  I mean trace amounts of beef and vegetables.  I wish I had taken a picture of it but it was a late lunch and we were so hungry.  $15.95 for this?!  It should have been more like $2.95!The waitress's grimace when I told her I was not Korean made my husband and I wonder over our lunch if our experience would have been better if I was.The 2 men who sat across from us were brave enough to tell the waitress that the food presented to them didn't look anything like the picture posted outside of the restaurant and walked out!  I don't know if I could ever do that, but good for them!By then we were the only patrons left and never saw our waitress until my husband walked out of the restaurant to start the A/C in the car for baby and she hurried over with the check and asked for the first time if we would like some more water.  Too late, lady!  We're ready to end this disappointing and overpriced lunch.I don't recommend this place anymore and don't plan on ever returning.  They totally bombed on service, food, and value.  You get this feeling like they just don't care!  About anything!  Wish I had noticed the recent negative Yelp reviews and tips before coming.  Time to look for a better Korean restaurant on Yelp!
5	After eating here on a Wednesday night, I have to say that Mother's Korean Grill is a perfect place for an everyday meal with a date, family or friends.  The Bibimbap was mixed to perfection.  Amazing decor that made me feel at home and the Korean news definitely made my day!  All foodies must experience, Mother's Korean Grill!
5	This is another Gem, the restaurant is open all night. Nice place to sit and have some Korean BBQ. They have sides of various condiments, Kimchi and other pickles. Meats are from rib eye, to brisket and every thing in between. Moderately priced and service is very good. Extremely clean restaurant. If you are in Las Vegas and late night, please do not go hungry you can have a all night feast.
3	The chicken bulgolgi was delicious! The serving size was decent as it looked like it can serve another extra person if you weren't eating alone. If you order the chicken bulgolgi, it will come with sides and a cup of rice. The service was great and nice. The price is a bit high as my bill came up to $25 including tax and tip. Maybe I am use to the lunch specials around Chinatown...
3	It's OK. The prices were a little high for lunch. I wouldn't have minded as much if the food had that "wow" factor. But it didn't. Still a good place to eat though.
5	Great service from our waitress and delicious food! We had the premium BBQ all you can eat and spicy tofu soup. The waitress was kind and helpful. Unfortunately I forgot her name due to the numerous sake bombs we had. I felt bad for her because she had to accommodate us with a party of 12 all by herself and she was still able to provide us with superb service! Thanks again for the wonderful food and service! We will be back again, soon hopefully!
4	So I've been here twice and it is good food.We had the all you can eat BBQ lunch one day and dinner another (I think I had dolsot bibimbap and some soup, it was a while ago).Traditional Korean foods, very yummy.  Maybe a little on the pricey side-- no difference between lunch prices and dinner prices.  Service is ok, nothing glaringly wrong, but nothing spectacular either.  I wish I could give half star ratings because I'd put it at a 3.5, but I rounded up because the food is tasty.
4	Really enjoyed the bimibab and the squid in spicy sauce. Staff was prompt and courteous,  and the prices were reasonable.
2	I used to love coming to this restaurant when I was younger.  I haven't been back in a few years so I thought it was time to go back.  I'm not so sure that I'll be back after this visit.First off, the ban chan or appetizers came after our bul go gi was brought out.  The waitress just threw our bul go gi on the table. When I asked her about the sides she just walked away.  The hostess was very sweet and apologized for the missing appetizers.  The bul go gi and chicken bul go gi was as good as I remembered but when it came time for the bill, I found that they had already added a 20% tip for just 2 people!  That's ridiculous.  They weren't that great to be including the tip into my bill for me.  Sad to say but I'm not sure if I'll go back.  Just head up to Sura where it's all you can eat.
1	BAD Service.   They kicked us off the table cause the got busy.  What the!  Sane happened to the party next to us. Apart from that food was OK.  Waiter told the party next is that they ordered to much...  Lol why can't they order all they want?
1	So disappointed, even though the food was good,  we ordered bolgabi and Kalbi, nothing else and our bill was $66.00. Totally blown away, and this was for lunch!  Outside they advertise all you can eat and lunch specials for $8.95.  Be careful of the false advertisement. Never been gouged so badly for lunch for two. Sorry for the misspelling.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE.Waited for 10 minutes for someone to even come to the table. When we left, people who were seated after us had been served.
5	We came here for lunch with family before we made the drive back to CA. The service was excellent! They were super friendly and very helpful.  The food was very good, the sides were fresh and the quality of the meat was really good. We would definitely visit again!
2	We came from Los Angeles to play golf in Vegas.One of our friends recommended this restaurant. We went on a Tuesday night and it was a disappointment. The two of us order the seafood pancake - it was not very tasteful and it has mostly squid and maybe a couple of tiny shrimps. We also ordered the barbecue short rib,which was okay but at $35, extremely pricey. Even an average Korean BBQ place in Los Angeles has much better and cheaper price than the Mother's Korean.
4	My wife and I ate here over the weekend. We had a great experience with the food, and the service. The hostess was very cordial, and our server was friendly and helped us decide on what to order. We got a spicy chicken dish that was delicious, and plentiful.
1	PLEASE READ-DIRTY &UNSANITARY PLACE!My husband&I found this place a couple of months ago when we were looking to try something new.since my husband loves meat, we went for the korean bbq.The first time we dined there, I wasn't really impressed with the food quality..all i was having where the side dishes..but it was a new experience so I was excited that I put korean bbq on my list of "tried cuisines".After a couple of months, we gave this place another try-unfortunately the experience wasn't better..service is horrible, food quality less than mediocre, not enough flavour..During our  second visit to this place, we found this tofu soup that we liked..it was spicy, soft and warm so after that, my husband would have lunch there just for the soup , also inviting his friends along.Yesterday, after an amazing day at the Red Rock Canyon, our friends told us that they would like to try something completely new, a dish they never had before..after a couple other ideas, they chose koreean bbq..so that's how we got back to this place /I should ve just tried another bbq place A LONG TIME AGO/.We sat at the table, were having a good time/because of the company, not the service/, tried the beef on the bbq and then asked for some chicken and brisket and refill on the lettuce salad..we got a refill alright-when the waitress brings the bowl with salad, I serve my friend first and then my husband, then I got some ..and as soon as I put the bowl on the table, I see a  moving COCKROACH IN MY FRIENDS PLATE!!!!! This is where the panic started, she took the plate, droped the insect on floor, I got scared. .felt like there were insects on the table, under the table, in the salad we had before, the meat we had..OMG...during all this commotion, I see a waiter coming asking what's going on..I was like..well, this cockroach that's on the floor now, was in the salad u just brought from the kitchen..he says ..oh no, no, they come from inside the grill..i saw one the other day on a wall, WHAAT? U SAW ONE BEFORE  in this restaurant and did nothing about it???? He was trying to make it better by assuring us  that the cockroach in the plate was not from the salad, but from the grill we cook the meat...HOW IS THIS BETTER? Then he starts to argue with us and just digging a dipper whole for himself and then asks"anyway, what can I do for u?"..implying the cost of the food..I was mortified. ..I didn't come here to scam u of your "delicious&precious" food..I came here to eat, drink, have fun with my friends&family and ended up blushing in front of everybody because I mentioned this place and oh..minor detail..UNWANTED INSECTS ON THE PLATE!! Do you really think that I am loocking for a discount?? My friend /in which we found the insect /was about to throw up and I took her outside during which my husband and the other friend were dealing with an incompetent owner saying that"oh, it's ok, it's nothing to worry about , in Korea this is normal, we eat cockroaches all the time in our food"..WHAAAT?? I don't mind other ppl eating "bizzare foods"...but I did not ask for a cockroach in my food.I called the Southern Nevada Health dept. and I hope that something will be done about this place ..as for my guests&I, we'r scared for a long time..it's going to take a while to get back on track.
2	They have a limit to their menu for the eat all you can. Which is BULL SHIT!! LOL. The lady was kinda mean. They told us how to cook our food. No no!!
5	The best Korean restaurant that I have tried in Vegas so far. Well, the best authentic Korean food. I've never tried their KBBQ. My favorite is the stone pot kimchi pork. I will never stop ordering that, ever. I've tried many different dishes (too many to list and remember), and I did not have a problem with any of them. All their food is seasoned well, and korean food is all about seasoning. They sometimes can be borderline salty, but I'd rather have it that way than to have my food bland. One of the things I look forward to when I go to Vegas, especially after a night of drinking. There's nothing to complain about with the service. They are very friendly and accommodating.
4	A solid korean restaurant in Las Vegas. Korean food isn't easy to make - it needs a lot of love, time, and the perfect amount of seasoning. Mother's Korean Grill didn't disappoint. A bit on the salty side, but I'd rather have a tad salty than bland. Service wasn't bad and the bathroom was well kept. There's plenty of parking in the big lot. Try the spicy pork dolsot (stone pot) with Soju (korean liquor)!
1	Stay away! My friend was hungry for Korean BBQ so we decided to try this place. Nice decor, pretty empty restaurant. The point I want to make here is that we ordered the grilling meats. The waitress used the same tongs to handle both raw and cooked meats. 5 hours later, was never so sick in my life. Poor service, felt discriminated against for being non Korean, pushy, bossy and then did not inform our party of two, gratuity was added already . Insult to injury here. 123.00 for two people, bad service and food poisoning.  I am filing a complaint with the health department so that no others have this experience.
1	Last night I went to dinner at this restaurant with my sister for her birthday, the service was terrible, the woman were rude and we treated like minorities in the restaurant because we are not Korean, We have lived here our entire life and try may restaurants, we did premium package all you can eat. We didn't get have the sides everyone else got,  we were trreated so rudely and spent over $100 and just wanted to have a nice evening, rude, cross contamination utensils at the table, using tongs with raw chicken to move beef on the grill and the remainder of my evening was being sick all night and I am still in bed right now, They shoud be inspected by the health department, I want a refund, we have both been sick and vomiting all day and still sickStay away from this restaurant they are predijuce, don't know how to properly serve raw food for customers to cook for themselves, and use the same scissors to cut my raw chicken as my cooked beef, THIs should be agains the law.  DOn't waste your money on these pushy rude business owners with no proper food control, No wonder we have been sick all night
4	Would give 5 if the 17 dollar unlimited BBQ was not up in front of store.  The service is nice and the ladies are nice but yea its a little pricey.
5	Try the soondubu jjigae and bibimbap! Every meal comes with 6 korean side dishes, so I always leave satisfied. The waitresses here are very kind, helpful, and smiley. One of them even helped me with my korean, which I greatly appreciated. I highly recommend you try this place out!
1	Horrible. Poor service and bad food. Don't waste your time and money. This is my first Yelp review, and I usually don't complain. You know how bad it is.
1	They did not want our money :(We had a LARGE party booked.I did not book it and it was not my party...But I know restaurants and I know business.When 20+ people tell you they had a reservation and you have not clue what they are talking about, you push tables together and call in another server.Instead of doing anything reasonable, two women raised their voices at our host, questioning why he would bring so many people to their business. All I heard was "$1000?! NO THANK YOU!!"We simply left.
5	Snagged a bibimbap to go for my red-eye flight. Pleasantly surprised when it came neatly and thoughtfully packaged. With hot rice in one container, cool veggies in another. They also wrapped banchan and sauces in a plastic baggie so it wouldn't spill. I didn't even tell them I was taking it on a plane.Quality of the food was excellent, crisp and well prepared vegetables, Sunnyside up egg perfectly runny. The gojuchang was seasoned with sesame oil and not cloyingly sweet like many other places. I did order takeout but the lady at the counter was super nice, offered me a seat at the table and a glass of water. Wish I had more time to try the rest of the menu, thank you for my last meal in Vegas, Mothers!
4	Mother's Korean Grill was good to us.  We had a mostly white/young crowd with one Korean. I had read the reviews of bad service if you wern't Korean, but we didn't experience any of that. Also, we had the back room as we were celebrating with a group.Food was good. Service was good. Not much else I can say. We had a good time.
5	The food is always fresh and the owners are nice people. The kalbi short ribs are a must. The beef and chicken bulgogi are always on point.
1	WORTH THE READ! (roaches) I've never been more disgusted at a restaurant.Ive visited this location once this past year and I thought it was fairly decent.My family and I visited once more tonight because my boyfriend had never been or knew what Korean BBQ was.Thanks to our experience tonight he won't be giving any restaurants like this a try again.     We were welcomed in and seated in a booth.My boyfriend with the car seat and I sat next to my 2 year old.Everything was running smoothly until I thought I saw a cockroach run past the car seat.I didn't say anything to  not seem dramatic,shortly after I saw it again and pointed it out to him and we couldn't believe it.We were super grossed out and stopped eating.A minute or two passed and the waitress/hostess checked on us and the cockroach had crawled it's way up and was one the the table top next to my two year olds plate of food.I never thought that things like that actually occurred to people at restaurants.We weren't loud about it,just simply told her to look and pointed at it.she quickly grabbed a napkin and squished/grabbed it.She hushed us down by saying "It's and old building a we routinely spray for bugs".wtf does that have to do with anything? should we just have bared it.She removed the plate and replaced some of the stuff around it,and started being even more polite.As if she thought we'd make a scene.           We asked for our bill and she took a while before she came back and said take 10% of the bill,let that sink in. .        I saw another cockroach on the floor as I grabbed our belongings to exit.
4	As Korean people who tried a few Korean restaurants in Las Vegas, we thought it was the best soon dubu here.  Restaurant seemed clean.  We did not eat the Korean BBQ (we honestly try to get away from it).  Even though it wasn't on the menu, we had bibim neng myun and it was delicious and refreshing during the hot day!  Kkakdugi was fresh as well.  I would go back.(This was a recommendation from the owner of the Korean bakery we went to earlier in the day.  She had felt it was the most authentic food in Vegas)
1	Roaches...that is all that needs to be said...do not eat here, they charge way too much
1	Paid $18.00 for bulgogi and they gave us literally 3 pieces. Ridiculous. Took 10 minutes to flag down a waitress to get the check. Never again.
1	This place is the absolute worst. I've had my fair share of Korean BBQ and tofu - this restaurant is just intolerable. It started with the waitress trying to upsell us on tea by leaving out information (tea is generally served gratis at restaurants like this). Pro-tip: if the waitress asks you, "Green or oolong?" and you're just looking for regular house tea, then say, "Korean", otherwise it's $2.50 per person.Service is painstakingly slow. There were maybe 4 small families total eating in the restaurant on a Friday night and they still managed to move at a snail's pace. Brisket is flavorless. Spicy tofu soup is also pretty bland. Can't discredit the rest of their menu since I didn't try it, but I would definitely recommend avoiding similar items on the menu. Also, they don't know what brisket sauce is.
5	Love their cold noodle and raw beef. The side dish are fresh and delicious.  Corn tea is a good form of tea. Variety and authentic korean foods
5	Bibimbap is awesome, the server was amazing, she even stirred my bibimbap for me and was very attentive, I would have eat more but the portions are reasonably big. Ambience quiet and warm.
4	This was my second time eating at this restaurant. It is a solid place for Korean BBQ. Nice decor, decent service, and good food. If you're looking for the best "deal" on Korean BBQ...I would say Tofu Hut. If your looking for the best meat selection...I would say Honey Pig! Their honeycomb pork belly is ridiculously good! But for a solid experience...Mothers is a nice spot to eat!
1	Be warned...this place is really expensive for lunch. The meat dishes are all around $25 each.  We ended up walking out before ordering because it was more that we wanted to spend for lunch.
1	I am very sorry to the owner of this restaurant to write this.I am a korean.All I can say is this. They need to change the Chef.and please do not believe all korean food tast like what they serve.Try some others. Then you'll know what I am talking about.This place food is too expensive for the value.
1	The worst BBQ ever seen. Servers are fine but the best rice is really really extremely expensive. Specialty the Beef Stew. Don't ever come here.
1	This place is terrible. The dish is low value but overprice, and the service is bad. I won't recommend  it. What's more, they put 20% tips on the bill and forced us to pay it which is fine, because we thought that will be our last time visited there. After we paid off the bill which include 20% tips they forced us to paid, they said we haven't pay the tips and asked us to pay tips. omg never even been to a restaurant like this. DO NOT GO THERE!
1	Way too expensive even when we came from expensive San Jose Silicon Valley. Service is slow and my. Waitress is rather curt.
1	If I could, I'd give them negative stars! Never have I had such rude customer service before. This review isn't even for the food because we never made it there. First off, let me get this straight, party of 7 but only 4 of us are eating because the other 3 were younger and ate already. We had to watch them. Initially we ordered only 2 entrees cause 1. Price is quite steep and 2. Wasn't sure on quality of the food. After we place the order and told our waitress that we're sharing, she goes "2 order?! That's it? Wow!" Then storms off to talk to the chef in the kitchen. Comes back 5 minutes later to basically trying to explain that they want more orders or we're just hogging space. Keep this in mind though, the place was empty and we weren't deterring from their business at all. But due to her rudeness we decided this is not where we want to eat and got up and left. Never have I been rudely treated like that before.
1	This place sucks, we waited for 25 minutes or so after getting called for our table to get cleaned off. The bald gentleman, I'm assuming the manager was pacing around the whole restaurant, and seemed like he was trying to avoid cleaning the table. While this was happening we were just left standing there waiting as we're other guests who came after us. We saw more than 5 other tables that we're not cleaned off. I had high hopes for this place, but I'm sorely disappointed because of the lack of service.  This place needs some serious training in service.We settled for noodle pot a few doors down. I'll post a review about that soon!
1	Over-burned rockhard rice in their dolsot bibimbap almost broke my teeth. Terrible dining experience here.
3	This is a Korean restaurant located in Chinatown. It's okay, I would probably not consider this one of the better Korean places I've been to. The prices seem a bit high - three pork belly strips for $28? Also they charge $1.50 for any refill on bon chon dishes (side dishes) which is ridiculous because normally it's free refills at any other Korean restaurant.The sesame oil/salt/chili powder sauce they gave was pretty good though. The bulgogi was all right but also kind of overpriced, like around $26 or so. Service is pretty much non-existent once you get your food.
1	Is there an option to give this place 0 stars? We ate the kbbq part and ordered 3 dishes. EXTREMELY expensive. The dishes not refillable, and the side dishes tastes like crap. They don't even have rice paper. They only turned on fans for FIVE seconds every TEN minutes. The service was spotty and they charge a 20% tip automatically regardless of party size (we had 3 but we had the forced tip removed when we complained about it). The only good thing I can say about this place is that it is clean. AVOID this place, go somewhere else for your kbbq fill.
1	Worst korean restaurant ever!1. We still have to wait while there are no other customers eating.2. We need to pay extra for side dishes refill.3. Bad and expensive.
