5	I stopped into Puddleduds on my way home from Kid-to-Kid, after seeing it many times driving by but never going in. I had my baby with me so I had to bring the stroller in; word to the wise: this place is NOT stroller-friendly. However it was a great shop, nicely organized with new clothing and designer brands on separate racks and lots of cute extras. They had adorable Juicy items, Burberry, etc. I personally would never spend $70 on a dress for my 3-month-old daughter but they did have cute ones! I got some Janie & Jack and Gymboree pieces and having just come from Kid-to-Kid, I found the prices to be better at Puddleduds and the quality better. They had some very cute gift items and accessories too, but being that the stroller was difficult to get through the store, I didn't get a good chance to look at everything. I look forward to going back without the baby so that I can get some more!
5	This store is great!  Well organized with a wonderful selection of clean and pressed clothing items.  Some of the items were even half off the day I was there.  I have been shopping at Kid to Kid, but Puddleduds is much more consistent with their quality and prices.   Great selection of used kids books also!  Highly recommend
5	Great little find in Scottsdale for Kids Resale and fun stuff for Mama's too!Worth the drive from Goodyear!Great deals, clean shop, very organized, kind owners.  :-)
5	I'm so sad I didn't discover this place years ago!!!Lululemon, Prana, and Lucy oh my!Patagonia, North Face, and REI!!This place seems to market itself as a children's consignment shop, but they have a whole wall dedicated to high end active adult's clothing!  I only had 30 minutes to spare on my first visit, but I walked out with two premium tops and two pairs of premium pants (Lululemon, Prana, Lucy and Patagonia) for less than you'd shell out for a single new Lululemon top.  Saving money, saving the environment, and still being able to enjoy the highest quality active brands?  What's not to love?!
5	I have been a frequent shopper at Puddleduds for many years. The owner is awesome - friendly, helpful, and great attention to detail. The store is well organized and I like having to never worry about the quality of the clothing - she obviously never takes anything with stains, rips, etc. Many items are nearly new, and sometimes brand new with tags. As with any consignment/resale shop, sometimes you can seriously score and other times you might find nothing... so you have to visit frequently.You'll often find more expensive and high end labels here - many Nordstrom brands/designers, Lucy, Abercrombie, etc. On my last visit I picked up about 3 Abercrombie tanks for my 9 year old, and several Nordstrom tees/tanks for my 6 year old. One was brand new with tags! You won't find anything lower than Gap (no Circo/Target/WalMart).I've passed down many items of clothing to friends that I've picked up from Puddleduds, and I love the fact that higher quality brands can last through 3-4 kids as long as you take care of it properly!
5	Just made our annual trip to Puddleduds since we are in town visiting family. Always a great selection of higher end kids clothes at reasonable prices. The addition of adult clothes is even better.
5	Excellent choice of high quality children's clothing as well as some women's active and maternity clothing.  The lowest lines carried are Gap and Gymboree, with lots of Janie and Jack as well as other high end options. The store is super clean and very organized, making it fun to browse and fill in the holes in my son's wardrobe.
