4	A decent little nail salon that I go to if the place I regularly attended is way too busy. The ladies (and the guy) are really nice and its never really busy  (at least when I go) and the only reason I don't go their more is because its just a little bit more expensive. Not by much, but I just have a great rapport at the other place as I have been going their longer.  If you are in the area, check out China Nails. They will definitely take good care of you.
4	Let me start with the fact the prices are high. I only went here because I was visiting Scottsdale and this was the closet nail salon. The staff is very friendly and my nails look great.  The starting price for a pedicure is $29 and can go all the way up to $60 with a few prices inbetween for a longer foot massage and added extra things.My manicure was $13 dollars.  Total price $42 for both mani and pedi.Also there is no tip line after a credit card charge so either mention you want to add tip before they charge your card or bring a few dollars for tip.
4	Lennie does a great job with "shellac" nails! It's reasonably priced and the French lasts a long time.
5	Location is a Little far from my normal routine - but oh my gosh, it may have been the best foot massage of my pedicure career (long one). Lennie is amazing!!
1	I went for the first time friday after work.  I made an apt. and i was on time.The pedicure was nice and when i was almost done w/ my toes the woman who was supposed to do my full set took another person and did her nails.  I had to wait quite a while.it was close to closing so she hurried on my nails.  I'm not happy with them and some of the tips are crooked and she didn't shape them well.  My friend said that after a day her's are starting to lift.  she got a full set and a pedi w/ me.I was there from 5-7 and i paid 75 total.  I'm not happy w/ the service or the outcome.
1	I went there looking for Lennie because a friend recommended her to me. She does shellac nails that lasts very long and always comes out perfect for my friend. Yet, when I came to the shop one of the ladies there told me that Lennie doesn't work there anymore. Not only that but she rudely told me in a non friendly way. I don't recommend coming here unless you want to be yelled at. Absolutely rude. I'm not setting foot in that spot again.
