2	I used to wash my car at this place often but there is a newer owner who took over a while back. The place is in good shape but he raised the prices on everything and is otherwise kind of a jerk. The last time I went there, he did a smog check for me and while doing the check, my touchy ignition was acting up so he failed me and walked back in without looking into it any further. It was like he was happy to collect my money and sweep me away. I took it to a different smog place and they passed me with no problems.
4	One of the few smog stations still open on a Sunday and so close to the holidays. My vehicle registration was do that Sunday the 22 dec. I went go-green on Pecos for my first choice because they had a $2 discount with a yelp check-in. Got there and was very disappointed when I found that station to be close with no explanation.Found this smog station very close the other one. Buggy wash would had never been my first choice because  they did not offer any discounts that I can see or even offered in person. Not even a smog and wash package deal. The customer service was excellent. I was in and out minutes. Suggestion for Buggy Wash: please add discount. Maybe $2 with yelp, Facebook, etc. check-in. Try a smog and wash deal. Maybe a Sunday only deal because you are the few smog stations open on a Sunday.
2	This is a terrible place after it changed ownership. It is now the Oasis car wash. The new owners increased the prices and the products are not as good. Beware of the automatic wash, they will try to up sale you.
2	2 stars, one for knowing how to use the equipment, the other for charging a customer before the service was done, only to tell the customer they had failed due to a check engine light, wish I would of known a check engine light would fail me. Instead of charging me, well knowing I was going to fail, they could have informed me, let me fix it, and bring my service back to them, most likely bringing other business there too, unfortunately, I guess customer service and karma don't go hand in hand.
5	Great place!  It is under new ownership and now called "Oasis Car Was and Smog". But they held it down as a great place. Great customer service the gentleman there take good care of their customers. One stop shop get your car smoged, registered, and they have a great wash.
3	What can I say, get your smog checked, manually wash your car. Vacuums available. Take lots of quarters. Nothing spectacular but you'll get the job done :)
