1	I'm supposedly supposed to be in the process of adopting a dog from them and now I haven't heard from them in 4 days and their website is disabled. SKETCHY!I should've figured it out when I had to ask them 4 times to just call me, not email and they never did... Total scam. Glad I didn't give them any of my money!
1	I generally do not write reviews but felt the need after reading the reviews here while researching this rescue.My experience was exactly the same as the previous review...literally waiting for a puppy only to be stood up, not once...but twice!!!  Then being told they needed to reschedule for the following day.....never heard from them again!!  Now the website is "disabled"!!  Hmmmmmm!!!!  Something SKETCHY is right!!I too am glad I did not give them any money and hope that these reviews will help the next person looking for thier furry little friend from the same heartache we have experienced!!!
2	i also had a shady experience.  i am from sacramento and it took a couple of weeks and a fee emails to find out if they still had husky puppys.  i was finally contacted back and told yes.  we head south to san diego for christmas every year.  one the way down we told the kids we had to stop for "fish" for christmas.  the foster mom from moondoggies asked us to meet her at the Cerritos Mall near her work.  we waited for nearly 2 hours for her to arrive.  When she did it was a different puppy than we had originally talked about.  i was ok with that.  she told me the ones she had had been adopted the night before to a family who wanted to keep both the brother and sister together.  yeah!  so she had to get this puppy from a different foster mom.  Since i was from out of town she asked if i could pay in cash.  i did.  But because we met in a mall she couldn't give me a copy of the agreement and she said she would scan it and email it when she got home.  this happened on 12/22/11. She then said she would check in with week after Christmas to see how it was going.I had noticed that the puppy's belly was bloated.  my husband assured me that it was normal puppy bloat.  The foster mom gave me a sheet of paper that stated her vaccinations and her microchip info. she warned me that their may still be some worms in her stool because she had been given a dewormer.The nest day i still had not heard from her.  i have no paperwork from her or the insurance company that i was supposedly set up with.  that night, the poor little puppy was vomiting up roundworms all night long.  i took her to Bansfield vet in petsmart since i was out of town and could not see my regular vet.  Turns out she not only had roundworms so bad but she also had giardia.  the vet also had to hydrate her.  again this is part of the rescue process and i could deal with it.  However, i had not heard back from moondoggies.   The puppy is on medicine and starting to do better.  i waited a week and eventually i posted a beware notice on moondoggies facebook page and also sent an nasty email to the info@moondoggiesrescue.com since phone calls and texts were not being returned.Finally i got a reponse from them.  They asked me to remove my negative post from their facebook page and that they would get me my info and that there was no way they would adopt out a sick puppy.  unfortunatly i have almost $500 in vet bills to prove that she was sick. Once back in town i took her to my regular vet.  this time the vet tried contacting the resue for more information.  two weeks have gone by at this time.  BTW, there was no microchip found in the puppy by either vet office.  Moondoggies finally sent me a copy of my aggreement, pet insurance and another sheet of vaccinations on the puppy.  the sheet they originally gave me and the new one sent to me do not match at all.  my vet has decided to start her over on all vaccinations and give her another weeks worth of medication since we were still seeing some traces of worms in her stool.  now she is much healthier and is a very happy dog.  we are so glad we rescued her.  my kids and our other dog are so happy.i am very doubtful i will get my spay deposit back from moondoggies.  i asked them for a refund of the cost of remicrochipping when i get her payed and they told me no.  they will find someone to meet me and get the microchipping done.  i sent them some information on reputable resues in my area.  i have not heard back form them since.  My puppy is schduled to be spayed in a month.  my vet wants to make sure she is fully healthy and her immune system is up to par before it happens.anyway, this has been my experience so far.
1	We had the EXACT same experience as the rest. Beware, they lied about her age giving me 5 week old puppy instead of an 8 week old and she was FULL of worms. She never said a thing to us about the puppy having worms or being dewormed.Contacted the foster mom about the worms and her age and after several attempts she finally got back to me and said she had been dewormed and that she was 8 weeks old. Again we contacted her, being a bit concerned about her age and the amount of live worms in her poop and she didn't return our calls all day.We stopped payment on the check Sunday but she had left our house on Saturday afternoon and found our bank and cashed the big check right away.I had her dewormed AGAIN a week later and this poor baby was FULL of them!I emailed and texted many more times, getting a bit heated at the end,  insisting they provide me Vet paperwork for her vaccinations and I never heard from them again.Today I just remembered to have my vet scan her microchip and SURPRISE no microchip!Now I am concerned that she never had been vaccinated so we too have to start from Scratch!Do Not Use Moondoggies Rescue, they are scam artists.
1	Ah, I wish I could give 0 stars! BEWARE of MOONDOGGIES!We've had the same experience as everyone else with these guys (all happened early part of January). We were told that a DNA test was done and our pup was a purebred chocolate lab. Turns out the dog is a German Short-haired Pointer! Not that my wife and I are complaining, we love the dog, but the truth would be nice. It's hard to tell when they are puppies since they have similar coats and big floppy ears. Also paid the $75 for the spay deposit, which I'm sure we'll never see.My wife has emailed them multiple times asking for paperwork and vaccination records and we are not getting any replies. I simply cannot believe this rescue has the audacity to take advantage of people trying to do the right thing. We've since reported them to the BBB, but not sure exactly what that will accomplish.The "foster mom" has not returned any phone calls, didn't do any kind of inspection of our house or ask any questions. She just showed up at our house with the puppy and didn't even tell us she was bringing it. They cashed the check right away, so not able to put a stop on it. They are an absolutely horrible company. I don't even know if I've rescued a dog now, she could have come from anywhere.We were actually looking at two different rescues, but the other one actually came out and did a property inspection and interview of our family. I really wish we had gone with them instead.Moondoggies, if you ever read any of these reviews, I sincerely hope you take it to heart. You are a horribly run rescue that is taking advantage of people's good intentions. Karma is a female dog!To everyone else, keep doing the right thing and adopt, just not from these guys.
2	Well its been a month since we adopted our little girl.  she is over the roundwroms and giardia.  She is up to 11 pounds now at 12 weeks and growing bigger everyday.  I did finally get all the paperwork from the rescue on january 3rd.  the agreement, the gift of insurance and a different vaccination record.  i have submitted a claim to the insurance company but it will not cover everything. only the parts for the actuall illnesses she had. We have started the vaccinations all over. she has two more rounds of vaccinations to go.  in about 6 weeks she will get her rabies shot and then we can get her fixed. we will also get her microchipped.  Moondooggies told me that they will find a local rescue to do the microchipping for us.  i am waiting to hear back.Pesce is a happy little girl with a great personality. The kids love her, we love her and our other dog loves her. she is a great addition to our family.  so even though there were some things that i was very unhappy about in the beginning, we are so thrilled to have this baby girl and are able to give her a long and happy life.
1	I have never felt the need to write a yelp review but after reading other reviews about moondoggiesrescue.com and seeing that other people have gone through a similar experience as I have I felt like I had to review as well. I was going to adopt a maltipoo puppy from their "rescue" and they were suppose to deliver the puppy at 6:15 last night.. at around 6:00 I received an email pushing it back to 6:45 .. which was fine.. it was raining and I could understand them running late. I then received a phone call form a blocked number from a girl named "Erin" stating that she was stuck in traffic and doesn't know when she would be able to get there, so she rescheduled to the following morning. At this point I wasn't skeptical yet I was just sad because I was excited to meet the puppy that night. So, 10:30 am arrives and I receive an email from the same email account, this time a girl named Jennifer stating that "Erin" was stuck in a doctors appointment and that she would leave Redondo Beach to drive to Erin pick the dog up and then bring her to me. At this point I was becoming suspicious and decided to look up reviews on yelp.. coming to find that other people have been stood up and if not stood up delivered sickly puppies. I was not going to take that risk so I told her to forget about it and not bring me the puppy, and I also stated there are way too many bad reviews and I am not willing to take the risk. "Jennifer" then emailed me back stating that moondoggies is also a pet store, saying that I am getting the two companies confused when reading reviews.. which is obviously not the case, I am not stupid. This is all a scam and a heartbreak when you are waiting anxiously and are excited to receive your puppy. I hope I can save someone from the heartache I experienced and It is just so sad there are people out there like this. DO NOT BE FOOLED. save yourself heartache. OH, and also when filling out the application for the puppy they ask for your drivers license #.. that seems a little too personal and wish I would have thought about that before submitting it. I am going to inform my bank and other departments that my information may get compromised. Anyone that gave their info should do the same.
1	Why are all our reviews being filtered or deleted? Something is very wrong here and this needs to end! If you are researching moon doggies rescue, make sure you click on the very bottom tab (filtered) there are about 10 reviews that were filtered with true stories regarding this company.
1	Update for those following:After posting to Yelp, I received an email from Moondoggies within one hour stating they were going to rescind the adoption based on my negative feedback. I in turn told them to go pound sand. Amazing to me that after a week of no communication, I get instant feedback from them. Not only that, they didn't even want to resolve the problem, just wanted the dog back. Another issue, the dog was not microchipped! This was stated in someone else's review and to date, I've still not received my contract or any further documentation. I guess that's because I got an attorney and let them know that. Since then, not a peep. I also contacted petfinder and they called me back asking for more details. Apparently, they've received many complaints about these guys. The city of Long Beach also has an ongoing investigation into them as well for the same issues. I'm pretty certain they won't be in business very much longer. We're grateful that we got my pup, I only hope it was a rescue and not from some puppy mill. I can't believe a word these guys state any more, so I really have no idea.I'd be very leery of anyone giving these guys 5 stars, it's most likely people that work there. Please, still adopt/rescue a pet, just not from these guys. Absolutely atrocious preying on people's good intentions.
1	another update.  my puppy is doing much better.  she has one more round of vaccinations to go in the first part of March and then she will be psyaed on March 22.I sent an email to Moondoggies for my tax donation letter.  i was told it was in the mail.  i have not seen it.  that was back in January.  My vet sent me a letter stating why we have to wait before we can spay her. I sent that letter to Moondoggies and i have heard nothing since.  i strongly doubt i will be getting my deposit back.  As for the microchipping, i will be paying for it out of pocket. i will happen the same date she is spayed.  Moondoggies had originally said they would find a rescue associated location here in my area to do the microchipping.  then they said they did not want to send me to another organization to whom i might cause liability for.  I was also told to hurry up and get it done and send them the information so they can register my puppy under moondoggies name and then resend me the information.  that part is weird to me.  They said it is part of the rescue process and that way that can be contacted if for some reason we cannot be if something happens to her.i have been wanting to give monndoggies the benefit of the doubt because of the fact is is volunteer based but too much has gone on for me to believe it. This is my first time i have worked with a rescue before and it has saddened me.  I will still rescue a pup again in the far away future but i will definitly do more research ahead of time.
1	My wife and I had the exact experiences as everyone else and we are kicking ourselves for not reading these reviews before we adopted!Like everyone else when we first applied to adopt, Moondoggies could not be quicker in responding to us and setting up a meeting. We came all the way up from San Diego because we had been searching for a Great Dane puppy to adopt. The lady we met was very nice and seemed totally legit. She said we looked like good people and if we wanted we could adopt the dog on the spot. She also said that the adoption included having the dog spayed and chipped. She even offered us a great deal on getting the dog stomach stapled.How could we say no?We signed the contract and the check and we were told that they would be calling us to make sure we got the vaccinations done and to schedule an appointment for the spay and chipping.And like everyone else here... We never heard from them again. We have called the lady we talked to, we called the number on the sight, we wrote emails, and even tried to reach them on Facebook. For awhile I really thought that they were just busy and felt bad for them because they are run by volunteers.But what made me realize that they were a scam was when I posed as a person who was interested in adoption and was put right through to someone. Her tone immediately changed when I told them that we were looking to get our dog spayed and chipped. She was very short with me and said that she was away from the office and would have to look at our file. Then she would call us back. She didn't.Update Feb 16---Moondoggies contacted us after I posted this review and finally offered to have our dog spayed and chipped. However after not hearing for them for months we have already had our dog spayed and chipped. I was glad to finally hear from them but it was sad that I had to right a bad review in order to for them to finally contact me. I truly hope that they are a real rescue place and not a puppy mill or a scam. I hope that they make some serious changes in the way they do business!
1	So my experience of this organization has been very mixed, unfortunately mostly negatively when having to deal with humans. We found Moondoggies on petfinder, and we found our wonderful pup that we have now. The process of getting our puppy was relatively straightforward. The foster parents were good about contacting us and setting up a place to meet. She was timely and very nice, and we adopted our pup on the spot. We signed our contract with her and she informed us that the pup is microchipped and that part of our payment was a 75$ down payment that would be returned to us after our pup was spayed/neutered. Everything was perfect at this point. Fast forward 3 months. After NUMEROUS emails and calls (5+) we never heard back from moondoggies. It was coming down to the wire for getting our pup spayed, and we were also trying to follow up with a couple questions we had regarding her insurance and microchip. We never heard back from them. Finally, we sent them an email informing them that we would be proceeding with the spaying, and if we didn't hear back from them within the week legal action would be taken. Miraculously, this email made it to them and caught their attention, whereupon they immediately replied saying they had never received any of our other calls/emails, but are willing to cooperate. They have since been putting in the effort, but this is only after a long process of calls, emails, and consultations with our lawyer. We were (ultimately not) surprised to see that many other people had a similar situation. Now, moondoggies is contacting us asking us to remove our yelp reviews, as well as adding their own by Brooke L. I can't help but wonder that if the customer didn't have any power in this situation (through yelp and the legal system), we would not be hearing back from them. This whole thing saddens me on a number of levels: 1. The poor business model that this organization is operating on (not responding to people and trying to sneak out of paying bills and fulfilling their contracts) is impacting the dogs that they are trying to rescue and help. 2. They're putting more effort into cleaning up after their mess than just doing what they have agreed to do, which is find puppies a home, and upholding their end of their contract. The least they could do is answer their phone/emails. 3. I don't think Moondoggies is run by bad people, but they sure as hell aren't doing things right over there. Since i know you guys (moondoggies) read this, I hope that this review may be the little push you need to be a better business, and do what you're supposed to do.Long story short: Moondoggies was good at giving us the pup, but disappeared into the darkness once questions about our deposit and microchipping came up. Once we threatened legal action they reappeared, and now they are trying to reshape their public image. I will update my review once the process of spaying/microchipping is completed to reflect what happened.
1	Overall, I have had an extremely negative experience with the people running this rescue. My adopted puppy is wonderful, thankfully healthy, and the process of adopting was easy and straightforward, however Moondoggies absolutely disappeared after I paid my adoption fee and spay deposit and failed to follow through on any of their commitments. At the adoption meeting, I was told that she was microchipped already, and as soon as she was old enough to spay the rescue would arrange a spay appointment for me with one of their vets (I was told I was welcome to use a vet of my choice, but in that case I would be responsible for covering the bill).  The foster mom also said that she would follow up in a week to make sure that the adoption was going smoothly. I never heard from them. I sent many e-mails (about 5 or 6 over the course of four months) and left several phone messages asking for her microchip information and for details on how the spay would be scheduled. They also never responded when I was having difficulty activating my free ShelterCare pet insurance. Despite their lack of communication, I was still giving them the benefit of the doubt thinking that they were extremely busy, disorganized, or something of that sort. Once the month of her spay approached, I started to become much more suspicious of their behavior and decided to investigate. That is when I found these yelp reviews, and I couldn't believe that so many other adopters had the exact same experience! I talked to my friend who is an attorney, and he suggested that I notify Moondiggies that I will take them to small claims court if they do not follow through on their promises designated in the contract, our e-mails, and in our conversations with the foster mom. Low and behold, I get a response within one hour of sending that e-mail! I was very frustrated that they had been ignoring all of my previous communications efforts, but I was happy that they were offering to follow through with the spay and microchipping. Unfortunately, after one or two e-mails promising to schedule these appointments, they again dropped all communication.  I still intend to follow up with our attorney.I have wanted to give this rescue the benefit of the doubt because it is run by volunteers, but after these experiences I am very doubtful of their legitimacy. If they are in fact a rescue, they are very poorly run and are, even if unintentionally, still cheating people out of their money and not following through on their commitments. What concerns me most is that due to their shady behavior with me and so many others who have posted reviews, I am doubtful that they are a legitimate rescue. I contacted petfinder.com to see if they had any more information on this rescue, and they informed me that due to many complaints Moondoggies has been removed from their site (I definitely commend petfinder on their great mission and the responsibility they showed in investigating questionable rescues). I truly hope that this is an organization that is really trying to help homeless pets, and that these reviews will help convince them that they need to change the way that they are running their business.
1	the pet insurance given to me by this rescue has officially denied my request.  They have determined that my puppy has pre-existing conditions and so they will not cover any of the cost to get her healthy.  Oh well.  the puppy is healthy and growing.  she should still be a little heavier but she is at 19 pounds and growing.  she gets fixed at the end of the month.  i had kind of put all this behind me since my puppy is ok now and we are very happy to have her as part of our family.  But getting this denial letter in the mail just wanted to make me cry.  At least i didn't pay for the insurance.Onward and upward from here.
1	These guys disappeared and we never saw our money. :\
