4	This restaurant opened in the same spot as Village Pizza, which had closed several months ago.  I was hoping that they would have gotten rid of the bad pizza taste when they cleaned and redid the interior.I think this new tenant has what it takes to stick around.  It's basically a mom and pop version of CiCi's.  I was greeted by a friendly face at the counter where I had an option to purchase the buffet or a la carte.  I had come for the buffet, so the buffet it was.  The lunch buffet was $5.49.  I grabbed my beverage cup and found a table.  The buffet featured salad, pizza, and two types of pasta..I can only speak to the pizza here because I ignored the salad and pasta.  I can tell you that the salad bar appeared to be your average salad bar featuring romaine, and the pasta served was penne and spaghetti.  The pizza was decent.  Nothing outstanding, but I wasn't paying for outstanding.  There were several different varieties of pizza available and the staff even took requests.  I asked if they had a buffalo chicken pizza, and they said Sure!  Ten minutes later, the pizza was out.  The staff calls out the pizza-type as they're put on the bar.  That is extremely helpful in getting the pizza you want.It's styrofoam plates and cups, so nothing fancy.  But the pizza is decent and the service is outstanding.  I'll be back!
4	This place got a face lift and an upgrade in management. Solid product now. Priced right and the owners seem to care.
1	The new owner is trying very hard, and he has all the recipes from the past owner of Village Pizza.   The pizza, however, still lacks the greatness of a true NY style 'za.  toppings are sparse bt, to be fair, the new manager told me to "request anything" and he'd accomodate.  Buffet is cold and lifeless.  Laz is drek,  I'll give this place some time to come to fruition, but I'm not holding my breath.  Forget takeout 'za.  It's DOA.  Cardboard city.  Such a shame.  I so much wanted to support a local business
1	Overpriced!!!!! 17 dollars for essentially a Dominos thin crust minus the flavor. Seriously laughable. Virtually no sauce, minute ingredients on an everything pizza??? I feel cheated!!Place looked nice but a facelift doesn't necessarily change the soul of a person or place.  Don't bother going...
2	The buffet will fill your kids inexpensively. That is my only positive thing to say.
1	This place has closed and Village Pizza has re-opened in its spot. Which is funny cause Village Pizza sucked the 1st time it was there...
