2	Great pub! So why only two stars? Utterly horrible management. Don't even consider entering the doors unless you are a middle class conventional clone, as they will ask you to leave unless you are dressed correctly in their eyes, speaking in the right accent, and behaving 'correctly'. Oh, and don't you dare fail to fill in their obscure food-ordering slips absolutely correctly, or prepare to be soundly scolded by the ridiculously snobbish staff. Pity, the place itself is worth a look, despite the seriously excessive prices. But the people who run it make it a 'never go back' experience unless you love to be humiliated by snobs.
4	Before I can review the Canny Man as a bar, I have to review the management as people. Horrible, horrible people. The sign outside lists six or seven types of people who will not be allowed to enter the bar. Backpackers, people wearing trainers, people holding cameras, people wearing football colours...the list goes on! This kind of attitude is enough to put you off visiting to Canny Man's but really- it is worth persevering! The interior of the Canny Man's is phenomenal, each room has a different theme but not in a tacky Disney kind of way. The music room is wallpapered in aged music sheets and covered in beautiful old instruments. The time room is covered in clocks with a few nods to Alice in Wonderland here and there. Apparently the management kicked off (how surprising) at health and safety when they were made to dust the walls of this old building because the matted spider webs added so much character. I heard they have resorted to spray cobwebs to get the same effect. Whatever it takes for the Canny Man's staff to be happy, you can't fault them for style. I would thoroughly recommend the Canny Man's to anyone looking for a private room for a special night. You have to phone ahead to book but you get fussed about all the more. Order champagne and a bowl of strawberries arrives too. Round after round of nibbles also helps to sober you up. Well worth smartening up your act for!
4	Well it's changed days here in morningside. For those that remember the 'mans' as a semi biker pub full of under 30's listening to good music above the rattle and chime of pinball machines, and the occasional 'exotic' dancer, you're in for a shock!The 21st C canny mans is very gentrified - aimed firmly at dragging the local middle classes away from their PCs/TVs. The pub caters for the 40s and over....look out for some serious 'mutton dressed as lamb' which is an almost permanent fixture around the main bar.It's got to be worth a visit to check out the decor and the interesting layout of the place (see other review on yelp). We always bring friends from out of town to have a look...it's big on visuals but low on atmosphere these days. Is it possible that the mgt have managed to add fun to the long list of things they ban in their pub? Good range of drinks, especially if you are a whisky fan, often served with a wee snack on the side. Decent range of beer too which seems to be well looked after. You are talking 'town' prices here too - guess that's the price for the venue!Added bonus in summer is the small beer garden, you could easily lose a day in there soaking up the sun and several G&Ts.In summary the canny mans is definitely worth a visit but you will want to go elsewhere for a bit more fun and atmosphere!
4	The first you may notice as you walk into this pub (as previous reviews have pointed out)  is a big sign stating clearly that photographs,cameras, sloppy-looking people and so forth are not permitted in this establishment. Oh and no cell phones either. Now before you turn around and leave this rather rude welcoming, please take a good look around- you are in for a rather pleasant surprise. (and find the no screens rule quite liberating- have a proper chat rather than get hypnotised by a TV screen!) There are a variety of room to choose from to enjoy your pint of ale and all with their own individual style and serving good food (ciabattas are quite tasty). The waitress matches the entrance signs- very rude and moody but still I am giving it 4 stars not for its service more for the ambiance of the place which to be fair is quite cool. I'm not bothered with the slightly older age group this pub is gearing to, it's sometimes nice to get away from the student dominated places every once and awhile.
2	The 3 times I've been in here, I've felt really uneasy. Maybe it was the big signs saying 'no phones, no cameras' - it may as well have said 'no customers' - or maybe it was the disgruntled barman 'we're not serving food' . Whichever, I didn't feel welcomed.I got the impression that it's very much a local pub, the same people come here all the time and everyone knows everyone and their son Jock. I came in looking for a drink with my auntie, luckily she was one of afore mentioned locals and so we were embraced...but I get the opinion if I went in hans-solo it would be a different story.
3	Canny Man's has some wierd paranoia about anybody coming in who is potentially threatening, dirty or has a knack for taking photos.  Most places will let just about anybody in and then ask those unwelcome to leave, but Canny Man's is, apparantly, not most places.  I was kind of bewildered as to what their disconcerting sign was all about, as it's not particularly posh inside.  In fact, I thought it was kind of boring.  It's just a standard pub with nice decor, reasonably priced drinks, unfriendly staff and no TV screens.  This is certainly not the place to come and get rowdy over a heavy session, but if you're after a chilled out drink in the afternoon or evening, this could be the place.
2	I don't believe the owner of this place wants any customers, he seems to hate everyone. As you will immediately notice when you walk in there is a sign saying effectively 'NOTHING ALLOWED'. No cameras (I don't know why this is an issue, how many people take places of the interior of pubs, apart from Yelp reviewers), no mobile phones (I can sort of understand but a bit impractical), scruffy people (I understand the thinking behind this but there is a very vague definition of what scruffy is, my friend was turned away because he had piercings). As well as this the manager hates students, which is his prerogative, but the bar is quite far down Morningside road and cannot be frequented by too many students. Once you are inside, you just can't help escaping the feeling that you are not wanted there. Unusually this does not come from the regulars, who are all friendly enough, but from the bar staff and especially the  manager. The drinks are all good enough, there is a good selection of lagers, ales and spirits, and they are not too pricey, but I don't want to drink in a pub where you can feel dislike and tension always smouldering under the surface.
3	You could have been there 100 times before and in your 101st visit still find something hanging from the roof or bolted to the wall that you had not noticed before! Stock standard beer on tap and a nice selection of wine. Not the friendliest of staff...you'd probably get a better conversation outa the 1800's moosehead on the wall...
4	An excellent pub with good beer and polite staff. Anyone who has ambitions in the licensed trade would do well to see how a tight ship is run. The sign at the door (no this, no that) is all growl and no bite. Wi-fi is available and the TV is on for the rugby. The staff are formal rather than cold. Service is excellent. My pint was confiscated for being a bit too cloudy. Like a pub should be.
4	The Canny Man's is probably the most odd and eclectic bar/pub I've ever been to.  It has random stuff all over the walls and ceiling, in a way that makes it feel funky, and yet they make nice (or so my mom said) cocktails, they have a finger sandwich buffet, and drinks are brought to you by a guy dressed as a high class waiter.  I'll agree with the posters that the service can be really hit or miss.  The last time I was here, though, the woman (manager?) was incredibly lovely and we had a great time.  I agree that the "No x y zy and the kitchen sink" sign does seem a bit off putting but if you think about it, it's pretty reasonable.  Don't use your phone and irritate people, don't take pictures and irritate people, don't wear football colours and irritate people, don't have an enormous backpack in this tiny bar, which would irritate people.  Without all of the restrictions, this would become a tourist destination.  It seems to me like they're just trying to keep it a good local, and fair enough for that.
2	Hmm, The Canny Man's. It's a funny place. From the brass plaque outside banning cameras, mobile phones and backpackers to the too-bright rooms with tacky 80s furniture, by way of the 50-something clientele in expensive jumpers - I think maybe it's just not for me. And I'm sure it used to be much more atmospheric, with low lighting and serious dust everywhere - I think they had to clean up the dust for fire reasons, or something? But I'm sure they could have preserved the old ambiance. On the up side, it does sell good beer! For a price.
4	A local institution, a small eclectic bar, with a great selection of beer, and a vast selection of whisky.  The sign says it all - "no pictures" its a local's bar, its up to you if you take away great memories!
5	I loved this place!Me and my husband popped in here for a drink on the rare opportune moment that we have a spare couple of hours without our son. The first impression is how full the walls are with bits and bobs but i actually loved that. It was very busy and did seem to have an average age of 50+ of the people in there but that really wouldn't put me off going there again. The drinks aren't too pricey and the staff were very polite.
3	It is like other review's have suggested. I did have a bit of a 'wow' moment when I entered and first impressions were I liked its character. It does have a long list though of 'don't...' so this might put people off and several work colleagues confirmed, that at least in the past, if they didn't like your face then you didn't get in.My single experience here is you don't get service with a smile. Border line rude actually to a colleague who is a regular which was a tad off putting and made me re-think my hastly thought plan of bringing my parents here on NY day. The wine is lovely (pretty classy actually) and they have a great selection of whiskies. The place is full of character and the little booth area at the back was perfect for our post work, post dinner drinks. It also meant we could be separate, jolly and not run the risk of being evicted for breaking the 'don't' rules when trying to phone a drunking colleague last seen in the middle of Morningside Road who hadn't made it to the pub.So, I would go back, though probably not with guests as such, and it looks like it does great food so that would be worth investigating. So we'll see.Note - DOESN'T accept credit cards, bank cards, etc but there is an ATM across the road!
4	The Canny Man's is a sure contender for the title of Unfriendliest Pub even now, despite the passing of its infamously grumpy landlord. But the frosty reception and the air of tresspassing are all part of the theatre of this unique little boozer.The onslaught on your confidence starts outside, where a sign reads: "no mobiles, no credit cards, no backpackers, no cameras..."Inside, an intimidating land lady (I think) guards the door as you enter and glares. Dare to wander in? You will need to survive the withering look that follows you around the room. Take a seat and ask for the menu and you will have a white line cloth and proper napkins set up which is very nice. If you manage to understand the ordering system (write some code on paper, not the name of the dish... THE CODE and don't for god's sake try to talk to the waitress), you're in. And it is worth it! My favourite of the hundred options is the surf and turf open sandwich though the food is all a bit pricey as is the wine actually it is good for a change.Inside, The Canny Man's is like a curio shop alongside the traditional mandolins and dusty jeroboams pinned to the walls are military uniforms, paintings, swords, prams and a boat. Then you look up: a shop mannequin is skewered to the ceiling, dressed as a witch and many other sinister faces are peering at you from paintings are everywhere.The whisky selection is extensive and reasonably priced and they usually do a free buffet weeknights as well as giving a little nibble to enjoy with your drink. It is our local but despite being regulars I don't think we are very welcome but hey!
5	A coworker that is from just outside the city told me this was a must see while on vacation in Edinburgh.  She told me it was an interesting place so I made it a point to check it out.I saw the reviews before going and everyone said how it was uncomfortable and judgmental - but I didn't feel that way at all.  I thought everyone was really friendly and welcoming.  Even the cab driver on the way over made comments how the workers there can be really mean to people.My boyfriend and I walked in but no one really acknowledged us.  i walked in a little further and a woman approached us and asked for drinks or food.  I said both and she sat us next to an older couple.  We said it was our first time at the place and she explained they didn't serve pub food and walked away after taking our drink orders and leaving menus.The couple next to us, leaned in and made suggestions of what to order.  I ended up ordering the same meal she had and it was really delicious.  It was an open face sandwich and a hot potato on the side.  After dinner, I asked the manager if it would be okay if I took some pictures and she said yes.  She even gave me a packet that included the history of the pub and several postcards.I was really happy with my experience here.
5	What a brilliant quirky bar! I heard about this place a few years ago and only this week did I manage to go. I had already been instructed to go in the side door, as the locals go in this way and not through the front. A bell rang as I opened the door, just what I always wanted, something to herald my arrival and draw attention to moi! :/ I got my drink and found a nice corner to settle into to have a good nosey around the bar. There's so much to see. Lots of quirky items hung about the place. I especially liked the portrait of a westie's head on top of some military outfit. They provided table service and the waiter already had change with him when e took money from us, so there was no going back and forth, very slick! I want to go back very soon to have another look.
