5	Bliss Flow Yoga is fantastic.  This yoga studio offers many different styles of yoga, including my favorite, vinyasa flow to good music. Guest instructors fly in from all over the country to teach workshops. Some BFY teachers provide head and shoulder massages with essential oils at the end of class of class, which is just heavenly. It seems like BFY caters to a slightly older crowd, more fitness-oriented vs. spiritual/mind/body- oriented than other studios in town, probably because of its location. But I happily drive there from the Willy St area each week! The studio is calming and spacious. No mirror so you can't get distracted by how sweaty your hair is. They also run membership specials frequently, so it's likely that you can pay $8 or less per class. You can borrow mats, blocks, and straps and there is ample room to store bags and shoes. The changing rooms and bathrooms are large and clean. I can't wait to try a Yoga & Wine workshop!
5	I've been attending classes and workshops at Bliss Flow for about a year and I absolutely love it.  The studio is clean, spacious and peaceful.  The teachers are warm and helpful.  This is a great place for yogis of all levels to continue their practice.I highly recommend watching their website/facebook for workshops and specials.
4	I have not actually practiced yoga here, my review is about superior customer service.  I bought a gift certificate from here for my girl. I had a small question about the receipt when I received it in the mail. Not only was the issue taken care of immediately, but it was done with ease and no confusion! Highly professional, very efficient!  The gift certificate I got for my girl was only $25. What could you possibly get at a yoga studio for $25 you say?? Not much in San Diego, but there you get a two hour "yoga 101" class and an unlimited week of classes!Thank you Bliss Flow Yoga!
4	I've been attending yoga classes here for almost 3 years and overall am very pleased. They have great teachers and their desk workers are always nice as well.  They closed the Fitchburg location, which was a big bummer.  Their classes can get very full, but there are a wide variety of classes for all levels.  They have a small shop and you get free tea before and after class. Sometimes you even get free chocolate, and there is always fresh fruit available. Changing room and rest rooms are clean.  In the summer the studio tends to get on the hotter side of a comfortable temperature but all in all, a great studio.
5	Bliss Flow Yoga is just that - blissful. I purchased the $10 Intro Week for unlimited classes to use this week. At that price, I didn't have high hopes for the studio, but thought I'd try it out anyhow. Well, the Intro option is a steal! I've taken two classes this week, Power and Slow, and both were excellent. The instructors made an effort to meet new faces in the class, and adjust any as necessary. The studio itself is clean, well decorated and provides lovely amenities for students, like hot tea, fruit and free use of the mats, straps and blocks.One last note about the studio setup - the instructor's mat is is setup on a raised platform which makes it easy to view for reference. Everyone is friendly, welcoming and helpful. The name of this place suits them so well. Whenever I'm back in Madison, I'll definitely stop in for a class or two and I'd recommend them to anyone looking to try yoga for the firs time or as a regular spot. (I'd consider myself a beginner and I felt comfortable and got a lot out of the class).
5	i dropped in on 2 excellent classes - one at each location - while visiting my brother in Madison. i have been practicing for about 4 years now, lately only at home & by myself, but i like checking out different styles and studios while traveling. this was one of the better experiences i have had! both classes were vinyasa style, one with lots of warrior work (great for recovering from a long car ride!) and one with lots of pelvic stretching (also incredibly soothing). both locations were very welcoming with nice offers for new students, gently challenging classes (i like to be tricked into working hard!), helpful instructors, beautiful studios, and water/tea/fruit on hand for your post-class pick-me-up. i had a fantastic experience here, and i held off on using my unlimited week introductory offer until i'm in town for my next visit, because i'm very much looking forward to seeing this place again.
1	The instructors are ok, but I've had better.  I purchased the intro week and for the price and location, I might have become a member if not for two issues:1. It is SOOO crowded.  The instructors often walk around and are often more than 50 ft away where I cannot hear or say what they are doing.  And you can forget about any sort of personal attention.2. The customer service is horrible.  I bought my week pass only to see in my email that it "expired" two days after I first used it.  I emailed to have this corrected and was told that the pass expires 7 days after purchase despite the fact that the website specifically states 7 days FROM FIRST USE.  After sending them a copy of their own webpage, I was granted an extra two days for a total of 5.  Why only 5? Because apparently I must have blacked out and gone to my first yoga class 2 days earlier than I thought.  It's in their records so it must be true...couldn't possibly have been a mistake right?Lastly, this wasn't a huge issue, but their tea is god awful.  I'd rather drink my own bathwater.
4	This place is a little deceiving on the outside when you drive by on University Avenue,  because it looks like a small yoga studio just thrown into a little store front spot.  But that is far from the case.  The space is really huge and the place is nice. There is alot of good energy here.    The other thing that may throw people off a  bit, is that you have to enter this studio from around the corner and to the back and not on University Ave.  I made the mistake of parking my car in the front, you may want to take your car around back with you, so you will be near the real entrance, there is ample parking back there. I have read other reviews that talk about how full the classes are, and I can see why, the classes are pretty good.  There was a class before mine that had alot of people in it, my class had a lot and so did the one after mine.  But it wasn't so full that it was unbearably crowded or anything.  The teacher was knowledgeable and kind. I would go here again.
5	This place is great! The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The classes are relaxing and introspective. The studio has walls that are adorned with very warm and inviting colors and there is also some very nice hardwood type flooring.  I have attended about 6 classes so far and feel more centered now than I have been in a long time.  The candle light classes are by far my favorite.
3	This place is great.  Very calming atmosphere, quiet, serene space with friendly and kind instructors.  Delicious tea and often treats during class times.The only issues that I have are that classes can get very crowded - especially in the evening and with the more popular instructors. Some people are fine with being inches away from someone else's mat, I am not.
5	I've wanted to start a yoga practice for years, but I had a lot of excuses: I don't know what I'm doing. I have the wrong body type. Yoga people will know I'm a poser (and not the right kind). I'll need to buy too much stuff. Well, Bliss Flow Yoga made me feel right at home the moment I walked through the door. The instructors are excellent and encouraging. My favorite classes take place after dusk, because the room is candlelit and it's SO relaxing. And in the lobby, I can have a complimentary cup of herbal tea before going home. I finally get what's so addicting about yoga!
5	I must confess, I'm one of those pesky LivingSocial deal people who are crowding up the place, but having just moved to Madison 3 months ago, I had not found a yoga studio here yet. I could not be happier about Bliss Flow! Other than the disgruntled attitude of those who have been coming to Bliss for a while ("MEHHH LIVING SOCIAL WAHHHH CROWDED"), I am so thrilled to have found such a clean, beautiful yoga studio! Compared to other studios/classes I've been to over the years, Bliss Flow is positively luxurious. Due to my flexible (HA!) schedule, I really prefer weekday morning classes and wish there were more offered before 10am. But I enjoy Tuesday and Thursday mornings with Allie. In my 8 years of practice, I think Allie is one of my favorite instructors ever. She's really energetic, kind and positive. She has insanely awesome taste in music (but I really love electropop, you might not). The way Allie encourages us to honor our bodies and our own yoga practice, combined with her sense of humor, really pushes me through my personal goals during class. The facilities are so NICE. Always plenty of clean, new-looking equipment. Beautiful changing rooms if you need them. They also sell top of the line yoga gear in the reception area. I always look forward to the complimentary hot tea that is made with love every day- and always a different flavor.My suggestions to new yogis is to park in the back (not in front by radio shack, or you'll have to walk all the way around like I did my first time- oops) and come at LEAST 10 minutes early to get a good spot and get centered before class starts.Also: don't you even for a second think that Candlelight Yoga with Darlene is going to be a bunch of bubble-bath feel-good Enya crap: she will rock your abs!!! Prepare to sweat!!! This woman knows what she's doing.Anyway, my 20 class pass will be running out soon enough. I've been 9 times in 32 days and can already feel my body getting stronger and craving a good flow. I absolutely see myself coming here long-term.
5	one of my favorite studios in madison - i got hooked by the friday night happy hour flow classes. great schedule, wonderful teachers, perfect location (for me). my only wish: more room in the lobby as it can get crowded during class change time!
5	I recently moved to the east coast and desperately miss Bliss Flow's teachers, variety of yoga classes, and schedule. I haven't found anything that even comes close. I first started doing yoga from a very beginner state as a new year's resolution and took their Yoga 101 course. It came with a week of free classes to try out different teachers and styles which was a nice way to get immersed.My job required I travel quite a bit and there were definitely days I went straight from the airport to Bliss Flow.  I love that they offer classes in Yin Yoga and gentler styles that are still interesting and stimulating - appropriate for those new to yoga or working with injuries, or those who just want a more relaxing class.I splurged on a 5-pack of private sessions and the front desk staff definitely suggested a perfect teacher for me. I wanted to learn modifications for extremely tight hamstrings so I didn't feel like I was missing the benefit of poses when I focused too much on my hamstrings holding me back. I feel like I can take what I learned to any studio now, since many teachers don't verbalize modifications for classes beyond those aimed at brand new practitioners.
4	They offer many classes at convenient times, the studio is a great space
5	I've been to Bliss Flow Yoga twice now after one of the many people who bought their amazing Groupon deal.  I am VERY impressed with this yoga studio.  I've really enjoyed both classes and the teachers were full of personality yet gracious  in their teaching.  The studio itself is gorgeous-a large open room with tons of sunlight...it makes you feel like you can fully breath and you aren't cramped like other places.  The fact that you can borrow yoga mats and they have chot tea after each class are so nice and makes you want to keep coming.
2	*GROUPON STUDENT RIGHT HERE.* When I saw this deal, I was tremendously excited; however, I finally went to my first class last night and I must say that I'm not impressed.First, I will affirm other posters' reviews that there are just too many people who attend the classes! There are so many students that you will NOT get individualized attention from the instructor or any sense of community--two major components of yoga practice--let alone a spot on the floor. Also, the sheer volume of people completely overwhelms the front desk staff who are anything but personable, welcoming or helpful. The front room where you store your belongings and check-in is an absolute madhouse, so good luck getting any information. To be fair, I will say that I got a very good workout in the class. But, don't expect to leave with any sort of peace of mind. Battling through hordes of people to reclaim your shoes will do that to you.I think that Bliss Flow Yoga is/was probably a very nice studio before the Groupon offer. But at some point, when the volume exceeds what your business is able to effectively manage, and subsequently your customer service and experience suffer, I think that any benefits derived from the deal disappear. I'll use up my 20 class pass, and hightail it to a different studio.
5	Before moving to Madison I lived in a small town without any type of yoga studio within reasonable driving distance. I often followed yoga workouts on youtube; which was better than nothing. I can't believe how much of a difference it is to do yoga with an instructor! I love being able to shut down my my mind and just let my body do what the instructor tells me. It is way more meditative for me. This is my only experience in a yoga studio so I can't compare it to any other. However, I have tried many different teachers and types of yoga classes at Bliss Flow and they have all left me refreshed , loose and happy in my skin. I can tell a difference in my shape. Also, my usual joint aches and muscle stiffness are gone. All of the instructors I have experienced have been great and setting-up a non-competitive, nurturing atmosphere where each student can work to their level.
4	The teachers are what make Bliss stand out, particularly Sarah and Kelly, who offer thoughtful, well planned, challenging classes. I wish Bliss wouldn't offer so many Groupons, as the studio gets crowded, and there's not much time between classes so the small lobby is crammed with people coming and going. I'd love to see more classes on the schedule, particularly weekday mornings. Overall I'm really pleased with Bliss.
4	I love Bliss Flow.  For years I've been interested in starting a yoga practice but could never seem to get into it.  I was ready to determine it as just not my thing.  I disliked (and still dislike) the misappropriation of a culture at some places that do chants and meditation.  I bought one of the Groupon deals and was certain that I'd only do a couple of sessions rather than the whole 20, but Bliss Flow has converted me and I bought several more class passes after that.  I find that my experience at Bliss Flow depends a lot on the instructor.  Some of the instructors do a ton of flows whereas I prefer a variety of poses and holding the poses for longer.  I once left a class in the middle simply because I didn't enjoy the instructor at all.  However, with some of the better instructors, I found that switching between their classes helped challenge me.  Some of the classes can get very crowded, especially the Happy Hour Yoga.  I prefer the morning classes which have about 20-30 people.  Not too small, but not too huge, and plenty of space to spread out in the studio.  I prefer the instructors to not be super hands on with adjustments.  I prefer them to correct things that may cause injuries, but otherwise, I like that they encourage it to be my own practice and for me to do what feels right at that moment.
4	Love the power yoga, such a stress reliever. The place is open and warm and inviting. Great instructors the place is super clean and not over crowded. I highly recommend Bliss
4	I was a groupon-er and really loved this place! It never was too crowded (big studio and you can pre-register). LOVE the candles and the atmosphere and for being on University Ave it is really quiet. I have only been to the Yoga Basics class and really loved the instructor and the class. They provide props and also have tea outside the studio! Yum! The only issue I have is the space to get ready/leave your things is way too small, and in between classes it gets VERY crowded. All in all I would go again but my groupon has run out, and the prices are a bit too much for me.
5	I love this place so much they are ruining my bank account. The classes here are fabulous and the staff are all wonderful.They have a whole range of classes, from intense workouts to realxing candlelight yoga. I would highly recommend they to anyone.
4	Pros- Convenient location and class times, hot herbal tea and fruit, friendly staff, big studio space with plenty of mats and blankets etc, and the power flow instructors are great. I enjoy every class with Allison. Sometimes there are tasty treats waiting for students after class. Cons- Too crowded!  In the winter, the studio fills up to fire-code regulations and when you lie down on your mat, your head is against someone else's feet. The crowdedness can interfere with one's practice. Also, it's worth saying that they recently lost their best instructor who was promoted to a management position. Their website often has hiccups and you have to write them an e-mail (bc they don't answer the phone) to get issues with your pass sorted out. Overall- it's a good studio, but they could impose limits on class size, train their less experienced instructors so the instruction is more uniformly good, and improve their website.
