5	We had a great tour. Fun guide. Very informative. Takes about 3 hours. We went during the last week of october so there was not wait but I hear that during the summer you need to make reservations. answered all of our questions was funny. And choose tours in French or english.
5	Must Do! if you don't speak french and its your first time in the city. Very knowledgeable and bus timings are very accurate. If you go on sunny day make sure to wear a hat because it gets really hot on the top deck.
5	This was way cool. We took the hop on, hop off tour. You can get off the bus at any stop you like. We made a whole day event of it. This is a great way to see the city. The Guide was very knowledgeable, A few of the bus'es spoke both French and English on their tour
1	I love the hop on hop off tour format (I've done it in many cities) but this one was not worth the time or money. You are forced to buy a pass for two days so it's pretty expensive ($45 at least). To begin with, the bus was about 20 minutes late. The journey wasn't bad but it missed huge areas of the city (ex. Le Plateau, the botanical gardens & Olympic park...) - I can't imagine why anyone would be interested in seeing it more than once. The audio was simply terrible - we could barely hear anything upstairs (and based on the complaints I heard, downstairs was no better). It wasn't such a great loss though because the commentary was terrible... our tour guide didn't seem to know much and spent most of her time vaunting the merits of different companies and establishments around Montreal. Perhaps she gets a commission? Honestly, the subway system in Montreal is cheap (only $18 for a three day pass) and great, I suggest you buy a pass and discover the city on foot!
4	very nice city tour great way to learn about the city in half a day.tour guide was funny  was not happy to hear the tour in English and in French.but you did get lots of come back to tips!run 2 buses please!
2	The tours we went on are actually 4 stars, but the service was horrific.Mom and I signed up for two tours - The Heart of Montreal city tour with sightseeing cruise. The city tour was in the morning and the cruise was in the afternoon. So we show up at 8:45am waiting for the tour to begin with all the other tourists. So Grey Line begins boarding two buses, one for my tour and one for another tour. No one at Grey Line announced which tour boarded which bus, so there was a mass confusion as to what bus to board. Then came the afternoon cruise. The Heart of Montreal city tour ended at about 12:30pm. Once arriving back to the Gray Line office, we were greeted with a HUGE line because many tours were departing around 1pm. We had to be present at 1:15pm for the cruise as the boat left at 2pm. There is a small cafe downstairs (one of the few good points of the experience) so we ate lunch. When we came back upstairs at 1:10pm to make sure we were there. Again, there was no announcement as to what tours were boarding which buses. And there seemed to be confusion as to which drivers were going to drive each bus. WTF! Again, lack of organization. So we waited for the cruise shuttle. And waited. And waited. The manager (I guess that's what we was) knew we needed a ride to the cruise but again no bus. Its now pushing 1:30pm. I know whenever there's a cruise, they want people to be early because boats usually leave ON TIME so I began to get concerned. Finally, we and another group of people get on a bus to the docks near Old Montreal.Now my mother and I assume that all the people on the bus are going to the same place. NOPE! Only me, Mom and this married couple are going to the cruise. All the other people are on another tour. We're not told what our stop is. We get to an area that looks more like a parking lot than a dock so we all stay on the bus and the bus sits there. The bus driver finally gets up and tells us this is our stop. Thanks Bud! We all get off completely frustrated at the experience. Luckily another Gray Line employee (who's also confused because her schedule is all over the place that day) helps us get tickets to the cruise. Its now 1:48pm.The ticket booth is at the end one dock, but the actually boat is at the end of another dock. So know we gotta walk like a mile to get to the boat. Now we're all livid. I can make it in less than 12 mins, but it'll be hard for my mom and the other couple (most of the Gray Line customers are retirees). The tickets can't be refunded so we all do the best speed walk that we can. I actually arrive at the boat first and was told that they're waiting for us and they sent a golf cart to get us. The golf cart actually passes us. The ticket booth person doesn't tell us that the cart is coming for us. When we all get to the dock, I talk to the captain and tells me that we're supposed to leave at 2pm but we don't have to rush because there are even more people at the ticket booth. So three people well into their 60s didn't have to marathon to get to the boat. Unbelievable!BTW, Gray Line promised that we would get a ride back once the cruise ended. Guess what? They bus never showed. Thank goodness we were in Old Montreal so we did some more sightseeing on our own. We took the (reliable!) Montreal subway back home.The tours were good, but the frustration level was through the roof. I've never had a bad experience with Gray Line so it was a huge let down. And in such a beautiful city as Montreal. Two thumbs down.**Big shoutout goes to the cruise people and their patience throughout the whole mess. The cruise is contracted out by Gray Line. Unfortunately I can't remember what the company name was but I would strongly advise to go directly through them.
5	I suspect that with tours of this nature, your experience hinges on how good the guide/driver is. Luckily for me, our guide (Jean) was knowledgeable, witty, and quite helpful. Other than the sites in the beautiful city of Montreal, he made the whole trip (about 3.5 hours) worth every cent.We boarded the bus (one of those large coach deals, not the double-decker variety) at the Gray Line building for the Heart of Montreal Motorcoach City Tour (about $50 each), and from there stopped at various points around the city. The longest stop was about 25 minutes at Notre Dame, which gave me time to get in and take plenty of pictures. The bus also stopped for about 5-10 minutes at St. Joseph's Oratory on Mount Royal and at some point near McGill University that allowed us to take in a stunning view of the city from a hilltop.After the tour ended, the driver kindly offered to take all of the guests back to their hotels even though that is not a service normally offered for that bus. All in all, he went above and beyond to make the tour a fun one, and I can't recommend it enough.
1	My wife and I just returned from Montreal where we purchased  a Greyline guided tours.  We boarded the bus near our hotel in Old Montreal near the Museum. The first bus we boarded the audio was so bad we could not understand very much of what the Guide was saying.  In fact we really couldn't tell when they were speaking French or English.  Since the purchase spanned 2 days we decided to take the tour again the next day.  We boarded the bus near the Museum again.  The second bus was the fully enclosed bus where the driver was also the guide.  He had a hoarse throat and basically couldn't talk above a whisper.  We requested he raise the volume but nothing helped.  My wife and I struggled to hear but finally exited that bus at Notre Dame Cathedral and walked back to our hotel.  This was our experience with the Greyline in Montreal.  Two failed tours.  When all our friends ask us about our trip to Montreal, we will talk about the great food and the Botanical Gardens and the two failed Greyline Tours.  We will probably tell them to skip the tours, save their money and just walk the Old City.
3	We signed up for the 3 hour Heart of Montreal tour.  Priced at $50...reasonable.  We did cover most of the main attractions, Mont Royal, Notre Dame, Neighborhoods, Olympic Village and more.  Very thorough.  The problem was the guide.  There really should be separate English and French tours.  Our guide, Germain, had a heavy French accent and it was hard to tell which language he was speaking as he went back and forth from one sentence to the next.  He also made what I considered to be a very inappropriate comment as he was describing some senior housing.   He said it was for "retired/retarded , whatever" people.  Not exactly the type of comment one is used to listening to on a tour.   I would have liked a bit more detail about the city but again, too much back and forth in two languages.  The bus was way too hot too.  People were in winter coats.....no need for all that heat.  I also did not appreciate the high pressure to tip the guide.   All in all worth it but your guide makes all the difference in the world.
4	Seemed kind of strange taking a Gray Line tour of my birthplace.  Glad we did though.  Our friends purchased our 2 day Hop On Hop Off tickets.  Think it costed over $50 per ticket.  Kind of pricey, but still worth it.  There were about 8 stops where you can hop off, and then hop back on another Gray Line bus later.  We stopped at several stops to check out the various sites.  We enjoyed the double decker buses the most.  It was way cool to sit at the top, breathe in the fresh air, and admire the sights!  All of the guides that we had were very informative and educational.Bottom line is that it was very convenient to do Gray Line's Hop On Hop Off tour.  Sorry, but they do not offer it all year round.  We were able to see and visit so many Montreal attractions in just two days.  I do not think that we would have been able to accomplish all that we done without taking this tour.  Would do it again!
