5	I am beyond excited that this new location is open! I LOVE Cafe Rio! I went in on opening night and they were doing a great job keeping up with the long line. I will be back often! It's almost a bad thing that I work right across the street.. Almost :)
2	If you like SALTY!!!!! Mexican food... This is your restaurant.  I had a chicken burrito yesterday and no matter how much water I drank after my meal, I couldn't quench my thirst from all the sodium in the food. Come'on people in order to be fresh you need to remove the high sodium preservatives. It will cost you more, but your guests these days are much more educated when it comes to high sodium food.  I wouldn't go back!
2	We tried chicken & carne burritos & a salad. Really good flavors across the board. Food itself is fine, no complaints there. Major problem is their service & line setup - it wasn't all that busy the day we tried it and yet they rushed us through the line like there was a fire. I get the fast casual concept, but that was ridiculous! There's no point in pushing people through choices when there was a bottleneck at the cashier and we didn't get our food any sooner had they taken a second to clearly explain options or give us a chance to even see what all toppings are available (they didn't design the queue well and you don't see your options until you're right on top of them). Staff didn't communicate well & just about made the wrong burrito before my family noticed and spoke up. Also they just assumed everyone wanted rice & didn't ask. Price is high too for what you're getting. Chipotle & Costa Vida are superior. Likely won't go back but flavor of the food is the only reason they rank higher than 1 star.
4	Nice workers and good food. It seems to have the problems that a new location would have but I'm hopefully they will get them worked out soon.The sweet pork tacos and burritos are awesome.
5	I didn't know what to expect but it was recommended from a coworker so I tried it out. The setup is similar to Chipotle, however the atmosphere is more authentic southwestern style.   More than just burritos and bowls. The food is better tasting. I will definitely come back again and again! Thumbs up!
2	HOLY CRAPPY SERVICE!! Wow....so rude and unprofessional. I was reading all the other reviews and thinking....give me a break....but no, they are so rude. Only nice worker was the cash register. Barely any chicken left, so they decided to scrape out the little extra dry pieces. I refused and waited for new chicken. Then made my burrito and it tore....but just kept going. I asked if that's how they make all their burritos, she said no. I asked for mine to be re-made....she didn't appreciate that. Slammed my burrito in the trash. Told her thank you,, and got an "you're an asshole" half smile. Food- 4 stars. Loved the homemade tortilla and the chicken. Will come back and hopefully catch them at a better time.
4	Similar to Costa Vida. The new location has brought the crowd so avoid lunch time and dinner if you don't want to wait. The food is salty as others have commented, but I think that is what you get. I have eaten at a couple of their other locations and experienced the same salty dishes.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Cafe Rio!! & I'm so happy they finally built one in our area! This place is always busy & will remain to stay that way! I would recommend this place to everyone! Just beware.. They get SUPER busy @ lunch time! :) finding setting can be difficult :) but great atmosphere!
5	Cafe Rio has been a family tradition for me, growing up in Utah. It was the best Mexican food around up there and I I've the taste. My favorite dish is the double pork enchilada with medium sauce (it's not spicy, I promise. Just get it) all rice and no beans. I love their cilantro lime rice, and the pork is tender and sweet. They are usually friendly, but they are making a lot of orders quickly, so I can understand them being a little abrupt. Great food as always from this chain.
4	This is a new location for Cafe Rio. I have been a die hard fan since it opened up years ago in Gilbert off Baseline and Gilbert Rd. It is really busy so best not be starving as it will put you in a funk real quick. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food and my fav are their salads and house dressings. Both the dressings are delish!Now with this new location.. the parking sucks due to having way too many businesses jammed in one area. And their service line has not been fine tuned yet. They will eventually get it. My only complaint really is they are typically slammed (because the food is freaking delish!) and it takes some time to get through the line. But worth it at the end. No problems with the workers there either. They seem to be friendly.
5	I absolutely crave the pork barbecoa burrito. This place is always busy since it opened. I recommend calling in your order if you're just picking up to bypass a very long wait time.
1	Food is over priced and very bland.  Husband had the steak burrito and I had a chicken quesadilla.  Both of us agreed that it was bland and needed flavor.  The place was packed which leaves to believe that either it is new and people are trying it out or there is a market for bland Mexican food.  The drink bar did have a nice selection of options, that would be the highlight of our visit.  We won't be returning.
4	Very tasty and plenty of space. I always like Chipotle, but it gets a bit crowded. This food tastes great and the tortillas are rolled out and baked right in front.
3	Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but the prices are outrageous for what you're getting  and it isn't exactly what I would call Mexican food. It's just too expensive to eat here especially considering that the taco salad is the best thing on the menu but its not really something that would make a good leftover. The decor is cute, and it's a fun atmosphere. The staff is friendly and the drink choices are excellent, but until they're going to either turn it into a nicer restaurant or lower the prices a bit, I'll just stick to a different restaurant.
5	What can I say....great food and crappy service. The food outweighs the service I. This case. Very rare for me.
2	First time here....decided what to get and the line staff was less than helpful. 1. A coworker came in behind us and they were more interested in helping him and left our tacos sitting on the grill while talking to him. 2. I made a comment and they said "oh" and then let it sit there. The lady at register came and finished the meal but you were out of pico and nobody knew where any was. Then the "manager" said some was being made but didn't offer to get us any once it was done.3. Then we watched the entire crew eat donuts and try the pico they just made with chips. 4. The lady making tortillas walked out onto the floor with dough in her hand looking at someone in the parking lot.5. The lady making tortillas walked over to the bathroom area with gloves on to use her cell phone. Then go back, eat more chips and start making tortillas again.6. Did I mention eating donuts? Because now they are doing it again, walking around the store.7. Trash cans are over flowing and nobody is cleaning the tables....just sitting around with nobody in line to help.8. Now the "manager" is putting her hair up with gloves on.9. Now the next shift is arriving, I can only hope this crew is better!10. Wait, I was wrong! This employee has gloves on but putting her hair up and fixing her hairnet. Then logs in and now goes and does someone's food with the same gloves on.The manager has no control over the employees, they run her and the restaurant.Sometimes you wish you worked for the health department so you could write them up!
4	Really good food, nice outside seating during spring weather. Price was acceptable. Biggest problem is to avoid it during the rush. Super packed.
1	Expensive. Not that good... And they've charged me twice for "extra guacamole and sour cream" that I didn't ask for. That's $2.50 each time. Enough to be aggravating but not enough to drive back for. I won't be back.
1	Consider it's a knock off ate at another place the other day slightly better, but really a knock off and they don't really do it that well. One visit only and only in a pinch if there's to be a next time.
1	If I could give negative stars I would.  Everytime I leave this location I'm so frustrated. Formerly we lived close to a cafe rio in Nevada and loved it. We have been to several locations and always had great customer service. This place is the worst I've ever encountered. The staff is young and careless it seems like they just hired a bunch of 16 year olds and didn't train them. The wait is often back to the door thanks to lack of efficiency. Example, tortilla maker was too busy talking to care that they were out of tortillas while their line of 30+ continued to pile up to wait for her to do her job. For some reason this location is the skimpiest on portion size that I've ever seen. Why is this so inconsistent from Cafe Rio to the next Cafe Rio??? Presentation is aweful, you seriously have some shaggy haired kid throwing tortilla strips on top of your salad with no matter what it looks like he just grabs a handful and throws it on there. I have no problem paying extra for the different sauce that I want or cheese etc. however there is no reason to rudely state it the way this staff does. Seriously where is the training here?? If this wasn't enough to fire the entire staff and start over new then the hair in our salad should do it. Yes that's right a nice long long piece of hair halfway through the salad. Seriously so disgusted and disappointed.  I'm a huge cafe rio fan but after many chances at this location IDE rather starve than go back to this staff. Seriously, fire them all and start over.
5	AMAZING FOOD! I love it I love it I LOVE IT! Super friendly service, quick line, custom burritos, tacos, and salads - all sublimely delicious! Oh my lanta! The nachos are good, too. Also, the drinks are out of this WORLD! The hot hats and the mint limeade are my favorites, although the strawberry stevia lemonade and the hibiscus limeade were also super yummy. I've gone there just for the drinks!
4	Chili roasted beef burrito with the medium green sauce is amazing!  I had the enchiladas here once but ended up being sad because the burrito is so much better.  Portion is huge, so come hungry or take some home for later.
1	This is the worse Mexican food I have ever had. Why are the enchiladas sweet? The rice is horrible. I'm from Los Angeles and I'm Mexican American so when I here Mexican food I have a high expectation but this is horrible. The best thing was the horchata
3	I usually love this place, but today I left irritated.  The food is consistently good. The employee preparation of the food can be hit or miss. Today it was a miss.  I came in around 11:30 and there were about 5 people in front of me. When the lady in front of me ordered, she ordered 4 salads to go.  All of the warm tortillas with melted cheese that were sitting on the grill got used up.  My turn to order, I also ordered a salad only I didn't get a warm tortilla with melted cheese.  I got a cold tortilla with cheese sprinkled on it and my rice and beans thrown on top of that. Really?  You couldn't take the time to grill me a tortilla like you're suppose to? I was hoping the rice and beans might have melted the cheese, nope.  I always rip a piece of tortilla off first thing and it was disappointing. It was cold, not warm like it should have been. The employees on clean up duty in the dining room are also very grabby.  On 3 different occasions I've been mid-meal and had my half full salad dressing cup sitting on the tray right next to me and an employee will grab it without saying anything and throw it away. This location is newer and I hope they get their act together or I will be going back to "the other place."
5	Super happy they opened close by! Love this place. The food is AMAZING. You can't go wrong with their pork taco's--delicious. I've stopped by and they are very busy! So, expect a wait, but not too long. Even when it's busy I still manage to find good seating. And, you cant' go wrong with their Taco Tuesdays!
2	I've been going to Cafe Rio for over 15 years. Since moving to Arizona from Cali we were pretty excited to be close to the  one on Baseline which is about 15-20 min from where we live but that made no difference because we loved Cafe Rio in the past. That location was average, always out of ice and always trying to rush you through the line. The food pretty good which kept us going back.When the San Tan location opened we were pretty excited because of its proximity. In the last year we've probably been 10-15 times to Baseline and this location 4 times. The other night we went and they were super chinsy on the meat we ordered 5 meals and each meal hardly had meat. Feels like Cafe Rio has gone down hill since franchising which is to be expected, but the prices continue to get higher. Get your act together Cafe Rio.
1	Well that settles it.  The next time I want Mexican food...I'll drive to Mexico!  Why is it apparently so difficult to get decent Mexican in Gilbert?!?!?
3	I fiiiinally made it into Cafe Rio tonight. TLDR: Costa Vida is better.I will say that they had a better drink selection and definitely deserve extra points for having crushed ice, but while the food was very similar to CV, it just didn't hit the spot for me like Costa does. The assembly line flow was a little rough, especially when it seemed as though they had more people back there working. At one point the employees started throwing tortilla dough at each other, glad mine was already on my plate.Would I eat here again, yes - but not if it was between the two.
4	Had my first experience with cafe Rio today.  It's basically a chipotle with more options and in my opinion tastes better.  It's kind of expensive. I had the tostada with chicken and a coke and it was over $9. There was a pretty big portion though,  I ate about 75% of it and I didn't even have all the available toppings.  Don't tell them it's your first time unless you enjoy being embarrassed as they sing a very long,  loud and obnoxious song while banging on the stainless steel counters.     Overall I would eat there again but I wouldn't seek it out.
3	This could be a 5 star for me but honestly its been months since they have been opened and they have yet figured out a way to keep the line flowing. My suggestion is to use the other register and put no reserving seat signs like Zuppas. I can hardly ever find a seat after i order my food and half the people in it dont have thier food yet. I know that its quality food everything is fresh but when waiting over 30 mins or long in line kinda turns you off! Beside that i loveeeee the food here!! Unfortunately i dont come as often as i would like for the reasons above.
3	Takes too long to get my food. There was hardly any meat on my tacos. I think its over priced. Food quality was good and friendly service. Clean also.
4	First time here for me but my wife's becoming a regular so I came along. I had the pork barbacoa burrito enchilada style. Delicious. My wife likes the salads. Definitely still fast food style but very good and at least some decent decor and style. Will be back for sure.
3	This is a quasi-Mexican cafe.  It's similar to Qdoba and Chipotle, but has a few more menu items to choose from.  It's simple, basic, but good.  The tortillas are made fresh from balls of dough (not just warming pre-made tortillas as the others do).They are not a match for someplace like La Tolteca, but good for "Mexican" fast food.
2	Love the food but hate the service.  The service employees preparing the food are to busy socializing with each other instead of paying attention to customer.  I had to repeat my order 5 times before they got it right.  The staff needs to slow down, give eye contact to the customer and quit talking to each other about who is dating who.....what their plans are later tonight....and stop bitching to each other about who is not working their stations.  Bad customer service!!!
5	I love Cafe Rio because of the great burritos in the amazing TAsteE they put them in pie tins to make the burritos more like enchiladas. I think they soak the pork in soda so give it even better flavor.
5	So I need to update my previous review. This location has gotten a lot better. It seems like they needed to iron  a few kinks out from being a newly opened location. They are no longer chinsy on the meat and the overall quality of the food is better. I've been going to Cafe Rio a long time and I'm glad this place stepped up their game. I'd recommend it to anyone!
5	Great food! I've been eating at other locations for years. I recommend the pork salad. It's fun to watch them make the tortillas as you stand in line. The place is always packed at lunch and dinner but that's because the food is good.
5	Love everything cafe rio has to offer. I could drink the salad dressing, the chili beef is stellar and the horchata is the best around!
2	The food is ok, but if you like imitations mascaraing as authentic this may be your favorite spot. What is most interesting to me is not the food, it's the other patrons. If you are people watcher THIS IS THE MAIN REASON TO COME HERE. There majority of their clientele have something just a little bit different about them. It's pretty creepy, and very entertaining. If it's between this spot and Taco Bell, come here... unless you are in a hurry.
4	I have been a Cafe Rio lover since the first time I had a salad there in SLC, Utah. We usually frequent the Gilbert/Baseline location and were thrilled when they opened San Tan since it's closer to our house. The food was just as good as always- I love the beef barbacoa salad and my husband loves the steak burrito. Portions are large, so sometimes we share. The queso is to die for, and we love that they give free "nino quesadillas" for young children. My 2 year old eats every bite and I don't have to be upset later that I spent money on a kids meal that went uneaten. Taco Tuesday is the best- and I still leave completely stuffed after just one taco.  Now, beware- this location gets CRAZY busy with the white shirt and tie crowd coming in from the Gilbert LDS temple around the corner. It's often difficult to find a table and the line can be long.  I would definitely recommend to them that they not allow seating until you have your food in hand, as there are always huge parties taking up several tables pushed together that sit around and chat when they haven't ordered yet. Otherwise this is a spot we will continue to visit!
5	This place is my new favorite for Tacos!!! We came on tuesday and got $2 tacos that were out of this world! The rice and beans had so much flavor, and I don't ever like beans but it was only $2 to add them to the tacos! They have a raspberry hibiscus tea that is the best I've had in Arizona and they have hand squeezed mint lemonade, delicious horchata, southwest limeade, and stevia sweetened lemonade!  I could go on but I won't,  just try it!! :)
