4	This a great little cigar shop with a great variety.The owner was SUPER helpful and informative.Prices are at or just below market pricing. One odd thing...they do not let you touch any of the cigars. They consider it a "hygiene" issue.
3	Stopped back in the other day to grab a few more cigars for my trip to Mexico.  While I still like this place...they are SUPER ANAL about not touching the cigars.  The owner stands in the humidor while you shop to make sure you only pick up product that you are buying.  Rather bizarre.
4	Good selection and prices.
1	I went here and I told the guy this is my first time I ever been in a cigar shop and I asked whats the difference between these two cigars? He responded with "if you need to ask you dont need to be here"  then it was just silent and I walked out and now I just go right down the street to cigar ware house on 10thst and camelback.
5	Don takes very good care of his clients, guided Alan to buy the right humidor for his big 50th B. day. Many shops will just let you pick...care less about if you are getting your money's worth ect. Don's is for the cigar connoisseur and maybe that is why some people have given poor reviews, he's not anal, he is there to help you in the humidor and pick the best cigar for what $ you wish to spend and if you let him...he will quickly advise you and educate you. My husband has been all over the valley and Don knows his product, has a huge inventory and really cares that you like what you buy. That is called customer service and rare in AZ. But if you look for that in a shop you will get it at Don's and he treats his big spenders and little ones like us (2-3) cigars at a time all the same...like your special. You can easily spend $3 Grand on some of his top of the line humidors so I gave it a high price but he also has some for $40.00. Happy Puffing.
1	Stopped into this shop during spring training.  The staff was nice but he really pushed the Kristoffs as he had the vendor in the shop.  We bought 3 of them based on the recommendation and we were going to get a box if we liked them.  The cigars didn't draw well and were generally not very good.  We went back into the shop to let them know and they offered absolutely nothing after we had spent $170 there the day before and only bought the Kristoffs on their recommendation (at 10 a stick).  We won't be going back.
5	Have been a client of Mr. Lee, the proprietor, for many years. More than any other person in the cigar shop business, he has impacted my tastes. There is not another person I am familiar with who will take the time to walk you through that what's, where's and why's of cigars. His pricing is excellent and Mr. Lee personifies the reason why one will become a regular client: He cares and let's you know it. Answering some of the reviews below... The humidor IS cramped, but that is simply because he carries such a great range of products. And, yes, he and his staff don't want the shopper to manhandle the merchandise. If we were to look at who has written about not being able to "touch" the cigars, 9 out of 10 of them are the reason why that happens. Cigars are like works of art. The more hands that touch them, the more likely it is that a wrapper will become damaged, that the foot will split, etc. And to answer Mike's review: I have spent many, many hours in this shop. I have seen numerous newbies come in to buy a cigar. And I have NEVER, EVER heard a response like what you have documented come out of any of the staffers at Don's. I find it very interesting that you then hawk a quick ad for Cigar Warehouse down the street. Comparing Cigar Warehouse to Don's is like comparing a fast food hamburger to a Ruth's Chris steak. Both beef, or a Kia to an Aston Martin. If you are reading this and are looking for a cigar shop that represents the best in the business, go in to Don's, ask for Mr. Lee, tell him Charlie Knox sent you... and see what your experience is... Finally, as an addendum, David's review hawks other shops, also. This is classic Yelpian BS. Completely unsubstantiated trollish statements that on their very face are almost impossible to believe. WHO would ever cap a cash purchase at $10? No one, obviously. I know people (and I am one of them) who will travel MILES across the Valley to patronize Don's. Even if I am at a competitors shop (and that happens occasionally), Young Lee's name is spoken of with respect and honor. End of story: Go to Don's. Have a great experience. And let us know what it was like.
5	The man is a perfect gentleman and takes pride in his trade.  Its true, he follows you into the humidor and offers suggestions and an education on cigar if you are interested.    Give him your business. He deserves it.
1	If you like to be followed around like a dog to buy overpriced cigars that are very DRY. This is the place for you. 15 plus years selling wholesale cigars so I would know. Buy one put it in your humidor for a month and enjoy!
5	I find Mr. Lee to provide SUPERB customer service.  I have shopped with him since he opened.  I find his knowledge of cigars to be excellent.  His memory of customers and their taste is to be envied.  I have encouraged many of my friends and family to go there.Robert M
