4	I have to give this location props. I had to come here once a month and they were almost always nice even when dealing with some crazies. If you make an appointment they are really good about honoring the time for the most part. I mean you come here to get blood drawn, it isn't the best experience but they make it pretty painless..
4	This is the only location with weekend hours, which used to be 24 hours, but recently changed to closing at midnight (weekend). I'm a fan (hence the 4 stars), but since last sunday's two hour wait, I would not recommend coming here after lunch on sunday (see, everyone had the same idea that day). I would suggest either getting an appointment  (www.questdiagnostics.com) or getting here really early if you're still planning on coming here on saturday or sunday (bring a book or something to help time pass). The waiting room was filled halfway when we arrived (should've been a sign). But the waiting room and in the hallway, too, was filled with people, by the time I was seen for a blood test. If I was told at check-in, that it was at least an hour and a half out, I would've sent my husband to get an errand done, I would've brought something to keep me occupied (yeah, I went through my purse, to organize it) and I wouldn't have been so antsy. It was a long while that people were being called back there. One guy left (carrying his bike wheel), and he had an appointment! After a while, some other people checked to see when they would be seen, including me. The rep told me that it would be about 15 minutes more because three people were in front of me (that didn't seem so bad, right, but it was actually 30 minutes). Someone told us that she was taking a urine test, so she was holding it (poor thing). I'd never seen it this packed before and I've been here many, many times (another reason for the 4 stars).Once I was called back there, the phlebotomist told me that everyone left and didn't volunteer even after seeing that the waiting room was filled almost to capacity. She asked me to make sure that my information was correct on the label (that's new). Also, I was asked to sign a form (that's new too). She was very nice. Also, the lady checking people in, was going back there, too, since she was also a phlebotomist- talk about double-duty. So the line to check-in got pretty long too.There is a security guard in a little office to the right, upon entering the building.In a nutshell: clean location, with many seats available, courteous staff, ample parking lot, open on weekends (get here early).
2	They don't accept appointments for lab work. So, you have to get there and hope the line isn't bad. We got there, checked in and were told it would be 1-1.5 hours.2.5 hours later, the 3 minute test was completed.Now, while we were waiting, playing games on our phones, we heard the wait time estimation grow and grow. One gentleman made a comment that didn't catch my hear, the worker lady laughed at him/what he said, he grew rather angry. He observed that laughing at him was not very professional and was quite rude. She replied that she agreed with him and if he could get them more help by complaining to management to go for it, but she knows nothing will happen, so she laughed.If we have to go here again, we will try for a late, late night stop during one of their few 24 hour days to see if that can speed up the visit.
4	Saturday morning.Come on Saturday morning. Usually a pleasant staff who tries to work as efficiently as possible to get the line going.You can also make an appointment via online or phone.Can't complain.
2	It serves its purpose....point blank and period.
1	AWFUL!!!!  Very unorganized.....does not deserve the one star
5	saturday morning gettting lab work done.. Fast & found a vein easy.  Time to come here is saturday.. no pain.. quick & easy!'
4	Looks from outside completely empty, no cars in the parking lot, and walk in... BAM!!! A FULL HOUSE!!!The wait didn't bother me as I'm here to have people draw my blood, not order a number 3 with fries and a shake. When I did got in after about an hour, they are quick and painless, then I went to BurgerKing and got my number 3 and fries no shake thou.My advice don't go here at 9:00 am on a Tuesday ;D
4	In and out easy peesy no wait really quick, the gal that took my blood was quick and almost pain free. So far so good!
1	Had a bad experience with a nurse that drew my blood. She was very rude and had no gentle bone in her body. My veins are really big and easy to find. When she stuck me with the needle, it hurt really bad and I told her but she got angy and said I can complain to her boss. The other nurses that have drawn my blood are gentle and do not hurt me. I spoke to the manager and they said they would look into it. I hope that they actually will because this is really bad and rude service. My arm has a 6"bruse where she stuck me with the needle. I won't be back.
5	Wow.  Open on Sunday.  Went in for pre-op blood work and signed in and took us back immediately.  Didn't even have a chance to sit down in the waiting room.     Fantastic service.
2	After waiting 45 minutes and being turned down at another Quest location for not having the special specimen tubes needed for a special blood test I was already annoyed. I drove to this location which was easy to find. The parking lot is ample. Main entrance has a large waiting area. Front desk personnel were very polite also. I read reviews that waits are long but fortunately I did not have to wait another 45 minutes. I was called in after 20 minutes which I considered decent because there was a lot of other people waiting. So why do I rate this Quest location with only 2 stars after all the positives? Well because employees spend their whole day drawing blood from people you would think they were good at it and efficient?Some people are easy to draw blood from but on occasion you will get your "hard stickers" and you expect these guys to have enough experience for those cases since they do this all day right?Truth is, in my experience, I got the worst employee of the month! I handed her my order and she said my blood test where rare so she struggled in the computer trying to figure out how to order the test. The supervisor had to come in and help with my order. Then she took my arm and felt my veins, she stuck me once on the left arm and spent a whole minute fishing my vein with the needle. She had to pull out once she didn't find the vein and moved on to my right arm. She stuck my right arm and continued to fish around until she almost made me pass out from a vasovagal attack! So because I was getting a leukemia/lymphoma test she preceded to tell me there was something wrong with my blood. Really? Poor excuse to justify you suck and very unprofessional!!! I had to seat around and wait another 20 minutes until their best blood drawer was available. Since I was feeling nauseous the horrid employee decided to uncover the garbage can in case I needed to vomit and she put the garbage lid over all the sterile tubes!!! Needless to say the next technician that came to my aid was pretty angry about the garbage lid. It took the second technician less then 10 minutes to withdraw my blood and she only poked me once and it was painless. Her name I think is Zee? Either way she was awesome so that's where the extra star comes from. Getting poked 3 times is not ideal or what you expect from a professional lab.
1	My husband had to do blood work and urine sample this morning. We made an appointment on line for 6 am. He went and had great service,Unfortunately he had to bring back the urine sample later this morning. He had completed the paperwork, sample in the sealed plastic bag. We returned about 8:30 am to drop off the package. The person at the front desk was plain RUDE. He should have been able to drop off the package without waiting or a smart Mouth! Instead he was told if he couldn't wait till she took care of about 20 patients he should do what ever he needed to do.Why they don't have a basket next to her with a sign that's says "Lab Samples only" so no one waits or bothers that desk person. Since she has NO customer service maybe she needs to be replaced! Lots of people are looking for work.
