5	Great Way to Spend a Saturday AfternoonWe went on the Tour de Food Uptown this Saturday after my daughter gifted me with tickets.  We met at the 7th Street Market where James took us under his wing.  It was my first visit to the market, so that was a plus.  We visited Viva Raw and Pure Pizza at this stop.  While Viva Raw is interesting, it really shouldn't be part of a food tour.  Pure pizza was one of the best pizzas I have ever put in my mouth.  They gave us the pesto pizza.  I am a purist with pizza and usually only like the classics.  This pizza was something I would make a special trip for.  Excellent crust.  We then meandered toward Wooden Vine tapas and wine bar while learning interesting bits about Charlotte history from our personable guide.  Wooden Vine was a wonderful find and new to me -- we have already made a return visit.  After that, we headed toward Amelies for sweet goods.  Amazing salted caramel brownie. On to Valhalla for a walk that highlighted the new ball field and Bearden Park.  We tried Norwegian Sliders which were good. Next we were treated well at Mimosa Grill where we had a plate that included lobster bisque, gnocchi, and crab salad.  It was excellent.  We heard from the chef and were given a coupon for a future visit. Finally we ended up at Roosters Uptown where we enjoyed a charcuterie board with housemade smoked meats.  Very good! I highly recommend Tour de Food.  I have lived here 20 years and learned a great deal about Charlotte on the tour.  I hope that the tour operators reconsider the inclusion of a juice bar on a food tour and encourage the chefs to take a minute to speak to the tour guests who can become ambassadors for their business.  We heard from the chefs at Wooden Vine, Mimosa Grill, Roosters, and Viva Raw.  It enhanced those visits a great deal
5	One of our local friends recommended the Tour de Food as an activity while we were in Charlotte on a Girls' Weekend. We feel it was worth the money and time. The tour guide was very friendly and knowledgeable. I agree that Viva Raw didn't really fit in with the rest of the tour; but raw juices are all the rage right now. And they were tasty. So, we weren't mad that it was part of the tour.The Charlotte facts we picked up on the way between stops were interesting and easy to remember. We went to most of the places listed by other reviewers and the food was divine at each location. This was a great way to spend an afternoon as a tourist. It would be nice if each location offered a coupon or discount if you come back after the tour. Though, that didn't stop us from returning the next morning for brunch at Mimosa Grill. (Go there. Go there, now.)Worth the time and money.
