3	A fairly non-descript neighbourhood pub. The drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is what you'd expect from any other pub: good enough to hit the spot and soak up the booze, but unremarkable enough that it won't leave you with any impressions.Given the neighbourhood, it's the only thing pub-like nearby, and a safe bet it that's what you're looking for.
4	My review may be a little biased because I was a little tipsy when we got here, but I ordered the chicken fajitas without cheese or tortillas. I was pleasantly surprised that it was fresh and delicious! Price was good and the salsa was actually really incredible? It wasn't all overly salty and the veggies and chicken were fresh and yummy. I really enjoyed it.We were served all night by the infamous Jerry, and as always he was great and never stopped smiling and I think I ended up drinking a bottle of gin by myself. We had a blast! He and the female bartender who was very nice and I think I hit on were a great duo and handled the surprisingly packed place efficiently! I look forward to going back next time I'm up there. Away from the crowded downtown but still a lot of fun because you can have a blast without being molested by the 18 year old tourists!
5	I enjoy my visits to the pub. The staff are great guys (& gals) and Sundays are chicken wing nights that tend to perk up my weekend. They used to have great jazz Thursdays as well, shows how dynamic the small space can be. It's a really inviting setup that seems to suit every season better than the last.Food: 9/10Service: 9/10Price: 9/10Atmosphere: 10/10
4	Really cool bar in NDG. Nice staff, always open, good drinks, nice food options. Good size: cozy, but not tiny. Nice layout and location. Staff also nice. Though it gets too loud for my taste on sports nights.This and Honey Martins hugely contribute to making NDG a great place to live.
5	Love love love this place. Hidden gem in ndg. High energy staff, small but mega solid menu. A charming little pub.
5	Was visiting in town for two weeks and was trying quite a few pubs/bars in the area and made my way to this place. The staff was very personable and very attentive. My second visit there I met Jay the bar manager and was hooked. I ended up going 3 times in the last week i was there. i ate a meal every time and was never let down. The chili that was recommended was amazing. The bar tenders were some of the best I have dealt with along with the atmosphere. Met great people every time I was there and met some people I plan to come back and visit. If you are in the area this is a great place to stop by.
