5	There's nothing like a fat burrito on a Saturday morning!!I love a good burrito when I'm hungover, and I don't like to walk into a crowded shop and wait 20 min for it. This BE is small and fast. They have tables outside, and they are hooked onto a gas station which is majorly convenient. They also have a pretty good size delivery area, AND no delivery charge... love it. Get the green salsa, its mild but awesome.I haven't tried a burrito from here that I didn't like; the only downfall is that they are closed Sundays, and weekends are my chill food days.
2	Ordered delivery and of course they get the order wrong after correcting him twice on the phone.  Food pretty much sucked. Would not call it authentic or fresh. Burritos were dry. Your better off going to taco bell.  Never will go here again.
2	Ehh.. it's okay. I've tried a breakfast burrito, Red Chile and Green Chile Burrito, more scalding as in temperature than anything. I've had better. They only accept CASH.
5	We were really impressed.  Great food and quality.   We will be eating here often.  They even deliver.  Awesome!  Totally recommend
5	This place is awesome! Where else can you find a place that delivers breakfast burritos? Not to mention that the food is EXCELLENT! I got the bacon and egg breakfast burrito as well as the supreme breakfast burrito and they were both awesome. Lastly, the customer service is awesome and the guy is always very friendly. 5 stars!
4	This is a great quick and easy burrito place. It's attached to the circle K gas station and makes it convenient to grab a snack if you're in a rush. Food is always good for a quick little joint like this. Not overly greasy or anything. The horchata is delicious and one of my favs! Everything we've had there has been good. They also have corn tortillas and can make things relatively gluten free, if you aren't concerned about contamination or trace ingredients. The cash only is a bit annoying, but hey its right next to a gas station which has an ATM inside..sooo not too bad. Give this place a try if you're in the mood for some quick mexican food
1	I didn't even order from this place but i will never go there. I was walking out of the gas station on Sunday and I over heard an argument with a guy that works there and a customer over salsa the guy at the counter came around and got in the face of the customer and looked like he wanted to fight him throwing out f bombs left and right. In front of 4 other customers waiting to order and pick up their orders. I'm ok with standing up for yourself but the argument started because the customer asked for salsa and the worker yelled and told him he had to pay for it. Worst customer service I have ever seen and I hope the kid gets fired.
4	Nothin' fancy, just a quickie burrito take-out place that serves up your basics for large portions at a reasonable price. They serve breakfast burritos all day, so I went for the supreme breakfast burrito ($4.50). It was a large burrito filled to the brim with ham, strips of bacon, egg, and potato. It was delicious, and I gobbled up every bit! Cash only, so come prepared.
2	The burritos are good enough when you're craving breakfast and can't get away from work. I use them about once every couple of weeks. The service our horrible. Almost every time I call I get put on hold only to never get answered. I call back and finally get my order in. If there was another place that delivered I would go there.
5	This place has the very best breakfast burritos you will ever have, under $5huge filling and always cooked perfectly......fantastic~~
5	Breakfast burrito..potato, egg, cheese with green sauce is the best.
1	This place is awful. The guys running this place is a joke. I called three times, and three times they left me on hold for 5 minutes at a time. They are unprofessional and a fine example of why some people shouldn't make more than minimum wage. This place used to be good, but I will never give them my money again
1	Nasty, nasty, nasty! We got delivery awhile back and not only did it take forever but the food was horrid. The enchilada sauce was super thin with NO flavor at all. Don't get me started on the beans with way too much salt and chunky pieces. Stay away- you have been warned!
3	Easy and quick. This is a typical burrito shop. It's connected to a gas station which feels a little sleazy but honestly it's pretty decent. I usually get the steak and egg burrito because it just hits the spot for me. It's just your typical Mexican food. No frills and nothing amazing. Be prepared because it's cash only. If you really don't have cash, then just buy something small at the gas station and get some cash out. No biggie. Enjoy!
4	This place is great! A burrito shack & circle k gas in one stop! Where else can you stop and get gas for yourself and your car in one stop? Fill up your car and try the breakfast burrito supreme...you & your car will be gas-ed for the whole day.
1	Tried this place for the first time. The order taker seemed annoyed I was taking him away from whatever he was doing. I ordered an egg, potato, and cheese burrito. It was awful. The potatoes were a gross purplish/brown color and just didn't taste right. I threw it away after the second bite.
5	I eat here a couple times a month.  Their steak potato and cheese burrito is my favorite.  I've also had the green chile burrito that is really good.  Always fast service and it's all for a good price.  This place is defiantly worth trying out.
5	I really like this place!  It's good, cheap, simple food and the staff is friendly.  I love the tostados!   They are crispy and crunchy and just delicious.  Try this place, you will love it!
5	For a "fast food" type place.. This is definitely a five star. Food tastes incredibly good for such a decent price. Staff was fast, friendly and polite. All of the food is freshly made.. Come on... Total 5 stars good!!
4	The food is good cheap Mexican food. Dicey for sure. We love coming here! The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I've been here multiple times were the cashier is using inappropriate language (not directed at me) while I'm standing there paying for my order. It's unprofessional and rude. We like to order the rolled tacos, bean and cheese burrito, quesadilla, green chile burrito, carne Assad burrito, and bacon potato and egg breakfast burrito. Try the food if you're in the area! Just expect a long wait. Sometimes we just call ahead and then the wait time is super short.
