3	I've had Freddy's about 3 times now. I did not like their burgers at all. I;ve tried them differently each visit and thought there was nothing remarkable or unique that made it stand out from other burgers. Their custard is pretty good... rich, thicky and creamy but again not mind blowing. Only thing I thought was really good were their fries. These are crispy, well seasoned, shoe string fries and they are great with some of their fry sauce.
1	I didn't have a good experience here, although my Daughter suggest we try Freddies, cause she had eaten at the Gilbert location and said it was so good. This one by the Chandler Mall had cold fries, and since I was in a hurry I didn't ask for new one's, We also ordered Chicago Style Hotdogs and a Steak burger, well the Chicago Hotdog wasn't Chicago at all, I'm from Southwest MI just across the Lake from Chicago and know that even the Hotdog they used here wasn't the ones they use and the toppings were not authentic either. My malt didn't taste like it had any malt in it. The malt taste like a very chocolatly frosty from Wendys! Oh! I think the bun on the hotdog was to be toasted and buttery but since they used regular pickle relish it soaked the bread and was soggy. My Husband said the steak burger was way too thin to taste. I don't think I'll be back. I will however go and try out their sundae's maybe. They looked pretty good.
5	Ordered the #1. Burger was delicious. Patties are super thin...... never had a patty like this before.....loved it! Shoestring fries were were crispy and well seasoned. Root beer was not mixed properly, but who cares since the food was so damn good! I definately  recommend eating here!
2	This is my first visit here, passed by several times. It's an OK place, Average burger really.  What sets them apart is the thin grilled burger, but not to my liking.  They do appear to have a lot of interesting ice cream dishes.This place is a head above Smash Burger which is real greasy.  So maybe give this joint a try if you like thin grilled burgers.
4	This is the 3rd Freddy's I've visited and this one is just as delectable as the others.  They specialize in thin patty burgers, so of course I always go the double patty route.  Their burger seasoning is exceptional and their fries are second only to the aioli seasoned fries as Smashburger.  Plus they give you quite a few of those tasty,crispy shoestring fries, whereas Smashburger seems to ration out its fries (yeah, I'm talking to you Smashburger on Baseline and Rural!)  I've also had their Chicago style hot dog (tasty with all the toppings) and their patty melt (again tasty, but not as good as their burgers).  I have not yet had their frozen custard, so I have some homework to do.The location is clean, new, well lit and the employees are friendly and helpful.  They'll pick up your tray after your done eating.  Better yet, order to go and sneak a delicious burger and fries into a movie at Harkins.  **Tip**Don't even try parking in their lot if you are not eating there.  They have a security guard on duty and he shows no mercy and take no prisoners.
3	Stopped in for lunch. Not too far from my office. The place had a few customers, but was not very crowded.The burger was ok, the hot dog was good, and the fries were crispy, but thin. Not my thing. Prefer the thicker fries.All around there are better choices - Five Guys, The Habit, and Smashburger.
4	I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really enjoyed it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my "hood" I was excited.  My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint!  The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.  I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.  And don't forget to try the shoestring fries.  I usually like thicker fries but these are nice and crispy and delicious!  I'm so glad Freddy's took over this location.
4	Freddy's is fanastic!  My first ever Freddy's experience.  Prior to zooming on over to Freddy's I just had a small cup of gelato at Angel Sweet, prior to that I just finished up a great and filling meal at Big Buddha in Surprise RIGHT AFTER eating sooo much food at Surprise Stadium during the A's and Royals spring training game (some sort of bbq sandwich, french fries, ice cream, hot dog, etc.) !  What a great day topped off with some Freddy's.  (Hehe)On the menu for two:1.  vanilla custard with gummy worms (We originally wanted a mix-in but the lovely cashier told us that the machine was kind of iffy at swirling the gummy worms so he suggested a cheaper option of just getting it as like a sundae with gummy worms on top.  Helpful worker!)2.  chocolate custard with almond mix-in3.  chicago dog4.  regular hamburger.. I forgot the name.. whooops5.  patty meltTo be quite honest, for being famous for their custards.. I wasn't really feeling it.  Just tasted like a little more premium soft serve, but whatever.  Just not my style really.  Sweets are one thing, but a good 'ol greasy savory thing of meat is definitely more appealing to me in the first place!  Chicago dog was great.  Burger was great.  Patty melt, also great.  I think I first found Freddy's online at the mall's website.  Freddy's is actually not inside the mall, but just right on the outside of it next to the movie theatre in a stand-alone building.  Clean looking facilities.  Great service!  Shout out to our great cashier for looking out for customer's wallets.  Oh and also, they have one order pick-up for the desserty custards and a separate one for the hot food!  Definitely would want more Freddy's if it were available to me!
4	The chocolate custard gets 5 stars. It's what keeps me coming back. And how awesome is that little "mini" size so I don't get crazy and eat a HUGE Chocolate Malt (which I can, but don't want to!). Lots of malt, rich chocolate flavor--YUM-ME!!!As for their burgers, just okay for me. They're the flattened out, cube-steak style, which is Meh but I do love the big pickle and onion slices. 3 stars.Shoestring fries are also not my thing so I'll pass on those next time and try the onion rings. Maybe a Patty Melt is in my near future...'cause I know I'm going back for that chocolate custard!
1	My apologies to FUDDRUCKERS! My wife and I were headed there when we saw this place and decided to try it. Here is what we think--worst food ever. STEAKburger is wafer thin and dripping with icky stuff onto our napkin. French fries were bad and I stuck one into the straw I had--it fit with no problem. We wonder how long it will be before this loser goes broke.FUDDRUCKERS, WE WILL SEE YOU SOON!BOB STEPHENS
5	I've eaten here a few more times since the review and their burgers and shoestring fries are some of the best (and cheapest) around.  Their Freddy Sauce is a newfound joy to my tastebuds.....now if they only served beer!
5	Burgers and frozen custard are staples. The hot dogs are top notch!
3	Goof enough hot dog and interesting burger. The hot dog consist of pickels, chiili, and onion. The burger meat itself is not a patty but rather ground meat fused together. The fries are thin but better tasting than most fast food. Well if you had to chose between fast food and this...pick Freddy's.
4	My family and I really enjoyed Freddy's.
4	Freddy's has some of the best frozen custard in the valley. Their custard is rich and creamy. They also have very good burgers. Don't care for the shoe string fries though.This location is a good one to go to. I ordered a sundae and it was a good portion size along with good amount of nuts on top. Don't go to the location on Gilbert and Williams Field - I ordered the same sundae at this location and they really shorted me. My ice cream cup was not full and they only gave me 5 or 6 nuts literally. I would recommend this location.
5	Ever eat at a Steak 'n Shake?  That's what Freddy's is: a Steak 'N Shake kind of burger and it's delicious! I liked the fries too: very thin, perfectly hot, not too much salt.Nice people, the manager made it a point to get me my meal hot-off-the-grill, even though I came ahead of the "call" and again he met me while he was cleaning tables.  {See my review of "The Habit": their manager never greets customers, can't solve problems from behind a door, always hiding in his office.}  Freddy's Manager was OUTFRONT, ALL THE TIME, WORKING HARD!  Great burger.  Next time I'll get the frozen custard.  I was too full from my triple cheese, CALIFORNIA STYLE-BABY!
4	My all time favorite Fast Food Hamburger is Steak & Shake - none in Arizona.Freddie's is close! With that wonderful crust like coating on the Burger, which I have had in several iterations. My favorite "Test" of a fast food burger is how it holds up with only two simple additions - pickles and mustard. Only two until now can withstand this test and still deliver taste - Steak and Shake and Fuddruckers. Now Freddie's has become my favorite Arizona Fast Food Hamburger.Want to go for the gusto? Try the Triple. More taste than one can handle!Oh, the French Fries are absolutely terrific, if you like the really skinny kind, which I do.Have tried the Chicago Hot Dog - nothing special.The Custard? It is indeed richer and creamier than regular Ice Cream, but I seldom have room for it. Taste, Taste, Taste! WONDERFUL!Nice friendly employees as well and every time (several by now) I have been, a Manager comes to ask if everything is to our satisfaction, in a very clean and nice environment.
5	The first time I went here they messed up everything. I called them and the Manager told me to come back in. We got free food and Whatever else we wanted off the menu. This Place has great customer service.
4	The burgers and fries here are pretty good, but the custard sundaes and concret mixers are amazing. The PBC & B i will go back for over and over again as well as try the other items. Great place.
4	This is a great place for lunch or dessert.Thier hotdogs are really good, served in split top buns (which are the best IMO). Along w/ their shoestring fries, its a great combo. I still havent tried their burgers, but my husband really likes them. Their custard is really good as well. And for those who are wary of trying it because its called "custard", relax its just ice cream. Its a little bit thicker and richer than traditional soft serve, but it is go-od. They also have a variety of toppings to choose from, so trust me youll never know the difference.
4	They have veggie burger!!! Although the textures kinda dry, but I would like to go back to this place for 'no-meat' burger!The french fries was great!!!
4	We decided to give this place a try last night since they opened almost a year ago and we hadn't been in. Plus we just wanted a fast cheap meal without having to cook and without having to eat at McDonald's or Wendy's. Upon entering we were asked if this was our first time and had the whole menu explained to us. The burgers are cooked very thin on purpose and they offer shoe string fries or onion rings to go with them. They also have hot dogs and chicken choices. We both ordered a burger, fries, and a drink. Prices aren't bad, they're about average. We had a 25% off coupon so it was just over $10. After you order they offer you some fry sauce and have a special seasoning blend you can sprinkle onto your food. Everything was great! The burgers were very tasty as are the fries. Actually we both really loved the fries! They do offer frozen custard with lots of toppings to choose from. We didn't get any. We're the kind of people that are always blown away by prices for ice cream at eateries and would rather just buy it at the grocery store. Anyhow, we'll definitely be back. It's a nice change from the usually fast food joints.
1	Absolutely horrid. Uber thin burger that tastes like liver with plastic cheese topping.French fries were ok, but small on portion.
3	Decent food and wait times but I really live Freddys for their French fries and sauce.
4	Very nice customer service, food is not bad. I personally like bigger cut fries.
1	The burgers are too thin and too boring to be so expensive. Don't really want my meat to crunch either. I gave it two chances but now I'm out.
5	My family and I are regulars at Freddy's.  The managers know me as the celery salt gal because I love in on their french fries and everything else for that matter.   They have treated my family and I very well.  The customer service is above and beyond any fast food place I have ever seen.   Although we only make it in a couple times of month the know my order.   I love the number 4.   Their chilli cheese dogs are great and the even toast the bun.  I always take the burger home and eat the next day.   When it comes to custard you can not go wrong with the Hawaiian delight.  Just a tip get it with pecans and butterscotch sauce.  It is amazing.
3	Better than average burger.  I had the green chile cheeseburger combo.  I did like the crispiness to the burger.  The were a bit on the greasy side, but had good taste.  The fries are so small but have good flavor.  Not the best fast food burger but definitely ahead of most of them.
2	Very professional, kind and passionate staff. The burgers however are just not my taste. Thin, well done and free of any juices.
4	Let me start off by saying EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Yes this is a fast food joint, but you would never know it, every single one of the employees is extremely polite and helpful.  I even heard a few thank yous! I love excellent customer service!I took my oldest daughter out for a mom daughter night out on the town, and she picked Freddy's for dinner, now I have never been here but was up for trying something new and pretty proud of her for picking some place she hasn't been before, she is the pickiest eater out of all my kids. So I went willingly and with a smile.From the menu you can tell they have a lot of frozen custard desserts to choose from, I not liking ice cream/froze custard did with out but my daughter did try the Hawaiian delight, which did look appealing. She loved it.For the burger I went with the double steakburger California style, its 2 patties, Freddy's sauce, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes side of fries and a drink.   Never had a steakburger before so I was unsure what I was getting into, the texture is different than a regural burger, and more on fried side then I like , the bun was fresh and held it  together. This burger was a messy but good burger. Maybe could have been hit with more sauce.   Well the fries, I didn't care for them, but its because I am not a fan of shoestring fries.  What are those? How can they even be called fries?  Personally my favorite fries are the steak fries, I like knowing I am eating a potato damnit! Shoestring is just a waste of time for me haha. But if your into them, then you will love them, they were perfectly cooked, not too fried not to soft.  Over all, I liked it, I don't think I would get the fries again, but I wouldn't mind trying another burger.
5	By now we've visited Freddys at least a dozen times or more. The staff is always friendly, the environment is always clean and upbeat, and the food is always consistently good. Fyi, we're pretty addicted to their fries, not sure why but they're so damn good. Maybe the seasoning is laced with crack, I don't know but they're awesome!
2	The place was ok. Wasn't too sure about the burgers since it seemed like it was really thin and over fried. The taste is unique so I guess it is a good thing if you are into that. I prefer thicker patties.A little pricey... not as good as In N Out in my opinion. And for the price, also not as good as Steak N Shake (which comes with fries with your order) for the same price.
5	My new favorite place.. I have been waiting for a chili burger like in LA.  Must get the chili added to anything.   Shoestring fries are awesome... I prefer the original over the California burger. The bun is great.  Place is clean and customer service is excellent.  I will be back.
3	I came here yesterday for the first time and thought, wow Culver's has merged with Portillo's. Then my food came and realized it was more like a takeoff of Steak 'n Shake.The atmosphere at Freddy's is very much like a cross between Johnny Rockets (lots of shinny nickel) and Steak 'n Shake. Actually when I think of it, Steak 'n Shake is more like Johnny Rockets, LOL. I believe my friends Kay and Monica are both right; with reality for me somewhere between their two reviews.  Granted I only had a Chicago Dog ($3.39), a Chili Dog ($3.59), a medium drink ($1.79) but the tab was a bit pricey at $9.48. Because the tube steaks are Vienna Beef, their taste is very good. The Chili dog was tasty, but I'll skip their Chicago interpretation next time. It comes on a Nedick's (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nedick's) like toasted slice bread bun, where the dog is trying to escape the toppings (see photos) The hot dogs also appear to be only #10s (10 to the pound), so I'll go with the burgers next time. If Freddy's was only a hot dog place, I probably would skip it in the future. But I enjoyed myself and want to try those steakburgers. Again, think Steak 'n Shake but without the Five-Way ChiliSo Three Stars "A-Okay and I'll give Freddy's another try in a few weeks.
5	So...I've been just sitting here...reading the reviews. And the 1star reviews? Gotta be kidding!  I think there was one comparing Freddy's to Fuddruckers. No comparison. Quality versus quantity. I'll go quality every time. I'm originally from St. Louis. The reviews comparing Freddy's to Steak 'n Shake are right on. It's that same burger that I used to watch being cooked (as a kid in the 60's.)  But the really cool surprise was the frozen custard. Oh my gosh!  Again, the St. Louis tradition was Ted Drewes frozen custard. I used to wait in this  super huge long line to be served. They owned the market. And I've never had anything even close... Until now. Freddy's nailed that one too!!Yeah... An easy 5 star review. (Wish I could give 6 stars as a bonus for the super friendly staff)
5	For a fast food hamburger joint, I really like Freddy's.  It tastes and feels different than your normal McDonalds and Burger King. The hamburgers are really good but be warned the patty itself is super skinny.  Also, they have the skinny french fries which I prefer over the fat ones!   If you have room after your meal, try the frozen custard.  I usually have a mix of chocolate and vanilla, bet they have many options to suit your taste.This restaurant (fast food) reminds me of a place from back east called Friendlys..not sure if they are still around.
4	First time here, only went through drive through. I only had the hot dog but I was thoroughly impressed. Perhaps the best hot dog I have had in quite a while.
4	Good all around place for pleasure (bad) eating. You got your burgers, fries and then custard all in one spot.Burgers are tasty and have the nice flattop type char. Meat is super thin so you gotta do a double at minimum and the triple is really just about a normal double. But the flavor of the burgers are very good with the normal pickle/onion (grilled or fresh) lettuce and tomato toppings (depending on which type of burger you choose).Fries are the skinny shoestring type fries which are actually really good and crispy. They are also great as chili fries as well. They have a nice seasoned salt you can put on them which adds extra flavor. They also have fry sauce (mayo/ketchup kinda deal) which is good.Then come the custard which is really good. Chocolate or vanilla in all the variety you want: cones, sundaes, concretes etc. The turtle sundae is awesome.Fast food type joint kinda fashioned in the old diner style.
5	Yum!!! Burger's a little wimpy, so I'd get 2 patties next time. Turtle sundae is to die for!!
5	Great food great price, helpful staff, even the manager keeps the place clean. If you eat here, try the fry sauce with the fries instead of ketchup.
5	Craig and the team have a clean, friendly environment and were outstanding at explaining an educating us on our first visit. I had the double original, great burger great fries... Highly reccomended.
2	2 or 2.5.  Eh....I don't think I can do it ever again.  I've tried Freddy's 3 times just to be sure and give them a fair shake.  The first bit is some social commentary.  Feel free to move on down to the meat of the review.  (See what I did there.  I did it twice).  Are you bored?  Lonely?  Needy?  Well the new captive audience for you folks can be found in the nearest drive-thru.  Feel free to pull up and order 4 or 5 combos with TONS of modifications, and then add a few more random, single items just to prolong the conversation.  All told, you should be able to get someone's undivided attention for at least 20 minutes.  If you are really feeling in need of attention, please ask the person at the window all kinds of questions about when the mall opens, what stores are inside, and if they have ever tried Famous Dave's.  You could probably stretch that out to a full half hour of attention.  Please ignore the blonde woman behind you mocking you and yelling out, "Are you sure you're finished?  There are 2 items on the menu you didn't order!"  OK.  I've only fantasized about doing that last part, but it's bound to happen if I'm ever in the perfect vortex of PMS, bladder capacity, sleep deprivation, and hunger.Anyway, I've tried the burgers and dogs and shakes 3 times.  All have been a disappointment for the most part.  The first time I got the patty melt and it was really really greasy, but I was really, really hungry and I ate it anyway and boy oh boy did I pay the price.  Lost 10 lbs. that weekend.  I also ordered a chocolate malt and it was watery and had very little flavor.Second time I ordered the combo with the regular hot dog and it was ok.  And Mr. M ordered the Freddy's Original double.  The fries were very greasy, but the dog was ok.  I thought about going back for a hot dog, but not a burger.  The burger was so greasy it was inedible.  Mr. M ended up getting a burger from Wendy's.  Then I went back for the 3rd and final time and ordered a dog again with a little mustard and a little relish.  There was a huge amount of relish under the dog and the bun was hard and crumbly.  That didn't stop me from eating the wiener.  You know it.  The ice tea was ok.  The staff has always been friendly, but I just don't think I can do it again.  I have had better.
2	Ugh. I know, I know, this is fast food... what do you expect? Answer - at least as good as McDonalds (which this really wasn't... eek!). I went with a class from work, and I will say, the employees were awesome... friendly, patient, and helpful. Additionally, they were having a fundraiser for brain tumor research, which is great. The food, on the other hand, was pretty awful. It reminded me why fast food isn't a good thing. I had a cheeseburger with grilled onions and the thing was a salt bomb.... from the first bite all I could taste was the salt. I should've gotten a hot dog... props for using Vienna Beef! I tried a fry and it was chewy and sad, especially for a shoestring, which is usually awesome. Probably wouldn't come back here, sorry guys!
5	YUM! My favorite place to go for a burger! Reminds me of steak and shake back in the mid-west. The onion rings are wonderful too. they also have the shoe string fries like steak and shake. Their custard is ok, but honestly, culvers has them beat there. Overall, great burger spot. No complaints.
4	Freddy's is delicious!  Burgers are tasty and the bun is light.  The thinly cut fries dipped in their "fry sauce" is oh-so-good!  Plus it's super convenient being next to the Harkins Theatres.
