1	This happened about two months ago, but I wasn't on Yelp at the time so I thought I'd share now.I stopped in at the Petsmart at ChrisTown Mall to return an item I had previously purchased, but that our cats did not like (a freshwater drinking fountain). However, because the item was over $50, the cashier had to call for a manager's approval. Despite the fact that there were supposedly 3 managers on duty, the cashier had to get on the PA 3-4 times and it took 10-12 minutes for one of the managers to come forward. During the time this took, the cashier was becoming extremely agitated - apologizing to me and complaining about the store managers and how lazy they were.Eventually, when the manager walked by, the cashier had to flag her down and she acted as if she was surprised that she was needed. I was tempted to say "didn't you hear the multiple PA announcements asking for a manager to come to the front?" but I bit my tongue.As the cashier was finally giving my refund, the other two managers came sauntering up the main aisle talking to each other and ignoring everything else.Overall it was one of the worst examples of customer service I have ever seen and I will not return to this store.
5	I actually had the opposite experience as Brad H (see his review on 7/10/08). I want to compliment two of the cashiers/regular workers and one of the managers. I wanted to buy a cat tower but I noticed that one of them had fur on it already! And you know how territorial cats are, my cat probably wouldn't want anything to do with it if it had already been scented. So I asked a nice young gal about how they sold them and if we are supposed to carry off what's displayed or if they are in the back somewhere in boxes. She said whatever is out on the floor is all they have usually unless they have a couple extras in the very top shelves. She offered to call her manager for me and I accepted. The manager came immediately and was helpful and friendly. She offered to give me a discount on the one that had fur on it and she also went to see if there were extras in those top-shelf areas. There were, but I felt bad (and didn't have much time) making her get someone with a forklift to get it down and go through all that trouble. Anyway, I ended up getting a different one that had no trace of "being tested out" -- which isn't actually allowed, so someone must have snuck their animal onto that other one or something. She helped me carry mine to the register. Then to top it off, the cashier helped me not only carry it out to my car, but spent like 5 minutes out there in the AZ heat with me as we figured out how to fit the darn thing in my car! She was friendly and happy to help the whole time. Overall I am really satisfied with my time spent there and even though all Petsmarts have pretty expensive items, their people make it worth the experience.
5	Good job!It's mid day Saturday 2 weeks before x mas.Smiling staff greeting customers as they're ringing up sales?Check.Abundant staff all acknowledging customers where ever they see them?Check.Guy busy unloading pallets of dog food,stop to smile,say "Hello" and ask if I needed any assistance?Check.Store spotless and neatly arranged?Check check...Petsmart,kudos on being well prepared for the hollerday crush!
2	Of the 3 scheduled appointments I have made to this banfield, they have been at minimum 30 minutes late each time (the longest being an hour).  Again, these were not walk-ins but scheduled appointments.  Once, I can understand, stuff happens.  But three times and you've got a systemic problem that needs addressing. I wish I could say that it's due to incredible bedside service. But I suspect that it's due to poor scheduling and staff utilization.
5	Okay,this update is for 2 specific incidents with 2 very different outcomes,but the weaker is cancelled by the stellar leaving my review at 5 stars.I wanted to get dogface one of those "I'm a big scary dog" spiked collars.They're like 60 clams.(a better spent 60 clams as opposed to the Smelly Dog 60 clam coat)Anyhoo.This is in Criptown Maul,so they lock the good shit up.Good shit being a 60 clam big scary dog spikey collar.Don't judge me...You know it's a fair statement.Even if you refuse to admit it.So,I find someone to unlock the collar to make sure it fits.Well,it don't.AND it's brown...No no no...Must not be.This must be a black leather big scary dog spikey collar.My dog will be Dog Halford.My dog will be hellbent for leather.I ask key guy if they have any in his size in black that's not locked up in the display rack.Well Lazy Farts tells me they don't make that collar any bigger and it only comes in brown...Hmmm.I doubt that.I go to another Petsmart and get it.In black,In his size.Fucker lost a 60 clam sale.Oh...and guess what...I happen to know someone in upper management in the Petsmart Corporation.Guess what he knows too now...You never know who you're waiting on Mr.Lazy Farts Key Holder...Now for part Deux of this update.On another occasion,I bring dogface to the groomie area,without an appointment or clue.(I take him to charity car washes to wash him.Cheaper than a groomie and money goes to some needy something or other.)All I need are his doenails did.They can do it!Check in groomie girl real pleasant,gave a shit,and was engaged and knowledgable.All the groomie girls were extra cool and human.You could get the idea they all went out for girls night out after work from time to time.Just the way they got along,a symbiosis if you will.So,after looking at dog's nails,she comes back and suggests a slightly different service and the reason why.Reasonable,go for it.Dog was a bit nervous,but they handled him so well.His toenails all did and nice,dog more comfy now.I will go back for that again!Oh,and he was wearing his big scary dog collar,the one they don't make in his size or black on that occasion...I didn't see Mr.Lazy Farts though.maybe he had made a bed of excelsior in the back and was sleeping on it.Tee hee hee.
4	It's fun here as we get to bring our Dog shopping in the store with us or drop him off to get groomed! Their prices aren't that much more than Walmart, but it's worth it! This store is MUCH CLEANER than Walmart & has a HUGE selection of anything Animal including animals for adoption or you can buy fish as well.My kids love it and our dog loves it as well...
1	Don't get me started with the service I have gotten recently. The "hospital" staff is the worst. Going in for an ear infection and having my gog for 6 hours, they forgot to treat the infection. They began to blame me even though I brought the dog in for a Fu^#ing ear infection. Took them another hour to. Flush the ear and ake excuses. They suck!
4	I don't know why this place only has three stars. No, it's not in the best of areas, no, it's not wag n' wash, but this PetSmart is everything it should be. The staff is outrageously friendly, and they did such a great job cutting my furball's hair. There was a sale going on too, which definitely adds to the appeal.Overall, if you're in need for a big corp pet store, this place should be on your radar.
1	I set an appointment to get my dog groomed and I get there and they wont take her because I did not have her shot records. First of all, I was not told to bring them, my dog is just a puppy and barely 4 months. 4 months is time they need proof of raibies. I talked to the manager and I told him my puppy may not evan be 4 months yet, I got her from a rescue. He wanted proof that she was under 4 months old. REALLY ! You are an idiot. I will take my dog where we will both be treated with respect. I will never go to that store again. Poor management
3	A very clean place. I only had one issue where I felt like I was being ripped off by the groomers. Pawdicure sounded like such a great package, but the groomer did one swab of the ear (no hair removal as stated [because my dog wouldnt let them]), and a nail grind... I had to go back and ask them to put the (as advertised) bandana. Waste of money, and I probably will learn how to groom myself. Overall though, prices are very reasonable for their merchandise.
3	Average location. Customer service is very hit or miss.
4	Today I took my newly adopted yellow lab in for a standard wash, condition package. Cost was less than $30. I've never taken a pet in for grooming services but Lawrence wouldn't let me wash him myself. He was a stray picked up by the county before I adopted him so I know nothing of his history. He came out happy and looking very good. They definitely met my expectations and I will use them again
1	This is for the groomers. My dog was turned away from service for barking too loudly. He's been that way for the four years I've had him, and training is not working obviously. I have never had a grooming salon turn him away for that, ever, and he's had service regularly. This was my first visit at this location and last. I'm disappointed. The groomers seemed irritated and impatient. I'm just disappointed.
