5	Classy Cuts is a wonderful doggy salon.  Virginia and her daughters do a great job and are reasonably priced.  I have been bringing my dog (past and present) to them for over 15 years.  They use to be by the Albertsons but they had to move when the changed the shopping center, now they are right by Ichabod's and the Food for Less off of Flamingo and Pecos - I have never, ever had any problems what so ever, good care, good grooming.
1	My mistake was I relied on 1 review of this place. I took off his collar the next day and saw the bad scrape they did. I know this things happen, but atleast let the owner know. and its not even the only spot. If you really love your pets don't bring them here.
4	I've had a lot of good results with these groomers.  Their prices are awesome and my dogs come back well cut.  I also noticed that my border collie wouldn't be scared or nervous, as he sometimes would at Petsmart.  He seems to love this place.  I would give them 5 stars, but sometimes it is difficult to make an appointment.  I've had a few times where I called and no one answered the phone...
1	This place was incredibly rude to my mother in law who only speaks spanish and they nearly  pushed her out the door when she couldn't explain about not having the dogs vaccination records on hand when she has been going to the same shop for as long as I can remember. I understand needing a pets papers for shots etc, but they made a 75 yet old woman break down in tears. When I came the next day, the manager couldn't be bothered to stop grooming a dog to pay attention fully to my complaint- she said my Mother in law could come back or go somewhere else- what a great customer service attitude!I would never recommend this place and the shoddy customer service and indifferent attitude will one day out this place out of business. I have half a mind to call the local tv station - this place feels pretty racist to me.
1	The worst place I have ever been to and I was actually attempted to give them a second chance. The only reason they appear to do good on social media is because of the prices. I took my dogs to them last year, never at any point was I asked for my shot records. I took one in for Grooming and a shave and the other one just for a bath. After we returned home I decided I wanted the other one shaved. I took her back the next day and then, picked her up later in the day. It was close to closing and when I went in to get her the woman seemed annoyed. I figured it was because it was the end of the day and I can relate to that so I figured "no worries". Right away I noticed she had been shaved and not even they had not even blown the hair off. I had to pat a work it off of her when we go outside. It was everywhere to say the least (including my car).  I then put my dog in my car which has light tan leather seats. Half way home I looked down at my dog and she was sitting in a small pool of blood. Come to find out her nails had been cut too high and this was causing a large amount of blood. My first reaction was to go back and ask for help, since they caused the inconvenience. When I returned to the groomers the same annoyed woman seemed even more annoyed and inconvenienced (hilarious I know) by my concern for my dog and my car that was now pretty bloody from the issue. She eventually put something on my dogs paw to help the bleeding subside and gave me some towels to clean the mess. However, never once did this woman say sorry. In fact, she giggled like a ten year old a few times because I am guessing my dogs safety and my car are a big joke. Even after this I was going to go back (I guess I am a sucker for a good deal) and just remind of what happened last time and to be careful of Ginger's nails. I made an appointment 3 DAYS in advance. I even rearranged my entire schedule and woke up at 8am after working until 3am to get them there before my day started. I called to see if they were open and the same condescending woman answered and ask about my appointment. She then told me I would need to furnish shot records. I explained that they are somewhere in a pile of things that need to be filed and I am running out of time before I need to be somewhere else. I asked if they can be faxed or email, she said "nope" and this just angered her more. I explained this was a HUGE inconvenience and I did not understand why no one had brought this up before today, at 9am, right before I was getting ready to drop them off!!!!!!! I eventually grew tired of arguing and told her to go F off (naturally) and hung up. I called back to get her name and she refused to give it to me and also said she owned the place (cough...). This place has a lot of great reviews but that trend will change with a person like that dealing with the public. What should have happened is someone should have called me prior and explained their new policy and not turned this into a grudge match between a PAYING customer and a miserable employee. Beware of this declining establishment!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Wasn't really impressed...but it was OK. Nothing special here...the service seemed a little slow and standoffish.The grooming was okThe location is ok
