4	WOW!  What a great spot!  OK yup it is the old Kalu site but not much remains except the furniture.  Fantastic new menu....we popped in this past Saturday and Sunday nights.They do valet on certain nights - check with them to make sure of which ones.  Other nights there is lot or street parking.SO FUN - the hookah lounge upstairs!!!  They have great flavors - just ask!  I had the blue raspberry hookah combo - fantastic.  Super quick and nice service.  Everyone is so sweet.Tonight i had the beef skewers app for dinner - so much food i had to take it home.  Four huge beef skewers- pita and sauce.  So fresh and delish!Wednesday half priced martinis ladies!  I will for sure be back!  :-D
4	So having lived here and walked by the old Kalu for the last six months I was thrilled to see some new life going in at this location.  We popped in only expecting to stay for one drink but low and behold my girlfriend and I ended up staying nearly all night.  Super sexy interiors give a great vibe to the place along with the upbeat music and fantastic color changing bars really do the trick for me.  All leather chairs as wells as very comfortable lounge furniture provide for a really relaxing environment.The service is great.  In particular the hookah lounge is phenomenal.  Bartenders as extra nice and guide you seemlessly through either the wine list or their bottled or draft beer selections.The food is equally impressive.  So far I've had their late night offerings of nachos and pork sliders as well as their Blue Lagoon sushi roll entree.  Both were delicious.
4	Let's give this place a chance. Word on the street is that it's nothing like Kalu. I would describe it's menu to be similar to CowFish's - it's American with Sushi. We went in a small group a received great service and food - both sushi rolls and pasta plates. The chef even came out to say hello and check on our dishes. This would be a great venu for a large group too. Two areas for improvement imho: 1) Better offerings for vegetarians/vegans 2) improved parking. The valet should be complimentary, not $10.
4	Like others have mentioned, 505e sprang up after Kalu closed. I never visited Kalu based on the difficulty in accessing it. Well, I was Uptown for an event and decided to walk over based on my dedicated following of Nobu, Sushi Chef. Nobu, who also owns Bonsai Fusion, has taken his sushi chef mastery to 505e in the evenings. The sushi bar is large and bright. The sushi is delicious, like I expected.I went on a Thursday night and when they recently opened. It's a large, well decorated space ready for lots of people to fill it up. They offer a Hookah Lounge area as well. Next time I'm in the area I'll give it another go.
4	Forget the fact that I thought this place was called SOSE. oops. We went for a birthday dinner last night and the rolls, nagiri, sashimi, and miso cod were really tasty. We ordered the party platter, cause hey, it was a party, and the portion was good enough for 4.5 people. I wasn't a big fan of the seared ahi dish, it was on the burner too long or something. They lose a half star for the bread basket that wasn't necessary mainly because it tasted like it came from across town 12 days ago, and a half star is docked for less than to-die-for desserts. Bottom line, sushi cravings will be satisfied here in the future.
4	To summarize the drinks are awesome, the service is terrific and the ambiance is beautiful
1	Read wonderful reviews on Yelp. Placed reservation on Open Table. Received confirmation. Arrived at restaurant on time. Restaurant closed!!?! Now sure why...
