1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!!This company teaches dance at my kids school. They took it upon themselves to ask the kids who wanted to dance and allowed my child to participate. They then billed me for classes she participated in and a month in advance for classes she never used. When i found out about this I called them over 15 times leaving messages telling them my daughter want not to participate and never got a phone call back. I then received a collection letter stating I owed money. BS. I tried to work out a deal with them for the classes she did participate in and they refused. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. They are a scam... They have no customer service...and the teachers aren't even certified dance instructors.
5	Thank you for the most amazing dance year, EVER!!!  We signed our daughter Katie up for dance.  However, you taught her much more.  Her recital made many of our family members cry with gratitude.  At the age of 5, Katie was able to do public speaking, dance using sign language, hula, cheer, gymnastics, and learn the proper ballet form.  We paid a great deal more at her previous dance studio and she only learned (one) dance.  The recital included beautiful costumes and stunning scenery.  Thank you for bringing such a smile to all of our faces.  Your dedication to children is very much appreciated and admired.
5	I was in Kids n Motion back in 1982 and now my two daughters attend! I would recommend this to anybody for their kids, it is such an amazing company and the staff is great!
5	I owe much of my son's agility, coordination, and athletic abilities to Kids N Motion. I enrolled my son while in Pre K all the way through 2nd grade. The instructors were wonderful to my boy and I loved hearing and seeing the tumbling and dancing routines he learned each day. With the skills he learned at KNM, he became quite the football and basketball player. Thanks, you guys, for all that you've done and the great memories!
5	My son had a great two years participating in the kids n' Motion program. Besides having fun his self-confidence has greatly increased. Thanks to the whole staff.
