4	One of the FEW remaining places that do a straight hot shave. There are other locations of V's around Phoenix who have entertainment guide coupons, this one is the one that doesn't (just my luck of course)
5	Yelpers, It's taken me a year to find this place. Back then, I (wrongly) thought that every haircut was the same, so why not go for the best price?? Trust me when I say that didn't turn out well. Seriously, I've been to just about every haircut place you can imagine in Scottsdale and this one is by far the best. Nodari is hair cutting prodigy. Come here if you're looking for skilled, professional barbers. Thanks again!
5	What a great find thanks to previous Yelpers. This is the best haircut I have had in a very long time.  Hot towel and neck/shoulder massage after my cut.  Wow you can't beat that. Well worth the couple of extra $. Wish I had a V"s back home
1	Worst service ever. I sat there waiting for the lady barber for 20 minutes and she saw me as one of her regular customers. She finished the guy in front of me and then turns to me and says, oh, sorry, I have an appointment right now.  These people give no consideration to someone else's schedule.  Won't be going back into this dump.  Get your hair cut from someplace that is much more professional.
1	Just ruined 6 months of beard growth. Instead of shaping it like I described he took the trimmer and treated it like a lawn. I didnt let him finish murdering my beard and they still had the balls to make me pay. Supercuts would have been a better choice. Its that bad.
4	Igor, the owner just sent the nicest note. As always, everyone deserves a second chance. Bottom line, don't put a lot of weight into my review below. I used to get my hair cut at V's long ago. That was a completely different experience. The service was like visiting a morgue in Russia. No smiles no acknowledgement of our arrival. Watching random reruns on FX all while its college game day. What the heck!!!  I wanted to use a different word, but trying to be appropriate.
