1	Hello, Pendelton. Remember me? I'm the one that you were indifferent to today, Christmas Eve, when I was shopping for a blanket for my husband. Yes, I'm not a blue-haired, blazer sporting, pearl-wearing WASP.  Yes, I walked into your store wearing black lace cuffs, with a glittery purple moon on the cleavage poking out of my heavy metal-esque shirt and my silver pentacle shining in the bright lights of your store. No, I may not have been your typical customer, but I had money to spend, and I wanted to do it in your store on one of your high-end blankets. You know, the ones over $200.  Well, guess what. The indifferent treatment that bordered on rude made me realize that I wasn't appreciated by you. When I asked your clerk to help me find a blanket in the size I needed he pointed me in a direction and flitted away like I was going to eat him, even though I put on my friendliest, most gentile persona and thanked him sincerely for what little assistance he offered.  And, I was the ONLY one in the store during the whole episode.  You can be sure that I will get my blanket for my husband, but it will not be in your store.
4	Wandering through the rather tacky Old Town Scottsdale was quite a waste of time until i stumbled upon this store. I love Pendleton blankets and the other woollens that they produce. Note to other Old Town merchants: not all western themed goods have to be "made in China" crap.I ended up picking a gorgeous woollen case for my iPad for not much more than I could have paid for an ugly plastic one at the Apple store. The blankets are fairly expensive but are heirloom quality and in my opinion are worth every cent that they cost.
5	Sometimes you just want something so bad you know will simply be a shadow version of yourself without it, then promptly forget about it until the 11th hour and declare your trip ruined without it. I mean hypothetically speaking. Luckily Old Town Scottsdale randomly has this Oregonian staple conveniently located in the middle of the worst place to find parking around. Backstory: I travel fairly often, and when my trusty carry on side bag companion finally bit the dust before a Europe trip last fall I scrambled to find a mediocre at best replacement.  Needless to say, after that trip I swore I would never use the bag again for longer hauls and spent time picking out the perfect pairing with my luggage; a Pendleton "weekender" bag.  I put in some minimal effort in tracking one down and figured I would find a better price or shipping deal at some-point.  Then in the beginning of April I had a longer trip planned and realized the night I was leaving that I had never actually got the bag and therefore... my trip was ruined.  Ruinnnnned.So there I was desolately assessing my options when I discovered to my delight that there was a Pendleton store right down the road and they had one in stock. It was also about 10 minutes before they closed.  Running to my car I began navigating my way around Old Town dodging oblivious Spring Training fanatics like I was Jason Bourne.  Accepting the fact I wasn't going to make it, I called the store again and while they informed me they were closing in minutes they agreed to stay open a little bit longer for muah.  I'm not proud to say I cut off a little lady old lady for a parking spot, but it happened (I mean I had my blinker on first), and I ran into the store right on the edge of my extended time limit.  The employee had already brought the bag up to the register for me and was all set to get me on my way, and didn't seem in the least perturbed that I had quite clearly kept him from leaving.  The transaction took a grand total of maybe 2 minutes, it had taken me 20 to get the .7 miles and park (hindsight, maybe I should pick up a walking habit).I did happen to notice while I was paying the surprisingly large amount of selection in the store (its bigger than I thought) and they had everything from bags (yee yee!) to the famed blankets, to dishes, clothing, laptop covers etc.  I also appreciated the awesome customer service.  He could have just as easily been rude about the whole thing and I wouldn't have cared because I got the bag, but he wasn't and now I am planning on going back to get a blanket eventually rather than buying it online etc.tl:dr Great customer service & selection (plus excellent quality products)
