4	Thousands of miles on three sets of tires and every visit for the "free" rotation and balance has come with prompt and polite service.  No hidden or extra costs.  On two occasions I needed a new valve stem and other occasions I needed rebalance.  No questions asked and no charge.How many places can you take a vehicle and have service performed with no charge?The new tire service has been outstanding every time with honest deals.  At most I have had to wait 45 minutes to an hour plus can walk across the street to Best Buy to cool off and check out the latest in electronics.No need to throw the tire thru the window!!!
5	Great service! We bought the road hazard warranty last summer and were so glad we did.  This summer we got a nail in a tire while on vacation and took it in for repair.  They fixed it for free without an appointment, I  was in and out in 45 minutes, even though we were in another state as an added bonus, they rotated the tires for free too.  Recently went in for new tires at the Indian Bend location and they beat Costco's coupon price, which was a nice surprise and these tires have an 80,000 mile wear warranty, which the Costco tires did not have.   Service was great, took around 30 minutes to replace all 4 tires and I know that I will get the tires rotated and balanced for free in the future.
5	What can I say, great prices, great staff, why would you go ANYWHERE else?
5	Excellent Service!I came in with a flat tire. Discount Tire fixed my tire and re-installed it on my car at no cost. Their service was first class and fast. I expected to pay a little to pull the nail from the tire and replace the spare, but Discount Tire must want my future business because they did not charge me anything.  That's what I call putting the customer first.
2	Have always had good service in the past but today was not good at all.Went in for a simple air check and rotation on tires I had bought a year ago.  They took my keys to check the milage and as soon as he came back in he began telling me I needed 2 new front tires and they were completely unsafe. Continued to tell me it was mechanical and not covered by my warranty when I asked. Very high pressured and odd when he began pushing me to go to an auto shop down the street for repairs he knew about.  Did not give me options on tires, simply said it would be $476. I found better tires at wal-mart for $100 less out the door and no pressure!
4	Great store. Everyone who works there is very friendly and John is one of my favorites! I bought new tires here a few months ago and just recently stopped by to have the air in my tires check. Very fast service and you can make appointments online.
5	Couldn't be happier!  I went to this location last night about 40 minutes before closing to check whether I needed a new tire.  They were happy to help, and despite it being near closing time, they took me in.  About 30 minutes after they closed, they came to me and told me they couldn't get the tire off because one of the lug nuts was rounded. They tried their strongest machine, but didn't want to ruin the tire. Instead of just sending me away, the owner asked me to come back this morning.  He said he's friends with the repair shop across the street, and that they have a stronger machine.  So, I brought the car back to Discount this morning.  He went out of his way to go to the other repair shop and get the lug nut off.  After all this, they were able to find that it was just a nail in the tire, so they patched up the leak. For this entire ordeal, I was not charged anything! Very happy with the service and how they went the extra mile to help out a customer! Much appreciated and I'll be going back.
4	I needed to get 4 new tires on my car.  After asking around the office, everyone recommended this location.  I made an appointment on their website for 8 am sharp.  I told the guy working the counter that I didn't want to pay for the most expensive set of tires they offered.He gave me 3 options:$950 ($850 w/$100 discount), $800 ($725 w/$75 discount), or $725 ($650 w/$75 discount).  Prices were all-inclusive of tires, installation, balancing, alignment etc.  That was much lower than the $1,350 that the dealership was going to charge me....(RIP OFF).I went with the $650 option and within 1 hr my car was ready.  One word to describe my experience: Awesome.Return Factor - 90% (See you in 60,000 miles)
3	The staff was nice, the prices were not horrible and all.  Only down side is I was expecting to be able to be done but that's not something they're set up for.
5	Every time I recommend a friend or family member to use this location, it just reinforces how comfortable I am using Discount Tire.  I first used this location when they opened way back when and will continue to use it anytime I need tires or know someone that needs tires.  Today is another great example.  My cousin Donna needed a set of four tires.  I shopped on line for over an hour and could not find a better deal anywhere.  I contacted Brian Doyle at the store and explained what we needed.  Made appointment to bring it in at 11am.  Before we finished breakfast, the car was ready.  They even put a better grade of tire on the car than we asked for.  How can you possibly beat this consistently great service.  Thank you Brian for assisting us today.Michael
5	Great customer service. Wyatt helped me put some rims and tires I purchased offsite on my Sportwagen. Despite not purchasing from them they were so helpful and friendly. They're pricing was super fair, attitudes very positive despite the heat and level of business, and very complimentary of my ride (a fast way to get my vote). Thanks guys, you have my business for a long time to come. PsMy car looks sick!!
5	Yet again, discount tire wins.  Have been a customer for many years, and will continue.  Awesome customer service, consistent across their many locations.  Have been to the Indian bend location several times and from the reps that check your tire pressure for free to the sales people inside the store, they are top notch.  Always pleasant,helpful and informative without being overbearing.
5	Every time I've gone to discount tire I've gotten really great customer service. But today especially just totally made my day. I got there at 6:15pm. didn't realize they closed at 6 because there still were people inside. Walked in and told the guy my tire pressure light was on.. I asked him when they close and he then informed me they already technically were closed. I told him a couple times I'd be happy to come back the next day but he insisted I stay and get it figured out. Turned out they stayed open over an hour after close to help me along with several others. He gave me my keys and told me they don't charge for patching up tires. I was blown away they would stay so late to help me when they're doing a service they aren't getting paid for (except tip). They may not want me shouting out to the world that they stay open late, but just saying- they really do have great service, and on top of that are always super friendly and attentive.
1	I went in for 2 tires. They had to be ordered.  A week passed. The guy who originally helped me said he miss dialed my number so that's why  I never got a call that y they were in . So one week later after I paid for my tires I called and that was what I was told. Okay strike one. Then as I was driving home from work my tires were shaking do to not be balanced. I took it back and had scheduled another appt.  Got there and had no appt and was told sorry and it maybe mud causing shaking. Waited.. What really!!? Strike 2. Then when I got home I noticed my caps were missing from my stock tires, I was then told there's no way they would have lost any thing. The way he said it made me so upset. Who trys to get free tire caps... then I went back and finally they were ok. Waited.. They asked if I was interested in buying new tires for the front wheels. Ummmm no!!!! The guy who helped at the beginning and end was helpful anyone else no thanks. Would I go back , not with out my husband.
2	Unfortunately had a really prominent wobble at high speeds. I came back here three times trying to figure out the source. They'd say the wheels were off balance but everything else was fine. At a friends recommendation I took my car to a specialty shop. Within 5 minutes he discovered one rim was bent and another tire was out of round. He showed me on the tire balancer. I could see it from across the room! How could discount miss that 2 feet from the tires 3 times?!Discount was super nice through the whole process however and didn't charge me for two of the balancings. I just think their volume is too high to give quality every time.
5	I'm not one to write reviews but after my visit today I couldn't resist.  So it was just another typical day working when I noticed my tire pressure light came on. I stopped by Discount tire off Indian bend on my way home to have it checked. When I pulled in it was busy, but one of the technicians greeted me and said they would be with me shortly. A couple minutes later my tires were being filled with air. While talking to the tech Israel he noticed a nail in my tire (nooooooo). He suggested a new tire because it was unrepairable and unsafe. I stepped inside and after inspection of my other tires it was suggested that they all be replaced (they had about 40,000+ miles so it was about time). I stuck with the Falken and Israel told me it would take 30 minutes (which I was hesitant about because I didn't have an appointment and it was busy). I have to say I was absolutely blown away by the service and honesty. Not only was my car finished in exactly 30 minutes, but Israel and Anthony (assistant manager) were beyond helpful and informative. This is the only location I will ever go to!! I will be recommending this location to anyone in need of tire service! Go here!!!!
5	Excellent customer service! Went to the other DT southern ave in Tempe and they recommended the wrong size of tires. After driving 6,000 miles tires were partly damaged, Jim and Shawn did their best to get me a new set of tires.
5	Seriously love these guys. I buy all of my tires here. The people are very professional and the service is great.This is the best part. One of my tires had a tear and HAD to be replaced. I bought a tire warranty when I bought the car and as one might expect, the after market warranty found a way to not cover my claim. The manager at Discount felt bad for my situation and offered to get involved to help me. I said it's not necessary, I'll just buy the tire from you. He gave me a great price and truly gave me service like I was some kind of VIP.
5	first choice for anything tire relared, thwy leed the industry when it comes to service, if only the entire auto industrywas more like discount tire, they are the very best, honest and reluable professionals.
5	I have so much respect for the Discount Tire business model. Free air checks, Free Repairs, Free Tire Rotations... where else would I got to buy tires? They aren't always the cheapest on the block (I'm positive if I checked Cost Co and/or Sams club would be cheaper) But they always take good care of me, and my car. They've replaced spares for me, for next to nothing. They've managed to repair tires that I thought were LONG gone, and stayed open an extra 15 minutes for an emergency once. I've "shoed" all 3 of my cars at Discount, and don't plan to ever take my business elsewhere. These guys work hard, but you'd never know it. Always positive, always upbeat, I even heard the guys singing in the garage the other day (Singing, and laughing lol) Thank you discount Tire for always keeping me on the road.
5	I am a snob when it comes to car maintenance. I don't take lightly other people caring for my possession. Out of all the Discount locations, this one is stellar. Clean and staff is efficient and super customer service-oriented. They seriously make life's little mishaps a walk in the park. There's never pressure to buy, just advice for those lost on these details. Gotta admit, the customer watching is pure entertainment. Despite how busy this location gets, I have never seen a staff member short or less than courteous. You only have superstar employees at this location! Kudos to management for having people who delight their customers!!!!
