4	The decaying neighborhood near East Charleston and Las Vegas Boulevards has been revitalized somewhat by this collective of galleries that serves as home to a number of artists, photographers, and graphic designers. Best of all is the Sturman Fine Arts Gallery, with its eclectic collection of African folk art, prints by David Hockney, and works from the folks at Disney. First Friday is a monthly event showcasing local talent, with live music, street performances, and other entertainment and activities on the agenda.
5	The struggle for downtown has begun.  The Arts factory is literally the heart of a monthly event here in Vegas called First Friday.  I know I've dropped lots of hints about First Friday in my other reviews but here is where it all began. "In the heart of the 18b arts district, downtown Las Vegas, Nevada is home to The Arts Factory. The premier location to the area's finest art and local culture, The Arts Factory has photographers, painters, graphic designers, and many other professionals." (quoted from www.theartsfactory.com) Every First Friday is a gallery crawl, and the entire building is open to the public to roam and view the many talented artists you didn't know we had here in the desert.
4	First Friday gives me hope for Vegas. When the folks back home tell me about their itinerary for the Vegas trip I always gauge the plans on their potential for hitting up the First Friday event. It's just that cool.  On each side of the laid out thoroughfare are Kiosks showcasing local art some good some puzzling. (There are some really nice established galleries too.) You'll find DJs set up complete with visuals as they spin trance, Jungle, Goa, house, or whatever. There's been huge halfpipes set up with BMX and skaters tearing it up right across from the funnel cake stand. There's always some kind of band playing. What I like is the demographic. The bizzar-o-ness of the straight-laced husband and wife team pushing the stroller and rubbing shoulders with the Tranny Vegas Dancers, Jews for Jesus handing out booklets all the while the Roller Girls skate through the crowd passing out flyers. With that being said there is a police presence there so the downtown stigma shouldn't spook anyone out. There is a plethora of First Friday after parties that are attached to this thing. I like the Art District and this event rules. Every time I go it seems to get bigger and better. Get there early parking's a biznatch & this doesn't go all that late.
4	Thank God for the Arts Factory.  The art community that started downtown in the early 90s has been waiting for this, and for the First Friday phenomenon, for a long time.  The dreams lovingly planted at the Enigma Garden Cafe (rest in peace you place of eternal awesomeness, you. can I get an amen, anyone?) are finally starting to take seed.The Arts Factory has been the hub of First Friday - the city sponsored art event held, imaginatively enough, on the first Friday of every month - for the past threeish (fourish?, it all blends) years.  Housing something like 16 galleries, with performance space and areas outside to set up MORE art, there's more mixed media here than you can shake a pretentious art school student at.  Local and national artists display and sell their wares, and with a selection as vast as this you're bound to find SOMETHING you like.Tinoco's Bistro is also housed in the factory, serving up some delicious Italian meals (be sure to make reservations in First Friday) and a band is almost always playing on their patio.Sometimes maligned for its recent involvement in some arts scene drama (ooooh, drama!), the Arts Factory remains a viable, vital and important part of our art scene.  Check it, and First Friday, out.
4	Thanks to First Friday, the Arts Factory fame's rose. I like this little district allotted to the artsy fartsy kind. Paintings, graffiti art, murals, are everywhere, such a great sight. Visit visit, this is one hidden artistic gem of Las Vegas.
5	This building in the heart of the "18b" arts district in Downtown Las Vegas may be the saving of culture in the city. This two story building situated on the corner of Charleston and main st. echo a past of Vegas as well as carving out a unique future for the art community of Las Vegas. As the heart of First Fridays, a collective of usually 10,000 people every first Friday of the month, it serves as the standard for whats happening in Art. There is always some controversy, and always fantastic art. This is a must do in Vegas.
2	What is Arts Factory?Is it an Art Gallery as the name (and other Yelpers) suggests? No. There is actually not much Fine Art for sale. And what was on display when my daughter and I walked through the building was scattered throughout the complex. The only artist that had space for her paintings of Abstarct Expressionism right next to Entropy Design had very affordable small paintings in the $200-$300 range, but the paintings are far from "collectible". The businesses that are tenants at the Arts Factory are a hodge-podge of businesses that are tangentially associated with an "arts" culture in most communities - Graphic Artists, Commercial Photography Studios, Architectural and Interior Design Firms, Yoga Studio (???), and Restaurants. There are actually very few "Art" Galleries, per se. Are Tie-Dyed Ts considered "Art"? I have a suggestion for the Arts Factory... If you are promoting Fine Art as the name suggests... restrict the first floor for exhibitions of Fine Art displays and Art Galleries. Move the "not necessarily Art" businesses to the extremities of the building, like the second floor, or to a totally different building. The Arts Factory seems more a center where businesses that reside on the Strip in Las Vegas can come to one location for their Photographic or Graphic Design, or Multimedia needs. Should be renamed "Commercial" Arts Factory.Furthermore, on a Thursday, management of the complex has to dictate that during business hours, the business had better be Open! It's disconcerting when some businesses are closed and some are open... some are manned by a person, some are not.Wanted to see what "First Friday" ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/first-friday-las-vegas-2 ) was all about... but after my "First Thursday", decided to skip Friday...Despite being in existence for a couple of years, this seems to be still a "work in progress". It's really difficult to promote yourself as a part of the counter-culture and trying to survive in this Economy. You really can't "force-feed" Culture into a community like Las Vegas, especially with "Culture Found Here!" signs represented by the "18b" Neighborhood or the Arts Factory. (What the heck does 18b mean? Eighteen blocks that represented the original Las Vegas Arts District area.) The "Culture" in Las Vegas, unfortunately, despite the protestations of the Art Factory, is still centered around Las Vegas Boulevard. FYI: Before you walk into the Arts Factory... take a gander at the mural to the West of the building that celebrates Cirque de Soleil and the City of Las Vegas ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-de-soleil-and-city-of-las-vegas-mural-las-vegas#hrid:fZjVfB6VuaTJgr7IRmzK0A ).FYI: Do not stay too late in this neighborhood. There is a reason for those iron gates. Very, very sketchy neighborhood...
4	Went here for Alex Pardee and David Correia's Sketch 4 A Sketch tour with special guest Vic Back. I was very stoked to meet Alex (that's putting it lightly - I'm ridiculously obsessed with his artwork) and the venue was perfect for this tour. Big big props to the owners who let them come here on seemingly short notice to do their sketches and sell their wares. The actual location is very cool, and there is art EVERYWHERE inside. It actually does kind of look like a factory too with the unfinished ceilings with piping, but a very upscale one. I looked around before Alex got there at some of the work on display and saw ranges from $200 to $6500 (yikes). Although not completely affordable in my budget, a lot of the pieces were very beautiful and from up-and-coming artists which of course I would like to support. I mostly stayed on the second floor where the tour was held which was very spacious with white walls and light wood floors, and a small bar area. The space was nice and it is definitely inspiring to see such an eclectic variety of work in one place. I am very glad that Alex Pardee and the Zerofriends crew decided to make this the place for their Las Vegas leg of the tour.
5	Many good galleries and studios are located in the Arts Factory. Now also the Bar + Bistro with activities happening every week.Highly recommend for art, food and cocktails.
4	What can I say about the Art Factory....well:I LOVE....- How they have events such as First Friday and the Beerfest in July.- How they feature local artists.- How eclectic and diverse the art that's on display.- How it brings locals together for good times.I HATE...- Parking....it's always a giant mess for big events.- The location....when it gets busy, it can get squirrely on the roads around the building and people don't pay attention....it's a fender bender waiting to happen.So, I guess when you weigh all those factors, I give it 4 Stars.Will I return?  For the next fun event, sure!
4	I love how this place is a maze of eclectic art and has a voice.  Everyone I've ever come across in here has been friendly and genuine.  One day I would truly like to spend the whole day here.  There is a good mix of local artists, that bar + bistro (I have yet to try), and blue sky yoga (next on my to-do list).  I will support this spot with all that I have.  There aren't many places here in Vegas that have a clear vision and purpose.  I believe The Arts Factory does.
5	A cornucopia of different galleries inside this two level building, a yoga studio, and finally the Bar + Bistro (it's been about three or four different restaurants in the past few years). This is a great stop for "First Friday" with so much to see- been here 3x. I saw other items for sale besides art, namely handmade jewelry. It can get crowded as some people just stand in the pathways (clueless). It was a tight squeeze for me at times and I'm petite. Some rooms can be quite small- galleries for that matter. I can ignore all that because I like that one can see so much in one area (hence the five stars). I saw a few artists featured in the local weekly newspaper. Notable display: Bondage Barbie- instant giggles, thought-provoking; greeting cards readily available for purchase BTW. Some art is available for purchase, with some prices noted. I saw a beautiful piece that I am seriously considering (gotta talk that over with the DH, and figure on space). Some crowds went into the alley where a DJ was spinning. But we didn't check that out. There's usually a lot of activity at the Bar + Bistro with a DJ spinning. It's such a cool vibe. I think that there is a $5 cover charge. I like the variety in the gallery and that's why I find it so appealing. Definitely something for everyone to enjoy. Neat place. Always come here on foot, so I don't know about parking.
3	Located at the corner of a busy intersection, this is a large, multistory building that houses several galleries, a yoga studio, sometimes a temporary bar, "bistro" and serves as a space to hold large events. I've been several times, during first friday, for figure drawing classes and musical events. There are many artists on display of varying talents, medium and repute, which essentially means that some of the art is really well made and  lots of it laughable. Some of the varying mediums are cool, I wouldn't have expected to have seen a quilt on display.  Vegas is an odd place for an artist- such a gawdy, eclectic place with an ever-rotating supply of international visitors begets ample inspiration but provides enough distraction that some people never take the time to practice or 'skill up' because there are so many fun things to be doing. On the one hand, I'm glad this place exists as an oasis for the creative community, but it can be a little disenchanting, too. When we arrived for the musical event, there was NO sign stating a cover charge- but the man at the door told us it'd be $20 for the two of us. When J scoffed, the man told us to just pay $10. When we asked why, he told us it was so that they could pay the band. We later spoke with the band and they did NOT get paid for the almost hour-long set they did. There was a pop-punk/emo sounding band in the front that we disliked, so our assumption is that  band was getting paid while the one we were watching wasn't. This led to some upset among the band members after we spoke with them.The only beer available was PBR, for $5 a can. There were signs up advertising Long Island Iced teas, but they weren't offered for the event we were at. The boy and I shared a watery cranberry & vodka made with a drizzle of the cheapest vodka. The musicians we saw did an excellent show, and after their performance there was a drumming session and fire-twirling, which was cool. There were also halloween themed decorations and other events going on, so it had a lot of potential to be a fantastic event, just as the factory has the potential to be a fabulous artistic gathering place. With a concerted, loving effort this place could be awesome, but the guy left a bad taste in our mouths. Also, I'd like to see more art actually on the walls, it seems like there are a lot of underutilized spaces. I'm not sure if I should see it as a poor reflection of the Vegas art community, or the obvious reflection of Vegas's struggling artist community, and that saddens me.
4	I recently attended a party at the Arts Factory. It is definitely a fantastic location. Easy to find and the parking wasn't terrible, but I can see how it could get pretty bad for larger events. The lot is a bit dark, so I'd probably recommend a tad more lighting out there for safety.Our party was in the upstairs loft area of the building and it was quite spacious. There was tons of room for everyone to mingle, admire the art and enjoy the band that was playing. My only complaint was the temperature was a bit hot and there wasn't much ventilation.All in all, it was a good experience and I'll probably return for future events.
3	I was at the Arts Factory tonight for a benefit concert.  The room was set up for about 25 people which was just right.  Parking was easy.  On First Friday's, the whole area must be filled with cars.I walked around and looked at the pieces on the wall.  Some showed lots of talent and caught my eye.  Others just didn't appeal, but that's art.I agree with the previous poster about the temperature.  It got a bit warm after the first 1/2 hour.I'm glad I know more about the place.  I want to go back and try the Bar + Bistro.
5	I love this place. It's where the local artist community hangs out!
4	Very cool place open to the public most of the time to view art and chat with artist. Best time to go is for first Friday and during special gallery events. They need to clean as in bleach scrub this entire place, kinda gross. Most artists creep me out and I enjoy laughing at them inside as they explain their "feelings" on canvas but it a good way to spend a evening and take some friends.
5	My home away from home. This is the hub of Las Vegas' art district. Like many have already previously mentioned if you know whats good for you this is the place to be during 1st Friday of the month! This 2-story art space holds a variety of galleries, music, design, yoga, art classes, fine dining to graffiti supplies shop you'll find plenty of things to keep you busy and entertained. The longer I live in Vegas, I'm starting to wish I didn't live on the other side of town.
5	The heart of the growing local art scene and revitalization of downtown. For sure this building is the main stay of First Friday, but it also hosts an ongoing plethora of cultural events throughout the week such as poetry readings, live music, and movie viewings. Lest we forget it also has a bar and restaurant inside! There are both studios and galleries within the building and no doubt it is the perfect networking spot for working artists of all generas and lovers of the arts. Love this place!
3	Little art studio outside the Strip.  the good is that it's free.  but most of the art was just average.
1	This gallerys design, unsubtle lighting, unsophisticated displaying and use of space and other Closter phobic effects detract terribly from the artwork.Pros: FreeCons: Space, Art (subjective)
4	I am in love with this place.  Even though the service can sometimes be slow, the wait for food is completely worth it.  Whenever friends come to visit from out of town I take the here.  The price is reasonable and they have a great tapas menu everyone can share!  I went there with friends from NYC who were used to paying prices on the strip and outrageous food prices in the city.  All three of us ate dinner for $48, they loved it!Additionally they have an art gallery right around the corner you can enjoy before or after eating.One the side note, a must try is the sweet potato fries!
4	The Arts Factory is a cool place to hang out and procure some amazing art and other oddities. There is of course your normal awesome paintings and canvas works of art, but there is also an eclectic mix of other forms of "art" and fun things. Hiptazmic studio which is full of awesome upcycled/recycled jewelry and decor items, along with original art pieces, tshirts, engraved tags, patches and more. Happy Panda toys with it's awesome vinyl toy collection, they also throw release parties where you can come in and trade with other fanatics. Then there is Hell Pop, they have a great comic and alternative book selection!The Arts Factory has a little bit for everyone with the variety of items within its walls. Bar and Bistro the restaurant is also worth a visit, the pizzas are tastyriffic! Best time to come down and check things out is on First Friday, not only is the AF hopping but there is a plethora of booths and other happenings in the immediate area for your perusing pleasure.
5	I just LOVE the vibe here.  Come here with an open mind, though, because a lot of people come here to be themselves.  On Wednesdays the patio is very busy and I have seen fire spinners and hula hoopers many times.  The drink prices are average, 5 to 6 bucks for a good sized beer.  The inside is beautiful and I cannot comment on the food except that it is expensive.The back opens up to an area with art galleries and can be pretty cool depending on what's currently being shown.I recommend this place to anyone that is interested in trying something off the strip!
4	One-stop shop for all kinds of cool things to do downtown! Art? (Duh).  There are several galleries here with a wide variety of styles to enjoy.  Vegan-friendly dining (or meat, if you must)? Bar and Bistro has you covered!  They'll also hook you up with booze, and great dog-friendly patio.  Yoga? Blue Sky has classes every day, drop in, for donation! Need some personal grooming? The awesome Hilary Salon is on the 2nd floor, and provides a variety of service for men, women, and kiddos.  That's why I look so good, y'all! Feeling whimsical? There are awesome toy, jewelry, and comic shops there as well! (Panda Toys, Hiptazmic, HellPop).  It's a the cool place to be on First Friday for live musical performances and drinks.  (But if you really like art and want to appreciate it, go on preview Thursday to beat the crowds and enjoy the special Thursday happy hour and B&B!)
5	Just recovered from another fun First Friday at the Arts Factory. Had some friends in town and brought them through the Arts Factory to show them a good time hitting First Friday. I like to start at the southern part of First Friday near the Stratosphere and work my way up past the music stages, locals artists, beef jerky stands and organic food trucks through the chaos and sea of punks, hipsters, goths, emos, gangsters, hippies and granolas. (I'm a big people watcher!) I like to stop at Artifice for a Stella, then with my plastic cup in hand, head over to The Arts Factory to see what's new!I love how the spaces are dynamic and changing every time that I visit for a First Friday! I have so much fun! I'm originally from Seattle and we have a 1st Thursday, ut its much more spread out (and rainy) in Seattle, so we always end up staying in the same building. I love exploring all the nooks and crannies and finding new artists posted up. I love walking though the Graffiti/Japanese inspired doll stores, checking out the new stencil art, wandering outside to listen to some live jams, and check out all the cool tents with always different artists hocking their wares. I really enjoy the diversity of people, and the uber-relaxed ability to drink on the go and have a good time in general. I'm never bored and almost never end up where I think I'm going to. I like how the other building involved are just a stone's throw away. The drink prices are about the same as a bar, and in some cases in teeny tiny plastic cups not worth the price. Some of the food is expensive so make sure to bring some cash with you for those spur of the moment purchases. I spent a lot of time dancing in the Captial Arts Center to the DJ spinning Electro, a lot of the night, donating to the donation Champagne (that gave me heartburn), but definitely had a blast as always, and my friends get a taster of non-strip Vegas. I almost try to sway my friends into coming the weekends of first Fridays just so I have more excuse to come out. I'm definitely going to bring more money with me next time and snag some of the dope original T-shirts on display, and some of those cool figurines in the Anime Shop. After I've had my art fill, I usually walk across the street to the Artifice and dance to the DJ's spinning late 90's hip hop, rap, feelgood and EDM to round out the night. Cheers!~MikeB
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 49/1004 years down the road in Vegas and I finally got to participate in the 1st Friday Festivities! I don't know how many times my friends and I said 'wow' that night - from of the amazing art as well as the parking! Expect to drive around for a while looking for a spot but once that's done, I assure you that whatever the Arts Factory has to offer will make up for it. First Friday adventures are better off unplanned. Just head in here and go with the flow, improvise, slip in and out of numerous galleries, chat with the artists and enjoy the live music outside. A handful of the art presented circled around re-using recycled materials - from bangles, purses, fridge magnets, capri sun bags etc. - such a delight for those of us who love to nurture our environment! Another gallery featured melted crayons that dripped down a paper and 1000 paper cranes that lined a ceiling. There was so much symbolism and so many deep stories behind the colorful canvas. There's always something for every-one! Already looking forward to my next 1st Friday!
5	Love this place!
4	This places gets a 3 for the art quality, but gets bumped up to a 4 for being connected to Bar + Bistro - ergo, you get to tote a glass of wine while you interpret the art - and having a wide variety of galleries. The building is also a piece of art in itself, an old building turned into a maze of galleries. It has a real DIY feel to it. Unfortunately, the quality inside those galleries is very hit-or-miss (probably because DIY = amateur). Still, I have always had a great time on every visit. If you want a drunk/party atmosphere then go on First Friday. If you want a more enjoyable and chill experience, pick another time to go.
4	I have been to Las Vegas a handful of times in the past 10 years or so and this was the first time I have gotten off of The Strip and gotten to experience the artistic side of Vegas.The Art Factory was fantastic as nd thd bar bistro (review to follow) was pretty yummy too.There are some incredibly talented artists here in vegas and I look forward to following a The Art Factory website as well as the Trifecta Gallery website too (review to follow).
3	Very cool place
4	To talk with friends in New York, Philadelphia, or San Francisco they'd lead you to believe that Las Vegas has no culture - an obvious lie to anyone who has seen a show, attended a play, or visited some of the new galleries at places like City Center, Emergency Arts, or The Arts Factory.  Sure there are obvious differences between the cultures of this city and that of old classics like those listed above, but with variety the spice of life I'd almost argue that Vegas is every bit on par with all but perhaps New York in terms of diversity and 24/7 'things to do.'  All in all a great place with a decent enough collection of art the average person can potentially afford, plus a decent restaurant in Bar + Bistro and a number of clever local shops I've now been here thrice and walked away with something each and every time - from a pig magnet made from a cola can to a piece of fine art, plus some really excellent French Toast.
5	Yesterday I made my first visit to the ARTS FACTORY,  while there I discovered   HELL POP COMICS.  I will be back. Nice selection, reasonable prices and the man behind the counter, Shane, very friendly and helpful.
