3	The hotel was a typical office park hotel. Clean and cookie cutter. We had a problem checking in for the room we reserved months in advance.  I called at 9am to see if we could check in early but they said no rooms were ready yet, and then went to the desk at noon again to ask if we could check in yet. Then when we finally went back at 3, check in time, we were told we didn't have a room because the hotel was overbooked. They eventually found us a room with a sofa bed (there were 4 of us). The woman at the desk felt bad and gave us $30 off. Still it would have been nice to have the room with 2 queen beds we had reserved.
4	My grandmother used to stay here when she visited Charlotte instead of staying at the Ballantyne Resort, which is usually a little more expensive. The Courtyard is in a great location--within walking distance to Ballantyne Village (Movie theater, Kilwins, Mellow Mushroom, Panera, Villa Antonio (upscale italian)), and a host of other attractions. The rooms are nice, it seems like they were remodeled a short time ago. The lobby has just been upgraded (When we stayed it was not), but from other Courtyard experiences, the lobby is a great addition, with a fresh little restaurant, and a very cool GoBoard, which allows one to see weather, attractions, etc. The Courtyard is a good alternative to the Ballantyne Resort.
5	We stayed here for a wedding, and this was a great place where we'd definitely come again should the opportunity arise.  The staff here is extremely welcoming and friendly.  The lobby is bright and colorful, and the decor is sleek and modern.  Our room was on the second floor with a balcony overlooking a pond. It was gorgeous fall weather, so before the wedding, we sat out there and enjoyed the fresh air.  A gas station is conveniently located across the street, so bf picked us up some wine to enjoy.  There are also lots of restaurants around (the hotel shuttle will drive you to them, but we did not use the shuttle).Breakfast is not included, but the cafe area is priced fairly.  They serve Starbucks coffee (even pumpkin spice lattes), breakfast sandwiches, oatmeal, and many other things.  Together, it cost about $20 for two, and we sat at a nice high table with plenty of outlets for computers and phone chargers.  Because we were in no rush to leave in the morning, we took advantage of the lobby/living room.  They have a large flatscreen TV and comfy couches.  We hung out there for about two hours before we decided to drive home!
4	This is a VERY VERY VERY nice hotel. No matter how big or small your question or request is, the staff will go above and beyond for you every single time. SUPER CLEAN! Free wifi. They have a computer and printer in the lobby, which is super convenient. Everyone that came for the wedding stayed at this hotel, which was well over 40 people. Everyone really enjoyed this hotel. I give it 4 stars because of 2 reasons. 1)For this hotel to be in Charlotte and charge so much per room, you would expect a complimentary breakfast or something. No food is included in the price of the rooms. Yes, there is a food bar in the hotel, but you have to pay for every single item. Don't get me wrong. The food bar has great options, but for a price. The prices are very reasonable. When I pay for food, it isn't to the hotel that I'm staying at. But, that's just me.2) There was only one food delivery option for after 11pm, which is when we checked in. After calling around, only Pizza Hut would come to the hotel at that time. I thought this was crazy because we were in Charlotte - the one place in North Carolina that has a serious night life.While my stay was awesome, the stay isn't all that matters. Especially when you're paying over $$$ for a room. The 2 reasons listed above are always included in my decision making process when booking a room. The bride booked everyone's rooms, so it was out of my hands this time. Other than the reasons above, this hotel is AWESOME!
