3	i was soooooooooo EXCITED to be able to catch the FIRST Performance of the show, that Just happened Thursday night at 7:30pm, September 27th...First scheduled show was originally for Wednesday night, the 26th, but was cancelled due to "still working out the kinks!"...All in all~ THE WINNERS of the show, and the MAIN REASON I wanted to come was to see the OLATE DOGS!!!! They are Fantastic, soooo cute Live, and Just Wonderful!!! the Earth Harp was there, Lightwire Theater, Tom Cotter, the original paint guy who paints those crazy 6 foot high portraits upside down and all-around, Recycled Percussion, Joe Castillo, Spencer Horsman ...and even a video cameo of Big Barry!!.. HA!! Good Job all! Glad to see you made it to Vegas!!
3	Better than I thought!  Was more entertained here than MGM's Ka.  The winner Olate dogs and select performers from this past season.  Only a three because of the vast amounts of other shows you could catch in Vegas, otherwise a solid four star.
5	I really enjoyed this show! I packed my beret for my trip to Vegas just for Joe Castillo! Each act was better live than on the TV show. Tom Cotter could really let loose a little with his jokes and he was hilarious. They had a few technical issues but it was one of the first shows they did, and they were not a big deal. The theatre itself was a great place to see the show, very comfortable. If you are an AGT fan, you will NOT regret taking the opportunity to see this one!
5	Very enjoyable show!  Especially loved the earth harp and the doggies and the magician and everything!
5	LOVED IT!These guys truly have talent! From the 1st place winner Olate Dogs, comedian Tom Cotter, sand artist Joe Castillo, Lightwire Company, magicians Jarrett and Raja, and 11 year old singing sensation Anna Graceman, these guys do what made them finalists.For about 90 minutes you have all these guys alternate performing at least twice which makes for an awesome variety of sure fire entertainment! If you are not familiar with AGT, then I suggest you youtube it. Once you know who these guys are, watching them do it on tv does not give it justice! There is nothing better than a live performance!Keep in mind that some of the finalists actually alternate due to schedule issues. In this case, David Garibaldi and the CMYK's along with William Close were not on tonight's show. All in all, it was still a good show all around. No hiccups whatsover. The show flowed smoothely from beginning to end. Great for all ages.
4	I read the reviews before purchasing and went with the $45 tix. When we arrived, we were immediately upgraded to $85 section! Theatre did not fill up, which I thought was weird since this was Easter Sunday. The show was great! I don't follow AGT and really enjoyed this. I was expecting to see the judges there since this was a live filming but no. No Sharon Osborne. :-(
4	Pretty solid show in Vegas.This is not a "live" show or taping. They bring in past season favorites for you to enjoy for about an hour and half to two hours.I think my ticket was around $50 and the seating was good. You just have to go early to redeem your ticket to secure a better seat. I got to watch Tom Cotter, Anna Graceman, and the Olate Dogs, and some others' names I do not remember. Overall, the show was great. I liked Tom Cotter but some of his jokes were definitely not PG. I saw some kids with their parents so I am not sure how they would feel. I highly recommend the show. I wish the show could be longer!
4	My girlfriend got us tickets so it was a nice chance to watch an affordable show in Vegas. We got in and our $45 tickets were good, but about 15 minutes before the show started, they moved us up to the third row. Very cool. The night already was going well.The show included Olate Dogs. Who doesn't love a good dog act?Tom Cotter. Every good show needs a comedian. He was pretty funny and sometimes not exaxctly PG, but he doesn't curse.  I'm over 21 so it's okay for me.Lightwire Theater - Sort of like dancing that combined eletro-puppetry. Totally worth looking up on youtube to check out how cool the performance is. David Garibaldi and His CMYK's. This guy danced and painted to music. It was pretty cool as I had no idea what he was planning on doing and all the sudden he had a finished painting. Very cool.Jarrett & Raja. The magicians that performed one trick at the very end. Would loved to have seen more of them.Anna Graceman - 13-year-old musician and singer/songwriter that had amazing stage presence, especially for her age. She had wonderful voice as well. Very cool to watch. I really enjoyed the show and hope they decide to bring it back again.Great night overall.
5	i thought this was an actual audition with judges but its not.. kinda disappointed.. but overall show was very good
