4	So strolling into this restaurant, i was very doubtful they would compare to some of my favorite Chinese restaurants (Pei Wei). We looked over the menu and found that they have a pretty huge selection of different dishes so finding something that we would like was not hard at all and the prices are very reasonable. We ended up getting Cashew Chicken and Mongolian Beef, so we took a seat and waited for our food and they ended up delivering the food to the table in what appears to be the only serving dishes they have which is a styro-foam container. So my first thought was oh no, maybe its so bad that they want you to take it home to eat so you wont complain. So we both opened our container and the steam came up and hit us in the face and once the steam cleared out of our face we took in the portion size and were very content since we were starving. We grubbed on the food and it was fresh ingredients and tasted awesome. The portions were huge and we ended up both taking the rest of the food home for dinner. I think I just found a substitute to my Pei Wei since the closes one is miles away.
4	Service was fast.Food was fresh, hot, and tasty!They threw in free egg rolls!If you are looking for a lot of options and good food...then you will not be disappointed
2	This is some of the worst Chinese food I've had in memory.  This is like those places they used to have in the suburbs in the midwest in the 80s.Every single item was either deepfried or covered in a sauce loaded with extra sugar, guai lo style.I got the appetizer sampler which was just several versions of slightly different shaped, bland, tasteless, deep fried eggroll and wonton-ish looking things - dripping with oil.Ordered the salt and pepper pork chop because of another yelp review and also they list it as Chef's special.  These turned out to be double breaded and deep fried pieces of pork with a ton of bone still on.  Some pieces was just deep fried bone. And the extra, extra, extra breading they coat it with is completely bland and tasteless.  I think they should call it the NO SALT OR PEPPER pork chop.I also ordered the Kung Pao chicken "extra spicy please".  Aside from a couple of stray peppers, the dish had zero heat.  It was also chock full of zucchini.  Loooooootttts of zucchini.  They should've called it Kung Pao Zucchini with a couple little pieces of dry chicken breast.  And this dish was not seasoned at all - nothin'.  No salt, not even a little MSG.The only dish that was passable was the young chow fried rice.  Good enough, not oily, but once again completely underseasoned.  I give'em two stars because they seemed nice and fried rice was sorta ok.  I'm never calling them again.
4	This place makes the best Kung pao chicken. Nice and spicy. Best time to order is lunch prices are lower. Singapore style noodles also very good.
3	Anyone that thinks this place is bad really needs to rethink their opion. This place has some pretty good chinese but it's kind of a fast food style place but 100 times better than Panda Express. Try the bbq pork fried rice, lemon chicken, sweet/sour chicken and mongolian beef. I like how you can see how they cook the food in the back, if you are the kind of person who like to cook, it's a neat thing to watch.
3	Great for a quick fix of some greasy chinese food. Mongolian beef & crab rangoons are really good!!
4	Plain and Simple-Fresh and easy Chinese food to go. It was one of the first open in the area of our house and its good. Takes a little while but you know its wok'd fresh. Kung Pao and Mongolian is the bomb. House Lo Mein is awesome.Theres another one in North Las Vegas we go to as well near my parents house. This one is slightly better in my opinion.
1	It was the only Chinese take out around the Rhodes Ranch area for awhile. To be honest, the food is average and a bit pricey in comparison to other establishments.On the positive, their honey walnut shrimp is very tasty and I recommend it.  My only real complaint, which is a pretty big deal is that they have awful customer service.  Phone orders are always rushed and they dont reiterate your order so you dont know if they got it right. Also, they're not very welcoming at all. When you go in, they appear to just care about taking your money and rarely thank you. I always feel cheated or wrong about giving them business. The Hawaiian place door always shows their gratitude and China A No No should learn from them. I would not recommend. Try Pumi, instead.
2	Debated between the Thai place, the new Sushi spot, the Hawaiian joint or this place. Amigo's Taco just dont taste right any more.Ordered a Lunch combo orange chicken and a buddah's delight for dinner.Wow...just wow...where to begin...lets start on the outside of the plate and work ourselves inward.Crab RagoonsSince when is it acceptable for Krab (imitation crab made from fish) to be called Crab?  Other then the imitation crab used but real crab named these were pretty decent green onions in the cream cheese gave it some flavor, soft and crunchy. Crab as well as Krab both virtually nonexistent.Orange Chicken Lunch ComboBlandest noodles ever, they have a fried look but a 'just boiled' taste. yummy....Orange Chicken itself....nothing to write home about. if i didn't actually look at each individual hunk of chicken and noticed that it's coated in sauce i would have assumed they missed some spots going by taste alone.Fried rice, dont want to bore anybody you see where this review is going.And now the rant....the lunch combo includes a soup but not for takeout orders. So...I pay the same price as someone who eats in but i'm denied something i paid for...Now i can understand the whole 'to go fast food' concept which is why it's not offered but at least give the customer the option. It doesnt even have to be in bowls resulting in an increase in dishes to wash, why not use small disposable coffee cups? Let the customer sip on some soup while they wait for the food to cook. They do advertise 'Fresh to Order' nothing's sitting under a heating lamp, the time between placing an order and picking up an order could be spent sipping on soup rather then thinking to yourself 'did the guy even greet me when i walked in?'
3	I wish they would give us an option for 1/2 stars. I really give this China A GoGo location - 3 1/2 stars. We found this place by accident while helping my brother move from his apartment to his house. We were in charge of picking up food. That was 3 years ago. Since then we've been going to China A GoGo for our chinese-fast food cravings. Okay so we don't frequently go out to eat. Only when we don't have anything else to eat at home OR we're sick of eating my cooking. =DThe reason why we keep going to China A GoGo is:1) Very generous portions, especially when you order combos.2) Variety of foods. There is plenty to choose from on the menu. They even serve Pad Thai.3) Food is cooked to order and not placed on a warming dish.4) Prices are pretty cheap.5) It's nearby.We prefer their food to Panda Express and the Grand China which is on the other side of Durango (and Warm Springs). I hear that the Henderson location is a lot better. We may have to take a trip there one day to see if it's true.
4	This is a Chinese/American type restaurant. Beef broccoli w/rice was very good, wife liked the honey walnut shrimp alot. Chicken lo-mein, very good. Hot and sour soup was pretty good. I have been here many times and it does not disappoint. The prices are right and you get a ton of food! I went on Sunday and they triple bagged the food which I think was about 15lbs! You will get your monies worth. Service was fast as usual and the food was hot and fresh. Nice people, will go back again.
4	It's Americanized chinese food. Greasy, delicious, perfect way to sop up a hangover. I'm hungover as balls, so I'm actually going here now to get delicious fried dumplings, then returning home to vomit and pass out on my floor.
3	Very good and very cheap; but not the quality. Food is fast but very good and service is always great and friendly
2	This place is your typical Chinese fast food. I didn't find them friendly at all. I ordered the shrimp chow funn. I asked for no brown sauce, and it came with brown sauce. The portion were chincy for something that cost $8. It tasted okay, nothing special.  I haven't been back since.China A GoGo is a NO NO.
4	This place is awesome! I never have been a fan of chinese restaurants, other than Panda Express, but this place is great. I'd recommend the sweet n sour chicken :) And the best part is, they deliver!
4	Quick and tasty! I love this place! The shrimp fried rice and the beef pepper steak are my faves. Super fast and friendly service.
1	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now, given the change of address we decided to give it a shot. It was horrible!!! Over priced as well as flavorless! China bistro is a thousand times better!
3	I've been going here for years. Convenient location for me. I've tried a few other Chinese take out places in the vicinity and none of them were as good. I feel like they're not as good as they use to be. The shrimp dishes aren't that great. But I always get General Chicken and Beef Pepper Steak...and they're both good. Prices are good and staff is nice.
5	The food is great. They just changed there menu and don't offer half-orders anymore. That is kinda a bummer, but the food is still worth the money. I typically get General Chicken and am never disappointed. Portion size is huge and always fresh.
4	Wow, Yelpers are harsh! I am a fan of China A Gogo. They cook all food fresh to order. Prices are reasonable. They deliver for free. The restaurant is clean.The price to food ratio is outstanding. I've order a few times and the sometimes throw on a free side dish.My favorite dishes are there gyoza dumplings (they're huge), honey walnut shrip, spring rolls, and Beef Pepper Steak. I've noshed on other tasty delights and they've been really tasty. Definitely worth a trip or giving them a call if you're in SW Vegas.
1	I went in and was greeted and helped with making my order which was nice...BUT THEN i watched as every employee ate and still performed there duties! it was the end of the night so maybe they didnt care?? i was horrified as i watched the cook stuff his mouth with meat as he cooked my food and the girl behind the cash registar ate off her plate and packed my food...i couldnt even speak i was shocked! i swore id never go back, it was disgusting...and unclean
5	Best Chinese fast food food yet. I order the lunch specials daily and always found them to be delicious. I have tried curry beef and chicken, kung pao chicken. Recently discovered the Mongolian beef and now I really like that one, reminds me of Korean / teriyaki bbq. Good value for the money and fills you up. Low salt and no msg. The lunch specials are from 11-4 daily but I have called a little before or after and no problem still ordering. Odd though there is a large sign outside for 10% off for happy hour 1-3pm. When I ask the clerk about the discount he said they no longer have that. Guess they are more focused on food? Try to get the 10% off if you can!
2	The food is just okay bit on the pricey side just moved to the area having a hard time finding good Chinese food in this area of town
1	China A SlowSlow.  If they were busy I would certainly cut them some slack, but the "chef" was busy messing with his iPhone, the woman behind the counter has zero people skills, and the food was bland.  The prices?  decent if the food had taste and came within an hour.  My advice?  Go in for lunch, order dinner, leave, come back.  I will not be back.
1	If I could give no star I would. My gf and I ordered delivery for us and her 2 young little brothers (6&8). Fresh out of school they were starving as well as us. We dug in as soon as it got to the house.5 mins into grubbing out, my gf stops eating and starts wailing her arms around gesturing for us to all stop eating, ran to the trash can and began throwing up everything. when she composed herself enough to tell us what was wrong, she said their was bugs in her food...yes...bugs...so i went to take a look at her plate (as well as the now curious boys), and sure enough, there was a caterpillar... you could see the whole head n lil legs , all that...of course the boys started freaking out, i started throwing up, it was all bad. We didnt know what dish it had came from, so none of them were safe to eat. We jumped in the car and drove down to china a go go, caterpillar in hand (well on plate) , and marched inside. the asian lady acted like it was no big deal! Looked at us and said "OH IT MUST HAVE BEEN IN THE BROCCOLI" lady...i do not want to hear u have CATERPILLARS in your broccoli!! why didn't you wash it before you cooked it?! so we ask for a manager...the asian guy, looked like a cook, emerges from the back smiling. like this is some funny shit...this is not a good time for you to be smiling while we are clearly upset. then he goes on saying he doesn't understand what we are trying to tell him as we are waving a plate with bugs in his face. so i just looked at the lady and told her to just give me back my money and we will be sending the bbb over. we can never eat china a go go again...
5	Great food/service. I tried 3 different things and it all tasted really good.
4	Typical CAGG.  Good food served quickly.  Large portions - easily 2 meals from even the lunch special.Reasonably priced too.
3	Not bad. Ate here the other night, service was decent. For an app I tried the butterfly shrimp which was pretty good. Had their chow mein for my main course and it was just alright. Not the best, but not too bad. I'll try again next time and see if I can update this review.
3	I've been ordering from this restaurant off and on for about a year during my working hours. The delivery is normally in the 20-30 minute range which is good, and the food is good and reasonably priced. The reason I'm rating 3 stars and not 4 however, is because every time I order some  china a Gogo I have to a Gogo to the bathroom, ALOT.
3	Came here after long afternoon of driving around town and needed a quick dinner. Chinese is usually a safe choice, so I figured, "why not?" Ordered the combination chow mein. Sat down and within 4 minutes my order was ready. Not bad, especially considering I was starving! Got home and started to dig in. Sadly, I was disappointed by the taste. The chow mein was very bland and greasy. Nothing to write home about which is such a shame because I live right around the corner and would have frequented the place a lot more. Fast service is a plus but when the food doesn't live up to expectations its hard to give this place more than 3 stars.
4	I really like this place. I am kind of weird. If I want Chinese I normally go to the buffet. This place is the only exception to that rule.Lets commence with the actual store. The location is very clean and organized. I am surprised that they have so many staff members being that is it kind of small. (maybe they have the whole family)My favorite dish here is egg fu yung! I tried it for the first time ever, and was shocked at what I had been missing out on. The use actual gravy at China A GoGo. (other places use what looks like Teriyaki sauce)Over all the fried rice was really good as well. Other places offer free egg rolls when you order so much food. In which case I do!  This particular locations doesn't. (which is whatever you know)I can't see my self giving them 5 stars yet that lack in the fried wonton area. They are very diminutive. The taste is on point, just need to work on size and crispness.
5	This is the go to place when we feel like Chinese food and we almost always eat here for lunch cuz the Chinese food always comes out hot and fresh it taste so good and authentic, cooks are Chinese!!! I luv the rice w/ spicy Mongolian beef!!!! Thai ice tea so good!!! Pretty much good fast food Chinese food!!!
1	FUCK THIS PLACE! This was our order: Shrimp & Snow Peas, Egg Plant & Tofu and Chow Mein. 1) The chow mein was really greasy/oily and so was the "stir fry" eggplant & tofu (which came out sitting in oil). 2) The shrimp & snow peas had a hair in it. After finding the strand of hair (a couple of bites into our meal), the cashier & server (both males) decided to clean out the trash bin. Some of the trash had spilled out & one of them picked it up bare-handed. After dealing with the trash both of these two morons didn't even wash their hands. They went right back to taking orders and sending out food. That was the sign for us to bail. I left disappointed, but also humored at how the employees still think they're in their 3rd world country. Never again...
5	Love the food! The employees always remember me and know my special requests. Great place for take out!!!! Never been let down and come here often.
1	I used to live near this Gogo a few years back. At the time I thought it was the best Chinese take out in Las Vegas. I moved away and  now Im back in the area, so I was excited to be able to order from this particular Gogo. Update. The driver remembered me, so that was real nice. He was always personable.The food quality and taste where not what they used to be. I order the Twice spicy cooked chicken and it was over run with hot red peppers to the point it was almost inedible. The bbq fried rice was awesome though. The next week I ordered mushu chicken. It was more like mushu chicken soup. I wound up putting the whole container in a colander to drain all the excess liquid. I wasn't happy at all. I gave Gogo one more chance after that, hoping they just had a bad night two (its real hard to find decent Chinese food out here). I kept my fingers crossed.I was heart broken. I ordered fried wontons, bbq sliced pork, and chicken with broccoli.The fried wontons were not crispy, in fact they were very soggy and mushy. The bbq sliced pork was like chewing leather . After eating 4 pieces I had to throw it out. The chicken and broccoli had so much ginger in it. It tasted like I was eating soap. I will not be eating from here again.Thank you, and good night.
4	This is a good place if you want fresh cooked chinese food. The people that work here are very friendly and are chinese, it looks like it's family owned but not entirely sure. Most of the times I usually get their lunch special orange chicken. It's really good and cheap for the amount you get! Which is a lot of orange chicken and white rice in an entree box.There was only one time they messed up on my order, they forgot to put my potstickers when I ordered takeout, but I just called them and they said I could come pick it up again or just come back the next day for a refund. Since it was late I picked it up the next day. Other than that, they have good chinese food if you want it quick but good quality. The fact that it is cooked fresh in front of you once you order it is a good thing, nothing like panda express where they have their food sitting out in the open under the heat. What's also important is that the staff keeps the place clean.
1	Bad Experience @this particular location....while myself and friends ordered the cook was on his cell phone texting. Once our orders were taken he put his phone in his pocket and grabbed a bowl, I immediately inquired if he was going to wash his hands. The cashier relayed the message to him and from that point on eyes rolled pots were slammed and the food was undercooked. #UNACCEPTABLE
3	We were craving Chinese food and looked up places in Chinatown but most closed at 10pm or earlier so we were out of luck on a sit down place. We were looking for something like the Great Wall: old, dark lighting, booth seating, authentic, with great hot tea. We didn't see anything that fit the bill so we decided to eat in, because there's nothing I dislike more than eating at the newer Chinese restaurants with a tiny storefront and a couple of wooden tables to sit and eat. Since China GoGo is closest to us, and we've had their food before, we knew it would satisfy our food craving. In the past, delivery sometimes gets a bit mixed up, so we chose to pick up. 1. Ordered food around 9pm on Friday night, they said it would be ready for pick up in 10 minutes! Talk about quick service! Very impressed with that.2. Arrived and the order was perfect, everything was packed. I appreciate their attention to detail. 5 stars for service, ease, attention to detail, & convenience 2. Ordered Family Dinner B and Combo noodles, chow mein, I think. The fatter noodles, chow mein combo, it was greasier than I liked, but the chicken and shrimp were tender. It needed extra soy sauce, the flavor could definitely be amped up in their noodles, so that was a minus. I'd say 2.5 stars for the noodles. Not awful, not great.I got the Shrimp with Snow Peas, my fave, the shrimp were tender, portion was huge and for fast food style Chinese, I was very happy. The dish had more flavor than the noodles. Came with white rice and the rice was done right. Overall, a 4 star for what it is.Boyfriend got the Beef Hunan,,crispy spicy beef. He usually gets Mo Gillian Beef but doesn't like their version. Loves PF Chang's with green beans instead of onions. YUM! But not from China GoGo, so he tried something new to us both. I tasted it and was surprised, reminded me of a sweet/spicy friend boneless  chicken I've had before from somewhere, but can't remember where. It was flavorful;  too spicy though, if you really want spicy this isn't for you. The one problem is the cornstarch breaking had a weird mouthfeel. Don't know what that was about kind of chalky. I would give the dish a 3.5 stars for Hunan Beef. Again, the rice was good.Corn egg flower Soup was included. It was bland, not as good as I've had before. 2.5 stars for the soup. Family Dinner B Came with fried shrimp, eggrolls and crab Rangoon. We didn't get enough of the sweet dipping sauce, minus points. I had a nite of each, enjoyed the egg roll, the fried shrimp were crisp but greasy, the Rangoon were yummy. Overall score for these were 3.5, because we needed more sauce and the grease factor. 4) I give them 3.5 stars overall, better than a 3 for the service and convenience. They lost points for some blandness, sparse serving of dipping sauce  & too much grease of some dishes. However, the food seems fresh, the value is great. You get a LOT of food for your money. Our bill was $40 for everything, and I think this is what you expect when you want fast food Chinese!
3	Just average Chinese food. The Hunan beef was pretty good, but there was nothing special about anything else. The hot and sour soup had a strange taste. I didn't know the portions are family style and I ended up ordering way too much food. I will try somewhere else before ordering from them again.
2	The Chinese food is good here, however their staff is sometimes rude! They don't have the courtesy to let you know they will be right w/you if they're busy. They'll just have you standing there until they're done basically. Also, there's a really rude girl in there that wears contacts that's very short w/customers! I guess they don't mind that it hurts their business. But I was a regular & have stopped going there.
2	Doubtful that I'll ever order take out and have it delivered from here again. Food is mediocre. Ordered take out last week and it took over 2 hours for the delivery guy to bring it. I spoke with the manager probably 7-8 times and each time they assured me they would be there in 10 mins. After everything was said and done they remade the food and gave me a partial discount. Definitely wasn't worth it! I should also say, I live less than 1 mile from them...had I known it was going to be that much trouble I would've just went to pick it up myself.
4	Just as good as all the other China-A-Go-Go's -- Stick with the chow mien (lo mien) and the shrimp-and-chicken pad thai -- they have this special asparagus chicken but the asparagus is hard and kinda crunchy... not soft and buttery like us Americans like it
5	Best Chinese food ever! Soooo addictive! Try the ginger beef. I cannot get enough of it. And the soup is out of this world. Everyhting is amazing! And their proportions are totally generous. Omg! Get me the phone! :)))
4	I ordered General Tsao's chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, and egg drop soup. The portions were generous, and everything was fresh. The General's chicken had just enough vegetables, and sauce. The egg rolls were crispy, and tasted like they had just rolled them. The fried rice tasted made to order as well. Will definitely be a regular customer.
5	Love this place, great service good food inexpensive and they hussle to get you out on togo orders.
3	If you're looking for run of the mill Chinese food look no farther! This place is close to my house so whatever, I'll probably come back. But there is nothing special about it.  I had the (soggy) potstickers, corn egg flower soup and the shrimp with lobster sauce. About a cup too much salt for me. If I go back I'll ask for no salt!
2	The kung pao chicken was extremely bland and, like a previous reviewer said, was very heavy on the zucchini. I'm not a big fan of spicy things, but I love the rich blends of ginger and garlic you usually get with kung pao. This restaurant doesn't offer that. I couldn't taste anything in this sauce.
5	Prompt service and very quite intimate setting
4	Just found this little spot around the corner from me and I'm glad I did. I grew up in NY around the corner from a great Chinese spot and miss the food. Went there twice since I've been here in Vegas and the food was perfect both times. Good healthy food and portions, prices are reasonable.
