4	First of all, this review is not for the smoothies.  The review is for the food. I'm at Red Rock at least once a week during the NFL season.  There are plenty times when I'm starving and want something quick that isn't their buffet, cafe, or restaurants.  So, where do I go?  The food court of course and this time Tropical Smoothie.My first visit at Tropical Smoothie was a couple of months ago.  Reviewed the menu and saw that at least the pictures looked good. I settled for the $3.99 Chicken Pesto in flatbread. Since their smoothies are a bit pricey, I assumed that the Chicken Pesto was small. So, I ordered 2.  The Chicken Pesto was really good.  Melted cheese, just the right amount of pesto, and thick pieces of chicken. All in a heated thick piece of flatbread. To my surprise, each Chicken Pesto was pretty big too.  I was almost full after devouring one.  Still had one more to go and my mom didn't raise a quitter, so I ate the other.  Since my first visit, I've been here about 5 more times and when it comes to service, they have it right. Scary that they even know me by name and have my order started before I make it to check out.  Move over Rubio's and Fatburger, I think I found my new go to food court item while I'm at Red Rock. I can't wait to try the other sandwiches.
1	For some reason, this location does not make the smoothies like the other stores around Vegas. The smoothies here taste like blended ice. They don't even blend the smoothies enough. They taste more like slush than smoothies. This has happened on several occasions.
2	I haven't been to a tropical smoothie in a long time, and I used to think their food was decent, even if a bit overpriced. First it started off badly when I was the only one at the counter and there were three young women behind the counter and I politely waited for 5 minutes until I asked if someone would take my order, then a middle age male comes from behind the back to take my order and what I assume is his 5 year old son comes up and stands next to him, I'm ok with bring your kid to work day if that's what it was; but someone who saw me waiting could of gotten him, if they are not allowed to take orders. I ordered the chicken Cesar wrap and I have to admit that it was pretty gross. The chicken was mushy, almost like the chicken was made for a chicken salad or for someone without teeth. I though the wrap would have strips of chicken breast in it, but it did not. With other food court option in the area, I will not be coming back here
1	The smoothies were super icy, sour and sometimes flavorless. I do not recommend getting a smoothie at this location.
4	I feed my big-time gambling addition ($20 max per night, oh maybe a rare $40) once a week at Red Rock.  And most of those nights I have to feed me, too.  Where else is quick and reasonably priced but the food court?  Sometimes it's Rubio's, sometimes Capriotti's, and once in a while, it's Tropical Smoothie.  I've never ordered a smoothie in my life.  Okay, call me un-American, I can take it.  But I have ordered food on more than one occasion, though have never written a review until now.  Each time I eat there, I'm always afraid the food isn't going to be fresh, because I almost never see anyone ordering ANYTHING there.  I'm happy to report that it is, and that it's also very good.This time I tried their new Chipotle Cranberry Turkey Club.  I had them hold the bacon, because I'm that weirdo who actually looks at the nutritional info they have available, and figured I'd save a few calories.  But I got everything else - the turkey, cheddar and spinach, which was deliciously raw.  The cheese was toasted onto the bread.  A chipotle cranberry sauce added a little bit of zip to the turkey, which hallelujah! was not overly salty.  But it was the bread that made me a believer.  This is multi-grain bread that they say is thinly sliced, but it was thick enough for me.  It was lightly toasted - too lightly - but it was filled with all kinds of crunchy seeds that added a whole different dimension to the sandwich.  I despise whole wheat bread, mainly because it's always too sweet - if I want cake, I'll eat cake.  But this was not whole wheat.  I LOVED IT!  And guess what?  I'm gonna have another one during this week's charitable donation staycation at Red Rock.  Tropical Smoothie rocks!
