5	Since moving back to Las Vegas we have had nearly the entire inside of our home, including wooden railings repainted by Freeman Painting.   The just recently finished painting the entire outside of the house, including all stucco walls (also repaired places  on them) doors, iron fencing and iron railings.   Having lived in 4 states since retiring we have a lot of experience in having homes painted, as well as painting ourselves.    Without a doubt Freeman Painting is the very best with the fairest prices of any we have ever used.   His work crew treats your home as if it is their very own.   Lee, the owner, is on the scene every morning and afternoon to insure the job is coming along as promised and he is very easy to work with and make changes as the job progresses.   We broke down our painting projects into several major batches of work over several months since they were so extensive and to meet our budget.   Each project was completed as promised, on time with no additional costs!When the spray painted an extensive amount of wooden spindle railings inside our home they took their time in hanging plastic curtains to prevent overspray getting on rugs and marble flooring.   I had been very worried about this part of the job as I have a bit of experience in spray painting myself, so I was delighted when not a single speckle of paint was found out of place!   They also repaired a crack that had appeared in the ceiling 22 feet high.   That job also was finished very professionally.They removed a wallboard mantle and the granite surrounding our gas fireplaces (3), repaired the wall board and then repainted the metal portion of the fireplaces to match our decor.Freeman painting's professionalism is of the highest degree, delightful to work with and deliver what they promise to your satisfaction, and all at a very fair price!   We recommend them without equivocation and they are our painting company from now on!
5	I have used Ron's company several times.  They have painted both the exterior of my house and several interior jobs as well.  Every time they are prompt, meticulous and charge fair rates based on quotes I've obtained.  Will definitely use them again and recommend them highly.
5	My experience with Freeman Painting was professioanl and pleasant, from beginning to end.  Ron showed up for a quote when he said he would, and gave me a very reasonable price.  I was also impressed that his profesional crew had been with him 10 years, and they had known each other for 15 years.  He also had all the required insurance and licenses to do business.I wanted the ceilings and walls painted in our three story townhouse and was concerned about the heights (14 feet) and the potential mess.  The crew came in and taped everything off, and covered everything with plastic.  The entire job was done spraying.  They were done in two days, the plastic and tape was removed and there was very little mess to clean after.  Ron and his crew walked through and touched up any areas that needed it, and made sure I was happy with the work before even asking for payment.A great experience!  You can't go wrong with Freeman Painting!
