5	Very good customer service here.THey have it figured out, you are walking by on a cold day and see someone with a tray of steaming cups of tea...once you drink one you're of course obligated to go inside, (plus it tasted and smelled great).  So I end up not looking for tea at all, and spending a hundred bucks or so on tea and tea paraphanalia....I've been drinking a lot of tea lately.Great place, as I said very helpful staff that will guide you to something you like.  There's a new one that opened in my neighborhood right on Monkland so will likely shop here more often when I have a hankering for tea.
4	Prefer this location to the other one downtown, however small, there are stools in front of the window and a small counter. At least here you can actually sit down and enjoy your tea and the customer service is quite good even when it's busy, though not as busy EVER as the other one
5	Uh oh I think I've joined the tea party!I've always found DavidsTea extremely appealing even though I never considered myself a tea drinker, or consumer of any hot beverage in fact. They excel in brand identity and marketing - from their youthful and chic outlook on the loose leaf to their fashionable teal trademark. DavidsTea is the Tiffany's, or "little blue box" of tea!I've visited a couple DavidsTea locations, I've always noticed that their staff, or "tea ambassadors," as the company calls them, is very customer driven, knowledgeable and friendly. The service is impeccable. You walk in, you get served samples of the day, they hand out a pamphlet with all their available variety and if this is your first time buying tea - they'll give you a quick run down of everything you oughta know.So much selection to choose from, there's something for everyone. I personally love the fruity infusions with actual pieces of fruits or the more gourmand aromas, like "creme brulee" or "birthday cake".All I have to say is bravo for this Montreal company in building such a brand out of their brews.
5	I never understood the hype with tea. I mean, its just tea right? Oh you are so wrong! Walking into David's Tea is more than just buying a cup of tea and calling it a day. It's an entire experience. You walk in and are promptly greeted by a "tea ambassador" carrying a tray of hot/cold tea depending on the season.  Every day they have a particular tea of the day (that they let you know about via Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram).I walked in with my husband one day wanting to find a good white tea. I heard white tea was good for your because of all of the antioxidants etc. When I explained to the young man serving me what I was looking for he offered up a few different white teas and then even mentioned the Skinny Oolong tea (I was looking for something healthy and to help promote weight loss). He explained that the tea wasn't a laxative tea, just something to stimulate your digestive system and that he drank it daily, he made me a cup and I was sold. Not for the health benefits but because I love anything that has ginger as a main ingredient.I was hooked from that day forward. I can't even begin to tell you the amount of money I have spent on tea, accessories, and gifts.  I got gift cards for my birthday from David's Tea and have a fully stocked tea cabinet at home. Not only are their teas exceptional so are their accessories. I bought the Timilino travel cup and LOVE it. I more than love it. I hate drinking hot tea. I always manage to burn my tongue. This travel cup keeps the tea hot for hours on end... so what do I do? I boil my water, steep the tea, remove the tea from the holder, and seal the travel cup closed at night (around midnight). When I wake up and get to work around 9am the tea is still warm. It's not HOT but its no where near cool, its a nice warm temperature. It still warms you up in the -30 weather we have. Oh, did you know that if you don't like a tea that you purchased you can bring back the unused portion and get an instore credit? I didn't either until I mentioned something on their Facebook page and they told me! I've cut back on my coffee intake replacing it with a nice warm ( and sometimes cold) cup of tea! (If you bring in your own David's Tea travel cup to a store you can get an iced tea for $1 in the summer, and a discount off a hot cup in the winter!)
