4	I wanted to try this when I was here last year, but I had to wait a year.  Like many similar spots throughout the different casinos this is a frozen drink and bottled beer stand that serves blended slush like drinks in both alcoholic and non-alcoholic versions.  This one is located just outside of the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino's Street of Dreams next to the Starbucks at the foot of the escalators leading visitors to the Aria/Crystals/Bellagio free tram.  The location is in a bad spot hidden from view from visitors exiting the Street of Dreams shops.  There is bar seating and small round tables nearby as the Monte Carlo website depicts (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nAQtZgjU0fAjAtWtCETkew?select=HWH4uputadH926t3vAqz6A).My friends walked over to Starbucks for some after-dinner coffee, but since I don't drink coffee I decided to have an alcoholic slushie instead.  Of the eight or so blended concoctions I went with the 16 ounce Blue Ice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nAQtZgjU0fAjAtWtCETkew?select=w-MIlrBEGwq3Sh1GUL7g9g) made with SKYY Citron Vodka partly because I'm attracted to blue colored drinks like blue Gatorade, blue PowerAde, Blue Raspberry Slurpees from 7-11 or blue cream soda.  The vodka taste stood out quite well and with the exception of a few spells of brain freeze I enjoyed the drink very much.The flavor was neither too sweet nor too tart.  It was a very good smurfy blue after-dinner refresher.  The $8 price for a 16 ounce serving was exactly the same as all the other similar frozen alcohol blender stands we saw at other casinos along the Strip.  Jello shots are also available but not every night.
4	Go ahead and grab yourself a yard drink, you're in Vegas, after all! Its like drinking a smoothie, only with alcohol in it.
4	It is located by the Monte Carlo hotel, so we came here often whenever we wanted to get an alcoholic slushie! Love that they let you sample to your hearts content. I really like the strawberry daquiri and the mango one! Yummy.
2	There are many of these frozen drink stands all over the Strip, but this one stands out most for having a drink that must not have any alcohol in it. The Tropical Mojito is an interest combination of mango and mint that my friend ended liking. If I was looking to get an $8 Slurpee then it would have hit the spot. It is good when a drink hides the alcohol well, but there was not even a buzz going at this point. Failed attempt at trying to get the bride buzzed before Zumanity. It would be worthwhile to just go to the bar right next door to get drinks.
4	8 dollar  frozen drinks.. not bad for the non-gamblers looking for a quick and cheap sugary drink to pass time while people watching.I ordered the Pink Lemonade (Citron). It was pretty good. The Jack and Cola was more Jack than cola.. AND that is a very good thing.
4	This rating is for the location inside NYNY.Got the yard for $16 (but it's really only a half yard tall).You get the keep the plastic cup after drinking.All the drinks are frozen and they don't put much alcohol inside (2 shots in the yard), so you get a sweet taste.Perfect for the person who wants a small buzz without the alcohol taste.Loved the strawberry daquiri and pina colada mixed.I'm sure the other flavors are just as good.
1	Being that you are in Las Vegas, you know you want one of those big long tall cups to walk around the strip and the casino drinking away your alcoholic beverage ready to give some life to the night. I was sucked into creating this momento in my last Las Vegas visit. I should have asked and checked yelp first but I didn't, if I did, I might not have purchased the Big Chill drink... here are my reasons why:1. I was totally surprised to see that there was no line to place an order here so I was pretty excited about that. There was only one person working behind the bar and he was very unapproachable. I asked if I was able to taste the flavors prior to purchasing my drink and he said yes so I did. I asked him for his favorites, tasted those and the ones I wanted to try as well. He never in the whole time that I was there smiled at me or even bother having small talk... kinda sad. I did not like that at all.2. NO DISCOUNTED REFILLS!!!!! With this being said, you will be stuck with a giant cup that just maybe... maybe be able to reuse for like a piggy bank or something. It was pretty lame. I ended up reusing it with my own booze though and then tossed it. Fat Tuesday though does give you the refills for a discounted price.3. Light alcohol flavor... I like the taste of alcohol, what can I say... unfortunately this drink was light for my taste but not overly sweet so that was a good thing. I paid about $17 bucks for my big chill drink (my flavor was the Blue Ice) for maybe two shots of vodka in it. I guess you can say it was about 8 dollars a shot. This is basically a slurpee with a few shots of booze that will lead to a brain freeze here and there. The husband had a few sips himself and kept mixing the drink around thinking that the alcohol was sitting at the bottom.. to his taste, the alcohol was well mixed in there and he could still taste it. Location: In the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino near a Starbucks right when you are gonna go catch the tram to hit up Aria and the Crystal shops. One star for an ok tasty slurpee drink and the convenient location.
