4	We were there...again, today.  My four year old has four bears.  She is addicted.  We try to avoid walking by the store when we are at the mall because of her reaction.  Today, they had a special, which I think runs until August 18.  Any bear, any outfit, and any shoes for $29.99.  BTW-total steal if you have ever bought one.  The staff is super nice.  Always helpful and friends.  I was a bit ashamed and surprised that the manager recognized my daughter.  Oy!  Highly suggest that if your child has even a little bit of an addiction, you should join the club.  They sent me a $10 gift card a few months ago, so we popped in and bought an outfit, which makes the animal anew!My daughter has a panda, a purple bear, Hello Kitty, and now a purple cat.  My son, which my husband despise that he likes this place, has a Batman, Anakin Skywaker, and Storm Trooper.  (He lost Spiderman a number of years ago and was very sad). Husband hates the place, only because he thinks its genius and wishes he thought of it!
4	Considering that I came to Build-A-Bear for a pointless, frustrating adult team building experience, I had a wonderful experience with the store and the staff.The process is very engaging and I can see how this would be a great place for a child's birthday party.
5	Fayth (my 11year old daughter) has been a fan of build a bear for about 5 years now. She has a total of 7, or 8, or 9. Honestly I just know the number is too hi, seriously who needs this many build-a-bears?! Yet every time we go, I think I enjoy myself as much as she does. On this trip we went because we are participating in a project similar to Flat Stanley, where you mail a friend around the country and journal your time with them. Well this particular project includes Harley the cat from B-a-B. We bought Harley a tiny suitcase for her trip. While there we also bought some of the Harajuku brand clothes for some of  Fayth's current friends. They always have tons of selections of animals to stuff, outfits to dress them in, and accessories that stuffed animals really don't need. But naming them and stuffing and fluffing seems to be part of the fun. They really let the bear owner run the show. In most cases that's the kid. Until she grows out of this phase, we will continue to shop here. They also offer tons of coupons if you sign up with their bear club.
