5	It had been a long day at work yesterday, being short staffed, so I had a huge grin on my face when both hands on my clock turned to 5:00pm.  I was supposed to watch a Volleyball game with my cousin and then go out to eat with him.  "Dammit!  I knew I shouldn't have picked up the phone when my mom called," were my thoughts after the phone call.  Mother wanted me to pick out paint colors at Home Depot.  I never knew that would take longer than 15 minutes so I told my cousin I would be a little late.  An hour and a half later we were still there.  TRAGEDY!  All plans of being in another restaurant and yelping about it after was ruined.  Or so I thought.I don't remember the name of the guy that helped us at Home Depot in the Paint Department.  He helped us around 7pm - 8:30pm.  If I could give props to someone who gave tremendous, above and beyond, and outstanding service it would be to that guy.  The Paint Guy at Home Depot!!!  From being patient in answering all the questions we had regarding the different types of paints to helping us choose combinations of colors to mix together was phenominal.  The biggest plus is his patience.  There was a line behind us and normally in this situation the employee would normally crack under pressure, get annoyed with us, and try to get rid of us quickly just to clear the line.  Nope, not him.  He was there till the very end with us.  My applause to you, Paint Guy from Home Depot.This is the first time my mom didn't asked about price difference in anything and I believe it was because he was so accomodating and so kind that she overlooked it.  It was only after we got the bill that she freaked out.  Over $200 on paint materials.  It's true what they say, kindness and help with a smile outweighs price.
1	This place should be called Illegal Immigrant Depot.  I swear Im not shopping at this place anymore.   So I need to buy a new tool box. Im roaming around the isles, and of course none of these fucking employees can help me. I finally find the isle they are in and low and behold, they have 4 styles to choose from. What the Fuck!!!!  This is a goddamn hardware superstore and all you dumbshits have are 4 styles? Plus I had to wait 20 minutes before I finally gave up on the punked out idiot in his 20's sitting on a bucket looking at me while drooling on his self. Did I mention this shit is an employee, yeah, what happened to "May I help you?"  Fuck Vegas.  He finally answers me thru his drug induced haze and says "no dude we only got the 4 styles. How bout a tool belt?"  If I wanted a fucking tool belt numbnuts I would have asked for one. Has this jerk off ever held a hammer?  So I go up to the help desk only to find some beached whale of a lady who replies to my questions about tool boxes "so you use those to put tools in huh? not sure we carry those."  I wish I could have bitch slapped her fat ass.  And to top it all off, are all the fucking illegal wetback stinky bastards out in the parking lot standing around waiting for someone to give them some cheap under the table labor. Any one who hires these human rejects needs to branded a traitor and shot. Here's why, Im leaving the store and driving on my way out. Thank god Im a cautious driver. One of the fucking illegals throws himself in front of my car to try and get hit. THis fucking turd is trying to get hit so he can get insurance money out of me.  He starts laughing like it's all some fucking joke. After biting down my anger and leaving I spent the rest of the evening fantasizing about how I could have gunned it, mowed him down, then turned the car on the rest of the fucking illegals there.  Dont support this store, go somewhere else.
4	One of the rentals needed some repairs, so I stopped by this HD to pick up some supplies.  It use to be my go to HD when I lived nearby, now I only use it for repairs on the rentals.  The store is well organized and kept clean.....the employees are always helpful.  On this past visit, I needed to find a specific type of screw, the associate in Hardware helped me find it.....I was in/out in 10 minutes.  Perfect.Return Factor - 75%
4	Ever since becoming recent homeowners, my husband and I have been shopping here pretty often. Can't go wrong with our neighborhood Home Depot - huge home improvement store that is clean and has just about everything we need for our house!Customer service is sometimes a hit or miss. On some days, there are 3 or more employees who approach us and ask if we need help. Then there are other days when we really need to ask questions about something and there is no one around except for the cashiers in the front of the store. But most of the time, the employees are friendly and happy to help out. I really give them credit for knowing possibly everything and anything about home improvement! Whether I ask a simple question like what brand of air filter is reliable and fits my needs? or a difficult question, such as what kind of adapter would I need to do this....?, the employees are always very knowledgeable and helpful! I also appreciate how they tell you the truth and don't try to sell you the most expensive items that they carry. They also have a great 90-day return policy. I have never had any problems returning opened merchandise that didn't work out. I will definitely be back again!
5	Great home improve store, big, has everything you'd need, but it's a warehouse store with lots of isles, so no in and out here, you have to know where you are going or ask to find something, unless you have time to hunt.Staff is courteous and helpful, so if you need to ask they'll take you right too it.  Large selection, decent prices, not a bad store for the do it you self-er.
4	Hell of a lot better variety and prices then Lowes.  Lowes is over priced, and there is never anyone to help you and I never find what I need compared to when I goto home depot.  Home depot always has someone around to help. They are always my first choice when I need stuff.
3	This is very comprehensive Home Depot. Good for all your home improvement needs. Nice staff. However, it is really obnoxious being bombarded by day workers flagging you down, stepping near your car in the parking lot before you enter the store. I have no problem with day workers, perhaps they could reside in a certain area as opposed to wandering around the parking lot entrances and exits harassing anyone who enters or exits the general parking lot (even if you are not going to Home Depot!) 3 stars.
4	Home depot in general is a big store they pretty much carry everything you would need to fix or remodel your home or build you a home  Service and knowledgeable staff is hit or miss mostly miss , they are alright if you need directions to find something but as far as helping you once you get there is another story.           Overall it's a good store and if your like me a tool junky it can be interesting.
3	A great store for your fixer uper needs, but the staff generally does not have a clue about what anything is.  If they just gave the staff a training course it would be great!
4	Occasionally I like to browse through the depot like I'm CERTAIN I know what I'm doing and what EXACTLY it is I'm looking for, but the truth is everything to me looks like a thingy and does this turn thing when you move this that way...Anyways, the associates were very helpful and pointed me in the right direction whenever I showed a picture of an object like I'm a 2 year old with flash cards.  Love this store and will definitely be back with my flash cards. LoL
3	I've had mixed experiences with this location as far as customer service goes. The first time I came in for some orchid food, herbs for potting and some soil. I grabbed a big bag of soil, I think 20 lbs and set it on the counter in their outdoor section. I inquired about the orchid food, and the cashier had no idea what I was talking about. Maybe a language barrier? A fellow customer overhears after I repeated myself for the third time, and takes me over the orchid food, which was very sweet of him. I grab it and head back to the register, and the cashier announces that she just closed. Could she not have mentioned that she was closing in 2 minutes when I set down the 20 lb bag of soil? Or waited for me to come back with the orchid food before closing?I then have to tote this giant bag with my other soon-to-be purchases, for which I didn't grab a cart, all the way across the store. Home Depots are really big, and I am a small person- tall but small. I have spaghetti arms, thin, noodley, limp. The lady at the register didn't offer to get me a cart or anything. So I carried it all the way there. Poor customer service.However, on my most recent trip, I went in for light bulbs. With two burnt out in the bathroom, I feared bats were going to being occupying the space, so I finally made my way back here to fix the problem. On this occasion, I was offered help finding light bulbs by three different people, only two of which worked there. So, spot on with that and being able to answer all of my questions about LEDs and light saving options.It might just be the garden department that is grumpy. That department is definitely lacking as far as stock goes as well. Compared with other Home Depots, their garden section is pretty sparse with some interesting selections in plants seeing as how the majority of their selection can't withstand the desert. If someone has successfully grown gardenias and they've bloomed in the desert without the buds falling off, I salute your insanely green thumb!
2	This place is big and the definitely have nice selection of everything.  Problem is that their prices are to high. Everything there is so expensive and makes no since.  A lot of their products you can find  also at Walmart for 30% less. They are lucky they don't have a lot of competition.
5	It's not this HD in particular but all locations..every employee knows where everything is in the store. & that is so impressive to me cause there is so much stuff in HD!
4	One of my favorite locations, just because it is close to my house (~ 2 miles away) Prior this to opening, the closest one for this side of town, was Rainbow and Charleston.. Kind of far.... but couldn't complain much because it was still avail.In comparison to the two, this one is pretty much the same except it doesn't have a rental section. Rental's are for tools, trucks, etc for those who dont want to buy the tool and just temporarily use for a project. But anyway, this location has served its purpose countless times.A few years ago, (im not that old, late teens/early 20s), i had came up with a project. The project involved building a desk, from scratch. I had drawn out a design, with measurements on how big i want it, thickness, drawer designs, etc. The employees of this location, at the time, was super helpful (one was even surprised someone of my age, or anyone in that matter, would have such a detailed designed drawn own on paper). Building a desk of course requires wood, and was decided upon a maple plywood (nice light color, peachy in a way, and widely stainable). Also at that time, they had charged for cutting wood in store after a few cuts, but they were so nice and wanting to help, they didn't charge me. Even after cutting a few sheets of 4' x 8' plywood to size. At this period of time, i had visited the store a lot, so a lot of employees actually knew me after a while. Always nice to have employees remember you :P (on good occasions of course... LOL)As time passed, employees change and what not. Service is still great. Nice, close location for those sudden project ideas (recently had one last weekend and built a pair of bookshelf speaker stands) or on emergency replacement part needs :P *Side Note* if you need some manual labor help, there's always a few mexican guys sitting around the entrances from flamingo and from ft apache... XD never used them but i've heard they charged $10/hr per person.
4	What can you say about a stop at Home Depot?  I was out of kitchen flood light bulbs.  I had another stop in this area so I thought I'd kill two birds with one stone.There were few customers and parking was close to the entrance.  The door opened directly on the lighting aisle so I didn't have far to go.The self checkout was a breeze and I was on my way in less than 5 minutes.  That's really good!
3	Home Depot, it's not the best. However, it's close and somewhat convenient?I stop here occasionally for hardware, or gardening needs. I stopped here to get a key made. They had moved the key counter... After walking around the store, I finally found an employee. He advised me of where they moved it. When I find it, I see a guy working in the section... I asked him for help, and he told me it wasn't his area and he'd get the guy I needed. Seems like it never fails at Home Depot... There's a person working a section, when you need help... It's not their area!I've bought a lot of plants here. They seem to do very well. Probably better than any other nursery! I guess I shop here for the convenience.
2	Starting using lowes, as customer services and stock is not up to par, If you must use a home depot - the one on Charleston is better run, and has more.
3	TLDR: self-checkout available; service when asked; not too busy with customersHome Depot is one of three hardware stores that I frequent if I need something quick like PVC pipe or mulch. This location is conveniently located next to the freeway and a Fatburger in case shopping for lightbulbs makes you hungry. I came to actually pick up a toilet seat and boy do they have options. They have plastic, wood, wood enameled, and some with nightlights. WTF. Nightlights?!? Just turn on the night? Who goes peeing in the dark? Whatever. Prices are not the best, but they'll suffice. If you're looking for help, look harder. There's not that many people on the flood and they don't even say hello. But if you ask them for help, they will be extra knowledgeable and provide input. Clearly they don't work on commission, but a simple hello shouldn't be that hard to provide.
1	Under staffed, they took away 3 human jobs and added this self check out, I don't support those things so I use the normal register, hard to find help in this store
5	Excellent Home Depot, this is one of the cleanest in town.  The associates are always helpful when needed.
3	It's a nice place to find a lot of things but at the same time Home Depot competitors have stuff that they don't and they should have in stock! One more thing is about their pricing they advertise to be the cheapest out there but that's not the reality from my experience today after shopping around with a few places.
4	his place is awesome for hardware and lawn supplies. I have bought tons of plants from The Home Depot, and they always flourish. And they usually have a good variety of plants to choose from indoor and outdoor plants. I have also found lots of tools and other odds and ends here. They also have lawn furniture. They seem to have reasonable prices, and the employees seem relatively friendly.
4	I ordered some stuff online that was on a slickdeals and had to pick it up in store.Besides the arduous process to checking out online (which was deplorable) picking up in store was relatively painless.The women at the customer service was courteous, kind, and quick in their verification and checkout process. The Home Depot is big, clean, and in a good location.  Parking lot is pretty much overkill.
