5	Where can I start? First, Andrea, the founder and "SOLE" proprietor of Feetish (ya gotta love the name!), is the sweetest gal you'd ever meet. The Feetish Spa is beautifully appointed, on the 2nd floor of an incredibly funky and wonderful creative arts building called Emergency Arts, in downtown Las Vegas, on Fremont St.Since she's a licensed esthetician and massage therapist, she can completely take care of you head to toe. I got two of her services bundled: a wonderful back treatment (ahhh) and the Signature Feetment (gotta love that name, too!). I got her Signature Facial the next day, which also included a complimentary brow shaping and waxing. Nice touch. She also throws in a full size bottle of peppermint foot balm with the Signature Feetment, also a wonderful surprise. I felt so relaxed after the treatment, I just wanted to wallow in the post-massage zone!I had been in Vegas at a convention for a few days and my puppies were pooped out after walking around so much. I stumbled into Feetish on the recommendation of a Las Vegas local friend of mine and I can't thank them enough. I am going to visit Andrea and Feetish Spa every time I am in town. You should, too!
5	I had no idea that there was such a talented enchanting spa space downtown.Located in the back of the second floor of Emergency arts and the Beat Coffee shop, this little gem is awaiting to sweep you off your feet via the best facial ever!I was lucky enough to get a 75 minute break from reality and the outcome was baby ass smooth face with the extractions being done by the gentlest pair of hands ever. Never had my nose get clear of blackheads without shedding a tear and feeling relaxed throughout. Treat yourself or a friend to the best face treatment ever and come out feeling like a star!
5	What a great find! Nestled in a downtown building bustling with creative types is a comfy spa that offers all the services you find in a huge spa for much less. You get super personalized service and Andrea, the owner, is awesome, patient and always makes sure that the customer is satisfied. Don't expect the massage to come with anything inappropriate, just expect it to be great. Well worth a trip from the strip, we came all the way from NYC to go here!
5	Wow! I have had many pedicures in my time due to ongoing foot issues. This was without a doubt the best ever. Feetish Spa is quiet and relaxing with a unique decor that will definitely be remembered as a unique spot in Fremont East. Each client is gets the full attention of  Andrea's amazing time and skills. Will be back as this my new Las Vegas pedicure spot!
5	Andrea is lovely and I was so glad when she announced nail services.  I got 60 min pedicure. Gel polish is a complimentary choice here NOT an upsell, way cool! Foot rubs are her specialty, which are enjoyed while reclining on comfy massage bed. I noticed the ornate looking ceiling panels Andrea installed were so much fancier than the grids throughout Emergency Arts. Even the floors are done to match the deep cozy tones of her decor.  She gave me extra time during my appointment, which she had made same day for after hours slot! Downtown gem for sure, and don't worry about walking out post pedi she splurges on extra durable flip flops for you:)
5	We were on a little vacation in Downtown Las Vegas. My husband had set up an appointment for me for a massage and facial and surprised me with it. Andrea is so sweet and her place is comfy and sets a perfect ambiance for you to relax during your treatment. It's just her in this room that is divided with curtains for privacy etc. So it's not a huge massage center which is great because it is more personal and quiet. She is very skilled at massaging. I will absolutely make an appointment again, next time I'm in the area.
5	The Pedicure from a guys point of view -An hour with Andrea is something that every guy should experience  once in his life.  Although I don't think that once will be enough. I have  had lots of pedicures but this experience was better in every way!   After visiting  Feetish Spa, I love downtown even more than I did before!Do your feet a big favor~  Upstairs in the Emergency Arts building (Beat Coffee Shop)it's a seance for the feet (that's a inside joke)
5	I just had the most relaxing 75 minutes of my life. I got the massage facial combo, and it was one of the best life choices I've ever made. It's a gorgeous little space, and Andrea couldn't be more skilled or welcoming. My only wish is that Feetish had a more visible street presence (I only knew it existed because I was wandering through the art gallery in the building and stumbled across it.) Do yourself a favor a book an appointment next time you're headed downtown. Just don't book it when I want to go, or not only will I regret telling you about it, I'll resent you so hard we can never be friends.
5	An absolute gem in downtown Las Vegas. I discovered its existence via its stellar Yelp reviews and wanted to "pass it on" by posting my own favorable opinion. Andrea (who is adorable) runs this small operation in the Emergency Arts building (across from the El Cortez casino). Booking online via her website was simple and my massage was excellent and extremely fairly priced. I will go out of my way to return the next time I am in town.
5	I'm with Evelyn C. on this -- I'm almost hesitant to write a review because I don't want to have to compete to get in, but Andrea is just too good to keep quiet about.I'm a former college athlete with a lot of old, nagging injuries that I'm pretty regularly doing some kind of physical therapy to correct.  I do whatever is needed to maintain my crazy, active lifestyle and regular deep tissue massage is a big part of that.  I have seen probably 40 or 50 massage therapists all across the world and like to find someone I can go back to over and over again.  I just moved to Las Vegas a few weeks ago, and I am so lucky to have found Andrea on my first try.First, she's strong.  That's a must for me.  I love the pain.  She has the capability to do as deep, or as soft as you want.  She's just got the touch that you can't really teach and zones in on your trouble areas like there's a big, flashing neon light pointing her to them.Second, she's one of the kindest people I've met and will make you feel comfortable right from the start.  So important when you're going to be stripping down and having someone touch your body.Third, she takes extreme pride in her work and in sending you out feeling your best.  Both times I have seen her she has gone over my time (after asking if it was OK or if I had time restrictions.)  She also tried to not charge me for that extra time, which is ridiculously generous.  I know I'm a tough patient -- I have a lot of problem areas to work out.  It's awesome to have someone who is excited by that challenge.Fourth, she kind of started/ran all the big spas in town before opening her own studio, so she has all of those little fancy extras that I'm not used to from the usual massage studios.  She has hot towels with aroma therapy that she incorporates, and will throw in some hot stone massage or whatever else she feels is going to help you, also no extra charge.Finally, you're not going to get a better deal anywhere.  Her pricing is so incredibly reasonable, especially considering the quality of service you're getting.  I've never tried her other services, but I can only imagine that she is fantastic at everything she does.  I'm going to book up her entire schedule one of these days and do my own little Feetish Spa day.
5	I just returned from a truly superb spa experience at Feetish.  The proprietor, Andrea, is not only a consummate professional who did an amazing job of cleaning up my callused, neglected heels, but she is also a delightful person, who is intelligent, witty, empathetic and charming.I don't write many reviews on Yelp, but really felt I had to share my blissful experience.  I'm beyond delighted with my tidy and streamlined feet, and will be back for a massage soon.  Feetish is an outstanding salon, and a real treasure for those who live or visit Downtown.
