4	Overall, it was a good experience.  The Wreck sandwich was very tasty and the price with chips and a drink was reasonable.  Others have complained that the sandwiches were too small but I thought the portion was perfect for lunch.
4	First time eating at a Potbelly shop. To be honest, I came here because I was looking at stocks to invest in and I read that Potbelly was good. My impression? They are so good that I feel bad for the Wildflower bread company a few shops down. Don't get me wrong, Wildflower is good, and is great for business lunches or perhaps bringing your parents to; but for the average Joe who just wants a cheap, delicious, lunch, you can't compete with Potbelly in terms of price vs quality. I think Potbelly will steal a lot of customers away from Wildflower who don't feel like paying 7-10 bucks for a sandwich. Great place. Amazing chicken and cheddar sandwich.
5	I was super excited when I saw they added a Potbelly to North Scottsdale. Today was my second visit. I had the Chicken and Cheddar sandwich, it's very basic. Chicken, Cheese, Bread (lettuce, tomato, pickles) but it was phenomenal. I also added a cup of vegetable soup which was surprisingly very tasty. I ordered online this time, my sandwich was ready but they still needed to scoop the soup which I appreciated. Nothing worse than cold soup.
4	I never heard of this place until one appeared in north Scottsdale so I checked it out. I've ordered two sandwiches from here so far and loved them. My favorite is the Pizza Sandwich; a sub with pepperoni and meatballs, its quite impressive. Pricing isn't too bad with a sandwich, chips and a drink running around $8 to $10. Definitely worth trying if you wanna mix it up from the normal Subways and Jimmy Johns.
3	My girlfriend absolutely loves Potbelly. Unfortunately, nothing beats our Chicago locations. Our sandwiches were definitely smaller than average and our shake was basically solid ice cream. She and I found this place just as underrated as our Jimmy John's in Flagstaff. I'm starting to believe that everybody in Arizona has no idea what they are doing with food, even at chain restaurants.
4	Ate here for lunch today and was pleased for the most part. The staff was really friendly and fast. The chicken and cheddar sandwich was awesome. You have to add the hot peppers! Yum! The southwest veggie soup wasn't the best, but it was decent. The sandwich made up for it! I'll be back. :)
5	My favorite HOT sandwich place. I highly recommend the Mediterranean sandwich with grilled chicken. So good!!!
5	Friendly staff, unique sandwiches, nice selection of glass bottle soda, and their Christmas milkshake was fantastic!  Price was fair for what you get.  There is some tough competition in the neighborhood with Capriotti's, Jimmy Johns, and that Which Wich place (haven't been there yet), but I feel like I could hit this place once a month.
4	Sandwiches are delicious! It's toasted and the the tastes really get to you especially with the meats they use. I guess you can say that it's a little fancier version of other sandwich shops. I prefer the Italian or the Wreck (which is like Italian except it has roast beef)Other items on the menu looks really tasty too!
4	Nice hot sandwiches in a super cute shop with nice fixins and smaller, reasonably priced portions. The ingredients are a little more interesting than average.  Their vegetarian sandwich has humus, feta and artichoke, instead of the usual veg offering: just multiple deli cheeses.  They offer mushrooms as a topping (always delicious) and heating the sandwich really does give it a little something extra.  Their pizza sauce is tasty (and the pizza sandwich makes a nice veggie alternative if you replace the meat with mushrooms and sliced tomatoes).They have lots of great options like thin-sliced rolls (they'll take out some of the middle for you), and they list the calories next to everything, including the desserts.  The food isn't huge, and is priced accordingly.  My husband and I are big fans of that set-up.  We wish this shop were closer to home!
5	This is the best sandwich place in the area!  The "Wreck" is soooo good.  Great price for how much food you get.  I'm a fan of the soups and of the chili as well, not to mention the employees are always friendly and patient no matter how busy they are.  I really do enjoy dining in, taking out, or having delivery from Potbelly.
4	I went here for the first time recently.  I was in the area and all of the other lunch options in that center didn't look appealing to me.So you don't look like a total newb - you order your sandwich and that person puts the basic ingredients on it, then sends it through a toaster conveyor belt, when it comes out the other end someone else puts your choices of condiments on it, wraps it up and then you pay and either sit down or leave. They have a number of choices and it's nice that they list the nutritional details on their menu board. I went with a friend and, totally ignoring the valuable nutritional information, we got the chicken/cheddar and the Italian and shared 1/2 each.  Both were pretty good.  Certainly not the best sandwiches I've ever had but better than Subway by a mile and much much better than a fast food burger.Two sandwiches, two fountain drinks - $11. Well worth it.I'll certainly go back.
4	Ordered the turkey wIth bacon on regular bread. I can't eat the whole thing, it's got great flavor. I would back and try the chicken salad. The salads look really good, so that's an option for another day. Vanilla shake was good too.
4	First timer; I had a Wreck sandwich with mushrooms.. GRAAT HOT SAM, with great bread!
4	Great sandwiches!  Subway ain't got nothing on Potbelly!  Kids had skinny turkey sandwiches and I hubs and I had roast beef, me skinny and he not.I love that whole concept of "skinny" where you are getting less bread and less meat but it's still super flavorful and just a little better for you.  Great tasting bread here too.Overall, I would recommend it. Hard to mess up a sandwich, but I've seen it done.  They also have live music sometimes which is cool!
5	Great food and very thoughtful employees!  Might I suggest the buffalo grilled sandwich.
5	Sandwiches are good here and the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are the best!  The frozen lemonade is disgusting, it's dairy based, WTH?  I left it on the table. Too nasty!  Otherwise for fast food deli this place is A OK!
3	This is my second time at any Potbelly, but my first time at a stand-alone shop.  My very first time at a Potbelly was at an airport location, and I could've sworn it was in SLC, but I could be wrong.  The guy who took my order here said that I may have been at Chicago's Midway airport, but I always use O'Hare/ORD, so who knows?  And you're probably saying "who cares?," right?  So on to the food...Ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich with the special hot sauce.  And this sauce is truly special, because it only contains peppers and other seasonings, maybe water.  That's it.  No cornstarch, corn syrup, or other corn derivatives, or even mustard, or tomato sauce.  Nothing to keep me from ordering the sandwich.  And am I glad I tried it!  Had it on a whole grain whole wheat roll, and it came with blue cheese crumbles, as well.  Very delicious!  I also tried an oat-chocolate chip cookie that had only one questionable ingredient, which is palm oil.  No corn syrup, cornstarch, or baking powder!  Still very warm and full of semi-melted and gooey chocolate chips- HEAVEN!  The package says it contains 420 calories... I had a couple of bites and was good.  I suggest sharing it with friends, or be prepared to warm it up in its wax envelope in the microwave for about 45 seconds to soften it up.  Not quite as good as it was when fresh a few days before.  It was kind of sad, actually.  Better to just share it with someone else...I'll definitely come back to try another sandwich, or perhaps a salad.  Potbelly sells hand-dipped milkshakes and yogurt smoothies, as well, but they're off-limits to me since both ice cream and smoothie bases contain corn syrup.  :(
5	Came in to try out something different while visiting Scottsdale. Loved the Pizza Sandwich (added bacon too!!). The girl working told me about this Holiday Peppermint Shake and how she likes to put Oreos in it... Aaahhhmazing! Cute shop, breath food, quick, friendly service! Thank you.
