5	I LOVE this Starbucks.  Why?  Because they are awesome!  The people that work at this particular location are warm, friendly, know me by name and seem to help me with whatever questions I have.I've been hanging out at this location since I've been working at my job for about 3 years now.  Its located here within the Arizona Center, and its usually where you find me eating lunch almost every day.  I love to sit on thier patio area, or even inside depending on the weather or what I need to do.The place is usually clean, and there is great indoor and outdoor seating.  There's a few people that have been working the counter that actually know me by name, and they are all so much fun!If your down here, go and spend some time here to hang out.  Staff will help you with whatever you need.
4	it's Starbucks, what do you think? Great coffee, but a little priceyTry the Venti Mocha Chip Frappuccino
4	I have to say, this is my favorite Starbucks location, and the reason for that is entirely, the staff. They are the most cheery and efficient crew I've ever encountered.Often during the day, they are utterly mobbed with customers. Yet they keep them moving along speedily, yet never feeling rushed. I'm stunned that, with as many people as they deal with per day, they manage to remember so many names and orders. I want some of whatever vitamins they're taking!
5	Friendly quick service
4	Of the few times I have been to this location, I have always had excellent and friendly service despite the hectic morning rush. The staff do a great job at keeping the line moving so you don't have to wait long. There is also a good amount of seating to choose from whether inside or outside which is a huge plus.The last time I was there I ordered a triple skinny vanilla latte. While I was waiting for my drink to be made they ran out of the sugar free vanilla syrup. The friendly barista offered me my drink with the other syrups they did have while mentioning that if I didn't like the substitute that he will gladly make me something else. I ended up liking my drink, but I love it when something doesn't go right the business offers fair solutions instead of leaving the customer feeling shortchanged.
3	The front desk was clearly having a tough day. There was no place to sit inside.
4	Standard Starbucks, but the girls working the counter were extremely nice and attentive.  They have everything that you would find everywhere else.  Coffee, tea's, snacks, breakfast sandwiches.  They are located in the corner of the Arizona Center, right in front of the Sheraton Hotel.
3	I have to premise this by saying, this is a Starbucks. There is only a certain level of goodness it can achieve. That being said, this is a fairly good Starbucks. It is across the street from my apartment, so it is pretty convenient, the people who work there are usually friendly, and the drinks are pretty par. I got a macchiato here the other day (my first one ever) since Starbucks sent me a 2$ off coupon, and it was pretty tasty. I would recommend going to get local coffee over patronizing this Starbucks, but if you MUST have Starbucks, this is not a bad location.
5	Been goin to this 'Bucks for almost 5 years now in the Arizona Center in downtown Phoenix since I work in the next building over.  Have always had a great experience here with the staff and service.  Izzy and Mark have been 2 baristas that I've come to know there and they have always been excellent.  If you're in the area, highly recommend the Starbucks in the Arizona Center.
1	employee did NOT wash hands after bathroom use!!  I wanted to wash hands before getting in line to get coffee & sandwich, I was next in line when starbucks employee came out of restroom, when I went in to wash my hands there was NO SOAP in dispenser.. After  washing my hands in ladies bathroom, I went to counter to let staff know there was no soap I saw the same non washing hand employee handling drinks !!!! I walked out without ordering & will NEVER RETURN !!
4	Love the quick and friendly service and they validate garage parking.
5	This is absolutely my favorite Starbucks since loving to phoenix. The staff is friendly and take the time to get to know you. This is where the regional manager needs to see what's going on right and implement into his other stores! I recently moved to 44 Monroe and I still make the longer trip to this store! Jeep up the great work guys. I truly appreciate the great customer service!
4	This Starbucks has an incredibly friendly staff and even better drinks! For some reason, anytime I go, everything tastes better there! It's hard to go to another location!
1	The sign on the door so it opens at five, two employees inside saw me waiting outside; at 5:04 the guy unlocked the door. With a look of disgust, he took my order. The young lady set down my drink and would not make eye contact and said; "here's your coffee." I must be going deaf because at no time did I hear a thank you from either one of them.I went over to the condiment bar, and observed the trash still mostly full from the night before.  There's a nice looking bakery almost next-door. Next time I think I will go there.
5	The baristas here were very friendly and accommodating, and the line moved quickly.  I was in the area for a large conference, which meant that lots of us would run to this Starbucks in between sessions, causing the place to get really full at weird times, and then empty out again. The staff handled it very well.
4	Never been a fan of Starbucks coffee but their Americanos take me where I need to go.Love their pastries and breakfast sandwiches though. I always get a spinach or tomato square with my Americano. It's the perfect on-the-go food.Service here was great also.
