5	My husband and I decided to try something different for our anniversary this year, so we booked a class. We were hesitant at first because neither of us are artistically inclined...but the beauty of this is that you don't have to be! Francesca walks the class through step by step and before you know it you've created a masterpiece!!! This was way easier than we thought and SO much fun. If you haven't tried this, you really need to. It's not just a "girls" thing either ;)
3	Attended a Social Canvas class with a friend at Pesto's last night.  I have done 10-12 different painting classes with 5 different valley businesses in the last year or so, and unfortunately this one was my least favorite.  I am no great artist, but I really enjoy the process and most of my paintings are decent enough.  If you are looking for a fun night out with friends at a bar and might want to paint something too, this might be for you.  They provided all the necessary supplies, the waitstaff was great with food and drink orders and the instructor was friendly.  My only complaint about the venue was that the tables were too crowded together for our table to see what the instructor was doing at the front of the class. I picked this because I really liked the advertised painting, however, the painting we ended up doing was merely a variation on the advertised painting.   Yes both were pictures of a shoreline, and a moon, and a lighthouse, in the same color scheme, but the advertised painting and the taught painting were of very different scale and sophistication level.  Also, the instructor didn't even actually finish his demonstration painting, so we were left to fumble with our own interpretation of how to make the light house look decent (in the advertised painting, the lighthouse is very distant, perhaps only being about 1-2 inches high, whereas in the taught painting, it was at least 2-3 times bigger and much more in the foreground so needs more detail).  I really like a lot of the paintings Social Canvas advertises, but since I am looking to improve my paintings and attempt more complex paintings, I was very disappointed to have a different painting taught.  I am giving this 3 stars (which Yelp says = "A-OK") because I think it was ok.  I probably feel more like 2 stars (Yelp says = "meh - I've experienced better", but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  I would recommend checking out other companies and I probably won't be back to Social Canvas.----Edited to Add: The entire class (most of whom I did not know), did seem to have a good time, which is good.
3	I just wanted to add pictures that show the painting taught and the painting advertised.  Perhaps others won't find the difference a deal breaker, and I want to give a fair review.  This is the painting taught (note this was not actually my class, but another of the same painting that Social Canvas shared on their social marketing website).  https://scontent-b-dfw.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10425080_269452116512184_4944783204357817305_n.jpg?oh=dd03929c7410da7cafd79ac69445c827&oe=548DE2BD
