5	Ahhh, those cute little "Chez" places we always hear others talking about...Well, Chez Catherine is actually Catherine's place, which she recently opened, to serve some of the best crepes and coffee we had a chance to find during our enjoyable recent stay in Montreal.  And we looked around all over and gobbled other crepes down wherever we could (we would often split one so we could then go to another place and split the next one.  Yeah, we like to eat!).What makes Chez Catherine a five star find is a combination of pleasures that start on a strong foundation of one really friggin' good crepe!  I mean, my newly wedded wife is a yoga instructor and she commented, without a hint of hyperbole or mistaken metaphor, that these crepes had "breath".  And by that she meant a lightness and airy quality that is otherwise hard to describe but damn easy to taste.  And taste we did.  We came back a couple days later for seconds.  They were that good.The other wonderful aspect is that Montreal in summer is overrun with tourists and that means inflated tourist prices as well as insensitive service, but even though Chez Catherine has a great location down by the water the prices don't gouge you for the premium location.  As well, Catherine herself is there to pamper you and also share stories about her business, including that her husband's colleague's parents retired and took up the hobby of hand making maple syrup and packaging small runs, which Catherine points out as she serves to you your maple syrup to pour over your fabulous crepe that has the breath of the good life still within it.  Winner.
5	My mom and I fell upon this little place and loved it. We spilt a crepe filled with wonderful chocolate and banana and then a scoop of maple ice cream which was so amazing. The woman helping us we found out was the owner and she couldn't be more pleasant, helpful and kind.  She even took out a map to helpl us plan out our last day. We don't speak any French, but she was wonderful helping us in English. Definitely worth stopping by for a nice treat. Food was amazing.
5	Quaint little establishment which serves great crepes with friendly service.  I had the dessert crepe with bananas and delicious maple syrup.  Reasonably priced and very easy to locate.
5	Chez Catherine is a wonderful little place.  The staff is always most welcoming and helpful.  The soft ice cream is delicious - it does not have that chemical-fake taste like the soft ice cream at McDonald's or DQ. The chocolate dip is real Belgian chocolate.  I don't even usually like chocolate dipped cones, but this one had me at the first bite (or lick).  The banana splits are served with real whipped cream; the strawberry sauce is made there - it is the real McCoy!  The crepes are also very tasty and all the ingredients are freshly made. They even serve with genuine plates and cutlery.  It is a treat to eat at Chez Catherine.
5	OMG I love their ice creme dipped in chocolate. I ordered a medium and it was too much even for me. tasted amazing and I cried when I had to throw the rest of it away.
5	We were wandering around Vieux Montreal, and when the lunch hour arrived we decided we would try to find some delicious crepes nearby - with the help of Yelp! Chez Catherine showed up with five stars from most of its reviewers so we headed over there and had a most delicious lunch. Very fresh salad and one large crepe each -- I had asparagus, Swiss cheese and mushrooms in mine, and my consort chose ham, Swiss and mushrooms. We were both delighted with our selections, with the price, and with the service. Highly recommend. It's a casual place -- people wander in for ice cream mostly, but if you decide to sit down for a bite, you will be happy you did.
5	Wow, purely by accident, my kids and I stumbled upon this tiny place facing the waterfront. SO glad we did!I have extolled the crepes from Montreal for months prior to visiting, so I was quietly praying that the crepes here wouldn't disappoint. And they didn't. Whew! We ordered two meal crepes and one dessert crepe. All were fantastic: light, airy, filled just right, with excellent ingredients, with a bit of wonderful maple syrup to drizzle on top. Truly the best crepes ever. We were too full afterwards for the much-touted maple ice cream, but my kids made me promise to return for some later on in the week.Other notes: we sat outside, which afforded us a fantastic place to people-watch and admire the waterfront and the passing caleches. Only problem: it was a sunny and hot day, with no umbrellas to shield us from the sun (as the other adjacent bistros and cafes had). One big plus, though: nice bathroom inside to use if needed. Plus, the gals that work here could NOT be nicer! We will definitely be back.
5	WOW. Best crepes I have ever had! Very friendly. A must visit if you are in the Old Montreal area...
3	The crepe was really good.What's the problem then? I asked for mine to go, as I had to run back to the hotel to check out.  "To go" apparently means on an open paper plate you get to carry through the streets to the Metro while scarfing down a bite here and there. When I expressed surprise about this not being really a practical to-go package, all I got back was "That's how we do it."  Crepes are really easy to wrap up in a paper triangle, which is how they've been served to me in the past.  So... don't take it to go.
4	Lots of desserts and ice creams to choose from. The service was excellent and quick. The crepes and fresh berries were amazing!  The only disappoint was the soft served ice cream served with our crepes. Considering they serve real ice cream it wouldve been a better choice to go with.
5	First the obvious, if you're after ice cream or gelato, cruise the streets a bit and check out the flavors available. Get a few free tastes, especially of the "house specials." We did the same, and one thing we found was that not every shop had well-frozen product. The last thing you need is ice cream already on its way to ice cream soup. We checked out Chez Catherine, and they almost dared us to try their Maple Taffy flavor. If you love maple syrup, maple flavor, this will knock your socks off! I had the Maple Taffy and Rum Raisin, scooped into a waffle cone. My wife got the Maple Taffy plus a scoop of Mint Chocolate, to sort of tame the sweetness of the Maple. The ice cream was good and firm, well frozen, and we were able to eat a large portion with a spoon, keeping the whole process a bit neater. After reaching the cone, it was pure heaven, with the cone plus the ice cream to enjoy. Seriously good ice cream, very friendly and attentive staff, and a delight to eat. Only problem? It's 2000 miles from our home!
