4	First time here , I was advised by a friend, I like Mediterranean cuisine Italian to lebanese , The outside is well lite and you can see the name of the restaurant from far, I got a warm welcome and sat down by the bar where Joel and Anthony greeted me and introduced themself , asa first timer I ask for the food menu and Anthony sugested a few things also let met taste some wine a very unique Blend of shiraz, sauvignon frank and cavernet sauvignon medium body slightly sweet and hint of spices,  after that I tried the Hummus which was very nicely done a creamy puree of the garbanzo and lemon juice freshAfter that I tried the Kebbeh Senieh a Ground beef mixed cracked wheat spices onions pine nuts baked and served with a cucumber yogurt ,and side of steamed vegetables Anthony suggested a side of spicy chilli. sauce which gave it a whole new taste , a fresh soft to the palate but with a hit of spice from. the chilli, over all a great experience at Naya , I will be back for more for sure.
5	Tonight was the 3rd night Naya has been open.1.  Service was excellent. Amanda did a super job.2.  Menu contained many compelling entrees:     A.  Wife had lamb chops.  Loved them     B.  I had Jenne's Penne.  OMG.  THE BEST!3.  Portions very generous.4.  Priced more than right.5.  Drinks were right as too volume. My wife and I eat out very often. We think we have a feel for what a nice meal should cost.After our meal, we both thought of what would be a good value would be for our 4 drinks...2 appetizers...2 entrees...one desert...one soft drink.  We agreed that $135.00 is about what the meal should have cost....not counting tip.The bill arrived and it was $98.00 (not counting tip) and we were very pleasantly surprised.Will we go back?  Not until next week.Naya will be a success. LarryPS  Our server apologized for taking a few minutes too long to get our drinks.  She told us upfront that this was the crew's third night of being open...and things might take a bit longer.  She told us this BEFORE the fact and before we got antsy.  Her telling us upfront saved us the aggravation of wondering "WTF."
5	Beautiful place... Great ambiance and quality food. Had the mixed kabab and it was awesome. Will be back very soon
4	Really good Middle Eastern fare in more of a white tablecloth environment. Service was excellent -- charming and attentive hostess and server. It's a beautiful room/space, set up for "energy" (i.e. open and noisy -- with techno-ey music playing) rather than intimacy. Menu is interesting mix of middle eastern and Italian (clams and mussel dishes next to the babagnoush and kebabs). We started with an order of the falafel, which was really terrific. Comes with tahini but no pita (server: "don't worry, I'll bring some out for you"). Entrees are large portions. My kibbeh was really good; meaty, crunchy and loaded with spices. Wifey loved her moussaka. Beautiful bar. Nice that they had some craft-y beers (Four Peaks Kiltlifter, Anchor Steam) to go with the traditional nasty Bud/Miller/Coors.Good stuff.
1	Ok definitely the worst restaurant I have been to in Scottsdale!!!  The service is slow!!!! They messed up every single item we ordered. The restaurant had a terrible draft and the food was mediocre. I would never ever go here again!  Many better options for Mediterranean food in Scottsdale. A definite add to the must miss list. Blech.
3	A lot of people will probably try it because it's new and there aren't any up-market med places in the area, but I don't see this place lasting. It's expensive for what you get and the food is unremarkable. Hummus was fine. Chicken kebab plate was ok, spinach pie appetizer not good and the worst part is that the pita was hard and seemingly stale. You couldn't even open it, immediately upon delivery to the table. So the fact that the pita portion was very skimpy didn't bother us because we didn't want it anyway. Not sure if they changed anything about the decor since it was Bloom or Cask or whatever last. The wait staff was nice. The wait for the food, however was very long. Even though you can excuse that because the place is new, there was hardly anyone there, so it shouldn't have taken 20+ minutes to get a hummus appetizer.We'll stick with our old stand-by, Pita House, which would be perfect if there was an outdoor are that was hookah smoke free or an indoor area that didn't give you the creeps. Food-wise, it's way better.
5	The food was great, the bar is beautiful and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. The food is Mediterranean, it's a mix of middle eastern and italian food. Very traditional and you can taste the the quality and freshness in each dish. I would definitelyrecommend it to my family and friends.
2	Walked in on saturday night. Restaurant half empty but was turned away cuz no reservation (along with 2 other parties)! Promptly booked reservations on opentable and got seated. Food good but service and general operations will doom this place to a short life:(
1	Many excellent Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants inPhoenix. This is NOT one.Prices are low, they match the quality.FOOD:  Descriptions fine -  results  AWFUL: -Spinach Pie - crust was cardboard;- Kebbah Senieh - dreadful dry mashup with overpowering cinnamon; - Lamb Chops - two thin fatty chops with barely any meat on them; - Chicken Marsala - thin chicken breast had never been near marsala wine, covered with canned mushrooms ; - Desserts -  no menu, no dessert tray, just trust the server!SERVICE: Server was busy with her other job, didn't listen to what we wanted, didn't check how our food tasted. Wait staff  better, filled glasses, asked before clearing plates.Not what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant.
5	Exceptional food. Great bar and dining room. Do yourself a favor and ask your server for THE CHEF's TASTING EXPERIENCE. It will not be offered to you but ASK and just relax and enjoy!! Absolutely amazing.
5	This place is AMAZING! The food has exceptional flavor and is very authentic. The Chef's Choice (which is not offered on the menu) is worth asking for. You will be served  nothing but the best & guaranteed satisfaction! By far the BEST Mediterranean cuisine ever!!
5	Beautiful place. I was there last night for birthday dinner, Love the appetizers( hummus, baba ghanouj) , kafta kebab, fatoush and ladyfinger for desert. The best Mediterranean Cusine in Arizona!
5	Don't let one persons bad experience divert you from trying this place. First the decor is great. Lots of inside seating, full bar and outdoor seating as well. The staff is very friendly! Most importantly the food was delicious!! We came for lunch, had a number of different things to include dessert. Everything was fresh. You owe it to yourself to try this place.
5	Best Mediterranean restaurant in AZ! Everything tasted so authentic and the menu had a nice variety from mostly Lebanese to some Italian dishes. The steak hummus is a must and the sujuk  and makanek are unbelievable. Don't miss out on one of the best dinning experience ever.
5	The food here was amazing.  I especially liked the keybeh neyah.  I definitely recommend this place for great food.
5	The service and food here was amazing.  The decor is very nice and classy.  I will definitely come back.
2	Looked for a new place for lunch today. I love Mediterranean food and thought we would try this place out. The service was good but the food was sub par. Hummus needs more garlic and lemon :(
5	Great new restaurant in Scottsdale! Service was fantastic and the food was very good. For an appetizer, we shared the grape leaves and Falafel. Both were very tasty! I had the pan seared salmon for a main course - I loved it, it was very well prepared and served with carrots and rice. My boyfriend had the grilled chicken - it was good, a little bland but I prefer that to places that cover their food in sauces. Always nice to find restaurants that support local growers and use quality ingredients. Very cute atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a great dining experience. We'll be back!
5	We ate here after walking past and thinking it look interesting.  Our waitress, Amanda, was very attentive and dealt with my food allergies.  The executive chef even came to our table to help me choose an entree.  The food was wonderful and included some of the best veggies I have eaten in a very long time.  We will eat here again any time we are in town.  The best meal we have eaten in a very long time.
5	Great new place. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was incredible an unique. So tired of the same steak and sides. Ugh! This place was refreshing and beautiful. Great date place!
4	I ate here a few weeks ago with a group of eight.  I often order two appetizers rather than an entree because I like to taste as many things as possible.  I decided to have the Mezza Combo for two (hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, tabbouleh salad and olives) and the Makanek (Lebanese sausage w/fries and garlic sauce). The sausage and fries had what was likely a sauce from the pan drippings and it was so good I couldn't stop eating it.    I know that some things are a matter of taste but I particularly liked the tabbouleh because it didn't have too much lemon or parsly but was still well seasoned.   In most restaurants that I've had grape leaves they've always been too acetic for my taste but these were not.  I was also able to have a taste of the cheese fatayer (filo dough stuffed with halloumi cheese/herbs and baked).  I will order it the next time I go here.The rest of the group also had several appetizers and wine.  Everyone was happy with their selections. I don't drink at all if I'm driving but some of my friends are okay with having a glass of wine with dinner and driving.  From their comments this was one area where the restaurant could probably improve.  None of them were particularly happy with the selection and had to taste a couple of wines before finding one acceptable and there are not super picky people.
3	The Shops at Gainey is loaded with new restaurants. This area of Scottsdale has discriminating customers to be sure.Met a Ph.d friend of ours  for lunch and had a nice table at the big picture window. Will want to return again as we were fully ensconsed in chat most of the time.This place does have potential as the decor and menu are very nice and the prices fair.We had issues with the waiter who had a little attitude and did not fully grasp the idea of an experiential customer experience.This is ok as we did not arrive to be pampered either.  In the end though, he got "creative" with our check.Once we noticed this we asked to see Mike Hamati the Manager on duty.He was none too thrilled and did the right thing for us.For this reason we will return as the Mediterranean plate among other items is well prepared.Just have you "readers' on when you review your check..
5	The food was very good, but what made this place stand out was the exceptional service! We sat outside and our waiter Damien was extremely attentive and polite. My boyfriend and I were very impressed with his customer service!!! This is what bumped the rating up to 5 stars!!Tip: fabulous hummus!
5	My dad was in town and wanted to take me, my husband, and our two year old out for dinner.  Thank goodness I made reservations because we showed up and it was their grand opening!  I was amazed at how well they handled everything on such a busy night.  Our server went above and beyond to make sure we were happy and everyone loved what they ordered.  My dad got the salmon, and my husband and I shared the lamb.  Delish!  We will be back.
5	Wow, this was a fantastic dining experience. Not only is the restaurant itself beautiful, but the ambience is excellent and my wife and I were absolutely blown away by the food. We started with the steak hummus which was fantastic - my wife isn't a huge hummus fan, but she loved this...always a good sign. Our best decision of the night, however, was splitting the mixed grill for dinner - chicken, lamb and two kinds of beef served with veggies and Israeli cous cous...each of them was unique, all of them were delicious. This was a perfect way to get a feel for the range of the menu. We are definitely going to be back here sooner than later!
1	Ordered chicken dishes both plates had undercooked chicken, manager changed it but not to fond of havin undercooked poultry, menu is pretty small not much of variety
2	The food was OK but there is very little in the way of mediterranean dishes on the lunch menu.  A couple of salads but no meat dishes.  The rest of the lunch items were Italian dishes.  Very strange.
2	Great Location, great atmosphere. But that is where it ends. Twice the price as Eden's Grill.  Small portions. We were excited for the special feature on Saturday evenings menu Paella $49.00 entree was very bland & would have tasted better if it were cooked in Rice-a Roni. Another Scottsdale restaurant that will come & go.We won't be back
4	Prices might be a little on the high side for the actual food on the menu/plate, but it's fairly decent Arabic food.  Service was good, but I would have preferred a bit more middle eastern flair for the atmosphere.  Had the chicken kabobs and fattoush salad...solid order.  Next time, I am just going to order there entire apps menu as they all sounded great!  Hope this place survives.  If not, find a cheaper location, dial up the middle eastern/Lebanese atmosphere and deliver same quality for half the price.
4	the food was good and had very nice presentation.we had: mezza combosteak and hummusfried kebbehmakanekfalafelmossakaits more expensive than what i thought it would be.
3	Checked out Naya Mediterranean Cuisine for lunch recently. We ordered the Mezza Combo which came with Hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves and tabboleh salad to start. For my entree I had the Salmon Salad which was served with seasonal baby greens with aged balsamic honey vinaigrette topped with pan seared salmon. The salad was good, but my salmon was super fishy and not what I would expect from a $16.00 salad. I would be interested in coming back here and checking out their dinner menu, maybe I came on an off day. Service was fantastic though and the decor was simply stunning!
3	Thank god the food was great! Service was so bad!
3	This place was just okay.  The food I felt was mediocre however the service was very good.  There was no one in the restaurant when I went which seemed a little bizarre.  I had the chicken kabob and it wasn't that great.  The chicken seemed a little dry and kinda bland. Overall just average.
5	My family wanted to try this place so I went along even though I really wanted Italian food. We walked in and I was instantly pleased-dim, romantic lighting accompanied with a beautiful bar, outside patio, and really comfy booths. I even noticed a private dining room in the corner for events. To make a long story short, I got my Italian fix-I ordered Jene's penne and it was so delicious! It was covered in a white Bianca sauce which had a bacon aftertaste, so yummy. I tasted my family's plates which were more geared towards the Lebanese culture-kifta kabob, chicken skewers, tikka, tabbouleh, hummus, and fettush. All were fabulous!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who asked about Lebanese food. If you have the pleasure to meet the owner because he is very sweet and hospitable (I forgot to catch his name!
5	Wow.. The ambiance very modern and romantic .. And they have live jazz music going that complements everything .. We will be back!
5	Came from LA where we had many options for mediterranean food. This was nothing short of fantastic!!!  I will be back for sure and I'm not always easily impressed.  These guys did it right!
5	First time we have been here.  It was everything we could have hoped for. We started with appetizers. Hummus was good. Mussels were different than we usually see and very good. Tabbouleh was the best I can recall...ever. My entree was a kafta kebab with beef and I enjoyed its flavor. Lots of pepper if that bothers the reader. My wife had kebbeh and enjoyed it a lot. We had bismati rice as a starch and julianned carrots and zucchini as vegetable.  The only problem in the entire meal is the vegetables were barely warm with everything else hot.  No room for dessert. My wife enjoyed the white sangria: sweet with interesting flavors. I enjoyed a Greek white wine and a lebanese red. This has a number of middle eastern dishes which will bring us back. Service was friendly.  Our waitress was nice and knowledgeable but apparently had tables in bar as well as restaurant so wasn't able to be there for food and wine delivery sometimes.
5	This place is a gem, the food is excellent (lamb chops) and the drinks are amazing....Joel the mixologist is a true MIXOLOGIST.
5	Met friends at this establishment and was very surprised with the modern atmosphere, the service was fantastic, the meal was delicious, with a variety of drinks and even a specialty drink of the day.
5	Great experience from start to finish! The service was spot on and we completely enjoyed our menu choices. My favorite was the Shish Tawook. The staff really worked as a team, everyone at some point stopped by our table to remove a dish or see if we needed anything.
5	I came here for lunch with friends. First impression: it is beautiful inside and makes me want to ask them to decorate my house! The service was quick and friendly and the server was happy to recommend a dish when I was humming and haaing. Mind you, it was pretty dead, I think there were about 3 tables with people at them.We had hummus and baba ghanoush to start. They did not bring enough pitas at first, but brought a refill when we asked. Both dips were good and the pita bread was hot.Then we shared the special Greek salad. The chicken had a great rub on it! I'm glad we shared though because it was HUGE.I had Jenny's penne for my entree which is a spicy penne with chicken. It was very good. My friends had the chicken masala and the beef kabab which they both thoroughly enjoyed. We also were lucky enough to try some of the mixed drinks. My favourite was the mojito relative that they do.
2	Disappointing menu.  Many Middle Eastern foods missing and replaced with Italian dishes, like a pasta and a caprese salad (yes, really).  Notice the wonderful scallops on the photo of the restaurant?  They were out of them.Very few selections if you do not eat meat.  Portions were small, the tabooli was OK as was the yogurt (Labni), the kefta was seasoned OK.  The cheese filled phyllo was not phyllo but some brick like dough ball. They were just awful. The bread was just so so.Much better places to try are Pars on frank Lloyd Wright or Persina Room.  Much better, cheaper and more food.
2	Not impressed.  Greek Pita has better food with much better prices. Ambiance is nice but food is meh.  We ordered the kefta and chicken kabob plate. Both plates came luke warm so we asked them to warm our food which they did. The sauce was just ok. Overall. .we won't be coming back.
2	Naya is an attractive-looking restaurant with a modern feel and a great deal of eye appeal.  When you walk in, you can't help but think "this is going to be a great meal".  Unfortunately, ours wasn't.Besides the ambiance, there are some outstandingly strengths at Naya -- the menu is  more imaginative than the usual kabobs and gyros, the rice and vegetable sides dishes were unusually tasty, and our dessert (selected from a tray) was A+.  Somebody knows how to cook.Unfortunately, that somebody did not cook the proteins on our main courses -- steak and chicken kabobs.  The steak was underdone inside, burnt outside.  The chicken was so overcooked and dry that I literally couldn't eat three of the pieces.  Neither was seasoned so you could tell.  Perhaps the problem is an overly-hot grill, lack of marination, and a salt shaker with clogged holes.  In any case, when you ruin the main course, it kind of messes up the whole meal.There were two other problems as well -- the restaurant, though laid out with lots of open space, was very noisy.  And the service was spotty -- our order was taken promptly and the appetiser came out in 15 minutes (okay since it had to be freshly baked), but then the main courses took 30+ minutes and the dessert, 25.If we had not had a coupon, the check would have been $70 for one appetiser, two main courses (not the expensive ones), one dessert, and no drinks.  That would have been okay but maybe a bit high even if the meats were properly prepared.  But they weren't, so I left feeling that "we was robbed".  Yet I almost want to return - these problems could be fixed and Naya could be a stunner.
4	Excellent wine.  Hummus creamy and rich.  Scallops delicious, cooked just right. Tender, not rubbery. Spinach appetizer a bit doughy.  Muscles sweet and tender and juicy for dipping bread.
5	I stopped in here for lunch in-between meetings and it was fantastic!The Service: The manager and waiter were very attentive! My water was never empty and they always made sure I was okay. They even brought me hummus and baklava to go with my meal. They were incredibly friendly and sweet.The Food: I ordered the salmon salad. I asked them if they could blacken it, and they did! They even created a new spice mix for me--it was amazing! The hummus was creamy and made from scratch. Their baklava was sweet, but not overpowering. Everything was amazing. They have a large selection of wine that I wish I could've indulged in, but I was on the clock so I'll just have to go back.The Atmosphere: This place is pretty fancy. Its very modern and clean. Beautiful interior decorating. Let's just say I was happy wearing work clothes.Overall, I had a lovely experience. I will definitely go back again and bring some people :)
5	Very Delicious meal. I had the chicken shish Taouk and it was lovely. It was a large plate with chicken skewers, carrots, greens, and rice. The dessert was great. The atmosphere is romantic and beautiful decor inside and out. The owner Malake  Hakimeh is very attentive and courteous. I will be back many times. The pita is delicious too!!!
5	We were easily sat on a Friday Night without a reservation. Fast service. We shared a bottle of wine and each enjoyed our dishes. I had Chicken Kabobs and my boyfriend had the steak. Beautiful decor. Would like to return for lunch and try more menu items.
5	We had excellent dinners.  Very well prepared and presented and simply excellent service.
2	I met the girls here for lunch.The atmosphere is lovely and the waiter was great but we were disappointed on the food. The hummus was good but the pita bread wasn't soft.  Two of us had the Falafel salad which was mostly chopped parsley.  We spent most our time picking the parsley from our teeth. The salmon salad was good and had a large piece of salmon. For my money, and the best Hummus and Persian food, I would go to the Persian Room for lunch. My husband and I are going to try Naya again but this time for dinner.
4	Absolutely beautiful atmosphere. Everything is silver and gold and subtle with beautiful chandeliers everywhere. But not glitzy, the designer has a great eye, that's for sure. This is a great date spot. The booths are large and the tables aren't too close to one another. The bar is a good size and separated from the dining room. The food was delicious. We came in for their restaurant week menu and it was lovely. What I don't really understand is the direction of the menu. It's part Mediterranean, part Italian. But which is it? I had a house salad, a salmon with rice and vegetables and while everything was cooked perfectly, it was neither Italian *or* Mediterranean! Oh well. I would come back, but I'm not running.
1	I was looking forward to a wonderful meal and unfortunately it turned out to be very disappointing. The ambience is beautiful and the service very attentive but the food was mediocre at best. Ordered Filet mignon that came with a vegetable medley and skinny fries. We both sent the veggies and fries back as they were both served to us cold!  The filet was good not great especially for the price and a bit too highly seasoned.
5	My wife and I have been to Naya four times and it is truly now one of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix. The ambiance is very nice and the food is simply wonderful. The Salmon, Shish Tawouk (chicken kababs) and Grape Leaves (with meat) are exceptional. The tabbouleh salad is the best we have ever had.  The Kebbeh Senieh is very good. We had baklava for dessert one evening; it was excellent. The only dish we have had that was a bit disappointing was the lamb chops; they were thin and fatty. The server apologized for the problem and took care of the issue which is all anyone can ask for when something is not quite right.  The rice that is served with the meals is one of the best we have had; absolutly delicious. The service at Naya is excellent; everyone is friendly and attentive.  Naya is a restaurant that we will be frequenting regularly.
5	I took out the fried kibbeh and steak hummus and both were excellent.  My in-laws are Lebanese and Naya's food was just as great.  My wife said the mezza combo was the best she's had from a restaurant.  We'll be back to eat-in real soon.
5	The food was excellent, service was great! The owner/manager came over and was very friendly checking on us. It was my birthday dinner and I was served baklava soo good!! Then they brought bite size for everyone! Highly recommended would definitely go back!
5	The food was outstanding!  We will definitely be returning.
5	This is absolutely the best authentic Arabic food around. The staffs fantastic, the food fresh, healthy and memorable. Great place to take friends and family and share in the appetizers.
4	Amazing food! Amazing waitstaff! Gorgeous decorations! Love it, everything is seasoned and cooked so well and I haven't had something that wasn't delicious yet. Who cares what kind of music they play???
4	Naya, Naya, Naya... You had me at hummus, but then swept me off my feet with your beyond amazing baba ghanouj! Seriously so good, creamy with the perfect amount of garlic - I have been craving it ever since! I came for lunch with the gorgeous Gabi M and we shared the Mezze Combo plater as well as the fatoush salad topped with chicken shwarma. It was the perfect amount of food for a "ladies lunch". The mezze combo had stuffed grape leaves, tabbouleh, an assorted of olives as well as really tasty homemade pickled turnips and carrots. Oh, and of course warm pita bread! With a beautiful interior that is tastefully decorated and excellent staff, I can see why Naya gets the amazing reviews that are so well deserved.
5	I would highly recommend Naya. for a fabulous new ethnic eating experience in a lovely atmosphere.  Naya's cuisine is based on Lebanese food, which I had a craving for since I had worked in Dearborn for 20 years where the best Middle Eastern food in the United States is served. The food I had was fantastic, the best Lebanese food I've had since I left Dearborn.  We had, and I recommend, Mezza combo plate which is kind of a greatest hits of appetizers for Lebanese food: hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, tabouliand some others.  We also tried the grilled chicken on skewers which was absolutely delicious - - tender flavorful and with a nice charcoal taste.  We finished with a perfect baklava, much more well-balanced than your typical overly sweet Greek dessert.Naya takes Lebanese food to a new level by offering some other Mediterranean dishes and serving it in an absolutely beautiful high-end decor. The restaurant would be great for dates, adult outings or even family meals for those who like Middle Eastern food. Naya is a real find in Scottsdale
5	Very authentic Mediterranean cuisine. We got the meat platter which was delicious and we split it.  With the groupon, it was a great deal of $22 for $40 worth of food. Very authentic Middle Eastern spices and the restaurant had a really neat decor. The manager was the nicest! My mom was cold and he brought her his mother's shawl to keep her warm. We chatted with the manager after he introduced himself  and he is doing a great job! Very nice individual!  I loved the feeling that I was going to neighborhood restaurant and getting to know the manager.
