4	I haven't had Jamaican food in years so every time I pass it I want to stop in - yesterday I finally got to try it out. The storefront itself is pretty small, so takeout might be the better option, but there is seating for a few people if you want to stay.The woman behind the counter was super friendly and helped me decide what to order. Each order comes with 2 sides, so even the small order is pretty filling. I ordered the oxtail stew (more out of curiosity than anything else) with the mac and cheese and the collard greens on the side. The oxtail was great; i might say the words "too cheesy" for the first time in my life describing the mac and cheese but it was still very good; i also liked the collard greens. The desserts also looked great - i'll have to wait for next time to try one.All in all, it was very good especially for the price.
5	I honestly do not want to write this review for fear that my new favorite restaurant would be over Inundated with so many new customers that the owner of the restaurant would have to cut back on the quality of the food and/or raise the prices to accommodate the new customers. But as I speed back to Rasta House I can't help but want to rave about their food. As a NYC'er with west indian roots in the PGH I all but lost hope for any quality ethnic food pertaining to Caribbean cuisine. Since I favor neighborhoods that were (and still are) low income, possibly high crime yet  are on the cusp of gentrification, my girl and I went to the North Side to check out homes in the Mexican War Streets.When our hunger pangs became unbearable we looked up Hook Chicken & Fish for some comfort food that would give us congenital heart disease and an unbelievable mountain of guilt. But as we turned the corner, my girl  saw the words "RASTA HOUSE" and immediately we were like "eh, its worth a try."We walked in to the small space and was immediately brought back to the small carib Brooklyn restaurants in Flatbush or Crown Heights with roots reggae blasting in the background and a cantankerous cook, shouting at his staff in patois.  The restaurant had just two tables and a bench and every inch of the place was covered in a colorful mural detailing the Carib culture as if I was transported to a shack in Kingston, Jamaica. We ordered, from the hip skinny cashier with glasses, my girl the curried goat, me the jerk shrimp. We both opted for rice and peas and cabbage and each side of mac & cheese. After 15 minutes of conversation with the young lad behind the counter,  the food came to us piping hot in styrofoam, we both took a bite of our respective meals and only three words came to my mind...HOLY SHIT. JACKPOT!This food was great, and it was fresh, every ingredient popped with flavor in your mouth. The jerk sauce was spicy how i like it and my girl raved about the tenderness of the usually tough goat meat and savory curry sauce.  We both cleaned our plates with ease and were satisfied by food that was served hot, fresh and made with attitude. Just like home. We've been back two times within a span of one week and I hope to Jah Rastafari that they don't change a damn thing!
5	The food is delicious. I'm not going to write a long review but I will say that the food is great and reasonably priced so please get out there and give them your money because that's how restaurants survive!
