2	I was hoping to sit back and relax after a hectic weekend in Vegas, especially since my flight was delayed. I was in the Southwest terminal and I believe it was the only non fast food option. Waitress was prompt to greet me and I began looking at the menu. The place is small because we are in an airport and I made the mistake of sitting near the door (it was seat yourself and the pickings were slim). I got hit several times by people and their luggage. The menu looked well enough and I decided to have something small. I picked an order chile lime wings. They arrived and it wasn't how I imagined. It said they were served on a Mexican salad but I didn't expect pickled cabbage and carrots as well as fresh spinach. The wings were also served with sour cream. I decided to give it a try but by wing three I realized they were still covered in feathers and that what I thought was just crunchy gristle on the second was actually feathers. I showed my waitress who apologized and offered to get me a new plate but I was too grossed out and declined. There was no manager on duty. The only reason they get 2 stars instead of 1 is because the waitress was so attentive.
3	I give this place a 3 stars based on the service alone. The waiter was very attentive and helpful.I wasn't too fond of the food. I ended up getting the chicken strips, not bad, but nothing special. It came with a sauce that resembled ranch dressing. It had quite of bit of chicken that was easily split among two people. It came with fries which had parmesan cheese on it, but the fries weren't very hot, so the cheese didn't melt. This place is pretty busy and I mostly assume because it is the first restaurant before all the others.Not sure if I would go back again, it was nothing special (food wise). Again, the service was great!
2	This place needs to be blown up and started all over. Wait staff isn't very friendly, the bar tender who is covered in tattoos sucks. It's obvious he doesn't want to be there, and provides the absolute bar minimum of service. In ordered the old salad on the menu. The salsa looks a few days old. The guacamole is a weird shade of green - obviously been out in the air too long. I added chicken - it was cold? Fresh off the grill - no way
5	Sat at the bar and the service was great. Not too busy and a nice find away from the busy section of this terminal. Quick food, drinks, and service. The food was clean, fresh, and didn't make me sick. That's all you can hope for with airport food!
2	Terrible food and mediocre service. The nacho chips were from the bottom of the bag with a few whole ones on top to cover it up. The server did bring us another plate after we mentioned it. However it was a very small handful with now nacho cheese instead of melted cheese. The chicken fingers were what we expected but thank goodness we got the hot sauce on the side... My daughter said it tasted like a shoe smells. But worse were the fries that were as hard as a rock! Definitely not worth 39 bucks.
4	Great service at this airport restaurant. I had the eggs with queso fresco and it was good. Ms. Wanda was our server and she was the nicest plus gave us great service in the AM! They also had sugar free red bull which made it a plus.
2	If you're catching an early flight and looking for breakfast... Keep moving! Trust me. You'll soon regret stopping here as there are much better (and cheaper) breakfast options in the terminal. Keep going. 30 bucks for two bland eggs and frozen potatoes entrees. Yuck. Bartender was nice so they get an extra star.
3	After looking at all my options, I decided to go to Sammy's. The service was exceptional. I was immediately greeted, and the bar tender was awesome with refilling my drink, and taking my order in a timely manner.I ordered a breakfast burrito, which was average tasting. I can't say it was the best, or worst I've ever had.For being in the airport, I felt the price was pretty reasonable.Next time I'm at the airport, I may chose a different option. Only to compare with the experience I had.Would I eat here again? Yes! The food wasn't horrible, clean and inviting atmosphere, and great service. Had the food been a little better, and the price been a little lower.... I would have given them 4 or 5 stars.
3	The Pollo Bocadillo chix sandwich was surprisingly decent.  Chix tenders had too much batter and too salty.  Service is friendly and attentive.
2	I was sitting on dirty table and the burger didn't taste like real meat, the salad was not worth the high price.
1	Sat at the bar as I needed to grab some food before my flight. I regret not going to the food court next door. The bartender, Dean, was just completely inept and unable to do anything correctly. A diner next to me had to ask for his beer three times before receiving it. I ordered a simple burger from their menu, but received something completely different. I'm not sure if he was just having an off day, but I should not receive someone else's order and my own incorrect order. Not to mention the huge wait for food. The food itself is nothing special. I'd go elsewhere.
2	Well, what are you gonna do.. it's Vegas prices + Airport prices so quite expensive$15 for nachos with chicken and about $15 for a cheeseburgerThe nachos were A-OK, cheese wiz, onions, black bean, guacamole, jalapenos and grilled chicken.Fries were soggy and had some weird scary looking tasteless cheese on it. Burger was the driest burger I've had the displeasure of eating.. but soaked in ketchup it is edible.Not that you have many choices -- but if you wanna pay for overpriced food maybe just go for the overpriced fast food joints (KFC/BK/Wendys)
1	Skip and keep moving. $15 for a rum and coke that tasted like water! I have been all over Las Vegas and never spent that much for a rum and coke... Food was very ok. And service was just ok. I would never go back nor tell anyone to even get a glass of water here.
2	Not great food.  Seems frozen & warmed up.  Service was mediocre.Service was ok.  A glass smashed & shards landed on our table, so they comped us the meal, which was nice.I'd eat elsewhere next time.
3	Pretty decent for airport nachos. The $7 coronas are cold but come on. Oh yeah - it's in the airport.
2	Sammy Hagar really needs to take his name off this place because I think I'm starting to like his music less as a result of dining here.  The food is mediocre, but not poor, and is airport priced.  The drinks and service really kill it though.  Service is nearly always slow, and the drinks are some of the worst I've encountered.  Even if you get a double, it's going to be weak, and then you'll be out $16 or so.  How does someone who's in rock & roll, AND has his own line of tequila, have his name on a bar that serves weak overpriced drinks?!I'd go back to eat here if I'm in the mood for cantina-style food, but if I feel like drinking I'm going to keep walking.
1	Sammy's restaurant sucks!  Tasted like bland food from a can.  Worst chips and guac ever!  Worst hamburger ever!  Do not eat at Sammy's if you have any pride.
1	If you're a traveler in a hurry then pass this one by, extremely slow service. Also don't expect a refill or second round of drinks, the servers are good at hiding in that  place. Food was below expectations, cold fries and  bland burger. Oh, and did I mention the waitress digging her fingernails into my back to scratch it, I did regret my choice of eatery.
1	Don't do it! We were ignored after we sat at a table so my husband went to the bar to get me a ice tea. The bartender refused to help him. When he told him we were sitting in the corner he said "you're in the black hole I can't help you". Go to the food court. The menu was very limited at this restaurant anyway. Don't waste your time.
2	Overall, meh. The fries are seriously not worth the excessive price, plus all they have is ketchup. I didn't like them enough to bother eating more than a couple.  The seafood bisque was ok, but again not worth the price since they serve it in a bowl 1/4 utilized. Even adjusting for airport gouging, my overall experience was that it was overpriced, service was just ok, and it wasn't even clean - I had to wipe down my own table. It took forever to get my check, too.Also, I refuse to order drinks when they don't list the prices. Automatic price jacking, there. I fly out of this airport 2-3 times a month, too bad I'll never return to this entirely over -hyped cantina.
3	Overall the place was alrighty considering we are at the airport and there aren't too many options. This honestly was the best choice. The service was great. Had a lady names Stacy and she was enthusiastic and friendly which was nice. The chips and guac were alright. The guac may have been a little sus. The chips were fine. The chicken sandwich was alright, chicken was a bit sus, definitely wasn't fresh. But get we are at an airport. The tacos were a solid 8 according to my friend.
4	This review is for breakfast only!  After three days of rich eating and drinking, this was just what we needed before boarding a five hour flight home.  At first we weren't sure if we should come in and sit down somewhere or not, but did it anyway.  Soon, we had a great gal who really reminded us of Ann Burrell, take our order.  (iced tea for me, coffee for Husband).  Both of us ordered the Plain Jane Classic Eggs (any style...scrambled for Husband, over easy for me) with bacon (bacon for both of us) or sausage, white or wheat toast  (wheat) and breakfast potatoes.  $9.99 each.They arrived quickly and hot.  Perfectly prepared.  So good in its simplicity.  Just what both of us needed!  Loved that the toast arrived not laden down with greasy butter.  Even the potatoes, although fried, were done in a non-greasy way.  We were both quite pleased with our last simple hurrah before flying back to reality.
1	Stopped in for breakfast. What can I say. This was about the worst airport food ever!I ordered the bacon ommlet thinking bacon makes everything good. Not this time.  It was basically covered with cheese wiz straight from the can.  The wiz covered everything on the plate except for the toast which was burnt on side and cold on the other.  The only good comment I can make is that the server was friendly and the serive was good.  If you are here and looking for breakfast, go to burger king as you'll have better food!
5	This was pretty good for airport food. I had a chicken sandwich. good atmosphere I really like the pictures of Sammy and friends on the walls and on the TV's which is cool cause I'm a big fan. I'd like to try another location that's not an airport see if its even better food.
4	Hey, I liked it. I had the quesadilla and a beer and thought it was great. The service was fast, the food was fresh and hot, and the beer was cold. For airport food, it exceeded my expectations. In an airport that doesn't have many options, this would definitely be my choice.
1	Skip it. Unfriendly staff and food that is sub par. At least at the fast food spots you know what you're getting... They put cilantro on both our dishes too; on the fries and the chicken wings.
4	Ok this might sound crazy but this place has THE best Cuban sandwich ever! We live in L.A. with some great Cuban restaurants that don't hold a candle to this joint. Also the fish tacos are pretty legit. Gonna have to fly southwest every time we make it out to sin city! Service is also quite lovely.
3	Slow service...AMAZING french fries! Food is good with an airport price point. Eat here only if you have a bit of a layover.
3	This place has decent music an ambiance when you need to relax while you're waiting for your flight.  The servers sure as nice, but it gets cramped quick when you're trying to find a place to sit and eat with everyone's luggage hanging around.Anything that comes out of their kitchen that has their unique sauces is definitely worth trying.
4	This restaurant makes a good burger and as others have said delicious fries! Everything was a bit dry but had good flavor. It was a bit pricy for what we got but compared to everything else around it seemed to be a great option. The service was good and accurate and they got the food out to us fast. I would eat here again.
