5	Chose this place for our daughter's birthday party and can't be happier with that decision! I can tell by my level of discomfort that the ambiance was as girly as it was supposed to be.  I was incredibly impressed by how helpful the employees were and how easy they made the whole experience.  Anyone that has thrown a birthday party like this knows how stressfull it can be getting ready for it and actually hosting it, but it was made easy by everyone at Rock the Tea. I was also incredibly impressed with how they made sure that my son also didn't feel left out. I would recommend Rock the Tea to ANYONE who is considering it as a location for their daughter's birthday party.  They are definitely worth every penny.
4	Today we attended a holiday party at Rock the Tea. For only $20 the girls each made their own gingerbread house to take, had a fashion show and played games.  Rock the Tea is very girly and when you walk in there is so much to take in.  My daughter just loved it.  The staff were very friendly and patient with the girls.  The girls loved playing dress up which the clothes and accessories were top knotch.  The staff made each girl feel special by having them model their outfit for everyone plus show off their gingerbread house.  My daughter smiled the whole time.  I haven't been to a birthday party here yet but would love to in the future.My only negative on why I didn't give it 5 stars is the location.  Turning off Russell we  saw Adult SuperStores and having my daughter ask with pointing to a half naked women - "What is that?" I was a little concerned.  But  as soon as we turned to head to the store the strip that the store was located was decent and there were no signs of what we just had seen and all was forgotten as we walked through the doors of a magical experience.
5	I went there today with two of my friends, who had all purchased the Living Social playdate deal for our daughters who are 3-4 years old.  This place is a little girls paradise! Racks full of princess dresses, shelves full of crowns and loads of accessories all helped to make the girls feel like little princesses.  Our hostess was Ms. Gabi, and she was absolutely amazing! She was so friendly and fun and my daughter loved her! The playdate included dress up time, a mini-manicure, fashion show, tea party, story time and play time. My daughter hasn't stopped talking about it all day! We will definitely be back soon!
5	My daughter was invited to a party at rock the tea and she loved it!!
4	Over the past two or three years we've attended 6 or 7 birthday parties at Rock The Tea and we have hosted one of our own there a couple of months ago.Rock The Tea is very clean, nicely decorated, spacious and it has a great selection of quality dress up clothes/accessories. The staff is friendly and professional. Little girls love this place for birthday parties. Girls get pampered - hair, nails and (light) make-up and each girl gets to select dress up clothes, shoes and jewelry. The party usually includes some sort of game or craft,  a "fancy" meal, and a fashion show.  The only reason why I am not giving it 5 stars is because I had a party with 22 girls and I felt that the flow of activities and organization was not as good as the other parties that I had been to at Rock the Tea.I recommend Rock the Tea for a fancy girls party of 12 or less girls.
5	My daughter went to a friends birthday here and she had a BLAST! it couldn't have been more perfect for a little girl. Defiantly returning!
5	What a fun and creative place! We have tried many of these girlie places for birthday parties and such and this has to be our favorite! They actually have a good selection of costumes so all the girls get a choice. They have a nice set up too... For birthday parties they do a fashion show on an actual stage.... They have a little ice cream bar and they do freeze dance... And let's not forget the princess that visits! The goodie bags come from their shop and are fun little princess trinkets. They also have camps all summer with different themes.... We keep doing princess camp where they dress up, get their hair and nails done and then learn things like manners, proper healthy eating and etiquette. They do crafts and scavenger hunts around these topics. The girls actually love it and have so much fun!The dangerous part of the place is the little shopping area when you walk in. I don't know many kids who don't say "I want this...." they have costumes, nail stuff, glitter tattoo kits, hair clips and headbands, art kits, etc... Quite the selection and nice to find unique things as gifts.The staff is all friendly and polite. They always have smiles and are quite helpful. The owner Laura is a sweetheart and really goes above and beyond for making sure customer service needs are met! We truly love this place and will be going back for a long time as they even do rock star parties for older girls!
5	Absolutely can not say enough about this beautiful, wonderful location for that "off the charts" party for your little girl!!! We celebrated our daughter's 4th birthday party here today and chose to have the "Royal Tea Party" - it was so fabulous!!! The owner, Laura, and her entire staff, made this a very special day for us and my daughter's 16 closest friends!! Not one detail was overlooked and everything was more than perfect! An absolute MUST for all the special girls in your life!!! (I'm 44 and even the Moms were saying "We want our next party here!!!") Maybe time to expand Laura!!! You are WONDERFUL!!!
4	Went for a visit with my kids it seems like they had a great time but in my opinion i think the people that work there should look a little more professional like a nice polo pink shirt with a name tag and black slacks rather than regular skinny jeans and a beanie your running a business here Another thing the color of the wall is too plain how about some colors? The place i had my sons bday party last year was at jump"n"jungle which is a plus in decor,color, and service highly recommened i loved it there you get your moneys worth!!! :-) the only reason i planning my daughters bday party here is because olivias tea house looks old and dirty and also very creepy so i have to make my princess happy and grant her wish lol.
5	What an amazing experience!! My daughter and her friends had a blast. The staff was so nice and our princess was the best I have seen. I am going to recommend this place to everyone. Thank you for the great memories.
4	My girls loved it here! We were invited to a princess birthday tea party and that's just what the girls got. They have stations where they do nails, makeup and even hair. They have a person dressed up as a character (Rapunzel in this case) to do the face paintings. They have a back room filled with girl (and some boy) costumes, tiaras, boas, hats, jewelry and shoes (along with a dressing room) so that the kids can dress up as princesses! They also have a setting for a tea party with cute lil tea cups filled with lemonade. My girls had a blast here.
5	This place is beautifully decorated. My daughter loved having her bday party here. She loved getting a mani-pedi, facial, doing a fashion show and karaoke with her friends.  The staff was very friendly, attentive and professional. Definitely the best place to have birthday parties!
