4	Which would you prefer, a lunch prepared fresh from a kitchen or something through a drive through? This gormet deli is exactly what you want when your driving around and need food but don't know where to go. Stop in for an espresso, a half salad, on real dishes or get it to go! I love this deli, it makes me feel like I'm eating healthy even when I get a big sammie with meatballs on it!!! I love it!
3	This place is off the beaten path so they know that they can charge you an arm and a leg for a sandwich. The quality of the food is really good. Everything seemed fresh, there were lots of veggie options to choose from, and they also had plenty of desserts to endulge in. When you have an office right across the street from this place and you do not have a car to drive and get food, this will be your only option. However if you have the extra dough, it is worth it. Yum.
4	I'm in Vegas for work for about 3 weeks every year. The worksite is about a mile away and there are not a lot of food choices in the area. One of the 'locals' recommended PaneVino and for about 4 years now, this is my favorite lunch spot in Vegas. The food is fresh and appealingly displayed, and the service is fast (a definite criteria for lunch). Plus it is not a chain restaurant. I prefer the deli (for speed of service) but I have eaten in the restaurant and the food is good also. This review is for the deli. The menu consists of sandwiches, soups, salads, pizza, and hot 'cafeteria' items. You order at the counter, pay, take a seat, and they bring the food to you in very nice wooden trays. You can pretty much preview the hot items, which are mostly Italian dishes, and the salads in the 'cold' case. Between me and my coworkers, we've tried most of the items and I can't remember any complaints. My favorite is the seafood salad ($9). This is loaded with jumbo shrimp, calamari, octopus, and mussels, all tossed in a light vinaigrette. The serving is very generous, with some greens (I always ask for a tad more greens which they always happily accommodate) and a couple of slices of excellent Italian bread. They make homemade gelato and sorbets and at $1.25 a scoop, you can't go wrong. But the absolute BEST thing they sell are Pignoli - Italian pine nut cookies. I've brought them home and my sister-in-law, who is Italian, gives them the thumbs up. Definitely have these.
3	I ordered the Big Turkey and the boyfriend ordered the Meaty as these were recommended by the cashier. The Meaty was flavorful, but the bread was a bit hard to bite through. The Big Turkey lived up to its name as it had LOTS of turkey. We decided on the potato salad for the side. It was good, but would have been better if it was less salty. We also ordered a Rice Aracini ball and french fries. The french fries were crispy and not too greasy; however the Aracini Ball was a bit of a disappointment not enough cheese and  very bland. The biggest let down of all were the desserts, especially since they looked so tempting in the display case. We ordered a cannoli and the chocolate mousse creme brulee. The cannoli shell was not crispy and flaky and the marscapone was dry. The creme brulee was ok, nothing special about it at all. Overall, the sandwiches were decent and I would go back to get more sammwiches.
5	This is a review of the deli.  The restaurant is also great.  I almost always get the lunch specials.  They usually have a hot special and a cold special which change every day.  They are always very good and often great.  Some examples-chunks of shark meat in a very nice sauce, muffaletta (the best I've had since New Orleans), chicken in a curry sauce, shrimp salad, etc.
4	This is a great off The Strip Italian deli that caters to mostly Las Vegas business locals. The decor is warm and inviting and parts of it are reminiscent of a small villa. Other parts are wide open and carry a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. No slot machines or keno here. It's an excellent space for a group of friends to gather, like we did. We came here for their lunch sandwiches. I ordered a wonderful pastrami sandwich. It was quite large with plenty of meat and very filling. The pastrami was flavorful and the sandwich itself was juicy. Add chips and a drink and it was all under $10. They carry all kinds of other sandwiches, desserts, salads, and hot meals. We didn't get to see the dinner room, but they have a restaurant area as well. The parking lot is quite large so that should be no problem at all. Overall, I could see myself returning here on a regular basis.
5	Sometimes I get lunch when the execs order from this place via telephone and the concierge picks up the order. It's ready by the time the concierge gets over there. It's so yummy.  Thirteen salads range from $6.50 (half the selections are in this price bracket) to $8.95 (seafood). Twenty-one sandwiches range from $5.95 (cheeseburger) to $8.50 (#15 combo- half sandwich, cup of soup, and a side salad). Also has hot food (fifteen selections) that range from $1.75 (fries) to $9.95 (meatballs). Soups are $4.50. The full size desserts (cannoli, tiramisu, creme brulee, cheesecake) are $5.00 but the mini size desserts are $2.25. Also has cookies, gelato, and sorbetti. I like the spinach salad for $6.95- baby spinach, bacon bits, egg slices, roasted almonds, and raspberry vinaigrette- mmm, it's really good; I've had it the most, at least three times. I don't remember if I had the chicken or turkey sandwich (had it once) but what I had was good. I remember the dessert being really sinful (also one time)- yup, a few hundred calories at least. I'm curious to try this place in person. The concierge said that the restaurant part  is really nice. There are two parts- restaurant and deIi. I see a visit in the near future. Stay tuned.
5	I enjoy eating here for lunch!  They have a variety of menu options to choose from and they make an amazing milestone soup!
5	Fast & Good!
5	Great selection& quality food.  Organic& vegetarian friendly :)
3	So i took the advice of other fellow Yelpsters and hit this place up for a last minute work lunch with a co worker. Walking in the place is nice, clean, and a good location to meet a professional for a casual lunch or just to grab a quick bite. Prices must have gone up since some of these other reviews as i didnt see any of the $5.95 specials which is what i was looking forward to honestly. Check the online menu and consider those the be the accurate prices, because they are. There are a few chalk board specials but they are all in similar price range as well maybe just combinations and or seasonal items as the specials. I wasnt paying so i got the cheapest thing on the menu a $6.95 Mediterranean salad and it was less than exciting. I think the lack of vinaigrette made for a bland salad. Fresh yes... something to help the mushy olives taste and texture not so much. Everything looked very good from others plates and it might have just been what i ordered. Im sure that with another chance and me ordering say a sandwich it might turn out a little better although im not too big on paying $10 for a sandwich. I think if the place is a nice setup for a lunch especially if your trying to eat light and fresh. But if your watching dollars like many are these days you can find a lunch for half this price pretty easily.
3	Panevino Deli is a good place for quick bite and casual lunch. It's a cute cafe style Deli with free wifi. They offer 22 different varieties of fresh salads and 21 different varieties of sandwiches. You can order salads and sandwiches in half portion. They also have daily special hot dishes and deserts. I enjoyed both their meaty (prosciutto + salami + capiolla) and caprese sandwiches. However, mixed berry cake was a bit too sour for me. A small plastic bottle of S. Pellegrino water is selling for $4. It sounded a bit higher to me when I saw $5 per half portion of sandwich on my receipt and the latte is only selling $4.50 here!? Next time, I will order coffee or something else to go with my sandwich. Panevino Deli is 3.5 stars in my Yelp book.
3	This review of Panevino Deli Cafe (PDC), just off Sunset across from the airport, is based on at least twenty visits over the past year. The deli, which opened about 10 years ago, promotes itself as an upscale gourmet Italian deli with upscale prices to match. It's geared more to locals and business persons than tourists though I have seen tour buses at the restaurant before. Whereas the attached Panevino Restaurant has a great view of the airport and the Strip, the deli generally looks to the south and southwest out over the parking lot and adjoining commercial/business district (though the view over the restaurant's courtyard is nice). Panevino also offers private banquet facilities. My Yelp review is only for the deli which is open from 11:00AM to 5:00PM, Monday through Friday except holidays.The deli space is fairly large and clean and has the look of a modern deli with its large glass windows, wood paneling and Italian-esque decorations. The staff is friendly and efficient. The lunch menu offers full- or half-portion Italian salads, fairly large sandwiches and hot main dishes. The deli also offers a selection of various Italian side salads, 3 different soups and quite a selection of pastries, cookies, gelato and sorbetti. The eating area offers 20 or more tables indoors and 4 or so outdoors (mostly for smokers). You place your order and pay the tab at the cash register and wait for your number to be called. Some days they are crowded at lunchtime but the order usually comes out in 5 - 10 minutes. Sandwiches are served in baskets with either a bag of chips or a small portion of average tasting coleslaw or another salad (in a small plastic container -- probably 2-3 ounces or so) while main dishes are served on clean white plates; both on a large fancy plastic tray. You pick up your own utensils, napkin, condiments and fountain drink. They also offer several different Italian sodas, flavored waters and other beverages.Mostly when I eat at PDC I order a sandwich, chips and a soft drink. The overall quality of the meals I've been served is somewhat variable. I usually like the meatball sub with its three large warm meatballs, melted provolone cheese, tangy tomato sauce and sprinkled on Parmesan cheese served on a fairly large and crusty Italian roll but sometimes it is prepared with a different bread, cool meatballs and a sauce that is just not quite right. I've also had the French Dip (OK, sometimes fatty), the Reuben (greasy), Big Turkey (eh), and Grilled Chicken Club (OK) sandwiches as well as a few of their hot meals including Meat Lasagna (not like mom's -- her's is sublime) and Chicken Parmigiana (OK I guess). A lunch sandwich with chips and a small soft drink usually sets me back about $12.PDC is a place I love to hate. It's convenient to my work. It offers a clean and attractive eating area as well as a friendly staff. My biggest disappointment is with the "meats" they put into the sandwiches -- they're just not what I'd expect from a gourmet deli. They don't seem to make these "from scratch" in their kitchen. It does not have the gourmet mouth-feel or taste to match the upscale prices. Is it really easier to serve processed turkey roll than it is sliced roasted turkey? What about the meatballs, the corned beef and the others? To me the deli-"meat" is obviously the reformed "roll" stuff that many restaurants like to use these days. Perhaps it is a "sign of the times" that restaurants sometimes use these industrial substitutes to lower costs or offer more choices; but for me, it just makes the food seem cheap and overpriced.By the way, they now offer a customer loyalty card -- buy 9 lunches and get the 10th free. Warning: only one stamp per party (rather than per person or meal ordered).-- 4.0 deserved stars for the beautiful deli and 3.0 disappointing stars for the deli food
3	That's right, this place is A-OK in my book.I have heard many good things about Panevino, so last Friday, I decided to break away from my home brought lunch to join a couple of co-workers to eat here.I figured the combo is a great way to try out Panevino.  The combo includes half a sandwich, side salad, and a cup of soup for close to $10.  I decided on the meaty (prosciutto, salami, capicola), cup of chicken noodle, and a side of Caesar salad.  I was very full after eating this combo.  Nothing special, taste like any other sandwich, soup, salad...I had a piece of my co-worker eggplant parmigiana and it was oily but tasted pretty good.Next time, I will probably try the actual restaurant side instead of the deli.
3	Yeh i liked it.  Was the Deli absolutely stellar?  Mehh.  Everything looked fresh and was good.  But i think what i would love  to see is some personality to their menu.  Everything is just pretty standard.  Salad bar, lots of sandwiches. etc.  And it looks really nice but theres nothing that quite stood out and said "Thats the reason i'm coming back"  I'll probably come back just because of it's close proximity to my work
4	This is a great place to grab a quick lunch if you are like me and don't eat fast food and want something a little nicer than the usual chains around town.  The selection is quite large with everything from sandwiches to pastas to full entrees.  They also have a nice selection of salads and deserts.  However the deserts are no longer made on site; no pastry chef anymore.  Always a friendly person behind the register.  Check it out if you're near the airport and need a quick casual lunch.
4	One of my favorite places to go to for lunch when I'm working here in Vegas. I usually order the combo, which includes your choice of salad, soup and sandwich. There are a lot of choices to choose from for salad, soup and sandwich, so good luck with the combo when you need to pick one of each. :)I've found that the French dip sandwich is exceptionally good. The au jus isn't very salty and a dip of the sandwich in the au jus gives the roast beef + bread just the right amount of flavor. I round up my meal with chicken noodle soup and a Caesar salad. Plenty of seating inside and parking outside.
5	They have a great selection of vegan food, and the manager, Vincenzo, is extremely knowledgeable about plant-based nutrition. Great atmosphere as well.
4	Went here for lunch yesterday around noon.  It was very busy, of course - yet the wait to order and receive the food was not indicative of that.  A great start!  I had been to the restaurant side previously, but this was my first time to the deli side.  VERY different than the restaurant, which exudes ambiance with fine dining and a great view, plus the homemade italian taste.  The deli side is cafeteria crossed with restaurant - so very casual and (sadly) no view.  Definitely a great spot for lunch.  Seems to be great for business workers!  LOTS of menu options - and while I am not a vegan, I noticed they have a large selection for those who are.  They have a large selection of salads, sandwiches and hot items.  We tried the seafood salad (my boyfriend had this before and likes it), and I had the cobb salad.  My complaint with these would be the portions.  I would expect a lot more "salad" for the price.  However it was fresh and tasty!  Avocado for the cobb was slightly too ripe for my liking (more mushy than I would suggest for a salad, maybe okay as a spreadable for a sandwich).  Sitting near the hot food while eating made us desire a piece of the meat lasagna too.  The sauce was delicious, loads of meat, noodles were fresh.  It came with a side of potatoes that were slightly crispy, and a very good accompaniment.  All in all it was a wonderful lunch experience!  I would definitely go back, probably ordering a sandwich or hot food instead of the salad in the future.  I noticed they have wi-fi too, for those business workers who need to eat through lunch... and desserts for those with a sweet tooth!
3	I met a friend for lunch. It wasn't all that crowded for a Friday at 12:30. I had a lunch combo of half a sandwich, cup of soup and a side salad. I chose the chicken Milanese for my half sandwich, minestrone soup and potato salad. I took a very long time for our food to be ready. They call out your number and you go to the counter to pick it up. I thought they had somehow skipped our order or we just hadn't heard it being called. Finally after 15 minutes we received our order. My sandwich was very good. The only complaint would be that the outside of the bread was too crisp. The inside however was nice and soft. My minestrone soup was just ok. The vegetables were sparse and were cut up extremely small but the flavor was good. The potato salad came on a Omar and was a huge portion. It was very good. Nice and cold and good flavor. All in all I had a good experience but would not recommend going on your lunch hour when you are pressed for time.
4	Tried to go to Pannevino restaurant for lunch, but instead ended up at the deli. I went straight to the deli case and debated on which salad I was going to order. I say debate because they have a pretty big selection. Soups, sandwiches, pasta dishes, and desserts. Tons to choose from!! I ended up with minestrone soup and the Mediterrano Salad. MY guy got the lasagna. I have heard it can get pretty busy, but we arrived for a late lunch and it was pretty chill. It did take a minute for our food to come out, so I don't think this is the place for a "Quick" lunch.The Pannevino Deli is a nice spot for a casual lunch. Good food, and a few decent wines to choose from too.
4	Located on Sunset across from the airport, I've driven by Panevino plenty of times but didn't realize until recently that they had a separate space that serves as their cafe/deli. It's got the feel of an upscale cafeteria with plenty of tables and long counters with displays of food. They offer many choices of salads, soups, sandwiches, hot dishes and desserts that will satisfy carnivores, vegetarians, and vegans. Place your order at the counter and they'll call your number for you to pick it up when ready.Their meat lasagna ($9.95) wasn't pretty, but the taste made up for it. The sauce was respectable and the meat savory and delicious. Too bad it looked like a jumbled pile of mess. The caprese salad was pretty standard and didn't disappoint. I finished of the meal with a slice of their chocolate fondant cake ($6), a very dense and rich layered cake with a creamy chocolate cream in between layers. Lunch wasn't cheap, but was a nice change of pace from typical fast casual spots in the area.3.5 Stars
5	Lunch was excellent. They have a large selection of sandwiches and salads. Highly recommended for lunch.
5	Best food at a reasonable price in the Las Vegas area.  Fantastic quality & variety.  Easy parking & right across from Town Square and South of the airport on Sunset.  We went there twice in one week, & I would go back in a minute.  Fantastic food.  Good service, very top notch business.  After about 1 pm it gets pretty empty, if you can go a little later than  the usual lunch hour.
4	This place is good.  The staff was super friendly and helpful, and the place stayed busy the whole time we were there. It feels like a deli when you walk in with big display cases of salads to chose from. It has a ton of other choices too!  I think the best deal is to get the combo, which comes with half a sandwich, a cup of soup, and a side or salad. I chose the meaty, which had the typical Italian cold cuts; the tomatoes soup, which they got from the restaurant side, and the caprese salad, which is one of my fav salads. The sandwich was on a good french roll type bread, with only balsamic vinegar, so I added mayo.  The soup was flavorful and had chunks of tomato instead of all creamed, and I added hot pepper, because I like it spicy. The caprese salad had firm tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella and chopped basil. I added more oil and balsamic, then soaked up the goodness with a piece of bread I stole off my friend's plate. This was actually way too much food, so I took half is it home for later.Another bonus is this place has coke products!  Yes!They also have a large dessert selection, but I was way too full to consider. I would definitely come back again....and I want to try the restaurant next door.
5	Amazing restaurant!!! I went there to celebrate my husband's Bday and the wait staff were so friendly! They made a surprise by giving my husband a free dessert with a happy bday message on it. Great vegan menu!!! I would definitely recommend it!
4	Excellent stop for lunch.  My office is on Pilot so it's very convenient.  Everything is about $10 here.  I love the French Dip but I've also tried other sandwiches that were very tasty.  The only sandwich I would stay away from is the Chicken Parm.  Not as good as I though it would be.
2	I am a big fan of the Panevino Restaurant and have always enjoyed their sister offering Panevino Deli. This last experience was disappointing on several fronts 1. The cost of a turkey sandwich, cole slaw side and large drink - $14.00.  Wow. No way is that even close to a reasonable price for what was offered; 2. The cole slaw had absolutely no flavor or creaminess; and 3. The wait time the receive the sandwich ordered at 12:30 was almost 18 minutes. Way way too long. Hope they can do better next time.
4	Located across the street from the airport, this is a review of the deli/cafe side of Panevino. I will start with my only complaint/suggestion they should have a wait staff to take your order at the table, right now you have to go up and order at the counter. People come here for meetings and they have briefcases and the like and to have to drag them up the counter and juggle the tray, it's a little unseemly. Now on to the good stuff. The food is great and the salads are very fresh. The restaurant is always very clean as well. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Panevino Deli is a yummy and reasonably priced lunch option in the area. Panevino is located close to my office- so it is easy to frequent.  They have plenty of options to choose from, including soups, salads, sandwiches, pasta, and desserts. Their food is prepared with great quality items and always tastes freshly prepared. They have their own parking lot, so it is a quick place to get in and out of. They have fantastic food, good service, and I would consider it a very top notch business.
3	Meh.During the lunch rush they're incredibly slow to make something as simple as a turkey sandwich. If you order something pre-made and "hot" be ready to be underwhelmed. I ordered the lasagna and its consistently lukewarm to cold. The chicken parm is the same way. The only consistently good thing on the menu seems to be the orzo pasta salad, which is cold to begin with.
3	Due to its proximity to my office, I occasionally run to Panevino Deli when I don't have enough time to go out for lunch.  I can phone in my order and walk over to pick it up.  My order has always been correct and ready when I get there.  I do feel that they are a bit overpriced and some of the fare is lacking in flavor (lasagna, chicken parm), but it can't be beat for convenience for me personally.  My go-to items that are consistently enjoyable are the pasta e fagioli soup ($4.95) and the cherry tomato caprese salad ($8.95).  Their iced tea and peanut butter cookies are also very good.
4	This place is a great spot for your lunch break. Quick and delicious means and a beautiful deli atmosphere. Lots of options from which to choose, hot foods, sandwiches, salads and even amazing desserts! And there's free wifi! I will definitely be back.
