5	I was so excited to hear that Mademoiselle Macaron (known well from the markets around Edinburgh) had finally opened her new cafe that she had been working on for months.Even from outside the shop front, you could tell that this was an intriguing and decadent place. We made our way inside, awed by the gorgeous little touches that make Mademoiselle Macaron any lady's new favourite place in town to feel pampered. There were dresses (made by the dressmaker in residence who will measure and fit you for your dress), ruffles, striped boxes, a macaron tower and... What's that? The Eiffel Tower table and chaise lounges! Like in the markets, there was an excellent lineup of macarons including chocolate, vanilla, caramel, pistachio, raspberry, Hendricks' gin, and even Innis & Gunn flavoured macarons! Beyond the macarons, the cafe also boasts pastries by their pastry chef, eclairs, and other goodies such as the mouthwatering white chocolate mouse tart. Of course they also had a fantastic selection of drinks - Steam Punk coffee, lovely teas, and also some tantalizing white hot chocolate that looked fabulous!Everything was delicious and I enjoyed each of my four different little macarons, indulging in them and also enjoying just taking in the lovely ambiance of this fabulous new cafe!
5	I was lucky enough to be invited to the official launch of this little corner of Paris in Edinburgh and I was absolutely blown away by how gorgeous it is! From the Eiffel Tower to the takeaway cups with place for a macaron, no detail has been over looked in this cosy space.Not only can you pick up some delightful macarons, there's also a resident dressmaker! You can choose your fabrics, have your measurements taken & get a dress custom made by the lovely Caroline.The Mademoiselle will also be holding macaron classes on site.There really isn't anything I don't love about this place~!! Absolutely cannot wait to visit again!!
5	If I'm anywhere near her stall at Edinburgh Markets, I'm always getting the largest fix of Mademoiselle's Macarons!   I'm so happy she has opened her first shop on the lovely Grindlay Street.  I'm daring everyone to get there pre show/theatre fix here as it's slap bang right next to the traverse theatre/ usher hall!!  I can't fault her anywhere on the macaron side apart from my ever expanding macaron waistline ;) ;)  But by gee they are truly tasty indeed.  My favourite has to be the Hendrick's Gin and the second has to be chocolate &passionfruit.  Everybote is a bite of heaven and a reminder of my Paris trip!Rachel aka is the Mademoiselle, is friendly and knowledgable - which is way up there customer service. It's great chatting with her.The shop has a huge Effiel Tower in it which is certainly impressive and a back drop of the Edinburgh castle from her window - what more could you want!  Oh yes - the macarons are gluten free. AND serves steampunk's coffee.  Hot chocolate and teas are also avaliable by other artsians too!If I have a tip: go at the weekend because Mademoiselle offers slightly more than than macarons - tarts, eclairs etc!So what are you waiting for?  GO. SEEK and be MACERONED!
5	Stopped in close to closing time on Wednesday and got a couple of extra Macarons added to my bag. I had the blue ones (earl grey) and my tongue turned bright blue! Was funnyLove this place.
4	Macarons are my friend! I'm gluten free, and love cake, and so macarons are my bite-sized piece of sweetness. I do really like macarons, they go perfectly with a nice americano or earl grey. Two doesn't feel too greedy, even three feels sensible, so you can happily try a few different flavours. I think they're mainly made from almond flour, egg white, sugar and whatever flavour they go for. And here at Mademoiselle Macaron, there were very inventive flaours: Gin & Tonic, Innis & Gunn beer, Earl Grey. I tried the Gin & Tonic after lunch, and you could really taste the gin! Not sure what the alcohol content would be... but 100% deliciousness!The wee store is cute, got a lovely Parisian theme, and the macarons are displayed pride of place up the front in a wee glass case. There doesn't seem to be many on display, but I assume they replenish the case as it dwindles down, as they didn't seem to be low when we went in.The lady who runs it, whose name I don't know but I assume is Mademoiselle herself, is also lovely! You can tell this is a personal-run business come from a passion for the products she sells. And this is something I always love.So, vive le Macaron and vive Mmlle Macaron!
5	So this year my girlfriends and I decided that instead of buying each other gifts for our birthdays, we would take the birthday girl on an outing. So far, all of our outings have been food and dessert based because, well, us. This past weekend was my birthday treat, and the ladies surprised me with an afternoon of delectable delights at Mademoiselle Macaron.When we arrived we were greeted very very warmly by the Mademoiselle herself. We had a round of lovely teas accompanied by four macarons each of our choosing and followed by a little cake each of our choosing. And WOW. I really like macarons and have been sampling what is on offer at various cafes around Edinburgh with little success. I have found that they are often too crispy (a macaron needs to have some chew!) with bland flavours. In the spirit of doing one thing and doing it right, Mademoiselle Macaron does macarons RIGHT. They were not only a gorgeous consistency but the flavours were rich and interesting. My particular favourites were the Innis & Gunn (YUM) and chocolate passion fruit. Oh!  And the gingerbread was gorgeous too. I desperately want to try the salted caramel and Hendricks gin too.Then the cakes. We each chose a different cake (Oreo mousse, nun buns, raspberry eclair) and shared them all. Again on the major yum.When we were just about to finish up, Mademoiselle Macaron surprised us with little take away bags of brownies. We resisted the urge to tuck in immediately and I had a cheeky munch of mine for breakfast the next day. SO FUDGEY. Majorly good. We also learned a bit about the business, that it takes THREE hours to make a batch of macarons and that there are plans in the pipeline to extend the shop and add in a champagne bar (!!!!!).  I don't think that this kind of "package" is a normal deal here but it seems like the Mademoiselle is entirely open to random emails from folks saying "hey! it's my friend's birthday and we would like to come here. Can we hang out and eat lots of cakes some day?" and she'll gush and be lovely and set something up.Brilliant day out and happy bellies abound.
