4	I'd rate Sesame a 3.5 stars if that were an option. I ate there last night for the first time after a recommendation from a friend. We had:- vege dumplings (nothing special)- shrimp dumplings (very tasty)- salmon tartar (nice presentation and quite good)- grilled eel maki roll (standard)- General Tao tofu (great)Overall food was good quality and good value for the price, the service was good and the atmosphere was fun. I would definitely go back. Although we didn't try it one thing of note on the menu is the General Tao Poutine, this sounds so dirty yet potentially so tasty. Would love to hear from anyone who tried it.
1	This is an overpriced lunch restaurant serving dinner and it's still overpriced. The service was more than lackluster (we had to beg for our water glasses to be refilled.) The spring roll was loosely and nothing special. The "dim sum" was doughy and the sauce wasn't very good. The main course with shrimp had *5* shrimp and the other main course is better produced by fast food chains. This is dinner, folks, the menu needs to be better. The food more interesting and more authentic, of it's not authentic then at least interesting. And seriously, you can't manage to fill a glass of water without prompting?Beautiful decor. Should have saved up for a chef.
3	Open SesameI went here for lunch and was somewhat put off by the fact that my sister and I were the only customers at the time.  This made us a bit weary, but the time constraint and our love of szechuan convinced us to stay.For starters, the lunch menu offers a soup, main and dessert for $20.  Not too shabby.  I had the spicy Thaie Coco, the Crispy beef and green tea ice cream as a dessert.  All in all the quality of the food was good, the vegetables fresh, and the portions fair.   The service however was a bit slow considering we were the only ones there, but the waitress was very polite and friendly.They also do Dim Sum and sushi.  I'd go back, this time to try their General Tao poutine.Fuggedaboutit'
3	OVERPRICED. The food is Okay, get the general tao, pad tai or some of the salads. The price you are paying is  for the location since the food is only passable at best but the decor and atmosphere is nice
2	Terrible lunch. Their chicken was exceptionally dry, and when I complained about it I was told their chickens have lots of extra protein so this is normal.  Huh?On a positive note, they swapped my dish for another, which unfortunately was a sub-par pad Thai. Meh - at least they had tall-boy Sapporo cans to wash it down with.  That, and they're on OpenTable so you'll get some points for a reservation.
3	This place was a disappointment, so I won't even bother writing the rest of this review in full sentences.- Everything tastes like teriyaki sauce, as my friend put it.- Poutine was blah, same issue as above.- Wine was not bad- Ordered basil beef, but I didn't taste basil
2	Agreed with Susan W.  Disappointing.  It took 5-10 minutes to be acknowledged by the wait staff.  It was the first Thursday of Jazz Festival, however the restaurant was not even close to full capacity, in fact, it only had a few tables when I arrived.  I ordered a Sapporo beer and a Crevettes Cary Rouge (Shrimp - Red Curry).  The sauce was okay, but the dish was average at best.
1	How very disappointing.  My husband dropped by to get take out for our Friday night dinner.  He ordered the Tom Yum soup, Singapore noodle (chicken), spring rolls, and finally, a beef curry dish.  All, except for the spring rolls, tasted horrible.  Having lived in Bangkok for 2 years never have I seen Tom Yum soup that had noodles in it.The chicken Singapore noodles lacked flavour and to my surprise had huge chunks of broccoli and red pepper in it.  The beef curry was bland as well.  The whole meal was  a little over $50...wouldn't mind paying this amount had the food tasted like it should.What a shame and a waste of money.  Will order pizza next time at our local pizzeria. Dissatisfied customer
3	Tried the orange General Tso chicken entree and found the flavor...confusing. Maybe it should either be General Tso or orange chicken, not both? Also on the expensive side for what you get. Otherwise convenient location and easy take out option.
1	What a terrible experience!First the cashier was in a rush for her lunch,then hey mixed up our order. And when the manager (Gerard) found out that it's been a mistake he blamed us of not letting them know, he grabbed my husband's dish and literally throw his first order on the table.the food was awful,the salmon tasted their refrigerator and it was dry. Very very expensive.the imperial roll was too greasy and full of potato !!! Very heavy. ..that was our first and last time there. Worst service and food I 've ever had.i wish we could try Thaii express instead that would be much better.
5	I had a fabulous experience there. The staff were extremely friendly, it seemed like a family owned atmosphere. It's difficult to find quick food to go in that location after 5. The food was great. Large selection of anything Asian. They gave me some free salad rolls to go that were excellent.
4	Small joint but I walked in on a Saturday night and had no problem getting a table. Serves a mixture of Asian styles, Thai, Chinese, etc. in a modern trendy setting. The wonton soup I ordered had a very good flavour. The Stir fry wasn't anything mind blowing but was flavorful and a decent size. Wait staff were friendly. I'm sure you could find more authentic specific Asian cuisine, but the location was good right on Place des Arts and the food was tasty and ambiance pretty good.
4	Stopped by here because the place we were planning to go was closed. I'm glad we wound up here. I had the General Tao Tofu Poutine. Surprisingly delicious. My sister had the Vege salad, which was also great, and my dad had the Won Ton soup, which he loved. We split the black sesame ice cream for dessert, which I recommend. It was sort of nutty, and tasted vaguely like peanut butter ice cream. I thought it was the perfect amount to split between two or three people to cap our meal.
1	Horrendous experience a couple weeks ago here at this restaurant.  Sat down at the table for almost 30 minutes waiting for someone.  When we finally got our food, all THREE orders were wrong.  Not even a simple apology was given to us. If your touring the area, go somewhere else.  If you're a local, they'll probably treat you better.
4	Excellent! We were five and hade a bit of every thing spring rolls , dim sum, Singapore noodles, beef red curry , won ton soup and the Thai coco soup. They were all very good however the noodles were average. The red curry and coco soup I thought were excellent. We had one desert the molten lava cake which was tasty. We went on a Friday night and it was not very busy. The service was very friendly and good. To drink we had a tea , a beer and a large sparkling water and the bill was $150.00 which I think was well worth it.
4	I had lunch there and it was absolutely delicious!  Plus the price was only $15 for a chicken basil stir fry and rice.  Fantastic!  But really more of a fast food type joint so I wouldn't go there for dinner even though it's supposedly a sit-down resto at night.
