5	This place is the craft cocktail place in Aria. Just opened and the mixologists know what they're doing :) A relaxing and fun vibe. Not pretentious and can I emphasize... Relaxed? This is a good spot on the Vegas strip.
1	Don't bother coming here. The drinks are expensive and they charge you per ice cube. Yes they charge you for ice.
5	Me and some friends decided to stop in and check out this newly renovated bar at aria and I must say the drinks are seriously delicious ! Very unique drink menu the whole atmosphere was just great ! Defiantly a goto spot to get the night started with my girls :) thanks for the great time ( oh and btw we didn't get charged per ice cube )
5	Seriously love the ambience of this place. You'll feel like you're in Great Gatsby. Drinks are very unique. Awesome staff. Located on first floor of ARIA - easy to find. Stop by, and you won't be disappointed!
5	This is my new favorite lounge in the city. Great place to grab a cocktail at, with a really cool menu that gives you different options that you won't see at a normal lounge. Highly recommend
5	Heard about this place from a friend and came in to try the lounge after a night out. definitely lives up to the hype. Very elegant but casual at the same time.
1	The most arrogant and expensive bar I have ever been to. My friend was refused water. This is serious he is s diabetic and always needs water while having a drink. The female bartender was not friendly and to think after we ordered 2 expensive drinks would not give us water. Also, chairs were moved and we had to move one back and were given stares like we had done something really bad. Seriously, I have been to bars all over the world and this is not Monaco or San Tropez where they can have an attitude and do not.  Go to the Lift Bar bartenders are a class act and friendly and polite.
5	My favorite  cocktail lounge in Vegas, Atmosphere is amazing and all the drinks r delicious. Everyone was really friendly and they made all of us feel very special ! I recommend this Lounge to everyone that wants a great experience
5	Great spot right in the heart of Aria. Comfortable atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious drinks. My favorite is the Blackberry Bliss made with Gin, bomb. Definitely my go to lounge in Vegas.
5	My favorite drink is the blackberry bliss. The feel of this place is great the staff is very knowledgable about the variety of cocktails. The venue is crisp looking and compliments Aria's modern style.
5	When I was in Aria I had the pleasure of getting to check out their newly opened Alibi Cocktail Lounge. The venue itself is beautiful, very open, and has a lot of space. The music was set to an appropriate level where I could have a conversation with the person next to me which was nice. I hate when you go somewhere and the music is to loud!        They had a wide selections of in house specialty cocktails to choose from, along with the knowledge of all the classics. It's so rare and nice when you ask a bartender for a last word, or a blood and sand and they not only know what you are talking about, but can execute it as well. The bar staff really knew their drinks here.        It was pretty busy when I was at Alibi, so there was a bit of a wait, but it was well worth it to get a proper last word. When it slowed down a little I got a chance to talk and pick the brain of the bartender for a bit. As we talked I let the bartender know I was a big fan of bourbons, blantons was recommended to me which I had never tired.      Naturally I got it on the rocks, the bartender let me know that their would be a $2 rocks upcharge because you get an extra .5 oz of liqour in the drink. 2 dollars for more booze, ya ill take that deal all day.     The bartender also gave me the choice of choosing from different types of specialty ice that they offer, a sphere,  a cube, and a shard I think he called it, was basically a long rectangle of ice. He explained to me that this ice was made off property and had a $1.50 charge to it, I opted out of the specialty ice and just went with the normal ice, which was free. From reading other post it seems like a lot of people are confused about being charged for ice, which simply isn't the case. I hope my experience with the bartender helps to shed some light on the ice complaints I've seen in other reviews.      Having said, that the last word that I got was $16 and the blantons on the rocks was $16, a little pricey. That's to be expected though when in a casino on the strip in Las vegas though. 5 stars and 5 diamond casinos don't come cheap!!                              I highly recommend giving Alibi Cocktail Lounge a try on anyone's next visit to Aria, my experience was wonderful. Great drinks, great service, great venue!!
5	So my friends and I were wandering through Aria looking for a place to rest our feet honestly.  Long story short, we ended up taking a seat at Alibi and after my second Cocoa Fashion (kind of like an Old Fashion, but with a chocolate burst, YUM) we decided this would be our new meetup before we went out to party each night.  Cool place, nice staff, and amazing drinks.  I'm happy!  Oh, and FYI, they gave me a complimentary glass of water when I asked for it unlike what someone else mentioned.  :)
5	Bad ass cocktail lounge! With legit classic cocktails! Great food & great drinks! Try the le peche! My fav! Fell in love:) Beautiful room beautiful people! Got to check it out.
1	Terrible service. The cocktail waitress (Theresa) could not handle the 1/4 full lounge. The place was almost empty and all the tables were reserved. The Bar manager stood in the corner with a scowl and texted on his phone the whole time.  It's one of those places that is unwelcoming and thinks it's a cooler hipper spot than it really is. The staff is too hip to take care of the customers. Drinks were weak and the over priced, of course. After ordering my rum and coke with lime, she brought it with no line and then I asked her for the lime and she still never brought it. My friend ordered a beer and she brought the bottle with no glass. Theresa should find another line of work.UPDATE:  The manager wrote a reply to this review asking for me to please email them.  Made it sound like they care and would like to follow though so I sent an email to this person, Joanna and I never got a reply.
3	Grand opening party with passed appetizers and libations. That is my full disclosure!Not a huge crowd but the place was somewhat busy. The appetizers I sampled were mini lobster tacos and mini pigs in a blanket. Usually the free apps are mini!Both were top notch. The one drink I had was a tangerine something or other. It was very good and I noticed quite a few speciality coctails that looked yummy on the menu.The vibe is that of the typical Aria lounge- swanky. This is fine in small doses (or grand opening parties!) If you're a fan of mixology, check it out. Anytime I don't have to pay is a good time. Machines at the bar, here's your chance to spend a 20 and maybe win, since a drink will run you about 20 anyway.
4	Nice..casual..great service (vegas great)..East access..sweet setting..cool people. .rocking music..and off course..great looking service
5	I have been coming to the Aria for a long time and it is nice to see that they have finally upgraded the old City Bar into a high end Craft Cocktail bar. The seating and atmosphere was great and the service exceeded my expectations for Vegas. The bartenders know how to make a real craft cocktail and take their time to practice their art. If you want a quick Bud Light I would look elsewhere. Our server was Samantha and she was knowledgeable about the drinks and very attentive. Bottom line - Great Service, Great Drinks, Great Atmosphere. I'll be back.
5	Great drinks, friendly staff. I stayed at the Aria and the Alibi is right downstairs. My girls and I came in for cocktails, girl talk and to check for guys. The waiter, I believe his name is Devin or Derrick, he was real nice, very attentive to my party's needs. The drinks were great and my friends and I had a great time.
2	4stars to DJ !!! I got hyped by the music that DJ played for us.He played songs that are mixed from old funk to pop songs.Transition between songs is really smooth. 0 stars for the bar. Cocktails were not worth the price.(4+0)/2=2 stars
2	Located inside Aria, this is a fancy looking cocktail lounge with great music. I liked how everything was so nicely set up. Someone would come by every now and then to clean up your table and to reorganize things nicely as they were each time. The reason why I gave them 2 stars however is because of the cocktail. I tried 2 of their signature cocktails, but I felt like they really weren't that good especially considering the price. Perhaps it was supposed to be a savory cocktail or something, but it all just tasted to funky for me. I requested for something really sweet, and that was the recommendation I got. If you are looking for somewhere "nice" atmosphere wise, this is the place to go to, but otherwise don't go.
5	L O V E !!!!!!!!!! Went there and absolutely looooved the black berry bliss ! Great atmosphere and the staff was super accommodating. Tyra in particular ! She was so sweet and helpful ! I highly recommend ... The bartender was great too her skills were great I think her name was Naedene !!!! This place is great def. Recommend I'll be back in April !!!!
5	Tyra! Best ever!!! Loved the Swedish flower she offered us to try!  Will be back for sure.. If you go ask for Tyra!
4	Okay, first and foremost, everyone needs to stop with "wahh the drinks are pricey!" Seriously, what did you think coming to Aria and ordering a specialty drink? All specialty cocktails on the strip range from $14-18. If you find any cheaper, please let me know. Really, I'd like to know lol. Enough of my rant, time for the drinks!We went with the Lonsdale & Rosemary Amaretti. I definitely preferred these to the drinks I had at Vesper in Cosmo a little bit ago. I loooved the Rosemary Amaretti! Really smooth, and I know this sounds weird but this drink smelled so good lmao. I seriously wanted the scent as a candle for my house! It was floral and sweet yet crisp and slightly citrusy as well. Way too easy to drink, watch out with this one lol. The Lonsdale was also really good. Tasted like hard cider with a deeper herbal note. Definitely would have these any day again. Great little spot in Aria :) yum!
4	a great place to pregame before heading out on the town. the signature cocktails, at a $16 price tag, are unique and well worth it! to my surprise the appetizers offered were delicious! favorite pick is definitely the pigs in a blanket.
