1	I used to go here every morning for breakfast but no more.  This place has the rudest staff I ever encountered, particularly this one supervisor there who is bossing everyone around.  If you like psychodrama and tension in the morning, this is the place.
5	This was the first McDonald's in Las Vegas to have the new interior design & WiFi many years ago, when they still charged for it. This location is close to the corner of Sunset and Eastern, which is near the airport runway. The staff is friendly and the manager here knows how to get the customer their order quickly, even when there is a large group of people. This is a good spot to grab a drink or some food before heading over to Sunset Park across the street.
3	The staff is always nice to me. Of course I only know that because the drivethru kept dumping the drinks on me/my car so I started going inside to eat. I figured that was easier than dry cleaning or washing my car. The inside runs well together and handles the occasional freaks with class.
2	Today I ordered small fries. The amount of salt on the fries was tremendous. I would have asked for another order of fries with no salt, but I had seen there were no fresh fries being made at the time as the fry bin was full of those dreadful salt covered fries. I was on my lunch break and I didn't have the time to wait for a fresh batch. I spent around 3 minutes wiping my fries with tissues, desperately trying to get the salt off. Unfortunately this isn't the first time this has happened at this particular restaurant location. I am reluctant to go back anytime soon.
3	I eat here a few times a month and since the drive thru kept dumping my drink on me (twice in a month) I started going inside where the service is top notch. Of course today was the first trip to the bathroom where I discovered no paper towels (airblowers) but since I was there to blow my nose. I used a napkin and found no trash can. Im sure thats a price saving measure but I still believe you should have one or you will find all kinds of foreign objects being flushed down the drain. Just a thought guys. Just a thought.
3	Really really nice and friendly staff here.  I've mostly been through the drive-thru, and it's usually the same group of ladies working on Saturday afternoons.  Super nice and they never mess up my order.My only issue is the drive-thru layout.  I don't like three windows, and I don't like the face-to-face ordering.  Seems less efficient, takes longer.But all in all, good place.
4	Best McDonald's in town. Professional, fast and consistent.  Thats really all you can ask for in a McD's.
5	Now that they have upgraded and no longer have face to face, this is my favorite McDonald's in Vegas.
1	I had a horrible experience this morning.  The Latina girl working at the window was incredibly rude and condescending.   I was going to go to the Einstein Bagel that is close by, but opted for this McDonald's.  I wish I had gone with my original choice.  I will in the future.  It made my whole morning feel very negative.  I advise against using this establishment due to the customer service.
5	I love this place! Lovely place to enjoy quiet mornings with a senior cup of coffee. I bring in my computer, hook up to wireless and catch up on morning work. The staff are the best, the dining area is always clean, flowers on the tables, and a comfortable nook for quiet time that has a view around--not jammed away in a shopping area overlooking rapid traffic. All the window tables have electricity, inviting those of us who enjoy computer work. Yet I have never found the dinning room too crowded so that I feel I am taking dining space from others.What can I say about the food? Well, it is McDonald's so hamburger fare is what you get. The coffee is super; I never find myself missing Starbucks. I second the mention of the beautiful chandelier in the center of the dining area--beautiful and classy. All in all, I count this location as my favorite McDonald's in Las Vegas.
1	Went here in Saturday morning for breakfast (yes, I know they stop serving at 10:30). Anyway... Pulled up to the drive through at 10:27, breakfast menu was still up so I placed my order with the rude girl on the speaker. After she took my order she told me to "hold on". She then told me I would have to order from the lunch menu because they're out of breakfast items. She was the rudest person I have ever encountered in a drive through. So I went to Jack in the Box for breakfast for the first time and I gotta say... It was fantastic, I may never go back to McDonalds again! Either way, this reminded me why these are NOT $15 an hr jobs.
2	Heads up: This McDonald has higher prices for kids meals compared to other McDs in the area. Also,  our food was over cooked and wrong 2 times. The staff was nice and walked around to check on customers as they were eating.  The dining area was very clean and with great temperature. The prices is probably a reason to avoid coming here again.
