5	Huge portions and authentic food!  The place looks a little sketchy on the outside (that's not an understatement), but the food was surprisingly good.  I ordered the sesame chicken combo, which came with egg rolls and fried rice, totaling about $9 after drink and tax.Everything was made fresh to order, right in front of me.  The heaping portions barely fit in the box, and were probably 2-3 times the serving you'd get at Panda.  The chicken was hot, crispy, and delicious (a little light on the sauce for my taste, but still great).  The egg rolls were steaming hot.  And the fried rice was full of egg and fresh cut veggies.  They're open until 930, even on Sunday, which was a huge plus for me.  The owner seems to be the only staff there, and he was very polite and appreciative of my business.  I'd definitely go back.Don't judge this place by its cover.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed
3	HUGE portions. I could not finish my meal. At $8 one combo meal can feed a small army. I ordered the general tso's chicken combo(every combo includes fried rice, chicken lo mein, an egg roll and cream crab puffs), but since I ordered delivery I needed to order $12 worth of food. I added pepper steak with onions to reach a total of $18 after delivery. The food was piping hot when I got it, however it was just okay. The general tso's chicken was average, the fried rice was lacking in eggs or any other stir fry veggies, but the lo mein was excellent as well as the egg rolls and cream crab puffs. The best dish was easily the pepper steak - excellent flavor, fresh peppers and onions, and tender steak- it was great. I'll definitely eat here again, but for now I need to overcome this food induced coma.
5	Good prices, huge portions, and great tasting. With fast delivery. What more can you ask for?
3	With only three reviews so far, I didn't set my expectations high, which was a good thing. First, I wish I would've done delivery. Not the best place to be after dark, and you DO NOT want to "dine in", unless you feel the need to watch the 27" rabbit-eared TV and sit next to the serving pan on the next table.Guy was really friendly (yelled "MICHAEL!" when I walked in. I must've been the only order?). He quickly put down his cigarette and finished my order nicotine free. The portions are huge. I got two dinner specials (comes with fried rice, lo mien, egg roll, and cream cheese won ton for $8) and my wife and I would not have even finished one of them.But how did it taste? My orange chicken and beef & broccoli tasted just like every other average chinese food.The cream cheese won tons were the stars.
4	Facility is dingy but the food and service is great. I had the Vegetable Chow Mien and Vegetable MooSho.
5	Amazing, local, fresh Chinese food with large enough portions to feed 2-3 people per dish. This place looks like a dive, but do not be fooled by outward appearances. They are always busy, because they are good! And Chinese food delivered, in Mesa, AZ? Awesome! We are new, happy customers for life.
4	Horrible location. I opted for delivery and it came fast. For right bucks it was huge on portions. One person can't finish one combo. The orange chicken was on par with what you'd expect. The rice and noodles were way good. Definitely good for delivery Chinese food.
4	Excellent Chinese food.  Don't let the outside our inside fool you,  get trading HUGE portions.  Will definitely be back.
4	Good food, but dining in isn't recommended! I'll stick to delivery next time! Parents were craving Chinese and from our experience from delivery the food was good but didn't think dining in would be that bad! .... They should just be a delivery resto, no dining in.
4	Great food at great prices. We got two dinner combos and had a lot leftover. Sesame chicken was good but the general tso's was dry with all of the sauce at the bottom of the dish. Still it was a good overall meal that I would get again maybe with only one dinner combo which will save us a lot of money. Am thinking the general tso issue was just an honest mistake. Service was great. Very friendly and helpful. Loses a star for cleanliness. Definitely take it home.
4	So...we have been in the area about 18 months; still looking for a good place for Chinese since we left our military environs in CA replete with multiple options. We have found it! China Rice is on speed dial.The food is good, and "generous" is an understatement when it comes to portions and value.  The crab puffs are a good starter...very tasty. We got sweet and sour chicken and shrimp fried rice. The rice was not gooey, but not dry either - "just right" and flavorful, the shrimp perfectly cooked, the chicken tender, and the sauce really nice: truly sweet and sour.  Probably the only wish would be for less chunky veggies in the sweet and sour (there was so much chicken it didn't really matter to my husband), and for there to be veggies in the fried rice (I will just order differently next time.).As for comments re: the premises...true, it is not a new or modern building, but it was not dirty, nor did it smell greasy or nasty (and I'm a big one on "smells"...left two other places because of the smell alone.) The folks were friendly and ready exactly when they said it would be.We definitely will return to China Rice!
1	Normally an incredible place to eat, however I have seen a decline in the past few months. Today was the second time in 2 weeks I tried to order an item on the menu that was not available, but then my order was incorrect when it arrived. Very disappointed, will not order again, I'd rather drive further and my order be correct. Lastly called the restaurant and the owner answered the phone and told me I was wrong As he was reading the ticket. I am disappointed that my first review is a negative one.
2	Date of incident was in January.  Food was OK.  Took 55 min. for fried rice and sweet and sour pork. Didn't bother to put any sort of utensils in the bag either so had it not been for a Good Samaritan, we would have been eating with our fingers. This is clearly unacceptable. I will go elsewhere in the future
1	Food was fairly flavorless, but my main complaint was seeing the giant roach crawl up the wall and into the kitchen. Grossssss.
5	This place is awesome. Super cheap and solid food. You get much more than you pay for. The highlights for me are the sesame chicken which is always perfectly cooked crispy sweet. The pot stickers are other worldly. I have a dumpling addiction and this place fillls the need. They have a great texture and the meat is perfectly seasoned. The pot sticker sauce is right on and makes everything better. If you want cheap delicious Chinese American  food this is the place in mesa. Be warned that the restaurant is a whole in the wall but they deliver in a pretty wide radius.
4	Really awesome portions and delivery service and for what it's worth the food is pretty scrumdiddly.
5	I googled good chinese restaurants in mesa looking for one that had combo plates and came across the reviews on this one so I thought what the heck....Place was a little hole in the wall..but the service was great.....food was delicious and cooked fresh right in front of you....my mom loved the egg rolls and my dad was pleased with the mongolian beef....we have enough food left for the next 3 days!!!...So worth it
2	I don't know about the food yet, but it is really ghetto as far as interior and exterior go. Definitely in a questionable part of town. Hope the food's good. All I want to do is leave! It's that bad in here. Ok, the food, "sigh", not so good, edible, but is that all I want from my food? The answer is no, I'm afraid. When I got it home, the sauce had leaked all over the bag, so much so that I didn't see the egg roll I had ordered and by the time I realized it was missing it had been soaking at the bottom of my "pool" of sauce that I just decided to forget about eating that egg roll. I ordered Kung pow chicken. It was mostly bell pepper and onion, some chicken and maybe two peanuts? Very disappointing. For now, Grace Garden is still my go too place for good Chinese food, go there!
4	We tried China Rice for the first time tonight and really liked it. For two people we ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, Schezuan Pork, 2 egg rolls and the 10 free crab puffs and have plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day. All of the food was great with a lot of fresh vegetables and good meat. We are located just north of the delivery area which is a bummer so we went and picked ours up. It seems to be a family owned restaurant and they were very nice. Great to support such a small place and we will definitely order from here again!
