5	Running out of ice at a big event is a may-jah no-no. Especially when it's hot. And your serving mixed drinks. Since I actually like my back in the state it's in, I wasn't in the mood to break it hauling bags of ice up to a 5th floor terrace. Here's where Zippy Ice comes in. One brief phone call and Howard and his staff have my event all iced up.A few weeks later, 600 lbs of ice is delivered to my venue with service and a smile. Oh, and it's super, super affordable. They'll also help you determine how much ice you'll actually need for your event and buy back whatever's remaining in the ice trailer (for a very reasonable "restocking" fee). If you need amount of ice for a special event, party etc. definitely give Zippy Ice a ring. They sport great service, on-time delivery, affordable prices and special ice. Yes, ask Howard about his special ice - no dimples in those cubes! Thanks for saving my back, Zippy Ice!
5	Was in a bind 4th of July weekend.  Called Zippy Ice on short notice and they delivered. My restaurant is up a flight of stairs and the guys from Zippy not only trekked up the stairs, but delivered the ice directly into the cooler. They bailed me out on the busy holiday weekend. thanks Zippy
5	I have been working with Zippy Ice for about a year now. They are always on time and provide great customer service. Also there prices can't be beat in with any other ice provider in town.Elevate Lifestyle
5	Have been using for the past few months instead of a company I had been using for 20 years because the old supplier just sells ice and did not return phone calls.  Great customer service.  You need ice right away, they try to handle right away.  Have storage box issues, they have immediate response, and usually an immediate solution.  Nice owners and accomodating pleasant delivery staff.  The ice is good too!
5	Zippy Ice was such a fantastic addition to our family here. They are exactly the reason I search for local vendors. Prompt, easy, courteous, and didn't gouge us on pricing. In fact, the prices were the most affordable I have ever paid and I do special events all over North America.Kudos to you and your staff. You made us feel very welcome in Charlotte.- Randy Foster, Site Manager - Stadium, DNC 2012 Charlotte
