4	I've been to many a Wal-Mart in my day.I own an atlas telling me of every location in the US and MexicoI've worked at a bunch of locations.I've slept in Wal-Mart parking lots across the country.I've vaguely showered in a Wal-Mart sink in Illinois and vomited in a Wal-Mart bathroom in East Greenbush, NY.My groceries have come from her, as have many a Christmas present.And throughout my ongoing relationship with Wal-Mart, I have never come across a store like this. Hands down the cleanest, most well organized, aesthetically pleasing Wal-Mart I have ever been to. The store looks brand new, so that might change in a few years...but DAAMN. Buuut just four stars because, well, it's Wal Mart and really doesn't make me go "WOOHOO! AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!!"
4	Never thought I would write something praising a Wal-Mart but this location defies expectations.  There aren't the typical Wal-Mart customers here (think about it) and the location is spacious and amazingly clean.  During the day it's never busy and checkout is always fast.  Parking is abundant, and I'll continue going here until it is discovered by everyone else and it goes downhill.
5	At first I thought I couldn't give a Wal-Mart 5 starts, but as far as Wal-Mart stores, or one-stop shopping stores go, this one is as good as it gets.I've been to around 50 different Wal-Marts.  This one is by far the best.  The worst I've been to has to be any Wal-Mart in the Los Angeles area. I refer you to Mike W.'s review, I agree and it's a great one.  Clean, friendly, well managed.
5	The best Walmart I've been too. Very clean & well stocked. The same employees have been working there since it opened and they are very welcoming to shoppers.
4	Four stars for a Walmart.  Like all the reviews said - clean, stocked, great stuff and you don't feel like you just entered the bar scene in Star Wars!  Normal people actually shop at this one.
4	Here for a friend's wedding and had to stop by here to buy some last minute items.  Wow, very impressed with the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff. Unlike those that work at the local Walmart back in California. Busy on a Saturday, but customers are pretty orderly!
5	Perry and Dr. Marmo went above and beyond when I lost a contact. Their customer service skills were outstanding. I would certainly recommend Walmart Optometry at this location. You are sure to get quality care.
3	Love this Walmart but they put the worst person in customer service. Worst personality and has no sense of urgency. She's super slow and gives everyone attitude. I wasn't even making a return but was in line to get a money order and I wanted to loose my mind. I don't user stand why manager see 8 people in line and don't jump back to help. Blows my mind their standing there doing nothing and can see us all in line.
