4	Courtesy of Larry G., I was introduced to the newly opened King Putt in southern Las Vegas.  I had the opportunity to check out this indoor black light miniature golf course last Friday night.Located in a busy strip mall with In-N-Out right next door, lots of families were in mid-play when we walked in at 6:30 pm.  By the time we reached our 18th hole, there were more golfers on the course.Wearing light-colored clothing, you'll be sure to get your glow on along with everything else in there.  It's a small course and with a family in front and a family trailing right behind, there's no diddle dawdling around here.  You definitely have to be careful with your golf balls with the holes lined up close to each other and the many children running around.  All holes are considered a par 3, but there are a couple of tricky shots.  Most are repeats though.They charge $8.58 for adults and $7.65 for youths (4-12 years old).  Children 3 and under play free with a paid adult.  You can play another round for $4 and walk-throughs are $4 too.They offer private parties and birthday packages should you be so inclined.  After a round, grab a bag of dippin' dots for $3 at the front.  I would suggest going when it's least busy, so you're not in such a rush.  They're open until 2 am on Fridays and Saturdays!
1	Just got back from King Putt.  $10 for about 20 minutes of the lamest mini golf i've ever played.  Go to the pinball museum on E. Tropicana and skip King Putt.
5	I love this place, not only is it a great date place on a freezing cold night in vegas when you dont want to gamble, you DONT want to go to the movies, but you want somewhere dark, funky and somewhere a single mom can get her game on and have a little fun with the kids as well! :)It needs a little cheering up in the front lobby area, maybe a little coffee bar or upgraded games, couches or something to make it more lounge-like for a come-and-stay-while-the-kids-play kinda thing but all in all, You have Chuck E Cheese 2 doors down, a 99 cent store next door and a nail spa.  This indeed is a family place where everyone is happy and youre not running all over town!I mean you gotta love the crazy campy flouresent egyptian decor...* Tip: The Blue balls glow in the dark best!Don't expect much ....just have fun!
4	This place isn't too bad.  I guess it is fun to take a date.  It's pretty small inside, but there's still decent sized courses.  The difficulty level here isn't hard.  I wish it was though.  Other than the glowing balls and decor, there isn't much that's special about this place.  The course goes by fast.  Tuesday nights, there's 50% off for couples.  Just don't expect it to be a time killer here.
3	The lady working there was nice and the actual play and courses were fun for kids.The only neg is as everyone else says, we finished in less than 20 minutes and is probably not worth the cost except for a one time visit.
4	Great little place for my kids.  Pricey unfortunately but definitely fun time for kids (for going through once).  Not difficult course at all which was good for my crowd...  Guess there is always both side of coin.
2	uh. no.maybe if i were 5 y/o - i would dig this place...you get an extra star rather than a 1 hit wonder - only because youre air conditioned... the black lights had me trippin, yo... and my flourescent balls kept me laughing for at least 10 minutes...
2	King Putt is fun for about 20-30 minutes and your done.  Other than that the concept and black-lighting  are pretty cool.  Cheap with plenty of price discounts but for how fast you can run through the course you may want to save this for a slow night when you can't find something to do.
2	It was a night where the BF and I talked of Scandia and wanted to mini golf and decided to give this a shot. I like that everything is glow in the dark, but it was kinda meh. Small and it was crowded with kids and we had a big group in front of us and impatient jackasses behind us who don't play right- we actually take our proper turns and keep score so we jumped ahead and came back to holes when they were empty. Kinda think that will be a one time visit. Instead of building a second location (on Lake Mead Blvd by Whole Foods), they would've done good with an expansion. The small course made it not worth the price and definitely not worth coming back.We can't wait to go to Scandia in Cali again. WHY THE HELL did they ever close the one here in the first place??!!!! REBUILD REBUILD!!!!
3	My date and I agreed to meet at King Putt's, their easy-access location just off the 215 & Eastern lay in between her home in Henderson and mine in the Southwest.  The price was right, as couples get in 2-for-1 on Thursdays, one of several deals I found on their website. I grabbed the clubs, she grabbed the balls, and it was through the doors to the course.  Vegas does not have nearly enough mini golf options - especially considering the wealth of local adult courses - and while it would've been more fun to play outside the ancient Egypt theme and black-light features still make this a unique experience for players of any age.To keep it interesting she suggests a friendly wager.  "If you win, you're buying In N Out Burger next," referring to the location sharing King Putt's parking lot.  "I was buying anyway," I said, "and I know what I want if I win." I laugh as I shoot over a coy but obvious wink, taking the moment to enjoy the revealing nature of my date's golf attire.  Course playing time is about 30 minutes, not long enough for a full date, but the Eastern Avenue area has plenty of restaurants and bars to fill the rest of the night.  Depending on how fast the family moves in front of you (or how cooperative their kids are being,) you can usually play through if you ask nicely.  While I kept it close to josh her about the bet, there was no way I was losing with the rest of the evening at stake.  Maybe I'll throw the match next time at the jungle-themed Northwest location.
3	This is one of those "got to go once" places, but I can't honestly imagine making repeat visits to this place.For the unfamiliar, King Putt is an indoor, blacklit miniature golf facility. With family fun centers a dying breed (I sorely miss Mountasia, Funtazmic and Scandia!), this is one of your few options in the Vegas Valley to play the game. The prices here aren't too bad, and they have a ton of discounts available. I went with my girlfriend on "date night", so they gave us 2 games for the price of 1. Not a bad deal at all.Sadly, the "arcade" area outside of the course itself is small, cramped, and hardly has any games at all. However, given the size of the suite the facility occupies, I don't think there is a whole lot else they could have done with it.The actual golf course is fun, but apart from the black lighted scheme, there's nothing here that tops any of the old courses. It's a pretty generic course apart from all the bells and whistles they try to use to make the course stand out. There are only your standard 18 holes here - and only a single course. One major design flaw of the facility is that the bathroom is behind a wall on the side of the course, so even though I was right next to it, I had to walk ALL THE WAY TO THE LOBBY and back down the hall behind said wall just to get to it. Unfortunately, the place tends to attract a lot of less-than-favorable customers, including impatient teenagers who just jump from hole-to-hole. This is annoying to any customers (like myself) who actually take their time on the holes and keep score.King Putt is worth visiting at least once, but I can't really imagine going back, at least not often. Give it a shot, but one visit is enough.
3	A friend had called yesterday to see if my son and I wanted to meet at his place and go and do some putt putt. We had nothing else to do, so we met up with my friend, his girl, and her son at their place first. Then we were off to King Putt. For those who do not know where it is, it  located on Eastern Ave at the corner of Eastern and Serene in the plaza that has Chuck-E-Cheese, 99 Cent Store, Cricket Wireless and much more. Across the street is another plaza that has WalMart, Ross, Hallmark, Rubios, Burger King, and much much more. As we walked in, it seemed kinda small, but we didn't mind. After paying for 18 holes (which came out to be $39.50 for 3 adults and two kids), we went thru a curtain that took us to another room that was dark. Although it was dark, the lighting was just right because all the paintings and lighting they had was neon colored that definitely gave lighting to the room. The kids were kinda nervous at first, but by the 5th hole, both of them finally opened up and were very competitive. Once we were done with our putt putt, we went to Raisin Cane's for dinner.
2	This place is run-down and sometimes the equipment (golf-hole displays) freezes. But they honor a student discount, so I like to come here for cheap, lame fun lol. Therefore, I can't complain too much about a 18-hole round of golf for $7.
2	It's suited for the 8 & under crowd. Small and cramped space but since it is indoor and keeps us out of the hot sun, it's okay. Since the holes are short, won't take you that long to through everything. Wish they also had more space for arcade games.
2	Spoiled by Scandia.What can I say? There just aren't any great mini-golf places anymore in Las Vegas. Scandia was so awesome, and now we have King Putt. My boyfriend and I made this a late date night as they are open till 1 AM on Fridays and Saturdays. We arrived and did not have to wait to start our journey through the neon blackness.Some of the holes were fun, but others were kinda boring. All in all it seriously just fell flat as a "fun" date experience. I suppose this would be a great place to take those really little kids who have absolutely no idea what they're doing. Then the pleasure would be watching THEM have fun.I did happen to get the "hole in one" on the last hole, so I got a card and some stamps that will lead up to a free game. Buuutttt honestly I doubt I'll ever be back to use it! Oh by the way, they offer a military discount, but UM... only for the person with the military ID! My boyfriend's price was discounted, but not mine. Errr, okay.. don't know why it was not totally comped since he paid for both of our rounds. *shrug* Just one of those weird things I guess.
3	This is not your Scandia of old.  It's a strip mall store with 9 holes going one way and 9 coming back.  Now, the 8 year old boys had a good time and I had bought them glow in the dark necklaces for an extra buck.  But seriously, $7 per game for each kid is kinda pricey for a half an hour of fun.  We went to CEC down the way and spent a little more, got pizza, and hung out a lot longer.
