5	LVMPD fingerprint bureau was a great experience! The staff is very kind and on top of their game! I was lucky enough to get Amelia who is very professional and helpful! I was most pleased with her service and she made my experience a lot easier than I thought it would be. I recommend anyone to this location. Not to mention it is never too crowded and you will be in and out in no time :) .
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 26/100Working within the gaming industry calls for certain licensing requirements, fingerprints and background checks included. My office referred me to this place and off I went.The fingerprinting itself was a painless and effortless process. I was done in a jiffy-- in and out in 30 minutes tops-Not too bad for any government office. I didn't have to deal with ink stained hands, it's all digital!  The staff was friendly and seemed like they knew what they were doing. I did (8)sets of prints for 28 bucks. They only accepted cash so I had to hit up the ATM.
4	Need to renew the old sheriff's card.
3	Place takes over one hour to be called to the first window. After that it takes less than 2 minutes to get fingerprinted and get your cards and be out.  Kind of ridiculous.
4	I didnt want to come here. I doubt anyone is excited to spend an afternoon here. I needed to come to get a gaming card. I found the process very organized and simple. I wasn't thrilled to part with the money simply for a piece of plastic with my photo on it... But I did need it in order to get a job.I waited about an hour or so for my number. Once my number was called, I was quickly moved from station to station. The staff was really easy going and the lady who was helping me even joked a little bit. I found the process painless. Be prepared to wait a bit because it probably wont be an in-out kind of thing. PS. THEY ONLY TAKE CASH. So hit the ATM up before you come.
4	Quick and easy check in, get a number and wait. Today was Thursday about 8am and there were five ahead of me with three windows working. My number was up, got everything paid and again, I had to sit and wait, but this time about five minutes and I was done. Just one more thing, wait for them to print them, again just about 2-5 minutes. Staff friendly, helpful and quick.Now, I just got to mail it in. A lot of work to renew a license, thank goodness it's only every six years!
4	Quick, easy and fast process to get in and out for a sheriffs card.  Although my picture on the card legit looks like a mug shot! Lawddddy, but hey, I was at the police station what did I expect? lol....Glad I only have to vist there once every 5 years lol
4	They now take credit/debit cards. This makes it easy and convenient. My morning dash to the ATM was unnecessary. Cash in pocket - swipe of the card- fingerprints completed in under 20 mins... I'm a happy camper!
4	This location seems like the best to come to when it comes to getting things done fast and efficiently! Today was my second time having to get finger printed! Once for my concealed weapons permit and now the other for my gaming card! Each time I have spent less than 30 mins from the time I am issued my ticket number until the time I leave out the door! I think it's so much better that they accepted Debit/Credit cards (No AMEX) now because I literally went and pulled out cash prior to arriving thinking they still were CASH ONLY! Looks like the next time I need to be finger printed this will be my Go-To location!!
