4	This is definitely a place for a business traveler. The rooms at the back of the property are very quiet. The best part of the hotel room is the comfortable bed. It's topped with a down comforter and triple sheeting...it's so high off the ground that I had to jump into bed every night. The room is spacious and warm. I'll definitely stay here again when I am in the Phoenix area!
4	This is probably the hotel i stay at most when going to Tempe for work-  Rooms are nice and comfortable with a bed that is almost as high as my chest-  that part seems a little strange but at least it is comfortable-its a business hotel, always gonna find the traveling sales men and the like here.  the food in the restaurant and bar is decent, nothing overly outstanding, but again, its a business traveler hotel so wouldn't really expect more than that-The hotel itself could certainly use some updating, again the rooms are nice, but the rest of the place has a late 70's early 80's feel to it- but who knows, that might just be modern Tempe-Normally i would give this type of place 3 stars, but there are 3 reasons that give this place it 's boost in my eyes1. Free Wireless- amazing how many business hotels still dont do this2. Hard Pillow-  I hate, hate, hate, big fluffy pillows.  If i get to a room in a hotel and see those I know i am screwed.  Give me a thin hard pillow that a can mold and tuck and I'll sleep like a baby.3.  This is probably the most important part of the 4th star, (and quite possibly the real reason I stay here)  It is walking distance to the Palo Verde-    http://www.yelp.com/biz/palo-verde-lounge-tempe#hrid:7_NSRAg0fCifATA4ksqRHQ
4	I came across the Fiesta Inn Resort while searching for a place to stay while attending a Pilates educational conference.Although the hotel needs some updating, the rooms are clean and comfortable. For those of us that are schlep our laptops around while traveling, there's free wi-fi. I don't know why, but the beds are really set up high. I consider myself of average height, but I have to hop up into the bed - but I agree with Marco that the bed is very comfortable with a big, fluffy down comforter. There's a notice in the room saying that if you don't mind, the maids will change your bed sheets every other day in an effort to conserve water and electricity. I'll have to deduct a star for having only one accessible electrical outlet that worked (and it wasn't next to the desk) and the loud air conditioning unit that kept me awake at night, that I needed to keep running so that the  the room wouldn't get too stuffy or hot.What I think is really great about this place is the hotel shuttle. The shuttle to and from the airport (which is only 10 minutes away) is free. They also provide free shuttle service to any location within a five mile radius - OH YEAH! SCORE! Saved me a bunch of money since I didn't need to rent a car. The drivers were really nice along with being helpful in giving me tips about good places to eat.My kitty cats are really gonna be happy when I return home...
4	Very impressed.  I was put here by US Airways because of a flight cancellation, I thought it was going to be a low budget stay, but was pleasantly surprised.  Rooms are clean, but one of the outlets next to the desk do not work.  I wonder if I stayed in the same room as Mercy.Front desk attendants were really nice, and the hotel is close enough that they shuttle you to the airport very early in the mornings.
3	It's like a 50 inch LCD TV mounted in a crack den.Something nice located somewhere shady.I ran to Circle K across the street for a late night Diet Pepsi (yeah, I know how to party) and I felt like I was on an episode of "The Wire" about to do a hand to hand drug buy.Hotel is decent.  Nothing special on the outside.  Bed was damn comfortable so I guess that's all that matters.Free wifi throughout but good luck getting anything over 1200 baud modem speed.  (my inner nerd coming out)Make sure you stay on a Wednesday, there are free drinks and appetizers in the courtyard.Bust out your flack jacket and sprint to the lobby and you'll be all good.Free shuttle to and from the airport.Hood.
3	I wish there was a 3.5 star option.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the overall experience here.  It is an older, semi-historic hotel; with that comes a slightly worn building compared to newer or "chain" hotels.  Beyond that, though, this place is super clean, unique in some of the design attributes and the food and service are quite good.  All in all, a great value and very conveniently located to the airport and the ASU campus.  Oh, there is a shuttle bus to and from the airport and the main eating/shopping areas in close proximity adding to the value factor.
3	I've stayed here twice in the last four months and it is "A-Ok". Especially since I use Priceline and got a steal of a deal.  There is free Internet, comfy bed, nice clean rooms and bathrooms.  Just one small problem.  It is INCREDIBLY kid friendly and those kids are either yelling outside your door at 11P or in the pool out side all of the rooms by 7AM.  Unless this is the schedule your keeping, please be advised. The location is close to (couple miles) from ASU however not near anything else so if you opt for the free shuttle to/from the airport you won't be able to really get anywhere else.
3	I really don't know 'bout this place. If someone were to ask me if they should stay here though, I'd probably say NO!Location-location-location! ...not the greatest unless you're traveling for business and intend to hole yourself up in your room the entire time to watch TV, or go swimming, even. You're in the middle of suburban homes and office buildings and have to drive everywhere if you want to do anything - even if it's going to the local Safeway, or the bank! ...it kind of seemed like a drag to have to drive a fair distance anywhere. There seemed to be plenty of hole-in-the wall places to eat nearby and located in strip malls - not the big-box strip malls, mind you. I mean the little teeny strip malls that have the requisite laundromat, mini-mart, liquor store, or off-brand gas station alongside.Since I find architecture and design interesting, I *did* find it intriguing here. Vintage-70s Arizonian permeates this place, mixed in with nice up-to-date interior design remodels that don't look like they've taken hold yet in every single space - almost like they ran out of money.It's also a good size property, and because of it's size and location, seems to have been caught in limbo between catering to families vs. the business traveler. Also because of it's size, location, and target demograpic, can seem creepy and deserted.While I was there, they were setting up for a wedding in the courtyard -  squeezed in really tight next to the fenced-in pool.  To be honest, it kind of seemed rinky-dink. The trellis (serving as the alter) was small and hokey, and looked like it was gonna blow over. They had set out a bunch of folding chairs on the aggregate concrete (the kind with a myriad of pebbles stuck to the surface) .  It was 100 -degree weather out, and hot! I was surprised at the lack of canopy for shade.With all due respect, I'm not capping on the people getting married or anything, but I just thought that I'd provide the information just in case you were considering this place for a wedding, and needed to know what it looked like they were providing (from a third-party perspective).Bottom line - it looks like this place went through an interior-design mixup; What can I say? "UUUUM - they're clean. Get the suite.' The suites seem to have gotten the latest/greatest TV and accoutrements!
3	We stayed at the Fiesta Inn because US Airways delayed our plane flight and comp'd us a nights stay (so they could put us on the following days flight).The people working the front desk were very nice, speedy and helpful. We got into the hotel around 11:30pm so it was late night and after being on the same plane for 7 hours, we were tired and wanted to crash.However, the room was 2 stars at best. The carpet had permanent wear marks and stains. The room smelled horrible as if it used to be a smokers room. Also the A/C unit had brown wear marks all over it, and would die after an hours use. It was 95 degrees at 11pm and so yes outdoors warm air would come in through this A/C unit into our room. One plus star for beds that were comfortable and had a matress like 3.5 feet high.
1	I wish there was an option for zero stars. This place was so disgusting that we packed up and left. First off, this place is old - like the 70's threw up all over this place. We were sitting on the loveseat trying to acclimate to the room and glanced over at the bed only to see the mattress was stained - visibly stained. The crib they provided was absolutely filthy (think pack and play). The pad had so many stains and the perimeter (right where your little one would place their mouth because kids put everything in their mouth) was crusted with white and black gunk. We also couldn't get the crib to correctly lock In place. We called the front desk and were told this was the last crib and the clerk rudely added, "SO what do you want me to do about it." They sent housekeeping to clean it and set it up. After getting it to lock in place (through much force) she proceeded to spray cleaning stuff all over it and angrily wiping. She then sat her dirty rag on the sheets meant for the crib and dropped the pad inside and said, "is that good enough?" We told her sure....because this clearly wasn't going anywhere....and called the manager. He finally agreed to give us a refund and we left (after he offered us another crib, but if you will recall we had the last crib, right?!). This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had, and we travel a lot. This place was simply a dive.
4	My family of four stayed here on a family vacation for a few days because we were planning on staying up north in Sedona but the weather was reporting snow and since we are from the Chicago area.. well, there is no way in HELL we were sticking around for that. So in the middle of the night there I sit on my laptop trying to match the great deal I had already gotten on the hotel we were staying at in Sedona. I ended up on Hotwire so not knowing what hotel I would get I crossed my fingers and picked a $70 room in Tempe, close enough to everything but not too close to be expensive. I ended up getting the Fiesta Resort at a huge savings. We loved it for the price!I see some complaints about cleanliness and trust me I am not all that easily pleased but my husband and I searched this room high and low and could not find a spec of dirt or grime! VERY clean! No bad/smoke smells in our room at all. Front desk was very helpful and speedy. Beds were among the most comfy of any hotel bed I have ever slept in. Pillow tops! Great quality bedding!Flat screen TV'sWE LOVED the Oxygenic shower heads! A hotel shower with pressure so you can actually rinse your hair!! It's unheard of! YAY!Large bathrooms with granite counters, nice tile, pretty hard wood entry way. Lots of seating areas outside with chimineas and plenty of wood to burn. Free wifi worked properlyI thought the prices for dinner were a little high in the restaurant but surprisingly the room service prices were very reasonable.We had the breakfast buffet on our last day. Not too bad, a resort usually does not serve a free brekkie like an economy hotel would so I expected it. Close to I 10... we were only 15 min from Scottsdale and 30 minutes from most other area attractions!
2	1) check in ok, love the layout of hotel   price was high for what you get    what's a "bed tax"?  now we have to pay to sleep?   nice lobby with sunken 'living room' and fireplace   free coffee in the a.m.   free paper in the a.m. 2) Room - dark, old, stuffy     entrance light so dim you can't see in the closet.    closet space is angled, maybe take some bathroom space and make closet bigger?     bathroom big and if you like chips while taking a shower or bath, look up and peel one off the ceiling (I wonder how much lead is in it      room was with a pool view and if you like to sleep with the window cracked open a bit at night - ask before going if there are many families booked, the kids will be at the pool until midnight and up at 7am, or running down the halls yelling or throwing rocks at each other!    3) Housekeeping staff were pleasant and working hard.     4) restaurant staff- 1/2 were oblivious, 1/2 was excellent!    expensive for dinner; wine list extensive but not in stock except the house wine   breakfast buffet- dirty counters and plates, over crisp bacon that turned into bits, waffle station disasterous and messy (no one came by to clean up the mess), bring a sweatshirt or sweater, they have the a/c turned up, eggs are the powdered kindCooks and some of the staff looked burnt out like the bacon bits!There's definitely a 'fiesta inn' your belly after eating breakfast!
3	I was recently in Tempe for a business conference being held at this hotel, so of course to save myself a rental and whatnot, I stayed here at the FRCC.  First, like the other reviewers mention, this is a 70's - 80's design, and while my room was somewhat updated, I can see where others have not been.While spacious for one person, the room felt a little too open with the mirrored closet at the entrance and tile floors reflecting the light around.  Not a bad thing mind you, but somewhat odd.The carpet was not comfortable to bare feet and was a brownish color.  The mini fridge was spotty at best, and the AC was a tad noisy at times, but I slept through it ok.  Perhaps my biggest complaint was the shower.  It took more than 5 minutes for hot water to come out of the shower (the tub heated nicely however).  Also, the shower head shot the water in a concentrated stream with a lot of pressure, similar to a pressure washer.  Personally, I like my water spread out :)  The wifi was also pretty spotty in my room, often times dropping for no apparent reason.I would probably stay here again if I was in the area for a conference at the center, but if I had a choice to stay elsewhere, I probably would.Edit:  I forgot to mention the service....A+ in that department.  Everyone was friendly, helpful, and went out of their way on several occasions to make sure everything was to my liking.  So while the facilities need updating, the staff is perfect as is.
3	If I could go with 3.5 stars I would....We ended up here courtesy of US Airways when we gave up our seats and needed to spend the night.  I was terrified they'd ship us to some Motel 6 in the middle of the dessert, but actually the room was very clean.  They also have deodorant in the vending machine, a major bonus if you need to stay there without your luggage.  We had been told by the airline they had free breakfast, which was not the case though.  They do have a free shuttle to and from the airport, and a nice pool.  Again, not a bad hotel.  But after staying the nights before at a luxury suite in Sonoma County on my honeymoon, it just clouded my opinion a bit.....
4	I am a part of a professional organization that meets twice monthly at the Fiesta Resort Conference Center.Our pre-meeting ritual includes partaking in their happy hour specials in the restaurant bar (M - F; 4p - 7p):$3 Well House Drinks$3 Bud Light Drafts$4 House Wine Stems$4 Craft DraftsComplimentary bites (which are yummy!)I cannot express how much I enjoy spending time with my friend and our $3 screwdrivers and complimentary cheese!  To quote my sister, "I eat cheese like it's my job".  They have a good spread and also offer a pasta salad as well as a hot item (which varies).We love working with the staff to set up our monthly meetings (which include dinner).  The staff here is very accomodating.  In addition to their larger conference rooms, they also have a smaller board room that they allow us to hold our monthly board meetings in.All in all great place to attend or host an event.  Or just stop by for the happy hour. ;)
3	I'm finally getting around to writing this. We too were sent here by US Airways due to mechanical problems causing us to miss our connecting flight home. We were tired and the thought of staying at a hotel that an airline set up for us gave us a bit of worry. In the midst of the disappointment for yet another flight delay by US Airways, we were not completely disappointed in our very short stay here. The room was clean, bed comfortable, and I really enjoyed the Bath & Body shampoo and soap which smelled wonderful. We were provided plenty of nice clean towels. Yes...the air conditioner which was a must in 103 degree evening weather was not modern, and was a bit noisy. With exhaustion came sleep in the midst of the humming. I didn't pay much attention to the carpet in this room, but then again...I never put my bare feet on hotel room carpet. Have handy dandy flip flops for all that.I would stay here again even if it isn't by choice. HA!
4	I got married here over the weekend (see other review), but stayed here on Fri w/ my bridesmaids. I got one of the executive suites, and it was pretty sweet. (Get it?)Clean, comfortable, 2 bathrooms, 2 flat screens. The only things that we could see that needed improving were:One bathroom door wouldnt shut all the wayThe carpets were stainedOther than that, we quite enjoyed our stay. The staff was nice, andthe grounds were well kept.An extra kudos for the shuttle driver who drove us, rowdy and ready to party, to Casey Moores on Fri night.
5	My husband and I were married here over the weekend, and it was fabulous.Vanessa was *very* good at keeping in contact w/ us either by email or by phone. She was amazing, absolutely amazing.The reception was beautiful, as was the ceremony (we had it on the patio of the restaurant). The food was great, our guests were able to go to the regular hotel bar in stead of our cash bar for drinks (credit card users), and we received a free suite for our wedding night.All in all, money very well spent.
3	Was the Fiesta Inn for a company party, some coworkers stayed , so I got to check out a few rooms, the rooms them self are nice, the 3 that I did see were all styled a little differently, one of the bathrooms you can tell there was water damage in the shower area, but that was about it. I don't think I would personally stay at the fiesta, but the company party was great! The event was catered by the Fiesta Inn and the food was delish!! Had a great time!
1	My flight was cancelled and I was given a room here for free.  The staff was busy and trying to be efficient and we were tired.  We were given a room as far from the front desk as you can get and after having walked there, the room had not been cleaned, unmade beds and such.  We went back to the office and I asked for a complaint form, they didn't have any and they didn't know how to record a complaint.  They gave us a room closer and it only smelled dirty and there was only a small wad of hair in the shower.Yuck!!@!!
3	well you get what you pay for. and at $89 a night, I expected the basics and the basics were delivered. I'd say it's about on par with a holiday inn. what I think is a little misleading is the name, as I'm not quite sure what's exactly resorty about the fiesta resort. it should be called the fiesta motel with its' outdoor room entry, etc. no thanks:- both the walls and the towels were quite thin. - the buildings and room decor are dated in an early 80's/cheap materials way, not a fun 60's kitsch factor. - the almost empty mini fridge in my room had remnants of someones leftover mexican takeout?- not really walkable to anything. except for the hotel restaurant.would I recommend the fiesta resort? no. my work continually chooses to hold conferences here (I'm assuming for the great rates) so I don't have much say in the matter but I will say that the conference rooms were clean and comfortable and the catering staff were extremely pleasant and accommodating.
1	The best thing about this place is free parking and a cup of coffee in the morning.  The place is old.  The design has little to be desired.  It's a bunch of concrete buildings with a tiny window and no patio.  Whenever someone closes their door it echos.  Some rooms have no couch or chair just one desk chair to sit at or you can sit on the bed-whopee!  There are no bathtubs or microwaves in the room.  The frig is mini and hums.  The carpet is stained. The concrete walkways need a good power spray.  The grounds around the pool are pleasant but there are a lot of smokers who sit out there.  So if you don't smoke, don't come here.   Kids are allowed to run around the hallways and scream at the pool until 10PM.  There is suppose to be security here to enforce the 10PM curfew but good luck on that one.  If you like quiet and comfort....look elsewhere.  Plus the breakfast buffet costs $14.99!  Too much money for the aggravation.
2	First and foremost, I would like to recognize Larry Love for putting up with us both to and from Tempe Beach Park.  He was such a good sport as I sang "Larry Love, he's a vegetarian" to the tune (well sort of lol) of the Crash Test Dummies song "Mary Moon" at the top of my lungs.... NOT pretty!  The free shuttle service and Larry as our driver are the only positive things I can come up with. We had room 202.  Our room was dark and dingy even with all of the lights on.  The sofa bed was a joke.  Had it not been 2am and had we not already changed into our jammies before we opened it up, we would have gone down to the front desk and asked for another room.  It's obvious the hotel knew there was a problem with it because they had tried to jerry-rig it with tie wraps but it didn't work.  There was no way to comfortably sleep on it.  The mattress fell through the frame.  We told the gal when we checked out but she didn't seem to care.  Didn't make a note of it either so I'm guessing nothing will be done about it.  The part I am MOST upset with is my daughter lost her iPhone and we were 99.9% sure that it was on the shuttle.  We called the moment we realized it was missing....about 10 minutes after we departed the shuttle and they said it wasn't there.  Then I checked again when we were checking out.  Still nothing.  I gave them my number and said if it turned up to please call me.   She went back over there and asked if SHE could search the shuttle.  They said "well as a matter of fact we did find it about 20 minutes ago but we didn't have a phone number to call anyone."  This was just 2 hours after I had checked out AND left my phone number with them.  Even with insurance on the phone, it's like $150 to replace it.  Would have been beyond angry had we paid that only to find that the phone was on the shuttle as we'd insisted.The whole experience really made me feel like the hotel didn't give a damn about their customers.
1	Multiple issues from time of check in until check out. I called to make the reservation, I was considering a different hotel but chose the Fiesta specifically because I was told breakfast was included with the room rate. Upon check in, I was told breakfast was not included. The front desk receptionist was rude and off-putting. I asked to speak to the manager. She went behind a partition and came back out and told me that the manager said breakfast wasn't included. The manager wouldn't even come out to talk to me. I got my key and went to my room. I headed out about 5 minutes later and had the shuttle driver drop me at my destination. When my husband and I were ready to go back to the hotel, we called for the van. I got into the van, but he wanted to stay a little bit longer at the bar. So I asked the shuttle driver to drop me at the hotel, then go back to the same corner to pick up my husband. He said he would. I texted this information to my husband assuming he would be back at the hotel within about an hour. I was sitting in the lobby texting him and a large woman that I assume worked for the hotel came up to me aggressively and asked "are we expecting any problems tonight??!" I was taken aback by her aggressive tone and stance. I just said "uh... no..." and this scared me enough to head to my room and wait for my husband to get there. I fell asleep within about 5 minutes and woke in the morning to find that he was still not in the room. I checked my phone and had missed calls and voicemails from him, but my phone was on vibrate so I didn't hear it ring and it didn't wake me up. Apparently the driver never went back to get him. So, my husband ended up taking a cab to the hotel. When he got to the hotel, he asked for the room number and was told that it wouldn't be given to him. The room was in my name and I was the one who  checked in and had the room key. My husband explained the situation and was still told that he could not have the room number. I do understand the security reasons behind this and I respect that protocol. HOWEVER, why wouldn't the hotel staff simply call my room to verify that my husband was allow to have access??? Or have the security person come to my room and knock on the door to ask me? I do not understand why they wouldn't do this. Especially given that the drive KNEW I was waiting for my husband and I gave NO INDICATION to the security guard that there was a safety or security issue. End result is that they literally KICKED HIM out of the hotel. They would not give him my room number nor would they try to accommodate him, other than calling him a cab. The cab ride home cost us over $100. Simply infuriating. I plan to post this review on many review sites and I will make sure word of mouth gets out as well about the unprofessional and aggressive attitude of the staff. I'm outraged. We were treated like second class citizens. Something needs to change or I expect your "resort" will likely be closing soon.
4	We were recently in Tempe for my neices wedding there were 6 of us staying here, Everyone was bery helpful and friendly, The rooms were spacious and the free shuttle was the best.  The manager even came in to drive us all to the wedding.We really enjoyed the pool with lunch and drink service. The food was very good and very reasonably pricedIt is an outdoor hotel ie rooms are along outdoor corridor and the "garden" view was a little misleading. But overall it was great and the staff was exceptional!
3	Spacious rooms and bathrooms with very strange shower heads and faucet but not a big deal.  Buffet breakfast was nice, room service speedy, nice towels, bedding seemed really clean  and front desk was very efficient. We stayed 1 night after missing our connecting flight out of PHX. If I was staying more than one night, I might choose another hotel.
4	I'm staying here for about a week.24 hours of free shuttle service that takes you anywhere, within a 5 miles radius. All of the staffs are very friendly and helpful. They have a heated pool, that's open until midnight. So go out for a little swim and get a tan while you're at it. There's also a hidden jacuzzi by the pool. :)The beds are really high. I don't understand how kids would climb on the beds, without the help of an adult.. Also one of the shuttle driver (Carlos) was such a creep. After dropping me off he had went out near my room for a smoke. Next thing I get a call in my room. Guess who? Carlos the shuttle driver! What a creep! The next day the staffs apologizes and said it's a normal thing for Carlo. Anyways, I've had that situation dealt with. Overall I wouldn't mind staying in this resort again. It's very close by everything. Everything you need is basically a block away. There's a Denny's and a circle K right across the street, very convenient.
2	We stayed for one night and it was a last minute decision. Quite expensive for a basic hotel. The staff didn't seem to care much which showed in the little details. One key wasn't programmed, couple of bulbs were out in the room and we had to search for the condiments. The beds were clean and comfortable. Don't plan on sleeping in, the way the hotel is build causes all the noise to echo. So you can hear all the people that leave early.We spent about $150 for the night which was way too much, $80 is more in the price range.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here!We used a groupon and I will stay there again when I visit Arizona.  The rooms were very tidy, bath and body works collection available for shampoo and soap.  I loved how the pool was open all night as well.  The pool and hot tub did need a bit of scooping because there was some debri in there but nothing terrible.  Towels were available as well as water too for the guests.The front desk people were very pleasant and gave us an early check in no problem.  My fiance and I wanted to go down to Mill avenue and were pleasantly surprised when the front desk said there was a 24 hour complimentary shuttle that would take us and pick us up.  The driver was very helpful with advice on places to go and also tips to keep out of trouble. :)We went to Milagros for a margarita too, and the bartender was very pleasant and the drinks were not crazy expensive.The hotel is very close to Arizona Mills mall and other places in Tempe.  It was worth every penny!
1	This place is a dive. Booked through Priceline since it was rated 3.5 stars (should have been 1 or 2).  I would rather stay at a Motel 6. All of the furniture was cheap, second hand, and all dinged up. The bathroom had paint peeling off the ceiling, was apparently painted by some cheap help, and had a plywood board coming loose from the wall that was apparently some handyman's solution for a clean-out cover. Even the outside gave the appearance of a sleazy motel that someone tried to put lipstick on. When I complained, they would not let me out of my 3-night stay since I had prepaid through Priceline. The place is a sham and not even worth half of the 65% discounted rate that I paid. Steer clear!
3	Decent place, clean, nice rooms, great location, quite a few amenities.
3	Friendly shuttle guy. Adequate workout equipment in the fitness center (if you can find it). Strange spaghetti like splashes on all the walls. Unimpressive shower/tub size. Please, whatever you do, do not eat in the hotel restaurant. Just don't.
2	The theme of the hotel is Fiesta, so expect an old school Arizona feel to the hotel.Pros:-Shuttle service to the airport and within 5 miles is quick and efficient. The drivers are all very nice and give you information about the area.-They have a restaurant on site and a separate bar with happy hour.-Breakfast buffet every morning-Clean roomsCons:-Shuttle service will only take you 5 miles...if mapquest says that it is 5.2 miles away, they will say no...as they are standing around the front desk complaining about work.-The food is overpriced and not very good. The room service menu adds about $2 to each item, plus delivery and 20%. My $5 carafe of juice was the exact same size of my $3 diet soda. Happy hour begins at 5pm. The service is VERY slow and once the food is gone they don't restock it.-Breakfast buffet is the exact same everyday.- The night manager is horrible to his employees and doesn't handle situations very professionally.-The air conditioner was dirty and needed a new filter (ALLERGIES)-Called the spa several times and never got an appointment. The machine always picked up.Overall I was glad that I only paid $69 a night. Will only stay here again if in town for my University of Phoenix residency because of the location to the school
2	The positive things about this place would definitely be the beds they were very comfortable. But they put throw pillows on the perfectly clean bed which is really nasty they look like they have never been cleaned and the first thing I do is knock them on the floor like everybody else.The negative would be about everything else; we had a room with two double beds and the room was just to small for two beds, my husband and I kept hitting our shins on the corner of the beds. The bathrooms were in pretty bad shape. I say bathrooms because we had plumbing issues and had to move rooms, so both bathrooms were old and in need of repair.
3	Seriously need a remodel, but totally worth the money due to the free 24hr shuttle in a 5 mile radius!! Nice staff. Clean. Just worn down a bit...
2	Okay place, just okay. Room very small with a closet that was an afterthought during the design. My biggest concern is the unreliability of the wi-if. I hope my connection lasts through this review. One minute connected, the next minute not connected!  Enough to make one find another place to stay the next time I'm in town. Great chicken tortilla soup in the restaurant.
3	The hotel was more of a 2star becos 1 they need renovation. It looks more of motel style housing. The walls were extremely thin . I was packing the morning I had to leave at 1am and I heard a noise I thought wth is THAT?! I listened for a while and found out it was the man next door snoring!!! I'm thinking geezus!!!! Either the walls r extremely thin or a loud snorer! And yes the walls were thin!!! Cos you can hear everything from turning on the shower / flushing of the toilet/ people closing doors , talking , housekeepers pushing carts everything you can hear it!! They provide bottle water in the room but the charge of the water sign was more behind the TV. It said $3 but geez don't hide it!!! Onto the good. Nice people working there they have a 24hr shuttle service to the airport! And they even offered to take me to and pick me up from asu gammage cos I was in town to see Donny and Marie there :-) . Tho I didn't need it! They still offered that's why they got an extra star!! :-) and had a fridge in the room. however hotwire and price line both considered it 3 1/2 star! Hate to say it but hardly :-/
5	I stayed here with husband for a stay cation. I purchased a groupon for a one night stay.Check in was fast friendly and professional. Room was a little dated but  clean quite and bed was very comfortable. Shower had plenty of hot water. We didn't order room service or eat at the restaurant. But all in all we would stay here again or recommend to others
5	Ok so the room itself is not the Bellagio.   Every level of the staff was great    The driver to/from the airport was great.  Once there the staff was friendly and fast to check us in at 1 am from returning from Germany.  Breakfast was great.   The best was That Fabulously Comfy Bed!   Customer service is everything and this place gets that!!!!
3	We had to stay overnight here because the airlines cancelled our flight and stuck in Phoenix.  I would not stay here for a vacation but for the purpose of not sleeping in the airport, the airlines got us a cheap rate ($59 bucks a night) and the room was adequate.  The staff was very nice and accomodating and beds were really comfortable.  The shuttle service was excellent and the place seemed pretty clean.  Since we had no luggage, the front desk staff gave us toothbrushes, toothpaste, razors, etc.  Didn't see much else except a beautiful roaring fire in the fireplace when we checked in on New Years Eve.  I would have rather flown home that night but I felt fairly refreshed in the morning for our early flight out.
3	Service was great and the beds were comfy, but I wish that we had known they would be working on construction during our stay! The shower head was also a bit iffy. Not a bad stay for the deal that we got on Hotwire, but would've been nice to have been warned about the construction.
2	This is a large facility with major conference facilities attached. The rooms are *VERY* dated and in serious need for maintenance work. The beds are OK, but the rest of the room is old, out of style, ... the bathrooms had plumbing issues. The airport shuttle was slow. They have a great location and the potential to be OK, but they do not even seen to be trying.
4	Some friends and I stayed here when we were in town for spring training and we loved it! We especially liked the free shuttle service (we took it to and from Mill Street and Tempe Diablo Stadium).  The staff was friendly, the pool was really nice, buffet was reasonably priced and the food was great. I think the beds were the most amazing thing, tho! I did not want to leave.
3	I had my wedding here and it went pretty well. The ballroom was spacious and gave everyone plenty of room to walk around. All of my guest enjoyed their dinners. Service was mediocre. When I asked for a dirty vodka martini they told me they didn't have olives. What bar doesn't have olives? The ac worked really well considering it was summer. Erin did a decent job. I would recommend this place but beware that the hotel next door gave me and my family bad service. Which was very disappointing because the hotel has such great potential. Over all it was a pretty good experience. But just from the conference center.
