4	The service was great. I had a LOT of stuff coming off the racks and into my client's dressing room but the sales associate didn't get huffy or anything! I kept telling her that I was so sorry and it's ok I know where it goes so I'll put it back but she just took the stuff with a big smile and a, "Don't worry about it! Here, have her try these!"The best part was that there was a lot of stuff on sale so my client ended up walking out of the store with about $3000 worth of stuff that she only paid about $900 for!
5	Love their Free City sweats!!! Really nice customer service, a cute lil gal. They had these SICK New Balances, all grey with an N. Even though it's not as plentiful as Intermix, their selection is really bomb. Like a bohemian billionaire.
5	No idea if it's cause I'm always in Vegas during Magic, but every time I walk in this place there's always  free booze. Love it since by the time I'm done circling all the shows all I want is to shop for myself and have a cocktail.  ^_^
5	I love this Scoop location, although smaller then the one in Soho, the customer service excels.  Every time I have come in here, I have had great and helpful salespeople and have walked out with some new goods.  Scoop carries a variety of clothing lines such as JBrand, DVF, Marc Jacobs, Kors, Theory.  They have a nice balance of dressy and casual, and I also love the shoes and handbags they carry.The store is located on the very bottom of the newer shopping area and can be easily accessed from the strip.  Always a must stop when I visit vegas!
4	I like this store it's very easy to find items. Very helpful sales staff and the girls were good at figuring out my style.
5	Yes Yes Yes and.... YESI absolutely love this place. They have items for every mood/event/wardrobe. This is a must visit for when your shopping on the strip. From designers such as Haute Hippie, Zac Posen, Free City, & Beyond Vintage it goes from dressy to casual in 2.5 seconds. I love the broad range of styles and the employees are always nice and helpful. A little pricey but I have a few pieces from here that have lasted years.
5	LOVE this boutique....Walking around the Forum shops heading to grab some afternoon sushi, I saw the most darling dress in the window. I was with two gentlemen who could've cared less to go in and wait for me to try it on, and probably shop a little more. I called the dress in, and paid via credit card. Not only did the manager allow me to do that, but he also had a sales associate deliver the dress to the restaurant.MANY MANY MANY thanks to you!!! I absolutely adored the fabulous piece from your boutique and got SO many compliments on it. Can't wait to come in person and check it out :)
4	great store and awesome discounts especially near the end of season. which in my opinion doesn't make a difference anyway. quality product and nice staff:)
