5	With not a Jamba Juice in sight here in Summerlin, I was happy to see IntaJuice open up not too far from my house.  Their menu is huge, their prices are good, and the staff is fast and friendly.  I can call them up and order a smoothie, and it's ready to go when I get there.  I try something new virtually every time I go there, and every smoothie I've had is delicious.  If they only had a drive through, then I'd be completely in love with them.
3	Great juice. They have lots of options that you can mix and match, plus you can add vitamin and protein powder to your shake!  I loved it.  I went for the Chai High and loved it.  Overall, nice place to grab a protein shake after leaving the gym or as a meal.  Give it a try!
5	My hands down favorite smoothie spot in vegas and better than any place I had back home as well.  They also give you 2 free boosts in your smoothies where tropical charges like a buck each.  Also unlike tropical they are not slow as hell, actually they are pretty fast and the service is real nice.  I used to think jamba had the best smoothies in town but this place is better with a huge selection of smoothies.
4	Hands down my favorite smoothie place in Vegas! I've tried Jamba Juice, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, Smoothie King and Juices Wild. Berry Blendz definitely surpasses them all! I love that they have a wide range of smoothies from berry to citrus even dessert and you get free boosts. I gave them 4 stars because depending on when you go and who's working at that time, the service varies and so does the quality of your smoothie. Overall they make bomb smoothies for a great price that I would definitely recommend!
2	Okay so it tasted weird.  Some aftertaste that I could not get over.  I like the all fruit menu at Jamba and wish there was one closer too me.  I had hoped this would be it but it was not.  Heres to shelping over to Decatur
4	The menu is overwhelming but the staff are really friendly and helpful. I must have stared at the menu for about five minutes studying the different choices. I finally decided on a berry one without the yogurt. I liked that they have other frozen juice bases such as raspberry and apple juice. The drink also included two supplements which I decided on Multi Vitamin and Vitamin C. The drink was good but it was a bit seedy for me. I guess when you order a strawberry, blackberry, raspberry, blueberry, you're bound to have seeds.
4	I like berry blends a lot they have a lot of selection and do have a lot of all fruit options. I have been here a couple times and the service is ok and the prices are about $1 to $1.50 too high but it is still good. I like to get the smoothie with Red Bull in it, it is very filling.
5	Smoothie places in Vegas are few and far between, and the few that are in between make more of an iced down fruitish flavored substance. I'm talking to you, Tropical Smoothie.I went into Berry Blendz expecting very little, but was pleasantly surprised by the friendly environment and infinite amount of smoothie flavors available. Plus I think you can create your own! Nothin' I like more than being in control. Hey, I AM a woman afterall. Seriously though, the selection was fantastic and neatly organized into subcategories, a huge plus for those with OCD tendencies. Every fruit in its place! So far I've tried a few smoothies from the "berry" section, figured I'd stick to their namesake. Every smoothie has been delicious and the perfect smoothie consistency. IE SMOOTH and not icy. My boyfriend got the peanut butter & jelly smoothie and I ended up sucking down most of that one, too. It's just as good as a peanut butter & jelly sandwich that spent all day being perfectly smooshed beneath a cold juice box.This place also sends coupons to your phone if you text a certain number! I spend my nights waiting by the phone hoping for a text from Berry.
5	I can't even begin to count the number of times I've been in this place or how much money I've dropped on smoothies here going way back to their Inta Juice days. For my money Berry Blendz is the best smoothie place in town, and I've tried a fair amount of them. As others have noted they have a staggering amount of choices, of which I've sampled about 80%, and very rarely have I been disappointed (that said, stay away from Tango Mango-not their best). I generally alternate between their citrus smoothies and their berry smoothies, since the former definitely have a nice tanginess to them as opposed to the latter which are generally on the sweet side. Luscious Lemon, Cran-Orange Twist and Lime Your Mine are all excellent choices for the citrus side while Berry Berry Blue and Razmatazz (or something like that) are my favorites on the berry side. The smoothies are definitely a little sweeter than most, especially compared to somewhere like Jamba Juice, which comes from their use of frozen yogurt and sherbet rather than just ice which I personally prefer since I think it makes them taste more flavorful. I've never had a problem with the service and have even met the owner a few times-a nice older gentleman who runs a variety of promotions and specials and clearly has a passion for keeping the place going. The decor and layout of the place are also really nice, with bright colors and plenty of seating for such a small place (they also have two incredibly comfy leather sofas you can lounge on). Clearly I've spent way too much time and money at this place but all the more reason to come check out yourself!
5	Nobody knows about this place, and its so great..Get the ACAI BRAZILIAN BOWL!I am Brazilian, speaking for trying every acai blend everywhere their taste is the closest I've ever had, just really good stuff! &&They're fast, prices are going right over your head.
4	I finally came here to use a local deal I got for a 32oz smoothie. Luckily I came with Don because that thing was ginormous. It wouldn't even fit in our cup holder. After staring at the pretty large menu for about five minutes, we decided upon the Caribbean Blend: Peach, strawberry, pineapple, orange, and banana. The deal came with two supplements, so we chose energy and multivitamin. Neither supplement seemed to change the taste at all. I've gone to smoothie places in the past and ordered supplements, only to have my entire smoothie flavor changed into something disgusting. Thankfully, that was not the case here. The smoothie was flavorful, perfectly blended, and mighty refreshing. Even without the coupon I had, the prices are still great values. My 32 oz smoothie would've been around 6 bucks with 2 free supplements included. If I lived in the area, I'd probably be here often.
5	So far the best smoothie place I have found in Vegas.  I go at-least 3 times a week.  I love how they have a make your own smoothie menu so many places only will serve what they have on the menu.  I make a carrot juice, mango, peach, banana smoothie with frozen yogurt and add two vitamin supplements.  Yes they even add vitamins to it .  Yummmy .  They have early and late hours and I can even place my order over the phone.  I have my whole staff at work hooked on this place. I have been trying to work off these extra pounds and I have found that supplementing my breakfast or lunch with a smoothie has been helping. Thanks Berry Blends your the berry best.
5	I must preface this by saying that I usually don't like smoothies. I'm not a fan of Jamba Juice or Smoothie King at ALL. Usually, I'll go for a slushy from 7-11 before I go to a smoothie joint. However, Berry Blendz (formerly Inta Juice) is fantastic and it has me craving smoothies whenever I find myself in the Summerlin area. Ever since I started coming to see this place four or five years ago, I have always gotten the same smoothie...the Razz-A-Lade. It's basically Raspberry lemonade and it is FANTASTIC. I usually get an energy supplement put in as well, although I'm not sure if it really works or not. Tasty though!Definitely a great stop to quench your thirst in Summerlin!
3	I come to this spot about 1x a month and the shakes are great. I love the variety and the prices I feel are on point with alot of other smoothie type places. My only gripe is customer service. Its such a mainstay here in the city that when I come across bad service it just annoys the crap outta me. Ive been to this location I would say.. 5 or 6 times and I have NEVER been greeted by anyone in the location when I walk in. Its typically busy so I understand but a hey.. we'll be right with ya.. rarely happens. Its not enough to make me stop going in b/c this location is convenient to where I handle business but it is something that kinda tans my hide.. !
5	Absolutely love this place! I enjoy getting fresh juice/smoothies from time to time and always thought that Jamba Juice was the best out there, but after going to Berry Blends several times now, they are my new favorite. They have a huge selection of very creative choices and the customer service is great. Definitely a must-visit; my favorite is the Omega Fuel :-)
1	The great scholar George W. Bush once delivered the wise words "Fool me once, shame on you.....you fool me you can't get fooled again"....apparently this one along with many other of his sayings were unfortunately untrue.I ventured here nearly a year ago when they took over a previous smoothie joint and the decor and general feel looked very promising and after trying some concoction with berries, kiwi, and some citrus, I thought it was fairly one-dimensional, maybe a tad watered down, and had no desire to invest in a punch card for return visits.  Fast forward to today when I needed a pick-me-up before jumping on the highway for my half hr commute home from work.  With 20 yelp reviews averaging 4 stars, I figured it couldn't be half bad, right?  By no means am I a smoothie snob, since I've had my share of overly sweet, watered down, improperly proportioned mixture of fruits, or too much additives like yogurt or vitamin supplements, and I've been completely OK since it's all mostly healthy stuff compacted into liquid form involving less effort on my part and fairly palatable.    Walking in, I noticed there was a large poster advertising a "seasonal pumpkin smoothie perfect for the fall!"  which was strike 1.  Strike 2 was when I asked about the all fruit smoothies made with fresh fruit and the guy behind the counter was like "Oh, you don't want to try those since they taste too sour"......let's take a step back and think about this....we're not talking about catching salmon right off the coast or farm raised chickens here, this is fruit you pulsate into a blender with ice and perhaps some sweetener, shouldn't one be able to find some decent fruit down the street that has some resemblance to the fundamental taste of sweet?  Now as I'm about to pick one of their standard ones with frozen fruit juice, he then talks me into trying his personal favorite..."the Islander" with fresh guava, peach, pineapple, and passion fruit?  Kinda ambitious since none of these fruits are necessarily available or in season.  Had I not been anxious to rush home and get my smoothie on the go, I would have immediately returned this concoction and had him personally taste my smoothie not to necessarily prove a point, but to have him swallow a mouthful just so he could empathize with my experience.  Pretty sure the island this smoothie was named after was Antarctica since there was nothing resembling a fruit flavor in this beverage and the predominant flavor was crushed ice.  Vitamin water would have tasted like a milkshake compared to this watered down mess that was "1 lower"  if the Spinal Tap volume knob had a measure for sweetness.  There were chunky bits of fruit that I could not identify as anything within the description and reminded me of the rough core of an unsweet pineapple or the white rind of a watermelon....completely unpalatable on any level.  I imagine when the Nazi guy chose the wrong cup in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, his reaction may have been the same as when he took a sip of the Islander (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtcZv89Hspk).    It's one thing to be duped for picking the wrong item on a menu, but when you go for what's considered the premium stuff (fresh fruit) and get the personal staff endorsement (the Islander), it is pretty inexcusable for something that can be made at home with a blender and an accessible supermarket of any level of quality.   I shalt not be fooled again...
3	Disclaimer Alert:  I don't eat fruits. I can't eat fruits.  So my review is solely based on the cleanliness of Berry Blendz, the service, and my Power Protein Smoothie.After a pretty good workout at Gold's with Terri R, we ended up coming here for our post workout.  We were hoping before coming in that they had something with whey in it and they did.  Berry Blendz has their Power Protein, which consist of a bunch of fruit and 40 grams of whey.  This was perfect, minus the fruits of course.  I ended up substituting the fruits with nonfat yogurt.  I order a medium and got what looked like a large.  My smoothie had an okay, not great, taste to it.  Bottom line, I wasn't looking for taste anyway. I just needed something to assist with recovery after hitting the gym hard.  Blendz itself was clean when we visited them and the service was okay. One plus with this place is that they have a small sofa or love-seat where we were able to have our post-workout treat and chill at the same time. Power Protein:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zq0NW4rDIbHJHbWeGykgeQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQNot Mine (This would kill me):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0_eQQ2rzx7Is62fNdDfukA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQNot a fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
4	I ordered the large, dark berry blend....OMG was it great!  Compared to Jamba Juice @ UNLV, this drink was only $4 for the biggest size, had almost no ice, and was loaded with fruit and juice!  They're not stingy with the good stuff here and it's a total band for your buck!  If you're looking for fresh, fast, and health juices, give berry blendz a shot.
5	The smoothies here are awesome! They offer lots of supplements to add as well. They have great protein based smoothies, or add it in to any of the smoothies. They offer Veggie drinks and wheat grass shots too and they have all fruit smoothies My Favorite is the Veggie Energizer. Very addicting. All of the staff are friendly and helpful too. Two thumbs up!!
5	Best smoothies and drinks! Mark made an awesome Veggie energizer, Orange Crush and Berry Berry Blue today. Always with a smile! Thanks for always providing such great service!
5	I love berry blendz!! My fave smoothie place!! And Bryan always makes the best smoothies!! :D definately recommend going!!
5	I have been into Berryblendz time to time. I'm not a big smoothie person but when I'm craving a nice cold drink I go to Berryblendz. I really enjoy the tropical menu. It makes me feel like I'm in paradise. It's the closest thing I can get living here, in Vegas. My favorite smoothie is definitely the Coolda Cooler. It definitely sooth my cravings for my ideal island drink. and the coconut bits just add the the experience. All the staff is great and willing to work with you. I was there recently and Brian was very helpful and convinced me to get the Caribbean Blend. It was awesome! There was so much flavor! Sooner or later I will eventually try everything on the menus but as for now I'm just going stick to my Coolda Cooler.
5	Best Smoothie Ever! If you're looking for a great workout drink go for the Power Protein. 40g's of WP!! Ask for Bryan, he'll hook you up with the best mix for your workout. Love this place!!!
5	Great service and great smoothies. It was busy this morning in the store, But Colin did a great job getting everyone served efficiently.
5	Omg!!! Why aren't you open longer?!!?!! I dream about Berry Blendz smoothies. So yummy... Love the omega fuel with granola on top.  I use to work for JIU and we had the exact same thing, but there's no JIU in Vegas so I make my trip out to Berry Blendz from Henderson to satisfy my smoothie craving. For you health nut, try carrot/apple with yogurt and bananas (granola blended optional)... So good!!
4	I found Berry Blendz by accident yesterday trying to kill time.  The smoothie I had was so good and I also got a 10% military discount.  They give you a higher discount if you're in uniform.  The only thing I didn't like is there was only one person working and they don't serve fresh squeezed lemonade anymore but it's still on the menu.  I may start getting smoothies from here since Jamba Juice is on the other side of town and they are cheaper.
5	New favorite smoothie spot! I wish I lived nearby so I can try different flavors everyday but I don't care how far, I'm coming back! Love it!
4	This place is hidden in a tiny shopping center next to the cupcakery! I love it. My favorite thing to get is the banana a peel!! I add peanut butter, coconut, cinnamon, and granola to the mix and it's to die for. It's healthy and gets you full.
1	Itty Bitty Berry Blendz review:My usual go-to spot for acai is closed on Sundays. This was the back-up plan.25 minutes to get one acai bowl.Busy Sunday afternoon with one employee taking orders and making them.Customers who arrived after me got their orders before me.My acai bowl was more like a granola bowl with acai topping.I won't be back.
5	I juice often and this is my go to place. Amazing smoothies and juices...I'll be coming here regularly from now on.
5	I was driving by and thought I'd give a new place a try so I stopped in. I was a little concerned that the open sign wasn't on, but cautiously approached anyway. The place was empty and I didn't feel rushed to make a selection. The menu was a little overwhelming because there were so many choices. The clerk was helpful and offered suggestions to make life easier. My selection was Acai Bliss with added granola and it was really yummy and super filling!
4	Really enjoyed my drink there.  I was telling my coworkers about it and thought I would get them one to try some morning.  Sad to say you open too late for me to get before work.  I will be back but hope that sometime soon you will open at 6am or even 7am for us early workers.
3	Originally saw a Groupon that brought this place to my attention, went by today for a morning treat. I love juicing so I figured I'd try one of their options: went with the 24oz Super Veggie(?) juice, which was just over $7. Size was okay, quality and taste were okay. Service was minimal- I probably got a grand total of ten words out of the guy who helped me.What knocked stars off of this review were the "fall pumpkin special" signs everywhere- it's now nearly March, arguably almost spring. Take down the outdated specials posters. If you can't handle seasonal posters, how can I trust that your food stock is maintained?Secondly, pricing. I'm used to paying $7-8 for a juice at specialty juiceries such as Pressed. Jamba Juice, Berry Blendz, etc chains do not have the same quality to justify trying to charge the same prices, nor do they have information readily available regarding the nutrition in their drinks or staff who are knowledgeable about that portion of the menu. Stick to the smoothies you know best, and knock a dollar or two off your juice prices- they're not worth it here.
5	Adam made the best Extreme Veggie! i love the new juice menu! double shots of wheatgrass too... best Juice drinks in Vegas!
4	This place never fails me BUTTTT the service could be a little better. I know I am super indecisive sometimes , but they show they frustration and the last time I was there we felt super rushed! NOT COOL! But it won't stop me from going there ! Love my berry blendz !
3	Great smoothies, shitty customer service! No smile, no acknowledgement,  no thanking the customer.  At least pretend like you enjoy your job!
