5	1st customer ever and 1st to review, wow what a privilege.It was a dark and stormy afternoon when I decided to try this brand new Charlotte restaurant.  A little hungover from the night before, I didn't mind the gloom of the day, but knew I needed some nutrients ASAP.As soon as you walk in, you know why they call it Fern.  The fern theme covers most of the restaurant and gives it a fresh feel.   A lot of the back wall has them hanging from it.  The lighting was quite intriguing as well.  Mason jars with bulbs inside hanging from the ceiling.  Quaint and homey, but yet still somewhat chic.  I was quickly seated and was told I was their first ever customer(besides soft opening I assume).I could tell this place was a little different as my water was lightly infused with the freshness of cucumber.  I then took a look at the plentiful but yet rather concise menu.  As soon as I saw it, I knew it was a must.  SQUASH BLOSSOM HUSH PUPPIES!!!  I asked the waitress to leave me to my menu for a minute as I re-hydrated.  There was a diverse juice menu and they had tea with orange that sounded awesome.  That said, the water was just so refreshing that I stuck with that.  An alcohol menu did exist as well with gluten free beers and organic wines, but not what I was looking for on this day.I ordered the rest of my food while waiting for the appetizer, but we'll get to that in a minute.  OOOOOOH, the squash blossoms!!  3 beautiful corn dog looking pieces of fried goodness .  Crispy exterior, with the best vegan cheese filling I have ever tasted.  The onion butter was sweet and subtle, the perfect accoutrement.  I highly recommend this as a starter.  Can't even really put it into words.  May have to go back soon and try to find the vocabulary to describe them.I went for the OM burger as I just wasn't really feeling most of the other dishes of the day.  My waitress recommended the quinoa salad as a side and she was right all the way, amazing flavor for such a basic grain.  My cohort for lunch decided the mushroom "risotto" would be his dish.  I say "risotto" because it was made with farro, not rice.  Its still a risotto, just not quite what you first think.Both dishes came out relatively quickly.  My burger was about as good as a veggie burger can be.  The chevre on top was definitely worth the extra $2 and made the whole thing so much creamier.  The soft interior of the burger matched with a nice crunchier exterior gave the feeling of a perfectly medium rare burger.  It sat a little heavy on my stomach, but that was kind of expected.My buddies dish looked well put together.  I only got a bite or 2, but there was a trio of mushrooms, some tofu, and some other odds and ends added to a somewhat creamy farro mix.  The farro was aldente, which is how I assume it was meant to be.  The flavor was awesome, but I give it 4.5 stars on cohesiveness.  It just seemed like it needed to be bound a little better.  Not a complaint, just a personal preference.All in all, one of the best lunches I've ever had in Charlotte and they're just getting started.  My only complaint would be that my pen kind of exploded in my hand as I signed off on the check.  Might want to splurge a little better than family dollar next time, lol.  This place will be on my list of frequented places from now on, even if its just to get some juice.
4	Not gonna lie, I don't dream about dining in veg-only restaurants often, or ever, but with a lunch date with my vegetarian sister on the books, I figured it was a good enough reason to try the place... I have to say I was very impressed.We chose to sit outside and it was quite nice. The handful of iron chairs and wood-top tables scattered on wooden flooring made you forget you were yards from central avenue, until a train would come through. Lots of plant life, and they had a few heaters set up. We opted for the cucumber infused water (there were other bottled options) and started on the menu. We were give one which was simply drinks, the front half is freshly made juices and juice blends (all $6 - we opted for a lemonade/agave concoction) the back is beers and wines. The food menu is the perfect length - just enough small plates, sandwiches, salads and entrees, with lots of daily changes (bruschetta, soup of the day, buddha bowl, cheese selections). They also have the items which are vegan or can be made vegan marked with little ferns, which I thought was clever. We couldn't pick, so we decided to split four of the small plates (but the table next to us had the OM burger and it looked amazing).Squash blossom hush puppies - yummm. thank you kenny r. for the heads up. I wouldn't have known it was vegan cheese if it hadn't said so on the menu. So good, I didn't want to share. I enjoyed the onion "butter", my sister did not, luckily these pups stand perfectly well on their own.The Indian Tacos - this, as a meat lover, was hands down my favorite dish. If I hadn't know any better I would have sworn up and down with the complex flavors they brought into the chili that I was eating something heartier than beans and squash. Mixed in with the lettuce and tomato and then sandwiched between a layer of the sharp cheddar on top and fried goodness underneath, holy crap, I'm sold. The Envious Artichoke is the perfect light dish, stuffed with spinach and olives and topped with fried onions- we were very happy campers. On the other hand, the cannelloni added some serious weight to my stomach. Granted, it's a great fall flavor concoction of goat cheese goodness served over a sweet squash puree - but not the greatest choice for our fourth tasting dish. Our service was top notch- water constantly filled, staff was very familiar with the menu, we were checked on just the right amount of times. Even though there isn't any meat on your menu, Fern, I'm a fan. (but seriously, get some new pens.)
4	My husband and I are visiting Charlotte for the day, and I was in charge of finding dinner for the two of us - a vegan and a vegetarian.  Little did we know we'd happen into a restaurant open for just two days!  Had we not read so beforehand, we'd never have known - nothing in our dinner would have belied that fact.  Service was smooth and efficient, servers knew all about the menu, and everyone worked with confidence and pleasure.We enjoyed our entrees - the Three Sisters Cakes and the mushroom risotto.  Both were hearty and flavorful without being too filling.  We also ordered the Squash Blossom Hush Puppies as a starter and while we enjoyed them, I take issue with the "hush puppies" label.  They're really more of a jalapeno popper, with a batter-fried exterior enclosing a creamy vegan cheese and squash bossom.  I'd been hoping for more of a twist on a traditional, cake-y hush puppy.That issue aside, we were pleased with the whole experience.  The restaurant's decor is both dark and cozy while still fresh and airy.  If we were locals, we'd certainly be back for a nice date-night meal out.  Since we're not, the least I can do is leave a positive review and hope it sends more business their way.
5	Fern was absolutely AMAZING!  I have been a veggie girl for almost 10 years, and this was by far the best vegetarian restaurant I've visited.  The service was wonderful.  The staff was extremely knowledgeable about preparations and available substitutions.  You even have the option of making certain dishes vegan.  The decor of the restaurant was delightful.  It was quaint, sophisticated without being stuffy and very appealing to the eye.  And the food.... ahhh!  We ordered multiple items so we could try a little of everything Chef Alyssa had to offer and each item was delicious.  The flavors were fantastic, the veggies were crisp and paired together beautifully.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.  Carnivore, vegetarian, vegan... you WILL NOT be disappointed.
5	As a manic yet guilty meat-eater, I've been on a 10-year plan to become a vegetarian for about 20 years now.  Haven't made too much progress but Fern gives me hope to "win the future" (that's a tag line I came up with recently, Obama stole it).  The roasted vegetable panini was out of this world - eggplant, zucchini, a delicious mozzarella cheese on a soft roll.  It came with a side (I got the quinoa salad) for $9 and it was a huge sandwich.  We also tried the Indian tacos, and as the other reviewers have said, they were great.  Also a huge portion and we had leftovers.  The "hush puppies" - we started with these and they were tremendous - melt in your mouth awesomeness.Good beer selection and then they have a whole array of specialty juices.  I guess juicing (legally) is all the rage nowadays.  People spend like $500 on juicers and supposedly after a week of juicing, people who are unhealthy and about to die become health gods.  We didn't try it, but maybe next time.Great location in Plaza Midwood, across the street from Bistro La Bon.  You might need to park in the big lot in front of Family Dollar and cross busy Central Avenue, but it's worth it.  Just don't do it while talking on a cell phone - we saw some girl do this and she dropped her bag and then she almost got hit by a car.Other items that sounded incredible were the bruschetta appetizer and the Buddha bowl.  You'll have to go to Fern to find out what's in it.  Nice people working there - very helpful and attentive.  This place has been open for a few days and they already had a wait on Friday night.Great addition to Charlotte.
4	Upon walking into fern I immediately fell in love with the cozy interior. It felt a bit like walking into a good friends dining room.  My one complaint is the ladies room is shared with the catering business and is quite a far walk - and fairly unsightly walk at that. So maybe it is more like walking into a good friends dining room - who just moved in!   Our service was friendly although a bit spotty toward the end as the night grew busier. We were able to be seated on a Friday night around 7pm without reservations but I suggest having them if you dine later then that as the place definitely fills up. They  had a lovely list of organic wines - I cannot recall exactly what we had but it was a nice red in the upper 30 range. They have an extensive list of juices that I definitely need to try out next time. The complimentary cucumber infused water is absolutely delicious on its own. We shared some small plates as our meal we had the harvest salad, goat cheese cannelloni, braised artichoke, and the bruschetta du jour. The winner of the night  was the delicious brushetta which was so tasty. I also enjoyed the canneloni - and could tell the pasta was homemade. The only dish  I cannot recommend is the braised artichoke which was overcooked and lacked flavor. The entire meal came to about $80 for two. I will definitely put this place on my list of local dining spots!
4	I, like Hailey H, typically don't lust after veg-only restaurants, but after a visit to Fern I can honestly say that I'm still craving a bunch of dishes there!The vibe inside (and on the patio) of Fern is great - a nice, chill and green accompaniment to their menu. Service was on point during my lunch and my server was well educated and happy to lead me through the menu. She also mentioned that she's not a vegetarian and loves the food...and hey, that means a lot to us carnivores. The menu features vegetarian and vegan options with many of the vegetarian items available to be made into a vegan dishes. I can hear all the vegans rejoicing right about...now. My lunch buddy and I snacked on a few different items...all of which were good to great. Iced tea: 4/5: I gotta say their regular iced tea (at least during the day I dined here), was orange and ginger! It was super refreshing and delicious. Indian Tacos: 5/5: Three fry bread "tacos" piled high with a hearty mix of beans and squash and topped with lettuce, tomato and sharp cheddar. This dish was bangin' and very filling. Anyone who says veggie or vegan eats can't fill you up, must try this. Squash blossom hush puppies: 4/5: Holy crap, I actually enjoyed vegan cheese?! Yes, lightly crispified squash blossoms filled with delicious vegan mozzarella with a side of onion "butter". I didn't go crazy over the butter but frankly, I don't think they needed them. The order came with three blossoms. Buddha bowl: 3/5: Rice, a bit of faux cream, vegggies and beans presented beautifully in a bowl. The buddha bowl had potential but it was pretty bland for me. Everything was most certainly fresh, but I was itching for some spice somewhere in this big bowl of eats. Overall, Fern was really impressive and I think they have a great menu, inspiration and focus. Can't wait to go back and try more!
5	Honestly, if I wasn't a vegetarian, this place would get 4 stars, but to have a full-vegetarian restaurant open in my neighborhood makes me completely dork out, so I'm as happy as it gets.The space is absolutely adorable...an earthy green color covers the walls with an open layout and fresh decor.  The place is small, but didn't feel crowded, just intimate.  The menu consists of small plates, salads, and entrees.  There is plenty of diversity to please veg and meat-eaters alike (they also let you know which dishes are vegan and which can be made so).  See Shauna H.'s description of the food we ate as she was my dinner mate.  The service was attentive and friendly, the food lovely, and the atmosphere charming.  This is definitely a go-to for me from now on.
4	My girlfriend and I were very excited to drop by this new restaurant and was not disappointed!Highlight: The bruschetta rocked my world in ways I did not know it could be rocked.The Vibe: unique and welcoming. This is a small restaurant with seats for around 30 people inside and maybe 15-20 outside. Combined with plain wooden tables and fun cutlery, makes this an intimate experience. The middle of the room has what appears to be a homemade chandelier made from glass jars. One wall has a large vertical fern garden (with real ferns!). It was well put together without overstating itself. I love it! Jack Johnson was playing in the background, which added to the relaxed theme. The Service: Wow! These were some of the most attentive and knowledge staff I have experienced. I never wanted for water (which came with a hint of cucumber). The sourcing of menu specials were described (cheese from the Goat Lady). The server that we had was pleasantly talkative and I could see great opportunities for small talk, if that is your thing. Very courteous and friendly!The Food: - Bruschetta (deserving of 3 paragraphs): I am not a bruschetta guy; however, this was hands down the most delicious appetizer I have ever had. This appetizer lived up to the name and actually stimulated my appetite. In fact, we both were left craving more throughout the dinner to the point of seriously considering getting one more order for dessert (it's not sweet, just THAT good)! This aint no red paste/salsa looking glob on a bread. No, it was asparagus, tomato, lion's mane mushroom (and some more veggie yumminess that eludes me at the moment) perfectly seasoned on a crispy, garlicky, buttery slice of bread.The only possible downside is that the restaurant changes its bruschetta daily (or maybe weekly), so future experiences may differ. However, I fully place my bruschetta trust in the chief to deliver and WILL be ordering the bruschetta in the future.- Arugula salad: This came with arugula, walnuts, pumpkin, and pumpkin seeds with a pomegranate dressing. The portioning of the salad seemed in-between a side salad and dinner salad. Definitely get a side or appetizer (bruschetta mayhaps...) if you are hungry. Whereas certainly not bad, we both found the pomegranate dressing to be a bit too intense and sweet--overpowering the other flavors. - CM Burger: solid veggie patty with toasted wheat bun. The patty was particularly enjoyable because it was not trying to be like a hamburger in texture or taste. This resulted in a crispy on the outside patty of veggie awesome. The toppings were fantastic. Only drawback was that the patty tends to fall apart easily, but this minor inconvenience is well worth the effort. Would get again!- Side of Veggies: the burger came with a choice of sides. I choose the veggies, which contained squash, zucchini, carrot, onion, and green beans. These were sauteed perfectly, not soggy like defrosted mixed veggies. The green beans could have been cooked a bit longer, but a minor issue. Deliciousness comes at a price though--butter. And lots of it. Veggies can only taste this sinfully good with a large amount of butter. It didn't bug me at all, but it may be a concern to others.Overall: Coming back again. Soon. Even though not a vegetarian, I really appreciate well-prepared vegetarian food. There is a lot of variety  and unique flavors at Fern and I am not done exploring yet.
5	I tried Fern today and it was absolutely wonderful.  We sat outside because the weather was beautiful but did take a peak inside and it appeared to be a great atmosphere.  Be sure to ask about the Fern wall, it is very interesting.  Whom I expect was the owner was very friendly and informative!  Immediately upon entering the service was top notch.  Very friendly and educated staff (on the food that is).I ate the OM Burger which was out of this world.  I have had many a "veggie burgers" but this one was definitely in a league of its own.  I highly suggest the goat cheese!  I had the quinoa as a side, and it was about as exciting as you can make quinoa but very good nonetheless.This is definitely going to be a regular stop on the rotation!
5	Amazing.  Probably the best vegetarian food I've had in Charlotte.  My wife had the sweet potato gnocchi and I had the fry bread tacos.  Both were delicious, as was our starter - squash blossom hush puppies.  The beer donut desert was fine, but not quite as great as everything else.  We certainly will be going back.
5	I'm not vegan, or even vegetarian, but I appreciate the gastric desires of all mankind, particularly when it is presented as pleasingly as Fern, Charlotte's newest (and best) vegetarian eatery.I've recently begun admiring the Something Classic team (the folks behind Halcyon and Something Classic Cafe), but Fern takes it to a new level. Where Halcyon is refined and a bit over-priced, Fern is comfortable, delicious and reasonably priced. I'm not usually one for giving star-breakdowns, but I will since we largely dined on small plates:Wine (4.5 out of 5) -- Our table of four ordered a bottle of Spanish red, a mixing grape I asked our server to repeat twice and still don't remember the name. (When their website is up, I'll come back and update the review). It was a fiery, delicious red - complex and spicy, which is exactly our taste. And at $30, super well priced.Three Cheese Plate (5 out of 5) -- Loved it! A smoked goat cheese, brie and cheddar, all local/regionally produced, and served with flatbread crisps that remind me of flats I ate as a child - a perfect accompaniment for the cheese. And that cheddar!? It was really good. I need to learn more about where it came from.Bruschetta (4.5 out of 5) -- We took David A.'s advice below and gave the bruschetta a try. Out. Of. This. World. I mean, this isn't bruschetta as you've likely ever had it at an Italian restaurant, but it was fresh, chock full of vegetables (heirloom tomato?) and so delicious. I'd have given this 5 stars, but it was maybe one piece too small for our table - we divided two large pieces between the four of us. Really, we should have just gotten two orders - it was that good.Squash Blossom Hushpuppies (4 out of 5) -- Yum! Really delicious little fried pockets with a butter than definitely worked. Again, because we were sharing across a table of four, I just pined for an extra piece or two so I wouldn't seem so piggish. You get three, and I would have loved 4 or 5.Indian Tacos (3.5 out of 5) -- I agree with Nicole W. below - these are filling, but they were my least favorite component of the night, though still worthy of 3.5 stars. Spicy and earthy, these tacos are well described - classically Indian flavors and textures. I don't know what I expected - maybe a little lighter or lettuce/tomato based? In any case, my plate was clean when the meal was done, so there ya go.Service (5 out of 5) -- Our server Susan was great, personable and attentive. She clearly knew her stuff and by the second bottle of wine (yes, we had two) our group was getting a little spirited, and she was great to us. I really appreciate excellent service, and that's what we got. If the food alone wasn't worth the return trip (and it was, believe me), personable staff like her would encourage us to give it another go. Fern is a welcomed addition to Charlotte's eatery landscape. Don't think vegetarian is your thing? Give it a try anyway - you'll be glad you did.
5	This place is fantastic.  Plaza Midwood is becoming the hot spot for Charlotte foodies.  I am not vegetarian but quality of the food was second to none.     Set in a cozy Garden-House type atmosphere this place will change the way most people look at vegetarian food.  We loved the Mason jar lighting and the herbs and ferns growing from the wall.    We were there very late, I think we walked in at 10pm, and they were gracious enough to let us eat.  We had the OM burger and the veggie filled Chicken and Dumplings.  The burger was incredible and the Dumplings were very good.   This place is has joined the list my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
4	Unique. Interesting. Quite good.As enjoyable as my experience at Fern was, I honestly believe you have to develop a taste for this food before you start truly enjoying it. It's not like other universally liked dishes such as pizzas, burritos or ice-cream! The food is truly unique, and healthy too. Where have you seen or tasted a drink made with beets, fennel, apples, cucumber and turmeric? Strange - yes, but not bad tasting. I also tried a beverage made with almond milk, vanilla and blueberries. They have enough items on their menu to intrigue me and make me want to go back for more. I had the OM burger, which kinda reminded me of a falafel because of it's fried texture. I'm definitely going back to try the indian tacos & squash blossom hush puppies, and will probably wash it down with their Violet bliss made from pomegranates, agave and lemonade.. yumm :)
4	The food was excellent, and it's about time that a good vegetarian restaurant has come into existence.  Now you've got to market yourself, Fern.  Go Go!
5	Fern's menu is fun and creative; drawing on seasonal and local flavors to create an appeal for all palates. Even the most zealous meat-eater is sure to find a hearty and satisfying meal. The decor is earthy, verdant, rustic...it has all the right elements for comfort. Our server was attentive and friendly. Our group tried: spiked apple cider, Duck-Rabbit Craft beer, the local cheese plate trio, jalapeno hush puppies,  warm kale salad, the soup of the day, the pot pie, the veggie Buddha bowl, and the beer chocolate donuts for dessert.As a  vegetarian, I gotta give it 5 stars. Really looking forward to going back! Hint: Half price bottles of wine every Thursday.
5	Fern is a veggie lovers dream!  I had heard some amazing reviews, and I seriously would go back weekly if I could to try every dish if I could afford it.  The flavors are incredibly fresh and inventive.  I've been a foodie in quite a few different cities and hadn't quite found a to die for restaurant in charlotte until I came here.  The staff and service was also excellent.  Def will be back, and not just for the mimosas!
4	A special shout out to the GM, Lou, who helped me coordinate the UYE here! She had two tables reserved for all of us and she and the staff were top notch with tending to us, serving food and drinks in an incredibly timely manner, and checking up with us regularly.This place was a pinch difficult to find at night. No lit up sign, the windows are covered with green curtains (so from outside it looks quite dim), The easiest way to navigate to it is to look across the street from Bistro La Bon (or two buildings over to the left from Slate).The water here was really good. Not rubbishy tap water. It was filtered (or distilled?) and had a hint of cucumber to it-- quite lovely. I tried their special warm sangria: warm red wine, brandy, spices, and bits of apple and orange. Excellent for a chilly night.I tried an Indian Taco (which I was confused about how it was Indian, aside from the naan shell... I got more of a chili-over-bread impression) and the Roasted Vegetable Panini with yellow squash and sun-dried tomatoes, and root veggie chips on the side. I think a more adventurous flavor could be placed in the panini-- and the store-bought ciabatta could be replaced with a house-made whole grain/sourdough or something. Anyhow, both were satisfying and pleasant but nothing to rant and rave about.
5	Wow!  Went to Fern for dinner and absolutely loved it.  The food was phenomenal.  Bruschetta with heirloom tomato, Indian tacos and a filling fennel soup made for an amazing meal.  They had a nice selection of juice concoctions - refreshing and healthy!  I enjoyed the unique menu selection, every plate was delicious.  If I could eat here everyday I would have no problem going Veg.  The service was very friendly while the dining area, though small, is nice and has an outdoor patio feel.Thursday night is half off wine night!
4	I'm not a vegetarian.  In fact, I often tell people that I'm a MEATetarian (because carnivore isn't a fun word) .   However, I am open to interesting cuisines of all types... so my wife and I went to Fern a few weeks ago to see what it was all about.The ambiance was great; really cute decor, and plants hanging everywhere.  The staff was super-friendly... everything felt quaint and cozy.We each got a juice to start with.  I got something red which was a bit too sweet, and my wife got something green which tasted like a freshly mowed lawn smells.   I drank quite a lot of hers, mostly out of sheer amazement that it wasn't killing me.The cuisine was all really imaginative and well executed.   This was easily the most creative restaurant we've been to in Charlotte.  We'll definitely be going back.
5	New veggie lovers' spot, Fern, has a wonderful rustic vibe and comfortable feel with a big patio outside and an expanded interior (they must be doing something right!) I love their mason jar chandelier! But the real treat is in their inventive menu, changed on a regular basis.  I have heard the OM burger is fantastic but I opted for the pot pie, but instead of chicken, there was lots of squash and mushrooms in a wonderfully flavorful gravy/sauce and instead of a pastry top or puff pastry (which I think is a travesty) was a deliciously crunchy croissant that was perfect to dip into the pot pie. It was a dinner party in my mouth and definitely crave worthy. I could have it weekly. My sister in law got the wild mushroom risotto which was tasty, but definitely more of a rice bowl than risotto. It lacked the typical creaminess of regular risotto but was surely more healthy because it was made with brown rice.  Their service was fantastic and friendly as well. I was shocked to hear that it was the same ownership as Something Classic which for me is hit and a big miss, but not as surprised to hear it's the same as Halcyon at the Mint. Apparently it's tough to get in for dinner, so I really look forward to making this a regular lunch gathering spot and trying dessert. Hooray Fern!
4	My wife and I had heard really good things about this place, so we decided to try it the other night.  (Neither of us are vegan or even vegetarians).  When you first walk in, you immediately spot the mason jar chandelier, and the atmosphere just kind of grabs you....very inviting feel.We started with the bruschetta, which was pretty good.  I would have like for the bread to be a bit crunchier, but the flavors of the topping were excellent.  My wife ordered the Indian Tacos and said that she really like them and would definitely get them again.  I ordered the Buddha Bowl, which is a conglomeration of the day's fresh vegetables tossed together in a great sauce and spooned over rice and beans.  Very good and hearty dish.  I actually expected to leave this place still hungry, but was totally surprised by the heartiness of the dishes.  Can't wait to go back!Oh and they also have a great selection of organic wines too!
2	I would like to give it more stars but I was simply aggravated by the service here that I really don't see myself going back! My sister and I went in a couple of Saturdays ago for lunch and we were seated away from the door they had maybe 6 tables in there so not crazy. We were approached by a server and she got us water, then another server came over to ask if we've heard the specials, then another server came over to see if we had any questions, and then finally another server came over to see if we were ready, all in the meantime i never got my iced tea i ordered but the table next to me did and they ordered it after me. Then i asked for sweetener and that finally came after i asked again for it. WHO IS MY SERVER!!! I was sooo annoyed at this point so we go to order a few of things that everyone has been yelping about- Squash Blossoms and the Bruscetta the server says oh were out of the squash blossoms-um hi we've had 10 servers and not one of you could tell us the things you were out of....then i order my gnocchi-were out of that too, no apology but yet the server staring at me like what else do you want. We started off with the Artichoke- lacked so much flavor but we couldn't figure out how because the garlic sauce it was sitting in was good. Then we had the Asparagus Bruscetta- very good and so nice and fresh. We both ended up with the Vegetable Pannini it was ok lacked flavor again and too much bread. So we finish our lunch and i notice the manager fighting with the servers to start cleaning up the dining room and getting it reset- I honestly could not believe this women was serious like take it to the kitchen not in the middle of your dining room!! so unprofessional so its almost like you cant blame the servers because they are being lead by this woman!! One last thing- this is not the Penguin/Diamond you really cant do the tag team service in a place like this because of your prices and at least at the Diamond they're good servers and aren't so intrusive!! I live in the neighborhood and I cant say that I want to return or recommend anyone to try it. Good concept could be better once you work out the front of the house situation and you will be ten times better!!
4	Great ambience, beer, and wine.  Veggie burger was tasty though a bit overwhelmed with bread.  Egg nog ice cream with apple upside down cake was delicious.  Definitely worth checking out.  Wish I would have tried Indian tacos.
4	As an omnivore, I can appreciate the flavor and delicacy of vegetable-based dishes. I will admit, I do enjoy cow and foul and all the wonderful inventions they come in, but I don't need them, per say, to make a meal complete; I can be quite content with a dinner devoid meat. And we're talking about more than a bowl full of lettuce here.  So with that in mind, enter Fern. What a refreshing addition to the Charlotte culinary scene! I was apprehensive at first (I have been to some dreadfully boring vegetarian/vegan establishments before), but I am so glad Leanne C. decided to host a get-together here and introduce this great restaurant to us! I enjoyed the more quiet ambiance and the soft earth tones that greet you. The mason jar pendant lighting and the wall of ferns and herbs (real, potted plants residing in pouches against the wall) created the right spark of whimsical fancy. The welcoming, personable staff complete the scene (and can talk about the menu items without sounding laboriously rehearsed).Continuing with the fresh theme, I love the cucumber-laced water - a favorite I create at home during the summer. On this particular visit I also tried their warm sangria, a dangerously delicious blend of red wine, brandy, spices, and fresh fruit. The Indian tacos are a must-try; I love the bread they use for these! As a main course, I tried the roasted vegetable panini and, again, was thoroughly impressed. The vegetables had a rich, roasted flavor with the slightest hint of char, yet remained firm (I hate floppy vegetables). I'm not saying I'm swearing off meat or anything, but with flavors like this, I certainly didn't miss it!
4	Creative play with veggies. Here is my total review with pics http://tastefullygigi.blogspot.com/2012/01/fern-midwood.html
5	I've dined here twice now - excellent food, great service and it seems to offer a menu that isn't common in Charlotte.  I will definitely be a repeat customer and recommend to friends.
3	I wanted to give it more than 3 stars, perhaps 3.5 or 4 but there were a couple things off with my experience. I'll start with the bad. My boyfriend and had almost picked out exactly what we were going to get as soon as we got to the restaurant since we had checked out their menu prior to getting there. We got there, however, and they had run out of the hush puppies (app.). The other bad thing was the fact that after we ordered the bruschetta and specifically told the server we needed the vegan option for it she came back with the non-vegan and my boyfriend accidentally ate the cheddar cheese and was like "Hmm, this tastes way too good, like really sharp!". I mean it was actually kinda humorous but we let the server know and they brought us back the right one. The second one that came out, however, was kinda soft, not toasted/grilled enough, must've been because they really tried to rush it out in order to not aggravate us further? Anyhow, it wasn't bad, the flavors of it were there, just the texture of the bread was not what we were hoping for. The sweet potatoes gnocchi was definitely not something that stood out for me either. It was mehhh. Now the good. Their Indian Tacos (app.) were pretty delicious. It was a large portion and I tend to get full easily but I could keep eating like a thousand of those things, okay not really but you know what I mean. The dough on the bottom reminded me of "Sopaipillas" which are a typical Chilean snack (which is where I was born). The beer  options were good. My boyfriend and I are obsessed with trying out good beers so that was a plus. Also, very reasonably priced, but I may be biased as we just moved down to Charlotte from NYC. Lastly, their desserts were pretty good, the chocolate cake more so than the beer donuts. The cake was perfectly moist and not too overwhelmingly sweet/rich. Probably due to the balance of the peppermint icing on top. I enjoyed this since I am not really a chocolate lover, at all.Service was attentive. A little bit nervous and definitely not the most genuine but overall clear and concise. Will definitely give it another go and hope to give it a 4!
4	I'm a fan of veggie food, so I was really excited to try this place. As others have noted, the ambiance inside is very inviting and cozy. You certainly don't feel like you are off of Central Ave in Charlotte--rather it feels more like a restaurant in Asheville or in Vermont. Very quaint. I came for lunch and had the Warmed Kale salad with goat cheese cakes, which was really quite delicious and perfect for winter. My lunchmate had the Om Burger which also was good. Her side were the sauteed vegetables (also very good) s which came in a cute little tin. Less enjoyable was the coconut blueberry cupcake, which was too dense and didn't really taste like coconut. Also, the service was a bit spotty. While we were immediately seated and served quickly, and our water (cucumber-flavored!) glasses never were low, we were a bit annoyed that the server asked to take away our plates a number of times before we were done. Not sure what was going on with that. The minuses, however, are nothing that would keep me from coming back. Great place.
4	Fern is the kind of restaurant, where after finishing your meal, will say "that was great"-- but may not necessarily crave an item enough to put the restaurant on regular lunch/dinner rotation.I've been here a few times, and each time, service was good, and the ambiance is nice with super rustic slab wood tables, custom-made fern-filled felt wall art, and artichoke salt and pepper shakers. For appetizers, the squash blossoms *are* as good as everyone says.  Creamy insides, crisp outsides. Very flavorful, despite the perception vegan cheese is bland.  But since they're out of season, they'll have an alternative appetizer.  Today it was potato croquettes (sweet potato and purple potato) dipped in pesto.  These were nice, though something slightly amiss.  Perhaps, too creamy inside? Nonetheless they were piping hot and fresh from the fryer. We also had the soup starter featuring yellow peas (I believe...) and butternut squash.  Nice, not overly salty, had sweet flavor from onions and squash.  Only served with a piece of toasted bread the size of a postage stamp.  Because the soup isn't a hearty, creamy soup, it would have been nice to have a larger piece of crusty bread to dip. This Indian fry bread appetizer is of the Native American kind of fry bread, not Indian from India.  Topped with a bean chili-type mixture, tomato and cheese, it's like an all-natural puffy taco.  My only criticism, which was shared by another woman I sat across the room from, the fry bread is a bit tough.  It's hard to cut and very chewy. Flavors are good. The popular Om Burger was indeed good. It was mostly because the bun was nicely toasted, the burger itself was meaty in texture, and the goat cheese a nice add-on.  Quinoa salad is a nice accompanying side.  I still like the veggie burger over at 131 Main better (I've had it about 6 times...beet and brown rice based with teriyaki glaze and havarti cheese.)The Buddah Bowl changes, and I've had it two different times.  Both times, the veggie selection is nice, the vegan sauce/veggie sauce to accompany is good too, but could use a kick.  I mean, like Nicole W. mentioned, it needs spice of some kind.Pot Pie: Mushroom cream sauce and large chunks of summer squash, a few pieces of carrot, and chickpeas.  I really liked the flavor of this dish hot. Thick, creamy, and again, super hot. But the veggies really varied in doneness.  The carrots were kind of hard...some yellow squash was medium hard...some zucchini was well cooked, as were the mushrooms.  When I think pot pie, I also would like a real puff pastry or any kind of "top".  Instead, it comes with a croissant.  Not the buttery, flaky make-a-mess-on-your-lap kind, but a hybrid 30% real croissant, and 70% Pilsbury Crescent Roll.  It's more bread than a croissant.  (Look at how in-depth I'm going into the scientifics of this carbohydrate product.) It was good at sopping up the sauce, and got the job done.  Just not what I expected. I also wondered why the vegetables in the pot pie weren't in season, and why they were so  ununiform in size. I had giant chunks of carrots...but small chickpeas, slivers of SUMMER squash.  I think that does it for now.  Overall, it was good.  I felt good after I ate here, and would take my friends, veggie or not.  I did head a couple diners complain to their server about waiting 40 minutes for their main entrees to arrive...and I did overhead some other diners being just so-so satisfied with their meals.  If Fern amped up the flavor just a bit, and made some minor improvements, this restaurant would be a knock out.
4	A table outside on a sunny, 65 degree January day- sure I'll sit there. A table that seats five and I dine alone on this afternoon, I feel guilty (for a moment). Start off with a glass of cucumber water- that did not ever go empty! Amazing considering my thirst. The place was pretty empty but the wait staff was extremely on the ball and fast-talking ...listen closely to the menu changes and specials :) Don't worry, they'll repeat for you slow listeners. I was disappointed when I heard the famous squash blossoms weren't available ("out of season" ??). The substitute was a purple sweet potato croquette, although I did not try. After browsing the menu and a few questions for Rach, I went with the OM  burger with goat cheese with quinoa salad. After a few more gulps of cucumber water, my burger arrives on a nice crusty bun. I really! enjoyed this burger, the goat cheese sets it off against that jalapeno mayo. Great recommendation.The staff and clientele here are super friendly and cool- a group of three joined me mid-bite (I offered *wave over*) after one of them expressed their disappointment with no outside seating available. I'll be back to try the squash blossoms and indian tacos.
4	A vegan and vegetarian restaurant with the creativity and skill to make meatless dining easy and enjoyable?  Yes, please!The wife and I dipped in for lunch yesterday and had a great experience, on the whole.  Decor is fittingly "fresh" with the live fern wall, mason jar light fixtures, organically shaped silverware and artichoke-shaped salt and pepper shakers on each table.  The space is definitely small, with only one outside picnic table and then a couple rooms inside that feel a bit more like a retail storefront than a space designed for dining.  This is a trend, recently, but it was not a major distraction.As we were seated and browsed the menu, we were served a very refreshing glass of cucumber water that ended up being my beverage of choice.  There is an entire juice menu, though, that is worth a look and my wife thoroughly enjoyed the finer honey iced tea- enough so that no sweetener was required!The menu is divided into small bites, sandwiches and mains, but this was somewhat deciding as the "small bite" indian tacos I had were plenty for a full meal.  Unwise to this, though, we did start off with a side of the homemade root vegetable chips.  There were freshly fried discs of beets and sweet potato on this day.  Nicely salted and crisp, but a bit on the oily side- like they could have used another minute or two of draining and blotting before heading out in their little flower pot server.  As for the main meal, I found the indian tacos to be tasty and filling, even if taco is a bit of a misnomer.  I had three rounds discus of puffy indian fry bread loaded on top with a nicely-spiced bean and squash chili.  Textures and tastes melded nicely, but there was no way these things fold up taco style.  I ate then more like a tostada.The wife's panini was also substantial- with thick slices of a multigrain bread and plenty of veggies inside.  The sun dried tomato pesto added a nice flavor to counter the mozzarella cheese.  Certainly the rest of the menu was tempting: the pot pie served with croissant, the om burger, even the buddah bowl all had high potential.  Not to be overlooked, though, was the new dessert menu.  Flourless chocolate cake, coconut cupcake, and an apple crisp all tempted.Fern is the real deal with the kitchen and the cooks to make some amazing meals.   The menu evinces a dedication to local and seasonal sourcing and there is clearly some creative talent used in bringing these ingredients together to great a plate that is insanely fresh and tasty.  Bravo fern, what a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
5	I thought "vegetarian comfort food" was an oxymoron until I visited Fern. From apps to entrees to dessert to the extensive beer & wine list, this place is a new favorite of mine! Fern is a great place to bring non-vegetarian friends if they want great-tasting slow-food and treats that are as visually appealing as they are delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the food leaves you satisfied without feeling stuffed. Some vegetarian menus only work in warm weather, but Fern is definitely a place you can go to warm up and fill up this Winter!
4	II had to give this spot a try as I am on my 5-6 day a week vegan quest. Started the night with a Three Sisters Cake appetizers, it was pretty good. For my main course I got the Mushroom Farro "Risotto" and it had some good flavors going on (Wild Mushroom & Tofu Ragu, Caramelized Fennel & Fennel Pollen,Toasted Walnut & Lucques Olive Tapenade) They also serve cucumber water and that was a nice touch. I also figured, what the hell, might as well try a dessert too! The Doughnut holes with chocolate stout sauce was awesome! I also left feeling like I had still had a healthy meal. The restaurant is pretty small and has a great atmosphere. The lighting fixtures (made from mason jars) are very cool and they have live ferns growing on a wall (hence the name). I will definitely come here again to try some other tasty vegan fare.
3	We were excited to learn about an all vegetarian restaurant in town. We went there last night and found the food to be "good". Service: Excellent - The waitress was really informative, enthusiastic and kept our drinks full and food on time. Ambiance: Mellow, rustic and relaxing. The dining room is small and intimate, and the decor is muted colors with rustic decorations. Very quaint. Food: Good - We got the Indian tacos, a somosa appetizer and the OM burger. I could not taste any Indian influence in the Indian tacos. They tasted like normal tacos. The samosas tasted fine and came with an onion chutney and creme sauce, but nothing that really stood out. Our friend said the OM burger was pretty good. The food presentation was beautiful and creative though. Price: Reasonable - Prices were on par with other restaurants in the area. We will definitely go back and try more offerings, and are very thankful for a vegetarian restaurant. It's definitely tasty enough to return many times, but it was nothing I would crave or bring out of town guests to.
4	We have only been once, on my birthday, and we found it quite cozy and hospitable.Since they were super busy when we arrived, we were seated in a sofa area while they cleared a table.We tried a few appetizerss and a malbec. The Indian Tacos were a bit bready for me, but my guy gobbled them up. We also tried a Canneloni type dish and it was wonderful. Our server was very nice and helpful.We plan to head back soon to try out the Om Burger.Oh...and we learned they now take reservations ... always good to know. Great new find in Charlotte.
1	I just wasted $80!  My friend and i tried this new vegetarian place. A few friends had mentioned that Fern was a great spot with vegan options. My friend is vegan and its tough to find a good place with GOOD food done right. Turns out, this was NOT one of those good places. It has very nice yet simple decor. The mason jars chandelier was really neat. Even the silverware was cute. I like that lots of the vegetables were from local farms. We are big supporters of farm to table. Service was good. Our server was very attentive and seem to be very knowledgeable about the menu. However, she spoke very loudly. It was a bit awkward. They were great with refilling our waters, but never asked if we wanted more sangria or another drink. Our mugs were clearly almost empty because we were eating the fruit left in the bottom, with a fork.We decided to take our servers suggestion and went with the queens feast 4 course menu. My friend asked for the vegan options. Started with cucumber water & warm sangria which was fantastic. It actually was the best part of the meal. The rest of the meal was memorable in the worst sense possible. First course, winter veg bruschetta top with with. She received her with cheese. So we asked for one without. The bread wasn't toasted very well, so that made it a little hard to eat. Good flavor though.Second course, I had the sweet potato and goat cheese tatin accompanied by a small arugula salad. It was eh..ok.... My friend had the blue corn fritters wit green chili sauce. The fritters was still raw in the middle and had no flavor. The sauce wasn't bad, but it would have been better if it was smooth rather than chunky.Next, I had the whole wheat pasta with house made portobella and seitan sausage with roasted brussle sprouts and topped with parmesan cheese. The pasta was very thick, tough and undercooked. The sausage was dry and flavorless. As if it had been seating under the heat lamp for too long after it was sliced. The Brussels were over cooked and mushy. The cheese was the better part of the dish. The entire dish lacked seasoning.My friend had the veg ragu; kale, mushrooms, potatoes and tempe. Again lacked flavor and was just boring. Last course, vegan chocolate with rich chocolate sauce and a very unpleasant Orange cream filling. Apple crepes filled with what looked like house made Apple sauce, topped with few berries and whipped cream. I was looking forward to perhaps some sauteed apples or a compote of some sort. Something with texture. The Apple sauce was a terrible decision. We are not picky eaters. We just know good food when we have it. We both believe that if the dishes were seasoned well and prepared properly, the meal would have great. We will not likely go back.
4	I love when new and different places open in Charlotte; it validates that we're a young, growing city on the rise.  Fern's decor is just what you'd expect from a vegetarian restaurant: welcoming and earthy, but not overly granola.  I'm sure this statement will come to bite me in the meat-eating rear when I can't flag down a waiter the next time I'm out, but the servers were almost TOO helpful.  We had a few different ones come to our table to introduce themselves, educate us on the juice menu, and just generally welcome us to Fern before we even ordered.  I like an attentive wait staff, but chill out there a bit, peeps.The place was packed, which is a huge coup for lunch.  Although I easily found something I wanted to order, I wish there'd been more options on the lunch menu.  I previewed the online menu before heading over there, and a few of the key dishes that I was hoping to try are apparently only served at dinner.  That being said, what I had was delicious.  The flavors were like that brooding ex-boyfriend: deep and intense, and I mean that in the best way.  Between my friend and I, we ordered the bruschetta of the day (mushrooms and wonderfulness), the buddha bowl, and the om burger.  The toasted bruschetta bread was simultaneously crunchy and perfectly chewy; we seriously licked the plate clean, fighting over who got the last little bites.  The om burger was richly flavorful and the root  veggie chips were well seasoned, with some crispy and some chewy.  My friend loved her buddha bowl, although I thought it was a bit bland.The folks from Something Classic have proved their range and skills extend to the meat-free variety.  Well done!
4	After driving past (because of no outdoor signage that's lit), we finally arrived at Fern around 8:30 on Saturday night.  We made our grand entrance through some curtains, stepping right into the dining room and angering the customers nearby who received the cold gust of wind that followed us in.  (They really need a waiting area/host stand and something more than curtains to block the outside from coming inside.)  We were asked if we had a reservation.  We didn't really think we needed one since it was getting pretty late in the evening for dinner, but apparently it's a very good idea.  Who knew it would be so crowded?  So we made a reservation at that point with the owner and we said we'd come back around 9.  We walked a little ways up the street for a drink at Midwood Smokehouse while we waited.  We came back around 9, angering customers near the doorway again.  We were taken to a room outside of the dining room which appeared to be the waiting room for Something Classic Catering with a view of the kitchen.  There were a couple of makeshift tables set up in this room for dining guests which seemed a bit tacky because you were basically seated in a hallway.  I would not have been pleased to have been seated there if I were them.  We were brought water (cucumber water?) by one of the servers while we waited, which was really nice.  Then that same server asked if we wanted to try their warm sangria while we waited.  We figured they were being extra accommodating to us since we were being asked to wait for a table even longer.  The server brought out these huge mugs with warm sangria which was kind of like a hot mulled cider.  It tasted pretty good, but wasn't something I would normally order.  After we were brought to our table, we were given two copies of their extended past-the-date Queen's Feast menu and only one copy of their regular menu.  Our server politely informed us that they were out of the panini sandwich.  We didn't really want the 3-course meal (actually 4-course here) options, so we had to pass the one regular menu back and forth to share.  We decided we'd share an app and then both get bowls of soup and the only other entree on the menu besides the panini, the veggie burger.  We ordered and then were informed by the server that they just ran out of the veggie burgers, too.  Huh.  So both entree options were gone, leaving us with just soup, apps, and salad.  I found this very ironic at a vegetarian restaurant.  I'm forever reading complaints from vegetarians that restaurants don't have enough veggie options besides salads and here at a vegetarian restaurant, I see the same thing.  We ordered the Indian tacos as an app, bowls of the squash soup, and two salads.   At first I thought the Indian tacos would have a curry flavor, but upon closer inspection of the menu before we ordered, I was excited to see that they were actually Native American tacos, made from fry bread, a delicacy we had recently discovered out in Phoenix.  And they were really delicious!  I'd definitely recommend them to anyone, especially if they've never tried fry bread.  The squash soup was delicious, too.  It was very flavorful and came with some tasty toasted pumpkin seeds on top.  Last was our salad (our substitute entree).  It looked like Bibb lettuce with feta cheese, cold cubed roasted squash, and more pumpkin seeds.   It was delicious, but was pretty small for the $12 price tag.  Luckily, we were pretty full already from the tacos and soup.  While we ate, I watched the people at certain tables every time the door opened and they were blasted with the gust of cold air.  They were not having a good time, and I was glad we weren't seated at one of those tables (or the ones out in the hallway!).  Our server delivered our bill and we were a little (but not too) surprised to find the warm sangria on there at $8 a cup.  We thought it was being given to us a nice, warm gesture, but apparently it was just a sneaky way to upcharge the bill.  (Be forewarned!)  That's when I sucked down the rest of it to get our money's worth.I think Fern is still going through its growing pains and we hope they make some changes that would really make a fantastic restaurant option, including redefining their dining room spacing and breezeway issue, offering more vegetarian options other than salad and/or not running out of both entree choices (!), and not offering an $8 drink as a "sample" and then charging for it.    The food options we did experience were delicious, though.
4	I was skeptical going in, thinking I'd need to stop for dinner on the way home.  The cucumber water is great, and very refreshing.  The Tribal Tacos, though not necessarily taco-ish in the traditional sense, we're delicious.  The OM burger, which I didn't have, is on my list of dishes to try soon, because it looked delicious and reportedly was.The dessert was on another level.  The vegan chocolate cake was hands down one of the best cakes I've ever had, vegan or otherwise.
3	Gave Indian tacos a try and they were just ok. Maybe I will return and try some of the other recommended entrees.
4	My better half and I came here for dinner during restaurant week and were pleasantly surprise that there wasn't a wait for a table. We were also lucky enough to have visited on half price bottle of wine night, which in my book equals buy one get one free!Our server was very friendly and attentive and helped us navigate the menu and figure out how much we should order so that we didn't have left overs, which we didn't because everything was delicious! The ambiance was intimate and inviting and I absolutely love the handcrafted chandelier that added an artist, warm lighting.Dear Fern, I will be back for more!
4	Fern is a lovely little restaurant with an intimate and charming atmosphere. The atmosphere was planned very well, right down to the silverware. There is also a nice little patio area with a roof.All their food is vegetarian and most can be made vegan by request. They have a rather small menu, however the items on there have all be delicious every time. They also have a decent beer and wine selection.The wait staff are very nice people. They are not only attentive but personable as well. Fern is a lovely place to visit or go for a date.
3	Finally made it out to Fern recently for a lunch date, and my experience there was pretty good, not great.First, they deserve credit for the way they managed to decorate the place.  Much like Bistro La Bon, they've taken a strip mall location and make the interior into a warm and inviting atmosphere.The cucumber water was a nice touch, and the staff were all friendly.We ordered an appetizer and two mains.  The app choice was the baby cakes, which is kind of Fern's take of a latke, or potato pancake, except it's made with different vegetables.  It should have been good, but it was way, way too salty.  After the first couple bites, the saltiness was overwhelming and it made the dish basically inedible.  This app came with three patties, and my wife and I each took one.  The third was left on the service plate, totally untouched.  I told the waitress about the saltiness and she said perhaps it was a problem with that batch.  However, they left it on the bill.  I didn't say anything more about it, but I was kind of surprised by that.My wife's main dish was a beet pasta.  It was rich and delicious, and looked as good as it tasted.  I thought the highlight of that dish was the use of figs.  Very good stuff.I got the Om Burger, which is basically a veggie burger.  I thought it was more than decent, but not exceptional.  It was a bit on the bland side, if it weren't for the delicious smoked tomatoes incorporated into the burger patty, this dish would have been in trouble.  Again, over-saltiness was an issue, but not in an outrageous way as with the baby cakes.  On the side, the root vegetable chips were tasty indeed.  I could eat a bucket of those.So, over all, a bit of a mixed experience.  I'll be back to try it again, and hope for the four and five star experience other yelpers have had.
5	Just wanted to give this place a shoutout because I had reservations with them yesterday.  It was my first time and I was so excited that I had invited 8 ffriends.  Evidently there was a car accident outside of their restaurant and they lost power.  They called me as soon as it happened to let me know and give me ample time to find somewhere else to eat.  I just thought that was very respectable and made me happy considering it was my birthday and it would've been a disaster to have everyone show up there and not know what to do.Thanks Fern!  I will definitely be back very soon!
3	Being a vegetarian and living in Charlotte, I was thrilled to find out about this place. I've eaten 2 lunches, both very nice and one dinner. Overall the flavors are great, but I don't connect with the place. I've always left a little hungry and thought it was a little too expensive. I don't mind spending money on quality food, but don't think you should leave hungry for the amount you spend. So, it's not a place that I'd go regularly. Although, I'm in that area almost daily. Great food, better for lunch than dinner and if you're not a vegetarian, I think you'd be even more disappointed.My mark for a good vegetarian restaurant is that your meat eater friends love it as well. Sorry, but glad others are liking it.
4	I love going to Fern! Their restaurant decor is very unique, and the food is amazing. It's nice to be able to eat out at a restaurant where you know that a lot (if not most) of their food is locally grown, organic and just plain delicious!! Staff is friendly and enthusiastic about what they have to offer. If you can, make a reservation...the place is fairly small and fills up quickly.The cucumber-infused water is one of my favorites!!
3	Ok, ok....Many of my friends would be surprised that I have actually eaten at a place like Fern, but my beautiful wife is a vegetarian and I actually enjoy a little veggie-friendly food. Here are the positives: The service is great. Every is so friendly and willing to help you. What a welcoming feeling to have a smiling face seat you and take care of you during your entire stay. The food: GREAT. I was thrilled by the bread used for my veggie burger. Great toppings, fresh, crisp, some local ingredients and what a package of flavors. INDIAN TACOS. All I can say is if you don't get them, you'll be missing out heavily. What an amazing dish. Trying to recreate at home is an ongoing project for my wife and me. Love cucumber water as well. Nice to see that they execute this well. Also, not my style, but the decor is pretty much what I would consider "Martha Stewart's treehouse." Mason Jars hanging from the ceiling, hanging planters on the wall, kitschy sliver ware....Nice if it's your style. Not I.They also have a huge kitchen to work out of. Fern shares space with a catering company, so there are lots of other things happening behind the facade oft he restaurant. Pretty interesting. The negatives: Parking. What a nightmare. Not only does their lot back up to Central Ave, but it's in horrible condition. I felt like I was going to damage someone else's vehicle or my own. More outdoor seating needed. This location is prime for some more outdoor seating. The bathroom is also tucked WAAAAAYYY in the back of the building. Pack a lunch. All in all, not my ideal restaurant, but the flavors were incredibly intriguing. If they get some seating and parking issues worked out, it could be a pretty big Plaza/Elizabeth staple. Cheers.
4	A comfortable, quiet dining area is a welcome change from the everyday experience.  The staff is helpful and ready to make you comfortable and satisfied whether you are a practicing vegan or just experimenting.
5	Fern exhibited the three things most important to me in a restaurant: Excellent and interesting cuisine, attentive and knowledgeable staff and a unique atmosphere.  Small and cozy, Fern's nature inspired interior was welcoming right off the bat.  Each table was adorned with a little mason jar terrarium and artful silver, making this a really neat date spot.  We started with the Fern Bruschetta, which is the only thing I wouldn't recommend due to the sogginess of the bread.  But their local kombucha followed it up nicely.The main courses were fantastic.  The Arugula and Smoked Trumpet Mushroom salad was by far the most interesting and enjoyable salad I've yet had.  When I asked the server about the mushrooms, she was very knowledgeable and friendly, and all of the staff seemed to have a genuine interest in the menu items and their ingredients.  The OM Burger, as many others have said, was also delectable.  The crisp, light bun made it for me, and the flavor was great.  I'd definitely recommend Fern, it was perfect for a lunch date and worth every penny.
4	The food is phenomenal! The decorating is unique and really cool! The service is snooty!!
5	Goodness I love Fern. I'm so glad it's in Charlotte. The food is so good that my meat-eating parents left full and without complaint about their vegetarian meal. The food is creative and with variety. Some dishes are clearly with an Indian influence, others lean towards southern or south of the border.For dessert, we tried the vegan chocolate cake, which was so good, my parents couldn't believe it was made without dairy!Go here, bring your friends. Aside from the food, the decor is also adorable - mason jars line the ceiling, and there are ferns planted into the wall. It's just the best. Charlotte should have more places like this one.
2	As a vegan I want to love this place. I want to climb on rooftops and point everyone to what could be the best veg restaurant in town but sadly, it's not and I won't. I've been to Fern four times now and I feel that's a fair shot for any place. Three dine-ins and one takeout. The OM burger for takeout - without a doubt is awesome and for that I give them 5 stars. Too bad the rest doesn't make up for it. Since their initial opening I will say the prices seem to be more reasonable and the portions have become enough to sate hungry eaters - kudos for fixing those two things. However, the food is still rather bland to me. Last night we shared a "Choose 3" appetizer of hummus, fire relish and vegan tofu feta. The hummus is fine but not anything you can't get in a zillion other places. The relish, while decent, certainly wasn't in anyway "fiery". The tofu feta - mmmm, raw cubed tofu. Fail. The crackers served had too many seasonings and hid the flavor of the dips. The bread was sorta toasted, sorta not and wasn't a great texture. My dining companion chose the Laughing Buddha Bowl and I had the Tacos for our entrees. The Bowl is good but it also appears to be some random stuff thrown in a bowl with no real cohesion. Companion also mentioned "You make better thrown together meals than this." The tacos - what the hell. The breading is good but, I don't recall ever having bad fried dough. The bean spread was absolutely flavorless and required copious amounts of salt to make it palatable. Far too few veggies and where was some salsa or avocados? Service - Initially the service was great. Our waitress was friendly and on top of us to order. Our drinks and appetizer arrived quickly. The appetizer dishes were removed promptly and it was a normal wait for entrees. So far so good. However, once our entrees were delivered we didn't see our waitress until it was time to pick up the check (that another waitress had to bring). I would have requested some hot sauce or anything to make the tacos a bit better. I imagine the waitress was in the back rolling silverware or other closing duties but that's no excuse to not check in on your tables. I really don't anticipate going back other than to grab an OM burger. To go
5	A happy accident: We discovered this place by accident and glad we did. Had brunch on a Saturday and completely loved it. I'm not a vegetarian and enjoyed it. Muffins and jam were delightful. Drinks were excellent and most of all the food was yummy. Leftovers the next day made we want to return soon.
5	The boyfriend and I went to Fern last night because he's got some food allergies and vegan is really the best way to go. We got: roasted cauliflower, veggie latkes and the bruschetta for appetizers. Bruschetta was the best of the three followed by the cauliflower and the latkes. The cauliflower came with this pepper pistachio brittle and it was an amazing flavor combination. The pieces of brittle were big though so I had to break them up because I wanted a bit with each bite. For dinner the boyfriend got the OM burger and I got the indian bread tacos. We were so full that we each only ate a little bit of dinner and took the rest home. Both were awesome at the time and we ate the rest for breakfast today. Still awesome.Though we were completely stuffed, we got the chocolate coconut cake for dessert. Since the boyfriend is allergic to eggs, vegan desserts are always a toss up but you know what? It was moist, rich and amazing. We'll be back for brunch soon!
5	Aw, Fern. You are so charming. And gush worthy. I love steak so I can never eat at Fern for every meal but the decor, service and menu all hit a sweet (if not meaty) spot. Ugh that was awful-sorry folks. The serve delicious cucumber - so refreshing. Munch on the Om burger, Fried Squash Blossoms and Indian Tacos.
4	I have been to Fern on two occasions.  First off, the ambiance inside is super cute and delightful.  We were there early and were easily seated.  My first experience was dinner on a Thursday night (half price bottle of wine) and brunch on Saturday.  Dinner was amazing and deserves five stars.  My friend and I split the green gazpacho soup (I'm still dreaming about it) and seitan meatballs.  Both of our main courses (Indian Tacos & Laughing Buddha Bowl) were delicious and left us feeling very satisfied.  Overall, I felt the value of the meal was well worth it.Next, I brought my husband there for brunch.  For the price, I didn't think that the brunch was deserving.  It was good, but I was hoping for something more interesting. I will definitely be back at Fern, but  just for lunch and dinner.
1	Fern,  it's over. You messed up my OM burger and we're now officially over. Grabbed OM to go yesterday and the patty wasn't cooked all the way through. Hell, it was barely warmed. And with that, I'll be spending my overpriced sandwich funds elsewhere. Bummer.
4	The Queen City seriously lacks vegetarian options, but Fern surely makes an impact to fill this gap. Reservations are highly recommended. Walked in once and there was no room...not even to wait, unless hovering over a dining patron counts. Second time, we knew better and got a table with our name on it. The food is good. We started with a cheese plate. Nice selection and well presented. The food was very flavorful and made with fresh ingredients. The cucumber water added a nice, refreshing touch.The service was good, attentive, and friendly. Like others mentioned, to make this even more of a perfect experience, there are a couple things I'd recommend. When you walk in, if it's windy or cold (yes, it's been a season or two since I was here), it all comes in with you and you get stares from everyone. It would be great if they installed a revolving door. Like I said earlier, there's no waiting area (who knew they'd be in such demand?) due to maximizing the dining area.Overall, great experience and fresh eats designed to please everyone in your party!
3	I recently tried Fern, Flavors from the Garden, a purely vegetarian restaurant on Central Avenue. My mom was very excited to bring my grandmother here since she keeps Kosher and does not eat meat when she goes out. Fern is owned by the Something Classic / Halcyon folks. Halcyon is on my "to-try" list and Something Classic is great for lunch - love their new location on East Blvd. and their awesome take-home products and baked goods. Fern's dining room is fairly small, with plants (including ferns of course!) providing a calming decor. Hanging mason jars add to the homey, farm-inspired ambience.Our experience with Fern was mixed. We wanted to much to love this place but we ended up leaving feeling disappointed. Of course this is based on one meal and I would like to try more of the menu items offered but first impressions mean a lot. Our party of three tried several things, taking recommendations from our somewhat aloof server.The highlight for me was the fresh Fern salad with cashews and a delicious herbed vinaigrette. Suggestion: serve some bread on the side. With the addition of avocado and cheese (available to add at additional charge) and some good bread, this would really hit the spot. The roasted cauliflower was my second favorite menu item we tried. The pistachio-pepper brittle added a nice sweet crunch and the squash/sun-dried tomato purees provided additional highlights. You can sense the chef's creativity here, which I appreciate.The disappointments came with the veggie burger and the eggplant/zucchini parmesan. To me the veggie burger was just not that flavorful. I've had veggie burgers made with nuts that tasted so much better. Also the bun was so huge you could not eat this as a burger. I ended up giving half the bun to my mom (to have with her salad) and cutting the rest with a fork. This could easily be fixed with a smaller bun. The NC Hoop cheddar did add a nice flavor to the burger so if you are not vegan I definitely suggest cheese. The quinoa salad tasted like quinoa with lemon juice to me - the balance of flavors was off.The eggplant/zucchini parmesan sounded so delicious but there were a couple of problems. First, grandma had a really hard time cutting it up in the bowl it was originally served in. The problem was that the eggplant skin was tough to cut and getting to it in the bowl was difficult. We finally asked the waiter to put the dish on a plate which he hesitated to do because "it would ruin the presentation". Well.... since she could not eat it that way I don't think the presentation really mattered anymore! The dish was also underspiced to me and although there was ample cheese it did not seem well incorporated with the dish - either you got a huge chunk of cheese or veggies with tomato sauce.There are several other menu items I'd like to try at Fern including the beet tagliatelle and the Tribal tacos as well as the arancini. There is really a wide variety here so hopefully next time we will have better luck with the food. In May a Farmer Dinner was offered which sounds fun as well - perhaps they will offer this again soon.
5	I love Fern. The food is innovative, unique, delicious, and filling... a combination that is hard to come by in many vegetarian restaurants. I love that they use local ingredients as much as possible, and the menu changes with the seasons. The Indian Tacos and Beet Tagliatelle are a hands down favorite, and hubby enjoys the Om burger, which is massive! The Buddha Bowl is another go to dish that never fails to impress. The decor is just plain fun. It is also a great spot to drop in and order a juice from, especially with the lack of raw juice bars in Charlotte. Despite the absence of a kid's menu, the staff has always been wonderful and kind when we bring our 4 year old daughter along. The soups are delicious, and make the perfect serving size for her dinner.We have yet to try any of Fern's desserts, but if positive exclamations from nearby tables are any indication, they are delicious indeed. :-)We have also brought both sets of our parents to eat at Fern. Both my family and his are meat-lovers, and they were pleasantly surprised at how much they enjoyed the vegetarian fare, with compliments rather than complaints.
5	Fern is a Gluten Free or Vegans dream! Amazing food and great service. I can't highly recommend this enough. Encourage all to check out this local treat. Try the GF biscuit and you won't be disappointed. Also brunch specials!
5	OH VEGETARIANS GATHER!  VEGANS LINK HANDS!  Let's sing and dance around Fern!Hey you meaty folks will dig this too.Here is how it all went own.Husband- rocked the budda bowlMe- Ragout Ap- Squash blossom goodnessIt was fresh, perfectly prepared, and it was my birthday dinner out, and a total DEE_light (groove is in the heaaaarttttt!)
4	YUM!Squash blossom hushpuppies followed by warm kale, fried goat cheese and beet salad, and a house made white bean burger with potaoes on the side.  Delish!  Loved sitting outside on the cute but small patio-- great people watching!  Love the cucumber water.The veggie burger, while delicious, was way too big to eat as a burger.  The dipping sauce for the squash blossom hushpuppies was a bit disappointing.Service was great.  Patio is cute; interior is small but quaint.
4	On a scale from 1 to 10 (1 being vegetarian, 10 being carnivore), I'd say I'm about a 6.5.  I love my vegetables, but I'd be lying to you all if I didn't confess my love and need for protein of the meat variety! For whatever reason, I just don't feel FULL or totally satisfied without it.  So you can see I had my concerns. To my fellow omnivores, if you enjoy food, you will enjoy Fern.  Simple as that.  The food was outstanding and I can't wait to try more of the menu.We began with the bruschetta of the day, which was sinful charred garlic bread topped with asparagus, muscadine grapes, warm kale, pumpkin and I think it was Parmesan.  Holy deliciousness.  It was fabulous. Four pieces quickly vanished between the two of us.  Trying to keep it on the light side, I opted for the Warm Kale salad which is not the least bitter, as kale can be, with beets, carrots, and the best fried goat cheese I have ever had (so much for keeping it light....whatever).  I would order this again in an instant.  I sampled my friend's summer tomato tart, which was equally as divine.  The tomatoes literally burst in your mouth.  My glass of chenin blanc (my recent wine obsession) was also spot on.I left the restaurant totally satisfied and feeling good! I can't wait to be back. And yes, the cucumber infused water is insanely thirst quenchingly delicious.
2	It must be an acquired taste. I haven't acquired it.
5	I am totally obsessed. When my fiance and I were first dating, he was on the "steak a night" diet. If you had told me three years down the road, he would be eating a roasted pumpkin "filet" and oohing and ahhing over it, I may have dropped dead on the spot. Seriously delicious food, even for omnivores like me!!
5	Loved, loved loved Fern.  The tacos are fantastic along with all their other food.  It is fresh and moving from the NY area is just as good as some of the restaurants up north.
5	Amazing! they really know how to cook tofu! the food is very flavorful and the restaurant decor is cool, fern  on a wall piece!
4	After listening to an omnivore rave up and down about this place, we decided to make this our first meal in Charlotte.  Initial impression is that this place is way cute - styled to somehow resemble a cozy little earthy dining room I guess?  Very "fern-like" and I think this would be a fantastic date spot.  Sadly they were out of the particular wine we had in mind, bummer!  It being half-off wine night, our server suggested a bottle of something not yet listed.  I can't recall the name, but it wasn't terribly good, sorry to confess.  And I think it was notably pricier than what we originally selected . . . No big deal because the leeks appetizer ended up being glorious! I was almost sad about the modest sizing of the portion as we hastily gobbled down the leeks pieces drown in various delicious sauces.  My entree, the the BBQ tempeh steak was not very aptly named as the pieces were more like modest tempeh slices.  Seemingly steamed and coated in an more unique BBQ sauce - sweetest, maybe heavy on the fruit content?  It was good, but definitely not the best tempeh I've ever had.  The accompanying green grits and braised greens with sorghum vinaigrette were also nice, but I almost felt like I could have made much tastier versions myself (not that I'm an awesome cook, almost the opposite).  The serving size was ample for a nice and satisfying meal, but I resisted gobbling down everything on my plate because I wanted to imbibe in the hand pies - which we ordered to go, as it was getting super late and we didn't want to be "those people keeping the restaurant staff from their homes."  The hand pies were good, but the candied pistachios were what I was totally in love with.  My companion had the zucchini ramen dish, which he proclaimed was surprisingly tasty.  I think he didn't know what to expect, mostly.  I nibbled a bit at the dried salty seaweed flakes, which are indeed super pungent (as per our server), but quite good.  Since this is like a 3.5 experience, I'll go ahead and 4-star it.  I wouldn't mind trying Fern again, but it didn't quite blow my mind.  I feel like I would have been more enamored with another entree selection.
1	yelp!  help!  pls save plaza midwood from this overpriced pretentious excuse for fine vegetarianism!  pot pie:  served in tiny bowl with bland vegetables topped with a burnt croissant!  it's a value for $11!om burger:  ok. but got overcharged on bill. 3 different confused servers. our "waitress" basically sat in my boyfriends lap the entire time. the servers were annoying and overly lame in excessive special speech. insisted on giving other table our food, in which the other diner was a second away from enjoying a bite before it was whisked onto our table.  touched the tops of the beer bottles we were drinking from. unprofessional. confused. slow. hope you like cucumber water!seriously charge like a few dollars less per plate, get some consistent quality and some decent servers and stop taking yr self so seriously!
4	Tried a few different options here om burger was the best. Cozy place. Nice light fixtures. It's more upscale than I would've thought. Ill be back.
4	Though not much has changed with bathrooms or the parking since my last review, but I have a few factors that bump up my thoughts on Fern per my last visit. Queen's Feast drew us in with the menu lineup for the week and boy, oh boy, was it incredible. Big bonus for several of the items landing on the regular menu, too. Deconstructed onion soup. Whoa. Great broth, incredible flavor. Savory, a hint of sweet, and the presentation makes it rather fun. The server pours the hot broth over the dry/veg ingredients in the bowl and then mixes all together. The parm crackers served with are wonderful. My first experience with their "chicken and waffles" and I'm a believer. The fried tofu could probably fool firm chicken nugget lovers into thinking it as meat. The waffle and spicy syrup -- magic. Huge plus for having some leftover 12oz bottles of Highland Cold Mountain. We drained a few, which worked nicely with the meal. Looking forward to working Fern in more regularly. Next up: Brunch.
4	Wow, what a great find.  I'm not a vegetarian, but this place makes me feel like I could be!  I've never had meatless food with so much flavor.  My girlfriend is a self proclaimed "pescatarian," so she was excited to find a menu with so many options for her.She had a vegetable ramen soup with a that had a great broth.  Not being the most well versed vegetarian, I went with the veggie burger.  It was a well seasoned/marinated tofu patty topped with all the usual suspects.  It was super fresh and tastier than expected.  I added goat cheese that was well worth the $2 up charge and had a side of fingerling potatoes to go with it for additional up charge ($4?).  The potatoes were great, but it would have been nice to get a small side with the burger.  A small pasta or potato salad maybe?  That was my only gripe really.  Paying $15 for a burger and side is pricey.They had a $3 growler pour from a local brewery, which I took full advantage of.  The food was good, service was attentive and they had a beer special on Friday night.  I will be returning without a doubt.
5	Only had brunch here but I was thoroughly impressed. My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict and it was out of this world. I had the vegan chorizo scramble and it was incredible. I'd recommended it to non-vegans such as myself as well
5	Excellent.  We had a couple of appetizers and split an om burger and a Buddha bowl.  The meatballs were delicious, and they added seitan to give it a gristle texture. The green goddess soup was ginger carrot, delicious. The buddha bowl was awesome, the miso broth sauce was great. The om burger had a great texture and a delicious smoky flavor. For a vegetarian foodie, this is a great place to go. I got some inspiration for my own cooking.
4	I've been wanting to try this vegetarian place for a while and I'm glad I finally got around to it. My friend and I shared the red chile tempeh tacos which comes with Indian fry bread and crumbled tempeh. Very good and more than enough for 2 people sharing items. We also had the Moroccan tangine which had a really wonderful orange and cilantro flavor that lingered in your mouth. This dish tastes really good with the toasted pitas they provide although 3 tiny little squares was not enough. We asked for more and scooped up the rest of that lovely dish. Next was the huge bowl of signature ramen. Don't think noodles when you see this on the menu. It's made with zucchini noodles, mushrooms and tofu. They also give you some fried seaweed crumbles to put on top. Very good on a cold night. We also both had freshly made juices that were a nice addition to the meal. For dessert we shared these awesome, warm beignets filled with chocolate that were served in a brown paper bag dusted with lots of powdered sugar. They were accompanied with some raspberry sauce that I ended up licking from the plate. Needless to say, they were yummy! I will be back!
4	Beautiful chill interior vibe and nice, knowledgable waiter vegan brother. $2 beer special was a nice surprise .. But the big winner was the beet appetizer that tasted like tuna sashimi -- CRAZY. Bruschetta was amazing. Order Both. Eggplant park was pretty good but lacked a little flavor , but I asked for some hot sauce and that helped, but I wouldn't order it again. The Buddha Bowls looked good, prob should have ordered that. Pear salad was excellent. All in all a creative chef with fun vegan choices for Charlotte. Def worth it.
2	I had really high hopes for Fern, a place touted by my veg friends as fervently as evangelists. But I've gotta say, meh. The menu descriptions are fantastic, and I should've gone for the Buddha Bowl, but instead I was lured by the sound of mushroom bacon. Disappointed, which should surprise no one (but me). Similar ehs from everyone around the table. I tried to spice things up with the housemade hot sauce, but that wasn't even hot, just salty. I loved the service, knowledgeable staff and friendly, cozy vibe. But I won't be going back for the food.
1	Bland food but worse than that was the poor attitude and uncaring staff.  After taking a cab from the Ritz-Carlton to Fern just to try their food  -- what we received was food that was very bland in taste and heavy on salt.  Myself and my wife ate less than 10% of our meals and the waitress never asked to see how we liked our food.  The manager finally came to ask how we were doing.  After explaining the situation she never even attempted to correct the situation or offer reparations.  I highly recommend avoiding this place especially if you are in the uptown area as there are so many good restaurants with excellent staff in this area.  Very disappointing.
4	This is a wonderful vegan and vegetarian restaurant that also offers raw juices and gluten-free options. I don't think you can go wrong with any dish you order. I went for brunch and ordered the 'Chicken' and Waffles. The waffles are made of sweet potato glazed with warm maple syrup and topped with the 'chicken', which is tofu breaded like real fried chicken with a bit of a spicy zing leaving your mouth watering for more is placed on top. Parking is limited, they don't take reservations and the wait is pretty long if you don't get there before the typical meal rush hours.
5	Maybe it was the mood I was in, but I really don't think love is too strong a word to describe my feelings about Fern.  We live in Raleigh and I sure wish we had a place like this here.  I'd happily pay $8 for a juice smoothie that healthy and good.  And bless them, they made me love Kale Chips.  Both my husband and I had the Spinach Fritata with marinated Tofu.. really freakin' good.  Cucumber water... mmmm.... made me so happy this place did.
1	I may need to give this restaurant another try!  Shortly after it opened, a young vegetarian friend decided we would eat there.  We arrived some time in the late afternoon.  The door was open, and a tv was on, as if the place was open.  But NO ONE was there!  We walked in and after a few minutes we realized that the place  seemed to be empty!  I became concerned about this because of the door being open, television on,etc.  I was worried that maybe there had been a robbery or that someone was ill or injured.  I actually walked into the back of the restaurant looking for signs of life and calling out.  The place  REALLY was  EMPTY!  I was still concerned because there were computers and potentially other things that could be stolen!  We hung around for a while just to see if anyone would return, and no one did.  Eventually we went into the business next door(some kind of gardening center) and made them aware that this restaurant was" wide open and empty" .  They seemed duly unimpressed , and I'm assuming it never got robbed because I didn't hear anything on the news.  I guess I should have notified the police when I found it unattended and empty.  Anyway, I never went back so consequently never tried their food!  I live in that general area, and I think I will make another attempt to eat there.  I hope they are now more safety conscious!
4	If you are vegetarian or vegan Fern is an excellent choice for a good place to eat.  My wife is vegan, so I've eaten at Fern several times with her.  Even though I'm not vegetarian I've always been pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality of food served at Fern.  Some of their dishes are quite unique and make it worth eating at Fern.
5	Let me preface this by saying I'm a total foodie and that one of my favorite things in life is to try out new (to me) restaurants. As a result, I'm easily at a new (to me) place at least once a week, often more so than that. Why am I telling you all of this? Because you need the context when I say - BEST RESTAURANT I HAVE TRIED IN THE PAST YEAR.  (Further context - in the past year, I've been in NYC, San Diego, Seattle, New Orleans, Nashville, Washington DC, and various parts of North Carolina and Virginia. And this place is better than anything I've tried in any of the aforementioned locations. It is THAT good.)The first thing I noticed upon walking in was the ambiance and decor. The decor is simple, yet elegant, and just absolutely beautiful. I loved the mason jar "chandeliers" and the vertical garden. Secondly, the menu is almost all vegan and none of the "faux meat" crap that you see in so many vegan restaurants. Though they have a veggie burger, it's a mix of real veggies versus a pile of processed junk. Fern really highlights the vegetables. From what I understand, they are all local and organic. The menu is very creative and there truly seems to be something for everyone. Finally, and most importantly, the food was outstanding. I had the tofu po'boy - the bun was soft on the inside, crispy on the outside, and appeared to be lightly grilled. The sprinkle of multi-colored sesame seeds added a nice little crunch and flavor. The cole-slaw on the inside absolutely made the sandwich. Mindblowingly delicious. Creamy and full of flavor. I would slather on everything. I also ordered the kale salad with beets to go. Lots of texture and flavor. I was too full for dessert, but next time I'm in Charlotte, I will be in Fern every single day.
5	Amazing zucchini "noodle" soup. Friendly, low-key. The soup was delicious, and especially was healthy in addition - a hard combo to come by. The "noodles" were zucchini sliced into long strips like noodles, then it had delicious vegetables and was topped with amazing coconut milk foam. Highly recommended!
4	I had a little trouble with the website but when I called the guy who answered was extremely helpful. Menu is hard to find on the website (it's above the brunch menu) but once you find it go get the Om burger. So delicious! I got it with the kale chips and it was a good decision. I can't wait to try more from Fern. Next time I will go and sit down because the atmosphere is awesome.
4	Went here for a work lunch today and we were all very surprised. none of us heard of it so when the one lady suggested it we just went along. None of us knew it was vegetarian but we all found something we liked. We got hummus and the bruschetta for appetizers and they were VERY good. Lots of flavor for vegetarian food. I got the flat bread pizza and it was so good. I did get a choice of a side and I saw in some of the other reviews someone mentioned they weren't given a choice but we all were, so maybe this is something they added on? overall very good food, and very unique atmosphere. you really relax with how the place was designed with the "breathing" walls I like to call them, they have plants in a trough type thing on the walls VERY cool. they serve cucumber water which is SO refreshing. I'd def give this place a try for something different if your tired of the same old burger joints.
5	Amazing! We found this place while in Charlotte. Being a Vegan newbies we were a bit curious. Everything was wonderful and the atmosphere was very relaxing.
5	When I want to shock my omnivorous friends with uh-mazing vegetarian food, I take them to Fern! Many, many times I have heard die-hard meat-eaters rave about how delicious their "Buddha Bowl" is or how surprised they are about the textures and flavors in their "Om Burger".Well done, Fern. You make us vegetarians proud!
1	I really wanted to like this place as it's right in my hood and serves up some healthy options. After numerous friends recommended we give it a shot, my wife and I decided to check it out for brunch. We sat outside and enjoyed both the vibe, the service, the cocktails, the muffins and fresh jam (the highlight sadly).  Unfortunately the main dishes were a huge disappointment. We shared chicken (tofu) and waffles and huevos rancheros and both missed the mark. We had heard chicken and waffles were a must try and it had great potential, but was ruined with a waffle that required a chainsaw to cut that tasted like cardboard (it was made with spelt). The tofu was somewhat interesting, though not very fried chicken like IMO, but without a solid waffle this dish was a fail. The huevos rancheros was boring, even with the added vegan cheese, and I doubt we will ever return.
4	The served us cucumber water when we were seated, and I ordered black coffee and a bloody mary. I had to - bloody mary's were $1! :) I loved the mason jars.I had the Quinoa & Spinach Benedict (with vegan hollandaise sauce so I could eat it! dairy-free for the win) and a gluten-free biscuit. I ordered 4 GF biscuits to go they were so good - denser than typical biscuits but still tasty. The food was delicious - even non-vegetarians would like this place! They had a cozy little covered patio too.
5	Who is not a fan of having a dining out experience and feeling good after?I finally had the chance to try this place. So yummy. I love the romantic lil ambiance ...simple, but elegant with rustic wooden tables, long linen curtains, light fixtures made out of mason jars. We shared the warm kale salad, OM burger and the peach cobbler. Salad was very good and different as it was warm... I really enjoyed the beet dressing. Something new! OM burger was fantastic! No bread needed. I wasn't jumping up and down about the dessert, but it wasn't sweet so it was good for diabetics.I went on a Thursday and they had 1/2 off bottles of wine! Always a plus :)
5	This place is awesome! Makes me proud to be a vegetarian. Awesome brews. Awesome food. Awesome service. Awesome ambiance. A plus plus plus experience!!!
1	NOT GLUTEN FREE DO NOT EAT IF YOU HAVE AN ALLERGY!This restaurant claims on their menu that certain items are gluten free, but during my visit there the chef AND manager both admitted they are in fact not.They almost put my friend in a hospital.Also, it is insulting how much they charge for food I could give my pet rabbits.
2	"Meh" is the best word to describe this restaurant. Having a good experience there is extremely hit or miss. I've been often enough because it's within walking distance of my house, but I'm sick of giving them my money. Service is slow, even when the place is empty, and most of the meals suffer from a lack of proper seasoning. This is a shame, because they do use quality ingredients, and the location/ambiance of the place is nice. The kale salad is *decent*, as is the veggie burger. Everything else I've ever ordered has been bland, uninspired, and not worth the money. A friend and I ate there today. I realized halfway through the meal that the kitchen staff forgot to put the cashews in my salad that are listed on the menu. The place was nearly empty and our server didn't bother to check on us after serving our meals until we were nearly finished eating. At that point, it wasn't worth my time/energy to complain so we paid and left. My friend and I both agreed that it'd be a waste of appetite and money to return. Good riddance. I'd like to see another veg place move into Plaza-Midwood and give these guys some competition. They need it.
3	I am admittedly a pretty big fan of meat but I went to Fern last night to be a little more accommodating to a vegan than having her eat a side salad somewhere while I stormed through a steak.We ordered cocktails, I had the Garden & Gun and she the Fellini.  Both cocktails were a little sweeter and less complex than I would like (by comparison we went to Soul afterwards where Kenan and Andy wrecked our faces with some delicious whiskey based drinks).She ordered the Ramen, which came out more like a giant bowl of soup than she was expecting.  I had the Southern-Style Succotash, the Tempeh Steak in this dish was extremely tasty.The service was great, and we probably should have quizzed out waiter more since I felt like I was ordering dinner on the moon.  All in all, Fern is probably pretty alright if you're sick of eating the one vegan/veggie item other restaurants have.
4	Had a meal with my dinner group here tonight, but have been here several times and am proud that Fern is in my neighborhood.  The cucumber water is refreshing, and I also enjoyed a nice fume blanc.I ordered the ginger fish and chips.  While I did not get a distinct ginger flavor, the tofu was delicious.  Several commented that the tofu looked like fish with its crispy breading.  The potatoes needed a smidge more flavor, but a little salt and pepper helped.I am never disappointed when I dine here.  Fern gives it a good go, and they consistently change the menu, becoming all the more creative.  At other restaurants, I have only a choice or two as a vegetarian. Here, I could order any entree and be well pleased.
4	Truly vegetarian!I became pescetarian by choice. I took almost an hour drive for dinner in Charlotte. And I discovered this place! This is a very decent veg restaurant. I enjoyed my dinner in their outside seatings. I liked all the items on their menu. I ordered fried rice with Tempe and Lima beans. It was fancy and well presented. At the same time, quite delicious. Do try one of their smoothies. I was pleasantly surprised by the presentation of the meal. I told waitresses that I feel like I am on a date with myself, which is great. The overall experience was great.The staff is friendly and very attentive. I could not ask more for a nice meal and better service. I think Friday night well spent with a good meal and walk in the Plaza midwood hood.I highly recommend this place.
5	Delicious.  I had the om burger and my friend had the Buddha bowl.  Both were fabulous.  Great spot!!
5	This place is truly magical. Everything on the menu looked amazing- all vegetarian, with several vegan and gluten-free options. The market street corn appetizer was a piece of art and delicious. Kale chip side was perfectly cooked and a very nice size. The ginger tofu and smashed potatoes "fish and chips" is a fun vegan spin on a classic, and the Squash Fillet is in a sauce that you'll remember forever. GREAT service. Adorable atmosphere with mason jar chandeliers and two live herb walls. I wish I lived here so we could go all the time!
4	My husband and I went here for Sunday brunch. The food was really delicious considering it was gluten and dairy free. I had the huevos rancheros and the hubs had an egg and "pot roast" hash. Both dishes had well-balanced flavor palates, and were surprisingly filling. We enjoyed the cute decor of the place and the wait staff was very friendly. I only have two complaints:1) there were some items on the menu that I asked about whether or not they were gluten-free. Two different servers weren't sure and had to go ask the kitchen. I feel that for such a specialized restaurant that boasts so many dishes to be dairy and gluten-free, the entire wait staff should be well-informed about all dishes. After all, a lot of their clientele are likely going to Fern for their alternative menu options. 2) this is perhaps a bit petty, but I find it very polarizing...most of the wait staff had VERY DIRTY HAIR. Now, I understand the whole organic/granola/healthy/hippie movement/most-people-shower-more-than-they-need-to thing, but come on! Wash your hair!! If you're serving me food, I don't want to be able to smell your dirty mop when you're walking toward me. Believe me, your delicious food and adorably earthy decor already speak volumes about how hipster y'all are. No need to underscore it by skipping the Pantene for a week. Just sayin.' Those two small issues aside, I fully intend to visit this little gem again in the future and have already recommended it to a lot of my health-conscious (AND freshly showered) friends. :)
4	Great girls dinner! I would not bring my husband, there is no meat whatsoever on the menu. The menu is updated seasonally, lots of options. Small but manageable wine list. The food was delicious. I had the kale salad and the Om burger. The OM burger was just a little dry but the salad was awesome and super filling! We splurged on dessert and so glad we did - wow, the gingerbread cake was to die for. Hope to be back soon!
3	Here's the thing...Fern does what they do quite well.  They have a great atmosphere that feels fresh and clean, modern and green (literally).  I can certainly appreciate a place that sources from local farmers, cooks "clean," caters to vegan/vegetarian diners, and takes pride in their unique menu options.Here's my opinion....they have some items that are excellent and well done for the vegan/vegetarian palate but they have other things that won't cut it even for the most adventurous grubber.Their flatbread was pretty good with seitan and "cheese."  I also liked their potato wedges.  They were basically really thick, hand-cut fries.  The homemade ketchup and hot sauce were kinda nasty and didn't quite do the trick for me.I also made the mistake of trying (based on the waitress' suggestion) the "squash fillet."  It looked like a piece of salmon that was laid on top of potatoes in a tomato "Cream" sauce.  The presentation was lovely but that's about as far as it went..The squash "fillet" was basically a hard piece of squash with zero flavor.  It was seriously gross.  I like spaghetti squash, butternut squash, zucchini squash but this fillet o squash that was posing like a salmon...not so much.I like Fern but I don't love them.  I think Charlotte lacks solid restaurants for people with special or alternative diets and so everyone tends to rave about Fern but truthfully there are a lot of things they could improve upon.  The service is okay but I have been twice now and both times I felt a twinge of pretentiousness upon arrival.  It is almost like you have to prove to the staff and the other diners that you are hipster enough and trendy enough to eat at this exclusive "club" of a restaurant.  Lame.  Plus it is SO quiet in there that it is almost awkward.  They may consider playing a little music so you don't feel like you are intruding on someone's dinner party when you enter.I also found the menu to be quite limiting.  I know they can't offer a diner-sized menu but there really weren't that many options in general and it didn't change much at all from the last time I was there which was over a year ago.Does Fern stand out as one of the nicer dining option in Charlotte if you are a vegan/vegetarian..YES.  If they get some real competition are they going to be everyone's favorite?  I don't think so.
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food!  I had the Sweet Potato Reuben and the fingerling potatoes.  I'm not vegetarian but I enjoy eating at any restaurant that puts out farm fresh foods. That's what I got from Fern. Only negative, it's a bit pricey.
1	Fern, Or Not ..Had very high hopes for this restaurant. I read all the Chef reviews in the paper , Must not be the same Chef now.  So we were a party of five , we ordered three appetizer Cauliflower Poutine, The Baked Gratin with Oatmeal Crumble and Tofu. Out of the three the Cauliflower Poutine was fairly good. Little tater totsmade out of Cauliflower and fake Cheese Curds...Not too bad. The Baked Gratin was not cooked correctly, the Butternut Squash was cooked but the turnip squash was hard, the crumble topping was not crispy... very odd. The Tofu was fine. Then I ordered the 200 year old Sourdough Flatbread-which is not flat and not bread..it is hard tack. It was described as having Scallop like Turnips and a Non-dairy bechamel sauce on it. Number they did not cut the  Turnips to look like scallops and the bechamel sauce was lacking any flavor at all.  Not any garnishes to make it a tasty flatbread lunch. Everything required more seasoning and flavor development, Nothing was even salted. My sister had the Buddha Bowl which had Black Forbidden Rice (undercooked)  and  large cubes of overcooked and undercooked vegetables. No seasoning again, and no beans as it was described to have them. Two of the others had the Warm Kale Salad, it was passable but not great.  My son ordered the OM burger it was missing flavor he said, like ordering a burger without  the burger !! We ordered Bloody Marys that had house made mix. It was nothing but watered down tomato juice with JUST horseradish. Not one garnish, or piece of lemon or a pickle or not a speck of pepper. Blah!!! and  7.00 dollars!! All in all the place looks nice but should be a store and not a restaurant! I am so surprised at this Chefs craft. He needs to go back to the CIA and learn how to season and cook vegetables ---especially if this is his "Vegetarian"  Restaurant.. I will say I will not be going back at all.....
5	Visiting from San Francisco, my wife and I went to Fern yesterday.  I honestly think this is better than any vegetarian restaurant there - or at least as good as Green's, which is our gold standard in SF.  Friendly, casual atmosphere.  My warm kale salad was excellent, and the kombucha from Asheville was too.  My wife found her flat bread a little too tough/crunchy.  But Fern is definitely worth visiting.
4	The first few times eating at Fern seemed to be hit or miss for us. However, recently we have been going to brunch every other Sunday and have yet to be disappointed. I was never a big chicken and waffle fan, but their vegan version chicken-fried tofu and waffles is one of my favorite meals in Charlotte. I think it is the maple-hot sauce glaze that is the secret. It is delicious. Every time we go, I contemplate getting something new, but thankfully I keep going back to the waffles and reminding myself how good they are. I did have the huevos rancheros with tofu before and was a fan the first time I had it, was less thrilled the second time, but now it doesn't matter...it's all tofu and waffles these days. The wife always gets the biscuits and gravy which does have some excellent tasting gravy. Definitely recommend checking them out.
1	Eh.  Meh.  Amateur Veg cooking.  No salt.  Veggies cooked inconsistent.
1	Disappointing! As a vegetarian, I had high hopes for Fern, but the food was flavorless and executed poorly. The atmosphere is cozy, small and quaint with soft, mason jar chandelier lighting. The service was good. But I can't get over how bad the food was. The CAULIFLOWER POUTINE was a good idea, but the potato mixed with the cauliflower had been whipped to the point of having a glue-y texture. The kind of texture that makes your tongue stick to the top of your mouth while you're trying to chew. The cheese curd tasted like mozzarella, which was fine, but nothing special. The tomato gravy was fine, and the little pile of greens on top were the only interesting flavor in the dish (very strong and herb-y). We were planning to order a few more appetizers, but after the Poutine showing, we ditched that idea. The OM BURGER was inedible. The bun was dry and hard, and the burger patty was dense and hard and flavorless. The condiments couldn't save this burger. The 200 YEAR OLD SOURDOUGH FLATBREAD title created a hype that the thick, hard, stale, non-sour flatbread did not live up to. I took 3 bites, which was 2 too many. On the plus side, the topping - chorizo, verde sauce, red onions and cotija cheese - was flavorful and delicious. Unfortunately, I'm not interested in scraping and only eating the top of my pizza. The sides were also a disappointment. The QUINOA of the day was described as red quinoa, mango, mint, red onion, and some other delicious sounding ingredients. It was fresh and cold, but not at all delicious. After coating with salt, a few bites were edible, but really still no flavor at all. The SMASHED CRISPY FINGERLING POTATOES had potential, but only 3 of 12 potatoes were actually smashed and crispy. The other 9 were whole boring fingerling potatoes with no flavor or crunch. After mixing the flatbread topping with some of the potatoes, I was able to eat a few bites. The waitress seemed surprised that we didn't want to take to-go the 75% of our dishes that we didn't eat. No, thanks. We're heading to Taco Bell for a little flavor.
4	Great vegan food. Decent service.
4	This was my first visit to Fern but not my last. It's a great option of cuisine there in Plaza/Midwood; vegetarian. It was a spring day and sunny so my husband and I snagged the last table outside. We got there around 1 on Saturday and they offered the brunch menu that May or may not change seasonally. I'm not sure. Regardless, yummy. I ordered the strawberry lemonade smoothie which tied me over perfectly until my "chicken" and waffles arrived. Those were great! Deep brown fried goodness over firm tofu triangles. Those were served over waffles that were not as firm and crusty as I like them but maybe the ingredients they use don't get that way in the waffle iron. The syrup was sweet and spicy. My husband got the eggs Benedict which had great textures going on. He also got a cocktail although I don't recall which one but was fantastic. Also note that the drink specials board said from 1030-3 on sat and sun Bloody Mary's are $1!!!
4	I am always up to try new things, and don't get me wrong I eat plenty of vegetables and don't really avoid them, but I believe that this was my first official visit to a vegetarian/vegan restaurant. That being said, by suggesting to the wife that we eat at Fern hopefully scored me some brownie points.The restaurant was not busy on the Saturday night that we were there, maybe vegetarians go to bed early. I chose the eggplant curry because I certainly wanted something flavorful and it delivered. It wasn't too spicy but had a little bite to it. I was not asked about spice level when I ordered. The wife had the mole glazed tempeh. This dish was not conceived with me in mind as those two things are some of my least favorite. Who am I kidding, I hate both mole sauce and tempeh. I did try it however and yeah it's not for me, shocker. Oh I almost forgot the wife wanted to try the cauliflower poutine as an appetizer so we shared it. This dish was definitely poutine inspired, but poutine it was not. Flavor was ok, but whenever the word poutine is used, my picky side comes out. For dessert we shared the peanut butter beignets, which had awesome flavor. Overall, a good vegetarian experience and prices were decent. I can see some people complaining paying that much for just veggies, but you can't please everybody. I would definitely bring vegetarian friends here.
4	It's finally here - my long-awaited 100th review goes to Fern! Kenzie K. knows that I'm a raging veggie lover, so she suggested we try out Fern when I came to NC. The only thing I can say about Fern is that it was a cleansing experience (especially after stuffing our faces with greasier foods at Food Truck Friday the day before). From the Strawberry Lemonade Juice (strawberry, basil, agave, lemon, cayenne) to the Om burger (yep...just as good as everyone says) to the Cauliflower Poutine (NEVER able to pass up Poutine in any form), it all left me feeling really clean and light. Honorable mentions go to the Ramen as well - I'm always on the hunt for the next great ramen, and I enjoyed this veggie take on it! If only we hadn't been so full, I would have loved to check out their dessert menu and/or another juice. See you when I'm back in NC, Fern!
4	I'm not particularly interested in vegetarian restaurants. Now that I've tried FERN, I've changed my tune a bit. I found the food there quite interesting and inventive. Was here with my 7 year old daughter and my sister for a Sunday Brunch. I had the Zucchini and Spinach Benedict. I'm a big guy and I love meat, but this dish was very filling. Felt very full but not stuffed like I needed a nap after eating here. Decor was cool. We liked the touches of the mason jar lighting. My only gripe was waitress was a little weird, not very attentive, and the seating just felt really open like I was sitting with the table next to us.  I'll be back again.
4	Today my husband and I visited Fern for the second time. The first time was Mothers Day, so we had brunch on Sunday. I really enjoyed the food. I also enjoyed the customer service. The servers were welcoming and pleasant. Today I had the Sweet Potato Reuben and the fingerling potatoes with a root beer. I thoroughly enjoyed all three. My husband had the OM Burger which he stated was equally enjoyable. I have eaten at several vegan/vegetarian restaurants in several states and I must say, I give Fern fairly high scores. I hope Charlotte continues to expand its vegan restaurant community like what is happening out west and in the northeast.
5	The worst thing about Fern is that it's too far away from home for me to come back and try the rest of the menu! The atmosphere was a bit yuppified - the mason jar and hemp chandelier installation really sets the tone. Service was quick, attentive, and very friendly. It's all about the little details, like cucumber water and only serving in-state breweries' beer. They walk a thin line of pretentiousness, but the food and people are good enough to keep from crossing it.I ordered the vegan ramen, and the boyfriend had barbeque tempeh. I have never had anything that tastes like my meal before. I mean this mostly as a good thing. :) His opinion: "I really like it! It's fun and tastes really good, I'm just not sure what I'm eating." Seaweed flakes, coconut foam, and pureed something-or-another just aren't typically on the menu for us. I thought it was fun, but I'd hesitate to take any less adventurous friends or family.Weird side note for coffee snobs - they use instant coffee! Not the "real" stuff. I actually liked mine enough that I asked where it was from and was surprised.
4	I tried the OM burger and loved it, and that is saying something because I am picky when it comes to my veggie burgers!  The kale chips are AMAZING, and I am not usually a huge fan of those either!  I was very impressed, and can't wait to try more from here!
4	Came to Fern for the first time and was very pleased.   Plenty of options for Vegans at this Vegetarian spot.   Prices were excellent for these presentations from classically trained chefs. Highly recommended and a new favorite!
5	I've been to Fern about four times, and each time I was pleased with the selection. The brunch is quite good--I usually go for the "chicken" and waffles for brunch. My boyfriends likes the eggs Benedict. For dinner, I've had the pumpkin risotto, which was a little disappointing and the "fish" and chips, which I really enjoyed. The Om burger is good, too. I like that this is a rustic restaurant--small, intimate, you don't have to dress to impress, and you'll get quality service, good food, and a trendy place to dine.
3	I first went for Sunday brunch and was really pleased with the food.  But the second time I went for dinner and it was very bland.  So, what I do like:  Not a lot of " fake " foods, these are meals made from fresh veggies and goodies which simply are not served with meats.  A lot of vegetarian fare is intended to be copies of meat dishes and simply meatless.  Most of the time I find these very lacking, Fern doesn't bother with those at all.  For that I am thankful.
2	Mediterranean tofu scramble - warning: it has a lot of liquid from the tofu. It's more of an entree then a breakfast scramble. It seems like a basic toss with salt and pepper Chicken and waffle - not crunchy! Soggy tofu with the "crunch" layer falling apart and off. The waffle was also very soggy. OM burger - best of the three entrees but still not that great. The patty was falling apart and was again, very soggy. I loved the sesame bun though. It was crisp, soft and covered with sesame! Sides:Kale chips - plain and simple oil with salt Local vegetables - eggplant, sweet potato, onion and pepper.
5	Amazing food and atmosphere.  I had an amazing time the other night. The food was amazing and service was good too.  Tons of gluten free options which is good for this hard-core celiac. They even fried the OM burger in a pan so no gluten got into it. My date had the Buffalo cauliflower and the tempeh broccoli both reported as great. Looking forward to trying brunch out this weekend ;)
4	Happy Veganniversary to me! I've been vegan for a whole year now and decided to celebrate at Fern...the only veggie friendly restaurant that I hadn't been to yet in the Charlotte area. I used One Table to make a reservation through their website and we got there at 7 for dinner. It filled up quickly afterwards so I'm glad we already had a table. It's such a cozy and intimate restaurant and I really love the decor...Farmhouse/Spa chic, if there is such a thing. Our hostess was super cool, I think her name was Monica/Monique...shout out girl! Here's our dinner breakdown:Onion Rings with Vegan  Remoulade: Dayum Gina! The onion rings were fantastic but what really set it off was the remoulade. When our next course came out the chef tried to take the dish with the remoulade off the table and almost lost a few fingers. Sweet Potato Reuben (with red cabbage sauerkraut) with Kale Chips: The sandwich was good but a little to salty for my taste...I though it was the sauerkraut but the sweet potatoes needed a dunk in some water too. No biggie. The kale chips were amazing!200 year old flatbread with Vegan Sausage with Fingerling Potatoes: Hubs ordered this and gave his old lady a bite. It was delicious!! It was a large flatbread too so it could definitely be shared. His fingerling potatoes had the perfect sear on the outside and were awesome! Here's what topped off the night....DESSERT! We ordered the Vegan Peach Beignets and when I had the first bite, I went off to a land with unicorns and glitter! I think we got 5 or 6 of them so we tried to save them for dessert the following day. Long story short, hubs went to work before I did and I ATE...EVERY...LAST...ONE. I had to drive all the way back to Plaza Midwood from Gastonia to get another order.Beignets saved my marriage, LOL!! Seriously...check this place out for some really good eatin' ...vegetarian/vegan or not.
1	[i visited Fern in May, but just joined Yelp and am reviewing now]My parents raised me vegetarian. Where my family is from in India, meat and eggs are not common (however we do drink milk and I eat cheese). With that said, I know good vegetarian food and this is not a place worth visiting for veggie fare.I was very excited to go to Fern and hubby and I decided to go and treat a colleague. I ordered BBQ eggplant, which was basically raw and tough and barely cooked. The mac and cheese was weird in flavor and not in a good way -- it was sweet too which was not appealing.My hubby ordered ramen and he said it had no flavor. The broth was so bland, he had to jack it up with hot sauce and salt to give it some flavor. Our friend enjoyed his tempeh plank, so the night wasnt a total loss.Its a pretty establishment, but for the price we paid we were greatly disappointed. Wont be going back, as there are other fabulous vegetarian restaurants in the area.
4	My boyfriend and I were visiting Charlotte this weekend and I wanted to check out the local vegan cuisine. Fern is conveniently located to downtown Charlotte. The decor is fantastic-- this place really has a lot of personality! The service was wonderful...very friendly, charismatic and hospitable. We sat in the outdoor dining area, next to their garden, which I thought was a nice touch. We had the smoked onion rings as an appetizer and they were delish! I really loved the vegan remoulade.On the con side, I did feel that Fern is pricier than it needs to be. I ordered the Tofu Pad Thai as my entree and I felt that $18 is too expensive for what is essentially just carrots, tofu, and cashews. I will say that it was pretty good though. :)All in all, I would probably return. Their brunch menu looks pretty tempting. :)
2	While this place has great ambiance, I won't be back. I really have had better tasting vegetarian food elsewhere :(
4	My wife made the decision to eliminate meat from her diet a few months ago. No beef, no pork, not even chicken or turkey. No shellfish, but fish including salmon and mahi mahi is still cool as are eggs and dairy. It's been an interesting time trying to eat around this new program, especially since my daughter and I are unrepentant flesh-craving carnivores.For this week's family brunch, I offered to try a restaurant completely focused on vegan and vegetarian options. Fern hit the spot with great reviews and options that I felt would minimally inconvenience us meat eaters while giving my wife options other than salad.As Mrs. K. is still figuring out vegan, I could see that the menu was a little complicated. So while we studied it, I got us started with coffee (with almond milk. Stevia and Sugar-in-the-raw on the table) and the cinnamon rolls. The rolls arrived and we were able to place our brunch order. Tasty and doughy, not too sweet at all. Yum.Sausage and gravy for my wife, Mediterranean scramble for daughter and the zucchini/spinach benedict for me. It was clear by what was left when we asked for the check who had enjoyed their meal most thoroughly. It was me - my plate was clear. The zucchini fritters were tender and moist, sort of like a crab cake except without crab. Topped with steamed spinach, poached eggs and hollandaise, really tasty. I'd recommend it thoroughly.The scramble wasn't that great, according to daughter. Rather bland, she said. And she didn't care for the quinoa. Oh well. Mrs said that the biscuits were too cakey but the gravy was good.For sides, I had the crispy braised fingerling potatoes. It was as close to home fries as you're going to get and they were perfectly crunchy and salty. The sweet potatoes were good (tender and sweet), but not the best choice for their brunch meals.Service was excellent. The coffee was great. And the price was pretty decent.  I don't know that we'd return for brunch, but only because it's challenging for the carnivores. Maybe lunch or dinner next time. That said, you herbivores would love this place.
2	I'm not a vegetarian/vegan, but I try to do meat-free mondays and do veggie dishes when possible.  However I am sensitive to spice, so places that pile on heat to make up for taste are generally not going to work for me.Fern started out promising - they don't carry cider or any sweet white wines that would suit the palate of a picky goof like me, but they do have some ($8!) juice blends.  (The blend tasted like 80% celery tho, not a great time).  Appetizers came out, and from the odd almond cheese, to bruschetta, to fried cauliflower, all was good.  I'd recommend the cauliflower or bruschetta to anyone, the cheese is a bit scarier.  However my big mistake was doing the Om Burger as my main course - with roasted tomatoes, avocado and goat cheese, sounded pretty rad.  I've done veggie burgers or garden burgers now and then, so I'm used to them being made of a mix of beans, soy, corn, whatever.  This burger...I knew on bite 1 that something was wrong.  Spiced cucumbers were on it so I removed them just in case, but with every bite came heat to the point of pain.  Knowing my own sensitivity I had my wife try a bite, since she is hispanic and more spice-friendly, but no good.  It felt like they added spice by the boatload to make up for lack of taste - not necessary when you have that much going on in a burger.  The burger came with the finger link potatoes, which some have described as crispy or salty, but mine were bland and mostly soft.  Not much browning or crispiness.  After this disappointing combination, we splurged on dessert - usually I wouldn't spend more money after this type of experience, but we were with friends and they were partaking.  They had what was basically a large ring ding, with peanut butter in the middle, drizzled with chocolate all around.  This...this was a good time.  If you are in the area and need a good dessert, that alone is worth the trip.  It's still highly priced for a dessert ($8) but easily feeds 2, so not a big problem.  I might come back if in need of apps/desserts, or if feeling adventurous down the veggie/vegan path again, but otherwise not.
3	I REALLY wish I could give Fern a glowing review, but I just can't .  I'm not a vegan, but I eat vegetarian and vegan food fairly regularly.  My husband and I ate brunch here twice on a friend's recommendation, and I wish we hadn't wasted our time.The staff and the environment is lovely, and everything on the menu sounds delicious.  Unfortunately, the execution leaves something to be desired.  The best part of my meal (both times!) were the scones and jam.  I've had the chicken and waffles, which most people rave about -- but honestly, it was pretty bad.  The seasoning on the tofu 'chicken' was good, but it had been badly pan fried, and the texture of it just wasn't right. The spelt waffles were the worst part. Not only were they flavorless, but I couldn't even cut it with my KNIFE! So sad, because I was really excited about it.  The Ohm Burger failed to meet expectations as well.  My husbands meal each time was no better, so after this last failed attempt, we decided not to come any more.The best way to sum it up is this:I feel like the people who have reviewed it at 4 or 5 stars don't know any better.  Real 5 star Vegan cuisine (like what I've had in D.C., NYC, and L.A.) doesn't taste like an "ok" alternative compared to the "real" thing---- it just tastes amazing. The food here definitely does not fall into that category.  Maybe our experiences were a one-off. But I highly doubt it.  I really wanted to love Fern, but I just can't.
4	My husband and I just had lunch at Fern.  Customer service is great.  The decor is very well done, comfy and rustic.  The pittata brava had great flavor and spice.  The side of sweet potatoes is a great alternative to the normal french fries.  If we weren't from out of town we would be regulars!
2	As a vegetarian with vegan tendencies, I was so excited to try Fern during a trip to Charlotte. The menu is very appealing, but the food is only so-so. Huge portions, but almost everything seemed fried and then smothered in salt and vinegar. (I love frying and salt and vinegar, but a little variety would have been great.) The best things were the appetizers, especially baba ghanouj and caramelized cauliflower glazed with (what else?) tons of salt and balsamic vinegar. Nice staff, attractive restaurant, easy parking. If they thought a little more creatively about the food preparation, this place could be terrific. I'd love to give it another chance the next time I'm in town.
4	Great service, fun assortment of dishes. Loved the kimchee and pecan pate. Generous servings. Good assortment of local beers.  The tempeh schnitzel was a fun riff on the meat version: I am tempted to try to make it at home!  It was gratifying to find a vegetarian restaurant using strong technique.
5	Fern is high-end vegetarian dining (yes, in Charlotte!) that even non-vegetarians enjoy. It's the place where you take your omnivore friends who are willing to try vegetarian food but aren't crossing over anytime soon. The food is delicious, flavorful, and innovative.
4	Good, quick, and healthy; had the tempeh sandwich with grilled vegetables on whole grain bread with a glass of orange, apple, ginger juice on the side. Definitely going back.
4	With delicious vegetarian and vegan food, nice atmosphere, courteous and professional servers, this restaurant is exactly what Charlotte needed.  As a lifetime vegetarian, I love this restaurant.  With it's exceptionally healthy and local choices of both food and beverages, I can thankfully say that this is kind of restaurant was long overdue, and along with Luna's Living Kitchen, I'm hoping to see more of these types of wonderful vegetarian restaurant options!
5	in love with this place. awesome brunch menu...really tasty and flavorful vegan options. one of the best benedicts I've ever had, hands down. the fingerling potatoes were really well seasoned, too. cool atmosphere, unique light fixtures, quiet ambiance
