1	Blech.  Boo.  Hiss!  Going to a show at the Joint takes intestinal fortitude I usually don't have.  First of all, the Hard Rock likes to book big name bands in this mid-size venue so that ticket prices soar to up to $300+.  Maybe if John Lennon and George Harrison returned from the dead and the Beatles were going to play a one night only reunion engagement at the Joint, and they were miraculously changed from old, saggy men to young, spry musicians again would I spend $300 to see a show at the Joint.  MAYBE.  (And seriously, you've no idea how much I love the Beatles.)Anyway, the acoustics are horrid.  Whoever designed the place was an acoustic idiot.  I hope with the money they got from it they took some classes to help them or something.  Getting IN the place is just ridiculous.  With no signage letting you know what shows you can or can't take purses into, I've waited in line and got to the front only to be turned around to the (inevitably crowded) coat check counter and then back to wait in line again.  The sight lines inside can be horrid if you end up pushed to a wrong spot and sometimes they decide just not to utilize the two HUGE screens to the side, which must suck for the shorties.  (Most shows are GA, standing room only.)Sometimes a band I really want to see comes here, and then I'll brave it.  But they have to be someone I really, REALLY want to see.  And they  can't be taking pledges for my first born as part of the ticket price either.
1	So, I went to The Joint last year to see the Black Eyed Peas perform. My friend Tabitha were lucky enough to get free tickets to the show because she knew someone who knew someone that was giving away tickets to the show. Anyway, we get their early, and after waiting with other ticketholders for an hour, the doors open and we go in and find a good standing spot close to the stage, their is no seating on the entire first floor.  Their is a bar and its way in the back towards the entrance, and good luck trying to get back their during the show. So we stood for another hour waiting for the show to start. The show starts and everybody who didn't get a spot in the front trys to force their way closer to the stage, making me personally feel claustrophobic. I only saw two hours of the show before my feet where killing me in my semi comfortable dress shoes. So, I left and sat on the couch outside until my friend was ready to go. Overall,  I would never go to The Joint again because what I had to endure for that free ticket made the show not worth it.
2	You know The Joint is Ok - when there's concerts I wanna see. But it does suck. VIP Seating is upstairs.  The last time I was there was for Bam Margera's bachelor's party. It was ok. There were a lot of kids. I gave someone my all you can drink wristband. Because I had an extra. She was grateful. You know what makes this place bad is how they herd people in and out. It's not the most efficient method. Drinks are ok - there usually are 2 but they wheel in a portabar if needed.I think we need more seating in here. Better accoustics, and definitely better methods of entry.
4	Besides being crammed up to your neighbor in uncomfortable seats, this place is great.  Pretty small venue, reminds me of the Aerial/Verizon theater in Houston.  Saw Willie Nelson on friday nite and he was AWESOME!  (he was walking around the casino, missed that!)  We were on the second tier and could see him pretty good.  Would love to see a rock band without seating!  Could easily get up close to see them.  Minus one star for not having cheap drinks.  But what do I expect, it's VEGAS!
4	I was at the Joint just the other night and had a great time. Rolling Stone was having a little party up stairs in the balcony during a sold out show, which afforded us a great view, free drinks and room to move. It looked pretty packed downstairs and there were not that many bars, but the casino is litter ally 10 steps from the front door. One complaint would be the 20 huge TV screens in there. It was distracting...
4	I got free tickets to Bill Maher at the joint.  The place is just the right size for standup.  Fits a few hundred to maybe a thousand people comfortably.  I can only imagine what it would be like to see a really awesome band in such an semi-intimate setting.  Maybe that's why it costs $100+ per ticket for most big name acts.  It's not dive bar or concert hall intimate, but about as close as you'll get for a place in a Vegas mega-resort.There's a bar area on the opposite end of the stage.  Can't recall how much my beer went for.  This was back in August.  The Joint is inside the Hard Rock, which is fairly easy to access, since it's off the strip.  And for some reason the Hard Rock is always crawling with some of the hottest women you'll see in Vegas, so that's a huge plus.
3	Want to see Dave Gahan's leather jacket (at least a replica)?  Go here. There was a Sony release party for a computer game about pirates, there were milkshakes and firebreathing ladies but I missed all them. Lots of blue and red lights if you're into that kind of thing.  One time Bill Maher played there with Van Halen.There are Prince quotes in raised Comic Sans font on the way out and slots.  The ladiez are required to wear asscrack-showing leather panties and fishnetz.  The Joint...at Hard Rock!!!  Nice sound system, loud, but clear...like a cold desert night.
3	The great thing about this venue is that it gets acts that can pack stadiums but this place is about 1400 capacity. I like that they have non-smoking events cause Vegas can be soooo smokey that I get sick but that won't stop folks from lighting up anyway. Very crowded obviously and unless you like very pushy GA shows this would not be a good place to go, also shorter people have less view because of the GA. I personally love those type of shows but the fact that major acts that bring major more mainstream crowds frequent here, you get the mix of folks who have never been to small crowded shows and freak out when pushed or elbowed. Granted I am older now so the years in the Pit are pretty much over for me (OK I like chillin with my lady and she freaks when I jump into a windmill or lawnmower move with the energy from the music and someone next to her falls to the ground with a bloody nose he didn't see coming...sorry guy at The Used show) but I digress, we went to see Coheed and Cambria support Linkin Park over the weekend. Show was fun and although LP headlined I think CC was slightly the better or more impressive of the bands (sorry Mike and Brad I know we all went to AHS together but Claudio has such chops). Annoy where the girls who push to the front when we were 4 rows back, just by having drinks above their heads and acting so drunk that they looked like they would spill them on us if we tried to stop them. Also annoying was the girl who DID spill her drink down my back and later when I had a little pushing of my arms toward the people behind me decided to punch both me and some poor guy next to me, this was all during the opening act so I didn't wanna get thrown out for any bad behavior, I kindly offered to buy the lady another drink since "I elbowed her in the stomach and caused her to spill it" according to her, don't know what the other guy "did".....both my arms were around Deb at the time of said drink spill but what ever, let the show go on. Over all the show was wonderful and both band were very exciting. Venues can be hard to review when the bands are so good that they sound good in all venues.  If this was just a venue that got mediocre acts in it I would likely like it less but since it draws the big names I thought it is definitely a place to see a big band and all in Vegas no less....nice!!!
4	I'm very torn on this venue.  On one hand, they bring in some of my favorite bands (I saw Death Cab For Cutie and The Raconteurs two days apart recently) and it always sounds top notch.  On the other hand, I can never seem to find a spot where I can see the band (I'm 5'8"), and both of the bars are always pretty packed, so it can be awhile to get a drink.I have had some luck with the upstairs balcony... they have assigned seating so you can sit for the duration of the show rather than stand, and the bar upstairs is less crowded.  Unfortunately, the balcony is not always open, and when it is, the tickets are usually higher priced.But like I said, I've seen some great bands here, and I love the Hard Rock, so it's 4 stars for this music venue.
2	The Joint is small and intimate. Flirty guards and ushers, cute bartenders who wink. Upstairs has an nice view of the stage, but really seem too high up, unlike a house of blues. For two nights, I saw the same band, Duran Duran, at two different locations at the Joint. First night I was in the front, but its very hard to see with size 20s fat Duranies allover the places pushing around as if it's a Korn mosh pit. So I went to the back. That's a good spot because it gives a good view of the screen, (unless a Duranie heffer blocks it.)The second night I found out why it seems as though the front row is 2 inches taller than everyone. Basically, they put up a barricade that has a base ontop of the floor, which rises the first two row of people about 2 inches. So anyone behind them can't see. Luckily, I held my ground in a sea of Duranie hephers a few rows back pushing, and was on that barricade! I was infront of a speaker that had the bass up way too loud. Both nights, I can agree that the acoustics need work. The sound could be better. After the show, you can only get out one door, so that's kind of like mooooving the herd. Then I got herded into Body English, the Joint's little sistah night club. The next night I remember to avoid the mad rush into Body English.
4	Out of all the venues in vegas, this one by far is intimate compared to the rest. The only issue I have with this is the "Type'" of venue. Mostly it is a standing room only.  Wear some comfy shoes! Other than that, overall its a good venue to see a concert at.
1	The jerkoff bouncer made me check my SMALL NORMAL SIZED purse at the front desk before entering the venue.. I told him he could look in it, whatever, but he claimed it was house policy to not let purses in? HUH? I won't waste my time with this place unless a really good band is playing.
5	1 of the best venues in Vegas.  (House of Blues @ Mandalay Bay is pretty sweet too and comparable in capacity.)Anywho, nothing like seeing 1 of your favorite bands and then hitting Pink Taco to finish off the night.A night to remember: 311 with Pepper & The Wailers in '06: http://www.flickr.com/photos/diana985/sets/72157600398958270/
4	I am so ridiculously torn on this review, you have no idea. If I had written this review last week, it would probably be 5 stars and read as follows:The Joint is a fantastic 1400 person capacity venue that is by far one of my favorite places in Vegas to see a show. I have been to several shows here and have enjoyed every single one. I love the intimate feeling they manage to create despite your being in the center of a Vegas casino and the large acts they manage to pull in despite the venue's small size. Ok, but see, I didn't write this a week ago, or after any of the previous shows i have seen there, but rather am doing so after having just been there this past Friday to see the Foo Fighters. I will say that the show was A-MAZING, but that's pretty standard for the Foo and having been the second smallest venue in which I've been able to see them, this should have been a ridiculously perfect night. Thanks to the staff at the Joint (and one bouncer in particular) though, it was far from it. Yes, my friend and I had drank our fair share of wine at Ago before the show but we are not obnoxious drunks by nature, and considering we're in Vegas, probably seemed pretty mild in comparison. The trick to this venue is that you have to exit into the casino to use a restroom, and, with that much liquid in our bellies, frequent trips to this casino bathroom were necessary. On my friend's first trip, she made "friends" with a bouncer that was guarding the path between the 2, he asked for her ticket stub (despite the fact that our hands were also stamped) and she happily showed him her ticket while introducing herself to him. His name was George and it turns out he's a complete a**hole! On my friend's second trip to the bathroom, I joined her, so she introduced me to her new friend on our way back in. When he asked me for my ticket, I enthusiastically replied back "I've got my ticket, let's go see the show, whooo!" in a mildly raised voice, to which he shockingly replied "yell at me again and I'll throw you out!"  Uh.... excuse me?????????When my friend departed for bathroom trip number 3 a mere 4 songs into the Foo Fighters' set, well that was the end of her night in the Joint. Turns out she set her ticket stub on the counter to wash her hands and it was gone when she went back in to grab it. But, as George, who knew her freaking name and had seen her twice and could see that her hand was stamped, was still watching the ropes, she figured things were ok. Nope, he refused to let her back into the venue and actually physically escorted her outside!!!!!! Now when even his boss who we met a little too late and a couple of his co-workers who approached us after the show all agreed that the guy was being ridiculous in not letting her back in, well there's a problem here.  When we spend $80 each on tickets to a freaking ROCK show and are not involved in any sort of fighting or illegal activity I just don't expect a probably under-endowed assclown to take out his aggression on a girl who was actually being pretty friendly to him just because he has a velvet rope in his hand.  I still give the Joint 4 stars because it was clearly an issue of just this one prick but he sure left a very sour taste in my mouth.
3	The Joint is a relatively intimate venue considering what bands usually play here. I've only been here for a GA show (opening night for the Kings of Leon tour) but I can say that I would definitely come back. The acoustics are great. If you get to the venue early enough, you'll get a good spot right near the stage. We were rolling 3 deep off the rail and it was sweet. Of course, you get your share of d-bags (you are in Vegas, no escaping it), but security seemed to do their jobs without being dickheads.
5	What's with the mediocre average on this place? The Joint is the best medium sized venue in Vegas! If more of the acts I want to see at the big places like  MGM Grand Arena or Mandalay Bay played at the Joint, I'd be racking up my Southwest Rapid Rewards and would be getting over there almost every weekend. I've been to this venue twice so far. Once for Kings of Leon, and most recently for Area 107.9's Big Damn Holiday Jam with Bloc Party, Franz Ferdinand, and the Ting Tings. I didn't notice any issues with the sound. Then again, I'm all the way up front so I'm too busy singing and dancing along to everything. The security staff there is one of the best I've seen. The minute I had some people trying to push me too hard against the rail, I called a security guy over and he took care of the crowd immediately. And when the front row were visibly parched and sweaty- security crew's there with bottles of water for anybody asking for some. I wish more venues in LA could be as good as these guys are.And what's cool about this venue too is that they're not strict with the searching process. It probably depends on who's playing that night, but each time I've gone I haven't been searched. I know the Joint's supposed to close down sometime in 2009 for renovation to add some more VIP spots. I hope it doesn't change too much. As long as that floor stays as GA, I'll be down to go to more shows at the Joint.
4	Vegas isn't the best town to see bands in. mainly becuase, if its not mainstream radio, odds are we are ignored. but when a band does come, odds are it is to the Joint. I have seen many shows here, Muse, Interpol, Death Cab for Cutie, Vampire Weekend, Snow Patrol, The Beastie Boys, Wolfmother, and I could go on. Whats great is that you can always get down close to the band, without really having to push your way through people, which i wont do, but many people do anyways. This is becuase of the 3 leveled floors. But the common theme of almost all shows ive seen here has been dicks. i have seen a number of fights (at fairly peaceful bands), People are always smoking, spilling drinks, and having no regard for those around them. but thats vegas people, not the joint. so i cant knock it down for that. But the venue is clean, rarely sells out (once again, vegas music scene, not the joint), and lets you get close to really good bands.
4	so it's closing...went here for the farewell send off this past friday -MOTLEY f*$king CRUE!!!!!!!they kicked some serious arse! played a ridic long set, touched on some new, but mostly the old goodies that we all wanted to hear! i was blown away!the venue reminds me of the wiltern...intimate enough to truly enjoy the show...good sound system, glad i got the check out this spot before it was too late!
4	Went to the NEW JOINT at Hard Rock for the Media/Soft Opening.  Complimentary food and drinks kept coming.  The free picture setup was cool too--there were props and costume stuff available so that you can take a rockstar pick with a photoshopped background of your choosing.  The venue was pretty nice.  It has double the capacity (4000+) of the old Joint.  The sound system seemed up to par.I took the escalator to the top floor and worked my way down.  Just like the old Joint there is not a bad seat in the house, even the last row seats.  I walked down to the 2nd floor where they have their 7 VIP suites.  Some suites were bigger than others, but all had the typical suite amenities with more room, food bar, tables, and couches along with (p)leather stadium seating.  The seats didn't rock though which would have been nice.  I thought they had good support although one friend said that they were too hard.The first floor was just like the old Joint's all standing area.  There is an area right in front of the stage that can either be for a huge mosh pit or for tables.  There are a few hip high railed sections in back of the open area. I noticed the unfinished concrete floors.  I think this was by design for liability purposes since crowds + drinking = wet floors = slip//falls.   If I remember correctly, the old Joint had wooden floors.  (Sorry, my lawyer brain is usually always on.)As expected, all floors have bars in the back of the venue.  The 2nd floor also have tall bar tables along the side as well.I can't wait to see a concert there.
4	Pretty cool venue to catch an act. This is a newer version of the old spot, a thousand years ago I attended a Montel Jordan concert there and found the original to be even more intimate. Anyways this place is larger but not huge where you're not able to see the act. We had middle section seats and they were great. The bar area was easy to maneuver in too, not packed at all. The bathrooms were also clean and had an old school touch to them with an attendant offering things like mints and perfume. I was able to see Jamie Foxx and his special guests and left very satisfied. The only negative is getting out of the joint (haha), they herd you into the casino which is way too small and you feel claustrophobic.
4	When I heard they were building a bigger newer Joint, I was quite skeptical. I thought, gone are those intimate awesome shows there! Well, I was partly right because the New Joint *is* bigger, but it's a good thing. I expected to see bolted down seating as in a theatre, but instead saw comfortable fold-up chairs (removable ;) Yay!) Sometimes the standing shows are so much better depending upon who you're seeing. The New Joint is bigger, but also elegant and classier than the old one. The staff is friendly too, which is always important to me. Even though I had seats pretty far back during Flight of the Conchords, it was still a great time and I wasn't lamenting the fact that I wasn't right up in their faces like I am for most shows I go to. ;) I could still see pretty well, so the size isn't too big that you won't enjoy everything.Also, there is more extensive seating upstairs now than in the older Joint. This upstairs area goes all the way around. I'll definitely be looking forward to seeing another show there, hopefully in the near future!
5	The old Joint was intimate in my opinion and i was sadden to see it go.  I've seen greats like the Foo FIghters, and Tom Petty there and recently saw the Blink 182 reunion in the new Joint.  I must say they have done a great job renovating this place.  It's large enough to feel like a big concert hall but small enough to have a great view from anywhere in the place.  the Hard Rock Hotel is packed enough as it is but entrance into the venue was easy and not too crowded.  I particularly didn't like the merch table set up since there was only one and it was situated right next to the main entrance and the line to get in.  This made it a little confusing when lining up to figure out what line you were in, the merch line or the entrance line.  All and all if you're in Vegas or want to get away to a concert outside of the LA area The new Joint is a nice place to consider.  P.S.  The bar in the Joint pours some strong mixed drinks.  NICE!
4	The new Joint is great. Because of the layout and new sound it tops the Pearl for best mid sized venue.  The old Joint I loved the layout but the sound was awful!  The new Joint the sound is great, same great layout only larger. They even have reserved seats for the people that dont truly like the concert experience. To me a venue should be 90% or more  general admission otherwise its a total corporate experience and not built for true music and concert fans.  Great sounds, good promotion with Live Nation. Happy they got rid of Andrew Hewitt, he robs fans on ticket prices and the bands don't get any more money.  I only wish the Hard Rock would get a better parking garage for when concerts get out. That or  a larger valet area.
1	My husband and I arrived at the Joint for a Santana concert two Saturdays ago only to find out the concert had been cancelled two months prior.  We received no notice that the concert had been cancelled.  Our tickets had been purchased in person and there was no request for information in case of cancellation.Our money was refunded but considering we had planned our entire trip around this concert we were not too pleased.  We were offered discount meal coupons (too late we ate right before) and awful drink coupons for well drinks in the worst bar in the casino.We never heard why the concert was cancelled  but we won't be paying to see Santana or heading back to the Joint.
2	Standing room on the side balconies was waaaaaay over packed. We paid big bucks to see Muse and could barely see them at times. They really over sold this show.
4	compared to Jillian's-We'll miss you!:(- and House of blues, this place is a freaking mansion!its so big and i went there for the As I Lay Dying concert (which was AMAZING!!). two complaints: really overpriced soda where you dont even get the whole can, but a stinking small cup for $5, and the layout is really confusing especially if the place is filled and people are moshing.
4	You have to hand it to Vegas hotels- they definitely don't skimp on their music venues. What The Joint may lack in sweaty east coast charm it more than makes for with amazing acoustics (millions of dollars from gaming can be useful!), awesome lighting, and fantastic decor. Although far from being intimate, the Joint has a less cavernous feel than The Pearl. Saw Phoenix here recently, and although, it may have been the thrill of seeing them play live, I totally enjoyed the Joint.First of all $3 landsharks!! Not sure if this is the norm but I was expecting to pay way too much for some watered down concotion. Instead I found myself enjoying a delicious beer at happy hour prices.Secondly, it was super easy to get to the front and the crowd was tame compared to most venues I've been to. Being able to breath was definitely not a problem here.Most importantly the acoustics and lighting were top notch and they let us up on stage for the last song, which was beyond priceless. I just stood there snapping pictures and dancing around waiting for some sweaty bouncer to drag me off stage, and yet that sweaty bouncer never appeared. It was fantastic! Awesome show!!!
5	Great venue!I attended the Them Crooked Vultures concert this weekend at The Joint, and was thoroughly impressed at how organized and accommodating it was for what felt like thousands of people. (Guess that's Vegas for ya!) The sound and lighting was obviously a well thought out part of the design. Much props to the AV team there as well.Can't smoke in the venue, but their system of scanning people in and out made it real simple to take a break and come back to rock.Drinks were affordable and access to them was simple enough, and the efficient and friendly bartenders made it work, and kept the lines reasonable.I had a wonderful time with my group of about 15 other rock enthusiasts, and I'd love to attend another event here.
3	decent place not to mobbed, good if theres a great band to see!
5	I visited this place for the Santana concert and had a blast, this place is smaller and becasue of that even far away seats are still good seats. We sat right in the front and was a great experience, place did not feel not over crowded even though it was a full venue and drink servers come by quick for refills. I definately would come to venues at the Joint again.
4	This place is an awesome venue! I've been here twice, 1st for Bon Jovi and 2nd for Denis Leary's Rescue Me Comedy Tour. Now the artists were the draw, of course, but The Joint and its staff truly ROCK!! Went to see Denis Leary 06-12-10 and he did NOT disappoint! He had his band and some other actors from the show and their own comedy shows. Lenny Claerke, Adam Farara . . . great! the band . . . WAY cool!Husband played at a blackjack table for the 2 1/2 hours and left almost $600 up . .  that doesn't suck! I took 2 of my girls and one's boyfriend to the show, totally great that there's no age restriction, they all loved it there too! If you get the chance see an event here, you will NOT be sorry!
4	This is a nice venue. We came here July 4th for Mike Epps comedy show. Its a nice place to have a small concert or show. They had seats on the bottom and up top on the balcony..if I remember correctly, it looked like there were tables and chairs up top but maybe it was just for that night.They had a big ass bar but only like 5 ppl working with at least 500 +ppl in the venue so the wait was a lil long but once I got my drink, it was YUMMY! The only thing I didn't like is it was FREEZING in there! I understand its July and its 100 outside but damn! Turn the  AC down a lil! Sheesh!Also, the space btwn the rows were hella small, Im a small girl but I felt like I could barely get through and of course we sat in the middle of our row lol smh.Overall,good venue! Will def go back for another show.
4	I've been to this venue several times including the opening night of the newly renovated Joint for the Killers show last year. Ironically it this was either the first night or the last night of their tour. With the added bonus that the Killers are actually from Vegas, it made for a pretty wicked time. But onto the venue itself...This is one of those places that even though it's standing room/GA for (I think) most music shows, there really isn't a bad place to see. It's spacious enough to dance and move around without stepping on other people.The bar line gets really busy and can take a long, long time to get drinks. Boo.I'm not a huge Hard Rock casino fan though and in my opinion that's The Joint's only real downfall. A wee bit of douche factor going on.  You know, those kind of people who desperately want to be seen... The lineup to get in to the Joint is crazy and there isn't much room to move. This place gets hella-busy after a show and it takes forever to get a cab (the taxi line is insane!) so prepare for a long wait. The casino floor is small and cramped compared to the other Vegas casinos so hanging out after a show is kinda hard if rubbing up against skeezy looking club chicks/wannabe porn actresses isn't exactly your thing.Overall though, The Joint is a great venue and I never hesitate to buy tickets for shows here. Especially when you really, really like the bands. Though the venue can house a lot of people, it still has a somewhat intimate vibe to see your favorite bands all up close and personal.
4	Saw Russell Peters on May 30. The venue was nice: I sat in the back of the ground floor and still had a pretty decent view of the stage. There really isn't a bad place to sit.
3	I thought the security people were kind of ridiculous here.  I queued all day for a GA show here along with like 100 other people.  However, when they decided to let us into the venue, instead of trying to handle the line in an orderly fashion, they just let everyone loose like rabid dogs.  They had several doors open for ticket scanning and I got stuck in a slow line.  The woman scanning our tickets decided to stop to yell at people for pushing, so I basically got screwed and people behind me got ahead of me for the show.  Ahh, I was so pissed!
4	Venue was cool but no seats!! However for not having any seats, it was roomie for all concert lovers:) the best part, is we stood there, and the venue let's you go in and out with a ticket and also allows you to come inaide with a plastic cup. So instead of buying a drink, I'd go back to my room make two drinks and head back to show during band change:-) very cool!!
5	Halloween night I went to the joint for the Swedish House Mafia show and was pleasantly surprised with guest DJ's dropping in on the action.  First Kaskade then Tiesto and finally Dirty South.  What a show with the only billed DJ's being Swedish House Mafia.  Gotta love Vegas that's all I can say.  I got VIP tickets which meant Open Bar and Balcony seating.  This was great as drinks are pricey and I got a great view of the show.  After some drinks I had to go dance though so I went downstairs and was told I can only be in VIP area and I said I'd take my bracelet off they wouldn't let me.  So I hopped the rope and went to go dance.  The sound was great and I couldn't have asked for a better time on Halloween.
4	First of all, don't be deceived by the exterior of this joint.. no pun intended. Or is there? Jk. But really, don't be fooled because this place is freakin' HUGE. There's the main floor, which has a bar at the very back, and about two upper levels with tables! If you're familiar with the Bill Graham Civic Center in San Francisco, this place is very similar. I came here from the Bay to see Drake perform last month and Weezy's surprise guest performance was epic and meeting Drake after the show was definitely the cherry topper to one of the best nights of my life. I'm not sure if all events here are general admission but if they are, I suggest an early arrival if you plan to be in the very front. Like all general admission concerts, don't even bother being on the main floor if you don't like crowds but if you're like me and want the most personal, intimate experience possible with your favorite performer, get your ass in line early. One con about this venue was the security. They would not allow us to stand outside of the venue and kept telling us different times that we could start lining up. When that time came, they told us a later time and next thing you know, there's two different lines going on.. at two different ends of the venue! Ay yi yi.. but overall, I'm a fan of this place. I believe there's a bar on each floor which screams convenience so you don't have to go up and down or stand in a ridiculously long line for a drink. Sounds were great, atmosphere is modern and vibes are chill, and there's even elevators and a pretty dope main staircase at the entrance. I wouldn't mind attending another event here but let's see if the next performer is worth my drive like Drizzy was..
2	Saw The Black Crowes on 12/10/10.  Pros: Parking is easy, every seat in the house has a good view of the stage, and staff is helpful.  Cons: The sound for The Black Crowes was terrible.  Not sure if it was the venue or the mixing, but you couldn't make out a single word of the vocals and when the music got loud, everything came across as muffled.   Again, as this was my first show here, not sure if it was the venue or the sound guy, but I had to leave early it was so bad.  Other than that, the bands performance was great as well as the other positives I mentioned in the beginning.
5	I don't love Vegas.... But I do love The Black Crowes! Seeing The Crowes at The Joint in The Hardrock was amazing! I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the security was and the sound system was top notch! I rocked out in the front row all night! I just might head back to Vegas for another awesome band at The Joint sometime ;)
4	Nice venue. Friendly staff.
5	Went to the Santana show On Saturday Jan 8. Santana rocked, the acoustics seemed very good to me, the bars weren't too crowded and the restrooms were clean. Yeah!! Had bought my ticket on the web some time ago and  had it held at will call. Guy was friendly enough. Just needed my id not the credit card too, Couldn't find the reservation. Way nervous I ask him if maybe it was for Friday, the previous night. EEK yes there it is. I'm thinking maybe they'll give me a discount or something for a new ticket as I really want to see the show. The guy GIVES me a ticket. A really good ticket like the one I had. I'm so happy . I'm going to spread the word for the Joint! Concert venues tend to treat you neutrally at best, like small children generally, and sometimes (The friggin Woodlands) like concentration camp victims. Great customer service at The Joint.
4	Came here on free tixs from channel 8 to see Santana,this is the first time I was inside this place and it was rockin,,there were some bummers...But the good things were, easy to get in and find our seat. The bathroom upstairs was pretty clean. Santana  and his band were fantastic,sound system was loud but not distorted.The bummers were- my cousin got stuck sitting to next to a guy who practically overflow into her seat? He was one big guy ,who should of sat somewhere else,as the seats are quite small? The bar was slightly crowded,but went fast,,but the drinks were very pricey in a plastic cup,as you are looking to spent at least $12 or more a drinks,so bring your credit cards,pl,us we bought potato chips @ $4 a bag,for the small ones,we were hungry,so we did not have any option at this point?fyi I would go back,as I had balcony seat and they were decent,you can see the stage pretty well.But I will refrain from having any cocktails,unless it is open bar...
4	The wait for drinks at the back is terrible.  Get your drinks just outside the arena in the store in the hallway, and bring it in in a plastic cup.
1	Dear The Joint,You used to be really awesome. You were a great open space. I didn't have to walk around 10 barriers to get to get to the bar. I never felt like I was being herded like cattle. And you used to have an incredible sound system.Why did you have to go and grow up into this big impersonal venue with all these tiers,  bars blocked off from the floor, and a crap ass soundsystem. I used to love seeing bands at the joint but when everything is turned up so high that all sound gets distorted, it makes me never want to visit you again. Please fix yourself. Love,Allison C.
4	Saw Santana last week in the newly refurbished Joint and was very impressed.The place is beautiful, the acoustics are top notch..... I've seen many shows prior to the renovation and in my opinion, the Hard Rock did a very good job.
4	Great venue, bigger than the HoB, with better drink prices.  The only drawback is having to fight the casino crowd getting to and from the show.
4	What better birthday present to self than a concert? I saw Tiesto at The Joint on Feb. 5th & it was wonderful!My only complaint, it was really hot & difficult to breathe in the general admission//front.I know this is Vegas, but I still wished it was not a smoking-friendly joint. I probably got enough 2nd hand smoke throughout this 6 hour long concert to last me a lifetime. Also, the bar charged 15$ for water bottles...really, guys? I could understand 5$...you know there are  people drinking or taking pills and there is a risk of dehydration & you fully take advantage!
4	Went to the Tiesto event here in Feb... Not sure how other nights may be but this is my experience:I had will call and it didn't take me a long time to get my tickets and get into the venue. I did go at 10:30 though so I'm not sure if it took longer later on. The 2 opening DJs were pretty good and did a good job at getting the crowd ready for Tiesto! The bars were pretty easily accessible and it didn't take a long time to get drinks so that was good.The venue is AWESOME. It's a BIG music hall with LOTS of tables... I feel like if they took out the whole first row of tables and made the dance floor bigger it would have been better because the dance floor def got pretty crowded around 12 and I had to move to the side to have any space to dance. When Tiesto came on it was just CRAZY. The visuals, music, everything was just really AMAZING... There are a lot of surprises so I won't spoil it for you all. If you like trance/house music or if you like Tiesto, you have to go see him. I think he's the resident DJ there and will spin once a month... This is DEF A MUST!
3	Huge venue and hardly any seating for GA? What the feez....I came for Tiesto In Concert and you'd only imagine how packed that was. There were only people seated on this leveled platform against the wall on opposite ends of the dance floors and then this one platform dividing the VIP tables and the bar against the back.My friends and I got in without wait, right away and were able to walk in and out of the venue.Maybe if there were seats around... i'd give this place a fourth star.
4	This is a great venue for catching touring acts.  The main floor is large and they have railings to divide up the further areas.  It is nice to have something to lean against and a sense that you will not be trampled.  We stood just to the side of the mixing station and, of course, the sound was excellent.  I realize that there is very little/no seating, but I don't mind standing through a show. Drinks were pricey, but they are always expensive at these kinds of places.
3	Tiesto being my favorite DJ ever, I was really hyped and eager to celebrate my birthday with my friends watching him on Feb. 5th.  Tiesto as ALWAYS was amazing! the music, the visuals, his energy, and the other entertainment was awesome.  If i was reviewing him it would be 5 stars but I'm reviewing the Joint..... We got there early, before the crowd got too big and appreciated the intimidate feeling about the small venue, the security was friendly and helpful and the place was nice.   As it got closer to Tiestos' start time and the crowd got bigger and bigger; my friends and I were pushed and shoved by people trying to steal our place in front of the stage.  I think that the VIP tables in the middle of the floor take way too much space which is why it was unbearable to stay down there for too long.  We ended up moving all the way to the back behind the VIP section so we could have some space to dance.The drink prices were ridiculous, water was $15 and a Moster N vodka was $20 !!!!!! It's insane! So needless to say I was completely sober and out of cash by 1 am :(I will most likely not go to any other event at the Joint because of the above.
4	my friends and i came here to see my favorite dj TiESTO this past Saturday [March 5th].  we arrived around 11:3OPM and there was NO LiNE!  i lovedd it!  will call was quick and easy; we were in and out with our tickets in less than 5 minutes.   the venue is huge, with a ton of room to move around in.  there are sections toward the front that are separated by metal railings, and most of the sections have tables and couches for people getting bottle service.event was sold out, but it wasn`t sardine-can-packed, a fact which i loved.  i`ve been going to raves since i was 16, so as far as i`m concerned, i`m a full-fledged veteran.  most massives are packed to the ceiling and it feels like you`re the last of the toothpaste being squeezed out of the tube when you try to walk around.  The Joint was packed, but there was still ample space to move around without rubbing tits with everyone you pass LoLx  plus i loved the fact that since we were in Vegas it was 21+, whereas most raves are either 18+ or all ages.  it was definitely a lot cleaner and classier! :D  i don`t think i`ll ever enjoy another massive rave again!     there`s a long bar in the back, as well as one to the side of the stage.  drinks are "Vegas priced," $21 for an Long Island [for me] and a Corona [for booboo].  we also paid $48 for 3 shots of Patron.  it is VEGAS after all, so i wasn`t complaining.WATER, on the other hand, was $15 a bottle!  now that`s excessive when water cost more than alcohol. o.O;;  there is, however, a solution to that problem.  you`re allowed to bring drinks into the venue as long as they`re not in glassware.  the security will supply you with a plastic cup when you reach the front, and all you do is transfer your drink over and walk in!  so what you do is buy a bottle of water from the bar outside next to the entrance of The Joint for $5, then bring it in with you!  you end up paying a 3rd of the price and get to bring it in with you!  everyone wins!  LoLx ;]Tiesto KiLLED iT when he came on!  the music was phenomenal, the vibe was great, and i had awesomee friends to share the experience with!!  i`m definitely coming back in a few months to see Tiesto spin again at The Joint!!
4	Tiestooooo's Club Life!I came here last weekend to see Tiesto like many of the other Yelpers here.  I was blown away by the entire show and I couldn't have asked for a better night.  I was with a great group of friends and the music made us all feel the love that night.I had no problems with will call and waited in a 2 minute line to get my ticket.  It was actually a really relaxing concert entrance compared to other concerts that I have been to at places like Staples or the Honda Center.The Joint was spacious: large without being ginormous.  When we walked in around midnight the intro dj was still spinning.  While waiting for Tiesto, I was able to get a good feel for the place.  The stage is larger than you would think could fit into the Hard Rock's tiny casino.  The two floors above the main floor were way up!  I was on the main floor and I almost forgot that the second and third were above us.  No claustrophobia here.  All of the lights, streamers, confetti, and tiny birds that fell from the ceiling made the show even better.  The only downside of the night is that water cost $15 a bottle.  It is pretty hard to not get thirsty at a 4 hour show, where you are jumping and fist pumping the whole time.  But what can you say... water is ridiculous at all clubs in VegasThe Joint was a great venue to host Tiesto's Las Vegas residency.  If I could I would come again in a heartbeat.  Surrender to the sound...*Highlight of the night: Escape me
4	I was here for Tiesto in concert March 5 and it was off the hook! This venue is awesome but the only draw back for GA floor tickets is there is no place to sit! I notice this with almost all the clubs I been to in Vegas. If you don't get bottle service, expect to stand all night long. Other then that, I had a very very very great night =)
4	General Admission Balcony tickets (no floor access) for Tiesto on April 2, 2011.  From what I can actually recall...  I had fun.  What's most important to me at a concert though, is comfort - and that's why I rarely attend any back home in Hawaii (those tend to be pretty crowded, with long lines to get in and no seat left empty - as well as super hot with all the people packed in the place).We arrived there about 1-1.5 hour(s) late - parking was easy to find, souvenir items weren't already sold out, there was no entry line, smoking was allowed and hardly anyone was actually sitting in the balcony seats lol.All in all, it was great - and I would definitely go back here, maybe even to see Tiesto again ;-)
4	Coming from Sacramento The shows I have been to were either in Arco Arena where the acoustics are Terrible and the others at the memorial auditorium which has better acoustics but is a nightmare to get out of when a show ends, this place was a breath of fresh air for the most part. I had GA floor tickets and ended up about 2 to 3 feet from the stage for the show and was very very impressed with the acoustics in this place and the venue in general has the small feel and helps to make the show that much better. I have never been to a venue that allows cameras and video cameras to be used during the show and that is the one star deficit you see here. Not because I am trying to be like Lars from Metallic and crap all over everyones choice to share the music but I tend to get aggravated when a 300lb sweaty dude next to me has his stink pit right in my face while trying to record the "ENTIRE SHOW". Other than the distraction of cameras in your face and Miss teenage dreamer screaming in your ear with hopes of getting on the tour bus this place is awesome. I would not hesitate to see a show here.
4	Tiesto on April 2, 2011 was freaking awesome here! The line was really fast and I purchased the 3rd floor seats with the open bar. The whole layout of this place is awesome and you would never know that it was tucked away at the Hard Rock Casino. Anyways, the open bar was from 9pm-11pm and you just had to tip the bartenders a buck. Instead of fighting in line to get drinks, there were several stations set up to serve drinks.  The good thing about the third floor is you get to sit in seats. You can dance but when you get tired, you can sit, unlike the main floor where you have to stand for a while. Great view from the third floor and the bass was hard hitting, even though we were the farthest section away from the stage. Go with a crew of friends and you should have a blast.The show lasted from 10pm-4am! It was an epic night. This is a great venue for artists and if you want to see Tiesto live, Vegas is the way to go.
3	Went to see Arcade Fire here last night. was excited to check out the Joint since they moved it when remodeling Hard Rock. Saw a bunch of shows at the old one, but haven't got to too many shows since my kids were born. Had balcony seats which I expected to allow me to go onto the floor also, but it seems they charge more for that and keep you separated. Could have snuck on but whatever. Went up to balcony, back to our seats in 401 Row J seats 7,8 and after the first 2 songs sounding like DJ train wrecking, I thought either Arcade Fire got wasted in Vegas or the sound is sooooo bad in those seats. I had a feeling it was the latter as no speakers were close and it seemed like a lot of reverb getting in the way. So we got up and walked up front to an opening by the railings on side, were we walked into balcony area. Much better sound. Better view too. Stayed there for rest of the show which was great. Arcade Fire was awesome live and sounded great in new spot. The floor looked mobbed but I assume sounded good down there too. All in all there is nothing special or exciting about this place as a concert venue, and I would recommend either getting floor or standing up front in balcony. They need to buy separate speakers for balcony seats in back. Very Lame for someone who might not have known it was just bad place to be sound wise.
4	Saw Arcade Fire here last night. Line moved really fast. We had floor seats. The sound was amazing and Arcade Fire did great. They kept kicking on the ac every now and then so I didnt get too hot like most venues.  The only issue I had was with my bartender, she was too cool for school and was in a very bad mood. I closed my tab with her because shewas so rude. Also the security kept walking back n forth in front of us and were very rude also.
4	This venue is pretty nice. There are 3 floors, the speakers are great, and from every place, you can still see the stage. We paid for the open bar tickets which were about 40 bucks cheaper than the floor, There still plenty of room to move and there are chairs, plus OPEN BAR. No brainer. Went here for Tiesto. There were two djs before him that did a great job, then he played a 4 hours set. Im gonna say hes much better in person, than his Vegas Cd, so if you got that and like it, you should see him live, much better. Anyways, get the open bar, and go back every 10 minutes, cuz they'll jack the prices up crazy after open bar closes. A water bottle was 15 dollars. Tip the bar tenders, they kept the drinks strong. Good time.
5	I was there with my wife for Tiesto in Concert at 04/02/11. I researched the hell out of it before getting tix. DO NOT BE AFRAID to contact them with your questions. I think I have sent a ton of emails to them and to Tiesto's hosting company. Responses were very fast and very informational. After getting enough info to convince me (LOL), I got GA tix.We got there at around 10:30 pm. Entrance was with no line at all. They do ask you to pour all your drinks (if you have) in their plastic cups but security is not padding you in search of ... whatever. Here is the note to complainers on 15$ bottle of water (it is really 15$, I have bought it) - there is free in and out !!!! if you don't want to spend 15$ - get your ass out, get water and get back in :) I was too lazy to get out, plus music was too good to leave, so I bought that famous 15$ water. Bartenders were nice overall. They were giving me ice for free with no bitching, and that's why were tipped for.  Crowd was small and pretty mellow at that hour, but as second opening DJ (Adrian Lux) got on stage it got bigger... and bigger... and bigger... and fu****g bigger!!! By the time he was done and they have announced Tiesto (about 12:30 - 1 am), it was like a sardine can! With PHENOMENAL opening, the RAVE began. Yeah... some of the characters that we saw were flying sooooo high, they could not even reach themselves LOL Some were very disgusting, some were sleeping in standing position but that is the beauty of GA :) We had great crowd around us and after jumping nonstop for few hours we called it quits... went to just wonder around the club. VIP tables have very nice location, security, waitresses, seating areas, designated space with no crowd. If you are considering to go with crowd over 10 peeps - think of paying a little more and  getting one. Cause you can be in GA if you want and back in seating area if you want, no one checks your tickets once you are in and there is almost no seating area in GA area.There is smocking allowed inside, which is a bit too much for GA area but overall ventilation does its job pretty good. You'll still stink like an ashtray in the morning no mater what.   Summary: YES YES and YES!!! This is a killa-venue for Tiesto! A bit pricey, but what do you expect from Vegas.  Be smart ;)
4	I see a mixed bag of reviews on here and I have not been to many music venues in Vegas. But I have been to a lot of venues on the west coast. I have been here twice now , once for a private event Lenny Kravitz event for Motorola during CES and once for Weezer. I really like the size of this place since I really prefer concert that seat as few as possible and a 4000 people crowd (according to Wikipedia) is a lot more fun than a 20,000 people crowd. Great sound and I enjoy the standing room rail spaced ramped/stadium   seating. I hate the idea of sitting for a concert.. thats a different story. The bar however  is ridiculous !! way to long of a wait and prices that are high even for vegas standards. It is lot smarter to just drink in the Circle bar before you enter. I would give 3.5 star if I could but I think 3 stars is too harsh.
3	Here is what The Joint is good at: bringing in great live acts and charging an outrageous amount of "fees" and "entertainment taxes" on said acts. Here is what The Joint is bad at: everything else. I had a moderate like for it when it was in the old space-granted it was much smaller but it gave the intimate feel that you don't often get with the acts that they have the pull to bring in. The new space (which has been open for about four years or so) is large and accommodating but has a gross corporate feel that I'm assuming is due to the Hard Rock trying to revamp it's image and appeal to people who don't live here. I get it. It's just sad that their music venue had to suffer as a result. They're a typical Strip venue- douchey security, overpriced drinks, big screens for those of us not fortunate to score front row seats or those of us too over it to push our way to the front of the crowd in a GA situation.  The acoustics are pretty good-they better be for the price I pay to get in. One thing I've noticed is that their ushers have always been really nice. Overall, just an average concert hall that doesn't really deserve half the acts that they're able to bring in.
3	Downgrading to 3 stars after going to Santana tonight. So, I guess for show that have a large +40 crowd they need to put the chairs on the floor so there brittle knees can sit. However the the 100 section before you are on the floor that is usually standing with rails should NOT HAVE CHAIRS!FUCK! You take an open section that is about 9 feet long and add 3 rows of seats that literally leaves  2 feet of width between seats. Meaning you are jumping over crashing through people to get to your seat and then every time the 50 year old women in the middle need to double fist drinks for refils you have to have to get up. Which they did 4 times during the 3 hour concert.  The old people crowd as the show went on decided to dance but it really looked more like epileptic seizures all around.
4	Cool concert joint. Very intimate setting, and every seat has a great view. Bars are efficient, and the lady in the bathroom is a great addition. Santana put on a great show, with a variety of performers and visual effects chiming in, including Orianthe, that girl who in the Michael Jackson movie, and one of the guys from the Doors. My dad knew every song and was delighted to be there, despite the excruciatingly expensive tickets. My only major complaint was the taxi situation. The Hard Rock isn't on the Strip, and why would we rent a car in Vegas? After the concert, the taxi line had maybe 200 people in it within five minutes, and the doormen were only loading ONE taxi at a time. Seriously people, do you not throw several concerts a week? We walked the mile and a half back to the Paris, ruining my shoes on all the gravel in the process, rather than wait an hour for a taxi after a 2.5 hr concert. Cool venue, but definitely make sure you arrange a ride back to the Strip in advance.
4	Saw the Tiesto concert there sound was great. Nice clean place no line to get in friendly staff and bartenders.
4	Love the location. From most entrances in the casino your at the box office pretty quickly. Once the doors open they get you inside pretty fast. The balcony seating is nice and soft, doesnt hurt the ass. Not sure if all concerts have it here but it was open bar for a Hour when i seen Dj Tiesto. Glad it was, the drink i paid for came to 14 Damn Dollars. Which seemed expensive to me, even by Concert standards. Good lighting and the sound system is good as well. The Taxi line was long as hell, they could do a better job at managing it. But walk straight up Harmon and your back on the strip. So i would skip the cab.
4	came here for TIESTO'S concert a week ago...IT. WAS. EXCELLENT!first of all, although the event was sold out, they didn't sell too many tickets, so that the main floor, which was pretty small, never got too crowded and packed. we could dance to our heart's desires without bumping ass with everyone, and we were able to walk and move around freely. the second and third floors were also comfortably full. i was almost jealous that they had seating available. besides the bar in the back there was a random drink station on the main floor near the stage which i kept going back to to get cups of just ice, since WATER WAS $15. you don't miss much if you arrive after 11pm because the first opening DJ played extremely mellow music and we were all bored as fuck. no one was dancing. it felt like we were at a cocktail party. the second opener (hardwell) started playing more energetic and intense music and got the party started...more people started coming to life but it was still less than half the crowdtiesto didn't come on until 1am, wearing a small pink t-shirt, but once he did, it was nonstop hard beats, new tracks, old tracks, tracks from his kaleidoscope album, and remixed classics. his set was pure energy and happiness. even up until 5am when i had no energy left he was still bumping intense music. the lights were pretty entertaining, and confetti and streamers periodically rained down from the ceiling...my faaavorite! near the end he played an moving remix of "forever young" that made me want to cry bittersweet tears. fack. you can go in and out as long as you present your ticket, and you can bring drinks in. attire varied widely...ranging from shorts and t-shirts, to dresses and heels for girls, to dress shirts and jeans for guys which eventually turned into wifebeaters and jeans...i wore a dress (because vegas is sexy time) and flip flops so my feet wouldn't get destroyed.tiesto's concert here was SO worth the $50. i loved every second of his set!p.s. my friend lost his ticket before the concert (i have no idea how), and once they saw his utterly devastated expression, the people were nice enough to print him a whole new one for free.
4	I saw The Moody Blues this past Friday night and the acoustics were great. I sat in the Orchestra Reserved section where there was plenty of elbow room between seats and enough room for whenever people needed to pass by to go to the bar. The bar in back had several bartenders and was always at least 5 deep. I didn't have the patience to wait for a drink. Proving that The Moody Blues are just as good sober.
4	Saw the Deftones here and thought the sound and lay out of the place was great for a concert. I like the tiered floor space so that you can have a better view. Great sounds and I think the beer guy walking around selling beers is a nice feature. I am sure I will be back!
5	I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago to hang out and just relax. Upon rolling up to the Hardrock where we were staying a friend and I both saw the Marquee with DEFTONES written all over it. Within a matter of seconds I knew we'd be making it to the Deftones concert that weekend for sure.Tickets were really expensive at the box office. 2 friends bought them for full price $60 something and we luckily scored two for $20 from some guy that had extras. Let me tell you, I've gone to my fair share of concerts back in the day from Korn, Powerman5000, Papa Roach to Ozzy and Warped Tour. I've seen plenty of venues around the U.S. and think the Joint is one of the best. The floor is big and spacious. The arena is tiered so there is not a bad seat or standing room in this place. There are 3 big screens surrounding the stage and the acoustics were bomb. Seriously one of the best concerts I have ever been to and the venue made it that much better.I'm coming back to see Incubus in October and I can't wait.
5	I am not sure I would have honestly ever gone to this place if it had not been for Angel Management Group and a promotion they did Independence day wknd; giving away tables at the Joint to see Tiesto. We had seen him at EDC and pretty much figured that was stellar and would use our resources elsewhere. However, I won a table through the promotion and we went. The nights Tiesto is there, are insane. The line is around the casino area where the club is all the way around into the back hall and so on. When they pointed us in that direction for the VIP line, I almost fell out cause we kept walking and the line didn't end. Finally I found a security and asked if we were walking the right line? He responded, "Oh no ma'am the VIP is still around the corner up that way, PAST the line. WHEW!! So we got to the little opening where they do VIP and there were a handful of ppl there waiting to be seated. We met up with our check in person, got tickets, stamps and table wristbands and were then escorted up. They have a couple of different levels that look down on the "arena" area. We were on the second floor on the right hand side of the stage. We had a small table but an awesome view. Tiesto rocked the Joint and we stayed til they rolled the carpets up at 4am.It was an amazing time, like no other and we are so grateful to Angel Mgmt for the great evening with Tiesto.
5	I loved this place. I was in Vegas a few weeks ago and the day before I saw in one of the magazines Deftones would be in town for a show. I thought fuck yeah I have not seen them since like 97 or 98, Gotta check this.  I knew it would be so worth it to go here.  This was one of the best shows I have ever been to, and it was cheaper than if I would've gone to this tour in NJ or NY for that matter.  I got my ticket one hour before showtime at the box office and with the ticket master fee it was $37.00.  I know for a fact in NY this would've been at 50 bucksor at least $70.00 to get in. The venue was really nice- not huge but a nice size. I got there really early so I guided myself by the front. The playlist Deftones chose was excellent too. Back to School is one of my favorite songs, and of course Minerva.  I was surprised the didn't play Whole in the Earth though, but its ok...  La Butcherette, Dillinger Escape Plan were the opening acts.Chino did a great job live, the crowd was really into it.  There were some hotties in the crowd too so that was cool. I got up close and personal with some cute nerdy latina.  She was a local vegas chick there.  The Pit was kinda to my right and at least I didn't have to duck punches or anything but yeah the crowd did get tossed to the left and right sometimes.  I would come back to this venue in the future.  I didn't get any drinks at the bar so I am not sure about the prices and all that. I wasn't in the mood for overpaying for beer.http://youtu.be/wp8Xw-wsaNQDeftones in concert, playing Back to School.
4	Came here for 2 nights of  Widespread Panic & it was pretty flippen sweet. Security was cool..no problems. They even let us bring in booze from our room. Dont think that is allowed tho.We were able to roam about where ever we wanted. And we found a great spot right by the stage.It was also nice that the security turned a blind eye to all the party favors going around since it was alot like a dead show.Gotta love jam bands!!
4	Came here last night to see Soundgarden.  This was actually my first time in the Hard Rock Hotel!  I loved the ambiance!After you make your way through the casino, The Joint, is in the back.  Easy to get to, security was nice, and it was easy in and out.We had general admission on the floor and there was plenty of room.  I always get super hot at concerts and this one I felt really comfortable without getting too warm at all.  Major points for good climate control!I don't think you can get a bad "seat" or standing position in the place.  The bar had lines but they went reasonably fast and the bartenders made good drinks.I would definitely come back to see another concert!
2	Saw Soundgarden last night.  They crushed for 2 hours 15 minutes solid.  But the Joint; well that's another story.  First, the the positives.  Great view from any point in the venue, and nice restrooms.  Now the negatives:My wife and I bought VIP tickets in order to have a seat.  200 dollars each; again; great view.  Wanted a couple of draft beers; were instructed that they only have draft beer on the first floor.  Proceeded to first floor and were told that we were not allowed at that bar.  WTF?  If we had GA tix we could go, but not VIP.  HUH?  We have wristbands and tickets, what is the problem.  Well, the little security man was just a cattle prod with a penis and could not be bothered with logic; so we went back upstairs.  A very nice bartender upstairs offered to get us some beers after he saw our frustration.  He was then promptly written up by his TOOL of a manager for going downstairs.  To add insult to injury, the only draft available was Bud and Bud light.  Earth to Hard Rock; calling the Hard Rock -- this is a friggin rock n roll venue;  where the hell is the draft beer?  They will gladly pour you a canned beer into a plastic cup, but no draft?  Seriously.Secondly; the sound was loud to the point of distortion.  Now, don't get me wrong, I like decibels until my ears bleed; but it shouldn't be a muddy mush of audio soup.  Get some effin clarity please.  All in all, wouldn't go back.  Probably a great venue for those who want to stand five hours in the GA section, but VIP at the Joint must stand for Viscious Internal Probing.  I think I need some Preparation H.
5	Loved this place! Pricey but worth every penny! 3 levels of party is outrageous and the lines for the bathroom ain't long at all!
4	Great venue for acoustics and stage visibility. The G&A section is a tiered concrete floor (only downside) and the seating at the back of the hall seemed alright (although a little further back than I care for).I plan to more shows here and recommend for a concert.
5	I love the newly remodeled Joint! Especially since I'm short, General Admission is not a fun option for me, however, the floor is tiered (so that even if you are in the back, you will still be about 2 feet higher than the people in front of you). We saw Linkin Park here and surprisingly, except for the pit area, the rest of the crowd was pretty respectful and not pushing even though it's still general admission floor. I can't complain about anything - great acoustics and really nice place to see a band!
4	I always enjoy going to the Hard Rock for dinner,drinks or my favorite local activity..People Watching! Last night was my first venture into The Joint.-Parking was a pleasure ever since they added the new garage off of Harmon-The line that was formed from the box office area all the way past the tattoo shop in the hallway. This would not be a big deal but the line moved so slowly. Is it always this bad for a concert? I was in line 30-45 mins before the start time and i made it in just in time for the opening song. I felt bad for the others who were still waiting. The was the biggest turn off of my experience!!!-The concert area was larger than i expected. A large floor for general admission and balcony seating on the sides and in the back. Sound was great and there are two monitors for even better viewing.I would definately go back for another show here but i hope they would work on their pre concert screening so every makes it in on time.
4	I miss the old Joint. So many memories and great times there. Plus, it was smaller, cooler, and just sounded better - to me anyways. But alas, the old Joint is gone and the new Joint is here.But new Joint ain't so bad. It's significantly bigger, but the spirit of the old Joint is still there. The best thing about the old and new Joint is the tiered floor levels. It's all GA, but there are several levels of railings to perch on. And this means you can be in the back and still see the full stage unobstructed - which is a great thing if you aren't exactly tall.And the sound is still incredible. And the bar area is larger at the new Joint - so less time waiting for a beer. Plus, there are flatscreens showing the show above the bars, so you never have to miss anything.All in all, it's still a great venue to catch a live show.
1	Saw disturbed here and the acoustics were horrid. It was loud as hell and the instruments sounded ok but the singers voice just sounded like he had a cloth stuffed in his mouth. Really surprised at how bad that concert sounded.
3	I went to the Tiesto show on July 2.  It was my first time there and I don't think I would go back for an EDM show.  The feeling was waaaaay too corporate.  The bartenders could not handle the crowd and when one bartender made a vodka tonic after my boyfriend asked for vodka monster, she wouldn't correct the error.  There was also was a crazy female security guard in the bathroom that was shaking people down. No bueno.  I heart Tiesto so his show was sick but I will stick to rock shows at The Joint.
4	This was a much bigger venue than I had expected.  That is not meant to be negative, it was just shocking to us when we arrived.  We saw Roger Daltrey perform there and had a good time.  The drinks were pricey, but that's Vegas.  This was one of the cleanest venues we had been in and we really enjoyed easy bar and bathroom access.  We would be happy to see another show here in the future.
4	This place was huge-- three floors, big VIP section, huge pit!We came to see Tiesto and had bottle service.  I don't think I would have lasted very long if we hadn't had our own space.  Every time we needed to go to the bathroom and go into the general area, it was chaotic, people bumping into each other etc.Entry for VIP and bottle service was very organized and impressive.  It was quick and we were at our table pretty quickly after checking in.  We had a great space to dance, with a couch, table and drinks.    People around us were chill.  Servers/bussers were attentive and security was tight and they dealt with issues (mainly a really drunk girl who puked everywhere at the table next to us) quickly and professionally.  It made the night run smoothly.  The show was great and lasted longer than we expected, which was great.  We took a taxi home and  walked to the next spot to avoid the RIDICULOUS lines at the Hard Rock.
4	Just saw GNR on New Year's Eve at the Joint. I liked the venue, perfect size (holds 4000 at max), absolutely great sound system. Make that a phenomenal sound system. Entry was organized and easy. Drink prices are ridiculous but they always are at concerts so that is nothing new.My main (and only) complaint is that the Joint allows smoking. Is that not a fire hazard? We were surrounded by smokers so our clothes stink and it was hard to breathe at times. I cannot believe that in the 21 century there are still venues that allow smoking. I guess the management never heard of the dangers and annoyance of second hand smoke. Anyway, it's a great venue and I would love to see more concerts there. Next time I will bring a ventilator.
4	I've seen a few shows and been to some non-concert events like a Super Bowl party and the Fetish and Fantasy Ball.  This venue is fine for all that in my book.  Nothing extraordinaire.  Just a decent modern concert hall.  I'd much rather be here than the MGM Grand Garden Arena.  The VIP boxes are a nice, comfy way to go.   But you don't pay as much attention to the show since you end up interested in what food is coming out next, letting the servers know what you want to drink and bs'ing with other folks there.  The side tables are only good if they're comped.  They aren't worth the price.  I'd rather just be in the standing area above them.    It's a little less personal compared to The Pearl or House of Blues but if one of my favorite bands play here, I'm there.
4	Fuck Ticketmaster, if you are in Vegas stop off at the Joint's box office. You won't have to pay any ridiculous surcharges, you'll have the ability to choose your seat and you'll most likely get a better seat then you would online. However it's not really money saved as you will end up spending the difference on a drink here. I went to the Joint for a Strikeforce event and had seats a few rows away from the front of the balcony. The striking from the octagon permeated throughout the arena and the sound quality was on point. I wasn't sure what to expect with the layout, but the venue seems optimized for any event. I wouldn't hesitate to get tickets for any future concerts next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This venue is huge and the layout is pretty awesome.Don and I came here for the first time the other day after winning some Cedric the Entertainer tickets. We were given free balcony seating tickets. The seats were pretty far back, but it gave us a pretty nice view of the entire venue. Plus, they had two large projected screens anyway. The show started on time with two openers whom were both pretty funny. The sound system was great. I could hear everyone loud and clear. However, there were a few things that annoyed me, like the group of extremely loud and obnoxious people behind us and the dirty lady sitting next to Don that was FILING HER NAILS and had so many belongings that she didn't even notice her big coat was taking up half of Don's lap. She also kept taking pictures WITH FLASH. Why would you take a picture with flash on when you're pretty damn far away from the stage? That just made no sense, but no one stopped her. In fact, there were a bunch of people taking pictures with flash in the audience. I mean, I understand they let people take pictures, but they should really prohibit the use of flash. It's just very distracting and annoying. Other than that, I still had fun here and I'd love to see an actual concert here because the venue is very nice.
5	I just saw the new Motley Crue show here.  AWESOME! the layout here is great and you should go with general admission if you can because the seats on the main floor are kind of far back.  Plenty of bar service so the lines are short.  I want to go back!!
5	This place was great. Saw motley crue here and by far it is the best I've ever seen them. The place was clean and we had a great view from the 300 section tables. There were plenty of bars so it was not crowded. The restrooms were super clean and the waitresses were friendly.
5	Yay, I'm a fan! No complaints about the venue here at all. There didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house and the alcohol wasn't as insanely expensive as I'd have thought ($5 for a beer, albeit a small one).It was really easy to get in and out of the venue, and that's a huge plus in my book. I hate waiting for an hour just to walk out the door.
4	There are lots of things to like about the Joint.  1) Small/Medium venue that is cozy enough there probably isn't a bad seat in the house.2) They have a a great big bar on the bottom level with not too badly priced beers and drinks....for Vegas....and a concert venue....3) The seats are comfy enough (although you don't really use them during the concert) and they provide you a good view of the stage if on the floor. Plus they have waitresses come take your order if you don't want to schlep to the bar.  Now some of the things I don't care for are that the seats on the bottom level (or everywhere maybe) are not fixed.  They are kind of flimsily bolted down and if you are at a particularly wild show (like Motley Crue) people tend to knock them out of place and they end up all over!  Also, I really don't know how great the acoustics are in the Joint.  When we saw Crue 1/2 the song were frikken amazing, pitch perfect, rock out awesome.  However, the other half seemed like either Vince Neil, his mic or the sound crew were having major troubles.  Not sure if that is the venue, the singer or what - so they lose a star. I would go back, without hesitation.  Its a nice joint!  And Crue rocked in the end, slight sound hiccups aside!
3	Great venue!  We came here for the 311 Fan Party that featured 311 music, Polynesian dancers, and an Arial artist. Drinks were inexpensive and the vibe was great! It was pretty amazing! My only beef is that there was no sitting room and at one point I got really hot and claustrophobic so I sat down out of the way by the mirrored wall because I felt like I was going to faint.  A security came up and rather than making sure I was okay he was rude.  I told him I wasn't feeling well and just needed to sit for a minute.  He said my options were to get up or go to the medic.  I just got up and went to an open area to get fresh air and I was okay, but that jerk really irked me!
2	I don't understand how a venue "designed" for music shows has such bad acoustics! The sound was really terrible and put a bit of a damper on the show.  Hmmm.... probably because the whole place is concrete? I wouldn't go back here again unless I was really dying to see a band, but then I'd probably be sad because they sounded horrible.On the plus side, the restrooms are easily accessible; and there were cocktail waitresses that came into the crowd and took orders.... but that's not what really counts when I want to hear good music.
3	I came to the new Joint for the first time for Friday night boxing last week.  The original Joint was where I went to my first bout.  It was interesting to see how it had changed.  The seats I purchased for the fight were towards the back just in front of the standing room section.  Though my dad and I were in the back, we could still clearly see the ring and the boxers within.  The lights above were rather bright but that is what you get when you go to a televised bout.  I saw a few celebrities down ring side who were taking pictures with fans and signing autographs.  Most noteably was Oscar de la Hoya.  That was exciting to see.  While I had a great time at the fight, it was not due to The Joint and how it is set up.  In fact, that is what I did not like about it.  There are terraced sections that head upwards as you move towards the back.  This may provide a better view of the stage but it also contains people in small areas with no place to go but sideways to get out.  These terraced sections are enclosed by a fence and railing.  If everybody had to escape in a hurry say due to an unfortunate fire, there would be some even more unfortunate incidents in trying to escape.  I hope that never happens.  On the lighter side of complaints, the seats set up for the boxing are not at all comfortable.  They are slightly padded but not enough for the several hours spent in them for a boxing match.  The backs are also inclined too far.  It put a lot of pressure on my lower back.  For comfort and possible safety concerns, I have to dock The Joint a bit.
4	Berlin, Brett Michaels, Cheap Trick - free concert! 80's rock party! Bang your head!I was at the Joint last night to attend a free concert courtesy of the Infocomm Show - big props to VER, JBL, and Panasonic! Three bands that sounded great and put on a terrific show. With each playing for an hour or so this was like watching a greatest hits of 80's rock anthems. Berlin surprised me the most at how good they were and Terri Nunn's voice was amazing. Brett is Brett - the eternal rock and roller and his set was full of energy and terrific songs. He just loves performing in front of a crowd. Cheap Trick brought the house down with a consummate set of songs such as Dream Police, I Want You To Want Me, Surrender, and so many other hits that they had over the years. Rick Neilson is still one of the best guitarists of his era.I was pretty impressed at the sound and acoustics here, considering the whole place is one big concrete floor room. The front of house guy nailed it, as each band sounded crystal clear, and the vocals were easily heard. The Joint is basically one big huge room with a concrete floor that angles down as you get closer to the upraised stage, so there are terrific sight lines no matter if you are in the front or standing in the back. There are actually three levels with the upper ones having seats and VIP booths. The main floor has a large pit area and then railed tiered levels as you head to the back. I tried a few different spots and all were a good view and sound. They also have some pretty cool lighting and effects over the stage and along the side walls.There is a big bar on the bottom level that runs the length of the back area. Lots of bartenders and cocktail waitresses coming around for drinks. Easy access in and out of the place and pretty big bathrooms which is always a plus. I also had to notice the terrific air conditioning here. Even though it was crowded it was not at all hot and sweaty as many venues get. They also keep this place clean, as between each act a crew of people came around and picked up all the trash and mopped up any spills. Wow. Impressive.Would I come back here to see a concert? In a heartbeat! This is a great venue and it's so cool to walk out into the Hard Rock and gamble to even more great music.
2	The Joint has grown, and not in a good way.I was at the Joint two years ago: saw Modest Mouse and was stunned at the size of the venue. It was teeny tiny, so there were zero bad seats in the whole house. It was delightfully grungy. I left that experience vowing to see more shows there due to the intimate setting.Not anymore. The Joint is a giant soulless loading dock. Take out the screen and you could park a small fleet of naval cruisers and warships inside. You could even stack them due to the amazing amount of wasted space above the ground seating. The Balcony is so far back they should have never left home. The decor says "upgraded high school gym". I don't know what this space used to be, but it was clearly not designed primarily for live music.Also the beer on tap is just awful crap and Shock Top which is pretending to not be awful crap but totally is all the same. Some positives: Large Screens so the people waaaaaaaaaaaay in the back can see the performer. Yay! Helpful bar staff, and wait staff taking the orders of people already seated (not during the show, but before.) The ability to taunt your less attentive friends ("Haha your seats are back there? I'm all the way up here! Look how much closer I am!"). You can see music and get booze here, so it can't be all bad, but in a place that considers itself to be the Temple of Music in Las Vegas- I'd be ashamed.  The House of Blues does a much better version of this in an establishment that has a lot more character- and it's a chain restaurant.
4	pretty cool spot. multiple levels, and bars all over the place.  yay!  went to a private concert here - had a great time. the food sucked, but that was the people hosting the party, not the venue.  for concerts there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  just big enough, but still has a bit of that small club feel.  liked it
2	What in the hell? The "best" seats are actually made of cheap metal folding chairs with stained cushions?Free-flowing booze and douchebags that can't follow simple directions (HELLO!  There's no smoking in the venue, dipshits!!  Security told you 20 times!)  Getting beer spilled on me while watching the Axl Rose and Friends Show (aka Guns 'N Roses) on my man's birthday?  You're gonna get a fist in your face!With that being said, whose idea was it to make The Joint entirely of concrete?  It just makes the acoustics very shitty and I could barely hear Axl Rose sing!I don't recall Axl sounding terrible when I saw GNR back in March at the Wiltern in LA.  Ugh, I really felt like shanking some bitches afterward...Would love to see GNR again.  Just not at "The Joint".
4	I have seen 4 or 5 shows at this venue so far, and it has fast become my favorite place to see a show in Las Vegas, now that I've discovered that you can buy a VIP "skybox" seat.Before that, it was your average 4,000 seat sweatbox, with a haphazard staff, but a large stage with great production. I liked that there were large, efficient bars, so you can wet your whistle during any given show, and it probably would have warranted a solid 3-star review.But for Motley Crue, I noticed that you could spend a little extra for a VIP box, and man was that a whole different experience. First off, you get what is essentially a sky-box, that is accessed via a special, private floor, completely separate from the general admission madness. each box seats only 10 people, so you can either buy a couple of seats in that box and have only a small handful of neighbors, or get some friends together to buy the box out for a completely private concert experience. In addition to the 10 seats in the front of the box, there are also lounge-style stools, and even some sofas, for chilling between sets.Finally, there are servers there to take your order, so you don't have to go to the bar, the bar comes to you.This has become my absolute favorite way to to see a show, as my patience for the general public wears thinner and thinner with each passing year. It costs more, but you definitely get what you pay for in this instance.
4	I like it here as a concert venue.  While other yelpers have voiced a negative opinion, I had a great experience watching the Guns N Roses concert here.We purchased the floor tickets and had to stand the entire concert.  These were great tickets.  We got to stand up close to the stage and that is what I liked about it.  Being to able to get close and not pay an arm and a leg to do so.  I was expecting the floor to be packed and oversold but it was not the case.  Lots of elbow room.Bathrooms are easy to get to and it wasn't a very long wait to get more beer.I have no complaints about the sound system either.If you want an up close view, I would recommend standing on the floor...  that is that what I will opt for again...
4	My 1st concert at The Joint and I got to get real cozy with the place as we were all waiting on beloved yet notoriously late rock and roll star Axl Rose to take the stage.  Show was supposed to be 10PM but it was almost 2 hours later that Axl made his appearance with Guns N Roses--and they played until after 3AM.  The venue looks just about like the Moody Theater/ACL Live in Austin though if you've never been there this would be completely irrelevant.  What I'm saying is that the venue is intimate enough to make you feel like you are up close yet big enough to hold thousands of people (thank you 2009 renovations).  There is the stage, and a concert pit area coming out from there and then 2 other levels above that.  Lots of famous musicians have played here including Aerosmith, Motley Crue and last year's residency of Tiesto.  This year Guns N Roses picked The Joint to do their 2ish week run of shows.  The sound system is great speaking from a perspective of being in front of the stage on the floor though I have no idea what the effects are from the other levels as I have heard mixed things.  Drinks will cost you your first born child but you can save up as a concert of your life might be worth it.
3	I can't believe I haven't reviewed The Joint yet. Not my favorite concert venue in town, but it's good enough.I thought old The Joint was fine, but I suppose they wanted to fit more concert goers in and make more money.We've experienced seats, standing on the floor general admission, and this last concert we attended were stuck up on the 3rd level balcony which was also standing general admission. It was nice being away from the crowds but the view and sound wasn't as good as lower levels. The bartenders were quick, so we never had to wait in line long. The bathrooms are really close too which makes for a quick pit stop while a not so favorite song is playing. Even though there was a security guard right by the men's room the smell of weed was over powering every time the door was open, so if you're sensitive to it, stand in a different area.Drink prices are still high, typical for Las Vegas concert venues. The crowd can be rowdy and drunk, sometimes I wonder why they go to a concert at all, talking or texting the whole show.We already have tickets for a concert in February, so of course we will continue to visit this venue.
4	I saw Guns and Roses here and damn even at age 50 Axl still has it. The venue is cool b/c it's small so no matter where you sit the seats are decent. I like how open the space is - you can get a drink and still see the stage. The sound on the lower level was great. But I dislike that smoking is allowed in the venue. I know it's Vegas but come on, why does everyone have to inhale other people's smoke. They should at least use proper ventilation or make the smokers go into a separate area.
3	Went to see the "Not So Silent Night" tour with Train, Better than Ezra etc.  The concerts were amazing and sound was great!  My only arguement is this was my first Joint concert where there was assigned seating.  We got there a little late being that the first two concerts we didnt need to see.  When we were shown our seats (they were on the floor-row MM) they were in the middle of the row.  The chairs were so jammed packed in there that its almost impossible to get to your seat without interrupting everone around you.  Most of the row had to move out of the row so that we could find our seats.  I don't know...I dont have much complaints as I loved the show.  Absolutely amazing....but God forbid if you need to go to the bathroom or grab a beer.  Be prepared to stay in your seats!  You would almost think it would be a hazard to be that packed in.Anyways, love the Joint especially when yo
2	First visit (post rebrand): WEC 42. It was moved from one part of the Hard Rock to another and resized from a club venue to a monstrosity that affords you only a fraction of the awesome lines-of-sight that the previous The Joint afforded before its relocation/renaming to The Joint Rogue. Anyone who walks into this venue after having been in the other one really gets a shock when they see the new size of this thing and a bigger shock if they get a terrible line-of-sight to the stage/cage.I have attended too many shows and Mixed Martial Arts events here to list, both before when it was club-sized and probably a four-to-five star venue to now where it has no idea what it is (is it a mid-size venue with arena-level shittiness?) or have enough competent staff to be able to fulfill their duties. One specially asinine experience with their incompetent staff: my girlfriend was dizzy from the BTU-heat being generated by the crowd on the floor during an Interpol/White Rabbit/Imagine Dragons concert. So we walk out of the pit and get to the back wall off to the side (bothering no one, except one overly inconsiderate staff member) and she sits on the ground so she does not keel over while I run over to the bar to get preposterously priced bottles of water. "Get up!" she is yelled instead of affording her a minute to bring down her body temp or asking if she is feeling alright. I get there right after she is threatened with being kicked out in her condition. Awesome. Hard Rock staff in a nutshell. Another asinine experience since I have so many: different show, same award-winning staff. We queue for an Arcade Fire/Local Natives Coachella runoff show. Once we are inside on barrier centre there is this fat, clearly Mallcop-Paul-Blart-inspired staff member (with a shirt one size too small for his portly mid section). He is so intent on being a Employee of the Month that he is watching everyone creepily like a hawk to make sure he can throw someone out. Of course he throws someone out, and since his friend protests -- although he was doing nothing besides protesting, which he has a right to do since the fucking show had not even started yet, this goon security gets in his most gut-sucked, chest-out posterior and squares up from across the barrier with this guy from LA and keeps repeatedly asking in an agitated manner if he wants to join his friend. Great conflict resolution. Something tells me that this clown would not be so brave if he was not inside The Joint with all the other black shirts backing him like a gang of unfit J.R.O.T.C. rejects. The afterparty room upstairs is overly tiny and sucks as much as The Joint's staff but at least Blart is not there. - E
4	I am a big fan of The Joint.  The venue is not gigantic so you can see the stage from wherever you are sitting. The attendants who guard the seating area are a little crazy...I think I had 3 people check my ticket within 2 minutes.  I sat up in the suites where we had a great server who kept our drink order running, but the drinks were incredibly expensive, way over priced.  And a big big bummer, they dont serve food.  Who doesn't serve food to a bunch of people who are drinking!!?  And the event was from 2:30pm to 9pm.  They could have made a killing with just nachos, pretzels and hot dogs.
5	I love The Joint! We saw GNR here in Nov '12, and not only was the show AH-MAY-ZING, the venue really kicked ass too. We bought some of the least expensive tickets and had an awesome view. It was clean, the staff was friendly, all around a great experience. I can't wait to catch another show here soon.
3	I came here for a Muay Thai fight. I couldn't find anywhere online where I could view a seating chart for a boxing ring set up which made buying tickets difficult. I ended up with a view of the corner of the ring slightly obstructed by the camera boom. A friend whose view was terribly obstructed complained and was re-seated easily. Getting in and out of the venue was easy. The seats were super close to each other. They can work on labeling row and seats better. Despite my apparent bitching I liked the venue enough for a fight. Unfortunately, the person I came to see didn't win. Boo!
4	I love the bar area. Great acoustics make this a venue worth visiting!
3	Came here to see Stone Sour, douchehole Papa Roach fans ruined it. $14 water, $12 beers. Place kinda smells like a fart, no joke. Luckily the drunk lady in front of me had strong perfume on. Ok acoustics. Just reminded me of why I don't see rock shows in Vegas I guess.
4	You can take the Girl out of the '80s but you can't take the "Rocker" out of the girl!  We were in Vegas last weekend for our daughter's soccer tournament and guess who  was in town playing at the Joint? Def Leppard!  Had to go for lots of reason!  Yes, they still have the one-armed-drummer and can still sing.  This was my second time seeing a concert at the Joint and I have to say.....it is a great venue.  There was seating everywhere which was fabulous - not fighting for space or elbowing your way to keep your spot is pretty nice.  Have to say, it was tight but it was nice to have a place to lay my bag that was not the floor.  It was easy getting in and getting out, the concert started on time and the bathroom lines were fast (always a good thing when you are a girl)
5	This is a great live venue. I saw Guns N Roses as well as Def Leppard here recently and was very pleased with the acoustics of this venue as well as the quality of the production. The lighting and sound are amazing and it really gives House of Blues a run for it's money!
5	Saw Def Leppard here- this show was one of the best shows I have ever been to! The venue is amazing- The Joint is small enough to allow everyone- even the people in the very back- to see the entire stage up close! Glad I stood in the back- the floor seating was pretty tight, and there is plenty of leaning room in the back, where you can still see the whole stage and the 3 screens showing great shots of all the guys. Def Leppard still rocks after all these years, and they have never sounded better. They play a new setlist every night before they reach intermission, after which they play the entire Hysteria album. Definitely a once in a lifetime event!! Had an amazing time, wish I could have gone to more than one night!
5	I saw Def Leppard on April 5, 2013. What a great show. We were in row GG, on the right side of the stage. the view was acceptable. The seating goes way outside the sightline for the stage. We were in the last two seats on that row. ...7th row but how the seats were set up, we were actually 3rd row. The sound was great. It was easy to get in and out. Took a cab there and back to the Flamingo. Once we got to our seats, we never left them. it's not often that you can see a band like DL in such a small venue. The place only holds 4,000 people.
4	My rocker wife and I just got back from seeing Def Leppard and have to say I was impressed.  First off, they let me bring in my own beer which was a really good thing considering they charge $12 for a bud light!   I learned that the hard way when I went to replenish and fortify.   Great concert, great sound system and the seating is done well.  We had people traipsing back and forth in front of us so we moved to the seats behind us with no fuss from the staff.   All in all, a good concert experience.  Just smuggle when it comes to drinks or you'll take it in the pooper!
5	favorite spot by far in vegas!! will be there may 3rd!!!
5	Prince was awesome. Nice little venue, not a bad seat in the house.
2	Nice venue for the Prince show last night, but he only played for an hour and ten minutes! Now I know this is a review of the Joint, but until the venues start holding the artist accountable, we will be getting ripped off.  The General Admission tix were about $230 for the both of us. That's pretty expensive for a seventy minute show.  Make these artists sign a contract that they will play for a certain amount of time and let the consumer know how long. That way we can decide whether we want to pony up the money to see it. I am so mad I want my money back. A seventy minute show, REALLY?
4	This was a great venue for my first concert at the Joint. We saw Prince on Friday night and would see him from the floor and from the suite. What a show!
3	This was my first concert here, was pretty good...we saw Prince.  The concert was pretty short, which was disappointing, I thought it would be longer than an hour and 15?  Only mentioning it in this review, because I'd think that the venue would have a longer show...we were at the 8pm first show, the second was at 11pm. Anyways, the concert was good, not a bad seat in the house, great small venue.However, it was weird.  We had tickets for the front stage area, standing room only.  Which I got on Ticketmaster, and were the "best available seats", also most expensive available at the time.  And were good.  But, weirdly, when we scanned and went in, not one staff member ever checked where our tickets were, we just walked on down to the front.  Making me think it was so crowded down front (we had to stand way to the side) because everyone just went where ever they wanted, no one was checking tickets.  Also, of course the drinks were a complete rip-off.  We got in line and I got 2 Blueberry Vodkas w/ Soda ($22), boyfriend got 2 Bud Lights ($24).  WTF, how is beer more expensive than Vodka?  Weird.  I asked the bartender but she just said "they're large beers"  Not like we're at the Hofbrau Haus in Munich and they're as large as your head...they were probably 20 ounces.  Whatever.  I didn't go to Vegas thinking I'd come home with a lot of cash.
4	I haven't been here in years- before they remodeled the Joint, so it was nice seeing the changes. We saw Prince at the 8pm show on Saturday. Excellent show, no opening act, and started maybe 15 min late. I think it was around an hour and 20 min, with a 15-20 min encore. I enjoyed it because it was a small venue, so you could see him pretty well. Our tickets were "best available" for $95. I knew that meant standing room only on the floor, but I thought there might be a designation for ticket price- (ie, the expensive tickets got to stand closer). That wasn't the case- you just went down to the floor and stood where ever. So, I might have been better off buying the cheaper seats.The sound quality and stage effects were great, and of course Prince was amazing!
3	Great venue for seeing a musical performance. General admission floor seating allows you to get as close as you want to the stage and just about every table has a perfect view. Acoustics were great They do have screens on each side of the stage, but for the Prince show that I attended, they gladly didn't turn them on. Before the show, the screens were used for advertising and announcements. I thought it was ironic that a notice that any photography or video recording was prohibited followed an advertisement by a telecom provider asking people to "text pics" of the show to them on Twitter. Nonetheless, once the show started, security was tapping a lot of people on the shoulder for using their mobile phones to take photos.
5	The Joint is a huge venue. In my youth, I would have loved to be in the general admission and fight my way to the front, but now I am more of stand on the balcony type of person. At least that was how I was during Kenny Chesney. Being in the VIP area up top was definitely the way to go. The bar upstairs never has a line and the cocktail waitresses come around frequently. If you are sober at a country concert then you are not doing it right. I was shocked that the venue was doing a drink special. Malibu had a spiced rum specially for the No Shoes Nation tour. It tastes like Captain. Any drink or shot with it was only $5. For two bud lights and three rum and diets, it ran us $31. That is unheard of on the strip. The view from the VIP area is awesome! There is room to dance and drink without others bumping into you. We were on the far left side and had the perfect view of Kenny. Of course he sang all of his hits and played for two hours straight. I just wished that Zac Brown Band was opening up for him like they do on other stops. I can't complain too much though. Great night!
5	This was my first time at The Joint and I had a great experience. I ended up with two tickets for the Prince late show on April 27 on accident, but the venue was very accommodating in help me switch one of the tickets to the early show( neither show was sold out) through Ticketmaster (who were giving me a ridiculously hard time). It was an intimate venue and there really is no bad seat. The security were really nice, even joking with us since we had been in line for such a long time. I would definately come to this venue again as this was one of the best concert experiences I have had!!!
5	One of the best venues and music bang for your buck!  For $72 we saw Ice Cube, LLCoolJ, Dela Soul and Public Enemy.  We were able to get close enough to reach out and touch them!  Well...if we could get passed the bouncers!We proceeded to get right in front of the stage while LLCoolJ was rapping.    General Admission was $72 (standing room only) Tables are $100 and VIP is $200.  I recommended General Admission if you want to be up close and personal with the artist.   All in all an excellent deal.  Plenty of elbow room for dancing.  I recommended comfortable shoes and not heels ladies...The drinks were pricey, but my best advice is to drink before you arrive.  Would I see another concert here? YES!Would I get their in time for the opening act second time around? YES!Would I see the #KOTMT again? Hell ya!Unfortunately we missed the 2 opening acts, Dela Soul and Public Enemy.  However LLCoolJ and Ice Cube, rocked the bells!
4	i was impressed with the Joint. My first time at this venue was to see a PaRaMoRe concert. I really like the layout. I'm very short and have always had issues at concerts when it came to getting a great view. But that wasn't the issue. It's large enough to hold a good crowd of people but small enough for the concert to be more on the intimate side.
3	This place is great to see music at.  I have seen Them Crooked Vultures and Santana here.  This place is okay for boxing, which I have seen here countless times over the last four years, and it is horrid for MMA.I have been to three MMA events at the Joint; none of them started on time.  Instead of posting when the event would start, they just had you stand in line.  Which is really dumb because if I knew I had an hour or two to kill, I would go find a bar, or gamble, or find someway to spend money in the casino.I really like the offerings at the bar; I wish they had a better food selection though.I prefer seeing boxing at MGM, MB, or a Stations casino, but this place is built for music and is a great place to see music.
5	SPLITBREED performed at the Joint on July 4th. Security was friendly and helpful. Staff was great but the place was understaffed for the event. Nice green rooms as well. By far the best venue in vegas, and we have played in most major hotels!http://facebook.com/splitbreed
3	I really didn't love this venue.  Saw Hall & Oates here (don't judge me! lol) and I was expecting to have as good of a time as the last time I saw them at the Borgata in Atlantic City.  But this venue made it less enjoyable.  We initially got on a line we thought was to enter the venue.  Turns out it was just to get tickets and you had to go a very roundabout way to enter at the same spot if you already had your tickets.  We weren't the only people to make this mistake.  Seating assignments weren't very easy to decipher.  Little stickers on the floor label the rows.  Also, it's just a tight space.  A heavy set woman sitting next to me was pinching my thigh the whole time we were sitting.  Not her fault that the seating situation isn't spacious enough, but it was really uncomfortable.  When people would come through the aisles to get to their seat, you'd have no choice but to just move your knees to the side to let them through because standing up just made it even more difficult for them to pass by.  My drink was WEAK and expensive!  But I guess this is no different from any other concert venue.  On the bright side, it's not a very big venue so it kind of harks back to a time where concerts were in small, intimate spaces.  Any seat here would be a pretty good location in relation to the stage, it seems.  Wouldn't come here again except to see a concert that I really cannot miss.
4	Great venue to watch a show - I saw Prince perform and it was great to see him in a more intimate setting...whether you're upfront close to the artist/act or in the back or balcony section, the sound is fantastic.It'd be great to watch other performances here...
5	Big and air conditioned! It's the next best thing to an outdoor venue. It was great. If you going to a show here and aren't looking to stay at the Hard Rock, the Rumor across the street has decent priced rooms that aren't too shabby. It's a bargain hotel without having to lower yourself to a motel 6 or the Budget Hotel.
3	This venue is ok. Nothing much to really say. But here's what i've got.I saw Linkin Park here, I had a great time as i'm a big fan of LP. Bought a couple shirts and a wrist band here, Also Coheed and Cambria was opening along with 2 other bands, and got some merchandise of Coheed and Cambria.Service was "fast" but not really friendly, while i was buying merch, the guy who helped me didn't even talk to me, other than saying the price and my total. It was fine i got my stuff, but it sure turns my head the other way. I like to talk to people at special events and concerts and it seems to me the guy looked angry aha.Anyways, the show was good, people i met were awesome, the venue was ok. Sound was ok, Lights were good, Drinks were.. same as always. That's all there is to it.  Will come back, as i'm sure my favorite bands will play here eventually.
3	I bought tickets for my hubby as a birthday gift as his favorite band was performing at the Joint.We saw Carnival of Madness featuring Shinedown with special guests Papa Roach, Skillet, In This Moment and We As Human, playing on Sunday, September 15th, 2013We love love love love Shinedown which is one of our personal favorite bands ever.This was a 6 hour concert so I purchased balcony tickets, front row of the top tier which was actually very good seating. We really enjoyed the concert and being together as this was our first visit to The Joint for an event.My only issue is that I wish the box office Management and staff had more integrity and were more up front with seating and ticket purchases. I explained to the box office agent in person that I wanted to get very good specific seating for this special occasion. She claims that the front section of the balcony was sold out as we were going over the seating chart together which is what I had wanted. So I picked out the best seats left on the balcony, front row of the 2nd tier and was told that I had 72 hours to obtain a refund or exchange for different seats.I went in person to the box office to purchase tickets so I could specifically discuss seating as I wanted something special for my baby's birthday. She then tells me in order to purchase VIP seating I would have to email a certain person at jointvip@hrhvegas.com who only handles those request. I emailed the representative as informed to do and am sent back the following price list. The seating I wanted was VIP Loft Level Tickets which I was informed was ' SOLD OUT" by the box office agent. Which was not true, they were available however only through the VIP contact at a much higher price. I just ended up keeping the tickets I bought and it worked out as the seats were decent. The Joint don't impress me much so I hope the next time Shinedown comes to town they perform elsewhere.***********************************************************************************************A VIP Table on the 2nd Level costs $1,200 and includes: (Section 201 - Studio Level) - 4 tickets- An open bar- An escort through the crowd and to your table- Custom VIP Credential for each guestYou can purchase two tickets to a VIP table for half of the price, with the understanding that you may be sitting with another couple.A VIP Suite on the 2nd Level costs $5,000 and includes: (Suite 1, 2 or 3 - Studio Level)- 12 tickets- An open bar- An escort through the crowd and to your suite- Custom VIP Credential for each guest- Suite Food Packages available for an additional charge A VIP Loft Level Ticket costs $100 and includes:  (Balcony seating in Section 302, 303, or 304 - Row A)- 1 Seated Ticket in the front row of the Loft Level / 3rd Level  - Custom VIP Credential for each guest- An escort through the crowd and to your seat
4	I came here for the Rock of Allegiance Tour featuring Volbeat, H.I.M., All That Remains, and Airborne. The venue is a great wide open area highly conducive for acoustics. The sound system is impeccable. However, I was not a big fan of some sort of $9 beer night special they were running, but it is to be expected from any venue.
4	Been here a number of times and went this time for the Motley Crue residency.  Awesome show with crazy pyro.  The venue and seating were well above average, the cocktails were fine, and the security and organization to keep things moving were fine.  You can't expect perfection at a concert because people are people and lots of people always creates some issues.  Either way, always love seeing concerts here.  Staying in the hotel makes it even more convenient.
4	Great acoustics here.  Went to see Motley Crue and were definitely pleased with the show.  Would definitely go back to a show here again.
4	4.7 StarsLocation Overview:Hard Rock Casino is definitely a place for the younger crowd. Casino-The Joint is nothing but filled with historical musicians and records. This place is perfectly decorated with Musicians pictures, clothes, records, musical instruments and great music playing all the time. The joint is a decent size for any type of concert. There is a big section near the stage for general admission. About 100-150-ft back it breaks off into General admission with higher stands. Up top towards the back there are about 100 seats looking straight at the stage. On the sides (which I have stood) have a great view of the stage and you are closer than those in seats and those in (a crowded area) in general admission. I have bought tickets for this area twice and have never had a problem with it. It is off to the side with no seats but standing is not a problem when you are jamming to the music and do not have to deal with over crowded people. That is the difference between this section and general admission. You can see the stage, the artist and not be over crowded. Customer Service:The first time I came here it was to see Paramore and It took about an 3 hours for everyone to get through the door. Ushers were there to great just usual "hey guys, welcome and things like that". The people at the concession stands were fine. Just trying to rush each person through the line because everyone wants a drink which I didn't mind. Quantity/Quality:Quantity in a sense of space and room there was plenty. Quality of course there was a great amount of time put into how a concert room should look. Side Notes:Just like any concert general admission can be good and bad. good that you are close to the stage but bad when there are about 200 others making it hard to breath. I would personally pay the extra $30 to get a seat or upstairs side seat.
4	Just saw my first show at The Joint and I enjoyed it.  I like the size of it... big enough to have a big crowd, but small enough so you can see from everywhere.  It kind of reminded me of seeing a show at a House of Blues.  I had ponied up for tickets about ten rows back from the stage, so we could see Motley Crue great.  This particular show included probably the most pyrotechnics I have ever seen at a concert, and that includes the 80s arena shows I used to go to!  It was pretty awesome.  The sound was good... like most shows the music seems to drown out the vocals a bit, but not a big deal.It was fast and easy to get inside and there were a ton of ushers to help get you to the right seats.  Every employee I encountered was friendly.  They had plenty of drink lines so it was easy to grab a beer and the bathrooms are inside so quick to run to when you need to and then get back to your seat!  Looks like they do a lot of standing concerts and then just set up seats in whatever configuration they want when doing a seated show.Overall, I enjoyed it and would see another show here for sure.
4	great venue, big enough to not be cramped and tight but small enough to be intimate and close to all the action on stage. My friends and I got Motley Crue tickets and sat in the 5th row dead center. best seats I have eveer had at a concert in my entire life. looking forward to my next show at the joint
3	The Joint is a perfectly fine and generic music venue. The acoustics are dandy, the beer prices are steep, and you will have to wait in a line of cars to get out of the garage afterward. (Pro Tip: Park at the Silver Sevens - formerly Terrible's - walk the half block and save yourself the headache.) However, if you want to see certain bands, you do not get to pick the venue (unless you are Scrooge McDuck), so we are stuck with places like The Joint, The Pearl, or House of Blues - which is not all that bad. They are corporately ran, so you get perks like cleanliness (relative to concert venues), security, and a decent layout. They may not be exactly ideal, but these venues are decent enough - and most people I know are not coming for the theater, they are coming for the act.
5	This review is for the Suites at The JointI have been the The Joint venue twice for shows, and love the size, sound and general layout of the venue; large, yet intimate. We booked tickets to see Motley Crue in the Suites and loved it.The suites are small rooms, on the second floor. There are washrooms and a bar just outside the door, and across the hallway. We had a waitress serving us before and during the show. The suites are FIRST COME FIRST SERVE for seating! Very important detail! There are two rows of 5 very comfy chairs along the front, and a bar with 4 bar stools over looking the two rows. There is a couch in the back facing a large flat screen TV with a live feed of the show. We arrived early and scooped a couple chairs in the front, and when a group of 5 older drunk guys showed up,they were out of luck, and left. Ha. More room for us!The sight lines are amazing, the chairs great and the easy access to the bar and bathrooms made this a winner.
5	Great acoustics, excellent crowd control, easy to get in and out, free parking - probably everything you could ask for in a venue that holds ~3,000-4,000.
4	i have seen a pet shop boys concert and it was my first time to see them live here. IT WAS AWESOMEEEE!
3	First off, this review is for the venue itself, and NOT the band. Second, this is my first concert so my viewpoint on it will be a bit skewed. Anyways, so the venue itself seemed to be pretty standard in size, although having several floors definitely was pretty cool. Sound system was amazing though, it got loud without any signs of distortion. Light show that accompanied the show was also top-notch. In terms of crowd size, however, it seems like the show was oversold, it was packed on the lower floors. Which would have been ok in itself, but our "assigned seats" we're practically useless unless you were sitting on the balcony. I can understand that since it's standing room only, that you wouldn't be able to sit exactly where you bought, but it should be pretty close or at least in the same section, right?? We ended up standing further back from the stage from our section since everyone just flooded the front. At least having some staff directing people to their sections would have been nice considering that people paid MORE for some tickets than others. Overall, the A/V system was amazing, but the staff's control of the situation was sorely lacking. Would I come back to the Joint? Depends who's playing. Then again, maybe I just need to go to more concerts.
4	Good sound quality and great visuals. We went for Chelsea Wolfe and Queens of the Stone Age.
3	I haven't been to a show at the Joint in almost a decade, it has been renovated since then and seems to look better. We went with friends to the Queens of the Stone Age concert. They were great live despite me leaving thoroughly in pain and angry at the assholes in the GA area. The venue is pretty decently sized. The floor has the usual front pit area and then there are standing areas separated by rails and are slightly raised. There is a balcony area which has seating and on the side of the balcony are vip tables and also areas to stand and hangout too. Of course there's a bar, but I didn't drink anything so I cannot comment on prices or selection other than a friend being so pleased they had Zima.The sound was pretty good in there. It was balanced and not reverb or too loud. Didn't deal too much with the staff. They werent circulating the crowd and stopping people from being asshats, but if you vape they were inside your ass in seconds about it. I also got in trouble for having bottled water and had to pour it into a plastic cup. I think I am just too salty and old for the shenanigans of the Pit and I've been blessed and spoiled that it was actually my first (and last) time in the mill of things. I'm sure I'll see a show again here but from a seat. I'll review again once that happens. For now A-OK.
5	This place has some of the best sound for a concert that I've ever had the pleasure of hearing.Fun fact: I used to work for the circus (insert all the bearded lady jokes here) and I've been to many, many venues across the country as a result of it.  I don't throw "best sound" around lightly - for me a concert means nothing if the equipment is not up to par.My most recent venture here was for The Pixies, which was a good show.  More for checking off my bucket list than anything, but the audio was superb.Drinks are a bit pricy, but come on - do you expect $2 PBRs at one of the most well-known places for rock and roll in the world?  No.  Get your bad beer outta here and just be absorbed in the rad music, likeminded crowd, and overall well-fitting ambience of The Joint.I wish ALL bands that I like played here.  Unfortunately, that's just not the case - sometimes I have to settle for House of Blues at Mandalay Bay (ick).
4	I saw linkin park here. I enjoyed it. I saw them at the sunset music festival and it was not that great. The venue is small so you feel the intimacy even if you are in the back at the bar. They have rails to separate people. PLus they have levels if you can not handle being around people. I will defintely see them again here.
1	Worst ever. I work production,Own a Successful production company here in town, and this is just a sad case of people not doing there job. Buy tickets to the Brooklyn Bowl or HOB. The joint is BS.  This was the first and last time I come here. Got tickets for row CC seats 1 & 2 and row DD seats 3 & 4. They didn't add enough chairs for row DD. Gave my seats away in row CC and didn't have the seats for row DD. An hour later they corrected there mistake after having to talk to several security guards (with attitudes) and managers (who were dumbfounded) was pretty simple to me. Seats 3 & 4. I could count down the row and figure it out. But it was my fault you set the wrong seating chart then wouldn't move the people in the wrong seats because they didn't want to move. Like I said. Never come here again. Will be protesting you for a while after this unprofessionalism.
4	I remember the very first show at the Joint. My dad was lucky enough to attend at sat next to Jack Nickelson and he will tell the story a million times. The new Hard Rock music venue in Vegas! Well, let's just say this review is a little more up to date. Since opening in the late 90's, the Joint has renovated, yet still keeping the sound distinguished and the setting intimate. Before the renovation I seen shows like, No Doubt, Alicia Keys, John Legend, and even a fair share of punk shows. My most recent experience was a little more old school with Cheech & Chong and the band WAR. They kept the 3 level high ceiling, however floor 2 is more VIP than it use to be. About 8 private booths with comfy chairs, and then seats with tables and waitress's along the side overlooking the stage. GREAT layout. The 3rd floor is a bit higher up than I remember, but still a great view. The floor you have the option for G/A or seating depending on the show. And the sound, better than ever before! I was very impressed when War got down on "Low Rider" and the bass was still nice and clean. My only complaint, the uppity staff! Dude were at WAR AND CHEECH & CHONG, PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE SMOKING POT!!!  We had his one security guard who we called "Johnny Bravo" cuz he kept walking by with his chest out sniffing us like he was a K-9. Get over yourself bro. Other than that, I can't wait to see another show here! Hopefully Mr. Bravo himself will be working again to add to the entertainment.
4	Went to th Guns and Roses show here.  Great performance/staging/sound at a really cool venue.  We had seats on the floor section, fairly comfortable for folding chairs.Never had been to the joint prior, nice medium sized concert hall.Bought some gnr specialty drinks, bartender didn't even know about till we gave her their menu.  Great drinks for $8.Only negative here was the entrance line which took you on a hike for about 1/2 hour and was disorganized.
4	Saw Jim Jeffries there today. Good sound. The entire ground floor appears to have been folding chairs. Row DD, there was only one seat between us and Jim. There was a large full bar in the back. Location was drowned with model looking amazons. Double plus.
1	Worst venue ever!  Waited in a short line by one entrance,  about 15 feet from the merchandise table.  Security said we can't go straight to table,  have to walk around.  So we walk 1/4 mile around to another line.  Wait.  Go in. As the lady was about to scan our tickets,  I asked about the merch table.  She said go now and come back when done.  So we do that.  My kids get yelled at by security because we aren't allowed to come back in.  No line,  we just need to go back around.  Again. So we exit (by the first security guard) and walk the 1/4 mile again. As we get close to the front,  security stops us. We aren't allowed to bring in the merchandise that we just bought at the table. Are you ducking kidding me?? I managed to shove the crap into my purse,  and they reluctantly let us in. So we're back at the ticket scanner lady when some other lady cuts in front FROM THE MERCHANDISE TABLE and gets her ticket scanned before us.   My jaw fell to the floor.  If my daughters' lifetime of happiness was not so dependant on seeing Austin Mahone tonight,  I would have seriously flipped my shift at this point.  Ticket scanner shrugged her shoulders and says,  "she's VIP." Ok. I get it.  I'm not important enough to be treated like a human being.  Well then,  HRH,  you can go duck yourself.  This will be my last experience with anything related to Hard Rock.  I'll spend my money at places that appreciate me and don't treat me and my kids like lab rats. And you know what else?  It's Vegas,  summer,  110 degrees.  They waited until 20 minutes after the show started before turning on the a/c.  -- as I'm about to submit this,  my kids just pointed out paramedics helping someone that passed out.  I wonder if the heat had something to do with that.
5	Came for Lion Fight 18 Sept 5 2014. Great experience from start to finish. My 11 year old son thought everything was so cool and he had a blast. Staff seemed pretty friendly for the most part. Not really any bad seats unless you have a super tall person in front of you. We'll be back. I'm hoping to see a concert here in the future. Bathrooms were clean. So that's always a bonus.
1	Horrible service! Long waits, they don't even have real lemonade but they don't tell their customers that, and if you go to a different bartender they can't even replace your drink!!! So you have to wait another 40 min for a drink! Worst concert experience ever. Will never come back here
3	I first saw Atlantis Morrissette here back in the late 90's when The Joint was very cozy.  We saw Darius Rucker at the expanded joint recently and were not as pleased with the experience.  The place is okay but does not have the same feel as the previous Joint.  The staff were also very disorganized and not very friendly.  You have to enter by their convention area which is a pain.  It would be nice it you could exit that way as it is pretty close to the Paradise Garage.  Of course they make you exit through the casino though.I would attend another concert here as the place isn't horrible.  Parking can be a bit rough, especially if there are multiple events going on.
5	First time here and I really liked this venue. It's big enough to have room to move, plenty of great locations for viewing the show, and enough irons to put you as close, or as far, from the entertainment as you'd like. The bar service was quick and staff was friendly.
4	Great venue but the security guards were a little too rude for my liking. Sound system was great though
4	if you lucky enough to see a good band or singer this place is the bomb :)
3	I've been to The Joint 3 times--once in the old Joint and twice in the newer, enlarged Joint.For the current Joint, the flow of people in and out was well designed but I wonder why they didn't install a reversible escalator so part of the crown could go downstairs that way and the rest by stairs.For this concert of KISS, I got balcony seating.  I liked it better than floor seating because I found the floor seating to be very tightly packed next to each other.  The balcony on the other hand had theatre style seats that were comfortable.The sound and lighting in the Joint are exceptional.  Needless to say, KISS had a lot of pyro effects and the lighting was great.  It would be nice if they could have raised the catwalk.  It was in the way for some of the stage viewing.There aren't too many shows that I would go here to see but if I went again, I'd try to get a table seat on the side balconies.As a tip, park in the Paradise garage for easy access to the Joint.
5	Saw KISS at The Joint and this is just a really great venue. The space is perfect for a band like this. I also saw Def Lepard here and the closeness to the stage is incredible with just amazing sound, not to mention the artists themselves. When I first got there the line to get in was incredibly long and my wife and I thought there would be no way we would get in on time. Well they moved that line faster than any other place I have ever been to. Once in The Joint there are several bars and the space is large so you don't feel crunched before the show. After the rest concert, the exit was just as easy as the entry. Well done Joint. You have gotten these residencies down!!
4	Came to see KISS during their residency at The Joint.  We purchased and printed tickets at home so didn't have to go to the Box office.  On concert day, we went to the conference door area and were directed to a specific line according to wear our seats were.  Doors open at 7 and show at 8, and we went in around 7:20.  The next staff person checked my purse by opening each zipper and looking quickly inside.  We had checked in a bag at the concierge as they aren't allowed in.   The lines moved quickly and there are lots of staff telling you where to go.  We went inside and up the escalator to the balcony.  The walkways are wide so it's not crowded and cramped.  The men's washroom is by the top of the escalator and the women's is closer to the seats.  There was a cart of two of people selling beer and drinks along the way.  Women's washroom big and clean, so good with no line ups before show time.Our tickets were for the third row (CC) from front balcony.  There wasn't anyone there to help us find our seats and I wasn't sure of the section but found a sign by the seating.  It was a good view of the stage.  Higher the catwalk might block part of the stage but no issues for us.Great sound and music, but also the pyrotechnics with lights, and bangs were cools.  There were 2 large screens on each side of the stage which offered closeups of Gene's tongue and Paul shaking his bum.  Great stage set up and Eric played his drums high up from the stage too.As with any concert, crowded going down the stairs after the show but once in the lobby, it wasn't bad.  Would definitely come see a show here again.  Not sure how comfortable it is in the lower bowl as the fold up seats seemed close together.
4	This is the way concerts are meant to be seen. I can see why The Joint was named one of the top 25 music venues in the U.S. by Billboard Magazine. The chairs are comfortable and roomy and every part of the venue offers a decent view of the stage. It's kind of like a combination of a theatre and an arena. It's got theatre comfort and intimacy with the excitement and adrenaline of a traditional sports venue. The balcony seats are superior to what you'll find on the floor. The floor seats appear to be just fold-out chairs. But usually people on the floor stand up for the whole show anyway so it probably doesn't make much difference.The process of getting in the venue is surprisingly orderly and organized. When you walk in the front door the staff direct you which line to go in to get to your section the fastest. Unlike in an arena where everyone gets through the door and is immediately smushed together and fighting to make it through.I wouldn't recommend ordering a drink here as the booze is expensive but there's got to be a trade-off for comfy seats, great sound, orderly process, and a great view.I look forward to my next concert at The Joint.
4	Came here in August as saw the Legends of Hip Hop Tour, which was a fun/interesting crowd. Hip hop crosses many generations and cultures so you saw the old school people who were probably the same age as Slick Rick (who rocked it but is probably somebody's grandpa now as he didn't move a whole lot, lol) to younger folks whose parents probably raised them on the music, so they were there out of respect and curiosity. Kinda like how I'd check out the Temptations or Earth Wind and Fire.   It was a good sized crowd that night but not so much where people were hot and uncomfortable, so that was good. I bought the side balcony GA tickets and thought they were pretty good. Since I'm not one to be on the GA floor and being squished anymore (or trying to handshake the performer) I enjoyed being above the crowd and seeing everything. The side GA balcony has pretty good views especially the closer you get to the stage. Because it's GA you do have to get there earlier to score a space at the railing. I like how because you're standing already you can dance and groove as you are. With seats, you have to be courteous of others around you. Can't be standing up the whole time unless everyone else is. As a lot of people have mentioned, there really is no bad seat in the house and the acoustics/sound was great. It's large enough but small enough. The tickets you buy really depends on how "involved" you'd like to be at your concert. Standing GA is always in the thick of the action and the bouncing/dancing crowd. Seats will get you comfort at a distance and again, the GA up above gives you a little bit of both.  The bummers is that if you buy balcony tickets, they will not let you mingle downstairs and vice versa, however there are bars all over this facility so there wasn't any lines for anything, even the bathrooms! I'd definitely see another concert here again if given the opportunity.
2	At a show now. The venue is top notch. The security is short tempered and on a power trip. We almost left because of the attitudes and confrontational demeanor. Other than the uptight personnel and cameras all over making you feel like a criminal, it's a nice place. Doubt we will return to this venue, the House of Blues is sooooooo much better.  Drinks are way too expensive as well!!
3	Surprisingly decent venue- larger than expected, back wall is a massive bar. Lines for drinks get long, and prices are predictably steep for generic draft beer, but the staff are friendly. In addition to bartenders, there are a lot of people cleaning and monitoring the crowd, which is a nice touch.Bathrooms are huge with 20+ stalls, so getting in a trip between sets isn't a huge wait as it is at other venues. The acoustics are fairly good, but I found it odd that the general admission/floor area is divided up by odd iron rails- I understand they don't want a giant mosh pit going or anything, it's an unusual setup.
5	My favorite venue for a concert in vegas. It could be because I've been spoiled by 2 great concerts with excellent seats and 2 with vip, comp seating, compliments of my generous father. Guns n' Roses, Stone Temple Pilot feat. Chad, Linkin Park and the 4th will come to me, but it was before i quit drinking. Lol. Fantastic!
4	Really like this venue, been here a multitude of times to see a bunch of different bands. I choose GA seats cause at a rock show you shouldn't be sitting down. The venue is pretty clean they have a really great sound system as well as great lighting, the wait between band changes is fairly short. Drink prices are a little high but i go for the music. The crowd can get a little rowdy but security is usually on top of things if someone get's out of line and starts being too much of a jackass. This is a place to see some of the big and popular bands , I prefer Vinyl for an more intimate and up close experience but this is definitely in my top 5 venues in vegas.
