2	Not pleased with my experience yesterday. I have been having a check engine light problem and came here for the free analysis. The woman who helped me was not friendly, courteous, or knowledgeable-at least not enough to satisfy my inquiries after being handed my receipt with the diagnosis codes. Unfortunately I DO NOT understand such code jargon such as P0171 and P0455. After gathering four business cards and rating the mechanics as "kinda cheap, kinda expensive", I knew that this was obviously the most help I would get.I googled the codes and educated myself, with no help - other than JUST a piece of paper. Thanks going above and beyond Autozone.
2	Dropped a star just based on them trying to upsell me on everything.  I came in for a simple pack of lint free shop towels.  I first was offered the store credit card (for a $3 purchase), then was asked to buy a muli-tool, then a magnetic flashlight, then was asked if I wanted to purchase their oil filter and quarts of oil special...... NO, I just want my fuggin towels
3	Dropped off my old oil here. Easy although it was weird just trampling to the back and having to find it myself. LOL.
5	Quick service, helpful service. Just bought a battery. Good price. Excellent employees.
4	Not the largest of AutoZones, but still very functional and carries many parts. They offer friendly and helpful service. They see me a lot and they are always happy to be there. The parking lot is small so be careful entering or exiting. Their staff doesn't give you any noise when it comes to warranty replacements. Definitely a good team here.
1	Some of the worst customer service you will ever receive. Do not go here unless it is an absolute emergency, and even then try to find someplace else. The worst, the worst, THE WORST! There is ONE employee who is actually helpful, an older gentleman, no one else will feel compelled to help you at all. DO NOT SHOP HERE!
1	Another store said they had a part available that i needed. Went in and their system said they have two. The rep walked to the back and less than a minute later he came back and said check with another store. He didnt even suggest another location or look further into it. This location is filthy clean the place.
1	worst Autozone I have ever done business with I returned a battery here that was still under full replacement warranty. they could not find my warranty info. They were too busy dealing with the mobile mechanics they had repairing vehicles in the parking lot to give me their full attention. Took my dead battery home because i was not willing to pay for another one. took my battery on Saturday to the one on Broadway and mill took them a few minutes to find my warranty info and get my battery replaced. worst customer service i have ever received at any autozone, and i have 34 yrs in the repair business . Take you business else where, the worst part is that i live right around the corner
