4	There was a lot of anticipation among travelers of Rt. 65 to see what would move into the old Mocha Mountain space.  I was introduced to Bean Thru by their bright big sign and Groupon, which was a fantastic deal (5 drink punch card for $10).  I have gotten 4 of my free drinks so far and have always had very friendly service.  Their menu offers a wide variety of hot and cold drinks, smoothies, and snacks.  They get 5 stars for service, signage, and convenience.  You get your order, how you like it, with a smile and within the same amount of time as it would take in a walk in joint.  Prices are comparable to other nice coffee places.The quality of the Spiced Chai Tea Latte and the Mocha were very good.  They were more flavorful than overwhelmingly sweet, which I appreciate.  The coffee and espresso, in my opinion, is just OK.  I'm no coffee expert, but the coffee has a cardboardy taste.  It's still head and shoulders above other quick coffee stops, though, so I wouldn't let this sway you.  I haven't tried any of the food other than the granola bars (they offer NuGo bars, which I like in the vanilla).  For quality of coffee/food, I give them 3 stars.I love that Bean Thru is really making sure they are in the public eye.  Their website and facebook are both active and informative.  They are also taking advantage of sites like Groupon, which is great for those who want to try them out.  This is an area where I think Mocha Mountain could have done better, and I hope that Bean Thru benefits because of it!
4	I drive past Bean Thru every day on my way to work. I've often thought about stopping, but when I noticed several cars in line I always drove by, since I generally leave the house at the last possible minute. Can't be late for work, right?This morning I left a few minutes early because I really wanted a fancy coffee drink, it being Friday and all. Only one person was ahead of me, and it took about five minutes total to get my drink and be on my merry way. The baristas were friendly, and the man who made my drink greeted me with a genuine smile. That goes a long way towards brightening up a dreary Pittsburgh morning, I'll tell you. I also got a single chocolate-covered coffee bean with my drink (from Mon Aimee in the Strip, according to Bean Thru's website), and it was fantastic.I wanted to order one of the waffles, but I had a last-minute brain freeze and forgot. So I just got an iced raspberry truffle mocha. It was delicious, though a little on the sweet side (it has two Torani syrups and mocha; of course it was sweet). I can't judge the quality of their coffee based on that drink, but I plan future visits, so I'll let Yelp know.The drink menu is extensive and there are lots of great-looking options. Prices are a little too high for me to make a stop every day, but as a once a week treat, I'd rather stop here than Starbucks for sure. They also offer muffins, oatmeal, the aforementioned waffles (maple or cinnamon), a variety of amazing-sounding biscotti, local granola bars, and other morning food.I'm glad I made the stop. The friendly service and delicious drink were well worth hustling a little bit while getting ready in the morning.
4	The staff are very friendly and always so helpful
5	Best drive thru coffee spot!! All the baristas are really nice. I get a lg. mocha everytime and it is great.
4	Great coffee, friendly staff, plus you get a chocolate covered espresso bean with every cup!
5	This place gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning. No, but really. I bribe myself to get to work or school early just so I can stop and grab a coffee and a bagel before I sit in 65 traffic. (Morning commuters, I know you can relate to this.) Their coffee is amazing, and I love getting the chocolate covered espresso bean with every cup, but their lattes are extraordinary. I'm addicted to their Almond Joy Iced Latte. Their bagels are fresh and toasted to perfection every time. Best of all, I love the staff. It makes it worth the few extra minutes in line to get my coffee made with care, the right way, the first time, all with a smile on their faces. There is no better way to start my day. I bring anybody who comes to visit me, and recommend to any fancy drink lover.
5	I wish this place was on my way to work. It is a wonderful change from Starbucks. I prefer iced drinks to hot. I always get the white chocolate mocha. It has so much flavor and balance.  The drink is sweet without being too sweet. The bagels are also very good. They are a little slow, but it is worth the wait to get a quality drink.
5	As intimated by the name, the BeanThru is a drive-thru coffee joint; no sitting and pilfering free WiFi for hours here ;)I wish I went there more frequently. Coffee is tasty, and the prices are excellent. There's a huge menu with lots of gussied up coffees to choose from. This usually makes me suspicious, since the easiest way to disguise bland, yucky coffee is to add a bunch of crap to it. However, the barista knew his stuff, and I loved my cafe au lait!
5	There's nothing like a special coffee drink to rev up my day before getting to work downtown, and BeanThru is conveniently located on my commute. The first time I went to BeanThru, I attempted to order an iced Caramel Macchiato, one of my regular drinks from Starbucks. The Barista told me they were out of caramel syrup and asked me if I wanted to try it with another flavoring. I decided to go with hazelnut flavoring and caramel drizzle. The drink was no disappointment - it really hit the spot! Definitely on the sweeter side, but that's what I was anticipating. The barista was friendly and apologized for being out of the syrup, but after tasting the drink I was glad they were! I think it's so cute that they put a chocolate covered espresso bean on the lid of each drink. A really special/unique treat that I've not seen from other coffee places. Now that I know that BeanThru exists and is delicious I will be giving it more support than Starbucks.
5	First time checking this place out. I drive by this place every week when I'm in Bellevue, and I've wanted to stop quite a few times but today was the day!  The wait was short for 2 cars ahead of us, and the girls were super nice.  We ordered an iced mocha with and extra shot and an iced amaretto latte with an extra shot.  They were made quickly and we're mixed very well.  The mocha was just creamy/chocolatey/sweet enough with the extra shot.  For my taste, without the extra shot would have probably been too much.  My husband really enjoyed his latte.  The espresso blend is bright while also being smooth and complex.  Great little place!
5	Awesome! I've only had their drip coffee. They definitely use quality beans, are quick, super friendly (which is always nice, but certainly a plus if you haven't had your morning fix) and always appreciative of even a $0.75 tip (the balance from a $2.25 large). All of his combined with the fact that they are a local buisness makes spending money on coffee vs. making it at home worth it.
