5	Ray is a very good mechanic.  He has the experience and knows how to solve problems.I take my sled to Attitude for general maintenance, and will take it in to upgrade to a 6-speed tranny.I highly recommend Ray's shop:  Attitude Custom Cycles.
4	I dropped my bike off spur of the moment and they hooked it up. Only wish they would have know more about British bikes and then I would have given them a 5 star rating. I will definitely be back though. These guys are professional and very courteous.
5	Went back 3 days ago to have it serviced and they took care of it quick snap! They also showed me why my brakes had been making a bad noise, I had almost NO BRAKE PAD LEFT. So now I am going back tomorrow to have them install some new pipes and new brake pads. Nobody else in Las Vegas wants to even attempt to work on a British bike but these guys jumped all over it! Don't waste your time with Harley if you have a British bike, they will make you feel stupid. Bring it to the guys at Arlen Ness or "A Team" as they are now called.
4	The service dept does a stellar job!
5	I'm a female with a Piaggio (not to many mechanics can or will work on this type of bike) -and the ones who did were horrible.  When you have a bad experience you certainly can appreciate a good one.  A-Team was great from the moment I had the phone conversation with Jim.  He was polite, friendly, professional and honest.  When I got there I was acknowledged right away. The place was clean and orderly and everyone I talked to was friendly. Jim took the time to get a tune-up quote on my bike explained everything to me and went above and beyond my expectations. The work was done timely and I left very happy.  Thanks so much!  It's a good feeling to know I have a quality mechanics I can count on.
5	As an avid rider with 2 bikes, it's important to keep them running in top condition.I have a Harley and used to take it to the local HD dealer where the service was slow, unprofessional and the bill always put me in the poor house. I started going to the A team for service. The service Mgr. Jim has always been helpful, professional and gone out of his way to see that my needs have been taken care of. The service is second to none. the do quality work and would recommend the A team to anyone in need of repairs, service or custom fabrication. They are definitely an A+
1	Worst cycle store I have ever experienced!  They sold my friend a used bike for 11k.  Let him take it away with foul plugs, dirty oil and a crushed air filter.  You would think with spending that much in their shop they would have more pride in what they represent.  Sure it was a consignment bike, but come on!  They showed absolutely no concern for the purchase AT ALL!  They also let it leave with a gas leak right by the spark plugs!  Unbelievable.....I would not recommend even to my worst enemy!  Stay away!
5	It's in the little things ..... OK, so it's my third time here, first I had my rollers changed, then my tire had to be replaced and just the other day I had the clutch repaired. My bike runs better than it did when I first bought it!These guys know what there doing! Their consistent in service and charged me fairly. Very generous - They even went the extra mile to bleed my brake line and add more fluid.  Picked me up and dropped me off.  My bike got a bath and a wax and now it's shinning like a star!  (no extra charges for that) they tell me they do that for all their customers.Everyone one is super nice ... as usual. They also have a great selection of bikes and I think I found my next upgrade there!  So grateful I have a place I can TRUST.  These guys definitely rock!  .... believe me..... I'm a chick.
5	great GREAT experience. Troy in sales was very knowledgeable & helpful. Every employee there( sales, parts, service, management & service tech) was concerned that my experience was great. A real pleasure to do business there
1	GOT A BETTER DEAL IN AZ VICTORY DEAL SAVED OVER 2,000called and spoke with manager about a 2012 moto he got rude when i pointed out that it 2013 and i wanted a good deal and he said give me a price then told me to screw off i asked him to let me finish my question he went off never let me get a word  in  i call to buy a 2013 vision the Auto moto was for my girl to run around anyway he told me that the dealer will not sell me a bike and hung up on me well if that was a manager that is not a place where i will spend 30k at called AZ dealer got a great price right off the bat and included extended warrantyfree just something they do   WOW david USMC
5	These guys were 20% cheaper than the Honda dealer and 100% better!Heck, they even washed off the bugs on my wing!I'll definitely be back!Thanks A-Team!
1	If a zero rating were possible, this dealership would get it.Where should I start? With a deposit in place, I stopped by the dealership to find my bike out front on display in the rain.The salesman promised me merchandise that I never received.The employee that delivered my new motorcycle had no knowledge of the product.  Unable to answer any questions.Ordered parts from the service department with full payment up front with a 7-10 day quoted delivery time.  I called every couple of days to check on the status of my order.  Heard every excuse possible before learning of a "back order" status.  When canceling my order I had to pay for the part that did arrive or pay a re-stocking fee.If I ever spend another dollar at this dealership it will be too soon.My advice to you is go somewhere else.And then it gets better.Through some research I found a well recommended Aprilia mechanic in California.  I took the bike to him to have the first service done and install the same parts that I tried to buy from the dealer.  When I picked the bike up after being serviced I was informed that my motorcycle had never been assembled right by the dealer.  This lack of attention was causing the poor performance that I had been experiencing.
5	I admit that I have visited A-Team Motorcycles as a tire-kicking tourist while in Vegas, not as a checkbook-ready consumer.  That said... I've stopped in here numerous times, under both the current name/owner and the previous, and always found the staff to be courteous, friendly, engaging, conversational.   I've been offered and taken impromptu "tours" of their shop to see various custom jobs in progress.   The staff doesn't mind if I want to throw a leg over the (stock) bikes on the showroom floor.   I think I bought a t-shirt there, once. What's that say?  That you've got a welcoming and inviting store environment, a dealership that will and has treated me like a human, not as a wa$te of their time. And have I actually wasted their time?  Well if you the reader see this review and then go in there to buy an Indian from them (they have a great selection on hand btw), then maybe it's just good business sense that they're practicing, to treat everyone this way.   Lots of cycle dealers nationwide (Honda and Harley I'm talking to you, not all but certainly MANY) would do well to take this lesson.
2	I've been here several times now. The first time I came was just to look at some bikes after getting completely blown off by the Vegas Harley dealership on Rainbow and ignored. Everyone was polite, helpful, answered my questions, and generally gave me a good feeling about the place. That was back in March of this year. I got an email the other day for a special zero % financing deal for 2014 models and older, so I called in to see if they would apply this to the Gunner, the model I had been looking for, even though it's 2015. I was told on the phone that this would be no problem, and when could I come in. After driving there, I'm given the old bait and switch and told that the financing deal doesn't apply to the Gunner after all. I had mentioned that I'd been battling between the Judge and the Gunner, so I'm shown the Judge, sit on it, and the salesman tells me that it's 1k off PLUS zero % financing for 5 years PLUS a 5 year warranty. Add my 1k veteran discount to that and it's a deal too good to pass up. I pick a couple add on's I want put on the bike, do the credit check paperwork, and end up sitting in the office to sign my final papers. So the bike, as it had been explained to me initially, should have been $11,999, plus whatever extras I put on, which was about $1500 bucks worth. The paperwork in front of me says 21k. Now some of this is due to my own naivete I admit, not realizing I'd be charged fees for the dealer putting the bike together or installation of the extras I wanted. My assumption was that since I was buying there then whatever I wanted put on there, labor would be included. I'm not dinging them for that at all. But the guy who did the signing did inform me that it was 1k off the bike OR zero percent financing for 5 years, not both. Now I've been baited and switched and directly lied to. Whether this was intentional or due to ignorance on the salesman's part I'm not sure, nor do I particularly care. It pissed me off. Then there's a $2500 fee in there for a 3 year warranty. I ask some questions, and I'm still not clear on what all it covers. I never got a printed list or anything like that to show me. I wasn't asked about it, it wasn't explained before, it was just there in the total. I feel that was a bit unethical. I start getting a bad feeling, worse than I already had about dealing with these guys in the future after I've made the purchase if that's how business is done. So I decide I want to think things over, consider my options, and make a decision after taking the time to properly evaluate everything. The guy doing the signing asks if there's anything he can do, he was obviously disappointed but was still polite and courteous. He offered to buy some of my gear, helmet, gloves, jacket, in order to get the sale. I told him I'd take a look at the place he recommended I go to because the stock in this office is limited. I did, and back home I went. Now, two days straight, I've been called by the salesman asking me to buy the bike. I spoke to him today, and told him I'm thinking about it, I need time to consider everything, I'm shopping for insurance, looking for basic rider courses ( I haven't done that yet ), and that sort of thing. Today is Saturday, the dealership is closed on Sunday. He asks if I can come in Monday and buy it. Now this is the same guy who, intentionally or not, gave me a bait and switch and then either lied or was misinformed about the total deal I'd be getting. Now after explaining that I wanted to think about it, I'm getting pushed hard to buy. I am sure that I will go to another dealership after this and give someone else my money. Sorry guys, I hate writing poor reviews about businesses, but I hate having bad experiences as well. I left out names because if anyone from the dealership reads this, you'll know who I am and you'll know who dealt with me. No need for me to put that up where everyone else can see.
1	I went to buy a Victory Gunner a short while ago, and I brought my 3-year old daughter with me.  She's been to this location many times (when it was still branded as Arlen Ness), and she loves seeing the motorcycles and pretending to ride them.  We walked in and she was sitting on a cruiser in mere seconds, grinning from ear-to-ear.  Then the salesman came over and explained that insurance wouldn't allow for her to sit on the bikes.  We left and went straight over to Harley, and I'm very happy with my new muscle from Milwaukee.
