4	Nice Italian cuisine found inside the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino. They serve fine wines here.My friend & I decided to give this a place to try after we couldn't make up our minds on what to eat for dinner.  After all, we were in LV & there were so many choices. The food turned out to be great..We ordered the Stuffed Portobello, Rigatoni alla Amatriciana, Tortellini Abbruzzese served with our White Zinfandel wine. What a wonderful way to enjoy dinner and our trip:)
5	This Fellini's was amazing for both service and food quality. The staff were friendly, pleasant, EXTREMELY courteous, never let my water hit bottom and gave me another glass of wine on the house, as well as not charging me for my espresso at the end of the meal.I don't know why it's listed as @ Stratosphere, because this location on 5555 W. Charleston Blvd is NOT @ the Stratosphere, and in fact is in a quiet, unassuming little building between Jones and Decatur.They had live entertainment as well with both a man playing piano, as well as some singing later. Very skillful and not obnoxious at all. Be sure to make a reservation if you're going on a weekend though because the place was PACKED.Will be returning on my birthday next month to see if it was just a fluke for such great food and service, or whether it is a regular occurrence. I honestly felt like I was a regular there with how great I was treated.
1	Piss poor experience.  I went there, the idiot waiter asked if I wanted soup or salad and I told him no.  Then he asked if I wanted white or garlic bread and said it comes w/ the order.  Next thing I know, my bill is $6 more than it should be.  I was pissed and gave him a dirty look.  I will NEVER go back there.  I HATE restaurants that hire idiots that show poor customer service.  The only place I don't expect good customer service at all is Del Taco, where you have to practically have to bring a damn etch-a-sketch with you and draw what you want, unless you speak Spanish.  That's why I go to In-n-Out, glad I live in California.
