5	I was initially going to give Riva's 3-stars, as they're really just like any other Filiberto's/Umberto's/Roberto's/Ernie and Berto's out there, except for a couple of small differences.For one, everything seems to be just a little bit more fresh there.  It's probably not, but it tastes like it.  And secondly, their little salsa bar is killer because their green salsa has plenty of flavor and they always have fresh pico de gallo out there, a must for any burrito.The California Burrito, with carne asada, potatoes, pico de gallo and cheese, is a must, as is the standard Carne Asada Burrito.  But the real winner here is the Carne Asada Fries.  A metric ton of carne asada piled on top of freshly fried french fries, sour cream, cheese and guacamole for only $5?  Can't be beat, especially if you're hammered and it's 3 A.M. Not a classy joint, not a place you go if you're wary of stupid crap like "health code violations" (the best places never are), but definitely a late-night hot-spot for the Mill crowd.  Lovely.And it's not for sissies that don't like ham in their beans either, damnit.
4	Rock the Rivas!It's _bertos clone type shop.Everything is good and fresh... It's cheap and quick.Their Carne Asada is better than amado's and filli b's.Hit it up after you're nice and drunk from rocking out at the Yucca Tap Room!
3	so awesome coming here after bar like timeout or monkey pants closes.  I come from a place where there are NO 24 hour burrito places and to me this is stuff of legend.  $4 for a gigantic burrito.Get the Cali/Arizona burrito.  SO GOOD.  I cannot confirm or deny the cleanliness of the place.
4	For being a 24 hour Mexican restaurant, this place is as good as it gets. There's nothing like a 3 am burrito or huevos rancheros after a long bike ride down mill. The night time crowd will probably consist of late night weirdos (I myself could be included) and the obnoxious children let out of yucca tap room. It also helps that it's basically across the street from where I often reside.I usually get a burrito with random veggie ingredients or a breakfast burrito and a horchata. There's HUGE portions, cheap prices, and their salsa is tasty too. I believe it's usually cooked to order and they are happy to deal with my picky, custom order. This definitely is gluttonous though so don't expect to feel sexy after eating.
4	This place has saved my life so many times.I love delicious, gigantic burritos, especially when I can get them 24 hours a day.Simple and sweet, that's all I need to say about Rivas.
4	I give Riva's 4 stars because of the secret top burrito in town which is the California burrito and have them put a chilli relleno in the burrito which is the best of all worlds.  So basically this burrito consists of carne asada, potatoes, pico de gallo, cheese and a chilli relleno all wrapped up in a delicious tortilla.  Once you add some hot sauce to that it equals one of the best burritos in town.  I learned of this only because of one of the employees telling me to get it this way because all the people that work there eat it this way.  You have to try it!
4	Had dinner here one weekend and had the Combo with a couple of rolled tacos, taco and toastada... crazy awesome Tacos, but the rolled tacos weren't the greatest. I loved the salsa with tons of cilantro! I need to try the menudo sometime soon!! Nice, COOL, clean taquieria with a nice seating area. No cheap o booths! lovez it. and it's open 24 hours!! So if you're in the hood and its late... waaaay late... forget the bell and head to Rivas!!
5	I may have eaten here 50 times and can say that i have ever gotten a bad burrito. The grilled chicken or ham breakfast burrito are fantastic and worth getting at any time of the day - which they are open for you. Not a pretty place - but pretty enough to get you some fantastic burritos - 5 stars no question.Update: Oh no - they changed their grilled chicken burro - NOOOOO.  4 starts until they bring the old direction back!Update: The have remodeled - and brought the old grilled chicken back!
1	On the same level as Taco Bell.  Everything is covered in some-excuse-for-grated-cheddar cheese.Greasy, too salty, and downright mediocre at best.Go elsewhere if you want a good meal.
3	Rivas is your typical authentic style mexican food eatery, although in comparison to the other local restaurants in its same category (Filiberto's, Nico's, Texano's) I believe it is head of its class. Rivas has a super burrito, which is more like the american idea of a burrito(Chipotle style) of putting everything, including rice and beans, inside the burrito. The one area it lacks in is the Pico De Gallo, it seems to repeatedly have too much onion and cilantro in it.  Aside from that I'm a fan of Rivas and the fact that its open 24 hours makes it always a great option!
5	Oh man, best place to get late night food ever!!  So many choices, and unlike most other cheapo mexican food places, this one does not make me sick after i eat there!  I absolutely LOVE the chimichangas and the california burrito with potatoes in it.  The enchiladas are awesome too, and you can see them prepare your food!  THe staff has always been friendly and the place is super clean, it does take a while to go through the drive through though. Also you get a ridiculous amount of food for your buck.  THe most i spend there is maybe $8 and i have at least two meals from it!
5	Rivas helped me get through numerous late night study sessions and early morning hangovers!  Hard to go wrong with anything on the menu, but my two faves are the Carne Asada and Chile Rellano burritos...with fresh horchata, of course!
4	This place's food is pretty dang awesome.I ordered the "Rolled Taco Supreme" which is four (I think) rolled tacos piled high with cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and liberally topped with chopped, tasty carne asada chunks.  With a little pile of lettuce and a "superior grade" pico de gallo on the side.The first time I had this, I literally INHALED IT.  It was that good.My kids usually have the "rolled tacos with guacamole" plate and they dig on it.Rivas' food is a step above the "'Ertos" places if you ask me.  And I've lived here 15 years and eaten at a lot of 'Ertos.It's not fine dining by any stretch, but it's above average for the classification, and WAY good for a 24-hour joint.Try it.  Go ahead.  Really.  :)
5	I have never been able to complain about anything I've ordered from here. Sometimes the dudes confused 'fries' with 'rice', but it's not like I especially NEED french fries. Prices are reasonable. They have a drive through.One day I bought an Adobada burrito from Rivas and I swear to God it was THE BEST burrito I have ever had in my life. The pork was perfectly seasoned / perfect temperature and the tortilla was just perfect. Ugh. So good. Carne Asada is always great at Rivas. If you're into Carne Asada fries get them here.The chile relleno isn't the best I've ever had, but definitely the best in comparison to small taco shops like Los Favoritos or Filibertos.
2	Ate here in the early afternoon. Boyfriend got a breakfast burrito, I got a shredded beef burrito. His was dripping some weird watery greasy crap..mine made me sick instantly after. Unless I'm eating bean and cheese burritos from here late at night..I'll pass. Why not just go to Amado's or Filly B's?
4	Riva's is the flip side of Mexican fast food. Meaning Philiberto's can go suck it!They seem exactly like any other Mexican fast food joint. To the untrained eye there is no difference...then you get your food and taste the salsa. WOW! Someone knows what they are doing. This place consistently kicks out quality food that satisfies. I have always been very happy at the end of the meal, and later on as well!Drive through as well!
1	30 minute wait in a drive thru lane is completely redicolus. There were only 2 cars ahead of us! Way to many taco shops in town to even give this place a 2nd chance
1	Most of the reviewers must have been high or drunk when they gave this place such high praise.  Went here with a friend for lunch today.  First off, there was no ac.  No ac in the middle of the summer?  Hopefully it was just broken.  The food was very subpar compared to any bertos out there.  My friend got a regular beef enchilada and it was stuffed with onions and green peppers.  Wtf?  I ordered the California burrito and it was very bland and not very tasty.  I had to dump salsa on every bite to liven it up a bit.  Finally when we left, my friend had filled up her drink and accidentally left it near the soda dispenser.  She walked me to my car and remembered, so she went back in.  They had already thrown it away and refused to give her another cup.  I will never come back to this dump again.  If you're looking for an amazing taco shop at 3:30 in the morning, head to Taco Migo near the intersection of I-10 and baseline.  I've never been disappointed with the food or service there.
4	To clarify I'm not the Justin V below, whom sucks.  I'm the one who posted the picture which rocks.  That being said what I'm here to talk about is Rivas and the amazing quality and flavor I've grown accustom to upon each and every visit.  Regardless of me being high or drunk when eating within the superb culinary landscape that is Rivas,  the food is spectacular.  I would say even sometimes better when I'm intoxicated (due to high endorphin rushes) or partaking in recreational drugs of which the after effects could increase pleasure.  Either way Rivas is A-OK #1, don't listen to these haters whom believe they can build credibility by changing their names to legit people like myself, mazel tov
5	I found my favorite fast-food taqueria since arriving in the Valley.  It's Rivas Mexican Food.  Talk about an AWESOME-tasting enchilada plate.They've got a menu similar to whateveri-berto's, but with a fresher, more kickin' flavor.  Kind of like if your Nana ran a drive-thru.  If you eat in, sometimes the TV is a little loud, but once you start eating, you won't care.Go.  You will like it.  Nuff said.
4	Just moved to the neighborhood and my dad said I should go here. We are pretty Mexican and know what good traditional Mexican food should taste like and this was excellent. I had the Fish taco plate, which was crispy fish, excellent sauce and fresh lettuce and pico (so good, I inhaled!). The BF had Rolled Taco Supreme, which had high quality carne asada, rolled beef tacos, guac & cheese. We also had Tamarindo and chips. The salsa bar was soo good and very authentic. I felt like I was back at my Nana's kitchen. This place is like a block away from where we live and we will definitely be going back. PS we were sober and it was like 6ish at night. I'm never eating at the Taco Bell down the street again!
4	I love Riva's and I have yet to be disappointed! I always order the rolled tacos supreme *DROOOLS* and I would devour that stuff in like 0.67 seconds. Hahah jk, I actually can never finish all 4.. or is it 5 rolled tacos? Ehhh  anywho you get the idea. It is mmmmm delicious. Rivas over Filibertos-- allllll day babyyyyyy :D
2	super divey, even lower than filbertos.... good for college kids that need late night munchies but my husband got sick off the fish tacos... i guess when you are desperate and its the closest thing to you besides burger king it ok...
4	I was hella skeptical that a Phoenix fast food Mexican joint could top a Mission taqueria.  Rivas pleasantly surprised me.  I chose the two burritos with chicken meal that came with rice and beans.  Standard, but fulfilling rice and refried beans.  The burrito was a breath of fresh grilled veggies.  A warm tortilla filled with chicken, peppers and onions.  So simple and yet so mouth watering.  Best part was that the burrito was so big that I got to save the second one for my flight back to SF.  Oh, and this whole package was under $7.
3	I have been here several times for the carne asada fries. Not once have I had any problem until yesterday.  I mean it wasn't such a severe problem that I won't go back because it lasts a lot longer than your crispy delicious carne asada fries.  Now saying this makes the carne asada fries from this location sound disgusting by the fries not being crispy enough. They reminded me of steak fries with how thick they were.  I never have had carne asada fries that I happened to like more after sitting out for over an hour than fresh carne asada fries.  So if I go to work in the morning I would probably enjoy some carne asada fries from rivas BY lunch time. =]
4	So there is an argument about this particular establishment at my job. One Camp states if you need to be um more....regular....go here.The other camp loves this place.I watched this argument for about a year before I decided to try Riva's.I was glad I did. The portions are very large and tasty. I had the chorizo breakfast burrito with cheese and potatoes. I was extremely pleased to see that the burrito didn't eat its way out of the paper bag via grease. I have joined the love it camp here at work and for a quick bite I think you will too!
1	I had a terrible experience at this place.  I went through the drive-thru after a long day of moving.  I think it was about 1am when I ordered.  I ordered two crunchy ground beef tacos and a grilled chicken quesadilla.  The beef in the tacos were burnt and it was the worst taco I have ever eaten.  A complete waste of money.  The quesadilla wasn't much better.I would not recommend this place to anyone.  The ingredients weren't fresh and the food wasn't cooked properly.
2	In pursuit of the Mexican guacamole/bacon/cheese/sour cream/raw onion burrito, I just was not satisfied with what I received.Sunday afternoon, around 2 PM.  I had taken a stroll to Fry's to get the current beer of preference (Anyone know where I can find Cave Creek Chili Beer?) and on the walk home, I went past Riva's.  The location strikes me as being a drive-through banking location at some time, tho since closed and relocated.  Windows, floors, walls are clean; even the parking lot is clean.  As the TVs played novelas, I looked at the great variety of offerings, each with a picture in pretty vivid color, along with the name and price.  On approaching the counter, I asked if I could order a custom burrito.  The lady behind the counter asked what kind of burrito I wanted.  I explained the guacamole/bacon/cheese/sour cream/onion burrito.  She asked if I wanted egg on it, and I replied I did not.  She walked the slip to the cook and described the burrito.    When the lady behind the counter received my wrapped burrito, she put it in a bag with napkins.  I asked about salsa, and she gestured toward the salsa bar.  Since the aluminum roof was down and there was no sign, I had no idea there was a salsa bar.  I packed one container of each salsa, 1 green and 2 red, along with some carrots and jalapenos.  I must express my kudos to the green sauce, a truly fabulous presentation with enough heat to be 'bout right.  No such luck with the red sauce, which seems to derive most of it's heat from black pepper.Arriving at home, I put the beer in the refrigerator and unwrapped the burrito.  The heft of the burrito gave me pause.  It weighed just over 1/2 lb out of the wrapper.  I was surprised to see nothing had dripped out of the burrito onto the wrapping.  As this was a Hit and Run first try, I did not go into the Preparing for the 'new restaurant first try' experience.  First bite, I got the slack end of the burrito, so lots of extra tortilla.  Second bite, I was rewarded with meat and onion.  Third bite, I detected cheese and sour cream along with meat and onion, and at the fourth bite, I got evidence of American guacamole.  While I am not sure what size tortilla was used to create this burrito, there was certainly a lot of tortilla folded up.  I must take the time to inquire next opportunity I get to find out where they get their "bacon".  It is certainly the most unusual preparation of meat.  There is gristle in addition to fat and chunks that are bigger, have different consistency and remind me strikingly of ham.  There are pieces that feel and taste similar to bacon...just hard to know what it is I am eating.  For the price, $6.80 plus tax, the burrito was below what I would anticipate.  Guess I need to search out BajaMex or TexMex to find what I am looking for...
1	Rolled Taco special was a bit disappointing. The tacos were not crunchy and were soft in the middle, leading to the ultimate rolled taco  soggy mess. It was 4 bucks for rolled tacos without carne asada, but 7 bucks with the meat and thats the only thing that is special about the special order. The Carne asada was average at best, too chewy and not all the fat trimmed away. Guacamole overwhelmed the five skinny tacos and cheese was not melted great. Horchata needed more taste, as the classic flavors of vanilla and cinnamom were tough to detect. PLace might be good for drunken students, but the experienced Mexican drive through tongue knows the truth.
5	Okay 5 stars because they are the alternative to Filibertos style food, without the Filibertos taste.Its pretty clean and they have a nice salsa bar.  Menu is a little cluttered but they have many combos and different types of items.  If you are lost, order a carne asada burrito.  if u dun like guacamole, order a green chili burrito (pork with green sauce)  real good.what else do i like about this place, price wise, its very comparable to most fast food and mexican fast food places.  U order at the front, pay and get your own food and drinks and bus the trays after.  its also 24 hours, so whats not to like ?
4	Rivas is a staple for 24 hour mexican in Tempe. I would consider them a step above Filibertos but one step below Los Favoritos. I usually opt for a carne asade burrito, and the only reason I didn't give them five stars is that their burritos are not always consistent. The restaurant itself is clean and they have a nice salsa bar. Not much else to say except try them out!
3	Ah sweet, sweet, dependable Rivas. You're always there when I need you, which is almost exclusively after 1 a.m. or on a difficult Saturday morning. I'm sure you have other operating hours, but that seems hardly important.The staff is legitimately friendly and helpful, especially at odd hours of the evening. The salsa bar is adequate and includes gratis pickled carrots. The menu is far too robust to try everything and can occasionally be difficult to navigate. Seriously, it's a 10 foot spread at least.The food is exactly what you would expect when you walk in. Compared to FiliB's, Amado's, etc. it's completely serviceable; compared to Los Taquitos, it is lacking. Rivas does nothing to separate themselves from every other 24-hour Mexican joint save for slightly more generous portions. The carne asada fries, rolled tacos, and California burrito are the standouts of the operation, with the carne asada being consistently tender and the rolled tacos being smothered in delightful guacamole. Avoid the tacos and enchiladas, as both are damp in a manner that you do not typically associate with food. Rivas is far from the best option in Tempe, but I still keep going back. That's gotta count for something.
3	Late afternoon, on Father's dayRiva's is not busy, one other patron infront of us, and one arrived after us. We've been here before, the food is tasty, but not spectacular.The salsa bar is a plus, but you have to search or ask for it, as it is closed to prevent spoilage, or flies.  There is no A/C, so don't plan on eating here, either drive through, or carry out in the summer.... And BEWARE, although tasty, foods are not freshly made.  There is a microwave they use to heat food.  One of  my four Styrofoam containers was microwaved to the point of melting inside.
4	Just had the rolled taco supreme... OMG... This is THA BUSINESS! They could be fried a little softer, but other than that... This is perfect "I work the night shift, and I'm starving and it's my turn to do the food run" food.
4	Tortillas are AWESOME. Bean and cheese burrito is one of the best I've had from these types of places. Nachos were freakin delicious. Open late. Drive thru. I'll take it.
4	Riva's has great food, large quantities for low, low prices.  They're open 24 hours a day w/a drive through...I eat here at least once a week!
4	Loved the beef tacos. Perfect shell and great shredded beef. They didn't put onions or tomatoes in there like jerks which I love. The "cheese crisp" (cheese quesadilla) was also good. Their salsa was nice also but just a tad watery. Great spot for a late night taco!!
4	Love the steak burrito. It's filled with steak and guacamole (just those two ingredients) and is great for anyone who has a dairy intolerance.Prices are very convenient, you can easily stop here and get a great meal for under $10.It's also open 24 hours.
3	From the outside it doesn't look like much, but the giant breakfast burrito is delicious and huge!!!
3	The food is good but check your order before leaving. They always forget something or make it wrong. When it comes to burritos, your pretty much gonna get mystery meat no matter what you order. If you order steak and egg burrito you'll get bacon ham onions cheese and egg. Wtf? The drive thru speaker needs to be replaced and the cooks need to make what's ordered. Also the order needs to be complete. This isn't Mexico.
5	Best bacon egg cheese and potato burrito I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Oh. Em. Gee. We have a winner! I will definitely be here again and again and again and again. The flavor is unrivaled. Give them a try
4	Very good:) great quality of food. Have been here several times and will defiantly be back!
5	I absolutely love this place. In fact, most of my friends eat here on a regular basis. As for myself, I pretty much live on their steak n egg breakfast burrito. For $4.32, how could you go wrong?! The portions are as generous as Mother Theresa. I get a good coma nearly every time I eat here. Perfect for anyone on a budget.. Who needs daily deals when the entire menu is already unbeatable? Almost seems like they're paying is to eat their food. As for the grub.. I've never once been let down. Granted, I'm a sucker for anything wrapped in a tortilla (..anything), but I gotta give it to em.. they do great work on Mexican food. Not overly classy, just the right atmosphere to s sit down and enjoy some spicy delectableness. I doubt I'll ever love a Mexican food joint more than Riva's. I can die happy with their steak and egg burrito in my hands
1	Let me say first, I've been going here for years, they have great food and I've always tipped. I'm never going there again because they've started trying to rip me off the last 2 times I've gone there. I got 3 bean & cheese burritos, I wanted rice so he runs my card and I was like, wait what was the total? He said he charged me $3 for extra rice, to put a spoonful in each burrito. The menu says $2 for a 1/2 pint! He said don't order it with rice next time! I just went there again and he charged me $2 extra for the cheese that has always come with the bean & cheese burrito! He said he'd take $1 off, I told him to give me all of my money back, I drove down the street and realized he'd shorted me, for principle I went back and demanded it all, man I haven't been that livid in a long time. Watch these guys, they're trying to rip people off!
