3	Pretty much copy paste my other Panda review. It's quick Americanized Chinese fast food. Love it or hate it, it's pretty watered down but still good. I don't understand the bad reviews some of the Pandas in general get. It's fast food Chinese. What are you expecting? :)
2	My brother had never been here and I said he had to try it before someone jumped it on him. I think Panda used to be pretty good. recently, as in the last year, their food seems to be terrible - soggy and flavors are garbage.If you are just dying for Chinese food, then go for it. If you want somehing more real, then go elsewhere.
2	We haven't been to Panda Express for years. And now we know why. Not good.  I realize its fast food, but so is Chipotle. Everything is fried chicken with honey/orange flavoring sauce. They did have steamed brown/white rice or vegetables but I didn't go there for the healthy options.  The place was somewhat clean and the staff was somewhat friendly...they put food on our plate. I'll be back in another 5 years--maybe.
3	It's Asian fast food. Nothing too fancy. Nothing too exciting. My little boy likes the Panda pictures all over the walls and their noodles. Sure there are healthier options all around, but sometimes this just sounds good and is not so bad every once in a while.
1	I ordered the medium size box single entree, and right off the bat the woman behind the counter raised her voice and said " I do not have that size!" Even though they have a medium size box sitting on the counter for reference. She said " you can order two small boxes, they hold the same amount of food." I asked how much the medium box cost, she said 6 dollars. I asked how much two small boxes cost, said 7 dollars. Hmmm... So you want to charge me MORE for the same amount of food, because YOU don't have the right size box? The woman behind the counter didn't see anything wrong with yelling and insisting that he had to charge me more for the same amount of food. I'm sorry, but it's not the customers fault that you don't have the size they ordered, don't make them pay more for it. And more importantly do not yell at them for it. I was being completely respectful, never yelled back. I've never had someone just come out and yell at me over something so simple. TERRIBLE customer service. I told her Id go somewhere else.She went on to try and embarrass me as I left, turning to the people she disturbed eating asking loudly "what does she not understand?"  I heard this, as I got to the door, and I explained to her again, that she is trying to charge me more for the same amount of food. Terrible terrible customer service, surprised any business would want someone like that dealing with the customers.
1	Right before dinner and the food looks like it is from yesterday. To add insult to injury your workers are making jokes about how bad the food looks that they have to sell. Fresh is not in the vocabulary. Don't ask for fresh food either because they refuse to do that. Lousy workers did nothing but complain about how much they have to work and how much they hate their jobs. All their customers that come in on holidays are losers as they stated and those who come in at or near Christmas are nothing but a**holes per your staff on 8/31 at 421pm. Will never come back to this location.
1	Probably the worst Panda Express location that I ever been to. I frequent the one on ocotillo and Arizona Abe but being late for dinner and in the vicinity of this location, thought of giving a try. They Are open until 9:30pm everyday and I went in with my kids @ 8:00pm but they already cleaned out all the dishes and cleaning the kitchen. There was a beeline of customers wanting to order food and all that left is orange chicken and some steamed veggies. I ordered steamed veggies and the person behind the counter just shoved orange chicken in my bowl and closed it shut. I told her I don't want chicken but she just ignored me. My daughter ordered white rice and she just shoved fried rice in the bowl and shut. Repeatedly told her we didn't want it but she didn't care. She was talking to other staff on Spanish joking about us while we were still ordering. Overall, a very unsavory and rude staff ruined my files dinner.
