5	I have had 2 different sessions with Olivia and absolutely love her work. She is very creative, professional, and great with kids. She was able to make my son very comfortable so we could get some great shots of him. The pictures are very high quality and she takes as much time as you need to go over all of the pictures taken and options available. I ordered a book and some photos for the wall and constantly get compliments on them. Olivia's work is amazing and I will continue to have her photography my family.
5	I booked a 2 hour photography session with OWP with hair, makeup, and design in her studio. I met with Olivia and Chantille a few weeks before my shoot. The photos from my shoot were a gift and I had a deadline. OWP came up with a plan to get me a final product two weeks before my dead line! My first meeting was in the studio, all aspects of design were covered and I pre-ordered a bound book. Although my final costs were more then I wanted to spend ($$$$), the quality of the work was worth every penny. The overall communication with OWP was amazing and the customer service was great. Olivia and Chantille wonderful to work with. The shoot was really fun! Olivia and Yakeima (awesome designer!) made me feel relaxed and kept the mood upbeat and exciting. I have nothing but great memories and would not change a thing about that shoot!A few weeks after my shoot I went back the OWP studio to preview the photos for my book. Viewing my photos was difficult; the computer program was sluggish and loaded everything very slowly. The process was a bit awkward; they had just rearranged the studio and didn't quite have the computer situation or seating figured out so that could have been the problem. Although I am very pleased with the way the photos turned out I felt that the review process took longer than it needed to. The photography itself is amazing. I choose Olivia because her work speaks for itself. The artistic, professional look, and quality of Olivia's photography is exactly what I was looking for when I found her online. I am very pleased that the real life work matches her portfolio. What you see is what you get... and what you get is great!My gift turned out better than I had ever imagined and the recipient was more than happy to receive it! I can't Thank Olivia and team for creating a very special, everlasting memory.
5	I don't even know where to begin when it comes to thanking Olivia and her team for the incredible experience she gave me with my boudoir photo shoot! I walked in feeling nervous (being a curvy girl) and left feeling like a million bucks. The entire experience was amazing. She and Yakeima, from HisOpinionDesigns, literally made me feel beautiful and sexy. Every woman (and man!) deserve this experience; whether you're young or old, petite or curvy, shy or outgoing they will bring out your inner goddess and the photos will show it! I cannot wait to do it again!!! Xoxo -Samantha Salch
