5	6288 Spring Mountain Road Suite 100Las Vegas, Nevada 89146If it's ever possible to have a pleasant experience with an insurance agent, this is the place.  I was referred to Kevin Hiew through a friend who kept raving about him.  At the time, I was satisfied with my State Farm agent.  But 9 months after I got divorced, they seemed to be unable to update my new address, let alone split our account in two.  So I took that as a cue to seek insurance elsewhere, and since the Hiew Agency was so highly recommended, why not give them a try.  Let me tell you, Kevin, Sally, and Christine are just the most awesome and pleasant people you can ever expect to deal with.  You'll totally forget they're selling you insurance, and want to take them all out to dinner.  I really can't say enough about these guys, they totally ROCK.  I bug them frequently with questions, car changes(I have a real bad car shopping problem), and they never seem to get annoyed.  I know it's their job, but you know how pesky some customers can get, well that's me, and it never seems to  phase them.  So if you happen to be canvassing auto insurance, home owners insurance, life insurance, or anything insurance related, do yourself a favor and give these guys a try.  By the way, I posted their new address on top of this review.  I believe the address they have listed is their old one.  But the phone number is correct...
5	I just got a quote on a property in Las Vegas, Nevada and I was shocked at how competitive their prices are compared to other Insurance Companies I quoted from. Christine was very pleasant and easy to speak with...why can't all insurance quote experiences be this way? Awesome!?!I will most likely be going with them for my Home Owners' Insurance.
5	I had XXXX insurance for a property and I called them to see if the homeowners insurance can be adjusted down. Well, their computer models lowered the rate, but nothing significant. So I made a call to Hiew Insurance after seeing them on Yelp.  I'll concur with the other reviewer that Christine is very helpful and is working to help you as the home owner or car owner.  She (and Sally) will work a few numbers for you based on your insurance needs and you can make the choice.Well, in short, I made the switch to Hiew.  I do not need to continue paying XXXX as they did not want to work with me on my insurance policy. Even if Hiew was just a little lower, I probably would have switched anyway, just so I would not continue payments to a company that thinks they can keep customers without working with them.
