5	This business is recommended by Discount Tire locations.  Good pricing and fast service.  They did such a good job on my alignment I was wondering if I had the right vehicle.
5	We had just purchased new front tires for our vehicle from Discount Tire in Anthem. Even though the location was a bit far, they recommended that we go to Network Alignment & Brakes as they are the best in the valley. Very glad we did. When they took a look at it they told me it didn't need an an alignment and I was good to go... no charge. Honest, personable, and great customer service. I will certainly be taking all my cars there from now on.
5	All good. They did what they said, when they said for the price they said... and no surprises. I've been jacked around plenty at repair shops and so am always worried when I take my car somewhere new, but I had no problems.
5	After traveling from California to Arizona, noticed the car was pulling right.   Referred by a local Costco.  Scott was extremely nice and although appointments were completely booked, he was able to squeeze us in Saturday morning on a holiday weekend.   While waiting, another customer came in with possible alignment issues, but after inspection they gave this customer a list of issues the customer could fix himself and did not charge him.  I love the honesty of this place.If you need alignment done on your car, this is the place!
5	Stand up guys. Scott took care of me and didn't pressure me into any repairs. He was kind enough to quote the needed repairs and offered to just do the bare minimum (safely of course) to get me back on the road.  I'll be referring friends to this shop so long as they are in business.
5	This is another one of the few places that I trust to do the job right.  This shop is efficient, honest and fair.
5	Unbelievable customer service!  They actually insisted that my car did not require alignment.  These people are a total credit to their industry!
5	My vehicle had started pulling to the right, and if you took your hands off of the steering wheel, it would head for the curb. I took it to Network Alignment & Brakes to see what was going on. The tech came into the waiting room and told me he had found a problem. He showed me that two of the four bolts holding the upper left ball joint in place were missing, and the remaining two were very loose. A few months prior I had the ball joint replaced at another auto repair shop, and apparently the bolts that came with it were junk. The tech replaced the missing bolts and tightened everything. I was only charged for the alignment that I needed after the repair even though I asked about not being charged for the repair. That is real customer service. They will get all of my future alignment needs.
5	Took my Jeep in for the post-lift alignment. Turned out the alignment was spot on (props to Cutting Edge 4x4 who installed it) and they didn't charge me. I overheard the tech talking to another customer explaining, with a sample part, why they needed to replace a worn tie rod end before they would do an alignment. So again, no charge for unnecessary work and a very helpful explanation. The honesty is refreshing and I wouldn't hesitate to go back even though its a far drive for me.
5	I have bought new tires and was referred by Discount Tires to have an alignment done.  The service took little over an hour on a Friday afternoon.  I was glad there was a Dairy Queen next to the shop.  They have limited seats in waiting area, especially on a busy day.  The time just flew by while I was enjoying my favorite treats.   When I returned to pick up my car, I was ready to pay for the $49.99 alignment.  Adam explained that I didn't need the alignment, and was no charge for the service.  He showed me the print out and the wheels were aligned.  This is one shop that do follow their slogan "affordable - honest - friendly"!  They also have coupons to print on their website.
5	I was a Saturday walk in, concerned my brakes might be a bit wacky after some shimmy on a recent backroad trip.  Scott worked me in in less than two hours.  He found nothing wrong, said I still had 45% of the pads left, adjusted the brakes,  added fluid, thanked me, shook my hand, and gave me my keys.  No charge.  With this kind of service and honesty, I'll be back.  In addition to the simple honesty, this is a *local* shop and I like keeping $ local when possible.(Should have gone to the Dairy Queen next door - not really local, I know.  Rolberto's,  about 100 m north, earns 3 stars as the friendly staff adds an extra star to 2-star food.)
5	These guys are great. I get all of my vehicles aligned here and its always done quickly and properly.
5	My daughter took my car today because I thought I was needing brakes. I figured it would cost at least $300. They did an inspection and guess what? There was NO CHARGE. They said my brakes were fine and I did not need to replace or repair them They did tighten something up but still no charge. With this kind of honesty I will be back for all of my work, my daughters work, and I will tell everyone I know. I'm still in shock they were this honest.
4	Took my car to Discount Tire to get new tires.  After the installation, the tech told me about my wheel lock stud being broken on the rear left side, so he gave me a piece paper with Network Alignment & Brakes name and phone number on it telling me to call them and they'll fix the wheel lock for free.I called yesterday afternoon asking how long will it take to fix the issue, the guy on the phone said with appointment, about 45 minutes.  So I set-up the appointment for this morning and I arrived few minutes early, and I was greeted right away.  The whole process took less than 20 minutes.  What an awesome job they did.
5	Scott did not perform the alignment I went in for. He called explained there were some other issues that needed to be taken care of. Performing the  alignment before the worn parts were replaced would not  make any sense. He also stated it was not a safety issue so it was not a dire issue to have the repairs done today. He was professional and ethical
5	I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it from all of the positive reviews.  I took my car in after being told by another mechanic that I had hundreds of dollars of work required to fix my steering.  They went through the entire front end of the car and it only ended up needing an alignment.  I walked out of there paying $50 and all was working perfectly.  I am very impressed and will tell all of my friends about this place.  I have no hesitation in taking my cars there for any issues I may run into.  They are honest which means a lot to mean since I do not understand cars.
5	These guys rock for sure! I had a 3inch lift installed on my FJ cruiser with aftermarket upper control arms. When the other shop completed the lift I had serious alignment issues. I brought my Fj to Network on Cave Creek and these guys had me aligned and out in no time. These guys know what they are doing for sure.Side note: Prior to bringing my truck here I tried Toyota dealer for alignment and they were gonna charge me through the roof, they looked at me like I was from outer space. They proceeded to tell me I would need additional parts to get this alignment done. Well Network didnt need extra parts and it drives smooth. Thanks guys!
5	I always use these guys for my alignments.  They do a great job if I need it, but often I don't, and they are honest about telling me. They have my loyalty and spreading the word.
5	These guys are quick and responsible. They do great work at a reasonable rate and have pride in what they do. I had my front end alignment done and was very happy with the service.  You can't go wrong with this outfit!!!
5	This is a family owned business.  They were just your basic old fashioned good car guys!  Hard to find that anymore.  No bells and whistles.  Just honest work with pride!I wish them well and highly recommend!
5	Perfect alignment - first time.  Dealer tried twice before them and couldn't get my Toyota Sequoia alignment right.  I'll be bringing all my cars here from now on.
5	Generally, what you need to know is that these guys are honest and know what they are doing. If you go in for an alignment check, they will gladly come to you and tell you that you don't need your alignment done. You also need to know that the people you speak to are mechanics, not salespeople. If there is any downside here, it's that mechanics aren't awesome at PR, so you tend to get abrupt, blunt responses, but working with them long enough, I know that they mean the best by it.To be more specific about my experiences... In September of 2013, I had a strange sound that I knew was coming from my wheels or tires, so I went to Discount Tire, got new tires, and asked them what the problem was. They suggested it might be alignment, and recommended Network Alignment. When I got to Network Alignment and described the sounds and symptoms, they pretty bluntly said, "That can't be your alignment, but we'll check anyway." It wasn't polite, but it was correct, and in the end, they knew to look into the problem even though I was wrong about the cause.Being brake, alignment, etc experts, they diagnosed my car with bad bearings by driving it around the block and then confirmed it. They quoted me a price ($750 ish for both front bearings on an '09 Chevy Aveo), including the $150 a piece OEM bearings. I went home to think about it, did some research on them, and did some price checking. I found some bearings for about half the price, and called to ask if we could use non-OEM bearings since I had seen reviews saying they might be okay with this. The manager I spoke to explained to me that usually they would be okay with using after-market parts, but with something critical like a wheel bearing, they wouldn't feel comfortable giving me a cheaper part. Based on reviews saying they do after-market parts, and how he explained it to me, I decided to trust him and got the work done.After driving the car home, I noticed a quiet metal scraping sound, did some quick research, and decided that some calipers were probably not quite in the right place, which is apparently common with wheel bearing replacement. I made an appointment, they looked at it, agreed with me, fixed it right away, and everything was good.Now we go to the present, November of 2014. It's just under 14 months after that work is done, and I have a strange sound again. It took me a while to realize it was the same sound, so really the sound started probably closer to August or earlier. After deciding it was worth having them look at it, I called them and made an appointment. They said they would need the receipt from the previous work, but I didn't have it. I went in, they diagnosed it as the same wheel bearing problem, and the person I spoke with worked with me so we could find my receipt in their system. They were able to look it up with the date and my name, but it is definitely better to have the receipt or at least the invoice number. I came in the next day, they did the work, replaced the part, and didn't charge me for it. They did tell me, up-front, that I was definitely outside my warranty. The work had a 90 day warranty, and the part had a 12 month warranty. Both people I spoke with explained that I'm out of warranty, but that "Fixing this is the right thing to do because this part should definitely last longer than a year."I don't have any new paperwork, and I know that I'm out of warranty completely now, but I'm not too worried about it. Yes, the OEM part they chose to trust over an after-market part wasn't as reliable as they thought it should be, but the logic was sound, and ALL manufacturing processes have a margin of error. I don't blame Network Alignment for that, and I will definitely go back if I need anything else they offer.
5	These guys are honest,breath of fresh air. I brought my car in to check suspension/alignment. Alignment/suspension ok. Kudos!!!!
5	These guys are amazing. The dealership tried telling me I desperately needed an alignment and wanted a ridiculous amount of money.  Brought it to these guys based on reviews I read online.  They put it up checked it out and found out my alignment was perfect. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Having a hubby that knows cars I am not usually tricked when I go to get work done on it even though they try so hard. The guys at Network Alignment were not like this. Really honest people. Assessed my current alignment and told me it's not horrible but not factory specs. I knew it was causing my tires to wear faster so I went ahead with the alignment. I will faithfully take my car here because of their honesty and fair prices.
5	I went in thinking this was a 60.00 job for my Audi but after Edgar looked it over he said, "It's straight and in perfect order, No charge!". I was so happy and told a co-worker about them as soon as I got to work. As another customer said they are really honest and just a classy group of professionals. Thank you Edgar! Mike M.
