4	My wife has had foot problems for a few years now.  Initially it was a neuroma which was diagnosed by Dr Discont.  The orthotics he had made fixed her problem.However, recently, she began having severe pain.  X-rays revealed she had bone spurs which led to plantar's fasciitis.  For this she saw Dr Krahn.  Initially I was concerned that Dr Discont was not available (he was booked out several weeks).  But Dr Krahn has proven to be a knowledgeable, patient, and thorough physician.  He methodically applies treatments, and if results are not satisfactory, he moves to an elevated treatment.  Surgery is his last resort, and so far my wife has managed to avoid it.  She is still battling her problem, but progress is being made.  Dr Krahn is pleased with it, and thinks we will be able to avoid surgery.And now our daughter, the soccer player, is seeing Dr Krahn for foot pain and ankle spraining.  It's too early to tell, but the x-rays showed her feet were fine.  She is getting therapy to strengthen her ankles, and we are hopeful that the foot pain was just because her cleats were a bit too small (even though she thought they fit fine).I definitely can recommend this office.  And while both doctors are good, I'm really liking Dr Krahn.
1	My family (three generation) have been seeing Dr Discont for years.  He is a very capabale doctor.  His office manager is absolutely  brutal with no compassion.  Not just to me but all of us one time or another.  They charge you for things, they tell you are free and then they charge you.  This business should know whats covered and whats not.  WHen you finally discuss with them they give you deadline dates of collection.  I could absolutely pay my bill, and I did to not hit my credit.  But they did not deserve it and once again the patient/client gets screwed.I would go see Dr Creezee or another doctor with an upfront and honest staff.
5	Dr Krahn & his staff are the best! They are so accommodating in getting my father in for emergency appointments. I am really glad we found them. The staff is always pleasant & efficient. I would gladly recommend them to anyone. K.Paola
2	Office and restrooms are very dusty and dirty. Staff is rude and to busy with inside gossip then to help or be even cordial. I was referred by my primary so I drove all the way from the far west valley. To be treated like crap. Love it.
5	I had a broken foot and ankle a few years ago, and Dr. Krahn was my surgeon. He did a great job, and I have had no problems since. He is an extremely nice guy, very competent, and the office staff are great. I would recommend Dr. Krahn to a family member. I don't know Dr. Discont, but I'm sure he is probably just as good.
