4	Of all the Roberto's locations around Vegas this 'berto's location is one of the more consistent. It's located between Home Depot and Capriotti's. I have been coming here on my lunch break and more recently yesterday after a trip to Home Depot. The inside is clean and the guy at the register who has taken my order each time is friendly and actually goes over your order with you to make sure it's right if you customized anything. Like the other locations in town, you can get your chicken taco fix for only 99 cents on Wednesdays with a limit of 12 per person at that price.The "Adobada Taco" at a cost of $2.75 each was good. It had marinated pork, guacamole and fresh salsa on it. There was meat falling out of the taco because they weren't stingy with the fillings. One thing I love here is the "Rolled Tacos" that come in different options. You can choose chicken, beef, sour ream, guacamole or just cheese. I don't like their guacamole that much, so I just got the rolled tacos (beef) with cheese. The rolled tacos with cheese cost $2.35 and are easily a meal by itself for me! So darn cheap and it tastes good. I love the "Carne Asada Fries" here, but only get them when I have someone to share with because it's such a huge portion. The asada fries cost $8.10 which is a great price for the size of it. We are talking fries, beans, sour cream, salsa, cheese and a pile of carne asada. It does come with guacamole, but I asked that it be left off. The menu here has many options for everyone. Inside there are plenty of tables and a small salsa and veggie bar. It has been filled with customers when I have been here, so I am going to start calling my lunch order in to avoid the wait time. If you are on a time crunch and it's Wednesday, calling in your order is smart as well because more people are there that day loading up on the 99 cent chicken tacos.
1	Most terrible service ever, food is ALWAYS made wrong.Literally they can't do anything right.Every time i come in I get terrible service, even after I ask them to repeat my order to me they mess ALWAYS seem to mess something up, whether it's "forgetting" a few things on my order or they make my food all wrong. I keep going back in hoping that the next time will be better than the last, but it's been the opposite of that every time.They always cheat me out of my money, when I say that I mean, I see on my receipt that I did pay for what I asked, and when I get my food I see that I'm missing some food and when I ask for the missing food, they say I still have to pay for then even though I showed them that I already have. I always tip and I'm always the nicest to them, I don't do or say anything to deserve such horrible service. Obviously they need new employees.Long and terrible story short, they are shit and don't go if you don't want a zesty spit dressing in your food.
4	This location is busy. If you are on a lunch break I suggest phoning your order in because the wait can be long especially on Wednesdays when chicken tacos are only .99 cents. I got a carne asada burrito, rolled beef tacos and a cheese quesadilla. All was above average for a hole in the wall chain. Some people think 'berto's is only good when your drunk and depending on the location you're right but this one is decent.
