5	This is an amazing upscale butcher. Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable butcher staff. They also make meat pies and quiches, ready made meals, sandwiches for take-out. Baguettes, cheeses, coffees.
3	Went for the first time on Sunday Jan. 29th, 2012. Had a Groupon voucher.- The service is impeccable. - Very friendly and they don't let anyone stand there un-served.- No line up, we went pretty early.- Good steaks.- Great hours - Open 9am to 9pm everyday.- The cold meats are *very* expensive, but good.- I tried the tomato-coriander marinated chicken breast & there was grizzle or fat pieces in the meat. I *really* didn't like that. In the one sitting I chewed on something 3 separate times so I got fed up and threw the rest out.- I'd say it's located too far from the Mont-Royal metro.Hubby & I will go back, but I'm not sure if I will buy chicken breast again. :-(
5	I have been a loyal customer for many years and am always satisfied with the quality, variety, and the impeccable service they provide.  So much so that it has become our Bistro's provider of all things meat.  If you like to cook and need something special, head over there and let yourself be guided by their top notch butchers.
5	Excellent, excellent selection of meats, cheeses, coffee, specialty cooking products at very, very good prices! Highly recommended. Famous for quiches and tarts. Lots of Quebec cheeses. Knowledgeable staff too.
5	Excellent butcher. The selection is vast, fresh, and the staff is ready to answer any questions. The shop also has readymade food to take out, like salads, quiches, sandwiches, as well as bulk coffee. We got to sample a few different coffees before choosing one to go with, and like other small shops, if you bring your bag back, you get a discount next time.It seems like everyone on the east Plateau carries a Maison du Roti tote bag - either they're all hardcore fans, or there was a big bag-giveaway at some point (missed it! bummer!), but it speaks to their success and popularity. I totally wish I had the income to shop here regularly, because my stomach would certainly thank me for it.
5	Excellent, friendly, quality neighbourhood butcher. *Very* reasonable prices, excellent choice and so many great products to drool over. I've had a really positive experience every time I've gone in for something. The young guys behind the butcher counter are super professional and attentive, as well as pleasant. I even went in for an unusual request: hog gut (your typical sausage casings for people who make their own sausages) - but for use as art material. When I told the guy what it was for, he didn't bat an eye and gave me exactly what I was looking for and told me to have fun with my art project. Just cool peeps with a wonderful shop.
5	We went here for picnic food, so I can't speak to the raw ingredients, although they looked excellent.We got a number of different terrines here, which were each terrific.  They also have a wide selection of confit (duck legs, lamb, rabbit) and a pretty good cheese section.  We had several delightful picnics of items from here (and the bakery next door).  A gem in the neighborhood.
4	Horse MeatElk MeatBison MeatCharcuterieDuck ConfitPatesTerrineThey also have small section of prepared food, they're all just okay and nothing special. Lots of specialty products (Oil, Spreads, etc..)It's a little out of the way from downtown montreal..It's a cool little place to visit if you're a foodie and have place to cook the meats. Other than it's okay to miss this place when you're in montreal.
