2	Worst tacos Mexico, I have ever been, where do I start, from the moment I walked in staff is unfriendly, like they dont want to be there. They charge me wrong, my asada plate was cold by the time I got it, have you ate cold meat? You can taste the grease, tortillas hard and stuck together, had to peeled them apart, not fun, had to ask for spoon and napkings, they dont stock their self help area often...overall BAD...when you come to a place hungry, you expect good food, I left discussed...they should close this place, if they dont take care of it..only person I give props is the busgirl, mopping, cleaning, sweeping...she did her job right
3	It was ok pretty hard to mess up a breakfast burrito. Everything was ok really nothing special but nothing to complain about either.  Saw a lot of people eating breakfast there so gave it a try. Not making a special trip to go there but if driving by and hungry might go back.
4	I don't care what anybody says about this place. I'm a fan! I love the carne asada taco's! The price is cheap and you get authentic Mexican food. I tried multiple dishes on the menu but have to stick to what I know and the carne asada taco's does it for me. YUM!
4	Yum! Ever since moving to Las Vegas from Los Angeles I miss King Taco. This place satisfies my authentic taco cravings. I usually go to this place because they accept debit/credit cards. Other places (the one on sahara ave. and the one by stratosphere does not.)So here's 4 stars for you, Tacos Mexico!
1	Was looking forward to authentic menudo ... it was disappointing - flavorless!  Really bland!  Not even the extra spices and salt helped.  It was like eating boiled tripe.  blech. And their super nachos?  They didn't use real cheese. Looked & tasted like velveeta!  We left and ate somewhere else. Wasted $$
4	I'm from San Diego and this place is just a good example of some standard yummy taco shop food.  Had the nachos....fresh meat, nice and hot, spicy cheese all topped with beans  sour cream and fresh made guac.  Under $10 with a large drink can't be beat....keep up the good food guys !
1	Don't let the big sign and the 70 cent taco sign fool you. You get what you pay for and it'll have its revenge. The tacos were flavorless and topped with some weird cheese sauce. Not too authentic.
1	I am from San Diego and visited this facility on Wednesday with my family in hopes of some delicious Mexican food. Unfortunately, it was terrible. I ordered 2 of the Carne Asada Fries and 2 carne asada tacos and 3 drinks. The total was overpriced at  $25.  The tacos were small treet tacos and the carne asada fries were a small saucer size serving. The carne asada fries has some nasty nacho cheese, which I have never seen on carne asada fries before. I have to say this was the worst mexican food I have ever had in my life! I will never come back to that place. BTW they get 1 star because I cannot post with no stars.
4	Huge fan of Mexican food., love coming here after drinking or a long day at work. They have the small tacos for like 70 cents or something like that. Also have the avocado slices which I love. They usually hook it up if you order a lot of food. I like that it's more authentic then a Taco Bell or Chipotle. Most places in Vegas are just tex-mex.
