5	Went here yesterday for lunch with my son and sister. We were greeted at the door with a great big Buon girono. I loved that. This restaurant is in the old Mimmo's Ferraro building. I had only been to that place once. The inside looks the same to me. It is nice and cozy. I felt comfortable there. All of the staff who worked there were so kind to my sister. She has MS and has alot of trouble walking. We ordered two apps, the bruscetta and the baked artichokes. They were both Delicious. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan, it was wonderful, the spaghetti that came with it was also just how I like it. The sauce was great just like my mom's. My son had the gnocchi, he loved it, my sister had the ravioli. She thought it was fresh and homemade the taste fabulous. They took our restaurant.com certificate. I will be going back for dinner. I just really liked everything about this place.
1	The food as terrible. I have eaten veal Parma all over the world. That was the worst!  The spaghetti tasted like it was cooked in dirty water. Even the iced tea was awful.
2	It was in the afternoon time, and this place wasn't very busy. It was very nice inside, seeing that from the outside look, you can't tell if it's closed down or open. The food took a decent amount of time, and it came out very hot. The Ravioli Tufaro was 11 dollars, and you got 4 alongside soo much tomato sauce topped on top you couldn't find them on the plate.Not worth the cost, because it didn't fill you up at all, and I am a small girl.The Lasagna tasted just like the Chef Boyardee Ravioli you find in a can. The dessert was good, but watch out for the sprinkled cocoa powder on the top of the Tiramisu, it makes you cough lol. The service was fast and the server was very nice. The food I just am not a fan of.
1	Let me start by saying if I could give this dive 0 stars trust me I would!!! This by far was the WORST experience I have EVER had. The hostest was a complete idiot the server was sooo rude and the food was HORRIBLE with small portions and I dont eat a lot, so for me to say small portions is pretty bad.It took us 30 mins to get drinks... just drinks, then when we finally get our drinks he takes our order impatiently and rolling his eyes while were giving him our order.We had to flag different waiters down just to get refills because our waiter was MIA, oh and when we finally get our food an hour and a half after ordering it, its like 10 strings of fettuccine pasta and 2 pieces of chicken!!!!After eating our food we paid our $90 bill and left after being there for 3 hours!!! Please for the love of God NEVER go here!!! Over priced, Horrible service, Rude servers who obviously hate their job!!!
2	No. Sorry.  This just didn't do it for me or my husband.  2.2 is all we can do here.  We went last week and the place was empty.  We actually felt bad for them.  The music was blaring loud Frank Sinatra tunes during most of our meal.  That's torture.  Fortunately another party came in right after us so we didn't have to eat alone in a huge, echo-y restaurant.I ordered the Shrimp and Asparagus Risotto.  It says right on the menu that it is the "Best Risotto in Town" but it is not.  And there were no asparagus.  And it was overpriced.I forget what my husband got but I remember he said it was just average.Tiramisu was sugar slop.Servingware was ugly and the entree and dessert presentations lacked excitement.  No garnishes, just plate.  The restaurant itself was not warm and cozy.  They at least need to add some plants to soften it up a bit.  Turn on the light in the armoire guys.  Create a little atmosphere!One thing I did like very much was the Caprese Salad.  The mozzarella was very good.  The vinegar was also good.  Service was prompt but we were practically alone so I don't know how it is when it is busier, if it gets busier.  The busboy was outstanding and had a lovely, genuine smile.We'd like every business to receive a 5-star rating but Lucio needs to tune up a few things  - especially for the prices.  Dinner for two with no alcohol was just over $100.  We regularly spend over $100 for dinner for two but that's too much for this place.  It has potential though and I hope Lucio reads my "yelp from the heart" so this restaurant can stick around and become a great success.
1	Blah! This location is horrible!! I usually go to the one on Sahara and it is amazing!! We were in the neighborhood of this location so decided to try it out since I thought it would be similar to their other one. I think it is the same owner, but they definitely do things different. Try the other location on Sahara and Durango, its great.
5	This restaurant is right by our house and we used a groupon. They had a pianist & singer (Friday night) which was a nice, although a bit too loud, but over all a nice atmosphere & lighting. They start you off with some bread & chimmichurri which was appreciated & tasty. I ordered the fettucine Bolognese, which was delicious but not as good as other places i've had it. My boyfriend had the sausage & spinach risotto, they ran out of sausage & substituted chicken but it was still amazing & creamy & delicious. We can't wait to go back for more risotto. The groupon made it an awesome deal.
3	the food was ok...as in ok...price is kinda high for the service and menu they offered.. the service was slow...they ran out of ceasar salad dressing so we settled for the soup...we had minestrone soup and it was again ok..i had some chicken with mozzarella and tiramisu... my sister ate gnocchi and ice cream cake. so we had 2 soup bowls, 1 gnocchi 1 chicken and 2 desserts =$65 plus tip
2	I should have read the reviews before we ate there but I didn't.  I was not impressed with the lasagna at all.  The sauce was very bland and there was very little meat or ricotta cheese in it.  It was mostly noodle.  My husband had the lobster ravioli which as better than my lasagna but still not that great.  I used a restaurant.com certificate so that helped but I don't think it would be some place I will go back to when I am in Vegas again.
3	Food was good, ZAGAT review is just not write! A/C must have been broken! Again my big issue was ZAGAT rating so untrue!
1	I made a reservation thinking it would be a quiet place off the strip to dine and catch up. It was Zagat rated, so I made a reservation. When we arrived (at 7:00 in the evening, we were the only car in the parking lot! I knew it was supposed to be quiet but...There was no sign of life anywhere on the premises (you enter this restaurant from the side) so I went up and pulled on the handle of the door fully expecting it to be locked. It wasn't, so i went in and there was not a soul in the place. No server, no host, nothing... I gave up and left. I tried to leave a message on the restaurant's website, but it is down (as is the open table link)This is not going to be a restaurant for long. There are too many other choices to even consider this place...
1	If I could put zero stars I would. I would be shocked if this place is still in business but if it is beware.I set up a dinner meeting here in August for a group of doctors. I booked a month ahead for the private room. I called a few days ahead to set the menu and could reach no one. Repeated calls got me no response and I was completely left in the lurch, invites out, RSVP list taken. I never heard from them. Thank god for Pasquale's on Sahara. The owners fit me in last minute and I was able to contact all my attendees about the venue change. I would have looked very bad to my customers without them. If this place is still open I urge you not to go.
