1	I've hesitated to write about Fate. I always enjoyed the food and experience at the owner's old Lucky Dragon, even back when it was on University. I also appreciate the fact that Fate is a downtown pioneer, and that one can eat there after 9:00.We've been to Fate a number of times, with vaguely disappointing results. After this visit -- we've had it. I'm not really high on the "this happened when i went there one time so it must happen all the time" style of user review. So, let me state that everything that happened on this visit has also happened during previous visits, yet never all at once. Fate, however, put it all together this time to deliver a really memorable fiasco. I don't know if Fate's policy is to have the hostess/host inform everyone waiting for a table that the wait is going to be fifteen minutes, but the math doesn't work out. The place is tiny. We waited forty minutes. The next group waited fifty-five minutes. The next few groups are probably still waiting, their once-vital bodies deteriorating into skeletons.The server dropped off some menus, mentioned that she was going to bring us some water, and then vanished as if she were an illusionist's assistant. Again, Fate is tiny, so the trick was pretty difficult.Anyway, we ordered after she rematerialized (after the required fifteen minutes). Stuff arrived. It was the old joke -- "the food here is terrible... and such small portions!"I'll spare most of the hideous details, but one lowlight to share involved the sesame/shrimp/salad item. I'm hoping that the foul flavor and aroma was the result of some slightly-off fish sauce, rather than some slightly-off shrimp. Actually, why do I care? We felt lousy afterwards and dosed up on the twin antidotes of water and mouthwash. Our cat still wouldn't come near us. Anyway, I don't mean to imply that the owner and staff at Fate are malicious. The food isn't good enough, and the experience isn't good enough. Oh, if you're uncomfortable with IKEA furnishings (I'm fine), don't even try it.
3	Oh Fate.  Why do you have to be so unaccommodating?First of all, finding Fate takes some work.  When we turned off the main road we wondered if we were completely lost since it didn't look like the kind of neighborhood you would find a restaurant, it was very residential.  As we drove by it my husband actually thought it was an abandoned building.  There is a small parking lot off to the left that fits about 5 cars or so. The inside of the restaurant is pretty cool, with exposed brick and local funky artwork.We went with a rather large group of 12.  One of the girls made a reservation ahead of time and they nicely set up a long table for the 12 of us.  (Note: long table not conducive to talking when in a large group)  About 8 of us arrived all at the same time but were told that we needed the whole party to be seated.  It's a small place and the 8 of us just standing in the door next to the table was a little awkward to say the least; especially considering there was only one other party dining at the time.  We stood and waited around until finally they told us we could sit down.The food price is very reasonable and the selection is Pan-Asian, leaning heavily towards Thai.  We each placed our orders and one of the members of our party asked to have half of her entree boxed up before it even got to the table.  They couldn't do that.  They gave her a take out box and she had to do it herself.  How hard is it for them to just put half of it aside?  The food was pretty good, however, and I enjoyed my Thai coconut curry.All in all the whole experience was unremarkable, bordering on frustrating.  The food wasn't nearly good enough to justify the poor service- although our waitress suddenly became very accommodating and friendly when we handed her cash + 4 credit cards and told her we were giving her a $50 tip on a $200 check.  Maybe we should have told her that when we had gotten there!
1	This is one of those places that really pisses me off. The food is very good, the beer is even better, and the atmosphere is super-cool. It's just the type of place we need more of in downtown Phoenix. It's even open late!Unfortunately I have to give it one lonely star because the service so often SUCKS. More than once I'v been told that because I don't have a reservation I'd have to wait up to 45 minutes despite the fact that the place was less than 50% full.The final straw was in the middle of July, when I was asked to "please wait outside" for my table. Are you kidding me? The food ain't THAT good.
1	Sometimes I think that people are willing to let ANYTHING slide in order to avoid chain restaurants. That is why Fate is so successful.Fate has the rudest staff and worst "wait" policy of any restaurant in town. The worst part? They make no apology for making you wait OUTSIDE for a table in 110 degree weather. Are they on crack? Outside??? The whole bar is empty...yet patrons are relegated to the hot dirty front yard. Why do you make people wait outside when you are empty?One time I went there and only TWO tables were occupied. They told us there would be a 20 - 30 minute wait. I asked why there is a wait as nearly ALL the tables were open. The dumb girl at the door kind of shrugged and said they weren't enough waiters. So there aren't enough waiters to handle THREE tables instead of two???At least let us wait INSIDE. Despite the place being empty the mean lady told us to wait outside. I said NO THANKS. and stormed off NEVER to return. FATE IS MY WORST DINING EXPERIENCE IN ARIZONA SO FAR.Fate is less than 1 mile from my house, so it saddens me it isn't a place I can call home.
3	Hot and Sour Soup. Not for the weak of heart, but phenomenal. Oh and the House Dynamite is also a great spicy dish with a touch of sweetness.Fate is amazing, and I love that CenPho is getting cute cozy little restaurants popping up everywhere, but...the service at Fate sucks. The girls are unfriendly (not rude, but not open or approachable). The last time I went there was in the winter and they forced us to sit on the open patio. It never gets that cold in Phoenix, but it was night time and I froze and I finally was able to get the girl to close the sliding door (after asking her twice). They definitely need to learn how to be more accomodating to their guests.Oh and forget trying to go there on First Fridays...It's MADNESS.
3	No complaints about Fate here! (EDIT: See the update below)Went on what was quite possibly one of their busiest evenings - First Fridays (art walk). Luckily though, we had made reservations earlier in the week. Called about an hour beforehand and asked if we could add one more person to our party of two - they were very accommodating. We did have to wait a little bit for our table, but I figured that would be expected on such a crazy night with people everywhere. We got a cute little table in the "garage" of the house. The atmosphere was fun, and our room was cozy. I didn't find the pricing out of the ordinary at all. We shared spring rolls ($5),I had pad thai with chicken ($11) and a side of rice ($1), while my friends had the dynamite with tofu ($9) and the coconut curry.  The three of us all had their fun line of teas which were the only thing I considered to be pricey... $4 for about two glass fulls. Overall our waitress was really nice, the DJ spun upstairs which added to the fun, and the food was good (spicy!!) and reasonably priced. Also the best pad thai I have had since moving to phoenix from Seattle. I would definitely go back!UPDATE: Went back a second time, and while the food was again very good, the staff was not as nice. Went on a "first friday" again but it was raining so no one was out. Had reservations but waited a bit to be seated. Was again seated in the "garage" but when a second party came into the garage, all of a sudden everyone wanted the doors open although it was raining and blustery outside. We were not asked if we were comfortable with this, and as a result had to put our coats back on and rush to finish eating before we froze. Also, the 4th member of our party arrived late and they not only informed us that they had a strict no-late-members policy (meaning she was basically refused food), but they didn't even look at her. Not even a glass of water. Ridiculous. I'm taking away a star.
2	Although I didn't know it, I've been living under a rock for what must be ages because I had never heard anything about Fate. All you Yelpers must be in on some vast conspiracy to chat this place up on days when I'm outside sweating to the sweet sounds of backhoes instead of procrastinating on this site under the soul sucking fluorescent lights of the office.Well played.I wish I could say the same about Fate.My dining partner (who is obviously in on the scheme as well) had heard rave reviews about this place from roommates and friends alike, so we swung by to grab a bite on a Thursday night. He was looking forward to a delectable Pan-Asian experience. I was just looking for something to satisfy my gnawing hunger. We didn't have a very hard time finding the place, which seems to be a common complaint, and stumbled upon a cute little converted house with a group of five sipping beers outside as they waited for a table. Since they're on summer hours or something, only one of the two houses was open, and none of the cool outdoor decorations (aside from the wicked Buddah head) were present. Just a tiny little stylized sign that stated, "Fate." I really hoped that the stars were about to align and the combined fury of the kitchen and wait staff would result in the culmination of its namesake. After entering the restaurant and approaching the hostess, I was startled by the number of empty tables in the place and pleased that we'd soon have some saucy, ricey goodness to sate our hunger. Unfortunately, that wasn't so. She made us wait outside, after specifically barring us from remaining indoors, for five minutes. Baffling, but no biggie. Then we were ushered into a tiny room at the front of the establishment that boasted Ikea decor and very little ambiance, so I can't even give it points on that basis, which also seems to be a big seller with reviewers. We also sat about a foot and a half from the table next to us and I had to listen to the most pretentious and vapid conversation I've been a party to in recent memory. Not good.The waitress was very friendly and attentive, and we placed our order for a couple iced teas and the pot sticker appetizer. When it came time for us to order, she was great help with the menu and we decided on the Cantonese Black Dragon Beef and the Szechuan chicken. After paying four bucks for a bottle of Republic of Tea, which is by no means 'gourmet,' I was a little miffed but willing to ride out the experience and judge by food alone. Then the potstickers came on a bamboo platter and I felt those stars starting to drift into alignment. I raised one to my lips after dipping it into the sauce and the celestial bodies whizzed right by each other with no care for fulfilling their fate.They were comparable to frozen Costco brand potstickers and the sauce they came with was heavy on soy sauce and light on any other flavor. I was too hungry to care so I scarfed my fair share, but my dining partner was completely turned off. Still, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe it was an off night in the kitchen. Then the food arrived with a little side of rice. It tasted a little better than your mom and pop corner shop Chinese, but it was on par with anything at P.F. Chang's. And if I can compare it to a nationwide chain, it doesn't deserve any more than a mediocre rating. My food was the perfect serving size, with just the right amount of rice, but the sauce was drastically different than any other szechuan dish I've ever had and the some of the chicken was diced into itsy bitsy little pieces that funked with the texture. I was really hungry, so I wasn't that critical, but my dining partner ate about three bites of his and declared, "I'm never coming back here again." To put it simply, he thought it sucked. Hard.Fate is a restaurant that seems to cater to individuals that place ambiance very highly in their dining experience. The food isn't great nor is it well priced, but I may have gone on an off night, so I'm willing to give it another shot and possibly adjust my review. I'll just have to find someone else to enjoy it with.
1	I went to Fate because I had been hearing from people for a really long time that it was just a fantastic place and I really should try.  It happened to be right by the Roosevelt where we were actually going to meet up with some of you Yelpers.  You know who you are people.  Hi guys!  It was fun!We parked and walked up and went inside.  The decor was nice. It seemed to have a decent atmosphere but I am not the type to be suckered in by all that crap.  If a place sucks, I don't care how chic the atmosphere is.  I will call a spade a spade.  The place wasn't full, quite the opposite really.  Maybe 2 or 3 tables were occupied.  So we go up to the hostess and tell her we'd like a table for two and she says that it'll be about 5 minutes which I am fine with but when I ask her if we can wait in inside she says "No.  Please wait outside."  What the fuck is that about?  I could understand if they were super busy and they didn't have any open tables for us to even sit at putting us in the way but if it weren't for the damn techno-look-at-me-I'm-cool music they were playing, you could hear crickets chirping in this joint.  Strike one!  So we go outside and wait.  She comes out after awhile and gives some other people that are waiting some drinks then tells us she'll be right back after she goes and grabs a couple of menus.  They must keep the menus in the parking lot or something because it took her awhile to come back.  She sits us in this corner that's pretty much hidden away from everything.  So here we are eating in a restaurant that I'm convinced people go to only to be seen and here we are not being seen.  Oh woe is me!  Woe, woe, woe is me!  However will I earn my cool points for the month?The waitress was very nice and attentive.  I'll give them that but god damn could they keep this place any darker.  I realize it adds ambiance but when you're struggling to read the damn menu it's a little much.  Strike two!We order a couple of $4 Republic of Teas and the pot stickers then proceed to peruse the rest of the menu.  The variety is somewhat lacking and a common theme is sweetness.  As anyone who knows me will tell you, I don't do sweet.  So I order the Cantonese Dragon Beef and my significant other orders the Szechuan Chicken.The waitress comes back with the pot stickers.  They sucked.  They were identical to the ones you get at Costco.  They are just like the ones they serve at Casey Moore's during happy hour only there they're free.  Here they cost $6.  I eat one and that's it.  Strike three!Then comes the entrees.  Decent sized portions.  I can't really tell you if the presentation was good because it was so damn dark in there but I'll just give them the benefit of the doubt on that one.  Mine was in a word, crap.  The best thing you could say about it is that it tasted weird.  I didn't even like the mushrooms.  I am a mushroom fanatic.  If there are two things on a menu that both look awesome and one has mushrooms and the other doesn't, the mushrooms always tip the scales.  But they didn't even save this dish.  I am beginning to think the baseball metaphor wasn't the best route to go as here we are already at strike four.  So in my disappointment I decide to give my girlfriends Szechuan Chicken a try.  Baseball was definitely not the way to go because we're at strike five now.  So now my only option is the white rice that came with the dish.  This thankfully was perfectly adequate.  Now if I go to a fucking CHINESE restaurant and the best compliment I can give the food is "At least they didn't fuck up the rice", we are in some ugly territory here people.  If you're looking to go to some hip chic place cuz you want to here the latest spins from DJ Such and such, skip Fate, hit up Hunan Express and then just go straight to Myst or Drift or where ever the shiny shirts happen to be on that given night.  Nuf sed.
1	Stay away. Far away.I had been hearing about Fate for a while. I had high expectations, since I had been to Lucky Dragon in the past (the owners prev joint) which was OK.It was the worst Chinese/Asian I've had in AZ, the service was terrible, the chairs uncomfortable, and to top it off my fiancee got food poisoning.... and has been sick for the last 2 days from it. I took her to the ER this morning at 4:30 AM and decided to finally start posting on Yelp since I've been a lurker for a while.Aesthetics:Initially looks like a typical hipster restaurant like you might find in another city. Nice patio, cool inside.  However... The seating at a bus stop is more comfy. There is no chair back - just this high bar thing that digs into your back.I'm going to file this under aesthetics - we ordered the Hot and Sour soup (more on that later) and the waitress suggested it was large enough to share. However, they apparently don't have any kind of serving utensil, so we had to use our little soup spoons to serve ourself soup into another bowl out of this wide shallow terrine. WTF?Service:I don't know a nicer way to say it, our waitress was a dopey bimbo. It took 20 minutes for her to take our order. She went missing for long periods of time when I had an empty water glass, and then for a while longer after I tracked her down and asked for some. Not good.Food:I ran into a friend there, and he commented at how he loved the food and was surprised we didn't like it. To be blunt, it was utter crap. The hot and sour soup was thin and spicy. That's it. It tasted like chiles and a splash of rice wine vinegar- no other flavors present. It's not like any hot and sour soup I ever had.... in a bad way. There are these weird chewy dumplings like things in it that would be better served at protecting the floor from your chair leg. I ordered some Saigon basil something or other dish with beef, she ordered the Lemon Grass whatever with tofu.My dish was bad. The beef was sliced thin but tough and chewy, and totally lacked flavor. As for basil, there were 2 small basil leaves in the dish, and that's it. The sauce was thin and one dimensional. Her lemon grass dish was also bad. The sauce tasted like Tom Yum paste from the chinese grocery store mixed with some water. I felt bad for the poor abused tofu.I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants.... but Pei Wei and Pickup Sticks are about 10x better in terms of food quality and taste. Screw that, even the chinese place in the mall food court is better. I am not exaggerating. It was a very disappointing meal.Now for the nasty part.I drank water - Fiancee unit drank th 'Green Tea.' It was like no other green tea I ever had seen. It was leprechaun green, with some kind of milk like substance in it.I thought it looked kinda funky, but she drank it.It was the only difference between our meals. I tried hers, she tried mine, etc. I didn't drink the science experiment tea.Well... Several hours later she started having stabbing stomach pains. She spent the whole night up vomiting and with diarrhea.  2 days later the vomiting has subsided but she's missed 2 days of school and is still pooping up a storm. I took her to the ER at 4:30 AM this morning and they confirmed the symptoms were consistent with food poisoning. Admittedly she had just gotten back a 45 days ago from a trip to a 3rd world country where she got (and recovered from) a tropical disease so her immune system is not at it's strongest right now, but come on. This shouldn't be the end result. Plus this IS downtown Phoenix so there are plenty of people around with compromised immune systems, if you know what I mean, due to lifestyle choices.There is some great Asian food in Central Phoenix. Maxim and Da Vang are great Vietnamese places on 19th ave.The Cultural Center has a few great places, esp Golden Buddha. Thai Lahna has been consistently good for years.Like I said I don't eat a lot of chain food - but even the Pei Wei at 7th ave and McDowell is way better in terms of food quality.
4	Ive been twice for drinks and food last time was 10/13/07Service....this seems to be one of the biggest complaints here...the first time amazing it was after 2pm and when we sat down they let us get drinks if we drank them fast they where very nice even though we where the last ones in there....ok that was the Hyde part....Jackal...the second time yes they made us wait outside even though there was tables free..."where going to a staff meeting" um I hope it was about improving the staff because thats the only thing tarnishing this place for me....I think we said we didn't want spicy food and every thing was spicy....may be they herd about us complain about the wait...FOod! : ok the pot sticker are just Ok...but I really liked the Coconut Curry Chicken....the Lemon grass chicken was really good but Too spicy for me...the Salad I had was the spiciest salad I've ever had but also really good....Drinks...um they didn't have cranberry? to mix....so raspberry instead...but other than that good sized drinks....No I didn't have any of the $22 Sakes......so the drinks where well priced....Decor: take  one of the rare historical Phx buildings and renovate it to a cool but independent not to polished places....that would be fate...funny how a little colored lighting and Co-ed sinks can make the bathroom so cool! Photo op for silly drunk people for sure.....so I don't see what all the negitive fuss is about.....I think its a great place...yes service could be better but other then that loved fate its open till 2:30am and has good food? where else would you go to get something like that? LA?
3	I've been to Fate many times with many assortments of friends.  Best elements:  Cocktails, when the chillies cooking in the kitchen totally burn your throat at your table, their recent expansion with that weird tree made out of concrete supports (you know what I mean... ), the steamed bun appetizer, the tofu, and the time I thought I saw my friend stuff her egg roll into a spring roll wrapper to eat it.  Worst elements:  the slightly pretentious seating policy on first Fridays, and the time I threw up the eggplant special (which, incidentally, I have not seen on the menu in some years), the price of the cocktails (I've become quite adept at recreating my favorites at home for a fraction of the price... plus then I don't have to drive!  I tricked you, world).
3	I am beyond foolish for the hot and sour soup. It's wickedly spicy, doubling as local anesthesia if you eat it too fast. I like the squishy little noodle things, they temporarily quell the scorching madness. I'm total glutton for punishment when it comes to spicy foods. Though I do agree that their dishware choices BLOW. There are plenty of pedestrian dishes on the menu, but some are killer, like the spicy saigon (with extra basil, if you don't have the soup nazi as your chef). The drink choices are also rather fun. I love coming here with my man and just having good, hot food.The attitude and general ineptness of the staff is awful, yes, but they aren't hired to be good servers. They are typically hired because they are edgy or cute enough, and they can tolerate the boss man's incredible rage. Johnny's a notorious hothead.
4	I eat at Fate frequently. It's my go-to place when I'm downtown and want something yummy that I know I'm going to love. The only two dishes I ever order are the Chow Fun or the Hong Kong Flat Rice, and I only ever order tofu. I once got chicken and was displeased with the size and texture of the chicken, so now I stick to tofu. I think Fate has the best fried tofu I have ever had. If you don't want to wait, be sure to make a reservation and it's generally speaking a more enjoyable atmosphere for smaller parties (ie, one or two people with you) rather than a large group. With such an intimate kitchen, it's impossible for everyone at your table to get your food at the same time. But, when you get your food, it's right out of the wok, steps from your table.
3	Picture a first date.  You meet this guy.  Good-looking, seems nice (maybe a little "too cool for school"), but you are intrigued. You start chatting and collectively decide to grab a cup of coffee.  And after an enjoyable interlude, you get up, give a small wave, saying, " I gotta run, I'll call you, this was fun" knowing very well you will never see or speak to this person ever again.  And you just can't explain why.  This is how I feel about Fate.
4	ahhhhhhhh fate.fate fate fate. love to love you...hate to hate you.the food is delicious.i recommend: The House Dynamite with chickenThe Spicy Saigon with tofuThe Pad Thai with chicken or tofuThe Hot and Sour soupThe Thai Chicken saladand the cucumber martiniI love the atmosphereeverything is great except:the wait is always incredibly long for not only for a table but service and food as wellthe seating is uncomfortable close togetherthe food is overpriced.eat in, don't get take out. doesn't taste as good for some reason.other than that i've been eating there almost since it opened four years ago and i will continue to do so.
4	It must be fate that the other place we wanted to eat lunch at wasn't open--so off to Fate we went. The food was fab, the decor was--well, it's kind of like a post-apocalyptic movie where Mad Max and his merry band of nuclear war survivors would eat. Sorry guys, I'm just not into the bare look! But since I love old houses, I'll forgive you for that. And of course, in the interest of full disclosure, I'm terminally un-hip, so all  you urban pioneers out there will just love the decor.But I'm still gonna bring hubby here sometime to eat, once again, the food is fab!!!
4	Fate is a great downtown spot. The servers are down-to-earth, the food is great, and best of all, it's open late! The lack of late-night joints in this city is horribly depressing.It's sad to read other reviews of Fate being such an awful place. True, they do take reservations which can cause some trouble with people who just walk in. Those of you who complain about having to wait outside, look at what you are dining in - a house! It's not the most spacious restaurant and if it is busy, they certainly do not have room for people to crowd the place. If there is a long wait, again - a house! There are no more than a few tables. As far as the service goes, it is excellent. The servers are extremely down-to-earth and knowledgable. The food is great, too - I recommend the Fried Tofu Wedges (well, the tofu in general), the Pad Thai, and the Hot and Sour soup. They also have fried rice, which is awesome with shrimp. All in all Fate is a great place. Make reservations, grab a couple close friends, check out their awesome beer list, and you're guaranteed to have a great experience.
1	I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either wow me or disgust me.  Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all right -- the outside bar was neat w/ good views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice.  No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm?  Come on guys, way too early for that.It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were ready to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, good job.  O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles.  Seriously?!  Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the worst curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more like a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in.  Yuck.  And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice.  I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around?  My friends completely agreed with how bad the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was bland and pointless).So yeah, I don't recommend this place.  Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some good beer on tap and some pretty good food.
4	Fate is the kind of place that makes you feel classy while eating/drinking. They have a great selection of wine and liquor plus a bunch of beers you don't see many other places.  Just be ready to spend a bit more than usual on drinks, a glass of wine will run you about $10.It's got a real cozy feel inside... when I say cozy, I mean, it's pretty damn small. But it's got a good atmosphere.The outside is now fantastic with this great bar, more seating, and DJ booth in a weird little loft thing overlooking the whole place.The food is excellent. I've never had a bad experience. I'm definitely addicted to the ying yang noodles with tofu, but the Thai coconut curry is in a really close second place.
4	Definately a diamond in the rough.  From first impression it seems like what am I doing eating at someone's house???  The service is slow and overpriced...however the food is really that good.  They serve asian fusion type food.  The pot stickers & hot & sour soup are excellent appetizers.  The main dishes are a bit eclectic but are tastey.  And the after dinner fortune cookie type things are very good.
5	Wow. I've been reading the other reviews and I'm honestly shocked.  I've been coming here since it first opened and no one knew anything about it.  I liked it better when it was small and unknown, but that's because I could enjoy it at my leisure.  The owner would often come out and chat up the customers and the business in a house was a fairly new phenomenon.The food has been consistently tasty and fairly priced. The only thing to change over the years is the architecture and decor.  I've taken all sorts of people here to eat and no one has ever disagreed that it was the best Chinese food.I have always had at least adequate service on First Fridays.  The rest of the time, the service is as wonderful as the food.
5	I heard about this guy Sarah K. went out with on 12/12. They didn't quite click, but he sounded up my alley. We totally hit it off and had all kinds of romantic dinners and wild nights. Then we got married and made tons of babies and they all grew up to become supreme court justices. This is how I feel about Fate.
4	If the city of Phoenix were to ever put out a book "Downtown for Dummies", Fate would land the cover spread.  It is like the Mary Jane of downtown establishments, a gateway drug into our city's inner core.Leery suburbanites -- and oh are they visible -- lurk into the restored bungalow and mingle with the Scenies.  After eating here, they are convinced that they want to come downtown more and urban-out.  For this, I am very appreciative of Fate.  We need more people downtown after-hours (5PM ... booo!) and Fate is their subpoena.  And this is just what their gentle palates need -- swankish pan-asian pabulum that outshines P.F., but in reality would all make us feel and look a little silly if we boasted it as our premiere Asian restaurant to a New Yorker, Seattlite, or San Franciscan.  Fate is a sleek little spot that feels cooler than it is and keeps you coming back based on the atmosphere and above average food.I have absolutely no problem eating here -- its good for groups now because their outside patio is huge -- but I'm not going here to be wowed by the food.  I have my two dishes that I don't vary from now and I suspect that once you become a regular you will have those dishes that you will rely on when the time comes for you to throw your divorce party with all of your other psycho suburbanite girlfriends before hitting up Postino.
4	Fate is defintly on heavy rotation for me. I really like how It is low-key. The food is really good and the staff is nice. I would defintly recommend calling ahead, the restaurant is a converted post war home (probably 950 sq. feet), so you could be waiitng for awhile. They don't really have a seating area to wait-that would be their only down fall. Try the tofu with your dish, it is so good.
4	I discovered this little gem while at a client in downtown Phoenix.  As with most hidden secrets in the area, this place is situated in a nondescript old house and is very easy to pass by if you aren't looking for it.  Although I've only tried one dish there, the menu is a mix of Asian delights from Indian to Vietnamese to Chinese.  I recommend anything with curry, as they have what is probably the best yellow curry sauce I have ever tasted.  I ordered mine with chicken but you can easily have a vegetarian version made, and from what my vegetarian friend told me it was just as great.  If you are one of those office types grinding away in a downtown phoenix building slowly losing your soul, do yourself a favor and drive a few blocks north and check the place out.  It sure beats walking to Subway or Quizno's for lunch every day.
5	I don't know what else I can say that hasn't already been said about Fate, but here goes. The food at Fate is like a warm spicy Asian orgasm on a plate. The martinis send me to another level of heaven. Johnny Chu is a genius and  I will cry if he ever leaves Phoenix.I think that about covers it.
2	I had to sleep on this one a few nights.I take a negative review status seriously, and to me a "2" is pretty bad.The facilities are awesome.  Outdoor bar rocks.  But right away it seemed too loud, which remined me that I may be too old.30m wait ended up being over 1 hour (Not managing expectations).Spinach Buns were a solid "4"  Yum..  Must have.Vegge Spring rolls (not fried) were horrible - "1".  It was like eating a shredded Daikon Radish.  There was NOTHING else in them!  Why?Ordered a chicken thing that was marginal.And a Beef (leather)  thing with noodles.They served a small cup of rice that I thought was amazing.  The steamed rice was a "5" for me.The beef was remarkably like seasoned leather.  As an amateur chef I sincerely cannot decide what techniques I would employ to make it so tough and flavorless.  It would be hard to reproduce.Time to get back to basics.  This was no "Flo's" or "Changs".The service didn't suck, but close.Hoping it was just an off night, but .?
3	I've been here for lunch once.  When I went the weather was beautiful and sitting outside near the garage, was outstanding.  The atmosphere is nice and down to earth, with a dash of trendy.  The food was slightly above average.
2	Ever since I moved to the area I've been wanting to try this place.  Since we are now in walking distance, I wanted to make sure that I tried this place ASAP!So last night, me and my man-friend decided to run out for a quick dinner and decided that Fate was at the top of our list!We showed up and was a bit confused by the bar outside...but after we sat down, our waiter explained that the bar next door (which plays GREAT dance music) is associated to Fate...but a different "entity".  One more comment about the bar...there is a big patio that is going to be awesome for the quickly approaching summer!So back to Fate...we tried the Pot Stickers which were really good and some cocktails.  Man-friend tried the Cucumber Kamikaze, which was AWESOME!  For dinner we had the Pad Thai w/Chicken and Szechwan Beef.   Both were good and extra spicy!  The spice here is not for the faint of hearts...it's the real deal.  Bring some tissues to wipe your brow and your nose! ;)One final great touch with Fate was the little miniature cookies that they give you with your bill.  These airy little cookies taste like vanilla wafers...and I can't wait to go back for more!The service was good and we had a great time!  I If you are in the neighborhood, you've gotta stop by.  They have a cool outside bar as well.One final note...our waiter shared with us that Fate is open until 2:30am with full menu service on the weekends...so if you are Downtown after a night of drinking...swing by here and grab a midnight snack.  4/2008 ~Update~  After eating at Wild Thaiger...which isn't too far away, this place definitely seems lacking.  Less flavorful and not as authentic.  If I ever had a choice between the two, I would pick Wild Thaiger in a heartbeat!
4	Imagine this: over the course of 3 hours, you've imbibed about 6 Hobgoblins at The Lost Leaf. Your comrad - playing it safe, since driving - watched you down this UK tasty treat, while enjoying her own. Then you both decide to wander the block. That's when you make a stop at Fate. It being around midnight, the interior is decorated with only a few patrons, mostly at the bar. You two snatch a table inside, near the door, and begin to partake of the tempting apps - egg rolls, dumplings. One has another beer - part of the "sober up" process, he assures you. The Sober One munches contently, admiring the art on the walls, the low lighting, the discovery of a place for "after the bar," when she gets the munchies and the night is winding down, near ready for her lovely face to meet her pillow. So, next time you're in the area, make sure to go to Fate. They offer a good array of menu items, which makes this place a great spot to go before the bar(s), or after. They could invest in a better beer selection, but since they offered Kronenberg 1664, who am I to complain? (The Drunk One didn't.) Besides, I s'pose if you're looking for selection, you'll make the one-block trek to The Lost Leaf.
4	here's the deal. fate is costly. the drinks are costly. the food is costly. the atmosphere, quality,  and service are priceless.i don't mind waiting forever for something that is worthwhile and fate is.i have only been disappointed in one fate experience and it had more to do with being in a large party in a small restaurant. tofu is amazing.
3	I'm not sure why I'm bothering to review Fate myself, since dozens of other people have already done so. I guess it's because I've become a little disillusioned with the place.My husband and his friends have come here all the time for years. Often, they bring me, and I love the food. The tofu is always perfectly crispy, the dishes (especially the chow fun) are excellent and the drink menu is fun and creative.So why 3 stars?Simply, this place has developed a really bad attitude. Fate is like that friend in middle school who suddenly decided she was "too cool" for you, and started moving away from  you at the lunch table and then sabotaging your cheer leading routines.Last time we came here, the bar next door to it had just opened -- so we made some allowances for slowness -- but STILL. We made reservations and still had to wait an hour. That's ridiculous. Then we had just purchased expensive drinks and were not allowed to bring them to the restaurant. No apologies, nothing.That particular night, after an hour, we were still table-less and  about to leave, as we had seen plenty of couples who were apparently *friends* with the waitstaff (and who had come much later than we had) get seated, while we waited... and waited.. .and waited... Finally, the owner of the restaurant saw us complaining, recognized my husband's friend, and found us seating.Now, a few days ago, we called to make reservations and dared to ask if they had something earlier than 9:30. What did we get? A snappy, smart ass response.No thanks, Fate. There are plenty of other places opening up downtown and we'll start to take our business there. I love what you're doing to downtown Phoenix, but that slowly swelling head on your shoulders isn't attractive.
4	People seem to love or hate this place... "fate hate"?Anyway, I lean towards the love, it is a charming converted home right in downtown. The chef is a genius, the food was unique and memorable. Get reservations or cross your fingers!My only complaint is that the place gets a little stuffy in the summer.
2	For downtown phx, this place was once pretty cool.  But the 'bigger' it got, the portions got smaller, the food got worse and the service got snottier and it's pretty much a skip now.I do love a few of the menu items.  But I think its mostly due to the large amount of MSG used in the them and the excellent tofu preparation.  The sauces are one step from the grocery store otherwise, and hugely overpriced for what they are.The concept of making people wait even when the restaurant is empty is ridiculous.  It doesn't make you look cool, Fate, it makes you look like you don't give a shit about your customers.  Also, the hiring practice there seems to be 'no serving experience, vapid, hipster, 'hot' girl?'  PERFECT!  and thus, the service often blows.  (save for a few servers that have been there forever, and are awesome)I used to love this place when the food was better and it was less pretentious years ago.  Now its just overrated and overhyped.  A true sign of how a lack of competition allows even the worst to survive.
4	Super yummy.  I've only been here once, it seems all the other times I tried to go, they were closed... bummer. I had Pad Thai and crab puffs... both amazing.  Keep wanting to go back... hopefully I get the chance soon. Gary and I need to compare their crab puffs with our other favorite crab puffs so we can pick a personal favorite crab puff in Phoenix.
4	I absolutely loved fate, the food the atmosphere and even the wait staff! It was a fantastic downtown experience and can see why everyone loves the place. The urban jungle atmosphere and zen like indie art on the walls truly completed the asthetics and made for a beautiful back drop. Both dishes we orderd were delcious. I love the way they prepared the tofu. Superb! Nest door is a lounge i believe with a DJ spinning some chill grooves. It was a great date joint. So I highly recommend it! 4 and a 1/2 stars.....
4	Wow, i can't believe how many reviews this place already has.  From the outside the place didn't look like it was open. then upon entering you feel like you have just found a diamond in the rough.  I felt Leanardo Dicaprio in the beach making new discoveries on his travels. anyhow,  we had the thai spring rolls and saigon egg rolls for starters. I really enjoyed the egg rolls. spring rolls were good as well but there was just 2.  For the main courses we had Xa HO Fun with beef and chicken. dont get the beef just chicken as the meat is mediocre. The waitress mentioned this to me  but I have ADD and did't listen!  We also had the house dynamite and this was very good.  the cookies that come with the bill were GREAT!    Cool atmosphere and really enjoyed Simon lutrin's artwork which can be seen  at simonlutrin.com.  check it out you will be glad you did!
3	The place is pretty good.  The staff is friendly.....the atmosphere is great......the decor is funky & cool.But, the food was tasty but the rice was dry, cold & hard.  I would say the food is average.That said, I would say the place is fun.  I wouldn't drive all the way downtown for it...but if I was in the area, it's a good place to stop.
2	I want to like Fate but I just don't. They cater to my vegan cravings so how bad can it be? But I just get a really shitty vibe when I walk in... Like it's sooo annoying that I want to eat there. This could all be in my head. I think everyone should try it for themselves. That said, what's not in my head is the pricing structure of their drinks next door. Holy mother of chicken, Christmas and rice. Those are some pricey fuckin' drinks. The ambiance is cool but it doesn't justify it. Not to this wretched skank's soul.
4	I love Fate, and have been there dozens of times. I agree with a lot of reviewers about the attitudes from the girls who work there. They act as though you are a bother. I can't understand why someone would work a job they hate. The food though, is incredibly tasty, and has plenty of options for vegitarians and carnivores. I like the hipster atmosphere and the food a ton. The drinks are weak, and overpriced, but the food reasonable. This translates over to next door where they charge 9 bucks for a well drink. They also treat you like scum. I'm only giving this restaurant a 4 because I pay a lot more attention to food quality and taste than I do service. I also love the fact they are open late. I work til 10pm most nights so its good to have an option that isn't fast food.
1	I hate Fate!  My fate at Fate has always been to have a mediocre meal that takes too long.  Don't even bother with a group as it only makes the servers even more surly than normal and the food even slower to arrive.The last time I was there, I was with a group (bad idea, per my comment above).  Several folks asked that their food be prepared mild.  When the food came, every dish on the table was nuclear hot.  I can handle hot food, but this was on par with Los Dos Molinos.  When we mentioned this to our server, she told us that it all has to do with the peppers they have on hand at any given time.  She patiently explained that the heat levels of the peppers vary (Duh!), but the chef always uses the same amount of pepper and never tastes the food.  Therefore, the heat level varies wildly and there is no consistency.  Frankly, any chef who doesn't taste their food needs to get out of the kitchen and into another line of work.The concept of the menu with the various preparations and the choice of proteins is great.  Sadly, Fate falls apart in its execution.It's a lot less flashy, but you get a consistent meal at China Chili where they also know how to regulate the heat in their food.  Apparently their chefs actually taste their dishes.
1	First of all, Johnny Chu should be ashamed to call himself a chef. He is barely a line cook. As stated in previous reviews, he doesn't even taste his own food (which accounts for the wide margin of variety a single dish may have on two different visits).So, I made reservations, thinking I may be able to sit at the bar because I arrived 10 minutes early. Wrong. I was ordered to wait outside. Nearly 45 minutes later, and a drink at the bar next door, I inquired about my table. The girl didn't even look up at me to acknowledge I had said anything. After a minute or so of staring at her while she continued to ignore me, she finally said my table was ready. Hmm.The food is horrible. I fear those of you who enjoy it, rather enjoy the "atmosphere" and come here to be seen. The food is either completely bland (e.g., my curry, which tasted of water with a slight hint of something I couldn't even recognize) or so hot as to mask any possible flavor. By calling themselves "authentic Asian" cuisine is just silly. There are so many hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurants that could cook Chu under the table blindfolded.So, the rude, nonexistent service, the insanely overpriced food, and to be seen is what you're paying for. If you enjoy being treated like shit and fed food that I wouldn't feed in a troth for pigs--you may enjoy this place and good for you!
1	Fate has great food, but lacks on every other level. I live three blocks away so its upsetting to see a place with so much potential fail.
3	The bartender remembered my name. HA! Fate is rad... dining experience not so much. Actually Ive never eaten here. We either decided not to go through it or someone ate my dinner because they had too many cocktails. When you go, park on the street, stay for the cocktails - for they are large and in charge, leave for the food and don't climb the wall.
5	I was actually pretty shocked to see any negative reviews for Fate on here.  The whole bun scenario listed a few reviews down sounds like a fiasco, but thankfully i've never had a negative experience there, and i've been there god only knows how many times.Fate is my favorite restaurant.  i discovered it late one night (well, early morning, actually) after helping a friend shoot a burlesque show downtown.  I was amazed that they were open that late (I think it was one...maybe two A.M.?).  He insisted that I'd be amazed, and I was.  I have had to wait a few times to get in, but usually that was because it was First Friday.  It's understandable, because it's a small place (like most of the places downtown), and it's pretty popular.  Besides, you can always call ahead and make a reservation if you don't want to wait.  It's not a big deal.  The service the first time and each subsequent visit was excellent, and the food was brought out ridiculously fast.  The crab puffs are to die for, and I honestly have trouble narrowing down which martini is the best.  The pad thai martini is just amazingly weird enough to be good, but the spicy cucumber is out of this world.  I've tried a number of dishes, but I always come back to the spicy Saigon with shrimp.  I'm glad I don't live nearby, or I'd go there all the time.  This way it's always a treat when I go.
5	I love Fate! LOVE it. I love Fate so much, sometimes I want to take it behind the school and get it pregnant!Their green tea milk is AMAZING. I go cuckoo for it. For reals! Their little mushrooms are so good too. Oh my god, they are like little mini mushrooms. If keebler elf's, harvested mushrooms, these would be it! So good! If it's your first time, trust me: get the crab puffs, grab yourself a cool refreshing hulk-alishist Green Tea Milk, and go for the Hong Kong flat noodles. So good! And what about those little wafer cookies they give you at the end? They are like air! But better! (...they have calories...maybe they are not like air...but in a perfect world? Like Air!)
3	Fate was okay. Nothing to write home about. The food was flavor-less. We had their - steamed spinach buns: pretty good really. dipping sauce was a little weak - too much salt.- fried tofu wedges: okay. could have been seasoned better before fried. garnish was weak.- house dynamite: had this with chicken. the chicken was pre-cooked and tasted old. the sweet and sour sauce was okay - not distinct. I think the dish could have been better with more ginger or something.- hong-kong flat noodles: sauce was weak. could have had more garlic.overall, the bar area is kinda cool next door to fate. but, the restaurant needs some work. starting with the hostess. the hostess stand is buried in the back of the place and she acts like you should know who she is. She was rude. Didn't greet us - It's was more like: -"What?" - "Um, Hi, can we put our name down?" (this is a restaurant, right?)- "Oh, yeah, if you want. It's going to be like an hour."- "Okay, great. We'll go next door."-
3	I've had better food but this is a good place to chill at... not to mention they have GOOD Mojito's!!
2	I really enjoy the atmosphere however the food is worse than a microwave dinner. I think the buy bing bags of stirfry from costco!!We got there and they didnt seat us for 30mins. When there were tables. Then we got seated and didnt get the food for 1 and a half hours. We kept trying to grab the witress but she would avoid us. Then we would ask othe waitresses and they said the would check.People were coming and going that got there after us!!!Finally I got aggressive with our waitress and we saw her walk to the chef and put in our order!!!She forgot to put in our order!!!Since she wanted to pretend like it was just taking a long time she fucked the whole order up because she was going off memory and couldnt ask us because then we would know.The food came finally and it was all crap we didnt even order!!!We told her to forget the whole thing we are leaving and not paying.She grabbed her manager who told us. "she is on thin ice with the owner who is right there. I can take it off the bill but there is a good chance we will get her fired. Or the waitress will pay for half out of her pocket"WTF!!!!!!!!!!!Of course I told her the whole meal needs to be free and it was extremely unprofessional that she would blame a waitress getting fired because we waited a total of 2 hrs for the wrong meals we didnt eat!!It would have been rated a zero star but I gave it 2 because now they are a bar too and that portion is pretty cool.
3	This is one of those reviews where I don't have too much to say.I ordered the House Dynamite with shrimp and it was good.  Not out-of-this-world good, but I'd-order-it-again good.  My fellow yelper dining companions liked their dishes too for the most part.  If I lived in that area I might go there more, but it's not a place I will go out of my way to go to.The outside seating and bar area look cool (we sat inside right by the kitchen) and would be really nice for drinks at night.  The two downers were the amount of flies and the fact that I was running a few minutes behind and the chick wouldn't sit my friends before I got there.  Really?  And the place was empty too, so it's not like they were holding anyone up.  A solid 3 stars from me.
3	My husband and I checked the place out for the first time on a First Friday (http://www.artlinkphoenix.com/alp/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=12&Itemid=27) and were really impressed by the setup - the house right on the corner has a huge circular bar in front of it and the house on the left is the actual restaurant (with 4-5 tables in front for outdoor dining). The outdoor area was filled with people sipping drinks and waiting to be seated and the vibe felt really hip and urban, just like the artwalk taking place in the surrounding streets. There was a wait for a table, so we put our name down. As many reviewers have already mentioned, the hostess isn't particularly warm and is actually a bit snippy. I don't think it makes the place seem more desirable if the staff is aloof and plays hard to get, but hey, maybe some people fall for that. We then walked over to get a drink at the bar. I tried the Pad Thai martini (a mix of lemongrass and basil, I think it was). It was strong, for sure, but for $12, I expected a slightly larger portion. The flavor was also really strong (very herbal) and not particularly tasty. We were seated inside after about 20 minutes of waiting, which wasn't too bad given how busy the area was for First Friday. Unfortunately, however, we were seated at this high, communal table - across from each other, but sandwiched (literally) between two other parties. We didn't necessarily have a problem with this arrangement, but what did piss us off was how *ridiculously* uncomfortable the bar stools were. They were made out of this hard metal criss-cross material and literally dug into the backs of our thighs. My husband commented that they should have sat on them before they decided they would make sense for seating during a meal. On a positive note, the inside was decorated in this really cool urban-loft style and being so close to the kitchen created a really homey feel (although on this 110-degree night, we couldn't "stand the heat" but couldn't really "get out of" or away from the kitchen). Our server was friendly enough and the food was definitely decent. For our appetizer, we tried the Thai spring rolls - the rice paper was the right softness and the dipping sauce was awesome, but the rolls were literally stuffed with vermicelli and contained just one miniscule shrimp each. The entrees - the shrimp sesame salad and chicken Xa ho Fun noodles - were definitely good but nothing mindblowing. The veggie selection in the noodles seemed random and not necesarily well-thought-out. The sauce on the noodles was tasty and perfectly spicy, but there was too much of it, so the noodles got kind of soggy. The salad was also overdressed, and the dressing was too salty. However, the shrimp in the salad was amazing quality - we've had a lot of bad shrimp here in Phoenix, so this was a huge plus. To sum it up, for every positive we encountered in our food, there was a drawback.  Actually, now that I stop and think about it, the whole negative-for-every-positive thing kind of describes our whole experience at Fate. We loved the bar area but weren't big fans of the drinks. We appreciated the cool vibe of waiting outside a house to be seated but weren't thrilled with how inhospitable the hostess was. We thought the inside of the restaurant was well-presented but hated the imprints those horrible stools left on our thighs. We thought some aspects of the food were great but that others were sub-par. Didn't love all of it, but didn't hate all of it. Three stars.
4	I've only experienced the bar and am eager to return to try the food-it smells wonderful. So that being said, this review pertains only the bar. This bar is AWESOME- it reminds me of all the outdoor bars in Patong Beach in Thailand. Big circular bar outdoors-we checked it out during this past First. Awesome, chill feel with red mood lighting. If you can't sit at the bar, there are other tables and chairs on the patio as well as a sofa. Good selection of drinks, and the DJ was playing some righteous chill tunes. Really made for a nice atmosphere that makes me want to go back for more. I think it will be PERFECT in a few months when the weather cools down a bit-the fan and outdoor coolers make it bearable, but it's still a little. That still did nothing to detract from the awesome atmosphere that the bar has. During First Friday, it feels like the center piece of an awesome black party. The only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is that it takes forever to be served. These bartenders are justifiably busy, but to wait and have no one acknowledge that I'd been waiting is costing them a star on this rating. But this is relatively minor-if you're not in a rush, you will LOVE this place!
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant ever.I have been coming to Fate for about five years now and never ONCE have I been disappointed with the food or the atmosphere. We are normally pretty lucky and we get Heather who is SUPER sweet and a great waitress. I see reviews about people complaining about the hostess. Yeah, they can be snobby and make life difficult but it is SO worth it.I would 100% recommend the hot and sour soup. It is amazing. Unfortunately I recently found out it has SHRIMP POWDER so I cannot eat it any more. Another tasty veggie friendly appetizer is the tofu wedges. They come with an amazing peanut sauce.I have had several entrees, but always come back to the Hong Kong Flat Rice with fried tofu. It is so amazing. Garlicy sauce. They have really amazing yellow curry too. They might put brown sugar in it because it is a little sweet, but perfectly so.The portions are always great, and you honestly CANNOT beat the atmosphere. It is an old house in the historic district turned restaurant and they display artwork from local artists. Stay away during artwalk though, or you will have to wait forever for a table. They are open really late on the weekends too.At least give Fate a shot once. If you don't like it I will let you punch me in the gut.
3	I just need to say that what ever that sauce is that they serve with the fried tofu... Oh God! I would bathe in it if I could. Anyway. That sauce aside, the food is pretty good but it's not the best I've ever had. The parking situation kind of sucks which is a slight turn off as well. I've been a few times and tried a few different menu items and they all rate about the same in my book... those little cookie/wafer things they give you with the check though are really good. In fact, I think I might head over to Lee Lee's to pick some up =)
2	Yay: The outdoor bar is cute, although 105 degrees and humid prohibits actually *sitting* outside and enjoying a drink.Yay: Despite the uber-bitchy hostess, we were actually able to get seated on a Friday night at 8 pm right away, although there were inklings of staff resistance.Yay: Very cute decor.Boo: It's eight hundred degrees outside, and you know what? When you're a cheap ass with the AC, it's eight hundred degrees INSIDE too.Boo: The thai spring rolls are like nothing I've ever had, and not in a good way. Kind of cold and flaccid, yet sticky, and filled with little white noodles. Huh? No. Even if it tasted good, it's too close to fellating a cadaver for my taste.Boo: NO substitutions. NO sauce on the side. Especially -- according to the wide eyed server -- because the owner was there that night. I do not give a rat's ass. I am the customer. If I want a side of sauce, who the hell cares? Pretentious jackass.Boo/Yay: I am picky about curry. I like it very very very thick, which Fate's was. However, it was actually quite flavorless, a surprise given that the empty takeout container stunk my kitchen up so bad you'd think it would have flavor for days. The tofu was good, though, crispy and not gooey.Boo: Service? Sucked out loud, especially after we got our entrees. Literally abandoned, we had to get up and actually get a server, any server, so we could get takeaway boxes and the check. The same server never came by twice.So, you have mediocre food and a staff with the deadly combination of clueless and pretentious. No thank you. I know everyone seems to love Fate, and I wanted to too, but we will not be back.
3	Am I a snob about Asian food? Yup. Can't help it. I grew up in NYC, where Chinatown has real Chinese people. I lived for a decade in San Francisco, which has arguably the best Asian food in the US. I had a Korean girlfriend who was attending the culinary institute, and I happily volunteered to be her guinea pig (yeah, for her cooking too). And I spent a lot of years traveling all over the US and Europe, so I'm sufficiently jaded. I also have to say, I've tried lots of restaurants since moving to AZ four years ago, and I've come to the conclusion that, just as the Germans can't do decent Mexican food, AZ suffers a dearth of decent Asian restaurants. That said....Fate is pretty good by AZ standards. Put it in SF and it wouldn't last a week, but here, it stands tall. The atmo is funky to the point of trying-too-hard. I like the support-yer-local-artist concept, sure. I like the rustic, we're too cool for carpeting decor. But fer chrissakes, would it kill you to slap a coat of paint on the walls, or sand down the splinters on the floor? Sure, I'd eat there again....but I'd rather just grab a good Asian fusion meal when I'm out of town.
3	I can't imaging that I haven't reviewed Fate before. The prices are pretty good, the food is also a favorite of mine. I agree with DK, it tries to hard to be cool, but with little else to eat on roosevelt, I guess it has to. They can't seem to keep good staff, the host(s) have the amount of brain cells you expect them to have when you see of the- yes, I'm trying to be artsy- outfits they go out in public in. Just get the food to-go and you'll be alright.
2	this place isn't all that it's hyped up to be. lots of people say "this is the best place for chinese" it really isn't people. i've had better from, i'm embarrassed to admit - pei wei. i had the beef pad thai which was watery and bland. it seemed like they just added a load of hot-spices to cover up the watery substance. it was just awful! the server took a long time to refill my water while my mouth was on fire,  i'm never going back to this place again. this place is too small to bring in a 10 person group, so don't.sorry Fate i know you mean well to the asian cuisine community, but you're not worth my presence.
5	I must say Fate was the only positive thing I gained from an otherwise awful date. The food was fantastic. I had the green chicken curry. It had the perfect mixture of spices and it was not too spicy for a curry dish. I wasn't  expecting the curry sauce to be creamy. The sauce had a light green split pee hue, but despite the odd color the flavor was amazing. The meals were fairly priced. I believe my dinner was around the same price as my first drink...$10.00-$12.00. I enjoyed the artistic ambiance. The staff was polite and our food and drinks were delivered to us promptly. I have read other reviews about the hostess's being rude...luckily I haven't experienced that. Even if I had e negative staff experience I would still recommend Fate for the food alone.
2	Sorry, Fate, but you're goin' downhill. I don't know if it's the economy, or what, but what's with cutting back portions even smaller? Sorry, but I can't see the justification in spending $12 on 1 1/2 cups of food and a measley 1/2 cup of white rice that might satisfy one person. I mean, the portions weren't large to begin with, why cut them back even more? Also, it's time to rethink your management skills. The veteran servers have always been amazing, but what's with the hostess? It would be nice being greeted with a smile and 'hello'. Instead you're made out to look stupid and completely clueless - upping the awkwardness. Also, they need to just get rid of the "bar" like table. Everyone mistakes it for a bar and gets their heads bit off when they attempt to wait there...and it hasn't proven to be a comfy dining area unless you're in a big group, so maybe they should just consider actually making it a bar/waiting area or ONLY reserving it for large groups. Forget this sandwiching a party of two between two large parties business...Back to the management...Johnny Chu and his wife "manager" need to jump off their high horses. The elitist attitudes they boast would be more understandable if they actually had reason to do so. It's time Fate does some serious re-thinking of their establishment...it's obvious through the Yelp reviews that they're not doin' too hot anymore. 2 stars for the good food (but shitty portions) and veteran servers.
2	The food here is generally overpriced and over-rated.  Nothing special and the portion sizes leave much to be desired.  If you're looking for somewhere 'sceney', however, this place will deliver.  One thing you notice if you go there before sunset (when there's a decent amount of daylight shining into the restaurant) is the dirt.  The backs of the white plastic chairs are covered in dirty handprints.  Nothing some bleach and elbow grease won't cure, but still makes you wonder about the cleanliness of the place overall (not something you want to be worrying about when you're trying to enjoy a meal).
4	Been there 3 times.  Like the location as well as the food.  It proves that people that are younger then me and "hip" still appreciate great food. Not a big fan or oriental food but I love this place.  The portions are substantial.  I have enjoyed taking friends there and have them think I am nuts for taking them there on the way in and having them thank me on the way out.  If you want to step out of the norm and have some great food this is the place for you.
1	hey fate.  you were better when you were that hole in the wall on university called lucky dragon.boo.nastiest food ever.
3	It has all kind of been said as far as this place goes, so I will keep this brief.1. The food is delicious (I had the citron chili with tofu and my girlfriend had the pad thai), but the portion sizes are way too small.  Fate was probably the first Asian restaurant I ever walked away from feeling like I did not have enough to eat.2.  Where is the host or hostess?  I am not sure what it is about hip new restaurants and not having a system set in place for people to be seated, but it is annoying, frustrating, awkward, and somewhat embarrassing for the patrons who end up standing in the middle of a restaurant looking around for some sort of guidance.  Honestly, just a small sign saying "please wait to be seated" would be fantastic.3.  The service was uneven.  We had to wait a bit to figure out if we seat ourselves or if we wait for one of the staff (it was the latter).  Once seated, we waited several minutes before our waitress came over to take our order, but we did get our food quickly after ordering; then, we did not see our waitress again until she was bringing us our check.Fate really deserves two and a half stars rather than three.
4	Really liked the location and buildingThere was interesting table layouts inside this "house." There are tables spread out into different rooms, and you are right in the art district of Phoenix. There is an open kitchen, which aromatically lifts your spirit when you first walk in.The cuisine was fast and authentic. I had a large plate of stir fry (don't remember the actual name.) with pork, pea pods, baby corn, bak choy, carrots, and a garlic spicy sauce. With that I had a great Vietnamese beer "33" and walked out full and happy.Recommend going down there on the first Friday of the month when they do First Friday's and it is just wonderful to see all of the artist with their stands out at night. Oh, and the "33"
4	I was surprised by all the mediocre reviews here. I've always thought the food was excellent.The service is nothing to write home about, and even with a reservation I've ended up waiting 10 or 15 minutes.
4	Pad Thai with chicken, to go.  It's all I ever order.  Problems solved.  Though I did get a bum wrap-job once that led to an in-car calamity before going dancing and had the stench of spilled onion and chili on me all night.  Ah well.  It attracted the right people.  I could have had a Malaysian sugar daddy paying my innanet bills is all I'm sayin'.Their service and friendliness have always sucked if you're not in some clique acknowledged by the staff.  I also don't like smelling like their fryer after spending an hour in the building.Forget about Fate food on First Fridays, but definitely dance and kick it to the always-bangin' DJ Mendez on the patio (Nextdoor).Prices have gone up and portion sizes have gone down, but my picky executive chef Asian mother gave this place her late-night seal of approval and I just can't mess with that brilliance.I've been coming here since its grand opening some years ago and have DJed here on many a weekend night and First Friday; it's hard to reject a huge part of my Phoenix experience.  Like a good friend, I'll stick by it through the rough patches.  Unless it really fucks me over.
4	i've been to fate twice now-once in the afternoon for appetizers and lunch-to-go in october and most recently for dinner on a friday night.  both times the staff was pleasant and attentive.  the food was good, not spectacular, but certainly not bad.  our wait was minimal.  i think it's best to try it any day that's not first friday when it will surely be overwhelmed by the masses.  also i was assured by our server that fate is very vegan/vegetarian friendly- all of the entrees can be made with tofu, which is flash fried in it's own vat, safe from contamination.
3	We went to Fate for some late night food after a few other bars. There were about 9 of us, and they were quick to get us a table big enough and the waitress was more than friendly. We ordered in couples, to have our tabs separated, but the kitchen brought out 3 separate orders of the pot stickers on one plate... a little strange considering we weren't all sitting next to each other. Outside, on the other side of Fate, there was a more club-style environment. When walking over to check it out, we were abruptly stopped by a staff member to check our IDs, although he didn't stop us in the nicest/friendliest way- a simple "Can I see your ID?" works perfectly. I'd like to try this place out again, maybe before 1am this time :)
4	I love the food and semi-dislike the ambiance. I don't like eating in plastic lawn chairs. And most of the servers have that  "I'm way cooler than this in real life" attitude. All that said, I could eat the fried tofu in dragon black bean sauce every day....and I don't really like tofu - but this is just different and wonderful! Lots of fresh vegies, wonderful creative ingredients on the entire menu and the cocktail menu was pretty cool as well. My husband tried some sort of basil ginger tini last time - it was wonderful! I would give the place five stars if the seats and service were nicer.
1	I've eaten here many times in the past few years, and the food was always fabulous.  Not so this last time.  The food was AWFUL.  I assumed that Johnny Chu was still the chef, so I emailed him to ask him what was up with the food, only to find out that he is no longer there, which may explain the awful food.  After having eaten here seven or more times, I won't be back.
4	Went to Fate while roaming around at First Friday.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect because of the mixed reviews. But, my experience was very positive and pleasant. We got there early and put our name on the list. The staff was very nice about keeping us updated on where we were.  Once we were seated (inside) the server was nice and attentive. No discernable 'tude.  Love the space BTW...very tiny but very cool with the exposed brick and rafters....and dark....also...I would really like it if restaurants lit with candles would print their menus in a larger than 3 pt. font.  Or maybe I could just break down and buy some reading glasses. :)We got the spring rolls as an app. They were good but a little odd (austere..ha)...they were filled entirely with celophane noodles (they may call them something else) with basil leaves rolled in with the wrapper.  They were served with a spicy sauce that complimented them nicely. OK...sooo...I don' t really remember exactly what our entrees were called (please refer to top paragraph). But we had shrimp and chicken dishes. Mine was spicy chicken, hers was shrimp and wasn't.  Both were quite good.  I would definitely eat here again.
1	My love affair with Fate ended when Johnny left. The service, quality and atmosphere took a total nose dive.Go to Sens instead.
1	All I can say about Fate is 'yuck' That's it.
2	So we were walking up 5th street in search of Conspire.  We walk and we walk and nothing.  We finally come up to what appears to be a restaurant converted from a house.  Seems dead so we ask the construction crew there and they assured us it was open.  We walk in and the first thing I see is a black man behind the counter.  My first thought was, cool, a diner of sorts.  May be this is some breakfast joint and I'll get me some grits.  Then a white waitress sits us and presents us the menu.My first thought was, "What the?!"Most of the menu contained asian fusion dishes.  Huh.  Skepticism flared up immediately.  The waitress highly recommended the CRAB PUFFS, especially since the crabs were flown in fresh regularly.  Honestly, I could not tell that there was any crab in these things at all.  They tasted like, well, cream cheese deep fried in won ton skins.  That's it.The waitress also recommended the House Dynamite and the PAD THAI.  I opted for the latter.  It is unlike any pad thai I have ever eaten.  Ever.  The sauce was soupy.  The noodles were not pad thai noodles.  The dish didn't have some of the items one usually expects from pad thai, like say, oh bean sprouts.  Surprisely, I actually liked the flavor of the dish.  It wasn't bad and had a nice kick to it.  But there's no way that's pad thai.I also had some thai iced tea, which came from a bottle.On the way back to the hotel, we came across Conspire (on fifth st!)!  We look quizickly up at the closest street sign (5th street) and down the street (5th street).  Wha?!  Damn you downtown Phoenix with your numbered streets and avenues and repeating streets!
1	This used to be on my very short list of "favorite" restaurants. Everything was perfect - except the Pad Thai (I am a traditionalist when it comes to Pad Thai and it's not realy Pad Thai at fate, the noodles and the sauce are wholly different).  The crab puffs were amazing, the ambiance was clever and appropriately aloof/warm.  I even enjoyed the loud music next door, the bar was comfortable - and the scene was young and nutty.,  Loved it.  I am sad to see this place die out. I have NOT visited FATE since SENS opened up - I was hoping SENS and FATE would do some joint marketing and certainly there was enough interest for them to work as a team - but alas, FATE moved on without Jonny and that was a huge mistake.See my review of SENS.  That place just keeps getting better and better.  I am addicted.  We go very often and enjoy everything about the people and the food.
4	What a fun place! Just a hop and skip away from the light rail and the perfect stop during the art walk.  The food is tasty, booze selection is fun, and the architecture is great.  Not huge on all of the expansion around it, but the food has stayed the same.  Give 'em a try!
1	I really want to like this place. Their food is delicious - the crab puffs are addicting and melt in your mouth.Unfortunately the service is terrible. It takes forever to get a drink at the bar on weekend nights, which is the only time to go since it is dead during the week. On First Fridays they don't take reservations past a certain time and then you have to put your name on a list. Each time I've put my name on this list they have crossed it off without trying to locate me, as I sit waiting for my party's name to be called right in front of the door. I then have to argue with the hostess to get back on the list to wait again.
3	Once upon a time, this Asian Fusion joint was crammed into a tiny one bedroom residential building, with the dj having to climb a ladder up to the attic to spin records.  Now, Fate 905 has arrived.  It still has that warm cozy feeling when you step onto its hardwood floors, hear the music drifting in from outside, and are lulled and calmed by the candles burning against clean white walls.  What once was the second dining room, has now become a contemporary addition to the once small closet-sized unisex bathroom.Most nights, this hip Asian eatery has a DJ and trumpet player creating jazzy and funky sounds under the canopied bar outside.  As its location puts it in the heart of the Art Walk every First Friday of the month, it is a very popular meeting place for cocktails and good beats.  With its new aesthetic renovation, also came a rejuvination of its previous drink and food menu.  Their new chef has worked at Zinc Bistro at Kierland Commons, and The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale.  "The menu has been stripped down, and redesigned," says our very knowledgable waiter, Josh Schripsema.  Dim sum and house made noodles, are just a couple of the new items people will be seeing on the menu.  Once upon a time, I came here just for the thai yellow curry, but even that has changed somewhat on the menu.  Overall, the dishes are simple and vegetarian.  There are spicy red curries, there are vietnamese spring rolls, sesame, Pad Thai, and their popular crab puffs.   A great refreshing drink to sample is The Sake Mojito.  Sake replaces the rum and soda water. Wow!! As for value and quality, I don't feel that the food meets the high expectation generated by the price, as most seem to agree with.Cons: No happy hour, average cocktail is $12Pros: offers a late night menu, up to 3a on the weekends. lots of vegetarian items on the menu, great late night atmosphere
3	It seems that this restaurant has undergone quote a few changes. There were no crab puffs as everyone referred to in previous review. Food was good. Duck appetizer was fabulous. Be warned that as this is a VERY small restaurant with the kitchen adjacent to the tables, the place heats up really quick! It is also a bit on the pricey side.
4	Yes I know this place is now apparently closed but I only went their once and had a really good time. It was March 2006, my birthday dinner, and staff were great, the food was really good. Sorry to hear that it seemed to had gone downhill. Oh well, I enjoyed my one night with Fate and I will always have those memories.
