3	Big box meets office supplies, the OD also sells office furniture, computers and other electronics. Prices can be competitive but I wouldn't bet on it. Shop around.However if you're looking for supplies, like paper and pens or in my case, binder clips, this is the spot. Staff is friendly and the store is well organized, brightly lit and neatly stocked.
5	AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE:I have been to this location 3 times in the past year.  This office depot is the closest one to my work, but if it was closer to my home it would be the location I frequent most often.  In the 3 times I have come in, someone has stopped to help me as soon as I enter the doors.  They are also excited when customers enter the doors.  It's not like the normal humdrum of "do you need help", but a genuine interest in what you need with phrases like, "What can I help you with today?"  They greet me, walk over, then ask me if I need assistance.  If they are in the middle of helping someone else, they will have to point to what I need, but if not they will walk me to it or to the associate that can better help me.  When I've gotten to my particular dept each time, the associate working in the dept always assists me.  I am a somewhat picky person when it comes to work ledgers, calendars, files, etc, and on the 3 occasions I have been to this location every associate has been helpful in finding the perfect thing. They are knowledgable about the products they carry, the location of them, shipping of certain items,  and the stocking of them. The cashier assisting me on 2 occasions was the same.  I don't remember her name, but she was short, older,grayish hair, and a smile on her face.  She has always been super friendly and all about the new promotions etc that they have. She is a true gem in customer service just like the rest. BEAUTIFUL STORE:There has not been a single time I've come into this store and seen a mess from stocking, a customer, etc.  It is always very clean and organized. It is always well-stocked with few product holes. STAFFING:There is always someone there to assist you, so this store is staffed very well.  When you get to the register, you rarely have to wait in any line and there are always people up front ready to assist you.  And of course, amazing customer service.  I feel as if every employee has been hand-picked to complement the store, so kudos to mgmt even though I've never met you!ATMOSPHERE:The store is well-lit with a good layout.  Products are easily found and accessible.  The staff creates an air of excitement every time I come in. LOCATION:  The biggest downfall.  It's hard to navigate in and out of here due to the location on 51, and I have to drive out and take a u-turn to get where I need to be. As an office supply nut, this store fuels my addiction!! I do wish this store was closer to my home in a neighboring town as seemingly everything is better, but especially the customer service. It's so nice to walk into a business and feel welcome and appreciated no matter what I look like, no matter how little or how much I'm buying, and no matter how busy the store is upon my arrival.
5	I came here initially seeking Sriracha, but unfortunately, this location did not carry it. The very handsome sales associate (near the computer stuff on 8/23) with the moist blue eyes and sandy hair was incredibly helpful to my friend and me. He searched other stores for Sriracha and skillfully wrote directions for us. I've never received directions as precise as those he gave us. This sales associate was exceptional and smelled really good. I highly recommend this location for its staff (but don't go here for Sriracha).
