5	Wonderful wood fire crust and great 'guenuine' sausage slice from Guido's of Chicago (in Scottsdale)....that crust with the wood fire flavor...wow!!!
5	Excellent food and atmosphere, this is the real deal! Don't miss it.
5	This hidden gem offers delicious food with an authentic Italian ambiance. The menu is simple, yet incredibly flavorful. The ingredients are fresh and the wood fired pizza oven cooks everything to perfection!
5	Great decor, bright and open.  Wood fire pizza oven is right in front of you.  Ingredients are high quality and the owner Bill is a really great guy.  The prosciutto, fig and goat cheese pizza was amazing.  Also, the housemade burrata was incredible.  They just installed a herb garden out on the patio.  I used to frequent this place when it was a previous business and owner.  It is completely flipped the mood of the environment and is a great new addition to the neighborhood.  We plan to frequent and often.  Don't ask if they are going to be open to the wee hours as in the past businesses.  It's not gonna happen.  Nice.
5	Il Bosco was awesome! Quality ingredients, great service and authentic feel. We appreciate the attention to detail.. from the custom olive plates to the herb garden outside. When it comes to pizza there are many choices...but this is the right one! We will be back soon!
5	I have gotten take-out from here twice in the past week . It's a little hidden gem just off 71st and Shea ( on Becker) tucked between Handle Bar J's and a strip mall. Their sign is barely visable under a great Misquite Tree and only signed from the east side view. Sounds complicated, but once you find it, you will be dancing in the streets! The pizza cooks in 90 seconds ( literally), so if you want to take dinner a little slower, don't order it right away. The appetizers I have tried while ordering my take-out have been great! My family and friends CRAVE this pizza! I live in central Phx, but it is so worth the drive. If you get take out, trust me and order 2 pies. I  got two bites of the last pizza I brought home. They see the box enter the door, grab and run!! It's comical and scarry! I try and live Gluten-Free and have yet to ask them if they can come up with a crust for GF pizza, but weirdly enough I don't feel bad after eating it and didn't gain any weight. My friend said the same thing of her experience with their pizza. That made us both happy! I rarely eat pizza, because I have never found one I like in the valley. Now I found one I LOVE!!!. Il Bosco is  quaint &  hip with super simple deliciously yummy food. Ciao!
5	What's not to like about this great little Pizzeria?  Tucked away next to Handlebar J's, this cozy place has all the charm you would expect from an owner that has a passion for creating an authentic Italian experience.We have visited Il Bosco now on several occasions since its opening, and have yet to find a flaw in the service or food.  Having the owner personally wait on you is always a nice touch in a locally owned restaurant, and Bill makes sure that you always feel welcome and appreciated.  Il Bosco has an excellent wine list that compliments the eclectic selection of wood fired pies, including a refreshing Procecco that really hits the spot on a warm Arizona evening.  These guys even produce their own sparkling water!Complimentary in-house marinated olives and artisan bread baked fresh daily make a nice start to the meal, while Il Bosco's version of Caprese salad will make you think you've died and gone to heaven.  The fresh, local ingredients Il Bosco uses makes all the difference, and has this starter bursting with flavor.Chef Dennis is the "mastro pasticciere" at Il Bosco, turning out crispy/crunchy deliciousness from his 700+ degree wood-fired oven.  It is obvious this ain't his first rodeo, and is happy to explain his technique to anyone who is lucky enough to grab a front row seat at the bar to watch him in action.The pizzas he serves up are nothing short of amazing.  The Biaggia - a goat cheese, fig and proscuitto really took me by surprise and has now become one of my favorites.  Last night I had the Domenica - a spicy sausage and leek pizza that redefined my opinion of what a sausage and leek pizza should be. :)There are pizzas for the less adventurous, I encourage you to go to the Il Bosco website and take a look the menu, then call for a reservation to experience this outstanding Scottsdale treasure!   Support your local restaurants, folks!  They are what gives a city it's uniqueness.
5	Had been trying to get to Il Bosco for quite some time and after eating there last night, I have found I've been missing out.Tucked in a tiny recessed space directly next door to Handlebar Js (one block north of Shea, just west of Scottsdale Road), Il Bosco is a rare spot here in the Valley - looks and feels much more suited for San Francisco's North Beach or Boston's West End - a quaint, neighborhood feel, a comfortable little space that doesn't try to make you feel like you're in Sicily but rather  is just is what it is - a gourmet wood-fired pizza restaurant that does what they do VERY well.Not many places here in AZ where the owner greets you at the door and also serves as your waiter.  He also knows his pizza inside and out and took the time to chat with us about the process he uses to make his dough, the fresh baked bread, the construction of his pizza oven and his fresh herb garden out on the patio.Il Bosco is clearly a labor of love for owner Bill Forrest. He did the entire build-out himself and says its easy to recommend pizza for his customers - "it's my menu...they are all my favorites or they wouldn't be on there."From the caprese salad's crisp cherry tomatoes, creamy mozzarella and basil grown right there on the property to the two pizzas we sampled (one a standard red sauce, sausage and mushroom; the other at Forrest's recommendation - and something I would have NEVER ordered - was AMAZING...prosciutto, figs,white pizza...insanely good) - the entire experience was PERFECT.This is a small neighborhood spot with an owner and a dedicated staff trying to make a go with great food and service to match.  This is the kind of place - and the kind of business owners - we want and need in our neighborhood!Go - and go again. This place is truly AWESOME.
5	Great hidden treasure.  Go there now, it wont be long before the entire valley finds out about this place.  I LOVE the essence of this place.  This is exactly what we need as a developing restaurant city.  Charming, high quality products and OWNER occupied (Refreshing).  From the moment you walk through the door, you know this place is different.  Rustic Charm.....  This owner backs it up with great personal service and a high quality pie.  NOTE TO OWNER - RAISE YOUR PRICES!!!  Yes, $12 was the most expensive on menu....  I thought it would 7 inches....  Great value but I felt guilty.  Try this spot out.  I hear they are opening for lunch in October!!!
5	Seasoned Phoenix/Scottsdale area diners know the usuals when it comes to great pizza: Bianco, Cibo, Pomo....Il Bosco deserves to join that list. They serve pizza cooked in a wood-burning oven. Each pie (only one size here) spends about 90 seconds to two minutes in the oven. The result is fantastic. What separates great pizza from good? The crust. And the crust at Il Bosco is the right combination of the three Cs: char, crisp and chew that you can only achieve with an extremely hot pizza oven. If you judge your pizza on the crust, first and foremost, as I do, you'll love this place.Of course, pizza is more than simply great crust. Pizza varieties, all named after women, should be enough to please everyone. Il Bosco offers a good variety of red and white pies. I didn't try any of the white pies yet, but they looked very good. I can heartily recommend the following red pies: Joanna, Elana and Lucia. Elana was my personal favorite, with mozzarella, olives and sopressata salami. Beverages are somewhat limited, but that doesn't mean you'll be disappointed. Bottles of wine are affordable. The Italian Pinot Noir was excellent at $25 for the bottle. They also have two types of beer on tap, Four Peaks Kilt Lifter and an Italian brand I cannot recall. Soft drinks include cane-sweetened colas and root beers.Dessert options were also limited, likely because the pizza is so good most don't have room for dessert. The creme brule was topped with fresh fruit (strawberries and blueberries). The flavor was quite good, but I felt like it should have had a thicker layer of burnt sugar.The size of the restaurant adds to its charm. By my approximation, it seats no more than two dozen diners at one time. Bill, the owner, was working with just two employees Saturday night. At times the action became frenetic, but they worked with a smile, and were never too busy to engage in conversation. Despite the fact that there were people waiting to be seated, we never felt rushed.Get here before the AZ Republic reviews this place. Because the line will be out the door once the word is out!
5	I think I may have discovered pizza nirvana. I am a firm believer that a restaurant should pick something- and do it well. Il Bosco embodies this philosophy completely. The place is small and cozy, with a warm, rustic environment. The menu is simple with very few options- which I appreciate. It's even written by hand by an Italian calligrapher (then copied, but still!) We were immediately served a small plate of olives upon being seated. I hate olives, but I appreciated the sentiment! I even worked up the nerve to try one, but it just confirmed that I do, in fact, still hate olives. The homemade bread and seasoned olive oil that followed was fantastic though.My beverage of choice was sparkling water, which even that is made in house! It was served in a pretty glass bottle, tastefully etched with their logo. It was a little spendy at $4, but it was nice to have the bottle at the table to refill my cup as needed. The drink really was the only thing that was a little high priced, the pizza and appetizers were VERY reasonable- low even.I opted for a plain cheese pizza with red sauce and basil. I had sort of high expectations after seeing that this place only had 5 star reviews, but even still I wasn't disappointed. I've had wood fired pizza at a number of places in Arizona, and this one really stands out to me. I think I could safely say that this is my favorite pizza in the valley. The crust is perfect. Not too fluffy, not too thin. Crispy parts, with doughy bubbles that are chewy in the center. The sauce was the perfect balance of savory and sweet, and I could taste a hint of red wine. The cheese was out of this world. I actually meant to ask the owner (who was waiting on us) about what made the cheese so fantastic. I will next time for sure. They knew my dessert weakness, and had creme brulee with berries on the menu. I couldn't resist. I went against the owner's recommendation of the Lemon dessert, and I'm glad I did. The creme brulee was amazing, and each berry on top was ripe and sweet.Seriously, I have no complaints about this place. It was a great date night dinner and I enjoyed my experience from start to finish. I can't wait to go back!
5	We were starving and wandering around Scottsdale Quarter, so we decided to pop into True Food to eat. In spite of there being lots of open tables, they said there would be an epic wait - or we could sit with some strangers or on a sofa outside. I didn't feel like doing either of those things, so we split and headed south. I used yelp to find the best place that was still open and on the way. Il Bosco showed up with the best overall score, and neither of us had eaten here so we decided to give it a shot. It's tucked away in a little nook next to Handlebar J's and looked cute and inviting. We wandered in and were seated right away. It's a cozy little place - clearly decorated with care and love.We both ordered water (sparkling and still) and they came in these fancy artisan bottles that were left at our table along with a pair of small glasses filled with ice. I like when restaurants do this. They also brought out a tiny strange plate with olives on it. Neither of us eat olives, so we sorta poked at them, puzzled over them and dared each other to eat one. The menu was elegant and beautiful - simple and hand written. We later got an explanation from the owner that he had a local artist make them by hand. Details details... this place is rich in details. The items on the menu were pretty much just salads and pizzas. Everything about this place says "fancy fine-dining" and if I hadn't looked at the prices I would've thought it was going to be too rich for my blood. As it turns out, the prices were VERY reasonable. The only thing I thought was a little pricey was the water - on any other night I would've ordered wine though, and the wine prices were appropriate. We ordered a pizza (half and half - something you can do as long as the sauces match) and a caesar salad. They brought some artisan bread with herb oil for us to snack on, and we made that disappear. The salad was split into two plates and we quickly ate that up as well - it wasn't drowning in dressing. It was an excellent presentation and a good salad. The pizza then arrived... it was about a 10-12" woodfired pizza. My half was pepperoni and sausage. Her half was just cheese. Each half had a name on the menu - girls names if I remember correctly. We each took a piece over to our plates and started digging in. Right off the bat, I noticed how rich and creamy the cheese was. The pepperoni was light and had a perfect amount of spice behind it. The sauce was flavorful. The most notable part was the crust though - light, crisp, airy, and delicate. We both cleaned our plates - the only things we left behind were the olives. We also ordered a dessert - creme brule - it was one of the best I've ever had. We were both full, but we didn't feel like we needed to be wheeled out to the car in a cart. It was the perfect amount of food. It was also pretty inexpensive for what you get. This is high quality fine dining with great atmosphere and attentive staff. This is a new date-night spot for me. It's also inexpensive enough to make it a regular spot.Had a chat with the owner who was waiting on us most of the night, and he seems like a great guy. We could tell that he loved his business. I like supporting local businesses, and this 5 star review is one of the most deserved that I've ever given.
5	I appreciate when I have been to a place and  they # 1 remember my name, #2 thank me for my business and #3 give me the same excellent product every single time I come in. As I told them, my daughter may rip into the box the second I picked her up, 30 minutes away and she did! I called her and said I had a surprise! She got in the car, saw a science experiment kit...long face.then her nose ever so slightly caught a quaffed of what? what? " Is that Il Bosco?!!!" in the highest pitch thrill. "Pull  over! Pull Over!!" I said, " Roll down your window" in my best Corleone voice,"Pizza Delivery is yours"..so as we sat along Osborn and devoured pizza, her inside, me out. A sense of complete sublime bliss was the picture I foretold. As I said before, I am not a pizza girl, but there is something about the encumbrance of Il Bosco pizza that I needed tonight. They had no idea that I would be sitting and watching and weeping to a cancer benefit on TV, because of family and friends and Taylor and Ronan. Yet I picked their pizza to comfort me. The Biaggati)?) Salty and Sweet and different  and wonderfully complex yet  simple in crust. l  know this was without doubt the exact comfort I needed and will yearn for  because of all of  the above mentioned reasons. It heats up perfectly at home, and although you may not have the same charm as being at Il Bosco in person, you have the same love ensconsed in their box of pizza pie.
5	Perfect ambiance. Friendly, personal service from owners and staff. And the food: the appetizers, salads, and pizzas are outstanding!! Their pizza would stack up to -- or best -- any of the admirable, better-known pizza purveyors in Greater Phoenix (a tall order, indeed)! And you can't beat the prices, which I found to be LOW, given the high quality of the product delivered.It is with great reticence that I post this review, as, selfishly, I would like to keep this place a secret. But, alas, the owners and their stellar establishment deserve the 5 stars, and the high accolade!!
5	Excellent experience and food.  A new favorite for our family.  We hate to share the news because we don't want to wait in line this spring.  Loved the herb garden outside, the friendly service and amazing food.  Nice simplified wine selection.  Ceasar salad, meatballs, bread, pizza's all top notch.  We will be visiting often!
5	I'd heard about Il Bosco from Yelp, was in the area, and thought I would try some of their pizza.  It is very small, with a small outside seating area.  The menu has pizza, salads, two appetizers, and two desserts.  They have a wood fired pizza oven, which gives their pizza the perfect crust. They do have beer and wine, although a limited selection.I ordered the Joanna Pizza - pepperoni, sausage, cheese and tomatoes, and had them add onions. It was delicious, one of the best pizza's I have tasted.I was going to give it a four star rating, but had several pieces left over, which I took home for breakfast the next day.  Wow!! It is the only pizza I have had that actually tasted better the day after!! That in and of itself, bumps them up to a five star rating.Another plus is their prices are very, very reasonable.  All in all, a great little restaurant.
5	If this place becomes too big of a deal and I have to start waiting a long time I'm going to...well, I'm going to not be happy.Tiny ceramic olive dishes! Calligraphy'd menus! A pizza oven that's RIGHT THERE! Dim lighting, a cute little (emphasis on "little") patio, perfect service and THE PIZZA. GAH.Never mind. I was going to elaborate on the pesto-ridiculousness I've experienced both times we came here, but I don't want to share. Forget you read this. Carry on.
5	Open for lunch!My first time here I want with a group of girls from the office.Upon walking in the place is super cozy and welcoming. The owner greeted us right away. He began telling us about the restaurant and gave us great suggestions about what to order. We had two pizzas and a sandwich to share. The steak sandwich was ridiculously good! The pizzas were just the right size for one person and the crust was awesome. The homemade olives are so good as well! They even have unique sodas in glass bottles.I am loving this place and the price for lunch is great too!You have to check out this hidden gem, but don't take my seat!
5	I am a Chicago born and raised pizza lover . I have had many Brick Oven pizza's. Found most to be ok. I am in the valley for several weeks.I decided to give II Bosco Pizza a try. It's location was easy to find and it is a small and inviting. I walked in and was greeted by the owner and I took a seat at the counter which gives you a great view of the Kitchen.I ordered a Caprese Salad and the Biaggia Pizza.  The Menu is small but easy to navigate. My server was friendly and from Chicago as well. The salad came and it was like no other caprese salad I have had including Italy. Fresh Mozzarella along with Barrata Mozzarella which has a creamy center topped with airloom tomatoes dizzled Balsamic and a light touch of pesto. it was served with olives cured in house with several slices of in house made bread. I watched my Pizza being made and it was timed perfectly to arrive just as I finished my salad. The Biaggia Pizza might sound odd but it will be the most AMAZING experience you will have in your pizza eating experience. The dough has a slight wheat taste that compliments the fig jam which is lightly spread on the dough, then goat cheese is added baked to perfection. the pizza is cut and topped with prosciutto slices  on each piece and topped with arugula and evo dizzled on top and some custom house mixture of grated cheese.  You must try this  6 Star Pizza Restaurant. You will not be disappointed by the Food, Service, and Price. It is a valley hidden treasure.
5	Recently moved from the East Coast. So glad Yelp introduced us to Il Bosco. I highly recommend the Biaggia pizza. It's amazing. Great food and great hospitality from this small little spot.
5	Eager staff, like they are on a mission to serve.Quiet and cozy place.  Not what you want for a first date if you need a little energy from the enviro.  Well-crafted za, and baked by a guy watching the flecks of dough cook to perfection.  Their idea of perfection looks a little dark, so you should like a slight charring.  The prosciutto ingredient is the real thing.  The crust is lean.  It seems like flour, water, yeast, salt - no or little shortening.  This is not the golden pie where your hand comes away greasy after grabbing a slice.Excellent salad - fresh romaine, good sharp cheese.  If you don't like a healthy dose of dressing ask for them to lighten up, but the caesar - it's tasty!Interesting selection of italian wines at $8-10 for a small-med pour.This is an artisan's pizza and deserves a try to round out the rich, cheesy pies that are found elsewhere.
5	AMAZING!  I was not expecting this quality of food or artisan style pizza from this little unassuming restaurant.  I have eaten here a few times now and I am always looking for the next opportunity to visit again.  Why, you ask? Because the food is Fu#*&% phenomenal!    In fact, it may be the best pizza I have ever had and gives Pizza Bianco a run for their money.  Actually, I enjoyed my meals here more than Pizza Bianco.  The service is great, the staff is warm and friendly (brought my young children and they were very accommodating, even helped them construct their own pizza boxes as a project).  The bread is dense, unique and delicious, it is actually the left over pizza dough that they bake right there in the wood oven in loafs...yum.  The salad I had was a nice interpretation of the classic caprese that they add some pesto over really fresh, sweet tomatoes paired with home made mozzarella and it was magical.  So, have a caprese salad, a Moretti and the Biaggia pizza (fig, goat cheese, prosciutto) mmmmm...  and the creme brulee ain't bad either.   You will not be disappointed, unless you are always disappointed and then stay home and leave these great places for the rest of us.
2	I was so disappointed. After drooling over these pictures and rave reviews for weeks  I finally drove the ten miles to get my fantasy pizza. Imagine my surprise when they handed me this tiny box weighing almost nothing. I actually asked the waitress if she gave me the right order. Funny, she asked me where i'd heard about the place and I told her the internet, she said "Yawp (sic) ?..yeah most of those are family or friends, we got 5 stars or somethin'." That explains ALOT!Gee, good thing me and my husband weren't really hungry, twenty bucks for a snack? Not bad quality but tiny quantity for price. Sauce is kinda raw, undertaste of wine and exactly two nickel sized slivers of  garlic sausage per slice. Cheese is good quality. I see why the place was empty at 7pm on a Saturday. If your single or on a date and don't mind high prices go for it.
5	I'm a huge fan of rustic, delicious pizza and Il Bosco is "winning"!  In the same style as Pizzaria Bianco and Pizza-a-Metro, this place is small, intimate and does pizza the best way. Totally worth the visit.
5	Small and un-assuming.  The pizza is excellent if you like real Italian thin crust done in a real wood burning oven.  Slightly burnt crust, fluffy edge and chewy. Service is prompt and friendly. My wife and I shared one salad, which we thought was little small, however the lettuce was cold and didn't come out of a bag like many restaurants. They make their own sparkling water which came in a very cold bottle - a nice touch.  Wine selection is small, but reasonably priced. The patio is small, so get there early if you want to sit outside.  We will definitely go back!
5	The best hidden gem in Arizona. This place doesn't just have the atmosphere that you want for a nice lunch, or romantic dinner, it has the artisan hands-on quality you would expect from the best pizze in Italy.  They give you a plate of in-house marinated kalamata olives that are just to die for. I could eat just the olives all day. They also give you fresh baked bread with the best olive oil you've ever had. At this point in the meal, I was already thinking about my next trip back. Both the antipasti, packed with flavor and excitement. The meatballs, in an excellent marinara, just perfectly cooked and seasoned. Roasted veggies with burrata, equally as great. The burrata was fresh, light, creamy, and tart; paired perfect with roasted beets. We also tried the special, peppadew peppers stuffed with Italian sausage; one bite of intense flavors perfectly combined. I'd try any special they offered, and I will for future visits.The wood fired pizze? Amazing, to say the least. We had the Elana, sopressata, olives, amazing tomato sauce, and fresh hand formed mozzarella. I will be back to try every single one on the menu. I have nothing bad to say about this place what so ever. The owner, who served us, is friendly and very accommodating. They have something very special going on here. They have made a regular out of me.Update: Went back again today, yes two days later. This is the kind of place where you find yourself saying, "Yeah maybe I don't like anti-pasti because I've had it before and it wasn't very good", but you order it here, and it becomes the best thing you have ever had. I suggest, if it's something you wouldn't normally order, order it here, because it may just become the best thing you've ever had.
5	Went here the other day for lunch and it was excellent. Both I and my friend had different pizzas at lunch and we were both very impressed. I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu. The service was very good as well.The only negative to the place is the seating is very cramped and it's pretty small in general. Not a huge fan of almost knocking elbows with the people at the tables next to me.  The food and service are outstanding and make up for it however.
5	On a recent visit to Phoenix we were headed down Scottsdale Road looking for a place to eat. We decided on Il Bosco. Fellow Yelpers never let me down and they were giving this place 5 stars so I decided we needed to try it ourselves. We were greeted by Bill, (golf professional) and now owner of Il Bosco. Inside the restaurant is tiny but charming. The menu includes starters, salads and pizza but before ordering check out the "special board" that hangs from the ceiling. We finally decided on the Biagga. It came topped with prosciutto, fig jam and goat cheese. It was incredibly tasty and the perfect combination of ingredients. What makes this place special is the personal touch of the staff and the quality of the food. They are there to make sure you have a good experience. After only one visit I'm hooked! Some of the best brick oven pizza I've had and I can't wait to go back!
5	Found this place on yelp and was amazed by all the five star reviews. Finally went in last week with the wife and sat at the bar. Food was great. We had the two pizzas. One was the fig and arugula and one was red sauce with pancetta. Both were great. I'm picky about pizza crust and this place nails it.The owner seemed super nice added to a great experience. Looking forward to going back to try other pizzas!
5	YUMMY! I got the capesa panini. Everyone needs to know about this place!!!
5	I love this place. Starting with the ambiance, which is small, dark, cozy, and Italian, I was impressed. We came on a cool rainy night and sat at the bar, right in front of the wood-fired oven, and the owner made friendly conversation with us the whole time.We split the Biaggia (prosciutto, goat cheese, fig spread, EVOO) and the Dona (mozzarella, pancetta, roma tomatoes, parmesan, and tomato sauce). The crust was perfectly chewy and had a slightly sweet flavor, which I love. The toppings were fresh and high-quality. I just wish we had more room, because we also really wanted to order the egg and pancetta pizza. Next time... and there will be a next time!!!
3	Well, we were swayed by the reviews and good press, so we went.  Not overly impressed, but I guess it is in what one is looking for.  This place has one size pizza, 11 inch, and a pizza variety limited to eight or so.  None are standard Italian fare.  Salads are limited to two pretty ordinary selections.  Our pizza was VERY salty, with a remarkable blandness.  My wife, who has a very limited capacity for pizza was still hungry after we split a salad and a pizza.  Also, beware ordering the $3 bottle of water.  It is very large but non-branded.  Folks who like this type of pizza are those taken with botique kinds of food given a liking for something non-traditional.   Pizza Bianco folks would be happy with this as would Barrio Mexican food fans.  For us, these offerings were lacking in flavor, spice and quantity.  I'm sure the quality of ingredients is good as the proprietor seems to take great care with his product.  However, in the final analysis, we cannot agree with any 5 star rating.PS.  The owner responded to my comments saying he was happy to be compared to Pizza Bianco and Barrio.  I wasn't suggesting those spots were bad.  However, what they offer is  "Foofey Food."   If that is the kind of fare one likes, so be it.  For those looking for something more substantial, "Foofey Food" doesn't do the trick.
5	We love wood fired pizza restaurants and this one was quaint.  The owner and staff were great. We were asking the owner a ton of questions about the place, food, etc and he was very generous with his time. The pizzas were really good, sausage good, cheese was yummy. The bread, also made from the pizza dough was nice and crusty with a chewy center. The caprese salad was grape tomatoes with fresh mozzarella and a nice surprise, burrata. Very fresh and good.  He grows his own herbs too.  This is a must try!
5	Yup. It's all true. Great food, super charming place, very intimate. We sat outside on the patio under a heat lamp. Enjoyed the olives as a starter, as well as some fried raviolis (yes, please) and a caprese salad app.  Outstanding artisan pizza, with as good a crust as I've ever had, and homemade mozzarella. Wine was just ok, but very reasonable. Server was attentive, helpful and friendly. Owner came by a couple times to check in on us and was absolutely delightful. Deduct a point for the proximity to the Handlebar J Saloon and the faux-cowboys arriving in limos with 10-gallon hats. Then add a point back for the near-fight we got to watch between a biker and the faux-cowboy who almost hit him with his Cadillac.We'll be back, and with more friends.
5	The food is EXCELLENT!  We have been 5 times now, and everything we have had has been delicious!  We will continue to dine w Bill and IL Bosco!  The Caprese is AWESOME!
5	As close as it gets to a real Italian pizza here in Phoenix. I am an Italian and I have only been here for a few years, and let me tell you, it is refreshing to finally get a taste of home. The crust is just the consistency that it should be. It's not an American pizza, it's much lighter and not as greasy. I will most definitely return on a regular basis.
5	Just left. I wanted to eat another pizza it was that good.  The Biagga was fantastic. Probably the best prosciutto style pizza I've ever had.  Owner and staff were very friendly.   I will be back again.
5	It is not often that you run across a hidden gem such as this during the weekly business travels.  Today I did just that.  I stumbled into Il Bosco Pizza in Scottsdale, AZ.  I was greeted at the door by the owner/ Bill Forrest.  I received nothing but wonderful hospitality throughout my dining experience from both Bill and Barbara as well as some entertaining dialog with the kitchen team (a penquin tattoo, really?).The wine list was well thought out with very reasonable by the glass and bottle prices.  The menu selection was focused.  By that I mean, it stayed true to what they do and they do it well.  Too often you find the restaurant that wants to be everything to everybody.  Not here.  They do pizza very well.  I have traveled to Italy many times in my career and this place nails it.  Great dough coupled with the finest of ingredients, prepared in a minimalist style that lets the food do the talking.  I am truly impressed.  I will be back often.  I hope for Bill and Barbara that this is a hit but deep down I love the hidden gem.  If you are a foodie and love food without pretense, you will love Il Bosco.  This is a foodie find.  I am a chef and I absolutely love this place.  You will not be disappointed.  Cheers,
5	OMG! Pizza heaven. I just had my first pizza here and it has jumped to the top of my list. Similar style to Pomo or Bianco but something about this one....crust was just perfect. Toppings not overly done so you can taste each ingredient. Friendly staff and a nice , cozy setting. Will be back soon! Joanna , I love you .....
5	Love this place! Amazing wood fired pizza at an affordable price. We've eaten in the restaurant 4-times and have always had great service. We also order out and they wait for you to get there to fire up the pizzas. It's a must try!!
5	First time to Il Bosco and I was not disappointed. We shared a Calabrese salad and the pizza special. It was a perfect amount of food for two and delicious. The timing of delivering the pizza to our table was great as was the consistency - no soggy middle like you get other places. The proprietor was friendly and helped us make good choices. The spot is cozy and their brick oven catering looks phenomenal.
5	Great place. Pizza and dessert were both amazing.  The atmosphere and staff were very homey and inviting. We will be going back.
5	Mouthwatering cuisine really can come in a small package and Il Bosco is here to prove that size definitely does not matter! I met the lovely Anna M for lunch recently and much to my delight, she introduced me to Il Bosco. Hidden down an alley on the north west corner of Shea and Scottsdale Road, Il Bosco is a humble abode filled with a whole lot of flavor. The restaurant itself is tiny and probably only hold around 50-60 people. Upon walking in, I was immediately greeted by the scent of pizza baking in the wood fired oven and a feeling of hominess with dark wood and brick paneling and close seating. You know those restaurants where they offer you an "eating in the kitchen" experience and make you make a reservation months in advance for the chance to "dine with the chef" Well here, you get to do so every time you visit because the open kitchen is just steps away from the seating. Therefore you get to see the pizza being created from scratch and here's the best part of the entire experience...the pizza cooks in 90 seconds! Yes 90 seconds! I ordered the Biaggia which comes with prosciutto, figs, four cheeses, arugala and evo. The lunch pizzas are personal pizzas so Anna ordered the Lucia which comes with cheese, tomato sauce, sausage and mushrooms. I could smell the pizza being made and I started to drool with anticipation. Finally a whole 90 seconds later, poof! The pizza appeared and I took my first heavenly bite which turned into many more heavenly bites. This pizza is some of the best pizza I've ever had and I have had my fair share of pizza! The crust is a combination of crunchy and chewy and it's seasoned to perfection. The toppings are a perfect combination of sweet and savory and compliment the crust perfectly. I must say that the Biaggia was by far the most superb pizza I've had in quite some time. The Lucia was also extremely good but the Biaggia stole poor Lucia's thunder. It was a delicious lunch and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. It's one of the best kept secrets around but I don't think it should be a secret. Everyone should experience this pizza! I will leave you with one more little fun fact. They have a portable wood fired oven that they use for catering! It's amazing and would be great for a party. I also noticed that they have a walk-up window where you can order take-out.
5	Awesome wood fired pizza!  My husband and I just happened to drive by and decided to try Il Bosco and are so glad we did!  We shared a Caprese salad and a pizza and it was PLENTY for the two of us.  The Caprese was seriously the best I have had.  It had house made mozzarella and was drizzled with yummy balsamic glaze, olive oil, and a pesto sauce.  We got the Elana pizza - salami and Gaeta olives.  SO good!  We are so happy to have found such a gem so close to our home!
5	Friendly staff.  Great casual yet intimate atmosphere. Get there early! It's a small place and fills up fast.  Very accommodating to get you a table as soon as possible.  So great to find a Super T glass of wine.  Love the house made sparkling water.  Meatballs were flavorful and hearty.  Pizza had yummy fresh ingredients and sauce was perfect.  Next time I'm getting dessert!
5	Best pizza in town! warm, friendly atmosphere! Always new specials that are creative and delicious. We love it so much we hired il Bosco to cater our wedding of 200!
5	SIRI found Il Bosco for us last summer when we asked for pizza on our way home from Kierland.  There are many good pizza spots near our home, but we are always hoping for something more artisanal.  This small, almost hidden wood-fired  pizzaria was the find of the year for us.  We have brought family and friends many times and have never been disappointed.When our company needed to find a caterer for a two hour event for 100 guests at the Phoenix Children's Museum I did not immediately think of Il Bosco.  The event was to be akin to a happy hour with wine/beer/soda/appetizers.  I really didn't want anything to do with the planning or execution of the event - I am not good at such things and I don't enjoy the process.  It wasn't until after seeing quite a few other options that I raised my voice.  The Phoenix Children's Museum is a wonderfully playful and unique setting and I felt we needed a more comfort oriented option.I remembered the pizza oven on wheels that sits in front of Il Bosco and asked my assistant to call the restaurant to see if Il Bosco offered event catering.We promptly received a catering menu with set prices based on number of guests.  We liked what we saw immediately.  A few days later, I met the planning team at the restaurant for lunch where we were offered samples of 5 or 6 pizzas that could be made on-site at our event.  It was a hit.  We selected a salad option, drinks and desserts.We received a VERY reasonable quote via email immediately.  Bill Forrest, the owner, went personally to the museum to meet with our team and museum staff to coordinate the set up and execution.  Bill offered suggestions without being intrusive and in every way demonstrated a willingness to "make it work."The event came off without a hitch.  The food flowed at a perfect pace - it takes just a minute or two to cook a pizza in that 800 degree oven.  Pizzas were consistently hot and in keeping with demand.  The salad and desserts were top notch.  Everything was perfect.  The sight of a wood-fired pizza oven at the event raised a few eyebrows and added to the anticipation of the evening.The absolute crowning contribution of Il Bosco to the evening was their having the forethought to bring pizza boxes and offering our guests fresh pizzas to take home.  It was a very nice and unusual courtesy as many of our guests had children at home.Il Bosco made us look good.  Our choice of a wood-fired pizza caterer made our event stand out.  Their professional appearance and behavior were exactly what we would have expected.  Il Bosco shines not only as a restaurant, but as a caterer.  Most highly recommended.
5	I wandered in here last week, late on a Friday evening, and found the place almost deserted.  Bill greeted me at the door, I asked if I could have a meal, and he sat me down at the bar.  Almost immediately I was impressed by the hospitality.I looked at the menu, which is just a sheet of paper with drinks on one side, and pizzas, salads, desserts, and antipasti on the other, and found it promising.  Why?  Not because it was extensive, but rather because it was limited.  I like a place that just does a couple of things, and does those things well.  Each day there is a different pizza of the day, salad of the day, and I think antipasti of the day.My first visit, I went with a split pizza--half Maria (pesto, garlic, and tomato) and half Biaggia (prosciutto, goat cheese, fig, maybe something else)--along with a Boylan's root beer.  The root beer turned out to actually be a Boylan's Creamy Red Birch Beer (Bill said he promises his customers this is the best root beer they'll ever have.  It's partially true, in that it's better than many root beers, but it's technically not a root beer. Get it anyways.), which was actually a nice surprise. (Boylan's Birch Beer would be even better...)I liked the Maria, but I LOVED the Biaggia.  This was a very good pie, and based on the other reviews here, it possibly could be considered their signature pie.On my second visit, a week later, I had the Dona, a red pizza with tomatoes and pancetta.  The pancetta was nice and crispy, and of course, delicious.They also serve you olives while you wait; these were some of the best olives I've had.  I couldn't stop eating them.  They actually tasted fresh (well...as fresh as an olive can get, considering you have to basically wipe out their original bitter flavor when you cure them).The best part about this restaurant is that it has the feel of a small neighborhood restaurant.  It gets busy during the dinner rush, but if you come a little later, it'll be more relaxed, and you can actually strike up a conversation with the staff.  Good pie, excellent establishment.
5	Excellent.  Get the borrata appetizer.  I've had it at a few places here since moving from San Francisco but nothing seemed to compare to SF.  They nailed it!  Pizza was very tasty and the place has a great feel to it.  Great for a date.  A little challenging if you have kids.  It's small and tables are close together.  Might be able to sit on the patio if you have a few little ones.
5	We were on a mission, not one of pizza in general, we just didn't want to go home. So we roamed the streets of the North/Central Valley.  It started with a late breakfast with drinks which kept taking us North and then East, eventually arriving at Il Bosco.   We were the only patrons in there at the time the staff was hustling and bustling.  Come to find out they had a large catering event that evening (love their portable wood fired pizza oven)  and they had also started the preparation of a Superbowl party they were catering on Sunday.  Even with all the Prep going on  Bill greeted us upon entering.  My accomplice (Anna M) had been telling me about this place and we finally stopped in.  Each of us decided on the house Pino Grigio and we decided to split the Biaggia.  I came to this decision with some reluctance, I love fresh figs and find that dried figs can be overly dry and strange when sliced on a pizza or bruschetta  and when it is more of a jam it is often too sweet or applied in a quantity that overwhelms the palate.  Appropriate in their place but often not done well figs can be hit or miss.   I was reassured by both Bill and Anna that all would be ok.   It wasn't long before the pizza was before us.  This was the perfect personal sized lunch pizza (just smaller than the pizza's at Bianco's) . Fresh arugula,  Prosciutto, 4 cheese, evoo  and fig; each cheese was identifiable but none was over powering.  The salinity  of the cheeses and prosciutto really lent themselves amazingly to the lightly sweet caramel earthiness that was the fig component of the pizza.  A perfectly measured drizzle of fig puree, intermingled with extra virgin olive oil and the green peppery nature of arugula... I was sold on the Biaggia.  But what really made me think perfection was the crust.  Having just eaten at Bianco's earlier in the week the essence of their crust was still fresh in my mind as I compared  flavors and textures.  Il Bosco totally wins, tender chewy and crispy, light and slightly sweet not overly toasty or "burnt".  The bottom of the crust was cooked at a heat high enough to give the pizza a sturdy base without altering the tenderness of the crust.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any better I was introduced to the house cured olives.  These were heavenly, ripe, flavorful, gently cured and far from the salty, brine-y  commercially available olives commonly offered up at other establishments.   I noticed they sell them by the jar and I regret not picking up a jar before I left, as I find myself  daydreaming about these rich dusky pearls.   Oh well it is not like I needed an excuse to go back but this will give me a reason to go back sooner than expected.
4	The pizza is cheap (price) for the quality given. I've had 3 pizzas from here and they were all fairly decent, but their Biaggia pizza is the best by far. The prosciutto layer covering the entire top of it would cost a quarter of the price they ask for it, and the flavors go amazingly well together. The light sweetness of the figs balances the saltiness of the prosciutto, and the olive oil, parmesan, and arugula finish the visual appeal and further melds the flavors together. Incredibly savory all together. Unfortunately, I couldn't really taste any of the goat cheese, and the prosciutto make the pizza difficult to eat without a sharp pair of teeth. The only cons are $3 for a bottle of water (premium filtered) with no option for free tap water . The lower than expected cost of the pizza evens it out though. That and I ever got to try their bread, don't know why some people got it and I didn't, but maybe it's because we didn't order an appetizer? (confirmed with the owner, the bread is complimentary but is usually served with a starter because they don't think serving bread with more bread (the pizza) really makes sense) The free olives were nice and tasty.
5	This is some seriously good pizza!  We read the reviews on Yelp, and gave it a shot last night.  We called in our order, and the staff was very friendly on the phone, and explained that they would not put the pizzas in the oven until we got their, so that they would be fresh and hot for us to eat.  We got the Dona and the Biaggia.  I was worried that they would be tiny after some of the reviews, but they were both a decent size and bursting with flavor.  I was a little reluctant to try fig on a pizza, but the previous reviews told me I had to.  It's a winner!  If you have not gone here yet, give it a shot.  Very excellent pizza for not a lot of dough!
1	The pizza may be good; however, we didn't get that far!  Atmosphere might be like eating in a morgue - owner is rude and a terrible host!  We walked out and will NEVER return.  On to POMO - OUR FAVORITE!
5	Caesar salad, delicious. Adrianna pizza, delicious. Creme brulee w/ fruit, delicious. Amazing customer service.
5	Awesome restaurant! The pizza is so delicious and the service was fabulous! Judith was such a fun waitress and Bill (the owner) was very attentive and extremely friendly. Would go back in a flash.
5	I went into Il Bosco for lunch and found that my party was the only group in the restaurant (okay, we were getting lunch at like 3 pm, which I guess is weird). This actually turned into a charming experience. We talked to the owner for a while and he told us the story of how he got his start. He served us himself, and the food was fantastic! Super fresh, and we got to watch them make our pizza in the brick oven! We ordered the Biaggia pizza off the lunch menu, and it was topped with figs, prosciutto, cheese and arugula. Totally excellent combo! The Bistecca sandwich, with steak and mushrooms, was also good. Menu items were simple but fresh and clearly from high quality ingredients. I loved talking to the owner as well, it seems like this whole place was made with love!
5	Just had our first pizzas from Bosco. Great pies, great flavor. Nice people too. Only dissapointment was the Ceaser salad. Overpriced for a simple small dinner salad.
5	Phenomenal pizza, quaint atmosphere, fresh ingredients. There was 2 of us, we ordered the Lucia and the Dona and inhaled both of them ! I'm from Chicago, and I have finally found pizza that can be called pizza !! Delicious crust, very friendly staff, excellent service, and tasty complimentary olives while you wait for your pizza .... can't wait to go back !!
5	Great dinner!! 15 years in the f&b business and this will be my most favorite spot going forward. Everything from the house brined olives to the amazing pizzas. Everything has the authentic touch were missing in Scottsdale. We will be back so often
5	We love everything about il bosco..the food is first rate, and delicious . Not too pricey. The owner is terrific..friendly and accommodating. Our go to pizza choice!
5	This place is great.  They have the best pizza in AZ
5	I found Il Bosco on Yelp and came because it had so many 5 star ratings. It's for good reason this little hole in the wall has garnered such positive remarks.First thing: it's tough to find, but don't give up. The restaurant can be found behind their portable wood fire pizza oven. Once inside, wave to the owner. He's wearing a white chef coat and has grey hair. Even if you don't wave, count on a table side visit. Second: he's a former golf pro who tired of traveling and thought opening a restaurant would be fun. Third: get the homemade meatballs to start. Delicious and served on a plate of homemade tomato sauce that's also delicious.Fourth: order the Joanna or Biaggia. Every pie comes in just one size. The Joanna has hot Italian sausage that's home made. The Biaggia is the PERFECT combination of sweet and savory. Yes, it has figs in it and yes, they are delicious. Fifth: be prepared to come home with money in your pocket because Il Bosco is very affordable.I brought two buddies from SoCal and all agreed we would return. Lots of people talk about Pizzaria Bianco, and for good reason. Il Bosco is right there in terms of food quality but you don't have to wait four hours. It's the PERFECT local Pizzaria.
3	Look, I understand people dillude themselves into thinking a restaurant that's contrarian and hip has food that magically tastes better. And don't get me wrong, the pizza here was good. But not great. The place is a dive, which is usually find, but the place smelled like bug spray. The server (I think owner, too) was nice, but not overly friendly. The food was certainly fast, and the bread was good. Overall, the place is fine. But it's getting great reviews simply because it's counter-culture and organic.
5	Needed to find a new lunch place in Scottsdale so I searched YELP..found this one and we tried it.. Very charming little spot. We ate outside and that was absolutely pleasant! Asked what to have and we were recommended to have the Biaggia. (Fig, prosciutto, arugula oh my..!) it was perfectly devine. Prices were perfect for the individual sized wood fired pizza. Def going to go again! We have been looking for a good wood fired pizza with similarities to the el Vicino Pizzas(CO) styles. yaaaa :)
2	I'm seriously wondering about all of the "5 star" rave reviews here. I went to il bosco last weekend with a couple of friends.  We sat at the bar right in front of the pizza oven.  The first thing I noticed was a giant bag of pre-shredded mozzarella cheese sitting on the counter. For an authentic Neopolitan-style brick oven pizza place that is unacceptable. As expected the pizza tasted like it was made with processed cheese.   The sauce and mozzarella just melted into a big gooey mess in the center and the crust was pretty dry and flavorless.  This pizza is average at best. I was really disappointed in this place, especially after some reviewers compared it to Bianco's, Cibo and Pomo.  Hate to say it, but il bosco isn't close to being in the same league as those places.  If I didn't know better I would suspect most of these reviews are the usual friends and family pump-up.
5	Have loved this restaurant since the first time I ever ate here. I own a salon in the area and can say that Il Bosco is responsible for feeding us multiple days out of the week. Love the changing specials and charm of the quaint atmosphere. Staff is friendly and accommodating, but not overly intrusive. Love the caprese panini and the biaggo pizza! All the food is extremely fresh and always tasty.
5	We were welcomed by Bill the moment we walked into this cute pizzeria. The caprese  salad was outstanding as were the meatballs. I had the prosciutto, fig, and goat cheese pizza. Amazing. Give this place a try. You will be happy you did.
5	Wonderful wood fired pizza. The Cremini mushrooms are wonderful on the sausage pizza. This little hole in the wall pizza joint is worth searching for, just east of Handlebar J's.  They even have a portable wood fire pizza oven for catering.
5	We genuinely enjoyed our evening at Il Bosco, a tucked-away restaurant just off Shea and Scottsdale. The owner and staff were super friendly, the ambiance was what a good neighborhood restaurant should be (though so many aren't) and, of course, the food was great! We began with an appetizer plate of roasted brussel sprouts with mozzarella, an unexpected combination that really works! We then had the Joanna pizza, a fantastic, wood-oven, thin-crust sausage and pepperoni that had great flavor and crust. For dessert, the days special was a lemon sorbetto, packed into a real lemon, a perfect ending. I should also mention the great music selection which added quite a bit to the flavor of the evening. I'm already looking forward to the next visit!
5	Excellent pizza, service and reasonably priced. We will be back again to this hidden gem. We found it quite by accident and I am glad we did. Just the smell of the wood fired oven was worth the trip. Watch out for the serrano peppers growing outside, they have a bite!
3	I came here on a double date with the Tasia, her brother and his wife. That in itself made the night a blast because to be very blunt and straight forward, her brother and I are hilarious and we make every occasion fun. So, if you need to liven up a party, give me a call, we will jump in his truck and rock your worldNow for the pizza. We came for the pizza, and we loved it. The pizza was delicious. We got 3 different pies ( 2 biaggias). We loved the pie biaggia, that was every ones favorite. We also had the Joanna and Lucia. I loved them all - they were delicious. Why 3 stars:1) We waited like 15 minutes for everyone to get a water. They ran out of glasses...This was ridiculous, and we got refiled about once in the hour and a half we were there2) we were sitting outside, and the heat lamp was broken...tough to enjoy the meal when your shivering - This was in February, so hopefully some of the kinks have been worked out.3) the meatball appetizer was subpar. Small portions, 3 tiny meatballs, and they were nothing to write home about4) I like that they have boylan soda brands, but seriously, I would rather have refills on ice tea and a soda on tap then spend 2.75 for like a sip of cokeI will def come back here for the pizza. It is awesome, but I will bring a bottle of water with me
4	I love wood fire & brick oven pizza. So, found this tiny (and mean TINY) restaurant  by accident after ditching Jack N the Box. Its tucked behind fast food, big name franchises on the North/East corner of Scottsdale & Shea and is a nice little gem. Besides how small the place is, the first thing you notice is the menu is very small (dinner menu is a little bigger), so me and my friend picked different things and shared. We got a personal pizza and a meatball sandwich. The sandwich was good, but not spectacular, but the pizza is awesome! I went back again for dinner and again the pizza was terrific, as was the salad; delicious. We asked them to do a half and half and they said no problem which is great; I hate when places won't compromise for make you feel guilty for changing their stuff. I loved it and my girlfriend loved it. Also something fun is their soda is not fountain drinks, but bottled real-sugar cane sodas that are delicious.The only strange thing I have to say is the owner doubles as the server and he is very chatty. That's not a bad thing; he is a very nice guy but be prepared to have a conversation with the guy.Recommend for a casual lunch and dinner for gourmet pizza & salad.Pros: Amazing pizza, great food, great service and inviting setting.Cons: Very small menu; caters more toward veggie eaters rather than meaty pizzas.
5	Very cute (small) neighborhood restaurant. Amazing specials in addition to the already amazing menu. Pizza is to die for.  They had a special pizza that was a white pizza, which usually I wouldn't order but this one had bacon and an egg on top. AMAZING! Toasted ravioli appetizer was also amazing. Friendly staff and very fast service. Great place to take out pizza as well. I will be back!
5	Okay, I'm from NY.  This place is mere blocks from my house, and I've never been there before.  That will shortly be rectified.  Simply put, the best pizza I've had in Scottsdale.  Or in Phoenix.  Or in Arizona.  Hell, the best I've had west of the Poconos (I'd say west of the Hudson River, but there are some REALLY good pizza joints in Jersey).  Can't wait to try their Pananis.  I just keep saying to myself WHY haven't I known of this place before.   All that lost time.  Sigh.
5	I work in this area and have visited most of the local restaurants in the past few years. Came in at 2pm for a late lunch on a Friday and ordered the Lucia (sausage and mushrooms). Once the pizza is prepared, it takes 90 seconds to cook in the 700 degree pizza oven. For me, the amount of pizza was perfect. Great flavors, cheese, and sausage. I was also served a small dish of olives which they brine themselves...tasty. To drink I had a red birch beer...very tasty too. The pizza was $7 and a couple of bucks for the birch beer. Very reasonable for lunch in this area. I'll be back.;)
5	Been here a couple dozen times now. Consistently excellent pizza, apps, salads, service. A neighborhood gem worth traveling to from other neighborhoods.Some of the pizzas are great renditions of old classics, and some are creative new combinations: the "Mia" pizza, for instance, blends multiple cheeses, crispy pancetta, and a fried egg in the middle for a truly tasty treat! If you like "salty", try the "Elana" pizza, made with olives and soppressata salami.
5	The owner is sooo nice and friendly! He makes you feel welcomed! While the restaurant is small, the food is INCREDIBLE! When I close my eyes and take a bite of the pizza, I feel like I am in Italy! Even charging for the bread reminds me of Italy and for this place, I am OK with that,
5	Wow, this place is so cute and on top of that, it is delicious.  My hubby told me about this place almost a year ago and he was raving about the pizza.  Then, I have seen all the check- ins from Anna M., so I kept trying to make time to come and check it out myself.  I wish I had come sooner, although my hips and thighs might not appreciate that.  We ordered the Biaggia pizza.  I learned it is the most popular, I chose it mainly because I saw figs and prosciutto on it, two of my favorite ingredients.  Then we noticed the next table having a salad I didn't see on the menu.  Well, duh, it was in the specials.  They have daily specials on boards above the bar area.  We decided to share the spinach and kale caesar.  It was so fresh and tasty.  Then on the other table, I saw a dessert that was not on the menu either.  The owner told us it was an apple pizza, part of the special menu also.  Yes, I love to check out what everyone else is eating.  Our dessert was warm and amazing, and the scoop of vanilla  ice cream completed this perfect meal.  We were offered a taste of their homemade Amaretto.  What a treat, it was delicious.  This place made me very reminiscent of my daddy, we used to cook all our italian dishes on Sundays and my daddy used to make his own Lemoncello.  I definitely will come back and I won't wait almost a year to make it.
5	Went to Il Bosco last night for the first time and was not disappointed!  The Joanna pizza was delicious.  Can't wait to go back and try the other pizzas :)
5	Great place for great pizza done right. The owner is always on site and the service is spot on.
5	I just found this review saved as a draft from my trip to Scottsdale in March. I still feel just as strongly about it today...I can honestly say that my meal at il bosco tonight was one of the best overall meals I've ever had. I can not think of a single thing I would change about this place, aside from putting it in my neighborhood at home in Denver. From the stellar service to absolutely delicious food to comfortable ambience they have truly done everything right. Trust me when I say that the reviews do not lie.
5	This is a tiny place that does an excellent job with Pizza.  The owner is friendly and involved with greeting and making sure that you are enjoying your meal and your time in the restaurant.  My wife split the roasted vegetables and a Caesar salad.  The vegetables were terrific, the salad was the only miss of the night.  We were expecting more and will skip it next time.  There will definitely be a next time as the pizza was terrific, great crust and flavorful.  Near Scottsdale Rd and Shea, find your way to this place.
4	Purchased 2 sausage and pepperoni pizzas to go.  They were excellent.  I also ordered a Caesars salad.  I specifically asked to make sure the romaine was cold. (NOT).Thats why only 4 stars.  I liked the Moretti beer, nice and cold.  The restaurant looks run down for Scottsdale. It would do better with major  updates. The web site needs to look more professional it kind of replicates the restaurant
5	We ordered take-out from Il Bosco last night and was extremely pleased with the food but also the service. I wasn't expecting much since it was almost closing time and from my experience with other places is that the employees usually want to get out of there so theres attitude or a sense of being rushed to get me out the door, but when I arrived to pick up my order, the owned greeted me with such a cool calm and collected demeanor which  was such a pleasure, he even helped me carry my food and walked me out to my car. The place itself had a great atmosphere, I can see myself and my husband coming back to eat in next time! I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family!
5	Food was great, prices were incredibly reasonable for the quality of the food,  the best caprese salad appetizer you will ever have , pizza was cooked to perfection with layers of flavors and textures, get the goat cheese and Fig house specialty, you won't regret it ! Dont forgot to enjoy the home made amaretto to finish off a special meal. Enjoy Italy for one night in Scottsdale. Cheers.
5	Just awesome. Had the Biaagia and I was blown away by it's flavor and how crunch, yet chewy the pie crust was. They don't get cheap with their ingredients and offer the toppings generously. Nice fresh meat and vegetables.  Friendly staff, every time I come here.  Try the Caprese. It's incredibly fresh and delicious.
5	Great food, check. Convenient location, check. Friendly local owner, check.I had been referred to Il Bosco by a fellow yelper some weeks back... And finally decided to venture out for a casual lunch. So happy that I did. The pizza here is wonderful-fresh ingredients in yummy combinations, straight from a woodfire oven. I tried two different pies, the Caprese salad and their creme brule.  All were well made and the service speedy and friendly.  The store front can be hard to spot (blink and you might miss it), but I actually like the "hole in the wall" feeling of a smaller local business. Take the time to seek this gem out!
4	Very good pizza and a very good atmosphere. The prices were pretty average as well. I look forward to coming back here!
5	The place is cozy and the owner is typically the server which is great.  Loved the varieties of pizza, amazing flavor from someone who knows how to make a great pie.
4	Your standard Neapolitan pizza set up that gets a couple of bonus points for its mobility and flair for getting creative with their pies.
5	Best wood burning gourmet pizza ever!!!  We loved it and our kids loved it!  Fresh ingredient and the crust is cooked to perfection, not too thin and too deep.  We spoke to the chef and he is super nice and friendly and it was really quick!  Love the little restaurant but it is small and it gets packed during dinner time.  Lunch was great and their lunch prices can't be beat!
4	I searched on Yelp for "best pizza in Scottsdale", and this came up #1.  I thought it was great.  The service was wonderful.  The pizza was great, probably thanks to the wood oven.
4	Since I'm on a never-ending quest for the best pizza with figs on it in the world (life's too short for quests of any actual importance), I had to check out the Biaggia, made with goat cheese, fig, arugula and proscuitto. It put forth a decent effort, but needed more fig and goat cheese. However, the crust was dreamy and the service was friendly, which sort of compensated for a few extra dollops of flavor-balancing pizza toppings. Il Bosco also offers small, tasty desserts, topped with Sweet Republic ice cream. Double local business points for ordering one of those after (get the brownie, warm.)The bill came out 50 bucks for two pizzas and three desserts, which I'd consider a good deal for ze quality. The crust is truly awesome, the patio's relaxing and pretty, and the free olives are always appreciated. You can pretty much taste the integrity in the pizza at this little local spot, and you probably should if you find yourself in the area.
4	Such a cute place.  Their home made amaretto is a must try!
5	This place is a hidden gem. Tucked back in an awkward shopping center, I would have never expected this greatness. Il Bosco offers one of the three best pizzas I have ever tried. The atmosphere and ambience of the restaurant was great and I hope I am in the area again so I can get another taste of greatness.
5	WE LOVE il Bosco. cute little sit down restaurant. I would imagine little cafe's in europe to be like their place.The pizza's here are amazing. My wife ordered the one (forget the name) but they said it was their best seller. Obviously know why because it was AMAZING. mine was good, but her pizza made mine taste like crap. If you like olives they serve a small tray of it before your food. I am not  a big fan of olives so this wasn't a big deal to me. But my wife loved it!
4	Il bosco reminded me of a pizza place on lago lugano in switzerland.  The owner is very laid back and generous; he even bought me a "campari" soda.  It's obvious he has a lot of passion in his restaurant.  The ambiance is intimate and the staff is attentive and on their game.The flavor from the wood fire oven was as expected.  The pizza dough was over kneaded...also, if the portion of bread/crust was less I think I would have been more pleased.  The ingredients seemed fresh but average quality.  The amount of cheese and sauce was perfect though...I'm honestly unsure if I'll return.  My expectations were higher.  Still, give it a try if you want a decent pizza with great service and atmosphere!
4	Went here for dinner after finding it on Yelp (or course). The food was good. We got the pizza with the figs and arugula (sp?) on it and it was delicious. The owner was friendly but maybe a little too friendly. It's hard to eat when someone is trying to talk to you the whole time. We had 1 slice of the pizza left and asked for a box. He took it to box it up. Finally when we paid and were wanting to leave we asked for our box and it turns out the food got thrown out instead of boxed up. No big deal since it was just 1 slice but if it had been more we definitely would have asked for another pizza to replace it.
4	Small and quaint...until we got there that is. This restaurant is tiny.  There are about five tables inside. Somehow that was enough for us because they weren't busy at 8pm on a Friday. There are only a few choices of pizzas that they offer. The choices are good ones though. There is amazing free bread while you wait that is warm and soft. The pizzas are big and more than enough for the average person. The desserts were very delicious as well. I know this is a small complaint but the sodas are disgusting. They don't have Pepsi or Coke products just these custom cane sugar drinks. No bueno. The owner talked with us half of the time we were there. He is a cool guy. Just don't ever ask him for ranch, ham or pineapple for your pizza. It offends him rightfully so because his pizzas are pretty good. The service was okay but the server rarely came around. We didn't get our check until 30 minutes after we were done.
4	Great fun pizzas. Good wine. Would give 5 stars if service was better to ask about a second glass!
4	Great hidden gem. Delicious wood oven cooked pizzas. Nice, small lunch menu and very fair prices, about $7-$8 for a lunch sized 8 inch pizza. To add to experience, the owner and staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming. Well worth a visit.
5	I took my family of seven to IL Bosco's last night and was I ever happy I did. Coming from the Pizza capital of America, Connecticut, this restaurant would be one of the best against the nationally ranked pizza places there. My wife had the Fig, Goat cheese, Prosciutto and Arugula pizza,what a pie. I had the Lucia, and the kids had normal pepperoni, which they all raved over. You also have to have the Caprese salad, very, very good. The service was very friendly and informative. My only regret on the restaurant is that it's here in Arizona and not Connecticut. Well done.
5	The pizza is amazing and addicting. My twenty-somethings said the Mia pizza with the egg on top was the best pizza they ever ate. I am partial to the fig and arugula. Definately a great place for something different. Going back with out of town guests.
5	Outstanding pizza like you get in a  back street in Naples or Florence.  This place is the real deal, outstanding ceasar salad, service and great inexpensive Italian wine.  This might be the best pizzza in the area.
5	Very small place a little difficult to find, but very good pizza, so far I think one of best pizza I had in Phoenix
5	This is the best pizza in the valley.  It is a small pizzeria, tucked away in a quiet shopping center.  Use your navigation system because it is worth finding.  The pizza is amazing.  I love the Biaggia.  The desserts are excellent too.  The owner is personable and friendly.  I can't imagine anyone having a problem with this place unless they expected a large, hip restaurant.  In that case, they can have their crappy pizza.  My husband and I will keep returning to Il Bosco.
4	In the area and felt like pizza.  This place had a good rating so we tried it.  Had the kale and spinach salad.  It was good, not a big fan of kale.  Also had the fried ravioli which was ok.  It was on special so wet tried it. My wife and I both had a pizza.  We should have shared one as they were bigger than we thought.    We actually had a whole pie to take home. The service was great, they keep on top of where we were with our meal and timed the pizza to arrive when we finished the ravioli and salad. I definitely recommend this place.
5	The best "hole in the wall" pizza place in all of Arizona.  Start with a world class Caesar salad and move on to the best pizza in the Valley.This is our "go to" place for out of town guests wanting great food at great prices and a memorable experience.  They also have many great wines at reasonable prices.Can't wait to return!
5	AMAZING. Best pizza place west of the Mississippi hands down. Perfect dough, and sauce. Quality that other places lack.
5	Really good pizza try the Carmela and lucia. Don't forget to order the cesar salad best ever.Not the classic pizza something really good made wood fire
5	We will absolutely be going back! I had the patate pizza, my son had the mussels  and my husband had a pizza that had sausage and peppers on it (sorry I can't remember the name of that one). Seriously good food, all the way around. Normally we are Pita Jungle nuts and we will always love that place, too -- but now there's a wonderful alternative next door. GREAT JOB GUYS!
5	Ok, seriously???  This place is still awesome.  The last time I was in was over six months ago and when I visited just recently, the owner, Bill came out and said, "I think this is yours, you left it last time."  (A scarf) Can you believe that? Thought I should share the good news.  Food is still amazing and the service..... 5 star.
1	Read such good things.  What a disappointment. Really? Five stars?  Maybe for attitude!  Paying for "still" water is really a joke when you are spending $27.00 on a bottle of wine  plus the cost of two pizza's - you would think water would be free.  If we were you we'd try Fate Brewing just down the street for a great wood-fired pizza and all the FREE "still" water you can drink without attitude.  Sorry, we only wish it was better as it's just out our back door.  Best of luck to Bill.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! Two things that really make this restaurant a gem are the excellent food and the great owner, Bill. The pizza is to die for and is made using high quality ingredients. My favorite is the Mia. This pizza tastes so good I could literally eat it every day. As for Bill he makes this place special and is hands on. Not only that but he genuinely takes interest in his customers. It's always great to come in and hear his stories or have a good talk with him while our amazing food is being prepared. If you like high quality wood fired pizza and enjoy a comfortable friendly environment don't miss out on this place!
5	Every visit is as great as the last!  We love to introduce locals as well as out-of-towners to this best in class pizza place.  What a special gem.  Another Phoenix downtown pizza place has garnered much nation wide coverage, but night for night we would pick Il Bosco over Bianca's!  And importantly, you don't have to wait 2 to 4 hours!  You won't find a better pizza in all of Arizona!  Not to forget, the Caesar salad is a winner too!
5	YUMMY!!!  My husband and I had a delicious lunch today on the patio.  We shared a salad and 2 pizzas.  The owner Bill had us try this pizza that was AMAZING!  The salad was yummy too :)  We will definitely be coming back again!  A hidden gem right off of Scottsdale Rd and SheaLOVED THIS PLACE!!!
5	This place is great! I went there with my mom and my sister. We figured we would order two pizzas and take the rest home as leftovers. Well, the pizzas came and we ate every last bite! So much for those leftovers! After dinner we had the brownie sundae, which was also to die for. We loved this quaint restaurant and their friendly staff. The owner is so welcoming and pleasant. Thanks for the amazing meal!
5	I went to Il Bosco with my mom and sister last night and it was fantastic! The small atmosphere is so fun, and the pizza was some of the best I've had in a long time. The owner and staff were all incredibly nice and very accommodating. This place is a gem in Scottsdale!
4	Hard to find and very small but would go back many times. Great pizza and very friendly staff. Snug and cozy works well at this wonderful find.
5	If you're looking for gourmet wood fired oven pizza, this is the place to go!  The prosciutto, fig, goat cheese, arugula pizza is absolutely delicious!
4	This place has a lot of things going for it - it is just off the beaten path so that you can sit on the charming patio and it feels quiet and hidden.  And....they get the most important component of pizza right - the crust.  It's chewy and flavorful at the edges and thin in the middle while still standing up to the toppings and not getting floppy.  My only complaint is that they don't have a margherita pizza on the menu.  In my opinion, the margherita pizza is the true measure of a neopolitan style pizza restaurant, but Il Bosco does not offer one.  Their most simple pizza is this Adrianna, but instead of being dotted delicately with Buffalo mozzarella, it's spread liberally, American-style, with melted cheese.
5	I found this place a couple of months ago and it is hands down the best pizza in Arizona. I come from the East Coast where pizza was invented, and Il Bosco Pizza rivals the best pizza restaurants there including Pepe's. Service is always great and the pricing is very fair. Bill the owner is super friendly and cares about what he does. There is magic in the pie because of the blend of cheese, sauce and dough. If you are looking for the best pizza in Arizona, you better try this place so you can compare the rest to the best!
5	We were one of two couples in the restaurant later on a Wednesday evening so obviously the service was great. But overall this place was very good. Authentic Italian food that was all homemade!  Meatballs were moist and tender with a great sauce. Split a Carmela pizza. The wood fired crust was thin but delicious. Perfect for two lighter eaters but no leftovers. Owner treated us to a homemade amaretto for desert... FANTASTIC!  Price was reasonable for what we received. Only disappointment was that their espresso machine was broken :(  Although its a little off of the beaten path, it's a great place for some specialty pizza and good company.
5	Went here for my birthday and had a great time. Only negative was they ran out of bread and our server had obviously not been serving long. The pizza is by far the best in the state!
5	We're staying nearby at the Hyatt Regency for a weekend getaway and wanted a change of scene with a small local restaurant that would appeal to me, my husband, and 5-year-old son--and weren't disappointed with this choice.  We sat outside on a pleasant evening and enjoyed a couple of pizzas, Caesar salad, wine, and gelato. Pizza was nicely crusty and slightly charred at the edges. Staff was kind, vibe was good, a winner all around.
5	Il Bosco continues to put out great product! Consistency is key for any business, especially when it comes to dining, and, after a few dozen visits to Il Bosco, I can honestly say I've never had any pizza, apps, or salads that were less than superb!
5	This place is always fantastic and there is always something unique available to try on a regular basis (the daily pizza white/red specials are always fantastic!)That said, this truly is a special place beyond the amazing pizza (and bread and olives and wine and....) and it's a result of the special attention that the proprietor Bill Forest gives to each and every customer that has the privilege of dining here. My fiance and I try to go 2-3 times a month or more (we'd go 2x a week if we lived closer) and we're never ever disappointed, in fact, there is no other pizza that we will even eat now that we've found il Bosco. Always fantastic, always personal, always amazing, I cannot recommend this place enough and implore anyone who's interested in pizza to visit here.
4	Just went here and really loved it.  The owner is pleasant without being obnoxious.  The pizzas lie somewhere in between a high quality American style pizza and a Napoletana pizza.  We had a caprese salad with high quality tomatoes and medium quality mozzarella.  The basil, olive oil dressing was wonderful.  The pizzas are tasty with excellent ingredients.  The atmosphere is simply wonderful and cozy.  It's a small space but interesting and nicely decorated.For amazingness I still rank Pomo #1 for pizza, Andreoli #2 (they only serve pizza a couple of nights a week) and Bosco is in the next category.  This is a great place so make sure and give it a try.
5	Excellent pizza and a great atmosphere.
5	This is my favorite pizza place in the valley. The fig, prosciutto, goat cheese & arugula pizza is out of this world! The owner operator is super friendly. Last time he sent us home with a loaf of fresh baked bread!
5	The BEST olives, root beer, roasted vegetables, bread and pizza I have ever had!!! Better than Pizza Bianca by far!!! Addicted!Jan. 21, 2015 - and I'm still addicted but I'm as thin as ever!! My wildest dreams come true!! A pizza that doesn't make you fat!!!
5	Consistantly excellent, great staff and friendly.  I can not understand why this place is not jammed all the time.  I was there on sat and it was not busy, what a shame.  I love their Italian beer on tap.  The cesar salad and the caprese is outstanding, the balsamic on the caprese is wonderful.  The pizza's are quite diverse, cooked in a wood oven, different types of toppings.  Comon Yelpers go to Il Bosco and support them its a great restaurant with good food at very fair prices.
5	This place is a bit cozy, but once you've settled in it's not very noticeable.  The set up is very shabby chic, but its clean and appealing.The owner runs the service very well.  He was on top of all his customers' needs the whole way through, directing the kitchen and the supporting waitress and chipping in himself to make sure everything was well.The complimentary bread looked disastrous - it was cold and looked like it was undercooked.  One bite though and it was the best Italian bread we'd ever had.  The flavor was so good.  The caesar salad was also excellent.We had the mushroom and sausage pizza, which unfortunately was burnt.  It was a bit bitter, or else we probably would've eaten the whole pizza.  The red pepper flakes were super flavorful which I appreciated a lot - most places' flakes are stale and doesn't provide this much kick.  So usually the burnt pizza at a pizza place would definitely lose a star or two, but I can't help but love this place.  The owner was so nice, and even gave us some homemade amaretto that was off the charts.  It was great on our dessert of chocolate covered ball of chocolate, pistachio and strawberry gelatos.  The hospitality of the place, the quality of the food and service, and the set up of the place are why I'm a super fan of this restaurant.  I'm hoping the pizza will be good next time too!
5	Awesomeness. Came from out of town and this place crushed it. Great service. Fantastic food. We'll be back for sure!
5	Thank you, Bill, for an AMAZING special pizza education and making experience!! I have never made pizza and SO I enjoyed all you taught us about the dough and the difference in the types of flour. I now truly understand not only the differences in the tastes of pizza but why yours is SO delicious!! Your homemade mozzarella and all your A1 quality ingredients make for the BEST PIZZA I have EVER had!! Your homemade Amaretto liqueur was unbelievable!! Thank you for being such a gracious host and so kindly opening up your lovely home to us for our dear Chip's special Birthday celebration! GRAZIE and MANGA!!!
4	Oh how I love pizza and this place was just great!  The space is cozy and really comfortable, the staff is amazing - we had the opportunity to talk to the super friendly and knowledgeable owner - and the pizza ranks up there as some of the best in Phoenix.  If you like hand crafted pizza, definitely check this place out!
5	Great neighborhood restaurant! Went for the first time for a late dinner and was very impressed. Adorable, chic, intimate restaurant that feels very authentic Italian. The menu is simple and straight forward, again a nod to true Italian Pizza and Salad. A friend and I split the Kale and Spinach caesar (excellent flavor)  and the fig, prosciutto, arugula, and goat cheese pizza. Literally the pizza had all my favorite flavors in one, and with the perfect crust it was excellent. Great over all restaurant and will be back again soon!
4	We  came here and were so excited to see Forrest but when we drive up we. See they. Are closed august he closed for the month of August.so hopefully they will open After aug. Looking forward to pizza making
5	This is great small italian restaurant. It's very small but has a nice feel to it. The food is excellent.
5	Best pizza in Scottsdale! Authentic and quick with good service.
5	My husband and I first learned about Il Bosco when they were catering a friend's party. I thought the mobile wood fired oven was a great idea. It was parked in the driveway, and the pizzas were served up fresh. Since then, we've visited the restaurant numerous times. We usually go for lunch as the 8 inch size pizza is just right. All of the toppings are good. The crust is super. It's crispy on the outside and tender inside. The fresh made dough has a good taste, too. It is as close to the pizza in Italy as we've found.The owner, Bill, is usually there. His hospitality is great, too. There is a nicely arranged patio up front. t's a small, friendly local place. Try it!
5	I've trier every pizza place in the area and this is By far the best place to get pizza in Scottsdale.  They use only the best ingredients on their pizza.  Also have excellent root beer.
5	. We were in Phoenix last week and decided to try this place based on all the great Yelp reviews. I'm glad to say we were not disappointed. The pizzas are absolutely amazing. The owner runs this place himself and takes great pride in making sure that you are fully satisfied. The next time that we are in the Phoenix area we are definitely going going to have to make a return visit if I could I would give this place 6 stars
5	Great pizza. Device was friendly and polite. Very patient with my kids had 1 million questions. We will definitely be back
5	With a 4 1/2 star average on 155 reviews, there's little I can add that hasn't already been said.  It just feels good to add another 5 star vote for a pizza that is unusually good.  Standing out as much as this pizza stands out should mean something.  From every big city to every rural town, there is always a pizza place.  Our own USDA published a scholarly paper earlier this year calling pizza the world's most popular food.  On top of that, I've lived my entire life in Chicago, and notwithstanding the ridiculous notion some New Yorkers have that they know good pizza, most knowledgeable foodies agree that Chicago is the pizza capital of the universe.And we do have terrific pizza in Chicago.  Lou Malnati's, Fox's, Toni's, Pequod's, Vito and Nick's, and on and on.  But there's something about Bill's pizza here that seems to always be served with a kind of pride and love and devotion to the product that is plain and simply rare.  The mozzarella is exquisitely fresh, and every single ingredient, from veggies to meat, is fresh and flavorful.  The tomato sauce rivals the best in Italy itself.  The crust is so good that it stands alone as a homemade bread of the finest ingredients.And yes, I've had the famous Pizzeria Bianco, and Grimaldi's, and Oregano's, and they are all perfectly acceptable pies.  But Il Bosco is simply in a class by itself.  It's all done in a very small space, no reservations accepted, a little hard to see from the street - no matter, do whatever you have to do if you want one of the absolute best pizzas in a world full of pizzas.  I'm lucky, because when I visit Scottsdale several times a year to see my son and his family, he lives very nearby, and we can go at odd hours and avoid the crowds.  But whatever it takes, do it.  You'll see what I mean.
5	Quality of food and service remains consistently top notch after 2+ years and dozens of visits. The ambience was cozy and with a good neighborhood appeal to begin with, and has been enhanced with more outdoor seating and additional decor.Go see Bill and his crew for amazing pizza, salads, and order a side of meatballs too!
5	The food and service are beyond exceptional! They had a nice selection of wine. I had a red that was delicious. The creme brule' with fruit was maybe the best I've had. I'm looking forward to going back soon.
5	Love this place. Pizza is amazing, great atmosphere and very nice owners. We keep coming back and it is very consistent. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.
5	Great addition to the cookie cutter North Scottsdale food scene.  No better pizza anywhere in the country.  My wife and I can't wait to go back.
5	Such a fun little hole in the wall! We're from out of town and found this place on yelp. We were expecting something hoity-toity but it wasn't pretentious at all. The pizza was amazing and a surprisingly affordable lunch option. So fresh and you get your pizza in less than 10 minutes after ordering. Great little unique place and the owner was very friendly and made us feel right at home!
5	Pizza  is amazing! Elana Pizza is the perfect balance of sweet savory and salt. Definitely a must try. Meatballs are better than my Nona's and best I've had. Menu is compact but everything is excellent!!!
4	Wonderful! If you are a fan of thin crust pizza without overpowering sauce - THIS IS IT! Noyt a lot of variety, but I have tried four different ones and they are all excellent, brick oven done.You won't be dissapointed and the place is very cute/casual! Has become my "go to Pizza" for both "eat in" and "take home"
5	WOW!!! I see why this is the highest rated restaurant in 85260!!  I am super picky about pizza. I had Bianco, Grimaldis, pomo and on. None compare to this. MOST of those places that make brick oven pizza are too thin, the sauce bleeds thru in minutes and does not reheat well. This place has the best pizza of this kind I have had.  Not thin in the middle, amazing quality cheese!  Also got the meatball appetizer. 3 meatballs with marinana sauce, easily the best meatballs I have eever had. Not over seasoned or weird tasting.      **UPDATE** went for lunch, they have a smaller pizza at lunch time, hard to tell from any pictures. 4 slices and lower prices.  Ordered meatball app even though not on lunch menu.  VERY consistent, new favorite pizza place in AZ!!
4	Great pizza and friendly service. We had tr biaggia (goat cheese, fig, prosciutto, arugula, and parm) and the Dona (fresh tomato, pancetta, and cheese) - both were great. The crust is crisp with a great chew and good flavor. We also tried the meatballs which are small but flavorful with a touch of fennel for extra flavor. The fried ravioli is a far cry from the fried ravioli you're probably used to and definitely worth a try. I will definitely be back.
5	My wife and I revisited this place after hearing from multiple people it was of the two best pizza places in the greater Phoenix area. To start, the vibe is great. Very small, tucked away Italian shop where you quickly get the feel that you have known the owner/waiters for months already. Needless to say, the service is great. The owner came by on both our visits and chatted with us about whatever it was we wanted to talk about - this time, restaurant reviews :) Now we ordered a Cesar Salad to share, 3 pizzas between 4 of us (we had guests) and a cookie dessert. The salad was delicious. Very light dressing with farm to table greens. It isn't your typical Cesar though, much more airy. The portion size is on the smaller end. The pizzas are incredible. We tried the classic margarita, Lucia and fig spread one (can't remember the name but definitely their signature pie). It has a classic Italian touch to it but not as thin; more of a hybrid between the thin Italian and doughy New York.
5	Visiting from California and Bill was the ultimate host and the food was excellent. Salads were fresh and awesome. Pizzas were crisp and inventive.  The wine was delicious and very reasonably priced (and served at the correct temperature to boot). It's a great little space in a city full of cookie-cutter restaurants, this is a unique gem.  I recommend it highly.
