5	It doesn't get any better than this!  Several months ago I had a dental emergency on a Saturday and they were the only Dental office that was open nearby.  They got me in right away and were able to fix the problem immediately.  The entire staff were so professional, friendly, and fun, that I immediately changed dentists and have never gone anywhere else!  They always take the time to go over every part of the procedure and provide a breakdown of the proposed treatment plan including a cost estimate.  Seriously, the entire staff is amazing!  Always friendly.  Always fun.  And always there to make sure everything goes smoothly.  Even if you have another dentist you need to come in to Dr, Hodges office and see for yourself.  I'll bet you switch just like I did!
5	I started going to Dr. Hodges some 5 or 6 years ago because she was literally a few hundred feet from the apartment I lived in at the time. When I bought my house over 4 years ago, I moved about 20 minutes away and I'm sure I could find lots of dentists much closer to me. Regardless, changing dentists was NOT an option. Dr. Hodges is wonderful, approachable, friendly, educational and just plain nice. She always has a smile on her face and she truly cares about her patients. In fact, she makes you feel more like a friend or guest in her home than a patient in her office. That's not easy to find, so I could move to Tucson and I'd still drive to Chandler to see her. While most of my visits are for cleanings every 3 months, I have had a few cavities that needed work and its clear she knows what she's doing. She keeps up on the latest technology and techniques and I just couldn't imagine having anyone else working on my choppers. Her staff are also welcoming and friendly. I'd recommend this office to anyone looking for a more personal and engaging dentist visit
5	I have had a lot of dental work done in my 34 years, and Dr.Tara Hodges is hands down the best dentist I've ever been to. Her office is the first I have actually recommended to others. Everyone is extremely friendly, and Tara is enthusiastic about explaining what the issue is, what causes it, and what she's going to do to fix it. I have had multiple cavities, a crown, and a crown with root canal at their office and I couldn't be more pleased. The root canal was on my very back bottom tooth and it took a little while, Tara personally called me the next day to follow up and ask how I was doing. Amazing!
1	The dental hygienists were spectacular however, not impressed with the doctor.  I had  what should have been a simple crown replacement that ended up taking 4 visits and 8 hours later.  When the new crown wouldn't fit, they attempted to file my surrounding teeth, to 'make it fit'.  Negative.
5	I'm not going to say that I get excited to go to the dentist, but Dr. Hodges and the rest of the staff make the experience as pleasant as it can be.  I've had several filings and a root canal over the past couple of years and always leave the office feeling like I'm genuinely cared for.  They are honest, friendly, and caring people and I wouldn't go anywhere else for my dental health.
