3	Stopped by for the grand opening tonight. It was nice, but nothing particularly stand out special about it. Not bad, just not wow. Lot's of tv's for sport's bar viewing. A half indoor/outdoor room where smoking is allowed since it is on an Indian reservation. I really like the roll up windows so we can enjoy our great weather. I hope to come back for happy hour soon and re-review.
4	What do you do on a Wednesday when you have two hours to kill before work? You treat yourself to a decent meal, of course! So, while I was running some late morning errands at the Pavilions shopping center in Scottsdale, I was reminded that this Hooters had recently opened up!Now, if you've ever been to a Hooters before, they typically all look the same. However, being a new place, this particular Hooters is quite a bit nicer than the restaurants I've seen in the past. The whole place feels very open. It probably has something to do with the fact that the front of the building is made up almost completely of windows http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#EIXDzWZ9dQaeOBa8OwtBXA. It might have also helped that it was noon, and exceptionally bright outside. (NOTE: Sitting near these windows at high noon can be almost TOO bright. Try and sit in a section not facing the windows until later in the afternoon or into the evening).When I entered the building, the hostess greeted me with a chipper, "HI! WELCOME TO HOOTERS!" which was immediately followed by a CHORUS of echos from every other waitress in the building. It caught me off guard to be greeted by so many people at the same time...almost like I had just walked into my own surprise party.I met my waitress, Kimberly, and she escorted me to my seat. She was one of the most chipper people I've encountered in quite some time. Upon arriving at my table, I noticed that Kimberly had placed a napkin at each of her tables that had her name on it, adorned with hearts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#KOhdogn1LHO99Rh_acBnZw. Personally, I thought that this was a really cool touch.After I sat down, Kimberly asked me if I was there for Hooters' "All You Can Eat Wings Wednesday" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#o3X4gzNiSR3HX_TISI9jhA. She was surprised to hear me decline (hey...I still had things to do after this meal!). Instead, I opted for the Baja Burger. MAN this thing is delicious! It's a nice thick burger topped with Monterey Jack Cheese, Salsa, and Guacamole http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#lROUi_7rwe__S1Q1msJQdQ. I always have my burgers cooked "medium". To me, it keeps the burger nice and juicy. Today's encounter was no different. SUCH a delicious burger!As I was enjoying my meal, I took a look around the restaurant. The set up is quite nice. The bar is fully stocked with liquor and beer. But one of the coolest features (besides the four televisions I saw on MY side of the bar) was the bank of frozen drinks on tap. I counted 10 different frozen concoctions http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#AzPr7Vpt0XQnnZF6TtpQpQ. I opted to sit in the corner of the restaurant, just so I could take a look at the whole restaurant. As I sat, I counted all of the televisions I could see from my section. I think I counted upwards of 20, though there were some TVs on the other side of the bar, I'm sure. Of those 20 televisions, I could physically see the pictures clearly of 13 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#PZRIMs2lvJel7FaGqUxfOA. It looks like this place could be a GREAT place to come and watch whichever sport tickles your fancy.One last thing. If you're worried about seating, fear not. Besides the bar area, the tall tables along the front wall of windows, and the tall tables strewn throughout the, there are booth seats as well. Now, I know that's typical of ANY restaurant. But, these booths are a little different. It looks as though this location is trying to maximize viewing angles for their entertainment Mecca. The seating for each booth actually wraps around into the next set of booths http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#YW2g8Dj6_47O-meQcDfQwA. This seating will, undoubtedly increase people's ability to view more TV's at once...though, sitting with your legs directly into the path of the waitresses and the other patrons MIGHT cause issues...especially after a few beers!So, WELCOME, Hooters of Scottsdale! I'm sure we will be seeing more of one another in the months to come!
2	I ordered the pickle chips and they were awful!!!! The bartender, Natalie, asked how my meal was and I told her they were horrible and I would NEVER order them again. She apologized and said "sorry you're not feeling them" and stll charged me. Not going back and I will make sure to tell friends about my experience...
4	Super friendly people working there.  I must have heard 10 hellos when I came in.  Lots of tvs to watch games, good food, and great service.  I will be back!
4	Always a great place to watch UFC events. They don't have a cover charge when most places do. Food is average, not great. But the sweet waitresses make up for that.
1	YUCK!!!
3	I was excited to hear that Hooters opened in Scottsdale until I found 10 mediocre wings for $10. Hooters also provided celery and extra blue cheese for $.70 per item. Additionally it appears Scottsdale chickens are smaller than typical unless Hooters downsized their wings. Needless to say I was very disappointed when I learned that 10% of my undercooked dinner came from a family of "small people" chickens with stumps for digits. Though I will likely visit Hooters again, I am hoping Buffalo Wild Wings opens across the street as promised. For those interested in statistics, Hooters receives a perky B as compared to Tilted Kilt's firm D.
3	I wanted wings tonight and remembered that hooters was opened so decided to check it out. Same as other reviews, a huge band of Hooters girls say HELLO when you walk in. Allie was my server and was training 2other girls tonight. We liked the Daytona wings but not really the original. There wasn't anything wrong with them, we just didn't like the texture. We shared a Cobb salad and it was nice and big with lots of ingredients. Fried pickles are always a treat. The frozen Bellini and mudslide were awesome and I liked how the manager came by to see how everything was and even gave me some tasters of the frozen drinks do I could see which one I liked. Overall, I'd say we had a great experience.
2	Cool bar with respect to televisions and space and... That's the end of the positives. The food is sub par... Chicken and burgers tasted like they were frozen (processed and very fatty) and the cole slaw so soggy it wasn't edible. Even the salad was bad with lots of rusty lettuce. No reason for any of this... As soon as a real restaurant at talking stick opens this place is done. Oh and the service is terrible... Took 45 minutes for 2 frozen entrees. You have been warned.
4	Service was great, beer was super cold (26 degrees), I lost count on how many micro-brews they have on draft, but they have all of my favorites.  And of course, they have great wings.  Also, no shortage of TV's It is a Hooters, so if you don't like that type of place, then don't go.  But other wise, if you want a great cold beer or two, some wings and service by a nice, friendly staff, then head on over...
4	It's Hooters. Great place to watch UFC fights. They have lot's of weekly specials. And they also have Hooters. So yeah uh go there or whatever.
4	Much cleaner and more open feeling than most Hooters. The pub-style food is consistently good and the service always includes a big smile. The signature hooters wings are fantastic so are the buffalo shrimp IF you can get them butterflied. I also tried the shrimp po-boy sandwich for the first time and was really impressed.
5	Just stopped by for a quick bite to eat. Seen the adult smoothies variety and just had to have one. I was expecting a small cup size but it was actually larger and really good. Had the wings and was surprised how awesome they tasted.
2	We've gone here 3 times now and they keep getting worse.  The last time was take out and when we got home the order was totally wrong.
4	All is right with the world. After going to that gawd awful hooters in Vegas and getting the worst wings I've ever had anywhere, I needed to wash that memory away..Stopped in here for a quick lunch. They have 2x as many beers on tap, a nice open setting, cushioned bar seats, well placed tvs and polite quality hooters girls. Also, the wings were perfect!!! Thanks for restoring hope in mankind. I can rest easy again.
5	All you can eat wings Wednesday. Awesome.
3	Hooters is losing its "trendiness" for sure. Nice place overall and the staff seems very nice, they just seem as though they are faking it sometimes in a way. Beer selections are average and good is just typical bar food.
4	Not sure if anybody has discovered this Hooters as it was fairly empty on a Friday night. Great drink specials during the 2-6pm happy hour and beyond. You can get a shock Top pint and domestics for $2 and most other craft beers for 3 bucks. The chalkboard has other deals after HH ends and yesterday it was Corona for $3 a bottle. They have all the sports packages and Yankees game was turned on quickly. The two bartenders that night were attractive and talkative as well. Still, can't pull the trigger on food, but might try some mozzarella sticks during HH next time, which are four bucks.
3	Went for the endless wings Wednesday.  Nothing too special, lots of sauce (Actually made us sick to our stomach).  Place looked pretty clean, waitress was VERY nice and on top of her stuff!
5	Great Hooters location, especially for lunch because they are fast!
2	The food was fantastic - we had our favorite wings and a generous chicken caesar salad.  However, the service was very poor at this location for our visit on Friday 10/04.  The waitress was rude, delayed placing our order, and did not check on our table during the meal.  Most of all, it was very disappointing when we had to return 2 minutes after we left because a member of our party left his wallet at the table.  The table was not bussed yet when we returned but the check was picked up.  Since the wallet was not where he left it, we asked the waitress who claimed she did not notice a wallet.  As soon as we asked to see the manager, she returned with the wallet instead.  Very disappointing as our perception is that she intended to keep if had we not asked to see the manager.
4	Stopped in to watch a bit of hockey and get some wings.  Dave the manager was awesome and the bartender kept my beer full and cold.  Go Caps!
1	We chose Hooters instead of Buffalo Wild Wings because we were with a friend who is from Ireland and had never been to a Hooters. It took 45 minutes for our food to arrive, when we were seated, there was less than 10 parties in the whole restaurant. We asked the server to send the manager over and he blamed the slowness on the kitchen getting slammed because there was an event nearby, but we had arrived before "the kitchen was slammed". He said he would look at our checks and get back to us, he never returned to our table. Our server came back and asked if everything had been taken care of and we said the manager never came back, she finally was able to get our checks. The manager did give us a discount off of our check, but I was overall disappointed in the whole experience and felt bad for our visiting friend who's first impression of Hooters was terrible.
4	First time that I tried a food item that did not have a wing involved. The Patty melt had a 1/2 pound of fresh ground meat with bacon and Daytona sauce, carmelized onions and cheddar cheese. At about $10.50, it was a bit pricey and they skimped on the onion rings that came with burger, but I enjoyed this burger which was a surprise. It was fresh beef, cooked to my liking and the sauce was kind of BBQ sauce, but better tasting somehow. Lots of new menu items at Hooters, but this burger has been upgraded and is much better.
5	I know Hooters isn't exactly fine dining but the service is always so friendly and nice that it deserves a good review. This is where we go for wings and a beer, they are good. We aways get the regular hot wings, the medium sauce is more like margarine or something. Sometimes the boneless wings are dry. We bring our kid with us and the girls always stop to say hi to her and give her a balloon. Love the service, always great.
1	Horrible service!!! Food was O.K. (it's Hooters what do you want) but service was terrible!!!!! Maby it's because I'm used to going to the Hooters in Beach Place Ft. Lauderdale where they are ROCK STARS!!!! Do your self a favor & go across the street to B-DUBS.
5	I never had a bad experience in this location.  The waitresses and staff are very friendly and always have a good sense on when to check on you when / if you need something.  Food is good (just like every other Hooters) and the environment is welcoming.If you are a fan of the wings, then wednesday is the day to go.
1	This place has horrible service.Our crew went there last night, the place was kind of empty. The guy behind the bar yelled to us to sit anywhere we like. We Sat out on the patio and no one even came out to greet us. After 15 minutes one of our guys went back inside and asked for service. One of the waitresses came out and had nothing but bad attitude. Then when we got our beers, another 20 mins later. They we're warm. Then when I asked for another beer she told me " Put it outside for a little while". The manager had to come out and bring me a new beer. I love Hooters. I eat at every Hooters in every city that I visit. I've never had service this bad in my life. I will never visit this location again. I wish you could give them -5.
5	I'm not one to write reviews, but after the stellar service I received today I felt compelled to. I am not a frequent visitor to Hooters. My wife and I tend to prefer local non chain restaurants where the food is fresh and customer service is good. Today we were on our way to a Spring Training game when we decided to venture into Hooters.Our server was named Cassie and she totally put my wife at ease with her great and warm persona.  Not quite knowing what we wanted, she told us the food here is fresh and guided us with food selection.  I had the Western BBQ burger and my wife went with Cassie's suggestion of boneless wings with the Chipotle Honey sauce. My wife can't tolerate a lot of spice and we were assured the wings would be flavorful and without a strong spicy feel to it. My wife loved the wings and was really impressed.  So much so that she wants to come back again!! My burger was also fantastic, but not quite well done the way I had hoped. Cassie  took it back to the cook and had it fixed in minutes! Our glasses were kept full the whole time and she even recommended some great desserts (chocolate cake and caramel cheese cake. I expect good service when I go out to eat, but Cassie really made our stay quite enjoyable with her service to us. To top it off we were in a hurry to make the game in time and she worked hard to get us out in time.We are very glad to have gained a new perspective of Hooters and will be back again!
5	I'm not one to write reviews, but after the stellar service I received on Saturday 3/1/2014 I felt compelled to. I am not a frequent visitor to Hooters. My wife and I tend to prefer local non chain restaurants where the food is fresh and customer service is good. Today we were on our way to a Spring Training game when we decided to venture into Hooters.Our server was named Cassie and she totally put my wife at ease with her great and warm persona.  Not quite knowing what we wanted, she told us the food here is fresh and guided us with food selection.  I had the Western BBQ burger and my wife went with her suggestion of boneless wings with the Chipotle Honey sauce. My wife can't tolerate a lot of spice and we were assured the wings would be flavorful and without a strong spicy feel to it.My wife loved the wings and was really impressed.  So much so that she wants to come back again!! My burger was also fantastic, but not quite well done the way I had hoped.  Our wonderful server ook it back to the cook and had it fixed in minutes! Our glasses were kept full the whole time and she even recommended some great desserts (chocolate cake and caramel cheese cake). I expect good service when I go out to eat, but this particular server  really made our stay quite enjoyable with her service to us. To top it off we were in a hurry to make the game in time and she worked hard to get us out in time.We are very glad to have gained a new perspective of Hooters and will be back again!
3	Met friends here before going to spring training game.  Beer was good and cold.  Our server was good as well.  The food here is pretty much the same as any Hooters and not a favorite of mine.  Anymore I will pretty much order the same thing, wings, cajun style, naked.  The breaded one's are just too much breading.  Another friend ordered loaded tater tots and they came glopped with sour cream and cheese sauce...yuck...unless you've already had numerous adult beverages, then they might be OK!Anyways, it's better then the Buffalo Wild Wings across the street and there really aren't too many options out by Salt River Field. (the food is better at the ballpark, btw).
2	Was very surprised to walk in on a Saturday night to find it not very crowded & this was after a big event at Salt River Fields.  We had a table of 7 people and our service was extremely slow.  My wings were good as usual, however the onion rings were cold (like they were sitting out waiting for the wings to be done).  Another person in our party had to have their boneless wings returned because they came out cold also. The manager did come out to replace the boneless wings & apologize for the problem.  But our service there just fell flat.  We all wished we had decided to go to Buffalo Wild Wings which is right across the street.  I will probably give this Hooters another chance in the future, but if the service is the same it will definitely be the last time I go.
2	The two star is ONLY because I love hooters food...seriously the b*tchiest waitress I have ever encountered. The place was empty and she didn't even seem like she wanted a table! Will not be back to this location...ever.
5	As I travel for work, I have been to Hooters all over the country.  It is just one of those places where you know the menu and you always get what you pay for.  This location (Scottsdale) is numero uno!I have never had bad service here. From the Manager Tony to the best waitresses on the planet.  Lexi, Niya, and Alex have been nothing but AMAZING!!!!!They have always paid attention to not only myself, but my wife so much that this is fast becoming her favorite Happy Hour Hangout!The food has always been stellar, and cooked per our request. Will never stop coming here!Rock on Hooters!
1	If your going to hooters for food awful worst service however if your going for hooters
3	So-so food but service from the strangest duo of waitresses I've encountered. "Strange" here meaning "bad" and "off-putting."I'll not be back at this location; the experience was too odd to return.
5	Newer place, cleaner than most. We never get out for less than 15-20$ person, even at happy hour. But lots of TVs for sports, the frozen drinks for the ladies (and unmanly men), girls under-dressed as expected, etc.A good plan is to get snookered and roam over to Goodwill next door to see what junk people are buying. I mean, who wants a used blender? Then to Guitar Center to try out a guitar with the amp turned WAY too loud... It's like dinner and a show. As for the wings, we girls like the lack of fat and skin. The guys go hungry...No, you will not be full after an order,, but that's more room for beer.
4	I had not been here in about a year and most of the staff from then was long gone. The new manager (young shaved head) was very nice on this night, putting on the volume for the Jeter finale. The Hooters female bartender was prompt, but overall the staff wasn't as attractive as I recall in previous visits. They also removed the Beer of the Month special and it was 60 cent boneless wings night, but they make you get ten. They should let you get five and of course no dressing is included. They copied BWW exactly, no creativity. Well, the TV's are still great and the beer is still served icy and the mozzarella sticks at HH price were decent, so still a good place to catch a game.
5	Okay, I know what you're thinking..."Five stars is a little aggressive for a Hooters, lady!!"I know it might seem this way, but it's about time I post my review for this location. My husband and I have been coming to this location for a little over a year, a short while after it first opened. You can call us "regulars," as we come AT LEAST once a week, even more, during football season. We are definitely regulars for a reason--we love the ambiance, the friendly staff, and the food is consistent. We very rarely have any issues with the food, but if we do, the managers are more than happy to make it right (especially the one with the shaved head, I am so sorry I can't recall his name, but he goes out of his way to make sure we are 110% happy with everything). The beer selections are good, and the drink menu is good too. They've worked out a great system for watching football on Sundays where you can see, clearly, which games will be on what TV (they have lots). They also show the UFC events. It is never "too loud" (unlike the Buffalo Wild Wings next door; sorry if I sound like an old lady...I am only 26).  Probably the reason I rate this location 5 stars is because of the waitresses. I think Hooters, unfairly, gets a bad reputation for being trashy because of its "kitschy gimmick." But the girls who work here are don't act like "slutty" at all (unlike from what I've seen at Twin Peaks or some Tilted Kilts). They are genuinely sweet, and always remember us. Karen, Alex, Brittany, Jessica...all great ladies just to name a few. I respect them a lot. We will definitely keep coming back to this location!
4	I came here thinking it's an Owl sanctuary! Wrong turns out it's a restaurant with waitresses who wear tight clothing !! I was hungry so I stayed, what the heck never had Owl before. So to my dismay they don't sell Owl wings and so settled for chicken wings. I recommend the Daytona Wings naked and well grilled. The sauce taste like these girls think they look. Delicious. I'm kidding the girls here are a strong Scottsdale 7 but I still don't understand why they call it Hooters. Good place, a lot of TVs and food is what you would expect if Applebee's ever tried to hire attractive employees, which clearly they don't, that's another review.
4	I have since returned to the Hooters at the Scottsdale Pavilion and have been pleased with the price reduction, 10 wings with a side for $6.95, or all the wings you can eat for approximately $12. There are also plenty of good quality flat screen TV's to watch sports but you will have to settle for music vs. the game cast. The bottom line is, Hooters provides a consistently good atmosphere, with slightly above average wings, and attractive waitresses. :-)
