3	The best thing about this boutique is the fun jewelry and the bright colors!!They have some very unique clothing items and some adorable summery dresses. I wouldn't say that they are necessarily catering to big and large folks but they have some decent options.  They are selling colored jeans, funky shoes, great accessories,, etc. The only downfall is that I believe the prices seem to be marked WAY up.  I saw a beaded necklace in there for $55.00 and I bought the SAME EXACT necklace a few weeks prior at LA East in Blakeney for $5.00.  Umm...that is a HUGE difference.  Granted it was on sale when I bought it but even the orginal price wasn't close to $55.  Then I saw a pair of earrings that I own from Ivey and Leo.  Again, the price was marked up.  I think some of their buyers just go into Charlotte and find some great deals and then go back to Fort Mill and mark it all up...If that conspiracy theory is true then they need to expand their purchasing outside of a 15 mile radius.  Fort Mill is still considered the great Charlotte area so they probably won't get away with that for too long.  Cute place though, worth stopping in and of course it is right by Cupcrazed bakery so you can nail two birds with one stone.  **Tip, try on clothes before stuffing your face with a cupcake---you'll have better results :)
4	Love the style of clothes Page Six sells.  I have never gone in and not found something that works for me. Hudson jeans.Fantastic reasonable priced jewlery.Hobo bags.And their dress selection gets in trouble everytime.
4	You know how sometimes you walk into a store and you want to give your wallet to someone else for safekeeping because you don't trust yourself?  Yep.  That's the feeling I get as soon as I set foot in here... I love that the jewelry is displayed on what look like office bookshelves instead of the regular racks that can be cumbersome to look over with all the crouching to see the picks on the bottom... The clearance can be hard to find, but check the back wall in the last little nook... There are still some swanky duds to be had back there... The jeans are a little pricey, but I guess that's how the young people do it nowadays... I dropped the $85 pair like they burned my hand... Nope, not even happening over here... lolThe workers are always quick to lend a helping hand and know their way around the trends, which is a plus... They've got a good thing going here at Page 6... I'll be around more often...
4	I love this store! I found it on Pinterest and have ordered a couple of items from California. I am always pleased with the look and quality of the material. For the most part, true to size. THE ONLY THING-Length of skirts/dresses is a little tricky because I am 5'8'' and the "model" they use must be (a lot) shorter since typically the items she displays on their website fit almost to her knees and on me, more near my butt. So....if you order online like I do and you are 5'6" and above, just keep in mind that skirt/dresses may be a few inches shorter on you. Other than that, have fun online shopping from their store :) I do~
4	Excellent customer service!I saw a dress online that I really liked but was afraid to order it because I wasn't sure what size I would need. I called the store to ask them if they had the dress there so that I could try on different sizes. They told me they would pull it from the warehouse and have it for me to try on the next day. When I got there, the dresses were not there. The owner stopped what she was doing in the middle of a busy Saturday To go to the warehouse and get the dresses for me. These girls did not have to do that for me. Most places would've just said come back tomorrow and we'll have them. I was grateful that she went out of her way for me. And I absolutely love the dress!They have a great selection of accessories too.  I love shopping here!
3	Love the boutique ! It's a really cute little store. But when I mean little, I due mean little. They usually take items that have very sheer and thin fabrics. It's a given there items are beautiful ! I wish my closet was there boutique. But they don't have any particular large sizes in there. It's generally small to medium and if you happen to find a large it's like finding a needle in a haystack. The difference between a medium and a large is about a 1 inch difference in cut and sew.  I wish there clothing offered a wider range. And a better catalogue to choose from. But then again it is a small boutique.  Another thing is that they charged items way overpriced. I bought two shirts in there for $114.00! That's insane. Again they were the thin easily broken fabrics but its the closet thing to a mall in fort mil.  Certain shirts have tight and alittle interesting fittings. But there are other styles that I just want to grab and runways with it. There are the bow back shirts that hang low on the back that looks so lovely and classy ! Again, cute store, but still way to many flaws and small range of items.
5	Love the clothes!  Always so stylish and up to date!  Worth the money when you feel good putting it on!
