4	The steak is great, atmosphere is decent, service good... but there's one reason you should visit Firegrill: the house salad dressing. I can't put into words what my dining mates and I experienced when we tasted our first bite of the house salad. True bliss.
3	This was not a planned visit - we wanted to go to another restaurant on the street that was closed - so we picked what was closest.  The Firegrill was nothing to write home about.  The service for a Saturday lunch was okay - but it seemed under-staffed.  The food was alright, but pretty much like any other chain steak house-type restaurant I've been to.Overall, an okay place to stop if you're in the area, but not worth going out of your way to visit.
3	We only came in here because we saw wings on the menu.  We simply went in for the wings on my #salaciouscanada tour.Boy, it *was* exciting!  I've never tasted any wings like it before!  It was sweet, but then at the end had the flavor of buffalo... hrm!  Interesting!And the coconut shrimp were HUGE.  HUGE. The hugest I've ever seen!  Buuuuut... we didn't stay for "dinner".  This is a steakhouse... and it's just too "normal" for a foodie trip.want more of me?  you can find me at http://www.tastytwosome.com with videos and more! and on twitter @ladyleet. :)
4	My coworker and i came to this place while on business trip to Montreal and I'm SOOOOO GLAD she found this place cuz i REALLY LOVED IT!!!!  I thought price for the quality of the steak were very reasonable (~$25-35). i ordered peppered ribeye steak, came with a salad (house or caesar) and a side.  the steak was really good. They prepared the steak as exactly as i wanted (med rare).  mmmmm... ambiance was nice... we sat next to the window... watching the snow falling. service was meh.  it was ok. but steak, YUM!
3	There's nothing wrong with Fire Grill, but there's nothing outstanding about it (as far as I can tell).  I had the salmon on linguine with rose sauce.  It was pretty tasty, though the salmon was a bit over done.  The side cesar salad was typical, over dressed but that was fine with me.The service was great though.
3	This was a decent place to have a birthday dinner. The atmosphere is cool, a nice upscale steakhouse with leather bar stools and comfy booths The rose sangria was good, as was the filet mignon and key lime pie. Nice hot baguettes with good butter, too.
3	Typical steak chain restaurant that is overpriced.  Save your time and money and eat at one of the many fine independent French restaurants in Montreal.
3	I ate here last time I was in Montreal. I tend to agree with some of the other reviews. It's a typical chain and frankly I regret not visiting other "local" restaurants that probably would have been much better. That being said, you can get a good steak here if that is all you are interested in.
3	If you need a break from French, this spot makes you feel like you're in English speaking Canada again....(which is not usually why you travel to Montreal!)  Food and atmosphere is pretty good...nothing unique though.  Feels like a Milestones or Earls.  While you are downtown Montreal, there is so much more culture and many unique restaurants.  I would not recommend this one, unless as I said, you need a break from the culture.
4	Had the surf and turf for dinner here. the steak was great but the lobster tail was a little over cooked.
3	A little more upscale chain restaurant.  Food was decent, service very average, and atmosphere ok.  If you're in Montreal, you can do so much better, but this place isn't a complete loss.
4	I came in here on. st patricks day. I loved their food. My steak was cooked perfectly and our waitress was really proffessional. The ambiance is cozy/kinda sportsy. They had tv playing with the habs game on. However they did have another side in the restaurant so maybe thats where you can have more of a sit down experience. Anyway I enjoyed their food and wine collection. Until next time :)
2	This place was not very good, so I would recommend you not go there. If, however, you must, do not order a regular adult burger; order the kids burger, because it is the exact same thing on a smaller plate, even the same amount of fries, and it costs half as much. Definitely share your plate with someone or plan on taking some home, because the portions are extreme. No one asked how we wanted our burger cooked, and it came out a shade under charcoal. We ordered a side salad and never got it, and my husband's drink came neat when he asked for on the rocks. The fries were good, but that is no reason to go there, since plenty of places have good fries.
4	Very good place. Steak was good and this was the first place in Montreal with good customer service which seems very rare for this city.
1	Tonight, The Keg was packed with over 1.5 hours of wait time. The Dominion Tavern was so packed they were not accepting walk-ins or reservations. The old go-to Reuben's had a line-up waiting all the way outside. So were in a bit of a spot for dining out after the movie and I was in no mood for fast food or anything deep fried. We were walking around looking when we spotted Firegrill. Never been, so I figured it couldn't hurt to try... that was the beginning of the end...T H E   G O O D The restaurant looks impeccably clean and has a nice woody, loungy feel to it. And who doesn't enjoy leathery banquettes? As a steakhouse fanatic, it's the environment I enjoy. The manager's hiring practice of female staff indicates a strong interest in, how do I put it... the bouncy factor, not that there's anything wrong with that. Our server was polite and very friendly despite what follows. The Good ends here.T H E   B A D The management cannot control his patrons. When young patrons go hog-wild like it's spring break, management has to step in before losing customers. It's better to have a few unhappy kids, than a bad reputation - more on this later.If your wait-staff is all dressed to a tee, the manager should be dressed like he owns the place, not like a retail clerk at a Reno-Depot. If you're the boss, look the part. T H E   U G L YOK this is the part where you should get comfortable before going further. I'm about to go off on a rant, a diatribe, a disputation about basic rules of restoration and "foodology".First of all... this, where I live, my island, is MONTREAL, not Val D'or. There's a steak spice mix named after my town. I think one can expect delicious steaks in Montreal; it's one of our culinary call-to-fame. Right up there with smoked meat, bagels & poutine. So if you dare call yourself a steakhouse and serve crap, maybe you should leave my island. First my favourite quote from Bourdain that pretty much explains my views on restaurants and gastronomy."It says something about a person when you put chicken Caesar on the menu. You've crossed a line and you know it. It's the chef version of sucking Ron Jeremy's cock. If you do it late in your career, any notions of future stardom are usually pretty much out the window." -Anthony Bourdain, Medium raw.Firegrill makes the atrocious, grotesque and egregious error in seating itself downtown and serving food I wouldn't make for myself on a boring night after work. I would sooner eat at McDonald's everyday and get more contentment from it. Hell I can do better with supermarket grub. People go to restaurants to eat what they can't have at home - mostly to get crispy crunchy food, or better food than they can't prepare.I ordered the T-Bone... for connoisseurs the menu said. Connoisseurs call it a Porterhouse bitch, but I digress. It comes with soup or salad. Salads were the ubiquitous Caesar (see above) and of course the "chef's salad" whatever the fuck that means. I went for the soup, cream of broccoli. They forgot to mention it probably comes out of a can marked with the word Campbell's on it. It had the salt content of a canned soup and tasted like the 2 dollar soup I sometimes get at Tim Horton's (hey my expectations at Timmy's are different than when I dish out a lot of cash for a good meal.)But I should have seen this coming when the bread came with butter in packets you have to unseal. Because whipping butter and serving it into a little ramequin is soooooooo much work right?But it gets better... I mean worse...I get my T-Bone steak and it's about I dunno, barely a centimetre thick, the kind of cheap-ass steak you get at your local IGA. This steak was un-aged. How can you tell you may ask? Well first, the purpose of aging meat is to release it of its water and of course secondly, make the meat tender which results in a steak that cuts easy and is flavour packed. This T-Bone had nothing flavourful and was boiled by all the water that was steamed out during the cooking process. I couldn't see any spices or seasoning. The steak was pale and looked like the kind of steak hospital cafeterias push out on those special occasion meals. Even after pouring enough salt to clog an artery on it, I still couldn't get any flavour out of it. That's of course WHEN I was able to cut a piece of meat out of it without hacking at it because of all the non-tenderness of the meat and all the "nerving". I stopped after 2 "bites". Any steak connoisseur likes their steak, thick... really thick and will pay the big bucks to get it and get it right. The steak was barely grilled on one side, ungrilled on the other, conveniently faced down and looked and tasted boiled. And to make matters worse, there were metallic black spots on the steak indicating a dirty grille or tools. Unpleasant to say the least. And it was just served on a plate with nothing else. No herbs, no mushrooms, or grilled tomatoes, the regular, omnipresent go-tos. Just a plain unseasoned steak.
4	3 times in 3 years.we seem to end up here every time we visit Montreal and the food is always excellent!We ordered two steaks, I ordered the rib steak and my wife ordered the filet. Mine was cooked perfectly, hers was a bit undercooked - she ordered it medium and it was closer to mid-rare, but for a thick cut it was a quick fix. The steaks tasted delicious and the starter salad was equally great. it felt fresh and prepared for the meal, not pre-prepped like other restaurants we have been to.The service was a bit on the slow side, and there was a wait to sit, even though we had a reservation, but we were not in a rush so it didn't impact the evening for our group.
4	This is a great steakhouse with lots of selection, nice decor and attentive service.The location is ideal, for being downtown, very accessible (facing Peel metro) yet it's not busy and there's plenty of seating. People aren't swarming here after work for meetings or cocktails. I've been twice so far and was always pleased with the food. Between my partner and I, we've tried the steak, bbq grilled chicken breast, chicken tenders, californian chicken sandwich, shrimp cocktail and desserts like key lime pie (delicious!!) or choco-banana cakes.Compared to other steakhouses, this place has many chicken and seafood dishes, pasta or sandwiches and a lunch menu.Everything is delicious although I find some options quite pricey. If you order a sandwich, it comes by default with fries, replacing that with a salad costs 5.50$Their fries are shoestring cut and seasoned, which I found a little too salty.Recommended if you want good food, good service in a classy yet relaxed environment.
2	I'm a little ashamed we ate here... Not terrible, not great. Like a chain steakhouse restaurant. Uninspired menu. Nothing to write home about.
1	Our waiter George was very polite and attentive to start with even though he seemed rushed. I order the 10 oz bone in filet mignon and my friend the 8 oz regular filet, along with a salad and a bottle of wine.The wine came quickly, the overly dressed and disappointingly bland Caesar salad next - it was so greasy we couldn't finish one between the two of us.After a long wait, the steaks came. I almost spit out my first bite it was so overcooked.My medium rare was grey and sawdust dry - George apologized and told me that a replacement would be right there in just a couple of minutes. My friend's steak was also overcooked, but his wasn't all grey and he was too hungry to wait. And I waited, and waited, and waited, and our waiter was nowhere to be found. More than half an hour later George came out of hiding with a steak for me and no apologies for the wait. This steak was cooked on uneven heat - half the steak is medium, the other half was well done. I was so hungry by now that I ate the medium half, but couldn't stomach the other part. When George eventually returned with my friend's dessert, I showed him the grey half steak on my plate, and he actually said to me: "Well, it was a big steak" and left the bill on the table. No apologies for the fact that it took more than an hour for me to get food, or that the food was so bad that we didn't eat almost half of the food brought to us.Moral of the story, if you want terribly cooked, flavourless food with uncaring and inattentive service, then this is the place for you.
1	Avoid this dump. Firegrill represents everything that's wrong with chain restaurants - cavernous spaces, Holiday Inn low-rent decor, sauces and soups that come out of industrial-sized drums, and robotic waitstaff trained by some wage slave loser with a "MANAGER" pin on his polyester shirt. It just flat out sucks, and if you waste your time and money here you're wasting the opportunity to experience a cool bistro or cafe somewhere else in Montreal. Don't do it.
3	I've never had a bad experience at this steakhouse..like ever.For starters, the food is good. There's a wide selection of food and there's always something to suit your mood. The prices are also very reasonable for what you get - comparable or cheaper than the Keg.Service has always been great for me both at this location and the one near Place Vertu.The reason for the 3 stars is because although it's a nice place to go, it's nothing out of this world. Simply a nice dinner place. Nothing more, nothing less.
4	First time here though my friend had been here plenty - said he only gets the "chicken thai salad" and so I ordered it too (wondering if a non-steak item at a steak house is going to be worth it) ABSOLUTELY  - one of the best salads Ive ever had - truly, try it! Great service, atmosphere, competitive prices, great portions - a plus all around. Even have dental floss in the bathrooms - nice touch!
4	Service was awesome , although I got the steak salAd and really didn't enjoy it . Perhaps I didn't read the menu clearly . The rest of my family got steaks and said they were to die for !! Along with the house salads and burger . Bit pricey but nice atmosphere
3	I don't mind this place and the food here seems good. I like the steaks here and it's close to where I live. So the food is good and the location is convenient. It's the nearest steakhouse to my crib.The service here seems pretty average, nothing special. The atmosphere seems pretty average as well.Overall, a pretty average steakhouse restaurant.FINAL GRADE: C+
3	They make a pretty delicious filet mignon cooked medium! This place isn't cheap but if you order the right thing you'll be happy. Service is a bit bland, but not terrible. The restaurant is fairly large and parking is usually easy to find on the street. If you're looking to watch a game while grabbing a bite then, fear not, they have TV screens for your enjoyment as well!
3	My husband had a pasta dish which was good but on the bland side. I had the large Greek salad. This was good and very large. Our waitress was very nice and the overall service was fast. Nice atmosphere and bar area.
4	Good food, lots of selection of various items from steak to seafood and chicken etc. good wine selection and premium liquors. good prices but don't go expecting free cake for your birthday because they aren't on a low end style of restaurants. The service was quick friendly spoke great English and French.
4	The service is really good, prices are reasonable my friends and I go there when we don't know where to go! The chicken is really good also really like the spinach dip! My friend once tried the tuna sandwich did not like it at all, that was the only bad experience we had at firegrill!
