4	If I lived closer to this Chipotle location, I'd go here all the time. Of course, the food is exactly the same as the South Boulevard Chipotle (which I frequent at least once a week), but this location is just much larger and has an adequate number of tables to meet the demand's of the lunch crowd. Not having to sit crammed next to someone else makes it a much more enjoyable experience. As for my favorite food there, I tend to go with the chicken burrito bol. Mm. So good.
3	I'm not sure I understand why Chipotle is all the rave. As far as I'm concerned, there are quite a few quick, cheap burrito places (try Phat Burrito on Camden, for instance) that are far superior to Chipotle, but what do I know? I guess people like the chain, the familiar, the boring, the reliable. And that's what Chipotles are. This Chipotle is no different: same menu, same basic layout. This isn't really a bad thing, i guess: it's super clean, super spacious, and pretty nice overall for a fast-food/chain type establishment. You can even eat your meal here and not feel gross/depressed. And the food's not that bad, although allegedly it's really unhealthy, so be aware of that. I enjoy their plain chicken burrito, though it's pretty unextraordinary. You know what you're gonna get, and it's pretty good. But you can do better. Trust me.
4	Chipotle is great! I enjoy going through the line and telling the Chipotle employee what I want and watching him/her make my burrito. I especially like this location. They are open until 10pm and even when you walk in minutes before they close, you are greeted with positive attitudes and big smiles! Trust me, I've gone in many late nights to prove this. They make huge burritos with delicious ingredients! The chips have a nice, zesty salty and lime flavor...mmmm. If you want fast, inexpensive, and delicious and not "fast food," try this Chipotle.
4	I was a Chipotle lover when I live in the Twin Cities. I was super excited to find out that there was one less then 10 minutes from where I lived when I moved to the Southpark area. I know many people go there for their burritoes,but I go there for their soft tacos. I always get the steak and I love that everything is so fresh from the meat to the veggies. I always get mines super hot and their salsa's will do just that! If you want quality tacos and burritos I suggest going to Chipotle and not Taco Bell! Its a little more pricer but its definately worth it!
5	FINALLY, Chipotle came to Charlotte! Slowly but surely, many locations are making their way around town.I absolutely love avocados, and Chipotle has the BEST guacamole I have ever tasted. I have no idea what they do to it, but it's just amazing. I'm a vegetarian and I usually get a burrito bowl or a burrito. I always ask them to mix the burrito contents before rolling it and it tastes so good. The service at the counter is quick-- it's a great place to eat on the go. The chips are great as well... I have never been disappointed with Chipotle!
2	Dear Chipotle, Thank you for stealing my money and giving me mediocre tacos and calling it "food". I am highly disappointed and will never again walk through your doors. You are extremely overpriced and have a very measly menu. The only reason why I gave you two stars instead of one? Your guacamole. P.S. You have bad service.
5	Best darn Chipotle EVER!Seriously. I have occasionally visited this place in the past couple months and was at first blown away by how nice the employees were and how clean everything was. Second time, same thing! I have been there about 5 times now and have never been let down.I have been to quite a few Chipotles in my day and would consider most of them to be 3's, some 2's, a couple rare 4's, however the people here really make a difference. They deserve some sort of Chipotle award or other such accolades.
5	Always great & efficient service at this location! I know that Chipotle is a typical franchise restaurant, but I really like the quality of the food here.Tasty, Fresh and can be made healthy. The locations I have been to in Charlotte have very friendly and efficient service. I'm a fan of the Burrito Bowl. That way you can really mix the ingredients into a perfect bite every time!
4	I am the Duke of Chipotle.  Bow to me.I like this location a lot.  The food is, of course, Chipotleish.  The service helps set it apart.  The crew is fast and incredibly attentive.  I have had several of the prep guys look at the ingredients, decide they weren't fresh enough, and get new for me.Fine place to stop in for a burrito.  Outside of that, it's Chipotle- you just know you can't go wrong.
3	So Chipotle is friendly, has all these body- and earth-friendly ingredients and whatnot, but you know, I just do not get them.  The restaurants are not all that friendly (talking the physical location, not the service at this point).  There are usually something like three chairs.  The menu is decent enough, and you get a reasonable portion size, but you end up paying for their "food with integrity" in a fast food setting without the service (I am talking about the service here).It is not that they are not friendly, but it is not like you get table service or anything, so if you are going to pay more than fast food prices, it would be nice to get more than fast food service, right?The place looks nice, and they give you what the promise (so far as I can tell - I did not actually take a Chipotle farm tour or anything to know any better), but there are just not that many options, and for this sort of price, I would rather have "real" food in a "real" restaurant.  But that may just be me - lots of folks seem to like them, and they are better than some options out there.
2	I thought that I had been to The Chip" before but, not so fast ... Food with integrity Oh my what happened ?   Integrity  adherence to moral and ethical principles; soundness of moral character; honesty.. They throw stuff on a Burito shell  charge you $10.00 I am not a cheap person.. but Taco Bell with a Burto Supreme would have been alot better. even with Mystery meat. I see pretty high stars for a I think 92 health rating .. See my pictures if you want a Burito do not go here.
4	There seem to be a lot of misperceptions about places like Chipotle. For example, I know people who turn their noses up at eating at places like this because they are not "authentic" Mexican restaurants...but ironically these same people will eat at Taco Bell (REALLY!!!  As if THAT is authentic Mexican??!!!) So, yeah, let's just say upfront that Chipotle is not posing as a "true"  Mexican Restaruant - they are a TexMex-style chain specializing in stuff like burritos that happens to be based out of  Colorado. I also don't understand people who compare this place to Taco Bell... I think that people need to understand that places like this are more in the category of "fast casual" versus true "fast food" places.  Fast casual places are a tiny step above the fast-food chains, but a step below a full service restaurant. They do not have drive-throughs but they are also not full service sit-down restaurants with waiter service. Basically, in a fast casual, you will go up to the counter and place your order.  They will put together your order as you go down the line so that you can select the various options & toppings.  Then, they give you a cup and you serve yourself with beverages and that sort of thing.  In some fast casual chains, they will bring your food to you after it's prepared. Also, in some of the places, they will bus the tables after you have eaten, but in others, you will clean up the table yourself when you are finished. Some examples of  other "fast casual"  TexMex chains include Qdoba, Salaritas, and Moe's. So now that we understand the concept behind this restaurant, how does it stack up to it's competition?  In my opinion, it is much better than Qdoba, Salsaritas, and Moes. The pricing is generally in the same ballpark - and so are the portion sizes. However, I prefer Chipotle in terms of quality in part because they serve hormone-free naturally raised chicken.  But also, for me the freshness of the other ingredients has always been good.... the lettuce is fresh, the cheese does not have a "plastic" texture.   And for my visits, I have found the employees to be friendly, fast, and efficient.  If you want super-fast, super-cheap food and don't mind highly-processed food packed with all sorts of nasty chemicals & preservatives (not to mention the "mystery meat" which is actually a disgusting mixture of by-products and  who-knows-what), by all means, please stick with Taco Hell.  But for me,  I'll happily shell out a couple of dollars more to eat at Chipotle!
4	Chipotle has slowly crept to the top on my list of Tex Mex chain restaurants. My daughter and I hit this one up occasionally for our Thursday night dinners out. She introduced me to the Burrito Bowl. It's a burrito in a bowl without the actual burrito. Great concept, although not original (another tex mex place calls it the "naked burrito"). Load up on fresh toppings & different heat levels of salsa. I like the "hot" salsa myself. It's my new favorite way to have a burrito. I know that there are more authentic Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area, but for a quick and tasty meal I like Chipotle.
2	I've loved this restaurant chain ever since I first tried them in Chicago back in '05, but as you will soon tell from this review not all Chipotle locations are created equally.  This is for the Providence location (which is the last one I visited) yet it also applies to the Pineville-Matthews and South End locations where I've had the same problems.For a chain that prides itself on the numerous combinations of burritos they can create I've consistently had issues customizing mine, from dumbfounded looks (yes, I do want double veggies with no rice) to skimpy portions (barely half a spoonful of chicken).  I haven't encountered the same pride in product quality that I've seen in the Chipotle's outside of Charlotte.Continuing on that thread, the food prep lines can't seem to get their act together.  They don't communicate or know how to keep the food going which causes delays and pissed off customers and don't get me started on when they try to roll the damn burrito at the end.  If that wasn't enough the spotty customer service is the expired icing on this half-baked cake.  Many of the employees obviously don't care to be there which is a weird juxtaposition against those who are trying their hardest.  In the end the inconsistency is just plain frustrating. The only reason that I gave this place 2 stars is because even a poorly put together Chipotle burrito is decent and they serve beer.  Yup, that's about it.  Walk in with low expectations and you'll always have a great time.  If you want the real Chipotle experience then drive to another city.
4	Great food. Efficient staff. Spacious seating. Clean bathrooms. Parking lot and entry/exit from shopping center is a pain.Definitely worth a visit, especially given the wealth of vegetarian options.
4	I love Chipotle, so I'm biased. This location has some inconsistent service, with high turnover. A bit tricky to get in and out of parking lot, but worth it if you're headed to Uptown from South CLT
5	Fast service. New location. And exceeds the high expectation set by Chipotle.
4	I come to this Chipotle about once a week - usually get pretty fast and friendly service.  Never had a problem with anything I've ordered - food is always fresh and they make it exactly as I ask for it.
4	It's a great location. Whilst driving southward and in need of a burrito bol, burrito, gratuitous amounts of guac, or any combination of the aforementioned, this is a great location. Staff? Eh, they're friendly for the most part. Efficient at the very least. Only con: Entering the shopping center driving south on providence or towards Southpark on Sharon Amity. Forget about it. You're either going to wreck your freshly polished Range Rover or back up traffic for a quarter mile. Do yourself a favor and choose the opposite of the two. You'll save yourself a headache and also commence burrito consumption much faster.
1	I dunno what bean-counter took over this place, but seriously, dude, stop counting the beans.  And steak.  And pork.  The last three times I've been, I've had to remind the preparer that a quarter ounce of meat does not a taco make.  You know who is down the block?  Salsaritas.  At the moment they own your ass.   And my dollar
3	The food was fine. The service was fine. I was disappointed with the fact that despite a posted sign to the contrary, when asked about where to recycle our glass bottles, the woman at the counter said, "We don't recycle." Really?!
5	I work in a neighboring tenant of Chipotle so I'm a frequent customer. I really do love this location. The turnover can be high but it seems like they always attract friendly faces. Here's a quick but great customer service story (long story short): My card was compromised by Target and bank didn't tell me I had a new card coming. My card randomly stopped working as the cashier rung my order up. She didn't make a big deal of it... but I only  had $6 out of the $7 that  needed to pay for my meal in cash. Without blinking she reached into the tip jar and pulled out a $1 bill to cover the rest of my meal. I went back a few days later and overly compensated with a big tip to thank them for not totally embarrassing me and handling it in a way to allow me to show my face in there again. I eat a mainly vegan diet so I usually get a burrito bowl with rice, beans, veggies, salsa (two kinds) and guac... which is to die for. I will also pop in just for chips and guac and they always are okay with me skipping the entree line to get my chips which I really appreciate. Honestly this sounds silly but this is the only Chipotle I've been to where they don't huff and puff about me getting a kids meal. Maybe I've just had employees on an off day at other locations but at this location I've never had anyone deny me the pleasure that is a Taco Kit with the little bag of chips.
5	I really like chipotle.  They are far superior to moes and qdoba.  I highly recommend a burrito with rice, black beans, fajita mix, pico, hot sauce, sour cream and cheese. Always fast and hot food
