4	Night one, we end up in Anthem, with no idea of quite how we got there, except it's north. This is almost the only information you can get from the road signs around here, except for the ones with the microscopic logos of restaurants, hotels etc.Hampton's is a nice place, and probably worth the $155 inc. tax we paid. But if you're smarter than we are, you'd go another 15 mins and stay at a more reasonably priced place up the road at New River.
4	I went into my stay at the Hampton Inn with low expectations, and walked away fairly impressed.  My biggest problem when traveling is finding a bed that is remotely comfortable - a non issue in my ultra comfy king sized bed with 4 or 5 feather pillows. Heaven. I was in town on business, so I didn't spend much time in the hotel, but knowing I was walking into a room where I wouldn't spend most of my night tossing and turning was such a relief. The continental breakfast was about on par with what you'd expect - fruit, cereal, pastries etc. I skipped the "hot" items, which vary from day today. There is always the option of DIY waffles, which are pretty good.Always a fan of free internet - but you do have to be plugged in at the desk. NOTE: the access code changes daily, so you'll have to call the desk for the new code everyday. There is a gym and a pool/hot tub, though I didn't use them.  Denny's and Del Taco share a lot with the hotel if you have the munchies, and the Anthem Outlets are just across Anthem Way (Blvd?). All-in-all I was comfortable, and the bed was awesome. If you just need a place to sleep, this place has what you need.
4	My wife and I were house hunting in the Anthem area and needed a hotel to serve as base while conducting our search.  We strayed at the Hampton Inn several times for multi-night stays over four months during our house search and were never disappointed.Rooms:  Always clean.  Big deal to us.  Beds are very, very comfortable.  Having a decent sized refrigerator in the room is a real plus, especially when staying for several nights at a time.  Complimentary internet service in the rooms -- ethernet connection, not wireless.  Wireless connection available in the lobby. Nice sized desk for computer work and a recliner rounded out the rooms. Business center:  Complimentary computer with printer and basic office items available in a room near the main desk.  Nice touch.Breakfast:  Included in room price.  The usual continental items -- yogurt, cold cereals, juices, coffee, pastries, bread (for toast), bagels, preserves.  Scrambled eggs and a meat as well as self-serve waffles also available.  All in all a very adequate breakfast.Staff:  Absolutely top notch.  Always friendly, helpful and courteous.  James (front desk) is sets the bar pretty high for customer oriented focus.  Cleaning staff always had our room made up early in the day so it was ready whenever we returned and just wanted to kick back.I would highly recommend this hotel.  You won't be disappointed.
4	My wife and I enjoyed our five day stay.  The beds were comfortable, the room clean, the staff was courteous, the breakfast ok, the pool refreshing.  I will save the fifth star for a really upscale hotel, but this place deserves four IMO.
4	My memories here are always of leaving.This is where we stay before we go due West to CaliforniaTheir pool is well maintainedAnd my memories of them are even more maintainedIt is nice, you know, to go somewhere and always have the feeling of being home soonCoffee served at 1000 degrees fahrenheit And I feel like I left something by the hot tub but the baseball player we met would have made a snide comment about it.
4	This was an excellent place to spend the night especially considering the price.  I stayed with a friend on a quick trip to the Grand Canyon and then a D-Backs game the next day.  We stayed on a Tuesday night, and booked it two hours before our arrival while eating dinner in Flagstaff.  The booking agent was very courteous and upbeat.  The room cost us $90 including taxes and was well worth it.  Two queen sized beds that were more comfortable than my bed at home.  Room was spotless with a tub shower, flat screen television, excellent working temperature contros (important when you're in a place that's going to 112) and all the amenities previously described.  Computer access is now Wi-Fi.  Access code does not change daily, it's merely your name and room number.  Ate the provided breakfast and when I appeared perplexed at the waffle station, the attendant made it for me.
5	The best hotel just outside of the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  Spotlessly clean. Friendly, helpful staff.  Great beds, lots of pillows, microwave, refrigerator, desk, free wifi!  Full breakfast, every tv channel going.  Walk to dinner at two restaurants.  shopping outlet across the street.  Walmart a block away.  temperature outside was 111 degrees.  our room maintained a cool 72!  Surprisingly, big bathroom and large, quiet room.  Even received Hilton Honors Points!  Wish I had all of that at home!
4	Nice place to stay with outlet shopping next door and clean rooms too.   Nice breakfast in the mornings with a wide variety of foods to choose from.   Clean pool with adequate seating around.   Modern and cozy rooms with comfortable furniture.   Overall a nice place to stay.
5	This is a very nice Hampton Inn. As a result of a corporate relocation, I had to stay there for an extended period, so I really got to know the lay of the land around here.The location is great with plenty of places to eat and shopping very close buy. The staff was always friendly and helpful and the room quality was excellent. I have stayed and many Hampton Inn's in my time and this one was right up there as one of the best. I would give this 5 stars for what you get in this category of hotel.
2	I was very surprised to be this disappointed in a Hampton Inn. The air conditioning never achieved a comfortable level even after having it on all night and we were quite warm in the room. I also noticed my credit card was overcharged by 15% and inquired at check out about this and was told it was standard procedure for incidentals and would be credited back after our stay. I suggested they inform the guest upon check in about this procedure and the staff just gave me an odd look. Lastly, when I arrived to their full service breakfast an hour before the service ended most everything was gone. I understand cooked items would probably not be replenished but baked items, syrup for the waffles and cups for the juice were not either. On a good note the bed was very comfortable and we slept well. The oversized jetted bathtub in the deluxe room was very nice, albeit loud, but overall this hotel is overpriced for what it has to offer.
4	My opinion of Hampton Inn has changed after a prompt followup by management.  Within one business day management called to personally address my concerns.  We talked through each issue and I felt like she really listened to me and would consider my suggestion.  I've become disenamoured with customer service lately so to have a company followup and offer a  guarantee that I was unaware they offered was restorative.  I would be willing to stay with Hampton Inn again and I appreciate their customer service.
1	My family stayed here after our a/c went out in our rental. This place is really outdated. It doesn't look like they have spend any money in the last 15 years to spruce this place up. I mean there were popcorn ceilings. Staff was friendly but not very professional. Fridge didn't really keep anything cold. Complimentary breakfast was okay. The bed was okay, nice and clean linens. The a/c unit didn't cool the room - all 5 of us slept without covers the whole night and when it would turn on/off it would wake me up. The biggest issue was bugs in the bathroom. When we called about it they said they would send someone up. A man came to our room shortly after and basically made a joke of it, washed them down the sink and said they could spray but it's harmful to humans. He said they could be my kids pets. My husband and I were so taken aback that nothing was done or taken seriously that we checked out shortly after and found another hotel that I would rate 5 stars for the same price.
