1	I walked into this nail salon hoping for a quick and decent manicure pedicure.  My nail technician, Cathy, was very sweet--however she rushed through everything.  She squirted cuticle remover all over my dress, slobbed it onto my hands and feet and never completely rinsed it off.  She didn't even bother with a top coat on my pedicure.Her tools were kept all jumbled together in a dirty plastic container--not once did I see her put anything into a disinfectant.  The woman next to me finished with her pedicure and they simply drained the bowl --nobody scrubbed it, or even rinsed it. I also thought they had a poor color selection at this place.  All outdated OPI shades.I wouldn't come here again.
2	I was whisked away to Phoenix with a few hours notice for work. I am from the SF bay area and have a wonderful brow waxer.  I have to book way in advance since we both have busy schedules and now that I moved I have to travel farther to see her. Anyways I couldn't make my much needed appt with my regular waxer so I've been scoping out eyebrows in phoenix and if I like their shape I would try to get recommendations. Well the front desk person had some really nice eyebrows and she recommended this place.  She said they were only good for eyebrows and don't ever go there for a pedicure. They charge too much according to her.  So I go in to see Leah (the person that my hotel person recommended) and she takes me out back to this little room. The room looks very comfortable with butterflies on the mesh thing connected to the ceiling. It looks very clean. Leah excuses herself and says she's going to go wash her hands...I like cleanliness...however she returns in like 3 seconds. ummm did you use soap?So anyways, I'm hoping this Leah person would work wonders but I'm not impressed. I could just be used to my regular waxer but when Leah waxes, I guess it's ok. When she would pluck some strays she didn't really get them. In a couple of days I had to pluck some hairs myself.  The shape wasn't all that either...and lemme tell you that my brows were really bushy. All in all I wasn't too impressed. I only paid $10 so whatever...I just can't wait to see my regular waxer in the bay.  Oh yeah, she kept pushing other things on me like "make sure you ask to see me for your pedicure or your next brow wax"...I don't like that.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  This place sucked.  All-around.  The only positive note I have is they had the most recent US Weekly.  Let me start from the beginning...I went here b/c I was driving home from work and decided that it had been at least 5 days since my last pedicure, my co-workers were extra bitchy today and I deserved 25 minutes of pampering.  So I stopped when I saw the first nail salon.  This strategy works 9/10, so don't fault me for that, trust me, it works.I walk in and they get me in right away.  I pick my color and sit down.  No massaging chair, no magazines (I had to ask for one) and nowhere to put my purse.  Whatever.  So, the girl comes along and does my pedicure...it's fine, not great, but not awful.  I was rather annoyed that she didn't even dry off my legs and just slapped on some cream.  Cream + watery legs = awkwardness in my opinion.So, I'm heavily involved in reading my updates on The Jersey Shore and Brangelina when I happen to glance down and she's painting a white flower on my toes.  What?  No.  No, no no.  I do not want a flower.  So I made her take it off and re-paint my big toes.  Who does that?  You ask before you put something so painfully feminine on my feet.  Seriously.Now, this is where things take a turn for the worse.  I go to pay.  And let me tell you, I haven't paid more than $30 for a pedicure in this town...EVER.  So, they tell me it's going to be $45.  WHAT?  Was that OPI nailpolish made of gold?  Did I just blackout?  Whatever, I move on...nothing I can do now. I hand her my credit card.  She says "no credit card, use ATM in the corner."  Uh, what?  So I realize they don't take credit cards or checks.  I have to go withdrawl cash from their mother f^$*^%& ATM machine in the corner that charges me $5 (on top of whatever my bank will charge me) so I can pay for my terrible pedicure.  This place stinks...there's way too  much competition out there to charge and treat customers like this...DO NOT GO HERE.  Drive down 50 more feet for another salon.
1	I went here on a Sunday afternoon at 1 PM to get a mani pedi before a trip.  I was promptly seated in a chair and then forgotten about for 30 minutes.  I am all about letting my feet soak but 30 minutes?  I was a prune by the time my nail tech got to me.  There were around 8 nail techs in the salon but they were all focused on 2 ladies and their 6 kids to wait on anyone else.  When my tech finally got to me, my pedicure lasted 15 minutes from start to final polish.  My tech didn't realize I wanted a manicure as well and took off to the next client.  I had to flag him back down and got a 5 min manicure.  He did do a great job on my buff but my cuticles were ragged and it was very haphazard.  They also only accept cash but have an ATM in the store incase all you have is a debit card.The place was clean and had a lot of polish choices but definitely lacked on customer service.  If you are busy, take down my name and I will happily come back in an hour when you aren't as busy, don't let me sit with my feet in a bath for a half hour while you do polish changes on 5 yr olds.
1	The most horrible pedi ever and it cost me $45 because I sat in the" special massage chair" wtf why didn't they inform me when I sat it their f^*&% special piece of crap chair. The pedei lasted 15 minutes and it looked horrible......very sloppy looking. I had my nails done there a couple of years ago and they were yellow! I should have known better but I was right by there so I went. My suggestion is to never step foot in this rat hole of a" business" the people and service suck. I give it negative 5 stars. Go to andys down the street, I've been going for years and they aren't expensive.
1	I'm sorry. I'm sorry I am allergic to latex. This is what I had to keep on telling the nail tech when she was doing my feet. Walked in for a nice pedicure and I should have walked right out when I saw the look on her face when I told her I was allergic to latex.  But she said it's ok, it's  ok sit down, sit down.  I know there are other types of gloves..vinyl or non latex they need to buy at least one box because I know I'm not the only one who is allergic. Anyway..I was in and out in about 20 min. It was awful, 10 min soaking 10 for the pedicure. It was obvious she didnt want to touch my toes, which aren't that bad, without gloves. I wish she would have said no when I came in the door. Oh they don't take any cards just cash. Will not go back here even if it was free!
5	i cannot believe the 1 star reviews of this hidden gem.for a five star experience, ask for candi. she is a sweerheart!candi also gives the best $10 eye brow wax and $55 one-hour facial of your life!5 stars for candi!
1	I was feeling eager for a gel manicure since I had just taken off my false acrylic nails.They looked awful. It was Saturday and felt the need to relax so I decided on a pedicure as well.I chose this place since it is close to my boyfriends house. I walked in and was greeted right away.For a weekend, it was not packed at all. In fact, they were over staffed.I was rushed to the pedicure chair. A man was assigned to my nails and a woman to my feet. What for? I mean, I wasn't in a rush and there was plenty of staff on duty.I was being small talked... like "oh my gosh you so beautiful" blah blah.. you know!I swear I wasn't even there for 20 minutes.. That was the fastest pedicure and gel manicure ever in my entire life! Let alone the quicket $52 ever spent.And, I mean my pedicure was super basic and so was the quality of my gel manicure.Oh, and btw! They only take cash!They have an ATM in the salon.Smart, right? Never again will I step foot in this shop.Bummer
4	It was the night before my daughter's wedding and she wanted to get her nails done and wanted a shop near her house, so we headed off to For Nails Only.What a cute shop and everyone is so very friendly, great customer service and didn't feel pressured to buy services didn't want.  I wound up getting a pedicure with a design on the toes, that's just how I am, gotta bling the toes!The pedicure was great, the design was super cute!If I am in the area in again and in need of a pedicure, you bet I will be stopping here!Oh also its a cash only place, but they do have an atm in the shop
3	I stopped by here the other day for a quick manicure.  While the tech was nice and quick about the manicure (Baby C was at home with his daddy...wanted to make it home to feed baby C)....I was thrown by the CASH ONLY policy.   I was not made aware of the CASH ONLY policy until AFTER my manicure had been finished.  So instead of using the ATM there in the nail place, I walked to Frys to use the Wells Fargo ATM.  If I'm ever lazy again and not wanting to do my own manicure, I guess I'll hit this place up again...and bring CASH.
4	Very nice staff, welcomed us immediately. I don't mind the cash only policy, but I can understand the frustration if you weren't aware of it prior to going. As for the work on my manicure, very well done :D helped me pick a color that I liked better than what I had originally chosen. Didn't mind fixing things that I found and even after I messed up a nail, she fixed it right then and there. Will be coming back!
4	Gave me what I asked for. Didn't try to upsale too much. Staff was polite, not overly friendly. Decent massage. Price average. Would go back.
2	The first time I went, I was impressed by the service.  I was looking for a place to park my bike, and one of the employees invited me to leave it inside the shop.  I was treated very well, it wasn't anything fancy, but the wax was just fine.The second time I went, I wasn't happy with the wax results and the environment was not especially clean.  Not going back.
4	I have been coming here about 7 months now and haven't had any issues with them. Staff is friendly and polite. I go every other week and my nails always look nice. I don't mind the cash only policy, certainly not a deal breaker.
3	Overly priced :/ they do not clean under nails. Very nice workers though. Great customer service. ;)
5	Of all nail salons I've been to, this has become my "go to" place. Sean, in particular, has made various visits well worth my  time and money. The customer service is welcoming without the overwhelming, overbearing up-sale I've encountered elsewhere. Furthermore, I sincerely enjoy how they reference your name each visit, as if they've genuinely been anticipating your next arrival. Aside from the charisma, each acrylic set I've had has had perfect shape and elegance, without the heaviness my fingertips usually experience at other salons. Aside from nail sets, they do a great wax job as well! Previous reviews I've read remarked on their pricing. I feel that the prices are reasonable, given that this is more than just "work", but "artwork". They do have a "cash only" policy and I can understand the aggravation if one was not informed of this prior to their visit. However, I being the easy-going person that I am, don't mind taking extra time from my day to walk to the back of the store where their ATM is located, simply because this place knows pampering at it's finest. I reccomend scheduling an appointment with Sean to receive the full experience.
3	I went to this place last weekend for a pedicure and although the staff was very friendly and competent, I was disappointed. I was wanting a relaxing experience, but I felt like it was rushed the whole time, and I was lifting this foot up, putting that foot down, rinsing, polishing, bam, bam. bam. It would have been perfect if it was billed and priced as an Express Pedicure. As a spa pedicure with extra scrub, I expected more than a 15 minute in and out rush service at full price plus. In all fairness, they were busy, but I would have rather been told I would have to wait or have to schedule an appointment.
1	If I could I would not even give this a star this nail shop is awful the employees are mean crud and they laugh and make you as a customer feel as if they are laughing at you as a paying customer I have tried this nail spot several different times to give them several chances but I still leave hating myself for even walking back in to this shop
5	I've been seeing Candy and her staff now since the late 90's. Since I'm fairly new to voicing my opinion on Yelp, I wanted to help boost the ratings of a place I genuinely believe in.I am currently a licensed nail stylist with almost 20 years in the beauty industry. I have knowledge in all areas of a salon, from the front of the house to the back. I decided to write this to elaborate on the differences of a walk-in nail salon vs. a specialized nail "experience", since there seems to be much confusion of the two.First off, it is incredibly ignorant to refer to walk-in salons as "Asian salons" or "chop shops". While it is true most walk-ins are owned and operated by people of Asian descent, this type of description has stigmatized and devalued hard working and incredibly talented people. Quite frankly, there are some downright offensive reviews on walk in nail salons in general, so I truly hope this review is seen and considered.Walk-In nail salons offer quick and affordable options for people who are budget conscious. Their menus, product, and pricing are no frills and often times, "a la carte". A basic pedicure consists of nail shaping, cuticle care, foot filing, massage, and polish application. It is the client's responsibility to ask for add on's such as exfoliation scrub, spa products, and additional massage. The main complaint I see from clients on Yelp is often times they feel add on services have been charged to the bill without their knowledge. My advice is: PAY ATTENTION and ask how much everything will be, before starting the service. BE KIND. Yes, we all know how funny Anjelah Johnson's nail shop stand-up routine was, but in reality, it is a hurtful stereotype. Yes, there are language and cultural barriers in a walk-in atmosphere, but it is 2014 in America. If you have not come to terms with these barriers, I'm very sorry to hear that. No, they are not talking about you in their native tongue like you've been conditioned to believe. If anything, they're asking to take a break (considering these people work their asses off 10 hours a day, seven days a week).Cleanliness and sanitation are virtually the same in both walk-in and "upscale" nail salons. Both use soap and water, plus a hospital grade disinfectant (which is tuberculocidal, fungicidal, and virucidal aka kills everything) solution for metal tools. For the record, I have worked for a very popular, upscale nail salon in Phoenix who had an on-going roof rat problem which resulted in abnormally large "flesh flies" invading the gel lamps. DISGUSTING. But again, sanitation is always an issue for walk-in salons, strictly because of sensationalism, media coverage, and misinformed idiots like Dr. Oz. If you are truly a "fungiphobe", go to the nearest Sally Beauty Supply and purchase your own set of tools. Be accountable!DO YOUR RESEARCH. What is it that you want from a nail service? Vibrating massage chairs? A beautiful retail space? Luxury spa products? Be aware that conceptual nail salons (Nail boutiques, Nail Studio/Spas, Nail Bars) are popping up everywhere. They are being built to bridge the gap between walk-in and resort experiences. They offer highly stylized spaces, intricate art work, and an edgier appeal. And with that, a heftier price tag. If you ever feel you can "get a better deal" at another salon, by all means, go there.. And stay there. No one likes a haggler (or poor tipper, for that matter. If you don't know tipping etiquette, do the right thing and just DIY!!)Throughout the years at For Nails Only, I have seen Candy, Tina, and now Nick. I visit them when I'm pressed for time and save my upscale experiences for days off. I always let my own clients know that having two places is a good option, specifically if they're on a budget. Each staff member is friendly, remembers you right away (and over time treats you like family) and is beyond kind to clients' kids (who in all honesty, should not be running around a salon). The salon itself is pristine in cleanliness, never stuffy or hot, and has never suffered a rodent infestation thankfully.The bottom line is know what you want before going on a tirade. Know what to ask for and know who you're dealing with. If you don't know what you want, how do you expect to actually get it? Furthermore, the phrase "The Customer Is Always Right" is untrue. Oftentimes the customer is a prejudiced pig who takes pleasure in abusing service industry workers and can't wait to unleash their anger on a public platform. Candy and For Nails Only, thank you for twenty years of impeccable service and for inspiring me to get my nail license :) You're truly the best!
4	I have been here twice so far, the first time was just to get my eyebrows done and the second time was to remove my acrylics & get a new set done. The first time, the woman who did my eyebrows went really quickly and I didn't feel like she was paying attention, but the most recent trip I made for my nails was much better. Son (Shaun) was the one doing my nails and he did a fantastic job! He really took his time, making sure I was happy throughout the process. All the employees were laughing together, which I don't see often at a nail salon, so I thought that was nice. Anyways, I'll definitely return for my next nail appointment and will request that Son do them again. He was a sweetheart.
5	First visit here and they treatment me like a big-tippin' regular! Brian was the technician assigned to perform my pedicure. My dogs were in bad shape ya'll. Brian really took his time and straighten these suckers out. And I liked that he didn't try to up-sale. Brian is so personable! Ask for him! Loved the experience!!! Their prices are very affordable too! I will return for my next pedicure.
5	I love this place too! Omg fabulous without spending a fortune. The salon is super clean which I love always! The technicians here are super friendly and always ask how you're doing. I enjoy coming here to get my eyebrows waxed, manicures, pedicures, and facials. I can come here and always leave feeling pampered and satisfied. I usually see Diem for my brow and nail care because she is a fantastic nail artist and an excellent brow professional. I don't think there is anywhere else I would want to go but For Nails Only (:
1	What is the first thing you think about when you get ready to get your Mani and Pedi? RELAXATION!!! Unfortunately, my experience was everything BUT that! I understand when you are tired at work, or even having a bad day, but your customers are NEVER suppose to feel unwanted. Soon my best friend and I walked in the door the atmosphere was not very good. It seemed to be tension. The lady who did my Pedi was TERRIBLE! She will NEVER get a tip from me nor EVER do my feet again. I wanted to take my feet out the water and leave, but I really needed my Pedi. She completely ignored how I asked for my feet to be done. My polish looks like I done it myself instead of going to get it professionally done! It was such a rush job! I'm not even going to get started on my Mani!!! GRRR! I'm so livid, even writing this review. I will never go back! They don't even deserve the 1 star that I just gave them. Just HORRIBLE! SMH!!!!!
