4	Something for everyone! Legacy Academy is a fully equipped 6,000 square foot indoor playground and gymnasium for active (and less active) kids who want to run around and go crazy climbing, jumping, running, etc or just chill out and relax. There are two padded activity floors, a Rainbow Castle Playset, a tire swing, a jumping tower & landing pit, three swing sets, climbing ropes, a climbing net & wall, gymnastics tumbling mats, regulation & kiddie basketball hoops, and other play equipment. They also have various table & computer games, two large screen Nintendo Wii consoles, a Lego play table, and old and new videos for less active kids. Children can bring their own lunch and enjoy a popsicle or ice cream. The staff is really outgoing and seem to genuinely enjoy kids. This is a wonderfully affordable option for working parents who can't stay home when their kids' teachers have in-service days. Also great for birthday parties and other special events although snack choices could be healthier. Located in Fitchburg near Market Square theatre. Be sure to ask owner Tom Baggot about his free two-hour weeknight birthday parties!
3	Went for open play. My son liked it however it seemed a little unkempt to me, a little dirty. I know that is maybe what you can expect from most gyms but the bathroom was dirty; out of hand soap, smelly. We were recently at another open gym in Middleton and it was much cleaner; I felt completely comfortable letting my son explore. However at Legacy I felt myself be very watchful of where he he went and what he touched. I had to steer him away from a few questionable areas, ie bean bag area.  Also the play houses/kitchens did not have any toys in them. Our son loves his play kitchen at home and enjoys playing with his pots, pans, and play food. My son like it and would probably give it a 4 stars but as a parent I could not get past the lack of cleanliness. Son is 2 years old so I worry more about it with him because you never know when he'll stick his hand in his mouth. If you have an older child I guess I wouldn't worry too much. We probably wont be going back here until he is a little older; gonna check out some more open gyms and see how they compare.
