3	I felt like I walked into a ski-lodge.  The entire place is winter themed with wood grain walls and wooden ski-racks all around the store.  Vintage ski ads were hung about throughout and the cute salesclerk sat under a log overhang.  I found a great snowboard with an Andy Warhol design on the front and there were clothes, accessories, and equipment for days.  Almost too much for this little shop, it looks like a snow-bum packrat set the store up.  If I had more money to blow I would have gotten suited up.  Hell it's only about $1000 for the clothes alone.  Not bad aye?
3	Located in Park Road Shopping Center, Ski Country Sports is a skinny store with a lot of stuff packed into it. The store goes back a good ways & they have everything you need for the slopes.From snowboards to clothing, this lodge themed store has it all. I checked out their cold weather gear & they had a good selection of jackets. The store is a little cluttered, but I guess they get as much into the small store as they can. One odd thing about the store was a wall filled with tennis rackets. Uh, pretty sure tennis isn't a widely played sport along the slopes, but I checked them out anyway considering it's the only thing I have some knowledge about in a ski store.Ski Country has a lot of ski related apparel & gear, obviously, so if I were a slope fan, I might head back here for some stuff.
5	I don't ski, but on my search for a new tennis racket last year, I happened to wander into this store. The racket selection was very small, but the manager had narrowed the orders down to rackets he felt were the most reasonably priced and the best quality. He knew lots about tennis and racket strings, and he gave me lots of educated advice which led me to purchase my racket there, and also get it strung and restrung there (they even carry the pink racket strings that I wanted, a rare thing!) in a hour or so. I'm yet to see a better price on anything I've bought there anywhere else and nothing can beat the quality customer service. A must-shop store for any tennis enthusiast interested in getting good information and quality materials.
4	Stopped by here yesterday to try some new tennis racquets before I purchase. "Ski Country Sports" does not scream tennis to me, but thanks to the banner hanging outside the place saying "TENNIS" and reviews on Yelp, I checked it out. The staff was knowledgeable and provided some great inside. You can also demo each racquet prior to purchasing. If you're on a budget, they do sell demos after all the inventory has been sold. $2/racquet to rent as many as you like. I took out 3 and bought some balls. Bags, clothing, etc all there for you. Much other stuff too, though I didn't venture past the tennis stuff this trip. Will do so next time.
5	I thought this was a cute little place.  True, the store felt a little cluttered, but they had so much stuff in there!  I had gone with my husband and brother, and all the workers were so nice.  We went to look at the snowboards, and one of the workers talked to me about my snowboarding boots and was very helpful even though I already had the boot.  He answered every question we had and always pleasant.  He was able to help my husband find the right pair of snowboarding boots, and was also willing to help find prices of snowboarding rentals from the store, and giving me recommendations for my friends to go in a week before they have a trip so they can put their rentals on hold.The store was also super nice to give us a student discount.  All we did was ask if there were any other good sales in the future, and they went ahead and gave us the discount.  I highly recommend this place because of the friendly staff and great selection.
4	Just wished I had more $$ to spend here.  I got into snowboarding in 07 and I always look forward to winter and the possible ski trip.  Unfortunately ski/snowboarding can be a little demanding on the wallet, hence why a lot of people just rent due to the seasonality of it.  I do happen to own my own board and gear, and I also like to window shop (a lot).This store combines the best of both of my interests since they do have a small tennis section... I always like going to their January Tent Sale since I can pick up some gear.  Last year I bought a new jacket and a pair of tennis shoes for half their retail prices.  I guess that is the good thing about making way for the next years inventory.
4	Even though we've had a very mild "winter," it's good to know that there's a great ski shop at Park Road Shopping Center! I sauntered in when hubs needed to get a few tennis rackets restrung and took a bit of time checking out the merchandise. This store is chock full of quality brands and recent cuts from the likes of Spyder, Patagonia, North Face, etc. There are plenty of accessories, too, so you'll be quite set when it comes to gloves, hats and more for the whole fam.The day I dropped in, there was a huge sale going on - and I noticed their "Gambler's Sale" offers an increased percentage off as the weeks go by (mid February - mid March), to the tune of up to 50% off! If you're a fan of tennis, skiing, and/or snowboarding, you should certainly drop in!
5	You won't find a more knowledgable, friendly staff around. This place constantly has great discounts, even during the ski season. A lot of people are confused that this doubles as a tennis shop, but trust me, these guys know how to string a racket. Talk to Sam or Jeff, they will go to the end of the world to help you get a great fit in a boot, get your skis tuned, and cater to your vacation. Speaking of boots, if you need your ski boot to fit like a glove, this is the place to go. Again, talk to Sam, he is the resident expert in all things boots. Great brands too, and this is a family owned business, support local!
