2	Pros: convenient location in Shadyside, sufficient lighting for the moodCons: Crowded, full of frat-boy types, bartenders would kick everyone out at closing timePerhaps, I didn't have a great experience because I got dragged here against my will.But it was unbearably crowded and loud.  The kind where it's most likely that you'll spill someone's else's drink.  It was more than once that I heard glass breaking.  It's a kind of place you would go to meet random people than a place you would go to just hang out with friends. My friends enjoyed their drinks, so I grant the bar that.  At closing time however, the bartender yelled that we had to get out since it was closing.  They turned on the bright lights, cut the music and stopped the heat to force us out.So I might not be the target audience.  This is my friend's favorite bar.  I am not sure why.  The frat-boy like atmosphere may be it, but I have always preferred the low-key type bars.
5	Good Food, Good Beers, Better Prices.Try the Patio outback, you'll love it.
1	First of all the website, as I was told, "has been down for 4 years" - even though it is very up. The specials and menu prices are apparently wrong.My friends and I chose this place solely based on the fact they had advertised $3.50 20 oz Guinness. We needed a place to celebrate our graduation. With a party of 4 that grew to 6 we found the place pretty crowded and loud after awhile. Mostly we were pissed off that we were told on our 3rd round that the Guinness we were drinking was actually $5.50....really, it wasn't even a full 20 oz glass, it was one of those damn plastic cups. When we ordered at the beginning of the night it was quiet and the bartender said nothing about the price. At that point we decided to go somewhere else because it really wasn't our kind of bar in the first place, and you can absolutely find much cheaper Guinness in this city. The guy didn't even apologize for the website - it's called false advertising, and it's a dick move, Mr. William Penn.
3	Food is mediocre but the wing specials and flavors are decent.The beer specials are pretty good.  It has a dive bar feel despite being in the heart of Shadyside, which is a nice change of pace if that's what you are looking for.  The TV situation for sports isn't the best, but there are quite a few TV's and you should be able to catch the game from wherever you are seated.The outdoor patio/bar is a nice touch in Summer.
4	Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde.  Preacher Haggard/Twinkie TedWilliam Pen Tavern before 10 p.m. /after 10 p.m.Yes, there are two William Penn Taverns.  Two personalities.  One that is a local bar with a cast of characters hanging out, reading the paper, making jokes, all on a first name basis.  Good bar food.  The other is hormone fueled meat market kind of place for the under 25 crowd.  Anyway, both are fine institutions, depending on your flavor.  But make sure you pick the right one.  I'm personally in bed by 10.  I do like the "south jersey cheese steak" an awful lot.
3	The William Penn Tavern is just a good place to have a cheap, decent beer, some light bar food, and catch a Pittsburgh sports game.  The place is usually packed with sports fans for any Pirates, Penguins or Steelers game.  The three dollar signs are totally busted.  It should be one dollar sign.  I got two 12 oz microbrews, six hot wings and an entree for $16, which in my opinion is cheap as hell.The wings come in all kinds of varieties of sauces.  No matter what kind of flavor, they will be nestled in a pool of grease, I promise.  My personal favorite is the "Kitchen Sink" which has notes of chili, garlic, parmesean and maybe even Ginger.  Just the right amount of spice, and far more grease than necessary.  Hey, they're only 40 cents each on Tuesdays.Pass on the food, enjoy the atmosphere.  I sat at the bar in between a homeless Vietnam Vet (who counted out the 40 cent wings bill in change) and two Chinese engineers working on some big project for Carnegie Mellon, while Pirates fans all around shouted at the screen because their baseball team sucks.  My kinda clientele, basically.
4	Tuesday nights and I believe Saturday are 25 cent wings and dollar drafts. My friends and I hit this place up nearly every Tuesday when we were still in college. The crowd is mostly college kids due to its proximity to Carnegie Mellon.The kitchen sink wings are the best wings I have ever eaten in my life. They are made a little different each time. Sometimes they are nice and spicy, sometimes not so spicy. If you manage to get them spicy. savor the flavor. They are also really good when they aren't that hot but even better when they are nice and spicy. The waitresses are really nice and once you go there enough times, they just start bringing over trays of beer when it looks like you are getting low.  The chili cheese fries are also slathered with chili and cheese and are great if you just want to let loose and not worry about going to the bathroom multiple times the next morning. Actually, if pair the kitchen sink wings with the chili cheese fries, do plan on spending a little more time in the bathroom the next morning. I know I have. Multiple times. When the weather is nice, they open up the back porch so try and grab a table because pounding beers, eating wings and watching footbal couldn't be any better. I always stop by here whenever I travel back to Pittsburgh and I love it.
3	Felt like I was in a time warp.  Everyone new each others name.  Stopped by for a quick beer, sandwich and some wings.  Many customers know each other and were very friendly.  So was the staff.  Ran into someone I work with.  Holy Cow!  Wings were pretty good. Had a sausage hoagie and it was good.  Beer is pretty cheap.   Daily specials on food and beer.
2	Great food and normally great atmosphere, but today thus music was the nastiest hardcore rap that was just offensive. How many F-bombs can you realistically listen to while eating lunch and watching sports. Dropped 2 stars from what I would last night whenit used to be my favorite place in shadyside.
2	Weirdest nights ever.Wormhole tequila black-out.Too crowded/hot/cold.(b)
1	The waitress told us we had to leave our table right after we paid our bill (and tipped her generously) just because we hadn't ordered another drink. I have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life.
3	I usually hate this place, but yesterday they did let me bring in a bowl of pho and eat it while all my other friends ordered wings and beer, with minimal lip from the wait staff. So I guess there's that.
2	Probably the worst bar in Shadyside to go on Friday/Saturday nights. Waaay too crowded and loud. The clientele sucks - it's people in their mid to late-20's desperately trying to cling onto their college years by being loud and obnoxious. It does have a nice back patio that is heated during the winter and smoking is permitted, which is nice. If you are there on a week night, it might not be so bad.Drink prices aren't anything special and cocktails aren't that strong.I'd venture a guess that this is a good hang-out spot during sporting events. It feels very sports-bar oriented.I would say this is a good bar to go with a large drunk group, and that's it. If you are by yourself or in a small group, Cappy's or Mardi Gras would be much better IMO.
5	Anytime I'm in Pittsburgh I make a point to come here for kitchen sink (the most amazing wing sauce).Even after bad experiences here I will still always come back for that.
4	Love this place- my favorite bar in Shadyside. The staff are awesome and the foods great, too! Just your standard bar menu, but all of it hits the spot. Wings and sandwiches are my favorite. And who doesn't love tator-tots?! (One of their most popular sides)  Aside from the food, this is a great sports bar. Too many TV's to count, so you always have a great view.
4	Review base on wings n beer! Been here a couple of times now. I always seem to come when they have wings on special. Which works out great for me because I love wings, and their wings are so tasty! I particularly like the kitchen sink wings, but they have multiple yummy flavors. They are a great price and always have some kind of beer deal. Perfect lunch spot on Sunday. Service is ok, but they are always pretty busy place.
3	Haven't tried the wings yet, will try next time. Went there two days in a roll for drinks. Like the patio because it' s nice weather.
3	Great beer and food specials.  They had the Michigan game on too!
4	Are you looking for cheap beer (and possibly good wings) in Shadyside?  If so, then this is the place for you.  They have some of the best deals on pitchers and buckets (typically domestics), but if you are looking for a few drinks with a couple of friends, this is definitely your spot.  It's relaxed and doesn't typically get too crowded during the week, but even if it does, the bartenders will get everyone drinks quickly while still being friendly and fun.  The menu isn't too bad either, but in most cases, I only stick with the wings as it's definitely just bar food!
4	I absolutely love William Penn Tavern. My favorite spot is the outdoor bar mainly because the inside is very crowded. The bar tenders are so friendly and the drinks are strong. This is a go-to spot for me in Shady Side!
2	It's a sports bar... I've heard the wings were good, but the bad hip-hop was too loud to be worth staying for more than one glass
4	Wednesday night is wing night.  So I had to go with the Yuengling and wings.  Not terribly crowded or loud as others indicated.    Attentive service sitting in bar area.  Slightly limited menu, mostly sandwiches and a few salads, wings are the primary fare.
4	If you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a Pittsburgh flavor, this is your place.
4	If you're drunk get the kitchen sink wings and mac & cheese bites! Their fried zucchini is pretty good too :)
4	Fries: 5 stars Cheesesteak 5 starsno non alcoholic beer 0 starsLocation 4 starsInterior:  2 starsBonus points for service and longevity
3	Do you like sports, beer, and fried pub grub and sandwiches? How about Shadyside? Answering yes to these questions would probably mean you already know about the Tav, but should you not, this might be your place. Admittedly, it's not one of my regular spots, but I'll submit that when an occasion calls for multiple screens of sports, copious amounts of food and booze, and a energetic atmosphere, the Tavern hits the spot.
3	A typical sports bar in Shadyside. I've only been here once a couple years ago, but from what I remember the beer selection was pretty good, and the quality of the food is about par. To be honest, I prefer watching the game elsewhere, hence why I haven't been back. However, I'd recommend a stop-in sometime to see if the place and vibe tickle your fancy.
4	Bombbbbbbbbb A wings.  Cheap and tasty how we like it. Nice bartenders and speedy service. Decent beer specials. Only thing it's missing is a pinball machine.  Definitely will make this a regular spot!
4	Ok, I'm joining the band wagon too...  I love the kitchen sink wings!  To be honest, I never even heard of such a thing.  I was expecting it to be a platter of wings with random food on top of it.  I would have ate that too.  The kitchen sink wings were absolutely delicious.  The wings were piping hot, amazing flavor.  You got your spicy, little sweet, and Parmesan cheese all mixed up in there.  Lots of flavor!  I devoured them.  I came here during lunch, only a few folks at the bar. I liked the atmosphere, definitely a sports place.   The prices are very reasonable.  Great amazing service, good beer and the most delicious wings I have ever consumed in my life.  I'm dead serious.Even if you're just visiting the area, stop by.  I'm sure glad I did.
3	Typical sports bar with great wings! Kitchen Sink Wings were $.50 each the night we went. The fried zucchini was great as well (more breading then zucchini, but it doesn't matter after a few beers). We also tried the nachos and tater tots, which were fine. Service was great! They also have daily beer specials.
4	Those stars are for the wings! If your not ordering wings don't come. I haven't tried everything on the menu buttttttt the nachos are skimpy and salty and those Mac and cheese bites are nothing but Kraft boxed Mac and cheese, no thank you. Oh and extra ranch is 75 cent and comes in a little cup smh... But wings are delicious and great price...
