4	I tried their banana cream pie gelato today and was presently surprised. It was homemade and absolutely delicious! However, I asked for a medium, and the girl behind the counter seemed to be confused. I ended up getting a little baby scoop for $2.40. I recommend getting 2 scoops... don't go by the "small," "medium," and "large" sizes they have listed above. Just say 2 scoops. It's worth it.
3	Not bad. It's got nothing on real Italian gelato, but it's cool to have another option close by. I think they need to be more generous with the mix-ins... my son's black raspberry truffle cone had three Junior Mint-sized pieces of chocolate-raspberry candy in the whole cone. My mint chip had about five chips. And also, since you can't see the ice cream / gelato from the window, it's hard to figure out some of the flavors. What is "Dusty Road"? Is it like Rocky Road, but with ground instead of chopped nuts?
1	My visit to Carini's today, was a HUGE waste of my time and my money. This place was infinitely better as a Bruster's. I attempted to order coffee flavor, as listed on the menu. They didn't have any. So I ordered a chocolate shake. Safe enough, right? This had to be the most incredibly bland, tasteless, milkshake I've ever had. Even the fast food clown has a better shake. Seeing that Nathan's fare was so prominently displayed on the menu and building signage, I ordered some yummy Nathan's krinkle-cut fries. The ones that are crisp on the outside, and soft in the middle. When I got home, there were fries in the container, but they most certainly were NOT Nathan's fries. Honestly, they looked and tasted like any generic frozen fries from a grocery store. BLECH! I will not be spending my money here again!
4	Unlike the newer ice cream stands nearby, Carini's is much more wallet friendly. Very tasty fat free/sugar free offerings like moose tracks and butter pecan. This is the former Bruster's that sits between the Dormont Pool and Banksville plaza. They have many flavors of regular ice cream and gelato, sherbet and Italian ices, and some thing called an Iceburgh, which sounds like a cool combination of Italian ice and ice cream.The girls who work there are ultra -friendly, and helpful. it's a local place and I always like to go to a business with roots here rather than a DQ or other chain.
4	Carini's is a good place to go get some tasty Ice Cream. I don't know where the negativity of other reviews comes from I have had nothing but good experiences here. They also have Gelato which I think is very good. Another thing they have that I have never seen before is a Pretzel cone, I am not a big fan. IT is to brittle and crumbles apart with every bite. But they have the standard cones as well, including waffle cones. I like that I never have to wait long in line to get a cone and that there is way more parking than the DQ up the road.
