4	A straight man...in a gay bar. My friends ponder this question every time I go to a place like this. They think that just by walking through the door you become a card carrying lesbian, and you know what, I'm glad.The general narrow mindedness of people keeps the "lads" out of this place, leaving nothing but the friendliest people in the world. I think alot of girls come here to just so they don't get hit on by guy's and can dance in peace.This place is just chilled out, i've never seen a fight or anyone even raising there voice. The drinks are expensive, but you're paying extra for a hassle free night.
3	It feels like The Street has been around for ages, however I do have a feeling it's been one of those bars that's changed its name a couple of times...anyway, irrelevant, since I'm loving a bit of East End loitering (in a good way) at the moment, The Street is in prime position for my drinking needs, on the corner between the very cool Broughton Street and Picardy Place.The Street is deceptively big, with what seems like just a small bar at the front stretching through to more tables at the back, with a basement bar and dancefloor downstairs. The Street is in Edinburgh's gay quarter, and seems to attract a mixed crowd, who are as equally up for partying here as they are for some chill time. The inside is polished and good looking, and the bar space next to the tall windows at the front of the bar mean you can perch, drink a cocktail with major zing (the tequila in the Long Island Iced Tea...wow) and people watch, three of my favourite things and activities. There's also free Wi-Fi, and a decent menu, with food served until 9pm.
4	I had no idea The Street was a gay bar. I was enticed by the high stools in the window offering prime people watching opportunities and the bar bites advertised on the board. I suppose it should have been clear that this was a gay bar, as Stuart points out there is a distinct lack of lads and footie banter going on. Thank goodness for that!The drinks are fine and reasonable priced, but I used to enjoy stopping in here for some bar food on the way home when I couldn't be bothered to cook. It is the standard bar menu but the welcoming surroundings and relaxed atmosphere make it much more enjoyable.
4	Whiskey and ginger beer were on my mind from the second I hopped on the train to Edinburgh. When I arrived 5 hours later, I was in dire need. (Ginger Beer was optional at that point.) And there, on the way to my hotel like a glorious glowing whiskey heaven beckoning me in by Saint Ginger Beer, was The Street. However my hunger immediately took over as it always does, and like the whiny little brat my stomach is, there would be no whiskey until it was fed. So I walked into the Street nearly raging in h-anger and asked for a recommendation for a local restaurant, promising to come back for a tipple or seven.The staff was exceptionally friendly and without missing a beat, immediately pointed me to one of the most divine Thai restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of eating in. (Edinburgh + Thai Food? Who'da thunk, right?!). All I could think of while devouring my food was how thankful I was for the guys at The Street and how impressed I was by their taste in Thai food!  So of course I went back and had that whiskey. And another... couple. I think Ginger Beer was involved, but I can't be sure. Amazing staff. Convenient location. Great taste in local grub. Whiskey. Ginger Beer. And a gay bar apparently? All I know is that gay or straight, The Street was an absolutely ideal introduction to Edinburgh. ...And that's not just the whiskey talkin'!
4	Apparantly this is a gay bar?! I've been here twice prior to GHQ and it just seemed a normal, friendly bar.  The unique think about The Street is that it's peaceful without being boring.  The decor has a smooth, contemporary and relaxed feel to it and, as a result, makes you feel a bit more sophisticated than you actually are (I found that, at least).  The bar staff are all efficient and their friendly manner is certainly fitting with the overall mood of the place.  The drinks, however, are quite expensive and I probably wouldn't plan to drink here for a heavy session prior to a night out.  The Street is worthy of 'nights with integrity' and gives a great, chilled out atmosphere in which to enjoy yourself.
3	I might be a bit cynical here, but I'm of the mind that the friendly punters Stuart encountered in here may well have had more sordid, ulterior motives hiding behind their nonthreatening demeanour. I used to work in a pub in the Merchant City in Glasgow and can confirm that just because a chap likes Kylie Minogue and decorative cushions, it doesn't mean he won't be equally as sleazy and lecherous as a 50 year old suit stumbling around a student club.The Street isn't like this at all during the week, when it just feels like a normal pub but with Big Brother on the screens instead of the football, but come the weekend, it gets quite a bit seedier. No worse than anywhere else mind you.
4	The is a well run pub, right on the corner, right at the beginning of Leith Walk/Street. It gets the people who go to George Street and the People who go to Leith Walk. The menu is good but there is a lack of sit down tables to eat at, just high tables and stools, (unless you eat outside).The lounge area downstairs has a bar that opens up later on, and there's a DJ that starts playing from around nine 'til one in the morning. The prices are typical Edinburgh city centre, i.e. not cheap. They have a good selection of beers and the bar staff are very efficient.I've been here a few times now and the only tip that I'd pass on is not to sit on the couch on the far wall because there is a psychodelic lava lamp spotlight that will shine in your eyes all night in a totally unforgiving way.The music that the DJ plays is good dance mixes of favourite tunes, as well as some classic R & B stuff.
3	I popped in here for a pre diner drink. It's somewhere I used to end up a lot for after work drinks, but thats going back a few years.The atmosphere and feel of the place hasn't changed, and the bar staff are friendly and its not too busy on a weeknight. I had a couple of drinks here, and sta it one of the booths in the back, def more comfortable than some of the cube seats downstairs. I just had a couple of spirits and mixers, but I did notice that they have cocktail offers during the week, so I  would ask about that first the next time as my memory tells me they do good ones.The Street is a pre club sort of a place, but one of the nicest pubs in this stretch of town, I much prefer it to the Omni Street blandness and the Outhouse round the corner. It wasn't too expensive either.
