5	Excellent! I come here at least twice a week. Love the berry agave bar.
4	Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal and Strawberries Wild first thing in the morning can be the rocket fuel that gets me through half the day. I got burned out on Starbucks and decided to start stopping here. I've enjoyed it ever since. Service can be frustrating though. I went in one morning at 7:15 and the guy was just starting to make the oatmeal and he didn't tell me until after I ordered. It takes Jamba Juice 45 min to make their oatmeal is what I learned later, so this guy must have thought I was going to sit there for 45 min? Uh, no. He got read the lite version of the riot act for that problem. My point here is for breakfast if you don't see the oatmeal steaming behind the counter, your morning person is having some issues. Buy something else, plan accordingly. But when you get Scott or some of the others working at this location it will be fast, hot, and damn good. 4 Stars - Consistently good food, and usually good service. Oh and they know how to make wheat grass shots and not take forever to do it.
4	I wasn't offered the extra smoothie at the bottom of the blender.  I would have given this place 5 stars if they did.  I don't like seeing food go to waste, especially something as delicious as their smoothies!
4	Not too many Jamba's around Las Vegas, but I managed to re-route my destination (work) to come by for a nice one.I stopped by around 7am and there was no one.  I even thought they were closed.  Yanked the door and it was open.  Yay! I made two orders, mango a gogo and peach pleasure.  Smoothies were made fast and fresh.  Worker even offered me a cup holder which made it easier to take into work.  Def will come back since it's not too far off my route to work.
4	I love the smoothies that they serve here. The location is convenient, store looks clean, but not a fan of the service. The guy presents with no smile and talks to you like you're incompetent
5	This Jamba Juice is next door to my gym.  This place has to get a lot of business because of their location to the gym.  Place is clean, service was outstanding, and the pricing was good as well.  I like walking into a place and be greeted with a smile.  That makes a difference to me.  Anyhow, I made a promise to a friend that if we had a good workout, I would buy the smoothies.  It wasn't that busy when we walked in and made our order, sat outside on the curb for a few minutes.  I think that I may become a regular on the day that I can have my carb-feed.
4	Came in because I had a groupon. 6$ for 12$ worth of smoothies. The place was slow. I was the only customer in the store. The employee was quick and attentive.I picked up a medium acai super antioxidant $5.49 for myself.Got a large banana berry smoothy $5.59 for the girlfriend. Two smoothies for a total of $11.98. Seems a bit steep but I only paid $6 and $1 for the tip so not too expensive.The acai smoothy is tasty. I can feel my oxidants being antied as I write this!
