2	Dear Safeway, I know you can give better service than what I received today.Normally this Safeway is ok for getting some groceries after visiting the US Bank inside of the store, but today not so. I had some e-coupons and was taking advantage of some of Safeway's weekly sales. At the register I presented the e-coupons, along with the in-store coupons & the cashier couldn't get the e-coupons to scan, she started talking about how there are so many scams with the e-coupons they have to be careful and do I still want the groceries anyway? She wanted me to buy the groceries then stand in line at customer service and get a refund; I told her that I would cancel the order, so she transferred my order up to customer service. After I wait my turn, the customer service cashier tries to scan with no luck, I asked her to ask the manager, when she returned she let me know that her manager said no to taking the coupons (I had to request them back from her); I canceled the order, my child cried because the order contained treats for her, I cried in the parking lot for the lost time, embarrassment & frustration.I then went to Wal-Mart on Lindsay and McKellips they price matched Safeway's sales and others so I shopped for more than the original order at Safeway, at the register the kid scanned all of the e-coupons on the 1st try!
4	I feel a little silly reviewing a Safeway, but there is something about this store that I love. Maybe it's because it reminds me of grocery shopping with my mom every week when I was little...I don't know.I haven't shopped in a large supermarket for quite some time but since we moved nearby it's just more convenient. Prices are pretty good and I have the Safeway app so for additional savings (you can add Web coupons to your shopper card). This location is never busy so they usually only have one or two lanes open. Sometimes that can get backed up but I have never waited more than 5 minutes.
3	I like the store, but the Starbucks this morning was out of coffee because the water wasn't working.  You have got to be kidding me. You are in a grocery store...get some gallons of water...make some coffee. Unacceptable.
2	First off I would just like to say that Safeway is my favorite grocery store. Some say that it is pricey but quality is what matters most in my family. Ok so this Safeway has NO ethnic hair or skin products. However, this is not true for other Safeway's that I have been to (and Walmart's and Fry's for that matter). This is in a pretty diverse area of town! White's, Blacks, Hispanics and Asians alike! This may not matter to most people but when you go to a market you'd expect them to be open to the things you need. Also, the bathrooms are dirty and a cashier named Wanda was just plain crabby. I drove to another Safeway and got my hair pomade as normal. I won't be returning to this store.
3	Was heading to a friend's house for a get together and needed to stop and pick up some booze.  This was conveniently located a few blocks from his place.  They have reasonable prices here and the store is very clean.  It was an easy shopping experience.Tip - if you need to use the restrooms here, you need to get an access code from the cashier.  There's an electronic lock on the door and you can't get in without it.Return Factor - 50%
2	Although I'm able to save some decent money by shopping here, I only do so because it's my nearest grocery store. I absolutely despise shopping at this location. Never more than two lanes open while the lines of customers continually back up into the aisles...No self check-out lanes...Employees too afraid to say, "Look, you've got 73 items. This lane is for express check-out of 15 items or less."And what's with the employee named Kenton? I went in this morning to purchase a few Valley Metro passes. I approached the customer service desk where I heard him say, "Damn! Somebody won." He told me I couldn't buy any passes because nobody would be in until 8 o'clock. Well then, Kenton...what the hell were you doing behind the customer service desk scanning your lottery tickets?????If there were a more feasible option, trust me - I'd use it.
2	Sorry Safeway...after my experience today I have to deduct some stars.I ran in to pick up a couple items. I know what I need and don't want a doing cart. Where are all the flippin' baskets? None at the entrance I came in at, none at the registers, none on the other side of the store. Are you powerwashing them (all at once)? More than likely you have gotten rid of them so your shoppers get a cart and end up putting more in their baskets (the old "larger shopping basket" scheme). Well, well, well Safeway...your plan backfired and I bought less than I intended, just because I didn't want a damn cart.Hope to see those baskets back again soon.
1	Down to 1 measly star now. I see you've gotten rid of shopping baskets - allegedly under the guise of limiting shoplifting. What you've done however, is limit SHOPPING. I usually know what I need and can make it through the aisles grabbing my items quickly. Of course, due to the fact there's usually only two lanes open, check-out is where things bog down. Now, with shopping carts being the only option, check-out slows to an absolute crawl. I'm not going to fill my cart with more groceries simply because it's the only option you now offer. In fact, quite the opposite. I bought less than what I had wanted my last visit and I expect that trend to continue - if I continue to shop there at all.
1	Stay away from the Starbucks in this store. I have visited this store frequently to get coffee and or oatmeal only because it's close to my job. I am constantly disappointed. Either my oatmeal doesn't have enough water to cover all of the oats or the tea leaks all over my car or the lattes never taste like they do at Starbucks. In addition to the fact that they always understaffed and it takes forever to get your order. It is totally worth the drive and the time to just go to one of the Starbucks in the area.
2	I have in what this city is known as M-Power with SRP. This is the closest location most near to my home. I normally shop at Frys or Wal- Mart neighborhood market. My reason for not shopping at a store I go to regularly to purchase power???? LINES, Lines,and more Lines. With no self check out machines and 11 people standing in line on a regular day to day basis; I simply dont shop here anymore.   Considering the neighborhoods to the West, North, and East are mostly middle to upper middle class. I have no idea why this has such a high crime element hanging around. The panhandling and shoplifting are more common at this location than not.  One thing that may help is not having a dark parking lot. The Parking lot in front of the store is so dark. I will not come here after dark. I hope this review will come to the attention to some corporate big wig that can meet with the property management of this location and clean up the integrity of the Safeway Brand.
4	I love this store and I save money with "just for U" and I also save on gas at the pump(chevron only I guess).. I like how I often find what I want as the aisles are more accessible. The only side track is they need to open more check out lanes, having only two lanes open makes we the customers waste too much time at a grocery store..( people are too busy for that). .And of course they have what I always watch out for at every grocery stores!  "Cleanliness"!! I can't stand a dirty store because, who wants to get food poisoning or bacteria? (Nobody) So I give this store all these stars cos they earn it.. And I ONLY give stars to those who EARN it.
