5	Great commiunication and cheapest rates I called about 10 other offices and they were really expensive. Adele was great and kept me form. Will recommend anybody .
5	We are so incredibly thankful for Tara Newberry and her team.  It is difficult to convey in words how much Tara has done to assist us in going through short sale mediation.  First, she is one of the most ethical attorneys we have ever met.  Our initial consultation resulted in us completely understanding the process of short sale in Nevada, to include the many new and changed laws.  Tara spoke with us in detail and provided analysis of our situation, to include her professional advice and options. Our meeting wasn't about her; she was refreshingly focused on us and our situation. We never felt pressured to retain her; however, we knew after speaking with her for a short time how professional, competent, and capable she was.  Throughout the mediation and short sale process, she has been there for us.  Her office staff-- to include her office manager Adele-- is truly amazing.  Adele has been impeccable in organizing the vast amount of paper work needed, and she answered emails and questions sometimes minutes after they were generated.  We always felt like she was there to help us without passing any judgment, and if she didn't have an answer right away, she found out and got back to us.  Representing us at the mediation conference, Tara thoughtfully and carefully, found errors that the bank had made, to include not having the documentation they needed to pursue any actions on our part.  Had we not had her representation at the meeting, we would have never appreciated that the bank had not done their due diligence in presenting documents.  I just wonder how many other people go through mediation not aware that the bank has not followed procedure and processes.  I am sure there are many.  If you find yourself in the position where you need to short sale your home, Tara is your gal.  In fact, if you find you need an attorney for anything, I would recommend you see her first.  Caring and extremely competent, Tara has enabled us to retain our dignity and change our lives for the better.
5	I am very grateful to Tara Newberry for her excellent representation of me in my foreclosure mediation. Tara was recommended to me by a Deputy Attorney General who was on special assignment to prosecute illegal/predatory mortgage lending practices. I am a lawyer in a different area of practice so I think I probably had especially high expectations when hiring my own lawyer. She exceeded them. Tara is knowledgeable, trustworthy, aggressive yet professional and has achieved great results for me so far. Her staff is very competent and goes the extra mile. I would highly recommend Tara as a lawyer.
