5	EXCELLENT service...Every 10 weeks this place does a sale (including this weekend that I'm writing this review) where you can get 2 massages for 32 dollars. 16 bucks per person for an hour long massage. The atmosphere is nice when you're in the back, the students are well trained, and the price is very much worth it.Will definitely go back.
4	If you're needing a good cheap rub down and you're leery of those Asian massage joints like I am (what if I don't want a happy ending?), this is the place to go.  Every few weeks they do a 2-for-1 special and you get an hour long massage for $16!  Granted, it is a hit or miss because these are students and you may be their first guinea pig.   Naturally you won't get the calming ambiance, eucalyptus aroma, and plush robe like you'd get at Encore spa. They bring you into this dimly lit room where everyone is separated by curtains.  You may get the person next to you who moans and groans a little too loud.  On my first visit, I got a girl who was so skinny that I could break in half so when I said I wanted a lot of pressure, it felt like I was being tickled by a feather.  On my next visit, I got this butch woman who pressed down so hard I thought she was going to break her table.  She was phenomenal and I was her first client ever.  Keep in mind, they are students so try to give constructive feedback.  It's a gamble -  but if you have that creak in your neck that won't go away, it is well worth it for $16!  And gratuities are not accepted!
5	This place is great especially when it's 2 for 1. 32 for 1 hour is a great deal... All my  experiences at this place were all good except for one, but that was my first massage. Now I know what to ask for.
5	this place is great! excellent service, friendly staff and well trained students. if you ask your student practitioner for specific bodywork they are trained in giving you what you are looking for. nsmt has $7 off coupons found in the paper, so an hour massage with a coupon for ONLY $25! and if you really enjoy your experience, because they are students you can leave tip on the table before you leave ;) next 2 for 1 is on saturday, may 7 and sunday may 8, 2011 go between 8-5:30. enjoy your massage!
1	Horrible!!! The person massaging me was obviously a smoker! Ew, how much can u relax with tobacco aroma? Besides that, my friend told me the person massaging her was asking inappropriate questions, getting too personal, and dropping the F word every other sentence! I will never go back there again. You're better off paying a little extra and enjoying yourself rather than waiting to get out!
4	Came here on a whim and happened to land on the 2 for 1 day!  16$ for a 50 min massage who can complain.  Only thing that sucks is theres a long wait for when that happens.  Approximately  1 hour and 45 mins till i could get mine.  BUT i was the guy who sat around the whole time.  You're free to walk out and get some food while you wait.   The staff seemed very friendly and helpful.  I'll admit being a guy i was a little disappointed when i had a guy in his 60's come out to give me a massage but hey what are ya gonna do.   i paid 16 bucks :/  The guy gave me pointers on how to stretch out my muscles better and the massage was just fine.  I'll definitely come back here again soon.
3	i'm not reviewing the massage services, but rather the massage education.  I am a graduate of this school.having never been to las vegas, i was welcomed by the friendly staff here and moved from boston, ma for the top-notch education i received. i was pleasantly surprised at first, everyone was very professional, and spoke very highly of their careers as Massage Therapists.  this is the number one accredited school in the country in its field, we got the best education possible - especially with cadaver labs, something else no other schools offered at the time.  however,  student housing is a farce.  absolutely a waste of time and money, just get your own apartment and save yourself the stress.  also, the staff changes as much as madonna's wardrobe. your favorite teacher or TA might not be there next week. with the high turnover, it is very frustrating for the next one to take the position to pick up a class halfway through the semester and continue to teach without doubling over a lesson or two,  which has to be as frustrating for the administration as it is for the students.  i started my class with 54 students.  we graduated 22.  they have streamlined the process of creating cookie cutter massage therapists and throwing them out into the job market making promises of huge money and easily paid back student loans, not to mention the 'guaranteed job placement' which is the biggest crock of shit, they dont  have any job placement. they should be more honest in the application process, some people are just not meant for this kind of atmosphere.  of the 22 graduates in my class,  i know of about half of them that are still practicing massage,  I have been quite successful and i am still paying off student loans, about two or three years left.  however, i got an excellent education. i learned more modalities than any other school offers without having to take CEU's. i learned to be passionate about bodywork, the proper body mechanics, and promotion and marketing myself.  i made quality friends and professional acquaintances, and excellent references I know i can count on.  its a coin toss on this one, do your research before choosing a school.
4	I woke up with a horrible pain in my right shoulder, and needing a massage that wasn't going to break the bank (think any of the major casino spas) I checked this place out.It was $32 for an hour with one of the students. I only had to wait about 5 minutes on a saturday morning. Remember this isnt a fancy spa, so you get the massages in a large room seperated with cloth dividers. I really dont care if I hear a moan or breathing from other people, but the cell phones do bother me. Some young girl's phone kept going off, and after the massage I confronted her and told her it was rude. Definitely not the establishment's fault, just some 17 year old girl being a brat. There is a no cellphone sign, but maybe they could tell people when they check in at the front desk to mute phones.The massage was decent... 7/10. I had told the student my shoulder hurt but she ended up doing a full body massage, maybe it was all she knew. As I was leaving, they offered me another hour for only $16 dollars, which I took!And WOW! was I glad. The second student was a 5'4'' asian girl who felt like a 250lb 6'4'' NFL linebacker when she massaged me. 9.5/10 It was -exactly- what I needed. She listened to me before the massage and spent the entire hour working my shoulders and neck. I'm sitting here feeling glorious writing this review.In all, I'd definitely recommend blocking out 2 hours of your time, as for me, the first massage was like a warm up. As this is Vegas and everything is a roll of the dice, if you don't love your first massage make sure you have time to try another student.I will be back.
5	Excellent experience! No frills massage at a great price. I injured my back at work yesterday and needed a deep tissue massage focusing just in my back and shoulders . I got exactly what I asked for.  It wouldn't have been any better at a fancy spa ... Just more expensive. I'll definitely be back.
3	This place is still hit and miss. Remember the therapists are students and you are paying cheap rates for them to practice or earn their experience hours on you. Sometimes I get a green student with less than 10 massages, but I've also had a few that was close to graduating. Another thing to note is if you go on the 2 for 1 weekends, the wait could be at least an hour depending on what time you and your friend show up. In the summer, it's more uncomfortable because they blast thenAC and its freezing under that thin sheet they have over you.
5	Took my husband here for a couples massage. I was originally lost and called the office I was provided with friendly service and clear directions to find the suite number. Once arrived we were greeted. This was my husbands first massage ever and the therapist made him feel at ease and explained step by step what she was doing. I must also add that we got a great price because I had a groupon. Our 80 minute massages only cost $25.
4	so, I was a past student here. so I go back get a massage and eval students..We had no wait this past Saturday. I always request a female therapist, try to get someone who is more advanced into the program. They have learned to use all their tools. Hands, knuckles, elbow, forearm. and Stretching.! I cant say that its a hit or miss. Just hope that the student you are receiving a massage from ENJOYS what they are doing. Ending the massage in Cranial Sacral Therapy is perfect. Good way to close it out.Now if you prefer to keep all clothes on .. no problem!!!Get. acupressure (similar to acupuncture, just no needles)or Shiatsu is a good one too.Give the place a try! its $32 regularlyand some days they even have 2-4-1's but those days will have a much longer wait, get your best bang for your buck
3	First, let me say I don't like massages.  However, the other 3 people with me do like them and thought they were fantastic.
5	Today, I received a mediocre massage at an over-priced spa on the east coast, and I realized that I needed to write a long-overdue review for NSMT b/c seriously, I have received massages from all over the world, and no one gives them better than the students at the Nevada School of Massage Therapy.  Perhaps b/c they're trying to learn, not in it for the profit - but, even their worst massages make one feel like they made a real effort to identify the problem areas and work at them.  The staff is always friendly and the price is unbeatable.  Looking forward to getting a *real* massage this weekend at NSMT, when I go home to Vegas!
1	Bad experience. I got some young dude, who was nice enough, but the massage was terrible. I asked him to use more pressure, several times, but gave up as he seemed to be trying and just not getting it. It was like a fly had landed on me. The lotion he used gave me a weird rash for about two weeks. I've never gotten a rash from anything, so it makes me wonder what the Hell could've been in it?  My husband didn't get a rash, but his skin is tough. When you get there they send you to a waitingroom full of people,  like a classroom. Everyone is sitting at tables, under fluorescent lights, just kind of zoning out. We left, got something to eat and came back, with time to spare. My husband didn't like his massage either. The girl was nice but she was a little needy and talked too much. She talked to him about her life and her kids and how she was trying to figure out what move to make next, etc. he felt like it was a counseling session for her. He said the massage was okay.
5	I get massages about 2-3 times a month at professional places and some of the Asian foot massage places because of my lupus.  Today I was a little short on funds so decided to check out this school.  $32 for a hour and I was blown away.  I got a nice young lady named Allanah (sp) and she was much better then any professional therapist I've ever been to.  I'm going to be back, definitely to get her info so when she's done with school I can see her at whatever office is lucky enough to hire her.  Beginning to end 100% professional, nothing was rushed, she made sure to ask about pressure, and made you feel comfortable.  I defiantly recommend this place, and $32 for a hour is a great price.
