5	I heard about Uptown Car Service from a colleague who swears by them - so when I needed transportation one particularly important night, I gave them a call. What separates Uptown from every one of their competitors is their professionalism and service. Absolutely top notch in every way: Courteous, helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and most importantly, trustworthy. After all, a driver has my life and the lives of my loved ones in their hands. This is not a simple ride to/from the airport. Every single detail is meticulously perfected. Let me put it this way: If you just need to get somewhere, take the bus. If you want a cheap ride in a filthy car, call a cab. But if you want to feel safe, appreciated and even pampered by true professionals who obviously recognize the importance of service, call Uptown.
5	I heard about Uptown Car Service from a colleague who swears by them - so when I needed transportation one particularly important night, I gave them a call. What separates Uptown from every one of their competitors is their professionalism and service. Absolutely top notch in every way: Courteous, helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and most importantly, trustworthy. After all, a driver has my life and the lives of my loved ones in their hands. This is not a simple ride to/from the airport. Every single detail is meticulously perfected.Let me put it this way: If you just need to get somewhere, take the bus. If you want a cheap ride in a filthy car, call a cab. But if you want to feel safe, appreciated and even pampered by true professionals who obviously recognize the importance of service, call Uptown.
5	I just found Uptown online and have used them about five times to and from the airport.  The cars and SUVs are spotless and the drivers are very professional.  It's not much more than a cab fare for us from North Scottsdale and an infinitely better experience.
5	I'm using Uptown for both my Thanksgiving and Christmas transportation needs to the airport.  Not from the airport, as I sometimes can change plans fairly whimsically on the return trip.My experience overall with them has been very good.  The only difficulty I had was getting them to pre-charge my card.  I know, it's an unusual request.  But I'm a budgeter/planner and to me part of having the stress out of the way was to charge everything, including the tip to the card, so it was paid and done.  But once I followed up, they did it.  And I thank them for that.Now for the actual service of picking me up.  It was perfect.  My driver was neat, polite and a few minutes early.  I received a text and no pressure to hurry up (I was running a few minutes late, of course.)  The car was impeccable and there was even a bottle of water waiting for me in the back.  We got to the airport on time, no issues and the driver was completely professional and courteous.  Yes, it was about $30 more than a cab with gratuity.  But the piece of mind of knowing someone courteous was going to show up on time and make it low stress for you?  Priceless.
