5	Oh happy day I get to be the first to review this fabulous eatery. I can't quite figure Vallier out. It's in Old Montreal which you would think would draw tourists but I haven't seen too many every time I've been there.The space has high ceilings, big windows, cozy tables or a diner style counter to enjoy some of the best food in Montreal at. I love a good counter.The menu is just big enough for variety but small enough to be executed perfectly every time. Gourmet burgers, meat loaf with fois gras (seriously?), mac n' cheese with sharp cheddar, duck shepard's pie, roast beef and the list goes on.The duck salad (with beets, warm potato, greens and raspberry vinaigrette) is quite possibly my favorite meal in Montreal (so far). Staff is friendly and really knowledgeable about the menu. The last time I was there the bartender (an adorable, bilingual little guy) described so many items from the menu that I had to take a deep breath and not order one of everything.Regular rotation of wines by the glass on the chalkboard near the kitchen. Oh and the kitchen - small and proudly displayed at the end of the bar - it appears to be a well oiled machine that churns out beautiful food to every plate. Great for a date, after work, closed on Sundays so don't fight your way through the snow only to be heart broken.Bring the foodie in your life here and watch them fall in love.
4	What a great find!  Vallier is very well priced for the quality of the food and the service and was just a few blocks away from my hotel without being too tourist-y.  Before visiting, I was picturing a true diner-type atmosphere but was pleasantly surprised at  the chic interior - a little retro in keeping with the theme, but very sleek and elegant with tall windows and warm fixtures.The menu has been very thoughtfully compiled and though it is relatively small, there is something for everyone - fantastic comfort food like steak tartare, duck shepherd's pie, macaroni and cheese with bacon - I had a difficult time choosing, but our server was very helpful in pointing us toward his favorite items and he was absolutely right!  I had scallops over parsnips and fennel with bacon and maple topped with asparagus - they were cooked just perfectly; I couldn't have asked for anything better.  I also tried the wild game meatloaf with porto foie gras... wow.  I'm also a fan of the fries with homemade mayo - OK, mostly the homemade mayo!Along with a nice wine list, there are several good microbrews available and though I didn't make it all the way to dessert, there were some delicious offerings - I was very tempted by the chocolate maple pie (among several other things).  Vallier was really an excellent experience, and a much better value than many other restaurants in Old Montreal.
5	This place was decribed by our concierge at the W Montreal as Quebecois comfort food.  It exceeded all my expectations.  The macaroni and cheese was delicious and complex.  The gazpacho, satay marinated shrimp, rosemary cressini & roquette salad was so good, I almost wished it was meal sized.  They also have local cider (cidre) available, and there was one called Perle which I liked better than most I have tried in Canada.  You don't find many tourists in Vallier, which is a nice change from the area it's in, and you can't go wrong with anything you pick out from the menu.
5	Great food at a reasonable price!American food with a french-twist. I think I had almost everything on the menu and I liked everything. Great burgers(they are not normal burgers no)! YUM YUMTry it if you are in the area - definitely one of the better places to eat.
3	If you're looking for Canadian comfort food, then this is your place. Was looking for a modestly priced place for dinner that wasn't too scene-y. They have things like mac-and-cheese with bacon (note Canadian bacon, not American style), steak, burgers and more. The mashed potatoes I had with my steak were just okay, not creamy and buttery enough. But my chocolate ice cream for dessert was tasty. Please also note that families like to come here, so if you're not in the mood for kids, you may want to come here on the later side. It's a solid place, but not mindblowing.
4	I just can't get enough of their Nicoise Salad. And their fries and desserts are great. Need I say more!!
1	After being recommended by the W Montreal concierge, myself and my husband tried Vallier out over the weekend. We were excited to try it out after seeing a great menu online filled with comfort food. We were going to the hockey game in Montreal at 7:00 so we made a 4:00 dinner reservation for an early dinner before the game. We arrived early and decided to sit at the bar for a drink before eating, we told the maitre d that we were there for our DINNER reservation. After having a few drinks we told the bartender we would just eat at the bar and asked for a menu. He handed us a paper printout with FOUR items on it, he said it was a limited menu until 5:00. None of which we wanted and none of which were on the menu online.I understand if they have a limited menu before 5, but knowing that we were there for dinner and letting us sit there and wait for our dinner reservation AND THEN tell us that we have a choice of four items was rude. We asked if we could just order the Mac and Cheese, we were greeted with a quick NO. No explination, just No.We asked for the check and left.After realizing that there were no decent restaurants in the area after the game, we decided to go back because my husband really had his heart set on the Mac and Cheese with Bacon. We order the mac and cheese, french onion soup and the buffalo wings. The mac and cheese was EASY MAC, no taste and watery. The french onion soup and buffalo wings were OK, nothing great.I don't see what the attraction is with this place and would never recommend it to anyone I know. Besides the food being mediocre, the staff was unfriendly and rude.
3	Hopped in here for our late lunch because Le Cartet's kitchen was closed. I had the Mac n' Cheese with Bacon, which great in its simplicity: no fancy-schmancy cheeses, truffles, foie gras, crab, or any of that foo-foo crap -- just orange sauce, elbow mac, and big ol' chunks of savory bacon. Mmm-mmm latch-key kid memories. That said, it wasn't worth $17. That's a lot for orange sauce mac & cheese, no matter how good it is.My husband had a burger with swiss; though the meat was dry, the buttery bun was sufficiently toasty and held up well to the weight of toppings without getting soggy. i like that it came with fries AND salad, so you don't have to go all Sophie's Choice between the two. To sum up: it's good but not worth a special trip -- though I love the 40's diner-esque vibe of the decor.
3	I would give it 2 1/2 really on food quality.  It's Montreal  I want tasty French food my friend checked tripadvisor instead of taking the concierge recommendations or checking YELP?!.  Boo!! Hiss! terrible! the waitress was ok nice, my pinot was smoking loon eh (what $10 bottle retail right)... This is just to give you an idea of what people here think is good.  I had the calamari eh... and a chicken salad I hadn't eaten all day and its 8pm I'm angry hungry and this was barely edible.  The bread is sustaining my spoiled butt until I find something better tomorrow!!!I didn't like my chicken salad because it seemed confused.  it was a guacamole salsa cold chicken breast salad with grapefruit.  I imagined a citrus dressing with the grapefruit but I think it was literally mayonaise?! not sure what you call mayo in French but I say NON!NON! no good. Go elsewere Montreal is known for restaurants right... Bonne chance!
3	Was stunned when on my last visit they had removed the Salad Nicoise from the menu. This also removes my #1 reason for eating at Vallier!
5	This restaurant was amazing. If you go anywhere near this place eat here. Don't think of anywhere else to eat. The prices here were reasonable, the service was good too but the thing that surprised me was the decor. I think this place is a good place for kids to eat (7 and above) lower not good choices. Overall this restaurant is the best in Montreal!
1	Never have been treated so bad in a restaurant in my life!!!
3	So, the mushroom soup du jour was fan-freakin-tastic. It was topped with nuts. Have you ever heard of such a thing? Seriously?The atmosphere was trendy, but not pretentious. The decor was cool...The crowd was business yuppy-ish when we went in for lunch yesterday.Let's talk about some other things... I ordered the seared white tuna entree... which was not in fact, seared but rather well done. It was accompanied by toasted sesame seeds, pomegranite seeds, orange and many unidentifiable Canadian veggies...something I was told was similar to spinach and a rhubarb-like item, as well.Our server was slow and unable to translate some of the items on the menu...but I feel she meant well.Many items on the table had an antique feel, but not in a good way. The glasses were the same I grew up with in the 80's -- quite ugly actually. The steak knife had a wooden handle and looked as if it quite possibly held bacteria for as long as the glass had been around. The bowl the soup was served in was somewhat french onion-ish -- beige with a brown half. There were some ACTUAL antiques which were cool... like a type writer by the entrance. I'd give this place another chance, but considering what I describe above, the prices are a bit over the mark...
4	Mmm. This has been our favorite meal in Montreal so far. Great atmosphere and really enjoyable food.  Wine list was a little pricey for us, but not so much that it stopped us from getting a bottle. My martini was made perfectly dirty and my chicken and vegetables was delicious and just the right portion size. Fries were so so so good here and the homemade mayo was excellent on them. Our waitress was super kind and encouraging about my crappy French. I was just as encouraging about her broken English. When i clumsily spilled my espresso, they kindly brought me another one without question. No hassle there.Canada uses the at table credit card machines. Love that. I wish the US would catch on. Anyway, lovely night. Would definitely recommend.
3	It's been over a year since my last visit to Montreal, and my visit to Vallier. My husband and I were staying in the area again and decided to try it again. This time, we decided to avoid the burgers. I had the duck confit shepherd's pie, which was quite good -- served in a little cast iron skillet, it comes fresh out of the oven. The duck was a little bit dry, but on the whole the dish was really good. My husband's strip loin was also quite good: well-marinated in lime and smoky spices. The restaurant was also happy to sub the potatoes for extra salad since he's keeping on the Paleo diet these days; the salad was nice and lightly dressed. Service was pretty good. I still find the prices to be quite high for the quality of food -- there are other restaurants in the area that are better in the price range -- but for casual comfort food, Vallier does the trick pretty well.
3	I and my bf came here for our first dinner in Montreal ealier this month.  My first impression when I looked at the menu was that everything was over-priced.  The dishes that I wanted to order were well over my comfort zone as far as price.  We ended up ordering the creamy vegetable and lager soup with cheddar cheese gratin and the braised lamb sheppard's pie with sweet potatoe puree, mushrooms, corn and peppers.    Unfortunately, the soup was a real disappointment. especially at $9CA.  After 4 spoonfuls, I couldn't continue, as it was much too rich and more like a sauce than a soup.  And where were the vegetables?  I had a few small cube-shaped orange things which I am guessing were carrots, but that was it.  However, the sheppard's pie was redeeming and had great flavor and texture.  If i ever visit again i may come again for the sheppard's pie and nothing else.
3	Ending afternoon in old Montreal, Vallier was a nice surprise. Window seat, good jazz, tasty cheese plate with excellent small French rolls. Relaxed clientele, all enjoying themselves. Casual, comfortable decor, a favorite spot.
2	I have been here several times, and overall the food was good... I would have given this restaurant 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that my last time there (we brought a fairly large group), everyone got sick!the Mac & Cheese, Foie Gras, Beef tartar, and Shepherds pie were all standout dishes.unfortunately, the whole food poisoning thing keeps me from recommending this place...
4	What a great lunch place - food was so tasty but not over seasoned. This is my second time back in 3 days so it really was a hit with me. They serve fudge with their coffees which is such a cute touch. Well worth getting a window seat when possible to watch the very fashionable people of Montreal go by. Had the chicken burger with avocado, salad and fries. Looking forward to future visits!!
3	I came here in the beginning of January, wandering the empty evening streets of Montreal when most restaurants shut down after the holiday busyness. Vallier was quite alluring given that it was the only lit up venue in the area - you can imagine how warming the sight of the glow in the crisp cold air would be.The menu isn't huge and there weren't too many adventurous items, so my choices were basically made for me - bone marrow appetizer and braised lamb shoulder stew for my main. They were good enough although the bone marrow had an odd smell to it and I'm not sure if I was even eating it right (probably one of those things where there's not a right way to eat it).I was actually surprised that the waiter didn't check up very often and did not try to offer me a dessert. I had to basically beg for a coffee after the meal before I got my check. I probably wouldn't be back given all the choices in Montreal that offer more unique French-Canadian cuisine with better service, especially since Holder is just next door.
5	Stopped here for a bite last Monday and loved everything about it. Off the beaten path so a spot for regulars instead of the tourist eateries around the corner. highly recommend Vallier Bistro.
4	Love this restaurant. I had my bachelorette there (the dinner part at least) and it was lovely. Perfect for all size groups. I had the burger with goat cheese on it  and it was DELICIOUS!Will definitely go back again soon!
4	Came for a late meal on a Sunday night.  Sat inside, it was a beautiful night so the windows were open and it was a very comfortable atmosphere with the open air feel of a bistro.  Looking over the menu I noticed there was a lot of stuff I would have liked to try.However, after much deliberation decided to get the albacore tuna with quinoa and it was delicious.  Perfect meal for after a nice workout, which coincidentally I had just finished.  Only complaint was I thought the tuna could have been slightly warmer.  Service was fine, and I found the prices to be reasonable for what you get.
3	Ambiance was nice with music not too loud. Staff was friendly, though my waiter seemed to be a bit moody. I ordered the warm goat cheese salad with a citrus dressing.  It was good but instead of the apples ( which I was looking forward to) they adde carrots instead, which they didn't mention. Still the warm goat cheese was Delish in the salad and dressing was tasty. Had the muscadet by the glass and it was good.
2	Meh.My friend had to return his burger twice because it was completely and utterly dry. I took a bite and could hardly swallow it, myself. The waiter was accommodating and kind enough to not include it on the bill, he explained that their beef must be cooked well-done, but that still does not justify it being as dry as it was -- two times in a row. He was completely understanding, and helped my friend out right away.I ordered the warm goat cheese salad, it was good with a fat slab of goat cheese on top and drizzled in a vinaigrette. I could make the same thing at home, for much less.
2	Since winter is slowly creeping in with its chill, we wanted to go somewhere that doesn't have long line-ups for brunch.  Vallier fit the order since they have a huge space and, if you need to wait, it'll be inside.With its wood clad walls and brick exposed side, Vallier mimics a huge wood cabin.  The large wooden columns and beams break up the spacious dining room.  The place is usually full for brunch so it does get a little loud.The brunch menu is not very creative and consists of staple items such as omelettes, Benedicts, and waffles.  You'll also find a couple of heavier dishes like a burger and a steak.  They offer a bottomless filter coffee but other coffees are charged by the cup.Even though the food at Vallier is not exceptional, it was one of those warm no-fuss go-to places.  We've been here a lot of times over the years, and there's a definite downtrend overall.  Food is becoming increasingly spotty, lesser portions, and service level decreasing to a point that doesn't justify the price point or type of establishment they portray.
5	Seriously the best Mac'n'Cheese I had in town, EVER!!! OMG OMG OMG.But otherwise, their desserts are tasty and exquisite, their meals come in good portions, and their drinks and wine selection is pretty good. This is one of the few places in the Old Montreal that I love to visit from time to time.Oh, and when they say they have the best cheesecake in town...it's TRUE! Just so creamy, and light, and cheesy. I'm drooling as I'm writing this review!
4	Had a late dinner on a Wednesday night after arriving from Montreal.  This restaurant is a 10-minute walk from the Intercontinental Montreal through quaint and safe streets.The ambience is awesome-- little French bistro, and pretty full even for a Wednesday night at 9 pm.  I started with a glass of rose, very refreshing, then onto a salade Lyonnaise with bitter frisee, lardons, and a poached egg.  There was WAY too much of the lardons on the salad, but be it far from me to complain about an excessive amount of crispy, smoked, fried meat. . .  Besides this, it was delicious with a runny egg and sharp vinaigrette.  I ended with the most delightful little cake with a maple cream sauce.  It came with the de rigeur but superfluous half-ripe slices strawberry and mint leaf, but I forgive them for the trite garnish.  I'm still thinking about that maple cream sauce.Overall, a wonderful little gem for good-- not great-- food that hits the spot when you need a fix of old-world charm and classic French bistro fare.
1	Terrible service, and the food was not great either!My sister and I had spent the day at a spa in Montreal, and a woman who worked a the spa highly recommended Vallier for dinner. My sister and I were starving when we arrived, so we asked the waiter to put in an order of calamari while we looked over the drinks menu, he said the calamari is instant and it was a good idea to order right away since we were hungry. About ten minutes later we were, ready to not only order our drinks but our dinner as well, the waiter took forever to come back to take our order.. Not sure why he was so frantic because he didn't have that many tables. He finally took our order and came back with our drinks a few minutes later, we ordered the white sangria, which was delightful! He continued to be frantic, and about fifteen minutes later we got our dinner. I said to the waiter I assume the calamari is not coming out? He looked confused for a minute and then said oh yes you ordered calamari! Why didn't you ask me about it when I brought the drinks? I told you they are instant! I responded well I didn't know you had forgotten our order, and thought it was taking a little longer. The waiter was not available if we did want to flag him down to ask him what the eta was anyways. My sister had the ravioli and I had the lamb Shepards pie both meals were lacking salt and spices, both meals were very bland! The waiter never asked if we were enjoying our meals, and every process from start to finish took forever including him bringing the bill and the credit card machine!There are so many great restaurants in Montreal, Vallier is not one of them.
4	Mmm, delicious food.  Friendly service, a beautiful and funky decor.  I liked everything about my meal.  Eggs Benedict were great and the fruit served alongside was fresh!  The potatoes were also a winner. Great vibe, great food, fun meal.   Our waitress was adorable too. So pretty and kind.  Loved her!
4	Nice place in perfect cartier of Montreal. I liked the cappuccino and atmosphere. Very friendly personnel with jazz music playing all the time.
5	Amazing.  We were wandering around the area looking for a place to get a coffee at night and stumbled across this place. Although it's labelled as a Cafe in Yelp, it's definitely a full-on restaurant.  Ample seating inside and a patio that seats about 10 (although it's where all the smokers from inside stand, if that's a big deal to you).The latte about on par with all the other latte's i had in Montreal, but the dessert was incredible.  We ordered the pudding chomeur to nibble on and ended up devouring it in minutes. It was the best dessert of the weekend.  Definitely going to be coming back to this place next time i'm in Montreal to see if the entrees are just as good. Price was very reasonable too at $8 for the pudding.Service was also excellent and didn't mind at all that we only were ordering dessert/coffee and not a full meal.  He even helped us pick it and wasn't shocked to find out we had thoroughly enjoyed it.
4	Came here after a stroll in Vieux Montreal and was pleasantly surprised. It's a casual place but it has a great ambiance and servers were all very friendly.I had the flank steak with eggs sunny side up and my wife ordered the AAA beef burger, as we were both famished. Portions are quite generous and I was really happy with how the flank steak turned out.We finished it off with a couple of Americanos, which was served with a cube of maple sugar...a lovely touch to end the meal.Even my kid was happy with the place =)
5	Was taken here on a business meeting, the service was great and friendly and the food on the menu looked great.I had the chicken breast meal and it was GOOD! Everything on my plate was cooked perfectly and had the perfect amount of flavour and sauce on it. It was awesome! My Mom had soup which she seemed to enjoy and my boss really liked the place hence he took us here haha. Also what I liked was the hot chocolate, it was quite expensive but I wanted it so when it arrived I was pleasantly surprised. It was like a BOWL of hot chocolate ! So awesome! Then I tried it, and dang it was good ! It was home made with real melted chocolate not this mixture crap you normally get. All in all, great place. Maybe a bit pricey, but worth it for a nice dinner/meal.
4	Very much enjoyed our visit. Both the haddock sandwich and especially the veggie burger (with portobello mushroom and Brie) were delightful. French fries were crisp and tasty. Nice ambience and friendly service. Management cares. Fair value. Would definitely return.
3	Went here for lunch with workmates, and had a great fish + BLT sandwich. It was only $17 (and came with a big salad and some fries). Gets busy during the lunch rush, but we got a table pretty quickly stillI haven't tried it for dinner - I'd be worried it would be over-priced for what it is (it just has that feel to it), but I would go back for lunch again.
1	Terrible service, actually I am pretty sure our waiter got canned during the time we were there. Forgot to bring drinks, coffee, have to ask for everything. No offer to give us any compensation. Not going back... Would not recommend.
3	Went here after encountering a huge lineup at gourmand.  Decent food, I'd happily eat it again.  The service is slow and lacking though.
1	I visited Vallier for brunch mid-April and all I can think to say is disappointing and disorganized. I was expecting better since I've enjoyed my late dining experiences prior to trying it out for brunch. Everything went WRONG on that lovely Sunday morning. You know, the first sunny and not so cold day of the year, the type that makes you want to go outside and walk for hours while you fill up on vitamin D. Well, I spent that day waiting, waiting...and waiting some more for what would probably be the most expensive and bland brunch of my short existence! We got there (4 people) and thought: awesome so tables are empty no wait! Boy were we naive and wrong! The hostess said it wouldn't be long, she was clearly busy and shuffling around the restaurant, fine. It went downhill quick from there! She started avoiding eye contact with us as we and people behind us were getting exasperated as half of the restaurant was EMPTY!!!! After 10 minutes, she comes back and apologizes, her kitchen can't take any more orders. She suggests we wait before being seated and waited. We had to literally bargain to at least get seated while we wait. We should have just left then but we were hungry and had paid expensive parking so we stayed. We ordered coffee while we wait. We were nicely seated and having a lovely chat so we thought we wouldn't mind waiting and sipping on coffee. Wrong, again! Coffee took 15 minutes to get there and it took us another 5 minutes to flag the waitress down to order. She had to go back to the kitchen and verify if they were capable of taking our order, remember the restaurant is still HALF EMPTY!  We are good to go, finally. We all ordered the same thing, the meat lover. The food was okay, nothing great. The toasts were tiny and bland. A few potatoes and fruits, nothing special!  The bacon was revolting! A very think (like 1" think by 1 1/2" wide)greasy slice. The meat part was good but we all literally had to remove the fat since it was inedible. I guess they were going for that old fashioned style but failed. Last but not least...the bill. I had the meat lover (basically 2 eggs, toast, bacon, sausage, ham, the regular plate) and a bowl of cafe au lait. With taxes and no tip, I was already forking over $30. Never again, not even for that late night. I don't know if they were understaffed or simply disorganized. If they were understaffed, a little warning and explanation when we were in line wild have gone a long way. At least it decreases your expectations and shows some respect for the customers!
3	Nice atmosphere, but can get noisy when it's packed.  Great go to place for lunch or drinks downtown.  The bar has a good selection of wine by the glass.  Decadent macaroni and cheese, good burgers and caesar salads.
1	Visited on May 26, 2014 @ 6pm:Contrary to the other reviews here that praise the service, my boyfriend and I's experience was vastly different. The waiter was rude and condescending. On our way out, the waiter physically stood in my boyfriend's way to prevent him from leaving and voiced that "services charges weren't included in the bill". The man said this not once, but TWICE! My boyfriend was speechless, so he simply pointed to the bill on the table which already included a tip and continued to exit. Unbelievable. I had the Vegetarian Burger and my boyfriend had the Chorizo. The food was tasty, but nothing exceptional. Better quality in terms of food, prices and especially service, could easily be found at other places in Old Port. Hopefully this place will hire more respectful staff soon. One thing is certain though: we will NEVER dine here again. Not only that, we will be sure to inform our friends and family of our negative experience.
3	I am giving this place a rating higher than I would want, since the food wasn't amazing. Just average, but the prices suggest otherwise. I give this place a 2.5, but I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt here, and disregarding the food. Decor is beautiful. Very clean, very modern. Love the atmosphere, very lively. The service is professional, constantly checking up on you. They are easily capable of continuously pouring water and making people feel comfortable at all tables in the restaurant, which totally goes against a few other reviews. Anyway, we were seated quite quickly. For a regular Monday night, there were quite a few tables, but it was nowhere close to full. The menu consists of French favorites with many twists, along with multiple dishes with American influences. No appetizers to start, since we weren't very hungry and my entree came with a side salad. We had ordered the flank steak with frites and salad, a full rack of ribs, and a haddock sandwich. The haddock was cooked well, didn't break apart and had good taste. Quite a large sandwich. The flank steak was undercooked when I requested it to be medium. It was more like a rare or medium rare, which wasn't what I wanted. It was completely dark pink on the inside. I'm no steak expert and I know that flank steak is supposed to be a rarer steak, but to serve that is unacceptable. Plus, it had no taste. I thought it would be rude to add a heaping load of salt, because that would cause attention and lots of fuss. The frites were quite nice. The salad had a nice vinaigrette on it and was fresh and quite nice with the meal. The ribs, despite the fact they were cold, were actually really good. We had to send them back once, but the waitress and the kitchen handled the situation professionally and quickly. Really delicious ribs! Despite the few problems, the meal was actually quite pleasant. Pricing isn't completely reasonable, but it is a pretty decent restaurant, and they need the income to compete with other nearby restaurants.
1	We waited at our table for 15 min and no one came over even to ask us if we wanted water. It looks like the other tables were waiting for the waiter as well. No one in sight. We left.
4	Really good service and the food was also very nice! The waiter had no problems with our company's allergies which is always very positive.
5	Passed through here on a Tuesday evening on the second-to-last day of the year.  We had just had a 6-hour drive up from New York and maybe we were tired, hungry, and cold, but this place hit the spot.  We got the corner table next to the windows on the far right as you enter the place.  They have hooks on virtually every post, which is something I wish more restaurants offered.I can't speak to the whole menu, but the appetizers (chorizo and some kind of pork croquette) were both very good, especially the croquete.  My steak and frites were very tasty.  A reviewer below mentioned how the steak was ordered medium and it was closer to medium-rare.  I'll agree with that part, but it was definitely not tasteless.  It came with a plum(?) sauce and was spiced fine.  In any event, it was fresh and I really enjoyed it.  The rest of my table each enjoyed their meals -- silence and clean plates is usually a good indication.Maybe there's a higher standard in Quebec for good food as I find it is more available up there than the prices we have to pay here in New York for the same quality, but I am surprised at the negative reviews below nonetheless.  Old Montreal is my favorite part of the area and I'm sure there are plenty of good places to eat, but this is definitely one of them.
