5	Kimberly takes the time to customize your facial. I went to Kimberly in the months leading up to my wedding and my usually problematic skin looked GREAT on my wedding day! She takes the time to do special touches and her technique is so relaxing and unlike any other. After just one session of her light therapy, I saw overnight improvement in my acne. Not only is she great at what she does, but she is a good person and a joy to be around.
5	By far the BEST facial I've ever had. Kimberly's technique is therapeutic for my skin and so relaxing for my face muscles.. I love hand and foot treatment she adds in as well as a few hot rocks that really aid in relaxation. The facility she's in is easy to access and has tons of parking.
5	RUN to Kim so you can relax and get world's best facial, with hand and foot treatment. I dozed off as my mask sunk penetrated, thanks to her great new facility-spa suite, and her amazing techniques.
5	I came here to Kim a few days before my college graduation. She uses hot stones and does an AMAZING job with facials. It was SO relaxing and afterwards my skin looked amazing- better than it had in a long long time. She is thorough and provides a relaxing experience that will rejuvinate your skin! I highly recommend her!
5	I purchased a groupon some time ago for Kimberleys and have been seeing her ever since. Not only is she a kind sweet person, but her devotion to a healthy lifestyle is inspiring. My skin also feels AMAZING after a facial from Kimberley. Talented Lady!
5	Kimberly is an amazing Aesthetician.  Her technique is none that I have ever experienced before, so relaxing and rejuvenating.  My first visit was two hours in length and well worth the time and money spent.  Not only is she a wonderful aesthetician but also she is very professional.   During my first visit I learned that Kimberly has been in the business for over 20 years and attended school in New York where she learned her final massaging technique with hot rocks and hot mittens.  Her knowledge and expertise can give anyone of any skin type the professional guidance needed not only look their best but also gain confidence within.  I highly recommend Kimberly's Facial Boutique for your next visit with an aesthetician.
3	I had a facial this morning thanks to a voucher I had purchased.  My appt.as for 9am.  I arrived at 8:50 assuming I would need to fill out some paperwork.  Her office was closed and locked.  She arrived at 8:55 saying she had been there earlier to set up then went out to run an errand.  I wasn't given any paperwork.  She cleaned my face a bit then did a short hand, foot treatment with hot rocks and put hands and feet in warming mitts. She used the steamer and did extractions.  Then came an amazing face massage - like nothing I'd ever had done before.  Very nice.  After that she put a mask on my face and left the room for 8 to 10 minutes.  I have to say it felt like a lot more time and I was not comfortable being left alone like that.  I've had a lot of facials at pricy spas (Golden Door, Sanctuary) and I've never had an aesthtician leave during a treatment.  When she came back she removed the mask, added some moisturizer and that was it.  I was on the table for 40 to 45 minutes and she was out of the room for 10 of those minutes. The facial felt rushed and I didn't end up feeling very pampered.  When I returned home I sent her an email with some feedback suggesting she rethink the alone time.  She wrote back to say that's how she was trained????  Really, just because you're trained one way doesn't mean you shouldn't be open to improvements or suggestions.The facial industry in the Scottsdale area is very competitive.  I've had better and I've had worse facials, but I'd much prefer to a place where I've had a better experience. As a former business owner myself, I gave her feedback to try and help, but she chose to dismiss me.  I don't think that speaks well to her business sense or her customer service.
4	I really enjoyed this facial.  She added hand & foot massage and hot rocks.  Really nice.  The products she used were great, the fragrances were a delight to your senses.  The massage to my face was one of the best I have ever experienced.  The only criticism is she left the room.  She said 8 minutes and that ws about right.  I know this happens, but I have had enough facials where the therapist hasn't left the room.  My face felt great afterwards - dewy and moist.  I would go back, and if it doesn't bother you about her leaving the room, than go for it.  a peaceful experience.
