5	Uptown Indian selections are limited for me.  The place in Latta Arcade is meh. And I don't know where any other places are.  This little joint opened up right across from the entrance of my parking garage, and I had to try it out.  MmMMMMMmMMmmmm!  So great, super friendly staff, and hearty portions.  And they didn't give me beef (ha!) about not wanting rice with my combo.  Super tasty and flavorful food that doesn't taste like it had been sitting there for ages.  So glad to have another awesome option in uptown!  Yay!
2	I'm gonna go ahead and disagree with the prior review on this one.I was initially excited to hear about the opening of this new Indian Fusion restaurant as it's right next to where I work and I love South Asian food. The concept was new, interesting, and unique. The prices were incredibly low and the pictures on the outside looked pretty good. Unfortunately I was sorely disappointed when a bunch of buddies and I went to finally try it out (we all happen to be brown by the way). I can appreciate the fact that the food isn't supposed to taste exactly like Indian cuisine as it has culinary influence from several different areas of the world. But what I personally found was that the flavors and textures of the dishes they offered were as uninviting and bland as the yellow interiors of the actual establishment. We tried the red beans, the chicken korma, a couple of wraps, eggplant, and another chicken dish and somehow I couldn't even finish my food. Maybe it's just my bias since I grew up with this type of cuisine, but I'm not gonna pretend that I would even consider coming here again.To put it briefly, you get exactly what you pay for. For $5 at lunch time, you're going to get $2 quality chicken, $1 quality rice, $2 quality taste. It's like waiting in line at the school cafeteria. In the back of your mind, you're hoping for something good today, but ultimately you end up wishing you hadn't even made the effort to get in line.You can tell that some of the flavors are there in terms of identifying it as coming from a certain part of Asia, but you won't find the boldness or adequate seasoning in any of the dishes. The wraps were of course leaking everywhere because they put the actual chicken IN it's gravy into the tortilla. Not a clever move.I was also charged $76 because she "pressed the numbers too quickly." Hopefully the void shows up in my statements, otherwise I had an unbearably overpriced lunch....I suppose if you've never had Indian food in your life, this might pass as edible.2/5
4	A new indian option uptown. The way I see it, anything's better than the place in the Latta Arcade. I welcome you with open arms. Cheap prices, friendly service with a smile and decent food. Minimalist interior, I mean seriously. No decor, it just a straight up take out restaurant. No decor = low overhead. Yay for me.
4	YUM!  I was here for the first time yesterday.  It is located at the Wells Fargo 3 building right on 2nd street next to the former Ono's.  They cleaned up the place a bit - the former tenant of this location was famous for his unhygienic ways and sour attitude.  The FIRST thing I asked upon entering was if the new owner was affiliated with the previous one and the nice man said no!  Phew!!This is a takeout Indian spot - they have several different dishes to choose from (I think they are only open for lunch?  I am not sure....).  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala yesterday and it was mild - perfect for this inexperienced Indian-Food-Loving palette.  The beautiful rice was plentiful and the nice chef also gave us free tastes of anything we wanted to try.  The nan was the only letdown.  It seemed prepackaged, as in not freshly made.  But the rest of the food and yogurt sauce was delicious.  I got my food plus a bottle of water for $7 bucks.Can't wait to get back here!  So glad it is convenient for us uptown workers!!!  :-D
4	I have been on quite the Indian binge lately, making it myself at home, trying everything pre packaged from Trader Joes and then a Groupon came out for Nirvana II. I only bought two meals worth knowing I should have purchased more and I really should have. I never go Uptown so my first trip to Nirvana was anything but "Nirvana". I wasted most my lunch break roaming around uptown, now on foot looking for the restaurant. It is neatly tucked away in some building on MLK blvd, not really S Tryon, which is probably what caused all my confusion. But alas I made it! For my first trip I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with a side of curried potatoes and eggplant. The Chicken was awesome, the tikka masala was very mild which was nice since the potatoes and egg plant was quite spicy. I went again today ordering the Chicken Tikka Masala again, the chili chicken or pepper chicken looked great but my stomach has been sensitive to spicy lately, hope that passes.The sides were Aloo Bhindi (potato/okra), Navratan Korma and I got a mango lassi. This all came out to ten dollars, I swear it was pushing five pounds of food. I should have weighed it once I got back to the office. The chicken once again was great, korma was mildly spiced and the pineapple really made it stand out. But the aloo bhindi is what I was excited about the most. I had no idea Okra was a big deal out of the south east, probably because my mid western GF had never heard of it. It was very good, almost tasted like the same spices from the eggplant/potato curry but not as spicy.For someone who has recently discovered a love for Indian food and by recently I mean six months, I enjoyed Nirvana II. Sure it's the first Indian restaurant I have ever dined at (Woodlands I am looking at you next) but I think eight dollars, ten with the Mango Lassi for more food than I can eat in one sitting is a great deal. I will definitely return with or without a Groupon.
2	I was excited to see that there was an Indian restaurant so close to my job but boy was I disappointed.  I wanted the Chicken Tikka Masala which I'm assuming is the most popular dish b/c when I got up to order they were out.  The server told me that I could just get the sauce. She would give me the Veggie price (which is a dollar less) but that is so stupid to me.The owner, I'm assuming, was very non chalant of running out of food. He told her to tell me that I could come back tomorrow. Are you serious? I was just standing there stupified because I couldn't believe that they didn't have anymore (it was 1pm btw). He suggested I eat something else but I didn't want any other dish.  Just as I was going to leave. He picked out the last little pieces of chicken and plopped on my plate. I just thought since it was the last of the food that maybe I could get more sauce.  Not so!It was medicore at best. I've had better and they acted like they could care less if you ever come back.  I'm sorry but I can not give this place a good review.
4	Delicious-ness!  We enjoyed our first meal there today.  Express resturant so everything is packed to go---we enjoyed our meal in the atrium area just around the corner.  I chose a two entree combo (Navrathran Korma and Palak Chicken) and it was wonderful, however, the Palak Chicken was not boneless as offered on their website.  Great place for a quick lunch and I am told that they run out of food so go early.  I will return for my next indian fix.
5	As the stars say...this is as good as it gets. The food is wonderful, the blend of flavors are beautifully done and if you haven't done so try some of the pastries in the case near the register.
4	i had been dying for an indian joint in uptown across the street from me where the prices and food was good. yea a pipe dream up until now. basmati rice, nice and flavorful and so far the entrees were great.chicken tikka- the base was very tastey and flavorful. the chicken was dry but thats ok im happy there is chicken tikka in my mouthkadahi chicken- not too heavy which is a first but still good. chicken was juicy and thick enough base where it stuck to the rice and chickenaloo gobi- which is a potato, cauliflower spice dish was very tastey and flavorful. a bit spicey for me cuz im weak sauzze but i didnt care. what i noticed about this place is that their food was not heavy...usually when i have indian its like im prego and can skip a meal or two afterwards. prices are great 5.99 for 1 meat entree or 1 veggie entree for 4.99...i will be back to lick the pans they said i can if i wanted to.
2	I was very disappointed with the newest addition to the Indian scene uptown,  mainly because the food lacks flavor which is just not a good look.  The servers were very friendly and allow you to sample what they have before you order.  I sampled a few items that were just ok, so I decided to stick with the tikki masala since this was my first visit.  Perhaps it was me but as I stated before the food simply lacked flavor and how shameful is it to serve store bought naan?
5	Maybe 5 stars is a bit of a exaggeration because it's not like their food is perfect, for instance the naan isn't particularly good but overall their food is great. Fast, affordable, a block from my office and with enough spice to actually taste interesting. The spice thing is a big peccadillo of mine because most of these lunch spots really turn down not just the heat but overall flavor to suit the typical business lunch crowd. Nirvana II don't compromise as nearly as much and their food is adequately flavorful. The menu also rotates regularly so you never get too bored of what's available. Still i mostly go there on Fridays when they have their fish curry which i'm rather partial to.
5	I love indian food and this is gooood indian food. Love that you dont have to go to a formal restaurant to get it.
2	Good design for workday lunch - in and out in a few minutes. Food is okay.No place to sit inside. Don't take American Express. Menu online is not 100% accurate to what they serve (maybe they rotate dishes).
3	Quick serve Indian in uptown Charlotte that doesn't scare away Indian food newbies?  booya!  Nirvana II instantly catapults itself to the top of the list for Indian quick serve in Uptown Charlotte.  Partly because it's decent, and partly because the competition is weak (read non-existent).  Nice, clean place with a few dishes to satisfy both the vegitarian and carnivorous Indian cravings.  The korma sauce is a bit sweeter than I'd prefer, but the Pratak was impressively good.  Like the other reviewers pointed out, the Naan leaves something to be desired - it's blah, at best.  It's a good value too, you can get in and out with 2 dishes for about $8.  Ham it up with the owner and what appears to be his wife.  Super nice guy who likes to chat and appreciates a decent joke.  Actually got an extra scoop of Chicken Pratak for getting him to laugh, I'm certain of it!
4	For what it was, it was good. Nice flavors, quick and easy. It was also fresh, which is more than I can say for its Uptown competitors.
4	I'm no expert on Indian, but I can say this is definitely my one and only stop for Indian during a work day in Uptown.  You get a ton of food and everyone inside is pleasant.  Line can look long and intimidating at times, but it goes relatively quick so give it a shot.
4	I'm pretty much a newbie when it comes to Indian food but I very much enjoyed the lunch I had this week. Wanted to try as much as I could at once so went with 3 meats. Chicken Tikka, Pepper Chicken and Chili Chicken. All meals come with basmati rice and naan, which here means warmed up pita I guess. Each dish had nice flavor and varying degrees of heat with the Tikka being the most tame, but also the most deeply flavored. The line was long but moved at a decent pace and the service was very friendly.
5	This take-out Indian place has become one of my go-to lunch spots. It's fast enough that I can easily grab lunch and either eat it outside or at my desk without it becoming lunch hour-and-a-half. The menu rotates, but it seems that chicken tikka masala is always available for those who are spice averse. Today, they had fish curry, aloo channa, dal tarka, chicken biryani, malai veggies,and coconut chicken. If they have rice pilaf available that day instead of just rice, pay the extra quarter and get it. If you are unsure whether you will like a dish, ask for a taste before you order it. They are happy to accommodate. Chai is sporadically available and my coworkers swear by it, though I find it too sweet. Occasionally, they will have a dessert available - get it! I have seen some seemingly strange combinations of foods in their desserts that I thought would absolutely not work flavor-wise and they turned out to be surprisingly delicious!
1	I did not like the food. I see a lot of oil in curries. I don't recommend this to anyone.
4	As a City, Charlotte is sorely lacking in Indian cuisine.  That's one reason that it's such a treat to have Nirvana around for a good, spicy uptown lunch.They have a rotating selection, and you can choose a tray of one, two, or three different dishes over rice.  They throw some naan (not the greatest naan, but good for sopping up leftover sauce) and a cup of raita on the side.The dishes are all well spiced and they usually have at least one selection that is legitimately hot.Service is really fast and friendly, so the long lines (another sign of how good this place is) move fast.As for seating, aside from a few tables on the sidewalk outside, there is no seating at Nirvana.  However, you can go into the lobby of the office building that Nirvana is tucked into and there are lots of tables where people chow down on lunch they've taken out from nearby places.This seems to be the only spot for a Indian lunch uptown.  Thankfully, it's really good.
5	I have visited this place at least twice a week since I started working in downtown Charlotte. The spicy dishes are legitimately spicy and wonderful, but there is plenty to choose from if you want to stray away from the spice. Their naan isn't the best, but the rest of the food more than makes up for it. Even when the line is out the door during lunch, it moves quickly and the staff is amazingly friendly. Two vegetarian dishes with rice and naan are enough to have me near stuffed for less than $8. I only wish they took AMEX. Other than that, I love this place!
4	Nirvana is a solid lunch option for the working stiffs uptown.  I eat here 2-3 times a month and it helps get me through the morning grind when I know I'm heading here for lunch.  It's pretty much a "to-go" type of establishment, but they do have a few tables out front.  I usually try to eat this stuff outside as the aroma is way too strong for the office.  I don't want to make my co-workers too jealous!I usually stick to the vegetarian options (it's cheaper and you can get a lot more food for the price), but everything I've had has been delicious.  Indian food just has that 'POP', and Nirvana delivers it at a good value.  Yes, the naan is just pita bread as others have mentioned, but it's still good.  Make sure you also know your limit when it comes to spicy food because they usually have 1-2 entrees that deliver a big kick.  They'll let you know if you ask.Bottom line, it's a tasty, cheap, and quick lunch Uptown.  I just have to watch it because sometimes I want to curl up under my desk and take a nap after chowing down!
4	The service was prompt and the food was tasty. It was my first time ever eating Indian food so I can't say I knew what to expect. I will certainly eat here again if the opportunity presents itself. I went in July 2013. Amex was not accepted at that time. Perhaps things have changed?
4	The restaurant is only open during lunch. I believe the hand-written sign said it was open between 11:00 and 2:15 but I would think that is subject to change. Strange hours, but great food. You can get 1 to 3 moderately priced entrees with rice and naan. The food is enough to fill you for half a day and it is fairly tasty with the right amount of spice. The staff is extremely friendly and the line is relatively long compared to other lunch places in Charlotte.
3	I guess today it's their first new ownership crew, they seem a little confused and unorganized. I had the spicy chicken and tiki masala.  Great food, right amount of spice and not overwhelming. However the naan was pretty flat and not hot enough. It's been a while since I had Indian food ,but their yogurt sauce was too watery for me. I think it's supposed to be thicker like tzatziki sauce.
3	Aromas were great. Staff was friendly. Food was tasty and plentiful. However, the 2 chicken dishes I had were too bland - not spicy at all. I mean zero. "Indian food" and "spicy" go hand in hand, and it doesn't have to be overpowering; even very mild spice makes for more flavorful food.  Nirvana II could use a little of that. Take out only. A couple of cleanish tables outside the front door.I will say most of the clientele was Indian, and they are likely better judges of the food than I.
1	new management, and new food.  I can deal with a learning staff.  This was nothing like the old nirvava 2 food.  Chili chicken bland and saag paneer looked just weird.  They dont make yogurt chicken anymore.  Also went up on prices.  1* and no more visits until old food is back.  I have talked with numerous regulars that wont be returning as well after similar experiences.
1	This used to be the place to get Indian food Uptown.  However, since new owners took it over, the food quality has greatly diminished.  You can tell because the line at lunch time would be out the door... now you are the only one in this place.  Was a 5 star, now a 1 star.
1	I am not sure what happened to this place.  Based on other reviews I guess the change is due to new management - but the food I just had there was not the food I have been enjoying for the last couple of years... the second you walk in you can even smell the difference - the spice smells don't entice you like they used to.  The food is completely bland, the tikka masala is a weird dark brown color versus the delicious tomato sauce color that I had come to expect from this place, it tasted canned, the potatoes in the potato and okra curry tasted frozen - not fresh at all... overall, just SO disappointing.  I used to go to this restaurant at least once a week... now I don't know if I will ever be back.  Tears have been shed over this... and based on the fact that I used to have to wait 10 minutes to order at this place and this time I just walked right up to the counter - it is pretty clear that I am not the only uptown worker who shares this disappointment.BRING THE OLD FOOD BACK PLEASE!!
