5	Came in here on a Monday afternoon with an idea in mind for my next tattoo. I was introduced to "Mars" who hand drew the perfect non generic amigram. Agreed on a price and got set up. The smile on my face said it all. I love my newest tattoo, he was so funny and really cheered me up. I'll be coming back for more!
1	Expecting a professional establishment? Expecting good customer service? Expecting to be greeted as you come in the door? Expecting to be helped in a decent time frame? Well, don't go here, ever. I've been to this place twice and both times were a bad experience. When you walk in the door, you're not sure where to go because the place is so sloppily put together. So naturally you stand, and you wait, expecting for someone to come and help you. Not the case here. The employees sit and have casual conversations while they should be helping customers. I stood and waited for almost 30 minutes both times.. The first time I was coming to buy cleaning solution, the second time, I was coming to get a piercing tightened. Its not like I was going to get some huge tattoo or something, my visits shouldn't have lasted for more that 10 minutes each, yet I was forced to wait and wait, to the point that on my second visit I gave them a piece of my mind and went elsewhere. And they have this disgusting leather couch that they have people sit on while waiting for their service, I'd suggest you not use it, you'll probably get AIDs.
1	This place is garbage ! I bought a vape stick from here and the girl that was helping me was really helpful ! Got home and tried to use the stick and wouldn't work so I had to drive back.. Same girl was helping but then some white trash employee came with her attitude. She did fix the problem, but she didn't have to give the attitude. I would suggest bringing your business across the street and buying from the other smoke shop ! Employees there are so much friendlier !
3	My friend and I decided to swing by here to see how their artwork was because we want to get another tattoo. The employees were very friendly. The only thing I didn't like was that I was told to bring in a flash drawing of what I wanted and they would draw it up. All my other tattoo artist in Hawaii drew something up after I told them what I wanted and showed them pictures of what I had in mind. I decided I would try to find some flash pictures of what I wanted and I realized that there isn't too many of what I had in mind. So now back to the drawing board in search for another tattoo artist who can draw something up for me without a flash picture.
5	Believe it or not, it's ALMOST impossible to get your toddler's ears pierced in a sterile environment in Las Vegas. My cousin wanted to pierce her 2 year old daughter's ears without succumbing to a disgusting piercing gun at the mall. We called at least 30 piercing shops before we landed on a tattoo shop near The Stratosphere. After making us purchase our own jewelry elsewhere ($35), waiting 30+ minutes to then sterilize the jewelry (after specifically asking him to) we sit our beautiful girl down to get pierced. He didn't explain how necessary it was to hold her completely still. He made it seem as if it would be done before she had the chance to react. So needless to say, the poor thing jerked her head. The needle went almost completely through her ear making it bleed profusely.  He then proceeded to tell us that he was no longer comfortable with piercing her and asked us to leave. So not only did we leave without pierced ears for the little one but she had been traumatized.We ended up at Diversity in the hands of Mark. He was AMAZING! He walked us through the best way to hold her still and was completely patient with her. Not only did he pull up cartoons on his smart phone to help distract her but he didn't make us feel rushed through the procedure nor did he express annoyance at her shrill screams. The first ear was rough due to the damage the previous piercer inflicted but the other one seemed painless and bloodless. All three of us left smiling and eager to write a positive review. He made sure to explain aftercare instructions in detail and I highly recommend him to anyone seeking a sterile, painless and well done piercing.
5	I popped in here on a whim to get my Marilyn redone. This place has been here forever, and needs a coat of paint. Luckily I don't judge a piercer on the exterior. The guy at the counter was nice and had me fill out the release and a few minutes later I was a happy camper with a new Marilyn. Everything was disinfected, gloves used, listerine swished, and a nice tip left for my piercer. (I'm terrible with names) A good place for those already comfortable with getting a piercing. Thanks guys!
5	I went in yesterday for an industrial and tragus piercing. The staff was amazing from the moment I walked in and filled out the paperwork to the piercer Mark. He set up all his instruments and sprayed them down in front of me all while wearing gloves. Marked up my ear had me check it and we were ready to go. The tragus was first. Just felt the pinch from the clamp and next thing you know we are doing the industrial. Very professional and fast. I would definitely recommend him to anyone trying to get pierced in Las Vegas.
5	I came in to get a Monroe piercing, and the dude did a WONDERFUL job. I was hyperventilating and everything and he was able to calm me down. Everything was very clean, and I love the way my piercing came out! :)
1	So a few years ago my dad agrees to pay for a belly ring for my 18th birthday. We came into diversity and while the place looked clean and the girl at the counter was nice I can say nothing else good about this place. I was sent to a back room with some kid to get my piercing. Everything had gone ok until about a week later. I got a horrible infection!!!! The guy pierced with the wrong gage needle and so the jewelry ended up being too small for the whole. My mom came with me back to the shop to talk to the piercer Alex? They told me no one by that name or the description I gave worked there ever!! Who the fuck did they have pierce me? Then one of the other employees tells my mom. "You only see infections like that with drug users". EXCUSE ME!!!! I have never used drugs and I had followed all the proper after care steps I was instructed on.  I had to wait a year before I was fully healed. I will never recommend this place. They don't care at all!!! And they apparently let random people pierce you instead of professional employees. Thanks for the infection and the accusation that. I'm a drug user. Happy fucking birthday to me right
