4	I had dinner here with a large business group and it was quite good.
2	I was sooooo disappointed!!  I love this building and the ambiance - it's a Pittsburgh landmark to be sure, but the buffet was mediocre at best.I don't even know where to start.  Our waitress was friendly and prompt to come to the table but didn't provide any explanation as to how things were laid out and where things could be found.  This isn't something I normally need for a buffet but things aren't necessarily clear as to where they are - for instance the pancakes are at the omelet bar and the waffles are at the 'banana foster' table.  Anyway.....I couldn't find the pancakes and I had read in another review that they did indeed have pancakes.  So after asking a passing server I was directed to the omelet bar and was really surprised when the omelet chef handed me four lukewarm pancakes for me to put on my plate.  They weren't made to order as I understood they would be.  On top of that they ended up being chewey and didn't have much flavor. The main buffet was another disappointing experience - the chicken was dry, the roast beef was fatty and overall the main food line was average.Unfortunately, if you're going to have a banana foster area, which can be a really nice touch, it's important to have  a server who knows what they're doing.  As it turned out, there was a young kid who couldn't tell you banana's foster from a banana split.  There were a couple of people in front of me that asked what a 'banana foster' was and his response was that it was anything you wanted it to be.  That answer confused the folks asking, so they passed. As did I.Maybe it was just a bad day for them as I know other folks have good things to say.  If you want a beautiful place to take out-of-town visitors, this is certainly it.  But if you want to have a really nice buffet experience, sadly this wouldn't be my first choice.
4	The Grand Concourse is a Pittsburgh landmark (located on the south shore near Station Square) and the largest restaurant in town with seating for approximately 500 guests.  This majestic former train station boasts old world architecture, decor, and photos to enjoy and is great place to take out of town guests.Seating in the main dining room or a table near the riverside windows (IMHO) are choice if you can get them.  On the riverside during the day you can enjoy watching the steamboats roll by and in the evening a nice view of the south shore city lights.  For Sunday Brunch if you can get seating outside the main hall you'll be happier as this is were all the food stations (and people waiting in line for them) are set up. I love their Sunday Brunch, though it can get a little hectic. They provide a variety of breakfast and lunch items including pancakes, omelets,  waffles made to order, freshly cut roast beef, chicken, pasta, fruit and more.  Get as much or as little of anything as you like.By all means make reservations!  You might also want to check out Station Square's website to see what events are going on in the immediate area before deciding on a date / time as this will affect parking and/or making your visit more enjoyable if you can catch an event before/after you dine.I recommend their omelets or bananas foster waffles or bananas foster waffles or bananas foster waffles. ;)
3	I'd like to give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could.  It's a solid restaurant in a beautiful location.  I had an early dinner there tonight with my Mom and Sister.  The service was excellent.  We had the calamari, "dynamite" scallops, and an avocado and crabmeat terrine.  The scallops were the best.  They were cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce.  The calamari was good.  It had a bit more breading than I would like, but was cooked perfectly.  The terrine would have been excellent, but the avocado wasn't ripe.  I had the bouillabase which was flavored okay and had a decent selection of seafood, but they put in half of a crab that really wasn't that good quality.  It reminded me of crab you would receive at an all you can eat crab place.  Mom had some lobster that was pretty good, but a little overpriced.  The best entree by far was my sisters.  She had the alaskan king crab legs, steamed perfectly and a very large portion.  In addition they cracked the shell which was a nice touch.  This was a very good deal for the quality and quantity at $43.  The desserts were probably the best part of the meal.  Strawberry shortcake was light and probably one of the best I've ever had and the chocolate souffle was awesome.  I think the valet should be complimentary.  It's $6 for 2 hours.  If you  spend a couple of hundred dollars for three people I think they should waive this nominal fee.  They also had a pianist which was a nice touch and much better than "musac".  Overall a very fine restaurant and the building is gorgeous and a must see if your visiting pittsburgh.
3	Went to Sunday brunch last week. We made reservations a week in advance and had our choice of times. We went at 11 a.m. and got seats overlooking the river and city. It was a fantastic view, it seemed a little more quiet than inside. What sells this place are the views and the stained glass. It is absolutely beautiful. Just the history alone in this amazing place makes it worth visiting. Our service was decent, but it was a full house and our coffee cups were empty a lot. The food was above average but nothing spectacular. What really killed part of the visit was the awful piano player. He played every song at the same tempo. It wasn't melodic and it certainly didn't help create any mood what so ever. It was very distracting.
4	The Grand Grand Concourse. I just love being in this space. We were seated for a late lunch with an amazing view of the city.  I'm not a fish eater so don't judge the food here on my review. I had the chopped spinach salad, calamari and most of my Dad's french fries. The salad has a bacon vinaigrette, which was good but a little heavy for my taste. My Dad's fries were great.  The service from Jason was great. What a sweet guy. Can't figure out why he left SF for Pittsburgh, but glad that he was there to serve us.  I hope to visit the Grand Concourse on all of my future visits to Pittsburgh. I can't imagine a better place to sip tea and watch the day pass by in Pittsburgh.
4	Perhaps one of the best bruches I've ever had the pleasure of eating!  The inside space is wonderful, a mixture of 1920s rail station with neo-classical appointments.  Visitors are greated by a donut machine that trundles donuts through hot oil to their final destination of plain, sugar, cinamon, or glazed delight!  The food is grand, the building majestic, and the samosas or bellinis are perfect!  A wonderful place to enjoy a good meal!
5	Breathtakingly beautiful, elegant dining in a restored train station in the heart of Station Square, the Grand Concourse is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere - and that includes at the top of the Eiffel Tower in France! It's fabulous for early dinner or brunch and marvelous for out-of-town guests (like me). ;)Stained glass, sweeping staircases, marble, and reflected glass, and a view of the river (there are two rooms - the main ballroom and the river room -- both are lovely), offer an unforgettable journey into a restored, opulent 1930's. The service is impeccable -- truly fine dining at its best -- and it's formal. This is not a shorts and t-shirt kind of place! I've been coming here for 15 years, and I gotta tell you, it's barely changed. Thank God! ;)Here are some tips for you:1. Make reservations.2. Go for the Early Bird, which includes salmon pate, appetizer, entree (your choice from usually 6 entrees, including vegetarian and seafood), and dessert for usually under $22.00. It's a steal. I think the Martha's vineyard appetizer is the best (the sweet and sour dressing combined with blue cheese really makes it), but see for yourself! :) I also especially love the Rainbow trout and the parmesan-encrusted sole (flaky, moist, and buttery). Just amazing!3. The piano player starts at around 6:00 p.m. This means you might try to make your reservation for 5:30 or 5:45 so you can be sure to hear the beautiful music . Believe me: it's worth it!!!4. Sign up online for birthday reminders; you might get a meal discounted or free.5. Parking is relatively easy (you can get the ticket validated inside), though they also offer valet service.Enjoy, enjoy! This is how eating should always be: sumptuous!
5	This is possibly THE best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Not only do they serve the most delicious Sunday brunch you will ever eat in your life...the decor is beautiful and you will feel like you have stepped back in time.  The cold smoked fish, cheese, and bagel station is outstanding.There are also fresh made donuts, Belgium waffles, made-to-order omelets, and an array of tasty vegetable and meat dishes.  My husband and I have dined here on many, many occasions over the past 20 years....and every time it has been wonderful.  I would suggest making reservations for brunch.
5	Nice place, good food, good service.  The best thing about staying at the Sheraton.
5	Best Sunday Brunch in the city.We love the Sunday Brunch here.  The food is top notch and the staff is always polite.  We have also gone for dinner a few times.The grand concourse is not cheap but the ambiance alone is worth it.We like the place so much we got married here, which worked out great for pictures.
2	THE LAST TIME I WAS THERE - THEY RAN OUT OF FOOD!Now granted it happened to be the night of the University of Pittsburgh's Graduation which happened to coincide with my wedding anniversary but really it was crazy! My special occasion was just as important as everyone else! However, the main course I desired was unavailable so I settled for a second choice that ended up tasting like something from Long John Silver! Greasy over cooked shrimp! I'm over giving this place big praise. Yes the view is nice but it really does take one bad visit to change someones mind. I won't be going back.
4	Classic atmosphere.Pittsburgh can feel like New York?Well, thank God for that.
4	A great place to go for a special occasion, or with business clients.  If you make a reservation, be sure to ask for the main dining room. The decor, from floor to ceiling, is wonderful.  For a more casual experience, as to sit on the enclosed porch.
3	I hadn't been to the Grand Concourse for a long time, until I went a couple of weeks ago for brunch. Brunch is a buffet-style, all-you-can-eat affair. The buffet items were mostly mediocre (bland, dry), which I guess is to be expected from a buffet. They did have made-to-order omelets as well, but I didn't get to try to them.If I were to rate the place solely on the quality of the buffet, it would get two stars at most. However, there were a few highlights that earn it a bonus star...    - The bar makes a killer (but expensive) bloody mary.    - They have a cool little contraption that shoots out freshly made donuts.    - The setting in the old train station is nothing short of spectacular. It's definitely worth going once for the experience, but I won't be in a rush to go back. Final verdict: Sit at the bar, order a bloody mary, and steal a donut or two.
5	What a wonderful place this is to dine!  It's located in the former P&LE Railroad terminal and I've joked that's why my railfan husband took me here for Valentine's Night dinner!  In fact, the entire Station Square complex once served as the rail company's repair shops and offices.  But anyway, back to the Grand Concourse.  The hall is elegantly appointed and the restaurant features a lot of steak and seafood items.  Because they are owned by Meur Seafood Restaurants, the emphasis is mainy on, of course, seafood.  However I was feeling a little "red-meat carnivorish" that night and I went for the Filet Mignon with cabernet demi glace and mashed  potatoes and veggies.  M-m-m, medium well done meat-n-potatoes!  What more can a girl want?  Oh and we began our meal with almond encrusted brie and mozzarella caprese for my salad.They do have a terrific (so I've heard) Sunday Brunch and a special Happy Hour menu.  The adjoining Gandy Dancer Saloon also has brunch, lunch, and dinner for those seeking something a little more casual.  As I mentioned, the atmosphere here is elegant, the service impeccable.  This is not a place to come to everyday, but for something like Valentine's NIght, it is s-o-o-o romantic!  Do yourself a favor, one night get all dolled up in your finery and come here for a wonderful meal
5	Wow, what a fantastic place. The ambiance of this place is second to none. It is situated in an historic train station which has beautiful architecture! The food took a while to be served but it was well worth the wait! Highly recommend.
2	We called to set up a reservation -- not once, but twice (once, on the same day)-- to check on being seated in the grand room with the piano.  It was to be a celebration since I'd passed the exam I'd studied for for 1 year and 7 months. The Grand Concourse has always been my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh because of the gorgeous main room, and because the food is so delicious. Not true anymore! Upon arrival, we found out that they were having a huge party in the grand room, and the hostess hadn't bothered to tell us that we couldn't enjoy the opulent main room, but could only be seated in the dark, loud bar, or in the equally-loud room by the bridge/river. We chose the room by the river where we faced the steel bridge. Since the main room is part of the experience, this was like being offered an elegant dinner on a yacht, and instead, being fed KFC on a dinghy. We arrived too late for the early bird, and couldn't get our usual of Rainbow trout. That's okay. We were flexible. We ordered a few salads (the Martha's Vineyard salad with blue cheese and pine nuts dressed with raspberry vinaigrette is very good!), and their infamous lobster and sherry (which was just okay -- not much of a sherry taste). The warm bread with fish pate and butter was really delicious, too.You can order the fish grilled, blackened, baked, or broiled, and, they have options -- for an additional $7.99 -- of topping them with crab or lobster. But, we just wanted good simple fresh fish. What a mistake!My father and partner had sole and I had Mahi Mahi grilled, while my mother had the lemon chicken. Do you know that every single dish lacked flavor, salt, pepper, and lemon?!  No lemon on the plates. Weird!The food was as bland as could be! Though, the vegetables were alternately mush or undercooked, and completely over-salted.For dessert, we ordered a hot fudge molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream, which was fine (not super chocolate-y), and the bananas foster creme brulee, which in no way resembled a creme brulee. The desserts, bread, and salad were the best part of the meal.The service was very friendly, and the bill was huge. It was $150 for 4 people, with no wine or other beverages with the meal (other than 2 coffees with dessert), 2 people not ordering salads, and 2 desserts. Atria's (a local chain) has much better food for the money. And, for the same cost, Monterey Bay Fish Grotto is superb.I have no doubt that Tom Colicchio would have kicked the Grand Concourse's chef off Top Chef.I would not return to the Grand Concourse Restaurant nor recommend it to anyone.
5	Ohhh, the Grand Concourse!  Definitely a place you're not gonna dine at everyday.  But sometimes a couple has to have a night out at a place like this!  Read on......I borrowed an idea from a Yelp friend of mine (thanks Robin W.) and took my husband out here on a date last night.  I had to fly down to Dallas the day after Labor Day for a training seminar and I wouldn't see my guy for over two weeks!  I planned it, paid for it, and I didn't tell Rick where we were going!  I simply told him to make sure his best suit was cleaned and pressed.  I dressed to the nines for my guy.  I wanted him to know that I'm still his sweetheart and he's still mine and I was going to miss him.(And as a side note, on the way over I laughed to myself 'cos I thought of the episode of the Simpsons in which Mr. Burns tells Homer he should treat Marge to a really nice night out.  Homer says, "Gotcha!  Marge we're getting take out and we're doing it twice!").We began with appetizers.  I went for the almond encrusted brie  with apple chutney.  Rick went for the portobello milano.  Moving on to the salads, Rick went for the chopped spinach salad which had chopped eggs, bacon, radishes, mushrooms & warm bacon dressing.  Hmmm, you detect a theme here?  Maybe we should have bacon declared a fruit.  I'm almost sorry I didn't order that, although my Martha's Vinyard salad was out of this world.Feeling a bit adventurous, I ordered the Applejack Sea Bass.  Now that'  topped with apples and sun-dried cherries simmered in a sweet bourbon reduction; served with rice pilaf.  Whoa baby, did that wake my taste buds up, but in a warm, subtle sort of way!  Mmmm!  Grand Concourse is well known for their seafood, but Rick asked me if he should order the New York Strip Steak.  I told him to order whatever he wants.  This was my guy's night out on me!  Whatever made him happy!  That steak looked and smelled fabulous!The Grand Concourse is that perfect place for a nice romantic evening out.  And my friend is absolutely right.  Hear that girls?  Be proactive and kickstart some of that romance back in.   You've got to take your guy out some night.  Plan and pay for the whole evening.  Look great for him.  Remind  him of why you're his Sweetie!  Trust me...you will "reap the rewards!"
4	Grand Concourse does a real nice business.  I was referred here by two sources, one by a downtown concierge, and another by a father of a friend.  I'm glad to find it was as good as all the hype. Started off on a rough patch when they lost our same day reservation, but within 20 minutes a table was cleared and we were seated.  The customer service here was pretty over the top for our table, although I have to point out I did see a few patrons complain because every table was filled and it was nearly impossible to keep an eye on every table with the bread and water situation, due to a sold out capacity crowd on a Saturday night (wedding party renting out the ballroom).  The views are lovely here, with the national historic landmark of the grand concourse of the old Pittsburgh and Lake Erie railroad being put on display, as well as an enclosed train platform down by the river where you could watch the barge, and several freight trains go by- various CSN trains about 65 cars in length, every 15 minutes or so.  You can also take the adjacent "T" subway-surface car for $2 to downtown or suburban destinations. Food was splendid, I highly recommend the Mediterranean chowder which was smallish but piping hot. For dessert, chocolate lava cake covered in plain ice cream, chocolate coated, was so  rich that even I couldn't finish it.My expectations were surpassed.Being a historic landmark, it also had very enjoyable photography of the old train station. And the accolades of this venue include Best of Pittsburgh from AOL and other sources, for dinner as well as their highly touted Brunch!
5	I LOVE the Grand Concourse!  I've been eating here since I was a kid and it never gets old!  Every time there is a certain occasion or if I just want a nice dinner out, it's hard to not choose the Grand Concourse!First of all, the food is AMAZING!  The seafood is definitely some of the best in the city.  In my 23 years of going there, I don't think I've ever had anything I didn't like! Probably my favorite time to go is for the Sunday brunch.  There is literally everything imaginable and everything is delicious.  You definitely need to plan on relaxing for the rest of the day though because you will be full!!They have great deals if you go for the Early Bird menu too which usually includes a drink, appetizer, main course, and dessert for once price as opposed to the usual a la carte dinner menu.For a fancy restaurant, the place is really kid-friendly too.  My parents used to bring me and my 4 siblings were all the time when we were younger and we all had our favorite kid's menu selection!My family loves this place so much that we even get take-out items, such as the salmon pate (probably one of my most favorite things at the Grand Concourse), for parties at home.On top of the wonderful food, the ambiance is also amazing.  How can you beat the beauty of this old train station from the early 1900's?  Also, the view of Pittsburgh from the side room is amazing too!  I love being right on the river and watching the people and boats go by.  Overall, I would highly recommend the Grand Concourse!  It's definitely one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!!
3	Set in a beautiful building, Grand Concourse is grand, but the food has been inconsistent among the five times I have had dinner there. It is a good place for large events. The interior is beautiful. However, I would expect better consistency in food. I am a seafood fan, and I have had both very mediocre seafood and very good (but not excellent) seafood here.
4	We were in town for a conference and this was our second night's dinner choice.  We were not seated in the main dining area, but in the area tucked back by the river.  We had a great banquette and a lovely view.  The service started off a little slow but picked up as the meal went on, so that's the minus one star.  The food was great, we all had fish dishes and everyone was happy.  For dessert, we had cannollis and they were fantastic!  Really wonderful.  Overall, it was a great dining experience and while a little pricey, not out of the realm of what you get as far as food and ambiance compared to other citiies in the U.S.  Would visit again when in Pittsburgh.
4	Decent dining option prior to seeing a show downtown? Check.Excellent way to showcase Pittsburgh to a non-believing out-of-towner? Check.Faaaaantastic Thanksgiving dinner with absolutely zero prep, zero cleanup, and out-of-this world selection of options? CHECK.Not this year, but several years ago, we decided [as a family; it was a group decision, as these things must be] to forego slaving over 8.9 billion dishes in the kitchen in favor of going to the Grand Concourse. It was a good decision. No one missed not baking a boatload of pies/mashing a mountain of potatoes/scalding 7 gallons of giblets and gravy.Why aren't we doing that tomorrow?  I don't actually know. Probably because we didn't make reservations.
4	I've come here many times when I lived in Pittsburgh.  I came mostly for their brunch, which is awesome!  FOOD:  We came for a weeknight dinner which was not busy.  The bread basket was full of different breads which were tasty.  We started with the Sicilian calamari which is lightly breaded and fried calamari with sweet spicy roasted red pepper sauce drizzled on top.  Very tasty with a slight kick.  I had the Chopped Spinach Salad which is chopped eggs, bacon, radish, and mushroom with warm bacon dressing.  Talk about a big salad!  For dinner I had the Jumbo Sea Scallops which is pan seared and comes with mushrooms and asparagus with a flaky biscuit on top.  Yummy!  It was so delicious, but a huge portion that I couldn't finish all of it.  For dessert, I had the Chocolate cake(not sure of the correct name) which has chocolate lava flowing out of it with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream covered in nuts with sweet cream surrounding it.  Of course I had to finish this!  Overall the meal was delicious but our server was not with it.  She didn't know the special of the night, didn't check on us, and only made eye contact with one person(not me) at our table.
4	I come to this more for the setting than the food, although the food is quite good as well, but it pales in comparison with the beautiful station setting.  This is the ideal place for celebrations of any kind.  I even tried their Sunday brunch; the freshly made donuts are phenomenal.
5	I could not of asked for a better Valentine's Day dinner. Ever. Don't get me wrong, I love mod-cuisine and all, but there's something to be said for classic, historical restaurants with exquisitely prepared food. Prime cut steaks prepared perfectly juicy, fresh seafood baked to deliciously--a true stick-to-your-bones American meal. That's what I signed up for and that's what I filled myself to oblivion with. Hello Surf and Turf. My name is Cara and I'm about to savor each and every bite of you while completely destroying any progress I've recently made on my exercise routine. And you know what? It's so worth it. Service? Beyond impeccable. Our waiter looked like a bigger John Cusack circa High Fidelity and was extremely helpful. He made all our decisions, including the wine, ridiculously easy and seamless. He even introduced the bus boy by name as his assistant, which showed more class and respect for his colleague than I'd ever seen at a resto. He was knowledgeable beyond my expectation, but certainly not pretentious to the point of making you feel insecure. What really iced this Valentine's Day cake was the the view, history and ambiance of this place. It was an old train station, intricately decorated with gold details, vaulted, stained-glass ceilings and hand-carved wood. The staircase was gorgeous but the view of the river and Pittsburgh skyline was the best part. The only better view in the house was my handsome beau sitting across from me. This place is a true, classic diner's gem. You feel like you're in a page out of a history book here, and that's what I call a romantic date.
2	For the money not a great value,  As the rating says "Meh, I've experienced better"Had the following: Appetizer: Rare tuna which was sliced too thin.  It was rare but the sauce was lacking and unimaginative.  Basically soy sauce and for 12.00 it was not a great deal, Due to slicing it was too cool and was reminiscent of sushi but cooked a bit.  Quality of tuna was OK.Fillet of sole with lump crabmeat. $26 The Crab meat "was" Lump.  The fillet had too much egg wash batter which came through as an egg flavor on the dish.  Fish was cooked correctly, done but very moist.  Lump crab was highlight of dish.  Had a butter sauce which was decent and did not overwhelm the dish (or the egg flavor) Came with a few steamed vegetables which were cold by the time I started on fish.About every 5 minutes just as they choreographed in "team" meetings,  Waiter, manager, sou chef, came to table to ask if food was great,  It was not but, it was not a battle I'd care to fight over dinner. I was there for a business diner so it was quite enough for talking although it was also not close to full on a Thursday night.Over all I give restaurant 2 stars due to the price of the food.  I felt it was barely above a decent diner quality(average) at high end prices.  They did have the stained glass windows everyone raves about but, I go to restaurants for food 1st, service 2nd and scenery 3rd.  No one complains about the view at a restaurant with great food but, they do seem to rant about a restaurant with a great view and average food.  Grand Concourse is in the second category.  Great scenery, average food, high price.
5	I've been to the Grand Concourse for lunch a few times, and the food has always been delicious, the wait staff great, and the setting is breathtaking- an old train station with stained glass windows and elegant tables and fixtures. You have to go there at least once as a Pittsburgher.However, the real reason I love the Grand Concourse is their Sunday brunch buffet. It's ridiculous- rooms and rooms of delicious foods, literally a feast to end all feasts. Omelet bar, pancakes, waffles, and French toast made in front of you, a carving station, every kind of breakfast food you could dream of, pastries on pastries, and so much more. Everything tastes amazing, and you will not go hungry or want of food- you might even get some exercise walking from room to room to find all of the different choices. They even have a kids are with lower tables with kid friendly food like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.If you live in Pittsburgh and like a big breakfast, you can't miss the brunch at Grand Concourse!
3	What a neat place, built in 1901 a refinished grand train station and a live grand piano while you dine.  Food and service were fabulous and the only down side was the wine list, it was on the light side.
5	As the group planner in my circle of friends, I called ahead to let the Grand Concourse know I needed a large round table for a party of 12 since we're coming here to celebrate a friend's birthday dinner. They arranged it without a problem.When we arrived at this once train station but now grandiose restaurant, our host brought us to a round table with a little reserved sign on it near the live pianist. The ambiance could not be better. The first sign that the restaurant showed initiative was when we realized that underneath the reserved sign on our table was a note that allowed us to choose two complimentary appetizers to start our night. WOW! What a nice surprise! We began with plates of calamari for the table. Then came the bread and this amazing salmon butter that we could not get enough of. We barely had room for the entrees when they arrived!The order of fish was done just the way we wanted and the restaurant timed the entrance of every part of our meal perfectly, including the arrival of the cake at the end of it all. I can't say enough how accommodating this place was and it really made it a great birthday not just for my friend but for everyone else who ate there as well.
5	We love the Grand Concourse. It's the restaurant we choose when we have a celebration, a special family get-together, or night out. They specialize in seafood, though everything we've had there (filet mignon, prime rib, chicken, tuna, scallops, etc) has been outstanding.The smoked salmon spread (and occasionally smoked bluefish pate) that comes with the hot bread is smokey tastiness, and I don't normally even like salmon. My favorite that I get every time is the coconut-crusted shrimp - I highly recommend them!  My sister has ordered a couple of their entrees gluten-free, too, and they've been good about that.We actually had our rehearsal dinner here in 2008 as well, and it was perfect, from planning (via phone and email since we were in California during the planning) through the entire event.We love the atmosphere - the amazing restoration brings the gorgeous train station back to its original glory and beauty. We've been seated near the live pianist a few times, and he'll play songs you request. We've sat near the river and in the large dining room. There isn't a bad table in the place.
4	This restaurant is in an old train station in station square.  They are mainly a seafood restaurant but have steaks and chicken.  The Caesar salad was perfect with anchovies.  I ordered Mahi Mahi which was prepared perfectly.  I exchanged my side dish for garlic potatoes and was charged a significant upcharge which wasn't disclosed in advance. The view was great. The piano player was a nice touch.  Service was good.
4	The aspect I like the most about this place is that it's very spacious. The high ceilings, the old fashion train station look, and the live piano music really creates a great dining atmosphere. However, I was kind of disappointed that the food is quite average. My fish came almost cold the first time I visited. But I did enjoy the dining experience and I would go back again. The last time I visited it was surprisingly empty for a weekend night... Which was actually kind of nice. I would definitely recommend this place for its atmosphere.
4	Holy Brunch Buffet Batman!There's a difference between a place that has one long table of buffet choices that's mass produced and more than likely been sitting out for most of the morning and the Grand Concourse.  The Grand Concourse is just that, GRAND!The Grand Concourse may have that one long table of buffet foods that have possibly been touched by little kid sticky hands BUT they have "create your own" food stands!  Any place that offers me the chance to pile on the most scrumptious and fattening food toppings is a winner in my book!  Stop by the make your own omelet or pancake or waffle or ICE CREAM SUNDAE (can you tell how excited I am about that) bar for your own sinful creation.  And the place itself....just breathtaking!  You don't come across many places like this anymore.  It used to be the main train station into downtown Pittsburgh and they've really done a fantastic job making it look as it did back in the day.  I swear to god I always want to act out the scene in the Titanic where they're all sitting around the main dining room together talking all proper.  But then I remember I'm shoveling 30 pounds worth of pancakes in my mouth and that vision quickly dissolves!*Remember if you want to go for brunch make a reservation!  Bon voyage on your eating adventure!
5	Based on numerous recommendations from others, we recently enjoyed the brunch at Grand Concourse. While I'd been to the restaurant before for lunch and dinner, I had never been for brunch. And while the lunches and the dinners are tasty...the brunch is fantastic!!Highly recommended and worth it for special occasions. The atmosphere, live piano music, and numerous options will definitely make you happy. :-)Note: While some think this is a dressy restaurant, the staff confirmed that brunch is casual, so don't feel pressured to wear a suit/dress unless you really want to!
3	Meh.  Seriously, at this price point, three stars is being generous.  (Then again, it's Pittsburgh, so restaurants that would be mediocre elsewhere are above average for the area.)Nice location, and the outdoor seating over the river is a plus, but I think people are giving that way too much weight if they're giving this place five stars.Service: Meh.  Had to ask for refills on water, and the waitress didn't seem to know much about the food if it wasn't on her script.  Definitely not up-to-snuff.Food: Meh.  Great food if they're charging far less for it, but I should be able to get something more than one notch above Outback when I'm paying $30 for an NY strip.  Made the mistake of ordering it rare; that shouldn't be a mistake in a good restaurant.Location: Decor is a little plastic, but the structure is a pretty incredible place for a restaurant.  This saves it from one or two stars.  Overall: If you're out with a group where ambience is a big driver, this isn't a bad choice, but avoid it if you're looking for a good meal.  (Lunch outdoors is probably a decent choice, too.)
5	Great place, great seafood and sides....try the hash browns, amazing, and the chopped spinach salad !!!! Great service too, Jen in the bar is GOOD!
4	This place is impossible to get in on a Saturday night without a reservation.  My family came to visit me, and this place was recommended to me to bring visitors since it's such a pretty building.  We made a reservation for an early-ish dinner on Sunday night, and the place was not that busy.  It was nice.My mom ordered a stuffed salmon.  My sister had some sort of fish with a mango relish, and the boyfriend ordered something similar.  I had a seafood pasta dish.  Their pasta was fresh!  It was in a very simple (but flavorful) broth.  It was by far one of the best dishes I've had in Pittsburgh.I don't know how much dinner was since my mom picked up the tab -- which is awesome!  My family thoroughly enjoyed their food and the atmosphere.  It was definitely worth the visit!
4	While my dad and I ate dinner here the other night, we discussed the fact that the last time I'd eaten at the Grand Concourse was before my senior prom, over 20 years ago, and it wasn't a new restaurant even then.  It's nice to find an upscale independent restaurant that has been so successful for so long without reinventing itself.Also surprising, the meal was as good as we remembered.  The smoked bluefish pate and flatbread that they bring to the table is as delicious as ever, and my dad and I fought over every last bit of it.  The rolls were fresh baked and arrived piping hot.  We both ordered fish, and it was perfectly fresh and beautifully prepared.If there's anything to complain about here, it's that the menu is starting to feel the smallest bit dated, particularly in concept.  The menu paid lip service to slow food, claiming that the produce was locally sourced.  However, none of the dishes listed any provenance for their ingredients.  Still, given the menu's claims, I asked the kitchen to replace the asparagus that came with my entree with a sliced fresh tomato.  Because really, is there ANYTHING better than a fresh tomato in the middle of summer with a bit of salt and pepper?  Alas, the tomato I was served might have been local, and might have been farmed, but it had also been refrigerated, and consequently was a letdown.  Had the menu not mentioned slow food, I wouldn't have had that expectation, and might have even given the GC props for staying retro cool.Finally, there's the setting.  This is enough of a reason to eat here, and I don't say that lightly.  The interior space is nothing short of breathtaking, though I've only ever walked through it.  (Why, Grand Concourse?  Why won't you seat me at a table in the main space?  I can understand the slight when I was a pimply high-schooler, but don't I have enough gravitas for the beaux arts beauty of your dining room by now?  I BOUGHT A NEW SHIRT FOR YOU!)Still, we could hardly complain about being seated in the railhouse off to the side.  The large windows gave our table a beautiful view of the river and the Pittsburgh skyline at sunset.
3	Sorry for the low rating, but this is based on two separate visits, about six months apart...Came here with work colleagues for lunch each time... Each time our lunches took 40 minutes to arrive at the table after ordering. For lunch! The fish and chips is good, but I really prefer a faster turnaround on a weekday lunch order.Three stars, because if I do go back here, it will be for dinner. 40 minutes doesn't seem so long if there's a bottle of wine at the table...
5	The brunch buffet here is incredible.  They have everything and I usually end up leaving so stuffed I can't possibly eat anything the rest of the day.  The restaurant is in the old railroad station and it is so scenic and beautiful.  The highlight for me is the fresh donuts from a one of a kind donut machine and the bananas foster made to order.  The donut conveyer pops out fresh donuts for you that are just amazing, and you will want seconds and thirds on the bananas foster.  They have so many options that everyone can find something that they like.  This is a popular brunch spot so make sure you have a reservation.
3	I loved the decor of this restaurant since itself is a historical building. The food was not bad but I would say the biggest selling point of this place is the ambiance. I had the oysters, calamari, and blue crab and they were pretty good. They have good wine selections as well.
5	If you have never been to the Sunday Brunch, you have no idea what your missing.....Great Food, Incredible Service, and the atmosphere is wonderful.....Sure the 30 per person brunch maybe expensive....But worth every penny
5	Grand Concourse is the perfect name for this establishment.  Grand is the word.  The food was wonderful.  We went after a Pittsburgh Pirate game ( wonderful ferry ride from the park to this mall area) and found this restaurant.  Pricey, but worth it!  Part of the Landry restauants.  Seafood heaven.  Beautiful old building and great views of the water!  Highly recommend if in area...
4	Just had dinner here on 10/15, the place was packed due to two weddings going on at the same time, with that being said we were sat quickly (10-15 minute wait) with a reservation (would highly suggest making a reservation if going on the weekend) overheard the hostess say if you didn't have a reservation the wait would be over an hour. The service was fantastic, our waiter was very prompt and really very nice. The food was outstanding, the Coldwater Lobster is a must. The next time I am in Pittsburgh I will be returning.
4	Excellent food, a bit pricey though.  I had there roast duck, which is a seasonal menu item.  It was great, the cranberry sauce that they glazed it with complimented it perfectly.  Our service was not the quickest or the most attentive but I am hoping that it was just our server and not the normal service offered by the restaurant's staff.
2	Apparently I'm one of the few who just doesn't think the Grand Concourse is all that "grand."   I've had brunch here twice and both times I've been underwhelmed.  I've heard people say this is the best brunch in Pittsburgh and I have just one question for them..."have you been to other brunches in town?"  It's always packed and despite having a reservation, we weren't seated in a timely manner.  To top it off, the service was terrible.  It wasn't until half way through brunch, that the waiter returned and we were able to ask him AGAIN for water.  Considering I'd run 15 miles earlier that morning and had asked for water the minute we were seated, I was a little frustrated.  It also took us forever to get tea and coffee.  I actually thought he forgot my tea because it took over 15 minutes from when we finished eating and ordered it to when we received it.  And, oh the food.  There might be a lot of it, but it's not the great.  It tastes like a buffet to me.  Not as fresh or as flavorful as I would like.  Yes, they have their own omelet bar (not that the cheese in my omelet was melted or my fillings were hot) and their own waffle bar with more toppings than I could possibly want (luke warm waffles at best under the heat lamp), but I think they overwhelm you with quantity rather than quality.  Also, I like a little mimosa with my brunch.  And what I don't like here is that it isn't included in the base price (which they fail to tell you).  If I'm going to pay $25 or so dollars for brunch, you could at least throw in one mimosa.  Lidia's does....Point Brugge does...All in all, I spent $35.49 for Sunday brunch for ONE (brunch, mimosa, tip) and I left disappointed and unsatisfied.On a positive note, the atmosphere is very classic and beautiful!  And the freshly made donuts are not to be missed.
3	We went for the Sunday Brunch, which was just ok.  It's about $30/person for the brunch, which I think is fair since it is a buffet and the spread is pretty impressive.  They have everything from a doughnut machine, to omelets, to lunch food and desserts.BUT, the food just tastes mediocre, so I personally would rather eat less food, that tastes much better.  The building itself is interesting, so that's really the only reason I would recommend going.  The main seating area is very...GRAND haha hence the name, and the side railhouse seating is also really nice and has large windows for a nice view of Pittsburgh.
5	Great food,great atmosphere and view. Very good service.
4	This past Sunday, a dear friend held a very adult 30th birthday at the Grand Concourse Sunday Brunch buffet. I have not been in this restaurant in...years. It has been forever. The lobby is lovely, and valet is reasonably priced if you don't want to walk to a parking lot. While the Sunday brunch crowd is not a particularly dressy bunch, I recommend wearing something nice. The Snookie look alike in hot pink sweat pants that said "PINK" across the bottom stuck out like a sore thumb...but that may have been in part, because she was cursing like a sailor while waiting for valet...c'mon folks. It's Sunday. But I digress. We made our way to the table and the whole room is just breathtaking. The staircase leading to the room was often frequented by people having photographs taken. There were several different buffets including your standard brunch items (which were all delicious) as well as some seafood options-shrimp and mussels-salad, some pasta, fresh carved meat, an omelet bar, an ice cream sundae bar, and fresh waffles with yummy bananas foster. Another delicious treat? The fresh doughnuts from the doughnut machine. They roll right off a little conveyor belt and you dip them in powdered or cinnamon sugar...I personally opted to put some of the goo from my bananas foster on my doughnut...SO heavenly. The only gripe I have? It's a bit crowded. The layout does not lend itself to easy transportation. Because it is an old train station, there are charming obstacles that add to the charm, but take away from the ease and flow. Some of this frustration comes from parents who do not know how to control their annoying children who want to tap the lobster tank (you are in the middle of the road and causing traffic which is causing me anxiety), but it was only mildly annoying. This is unavoidable given the structure, but totally worth it because of the feel of the building and the quality of the food. Our service was fabulous-water was always filled, plates were cleared promptly so you could go up for seconds...thirds...there were a few who went for fourths at our table. Needless to say, this fills you up for the whole day. I went home and had a traditional "Sunday afternoon-after-lunch-after-chuch-nap." It was glorious, and I credit that to my delicious brunch.
2	If I was just rating the magnificent space I would give The Grand Course more than 5 stars, but unfortunately this rating is for the food and I am compelled to not give the restaurant anymore than 2 stars.What a shame that the most beautiful room in Pittsburgh does not have food that is on par with the stunning architecture.Do I recommend going there?  Absolutely yes, for drinks or desert to sit in the grandeur of the main room, but not for a full meal.  I have eaten Brunch, Lunch and Dinner twice here in the past month and the food is consistently mediocre and greasy.  Yesterday I went for brunch at 1pm.  The food was horribly picked over and not replenished, most of the food was just the remains of what had been sitting out for too long.  They did eventually replenish the food, but after we had all eaten.  They shouldn't wait until every last drop has been eaten, it should be a constant process of making the food look presentable.  Most of the cooked foods were too greasy and overcooked.  The Omelette bar was instead a big griddle where the cook was pouring out long strips of egg enough for 10 omelets or so.  Then he'd put your toppings onto a section and would cut it off for you.  Because the omelets were not individually made to order in separate frying pans, by the time you got your omelette the cheese wasn't melted, the toppings weren't cooked and it was like rubber, I took one bite and that was that.  I took a friend here for her birthday and was truly embarrassed by the whole experience.  My friend's son is a chef at a famous restaurant in a large city.  I kept feeling like I had to apologize for how awful the food was.  Why is this not on par with a classic Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons brunch experience?  Instead it feels like a brunch that's a bit better than a college cafeteria.  Most of the main food is cramped into a small side area with deserts being spread out to the other side of the room.  They should create a larger dedicated space for brunch where everyone is not cramped like sardines into such a small unimpressive area.  I know they have a private room adjacent to the main room, this would work perfectly, but of course then it would be much more obvious how few choices there really are.  The best thing about desert was the homemade donut making machine.  If you wait you can watch your donut being made from start to finish, brilliant!  The English Trifle was awful.  It would be better to not serve something that is such a traditional dish if you don't at least look at a recipe for how to make one.  I have had trifles all over the world and this takes the cake for the worst one ever.I wish that I could say this place was fantastic all around, but it is not.  The room is already fantastic.  It's time to take charge and get the food up to par.
2	My wife and I are from Akron, Ohio and spent last weekend at Station Square for a Valentine's day getaway. We ate at Grand Concourse last Saturday evening, Feb 18th.Ambiance was very nice ! Other than that, we have nothing much good to say about Grand Concourse. This place is very much over rated & over priced in our opinion. Wife & I both ordered appetizers. My $7.00 Clam Chowder came in a big bowl but chowder was no more than 1/4 inch off the bottom of bowl. Wife's $13.00 Shrimp appetizer consisted of 5 small shrimp. Waiter took order & left before we could order a salad nor did waiter even ask if we wanted a salad. After completing our appetizers, we sat there 15 min & still had not received my diet coke or given any bread. Had to remind waiter that I ordered a diet coke & ask for bread. Both wife & I had Cowboy steak entree with mashed potatoes. Steak was ok but mashed potatoes were cold, hard as a rock & very lumpy. Spent well over $100 and we had no salads, no alcoholic beverages and no deserts. Go elsewhere to eat ! Do not recommend Grand Concourse. I am sure Pittsburgh has many other fine restaurants that offer much better quality food for the money.
4	I have been fortunate to have traveled quite a bit in my life.  Pittsburgh for some reason was just one of those cities I had never been to - until this past weekend.  A recommendation from a friend of mine led me to Grand Concouse, and their brunch most specifically  "Holy cow, the best brunch I have ever been to period.....you have to go".  I could not leave Pittsburgh without a stop.This place is as magnificent as was described. Walking in the front door I know I am going to spend $35+ on brunch and probably not care.  An opulent converted train station from time long past.  Grand staircase, glossy tile, stained glass, majestic vaulted ceilings, lush green plants, carved wood, live piano,  and polished brass rails.  Not so polished hostess. There was no line in front of the hostess stand, just a woman on her side of the barrier poking at a computer screen.  I waited.  I waited some more.  I raised my hand and placed it on the wood rail.  FINALLY a response.  No other contact, except verbal and vaguely directed towards me burst with mouth pointed in another direction - "I'll be with you".  Another few moments go by and finally we talk and make eye contact.  I was by myself traveling on business, which I extended into a long weekend.  I asked for a seat for brunch.  Somehow this seemed to stun this woman.  Was I the very first person with such a request?   After gathering her thoughts, she said that she could offer a reservation such as mine , (not sure what that means) a seat in the adjacent Gandy Dancer Saloon.   Was I too white?  Was I too overweight and she wanted to impart exercise into my eating regime?  I thought I was dressed properly....  What could this possibly mean?   Insulted but knowing I still had access to the brunch, minus some of the stellar  view, I was in, and thrilled.  I was not going to be broken.I happily had a seat adjacent to the bar.  Gandy Dancer Saloon front row seating  to my right, buffet extraordinaire across the way to my left....happy and excited man.  I was greeted by the bartender, a 2nd generation Irish man, minus the cheezy fake accent at my seat.  Quick conversation, and I had a stellar Woodford Reserve Old Fashioned to calm my equally muddled nerves.  I was ready.  Finally the service matched what  was expecting.  I was instructed how to attack this impending magnificent display.Within sight was a machine with fresh made to order donuts which I happily dipped in powdered sugar and cinnamon.  This alone (along with my Old Fashioned) could have made my day.  I was ready for action.From there I walked into the main room, past the dessert section, complete with made to order Bananas Foster.  Just past that was another assortment of other sweet indulgences.  Steps away was a chef making omelettes to order.  Wow.This brunch is amazing.  The main stations include scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browned potatoes, a carving station with ham, turkey, and prime rib.  Chicken Picatta.  Pasta dishes.  There is salmon prepared in no less than 5 different ways, Lox, smoked, poached with dill spinach and cheese, cured and peppered.  Smoked bluefish.  Chilled muscles.  Peel and eat shrimp.  Etc, etc, etc.  Impressive.A couple of things surprised me, including puddled wet plates, undercooked scrambled eggs (just the way I like them) and buttered poppy seed rolls in the buffet trays, but I didn't care.  Perhaps it was the bourbon talking, but damn, this is an amazing brunch.If i were there to celebrate my 50th Birthday, I would reserve a table for 8 of my closest friends in the Gandy Dancer Saloon.  It's closer to the donut machine, and the professional bartender who understands what great service means.Indulge.
2	I had fun, it's a beautiful place.  The service was really good and I love buffet dining.  Here's the thing.  The food ranged from bad to just ok.  I am there for the food.  There are a couple reviews about this restaurant that exclaim that it's the best buffet ever.  I should have really ignored them and focused on all the more critical reviews on this restaurant as they really rang true.  Normally when the reviews are this mixed I stay far away.  I don't know where to begin.  How about the omelet station.  It takes a tremendous amount of skill to make a good omelet on a flat top.  It just isn't done this way.  You have to spread out a lot of egg and quickly fold it onto itself to give it any depth.  If you leave it flat, it's done before you can warm any ingredients or melt any cheese.  I watched rubbery brown thin wrappers of egg surround cold and bland ingredients flow from a well meaning omelet station attendant.  How could you? I didn't realize it until later but if you're looking for the french toast, it's hidden in back of the omelet station in a hotel pan.  I never did find it until we were on our way out the door.  The best 2 things about this brunch were the automatic donut machine and the bagels.  Neither of which this place makes on their own.  In fact, I noted quite a few things they don't actually prepare here at all.  The meat carving station looked nice and I chose the Gobi Dessert of pork loins.  It isn't 1950 and you don't have to cook pork within an inch of it's life anymore.  There wasn't anyone in the kitchen today that knows how lean a cut this is and how if you're going to put it out on a carving station it should be cooked til slightly pink in the center. The desert station isn't worth my time to talk about.  There isn't a real pastry chef there and the cookies were clearly out of a box.  The chocolate cake tasted like Duncan Hines with the frosting that you get out of a can.  Another sad and depressing effort here in the Burgh.  Sigh.
2	Too bad that such a pretty restaurant should offer such mediocre food. I was tempted to go with 3 stars here, as this place is so much fun to visit, and there were elements to my experience that I enjoyed. But that would be misleading, as the food that I ate only warrants 2 stars. I visited the omelette station first. This is a flattop omelette, so was more filling than egg, and I had to ask the woman cooking it to remove it from the grill before she overcooked it. It was edible but nothing to recommend. I got some sausage, potatoes and an English muffin from the hot buffet line, and, while nothing was terrible, I've had better quality food at a Hilton Garden Inn. I also gave the two fish preparations that were being offered a try. The salmon with hollandaise and spinach was nice, but the breaded white fish with capers was obviously a frozen filet and not made fresh there at all. I had read about the donut station, and was pleased with the wonderful little machine that spits them out and the donuts themselves. This was probably the best thing I ate. I always leave room for dessert at a buffet such as this, as it can often be the best part of the meal. I might have saved myself the calories, as the desserts here were the most disappointing part of the brunch...cake from a box, cookies from the store, and a chocolate truffle that, like the place itself, only looked good on the surface.
4	Good, consistent restaurant in Station Square.  I've been going here since I was extremely young and have always found something great to eat.  The interior is beautiful too - it's old train station converted into a restaurant and bar.  This makes for an excellent trivia bit if you happen to be with out-of-towners.  By the way, my favorite dish: Linguine with red clam sauce.  The pasta is always fresh and homemade, and I always leave dinner satisfied.
2	This review is for the Easter Brunch/Dinner. We went here for Thanksgiving and our experience was 5 stars. From the food to the service, everything was on point. However, Easter was a whole new game. We arrived 10 minutes prior to our reservation time, but we weren't seated until 45 minutes after our reservation time. During our wait with a room full of other eager people with reservations, the girl seating the tables, accepts money from a gentleman to be seated earlier. That was just not cool. You want to push a customers reservation to keep people happy, I understand, but accepting money when there is a room FULL of people is unacceptable. The food was average. Maybe my expectations were high after our Thanksgiving experience, but I was disappointed. I don't think we will be back for the Easter Brunch in the future.
2	While the view of downtown Pittsburgh from the River Room at the Grand Concourse is wonderful, the service and food were less than spectacular.  There was a wedding reception taking place in the main dinning room, and the restaurant was quite busy.  We were seated at 7:40 pm for our 7:15 pm reservations.  The first wait staff arrived with water a few minutes after 8pm.  The service was friendly and pleasant, but very slow.  The best part of the meal was the bread.  Warm and delicious with excellent whipped butter.  However, that is were the excitement over the food ended.  Two people in our party ordered fish (one tilapia and one sole).  Both were average at best, with heavy breading and little flavor.  The filet was ordered medium rare and was served medium well.  The overall presentation and "feeling" of the food seems more appropriate for 1880 (when it was a functioning train station) than 2012.  Love the view and the interior space of this restaurant, but given the experience of the meal i would not be quick to return.
5	I really enjoy The Grand Concourse. My dinner experiences have been good, but the thing that I love most is the All-You-Can-Eat Sunday Brunch buffet; I am not a person that likes buffets. A tad pricey at almost $30 a person, it is definitely worth it since all of the items are fresh. Did I mention they have prime rib?On each of my dinner excursions, I have had something special made for me by the chef due to allergies, and each time it was really good. More often than not, though, if I am going to The Grand Concourse it is because I am at the Sunday Brunch eating prime rib. It has gotten to the point where I actually have a routine. That routine always ends with a fresh cinnamon sugar doughnut with a chocolate truffle in the doughnut hole covered in warm bananas foster.
4	We had the dynamite oysters for a starter per the recommendation of our server, and they were pretty good.  I had the Jerk Mahi-Mahi and Shrimp, and actually thought the shrimp was a bit better in terms of the taste profile.  I think the seasonings went better with the shrimp, but the mahi-mahi still tasted great.  I preferred the Monterey Bay Fish Grotto over this place, as I'm a huge seafood fan, but I still enjoyed the meal!
1	They placed my husband under a heavy stained glass lamp with a broken piece directly above his head. I have been working in stained glass for 30 years and can tell you that the glass was perilously close to falling out and hitting his head. When I told our server my professional opinion, he asked me how stained glass windows are made. Then my husband spotted that, not only had they placed a fold-up table with plates and glasses in front of the EMERGENCY EXIT, it was padlocked and chained. We told a server and she said SHE hadn't locked it. We told another, and he said it was to stop people coming in from the street. EH? We told the manager and, after I started raising my voice, he soothingly told me he'd unlock it FOR ME.Is food worth risking your life for?
1	While atmosphere was impressive food was average at best. Fish was good, potatoes were old. They were brown and dry. The veggie was asparagus which was good but only served 2 stalks. I guess asparagus is scarce in western Pa.  Asked waiter change for the valet and was told he was busy and it would take a few minutes for him to get it. Had clam chowder as well. Clams were tender but soup had little flavor and was so thick it clung to the spoon at the end. A new chef and creative flare to the menu is essential.
4	The Grand Concourse is located in a restored train station.  The main dining room has ornate stained glass and a high, curved ceiling.  There is also dining in a smaller, side room with river views.  Bring your camera for some fantastic photo opportunities.We dined there on a Sunday evening and enjoyed the "Distinctive Dining" option which features three courses for $25.99 per person.  At first I was upset that we were seated in the river view dining area, but it was enjoyable to watch the boats and trains go by along with watching the sunset and how the lighting from Pittsburgh's skyline seemed to dance and play with the river.Service was not the best I have ever received but wasn't bad, either.  When items were asked for they were promptly brought to our table.  However, in a higher end restaurant you usually don't expect to have to ask for water and bread refills.  Drinks were pricey (around $10 each for most) but that was to be expected.All of the food was tasty and enjoyable although the presentation was not as high a quality as I would have expected from a restaurant with these prices.I would have given it three stars, but the architectural beauty itself was worth the visit.They offer free valet parking but the catch is that it is only valid for two hours and our dinner there for a party of five took longer than that and we had to pay a small amount for parking.Overall I'm glad I went and do plan to visit again either for another dinner or their brunch.
5	This place has all the essential elements for a great Sunday Brunch.  1)  The restaurant itself is a very cool venue.  It is a converted / restored train station, which is absolutely beautiful.  The vintage photos of locomotives are wonderful to see.  Nice views out onto the river as well.  2)  The staff is very friendly and accomodating.  Good service.  3)  The brunch buffet has just about everything you could possibly want, and lots of it.  The food tasted great.  4)  This place has their own donut maker!!  How cool is that?  Freshly made delicious donuts, this place deserves 6 stars.  Come here for brunch, smile all afternoon...
5	Great place! I loved the food and the service is great. It is so clean and classy inside. Will be returning!
4	Beautiful setting in the city's old train station in Station Square: stained glass everywhere, marble staircases, the works. It feels like a special occasion when you're there. We took my stepson there because he was going to college the next day. The menu focuses on seafood, but there are other options. The appetizers were terrific: scallops still on the shell, and coconut macadamia shrimp (also available as an entree). The main courses took awhile to arrive, but the manager came over to apologize because a large banquet was being held in a private dining room. The rest of the main dining room was not so crowded, though. When the food did come, though, it was good. My stepson had the steak, and it looked good and he said it was good, but he's 18, and always starving. It was a bit pricy, considering. I had the bouillabaisse, which was fine--the crab legs that were part of it were a little messy, but they brought me a "towel service"--a warm damp towel and a half lemon to clean up with, which did help. No towelettes in this establishment. Jane had the salmon, which she thought was okay, but I think we all agreed that the appetizers and the setting were the best part. The table service was fine, but we were kept waiting at the hostess station when we arrived, even though, as I said, the restaurant was not crowded. Still, it was a nice place.
4	Excellent dinner.  We sat in the area by the river (the main dining room had a wedding that evening), with a lovely view.  Service was A+.  Food was excellent - my filet was cut-with-fork tender.  A little pricey ($300 for four, including drinks, appetizers, entrees, dessert, and coffee), but well worth the price for a special occasion.  I cannot eat wheat or dairy - the waiter was very accomodating.  Dropping one star only because my plate was a little austere, with a piece of broccoli, two asparagus spears, and my unadorned filet.  I need to eat very simply, so I particularly appreciate chefs that make an effort to create a pretty plate for me.  Others at the table raved about the lobster bisque and the chocolate mousse (which is not on the menu, you need to ask).  Overall, a very nice experience and we will be returning - probably for the Sunday brunch next time.
3	I really enjoy the old school charm of the Grand Concourse. Eating here is like stepping back in time in a good way. The restaurant is opulent and classy. There is a nice view of the river from the terrace where we were seated. My boyfriend treated me to a birthday dinner our reservations were at 4:30pm.  There was hardly any one else dining then.  I had the Alaskan Halibut. This was my first time eating halibut and since this was a special occasion I wanted to try something new.   I was served a hardy portion of fish. Really I could have used more spice in the dish I just felt that something was meh about the perpetration.  The Grand Concourse is a nice fine dining restaurant, but I feel that they played it safe with my entree and it lacked flavor.
1	I'm not inclined to waste time crafting a cleverly worded review for such a subpar experience, so I'll just bullet point it out after a little background. I remember going to the GC as a kid/teenager for special events that called for a special, grand space and fancy food. The GC back then did an admirable job of accomplishing that. The main dining room (once the passenger terminal for the old PA and Lake Erie RR) is a spectacular, inspiring environment, and the food, if a bit stuffy, was well executed and fresh.The other night was a sad reminder that things change, often not for the better. Thusly:1. Upon being seated a member of our party found a bunch of dirty cloth napkins _underneath_ the table. After asking the hostess what we should do with them we were met with something along the lines of "Well, I can't reach them so what would you like me to do?". This resulted in said party member handing the soiled linen to said hostess and quickly excusing herself to disinfect her hands. 2. We ordered a bottle of wine and the clearly inexperienced server didn't pour an even volume into all of glasses to the members of our party who were partaking. When we politely asked about this he said that if there's not an equal volume for the final glass then there's just not an equal volume for the final glass. As this is total hogwash we asked to speak to a manager who came over and provided a replacement glass of wine. 3. After the "wine incident" the waiter was visibly passive aggressive in his interactions with the table. It went so far as that when he'd walk away from our table, members of our party could see him shaking his head on multiple occasions. We were nothing but civilized following his mistake and this was obviously an amateur and immature reaction to not owning up to a simple mistake.4. I had the salmon Rockefeller. It was barely edible. The fish was cooked dry and was not hot. I take that back, it was at precisely the temperature that a piece of fish would be at after sitting under a heating lamp for 45 minutes. Similarly, the bernaise sauce was congealed and the spinach and crab stuffing had little crap and a lot of watery spinach. The caesar salad contained precisely 1 piece of anchovy. 5. We ordered dessert and coffee. The member of our party who ordered an Irish coffee was forgotten. When we asked after 15min for the item it arrived in less than a minute, cold, and with obviously canned whipped cream oozing down the side of the glass. Oh yeah, and no spoon.6. I ordered a beer. Despite the extensive wine list the GC has Coors Light on tap along with some other shitty beers and a couple of Sam Adams. I get they're not a gastropub or anything but there should be a little bit more attention to having one or two quality beers on draft.In summary, for about $40/person you can be sassed and served bad food in a delightful old building. It's a shame the GC has fallen so low. They need Gordon Ramsay to come in and knock some heads around because whatever they're doing these days is simply embarrassing.
5	Go for the brunch.  Do it.
1	I don't know about anyone else, but when I go to a restaurant I am grading them almost wholly on the merits of their food. This is in contrast to the plethora of reviews for this place and others where half of the review is spent talking about the architecture of the building etc. Hey, that's nice and all, but I came to eat - so what about the food and service?!?! Especially at the price point here. There in lies the problem with this place. Full-disclosure - I didn't choose this place it was for a birthday dinner. Also, due to the circumstances of that, I did not pay. Very thankful for that!First it's in station square, so you are gonna be shelling out money before you even get inside just for the privilege of parking your car and wading your way through the drunken college population. Yes, they have free valet if you are there for less than 2 hours as I understand it, but as you will see in my review....good luck with sticking to that time line. Reservations were for 7. What time did we get drinks? About 8. Yes. An hour just for drinks. Strike one.After appetizers came the salads. The problem here was I was clearly still finishing the appetizer on my plate when the waitress insisted on shoving the salad in front of me where there was clearly no room. Leaving her just holding it in the air hovering around my head. I guess I'm suppose to grab it from you and find room myself?! I didn't know what else to do at this awkward moment so that is what I did. This resulted in me clumsily knocking my fork on the table. Thankfully the napkin was strategically placed and I was spared any further disappointment. How about wait until there is room next time? Strike two. Finally came the entrees. Ordered the salmon rockefeller. Which is described as being 'stuffed'. I'm not sure how you would stuff salmon and therefore the spinach, bacon, and sauce were simply piled on top. There was no mention of how it was prepared on the menu but it was apparently fried in some way. Along with that came 2 things not mentioned on the menu at all - a pyramid of white rice and two(2) asparagus spears. Yes, two. Really? I think for $28 I can get at least 3 spears right?! It kind of felt like when you get a .10 raise at the supermarket as a teenager. Just keep them next time, I think that would have come off better. It was fine and all, but the portion was on the small side. Though a quick glance around the table at least showed that this is a consistent practice. Fit for women and small children perhaps but that's about it. Strike 3.Atmosphere. Not comfortable for me. Too loud to have conversation without screaming or leaning very close to who you are sitting with. Strike 4. In short - if you like going somewhere and paying for awful service, small portions, and food priced at almost double what you can get at any number of other establishments at the same or better quality and taste go for it. P.S. Yes, the building is beautiful.
5	I went as a party of 6 for my parent's 40th wedding anniversary dinner.  When I made the reservation weeks before the date, via OpenTable, I mentioned in the "comments" box that it was a special night for my parents.  When our server first approached the table he addressed my parents with a "Happy Anniversary" and a "Congratulations."  It made them feel special and set the tone for a wonderful evening.   I was a little worried about taking them to the Grand Concourse for a special event because I read the reviews on Yelp and other sites saying that the venue was beautiful, the food was so-so and the service was terrible.  I am 100% happy that we took a chance.  The evening was wonderful.  We were seated in the river view dining area and at first I was disappointed because everyone talked about how beautiful the main dining area was (it was reserved for a wedding).  The river dining room was cozy with a fabulous view of the night city skyline across the river.  Our waiter was friendly, he went above and beyond providing great service for the table.  The food was very good and portions nicely sized.  I will 100% go back and hopefully have a chance to check out the main dining room.
5	Ill make my review quick on here =] -do make a reservation-request a window seat, worth the extra wait-both dinner and brunch are lovely here, although i do recommend the brunch-perfect place for out of towners-huge menu, something for everyonei will note however, i see a lot of negative reviews, i just recently ate here on my trip home to pittsburgh, and had a wonderful dining experience, i took my boyfriend here for his first time! Our service was good, our wait wasn't long, we did make a reservation, food was excellent, we parked valet for only $3! I will return again, whenever I'm in town I always make a point to come here!
4	I had a banquet event here and I was quite impressed with the service, as well as the atmosphere. The wait staff was very friendly and was able to keep everyone's order straight, despite the large group.I ordered a chicken dish that had a creamy sauce, some potatoes, and asparagus. It was a great dish, served hot. It had way more complex flavors than I was expecting. I also tried a bite of the pasta with vegetables.In a catered, sit down dinner service, I usually don't expect the food to be great or hot, but the Grand Concourse is a nice exception.
4	Came here with the whitest people I know aka my girlfriend's family for her grandfather's 90th birthday dinner which, for a 90 year old, started at 1:00 p.m. Luckily, they let us order from the dinner menu. The food was good, but the drinks... I tell you, I needed a drink or 3 to get through this. The espresso martini definitely provided a great social lubricant for what could have been a sequel to the movie "12 Angry Men" called "21 Waspy People". The decor and history definitely made a potentially awkward gathering less so ( long story short it was a train station covered with tar during WWII to hide from enemies and many years later was rediscovered as this beautiful stained glassed piece of history which was then converted into a restaurant). This is the perfect place to have awkward encounters over good food. If ever there is a lull in the conversation, just point at the stained glass ceiling and say "Well, would you look at that..." Then quickly order a drink and shove some quality seafood in you mouth.
3	Oy. What to do.  I've encountered a glitch along my 20+ year relationship with the Grand Concourse.  It's beautiful. It's posh. It has a donut machine. What's not to love???  Well, on my most recent trip with my lovely Sunday Brunch Club, I was fortunate enough to bring SIX newbies (+two returning, including myself) to experience GC's amazing brunch.  We were EXCITED.  The seating area was perfect; private enough for our dirty talk, but close enough to the buffet to gorge ourselves accordingly.  I began my feast with a trip to the carving station and shrimp bowl.  The turkey was a little dry and the shrimp a little hard, but I thought little of it. Plenty more to try, I always say!  My next stop was the omelet station where one of my brunch buddies discovered a hair in her dinner roll.  It happens.  She kept calm and brunch'ed on. In total, my personal brunch menu probably looked a little something like this: one piece of half-eaten dry turkey, a few overcooked shrimpies, some salad (mostly for show), two pounds of Dirt (who says Dirt is only for kids?  Chocolate mousse covered in Oreo cookies crumbles? YES!!!!)  and three hot-out-of-the-machine donuts.So - it's a 'pretty' brunch and the donut machine simply can't be ignored. But for $28 (including tax), I'm pretty sure the Casino and many other brunch establishments in our fair city have GC officially beat.  It's just not good enough anymore.
4	Good Sunday brunch. We had reservations, which I recommend. Had to wait a little in the buffet lines but nothing crazy. Nice view of the city in the riverside dining room.
4	With some time on my hands, family in tow, and a new year to enjoy I set off for the Sunday brunch at this esteemed location to enjoy a great breakfast! TO my great delight I was able to book a reservation straight from my phone through YELP*. Then when we arrived about 10 minutes early they promptly seated us before our reservation time and out at the windows looking out on the river and DAHN TAHN! What a great view for a wonderful brunch! Then the fun ensued! The staff was incredible... I especially enjoyed the cook preparing fresh pancakes and omelette he was friendly and made a mean omelette and a mean fresh blueberry pancake! Then there was the prime rib, smoked salmon, fresh doughnuts, and REALLY good banana fosters! Truly an enjoyable, tasty and beautiful experience! Definitely will be going again, and again, and again!
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.Absolutely beautiful inside with amazing service and food.My fiance and I went here for his birthday a two days after Christmas.  Our service was prompt and our server was well versed on the menu and wine choices.We had a delicious bottle of white that was on the seasonal menu.  It came with a half order of raw oysters that were incredible!I had the goat and blue cheese salad with the Sherry Vinaigrette.  Our server actually modified the dressing because she felt it was too tart...and it was delicious!  My fiance had the salad with warm bacon dressing which was amazing as well.I had the duck that had an orange glaze and came with sweet potato vanilla bean mashed potatoes...AMAZING!!!  This was the first time I had duck and it was cooked perfectly.My fiance had the salmon with jasmine rice which was ok.  He said my meal was better than his and after trying his I agree.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't the best salmon either one of us had ever had.For desert our server suggested this delicious apple pie/tart with a shortbread crust and cinnamon ice cream.  It wasn't on the menu but she told us about it because its so good...and let me tell you...it was!Overall, it was a wonderful meal.  One of the best I've had for 2012.  Yes, the meal was close to $200 (with tax and tip)...but we were there for almost three hours and everything was an experience!We will definitely be back again...I mean not every weekend because we couldn't afford it...but for a special occasion this is the place to go!
5	I'm starting to fall for the 'Burg. This converted train station is a wonderful backdrop for the lake and city views of Pittsburgh. Many great food choices.
5	I was here on November 2011. This is a magnificent old train station converted into restaurant. A true historical jewel in Pittsburgh.  I had a fillet Mignon that was really tender and juicy and very flavorful. I sat outside by the river bank and enjoyed a great of view downtown, the river and its many steel bridges. A very memorable experience.
5	I really like the GC as a go to fancy/special occasion dinner spot. They usually have some sort of 3 course meal special that is great. The lobster bisque is my favorite ever and the bouillabaisse is an experience to be had. Just a warning, it is on the expensive side, but I feel like it is also well worth it!
5	What an absolutely beautiful building, the interior of which will take your breath away!  We had reservations for Valentine's Day.  Valet parking, coat service.  We arrived a few minutes early so we had a drink at the bar.  We were promptly seated.  We ordered the Brie with apple chutney as an appetizer.  We also shared a bottle of Cabernet that they often serve as one of their house wines.  Both were delish.  I had one of the specials, a tenderloin and crab cake with mashed potatoes and asperagus.  My boyfriend had the crab and spinach stuffed salmon.  We were both very pleased with our meals.  For dessert we shared the key lime pie (fabulous) and coffees.  Our waitress and the staff were very kind and responsive.  Service was very quick, especially for such a busy evening.  We were happy and will be coming back again.
3	The coolest thing about brunch here is sitting riverside and wandering from serving table to serving table in the grand lobby.  But be forewarned - without reservations they seat you in the Saloon.  Why not 4 or 5 stars?  The food.  It's a seafood restaurant, but on the brunch buffet they have maybe one seafood dish.  And everything is cold - even the stuff they bring out fresh from the kitchen is cold.  The food was so forgetful I can't remember a single dish.
3	I preface my review by saying the Grand Concourse provides a great atmosphere and ambiance for a family outing. Great river views and a "grand" interior, hence the name. Good times can be had by all at this establishment.I have dined here several times over the past 5 years when visiting my wife's side of the family in the Burgh. They do an excellent spread for a brunch buffet and for Easter. From custom pancake and omelet station, to fresh donuts to a nice selection of smoked fish.My experience dining there for dinner about a year ago was slightly different. I find their offerings to be highly over priced. Then again I think only the "best of the best" restaurants should be charging $30+ a plate. We had a variety of appetizers, some better than others. The Calamari was very fresh and quite good. The Blue Point Oysters (raw) were also fresh, not a bad one in the dozen. The Brie with apple chutney was a nice sweet/savory appetizer. The crab crusted scallops, recommended by the waiter, were...odd and mushy.For my entree I ordered the duo of Salmon, the King Ivory (white salmon) and their typical "plank" preparation (pink salmon). It was served with a side of rice and grilled asparagus. This plate was $36, nevertheless, I jumped at the chance to order Ivory Salmon as it is a highly seasonal fish and if prepared right is one of my favorites. Unfortunately, both pieces of salmon were badly overcooked my guess is they were frozen. Borderline above well-done when it is a fish that should be medium-rare to medium. They did the white salmon zero justice as I have had this.We ordered the canoli's for desert, again recommended by the server, touting that they were selected as the best desert out of 100 some odd other deserts by Bobby Flay. The canoli's were disappointing after a glowing review.Overall the service was nice, the wine was great, the food just okay. Again, you are in for a more palatable experience when dining for brunch - which I will look forward to again in the coming months.
4	Had the combo with salmon, crab cake, and macadamia coconut shrimp. Excellent.  Caesar salad was very good. Service was poor once I got my dinner.  Never saw my waitress again until someone else brought me my bill. Double points on Mondays.
4	Just so you know, this isn't like the Grand Concourse in the Bronx!Being from NYC, when I think of Grand Concourse--a major thoroughfare in the Bronx-- I think of my friends who make some delicious Puerto Rican food, but when I went here, there wasn't a plantain to be seen!However, I did go for the Sunday brunch and it was great.  There was so much variety...chicken, fish, beef, ham, pasta, shrimp....plenty of sweets...cakes, bananas, foster, etc.  Plus you could get traditional breakfast items like waffles or omelets, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc.  Surprisingly, there was not so much on the fruits and vegetables tip.For kids they had chicken fingers and such.  Oh, and a donut making station.  The kids loved that!Service from Victoria was excellent.  Bloody Mary's were exceptional.The place itself is gorgeous...so beautiful with high ceilings and intricate carvings.  You really feel classy in a joint like this.  Too bad I was in shorts and a t-shirt.Anyway, I enjoyed this a lot.
3	I was here for Mother's Day brunch last year.They only get 3 stars bc the restaurant is so beautiful inside, and the brunch was ridiculously expensive.  The food was ok, there was a very long line for omelets--longer than it should have been but they are made to order so I understand that.  Things felt a little disorganized and as the restaurant was packed it was completely chaotic and not the relaxing brunch w/ our mother that we had hoped for.The only time we were blown away was when my sister and i saw the amount our bill came to.  I was def wishing I had more siblings with whom to split this check.The service just sucked.  Though we had reservations we had to wait and were seated out in a little porch area--which ended up being kind of cool because it was pouring rain and we were under sky lights so it was a little cozy.  However we were freaking PACKED in there to the point where I was unable to get out of my table bc the chairs from the table behind us were blocking us in.I would probably NOT come to the restaurant if I were given the option of chosing where we dined.  I MIGHT go to this restaurant again but only if Grandma said its where she wanted to go for her birthday.  Ok--I might try the brunch again.  I do heart omelets.  But this brunch is not something I am going to go out of my way for.This place is gorgeous inside but the over priced crappy food and the crap service do not make it worth while.3 stars for beautiful architecture and great potential.I want to like this place...but it just falls short.
4	We had our son's rehearsal dinner here last night and everything was great. The food was delicious , especially considering the number of dinners served all at once. The filet was excellent-very tender and done to perfection. The seafood trio was delicious as well and the portion was generous. The servers very friendly and attentive. The event planers Brian, who I dealt with mostly over the phone and Rachel who was there for the evening were great as well. I would recommend the restaurant as a beautiful venue for any special occasion.
5	I still dream about their Sunday brunch, even though we moved out of state 5 years ago. Nowhere has ever compared! This place truly delivers when it comes to brunch. There is something for everyone, from an omelet station, your traditional breakfast foods like waffles, pancakes, eggs, sausage, bacon, bagels, lox, fruit, to pasta, roast beef, seafood, and even a fresh donut machine. There is also a kids table with French toast sticks, sour patch kids, pb & j's, chicken tenders, and a few other kids items. I did sneak  few sour patch kids from time to time though ;-) Their coffee is also amazing, so don't forget to order that. And when you make your reservation (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED), ask for the waterfront room.For anyone who doesn't enjoy this brunch, I'd love to know where you've had better.
4	I've only been there for Sunday brunch (many times), so I can't speak for their lunch or dinner, but this is by far the best brunch in Pittsburgh.  It is a little on the expensive side ($26.95 per person), but the large variety they have makes the price worth it!  From every breakfast food you could imagine (made to order pancakes, waffles, and omlettes) to the tastiest prime rib & seafood, to the amazing desserts!...this place has it all!  However, you MUST save room for banana's foster, and of course a fresh donut that you can grab right out of the donut machine.  Tip: if you want a mimosa ($4), they don't start serving them until 11am.One downfall:  they really cram you in there.  The tables are way too close together with limited room to move, and not much privacy for conversation.
4	Went there for Sunday Brunch last weekend. The place itself is beautiful. Tall ceilings and a very old-timey feel. We ate in the "saloon." There is a piano player playing music the entire time and it sets a nice atmosphere. The food itself is very good and there is plenty to choose from. As previous reviewers have said they have tons of breakfast, lunch, and dessert foods. My favorite was the crispy bacon and the waffles with bananas foster over them. I also enjoyed the variety of smoked salmon. The only downfall of this place is the price per person. I know you get what you pay for for $26.95 seems slightly excessive for the amount of food you eat (I got really full quickly from the giant variety). Overall if you have the money, it's a great way to spend a sunday morning/afternoon.Also a neat additional feature is that you're within walking distance to the incline plane which we think runs free on the weekends. It's nice to get a view of the city on a sunny day.
2	Like Kristen H. I am giving stars for the beautiful architecture because the food was not worth it (every single food item was ice cold) and the bill was ridiculous.  We had been here about 5 years ago for a Sunday brunch and thought it was better than "Vegas type" brunches.  We were looking forward to an enjoyable Father's Day brunch, which by the way, when I called was told it was $24.95.  WRONG!  It was $29.99 (because it was Father's Day) and coffee was $2.95 each.  This is insane!  We have been eating brunch at Phipps Conservatory when the flower shows are in progress (only time they have brunch).  For either $24.95 or $22.95 (can't remember) everything except alcoholic beverages are includes and so is the tip.  By the way, so is the admission to the flower exhibits and you can walk through at a leisurely pace and spend as much time as you like!  The food is so much fresher at Phipps and the offerings a little more unique.  I will NEVER come back to The Grand Concourse for brunch.  it was overcrowded; we had reservations and still had to wait 35 minutes.  People were shoving in the lines and it wasn't a pleasant experience.  At Phipps, they only have so many seatings and they open the doors at exactly that time. They don't overcrowd the room.   No one else wanders in later unless of course they have a reservation for that particular seating and they're late.  As I said, NEVER AGAIN.
3	Eating brunch here is like dating a really hot girl with only an okay personality.  The setting is beautiful, and the food is good, but just doesn't match the looks.  There are a few highlights, including the freshly made donuts (in the back by the bar).   The prime rib, lamb, and ham are also rather good.   Service, despite being buffet style, is very good.  In fact, we've had great waitstaff every visit.The 3-star (mostly based on food) shouldn't be a deterrent. I still think it's a great place to bring out-of-towners for a special brunch.
3	Had reservations for brunch and we were not seated for 20mins. after our reservation.  Food was good but was not as great as everyone has told us.  I personally felt it was over priced for the quality and quantity provided.
4	I might be biased since this was the place I chose to take my girlfriend before I proposed on New Year's Eve. Either way the food, service and especially SETTING are all stellar!
4	I'm rating the Sunday brunch.  The brunch is pretty good, not excellent.  All of the expected offerings, with a few special items.  We did't have a view of the river, but it was quiet and nice.  The service was top notch.One star off because it simply is not worth the price and they auto-tipped us.
3	Excellent Lunch Menu!My Kiwanis Club meets here on Thursdays at 12:15pm, so I'm quickly becoming a regular.  I've tried to taste as many options from their lunch offerings as I can and I've yet to find one that I wouldn't order a second time.  Perhaps the only caveat to that would be that the fish & chips goes a little heavy on the breading around the fish so it fills you up with dough/batter rather than wish fish.Service is quick.  The wait staff knows their stuff.  And the view (ask for the river view!) is tremendous.  For those looking to get away from the downtown hustle and bustle but want to stay accessible to work, the Grand Concourse is certainly an option that will not disappoint.
2	What's the point of a reservation if I still have to wait 30 minutes?!? The brunch lacks order and the staff is mediocre in managing the crowds of those with reservations versus walk-ins. Could have found better things to do with my time.
5	Fabulous!Came here for brunch with my BF's family. The place is gorgeous inside! Very old and preserved (in a good way). The waitstaff was very friendly and professional, and the food was fantastic. The brunch menu includes bagels, lox, rice, carved meats, eggs, omelets, waffles, hash browns, chicken tenders, candy, desserts, and more! Get there around 11am since it tends to get packed around 12pm and 1 pm. Was my first but definitely  not my last time to visit the grand concourse!
2	The brunch is really nice, but going there for dinner is just not worth it. Only went because of a coupon, and I found it too old-fashioned, with sub-par food. Can't beat that donut machine for brunch though!
2	Food was average at best when you consider the price.  Our table had a broken leg being held up by a plate and portions of food were extremely small
4	We were here for my boyfriend's work Christmas party last night and I have to rave about the food.  The food potions for the evening were crab cakes and a filet. The filet melted in your mouth. It was by far one of the best steaks I've ever eaten. The down side was the only option for dessertwas cheese cake.  I am lactose intolerant. The salad was a Caesar.  I don't like lots of dressing and it was swimming. It was good, but over dressed for my tastes. The view was amazing. The city looked great as always. The room we were in was long and narrow. it was hard talk to others because of the narrow room. We will definitely go back.
5	I've had nothing but good experiences here...two great dinner dates and three great trips to the awesome Buffett brunch which I dream about sometimes. The service is always top notch. The dynamite scallops are out of this world. Can't wait to return. Oh, and the place is just beautiful and great views of the river.
1	After having a lovely meal two years ago at the grand concourse, we were very excited to return to this location. Unfortunately our expectation had nothing to do with the reality of a very poor meal.The service was slow to the point of neglect. Drinks were never refilled after the initial serving. With a party of six, three of the meals we're delivered cold after a 25 minute wait. Having to send them back it took another 25 minutes to get the replacement meals which were missing the sauces, etc..  It took a manager to get the sauces for the meals. At this point half of our party had eaten, and the other half was ready to leave.We had to box our own meals, and forget about being asked if we would like a cup of coffee to cap the meal... That was not in the stars. Needless to say, we will not be back.
5	I took my girlfriend there for our anniversary on a Friday night. We got all dressed up and made reservations for 8pm but when I arrived we clearly didn't need reservations. It was kind of empty and I was kinda disappointed when the hostess took us all the way to the back of the restaurant not seating us in the main dining room because the old school architecture was a marvel to look at. It use to be an old train station I believe? But since it was late at night the whole river and city were light up so our seat was very romantic. Our waiter, his name was Greg I believe was truly amazing and knowledgeable. They gave us special menues that had happy anniversary printed on them and told us we could keep the menu's which just added to the fun of the experience. We started out with a few cocktails, memory escapes me what we tried but they were all very good and ordered fresh oysters on the half shell, bruschetta montrachet, and almond encrusted brie. Oh my goodness everything was quite amazing and tasty. My girl friend was already full by the time the main course came which didn't stop me from taking a few bites of her dish of shrimp fresca and my dish of tilapia provencale. Both were very filling and well served. Greg was an exceptional waiter. He had our drinks filled before we even needed to ask and checked on us often to make sure everything was cooked perfectly. He even told us a funny anniversary story about his parents that made us laugh and feel welcomed. We got a rich chocolate dessert to split after as well. All the while a piano player in the background played top 40 songs on his keys as it became fun trying guess and sing along to the songs he was playing. Our experience was fantastic even though the bill was kind of expensive but hell it was totally worth it in my opinion. It honestly felt like we were kings and queens by the amount of good food we ate and the treatment our server gave us. I would definitely go back there for a special occasion and recommend this place to others.
4	The atmosphere was very nice, the view of the river was beautiful. The service was good and the food was good.
5	This place is beautiful on the inside. I ordered one of the specials of the night. It was plank cooked salmon with asparagus and potatoes. The best seafood dish I've ever had in Pittsburgh. Coming from Boston it's been hard to deal with the reality that there's just not as great of a seafood choice here. This dish made me happy again.
2	We finally tried the talked about Brunch at the Grand Concourse. Going in with high expectations, we left very underwhelmed. Not only are the food stations scattered around the dining room, but the food options themselves are lacking. The 'hot station' has what I would call your typical breakfast buffet (eggs, bacon, sausage, etc.). There's a carving station with prime-rib, ham and turkey - the high point of the meal.Salad option were mushy, and the Bananas Foster was a quickly thrown together imitation, though the donut station was unique.My made-to-order Bloody Mary was good, though.3 cocktails and two brunches for $75 -- I was expecting much, much more.
3	I really wish I could do a half-star, as I would give this place 3.5 stars - as I'm torn between 3 or 4.The location and pure ambience of this place are truly spectacular.  It's a timeless, classic that almost makes you think you're stepping back into the 1920's or 30's as part of a grand era of dining reserved only for the elite of that time.The architecture is pretty incredible too, to which I would recommend eating in the main dining area to soak in the "grandness" of the place.  Plain and simple - it's breathtaking...which might be way it gets some higher ratings.  All that aside, the food is just really good...not great or over-the-top in any way.  The service is fine, as well...again, nothing to brag about - just solid.I think this is a place to reserve for special occasions or family get-togethers during holidays, but not something to put on the "regular rotation" for eating.  It certainly warrants at least one visit if you're in the area...just don't forget to save up your pennies for this place, as you will not leave without spending some bucks eating here.
4	Had brunch at the bar for Easter. Call days ahead for reservations.  This place is busy for brunch. We were visiting from put of town. Bloody Mary's are average. Our male bartender kinda sucked. They girl bartender there is awesome thou. Food was great. We will definitely comeback when we are in town
5	Writing this after my third trip to the Grand Concourse in Pittsburgh, one of my favorite "non-chain" restaurants in the area.After my family's recent trip to Pittsburgh, they bragged of how amazing this restaurant. After some hesitation, I decided to give this restaurant a try. Would it live up to its name? Oh, yes it did!While on a leisure trip in Pittsburgh, I decided to wander over to Station Square on Sunday morning for their legendary brunch. Upon arrival, there were several valets, waiting upon the stopping of my vehicle. Since we forgot reservations, we had to sit in the bar section, so I would highly recommend reservations. Nonetheless, even the bar section (with young children) was memorable. The buffet had everything you could possibly ask for; pancakes and french toast, bacon and ham, primer rib, chicken, rolls, salads, etc.; almost anything you could imagine was on this buffet-even caviar. And at $20 per seat, It was a steal!So when you travel to Pittsburgh, make sure you check out the wonderful brunch at the Grand Concourse.
4	I definitely like this place. I wasn't expecting such a classy dining experience and though I was wearing dress casuals, I felt a little under dressed. Our waiter (Greg I think) was very accommodating from start to finish. The drinks were great and the food was pretty good. I actually had my main dish sent back because it was inedible when it was brought out (probably because it sat too long while waiting for the rest of the table's order) but it was handled with no problem. The menu is a bit pricey, but it was a special occasion so it was worth it.
4	My husband treated me to Sunday Brunch as part of my birthday celebration.  We used the online reservation system through Yelp search and only had to wait a few minutes when we arrived.  The food was good, service was great and atmosphere special.  The only reason I didn't give five stars was I felt the the cost was a little high.
4	I went for brunch today it was very good. Our waiter Colin was very attentive to our needs. He received a 20% tip. The roasted chicken was cooked just right and  it was very flavorful and not dry. The beef at the carving station was cooked medium which was perfect for me. I had the Moscato Bellini it taste good, I just wished the glass were bigger. The dessert was ok...my favorite was the sticky buns. The manager was very nice as it came close to 3p.m. he went to every table to see if we wanted more food before they took everything away. I would recommend the Sunday brunch.
4	between 4 and 5 stars. the food is absolutely delicious, but then again, sea bass is hard to mess up :P the drinks weren't as impressive, but the food and dessert are so absolutely delicious, for the food alone this place doesn't deserve less than a 4 star. the prices weren't out of ordinary for a fine dining place like this. the only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is, well, nothing's exactly out of expectation good either. Wish I could give it a 4.5-star.
5	I was in Pittsburg for a wedding and I was looking for a place to get brunch with my boyfriend.  I read the reviews on the great concourse, and this place doesn't disappoint.  Great atmosphere, excellent serivce, and it was gorgeous out so we sat outside.  I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a nice place to eat.  I will defiantly be back next time I'm in Pittsburg.
2	I really wanted to like the Grand Concourse - so I made a reservation to take my wife there for our wedding anniversary. This was our first time here. I've seen the pictures and was looking forward to seeing the opulent dining area. Our visit, however, didn't meet our expectations. Service:  - The guys who walked in behind us were greeted before us, despite us standing right next to the front desk.  - Our server mixed up our drinks and our meals between the two of us. There was also no attempt to make our visit feel special aside from a pre-printed menu that said "happy anniversary." Reading other reviews, I'm sad that we didn't get the same attention and service that others here have. Atmosphere:  - I'm sure the place is lovely inside, but we never got to see it. The entire concourse was closed off for a wedding reception. This is great for the wedding party, but it would have been nice to have been informed of this before we walked in the door for our reservation.  - It was very loud and difficult to hold a conversation, not lending itself to a romantic night out.  + The back room has a nice view of the city and we were able to sit near the windows. Food:  + The rolls were excellent and were served with butter and salmon pate.  - Bruschetta Montrachet: Good flavors but unfortunately the "crisp flatbread" was soggy by the time it made it to our table.  + Caribbean Combo: Crabcake and potatoes were both good. The coconut shrimp with mango salsa were excellent.  + Filet Mignon: A decent cut of steak, but not as good as others we've had. Only 2 pieces of asparagus were on the plate. You'd think $27 would buy a few more pieces.   - Drinks: Overpriced and underwhelming at $9 a piece. For what ended up as $50+ per person, I would have liked this to be a much better experience than it was. I'm happy to pay that much for a meal if the service is up to par, but it was not. As my wife and I were describing the service experience on the way home we simultaneously said, "Applebees" - certainly not "Grand." In the end, it doesn't look like we will be back. We have been to plenty of other restaurant options with solid service and excellent food for less.
3	I went there on Sunday, Father's Day of all days! They were booked for reservations but did have an area of the restaurant called the saloon were you could just get a table. The weight was about 10 minutes, not bad! The concourse is an amazing place to awe if you love architecture. The food was buffet style all you can eat, only on Sundays. It wasn't bad, just wished they had more warm plate options though, and limit the desert options.
5	We went here for a family dinner. Everything was excellent. The views of Pittsburgh and the river are awesome. The building, a former train station is gorgeous. I ordered the filet mignon, it was cooked perfectly like I ordered. The side of potatoes were amazing. This is definitely an awesome place to go if you are visiting from out of town.
1	Visited Pittsburgh for my mother's 60th birthday this year the weekend of March 1st.  This restaurant came highly recommended from one of my coworkers.   I was extremely excited to show my Mom a good time.   This Grand Concourse turned into a humiliating disappointment.  First of all, I had reservations from Open table that for some reason they could not find which was very weird.   I had to show them my reservation on my phone for them to see that I had made reservations.   We then we're taking on a "tour" of the main dining area by our very impersonable waitress.  We were under the impression that we were being seated there but were seated in the back of the facility in a separate "servant" area near the kitchen.  Our waitress never told us why just handed us menus and walked away.   The new waiter came out whom by the way was impersonable also.  Never introduced himself just asked were  we ready to order.   Disappointed, I informed my mother that I didn't feel the need to patronize here and we gathered our things to leave.   On the way to front door I asked to speak to manager. She advised me were sat in the very back of the restaurant due to a large wedding that was to take place in the main dining area.  Something that her two waiters should have been able to tell me. She tried to convenience me to stay and give a discount.   I am not one that looks for handouts therefore I denied her offer and told her that she should inform her staff that they should be at least warm and welcoming at all time and explain the details of the Business of the restaurant so one does not have to question if they are being discriminated against.  Had I been informed of this at the very beginning I may have very well stayed but because of the "I'm better than you" mentality as well as lack of communication I chose to walk.  I refuse to patronize a place that does not know how to at least be warm and welcoming with its guest.  So...  The Hard Rock Cafe nearby... was just fine and great service!!!! Grand Concourse can never get my service!
5	I booked a special group dinner event for my mother's 90th Birthday. We had a total of 30 guests including 5 of her great great grand children.  Because of our small group we were seated in the "Ladies Waiting Room" that is a part of this grand old train station that has been brought back to its former glory. Group events do not generally rate my high expectations.  The Grand Concourse has, in my mind, raised the bar.  The service was exemplary.  The food was very good.  I felt that everyone from Brian and Jennifer in the banquet office to the servers to the kitchen staff were all a big plus in bringing our event to a successful conclusion.  The grand Concourse team demonstrated to me and all of our guests that they really care.
5	Food: 5Decor: 5Ambiance: 5Service: 4.5Value: 5
5	Amazing place!!! Great place great food. Greg was very gracious and went out of his way to assist us and our friend.
5	We took our son there for his 21st birthday and had a small group of seven. Definitely a nice place for special occasions! Upscale with service to match and amazing atmosphere and view of the river and Pittsburgh skyline. Food was excellent across the board except for one side that was extremely salty -- server never hesitated and was prompt to address the issue to our satisfaction.
4	Another enjoyable dining experience. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating as we remembered from visits there in years past.
3	As far as ambiance, this place is awesome. It's located inside of an old train station and the details are beautiful. It actually would make for a cool event venue. The service was great throughout the meal but the food really wasn't anything great. The mussels and crab cakes are what I would recommend. The prices are Ok but the portions are small. I would return but I am confused as to why this place was dead at on a Friday night...
4	A terrific Sunday brunch with made-to-order omelets, fresh fruit, baked goods, the infamous donuts, and all for a reasonable price. Service was very good, atmosphere terrific. The room overlooking the river is less dramatic, but marvelously quieter.
4	Place is beautiful! Wonderful view of the river and city! Staff is nice, but could be a little more attentive, at least in the case of my waiter. Myself & BF chose a salad starter (Caesar & wedge) and both were tasty. I ordered the cowboy ribeye which was accompanied by creamy mash potatoes. It was giant (16oz) & so yummy. My bf also ordered a steak, the ny strip, and his was smothered with an onion and mushroom based gravy, also great! My favorite dish however was dessert. We ordered the  chocolate truffle cake, basically a molten chocolate lava cake with French vanilla ice cream topped with Heath bar shavings. Holy moly so GOOD! That was definitely a great end to the evening. The bill was just a little over $100 for 2, but for what we got I thought it was a solid deal, and walked away fully satisfied ;-)
4	I've been here now a few times with my girlfriend and her family to celebrate special occasions and we've been seated both on the waterfront and inside the main hall.  Eating inside such a large, beautiful train terminal is truly a sight to behold which lends great ambiance to your meal and a great feeling of elegance.The food I've had has all been tasty as well, with extra points going towards the lobster bisque which was great and surprisingly filling.  The multiple seafood dishes I've eaten here have all tasted fresh and been prepared well, and the dessert is a decadent way to end the evening if you can manage to have enough room left over after the generous dinner portions to eat any.The only minor critique I have is that a side dish was once served cold to a member of my party, but when informed the waiter apologized profusely and offered to bring him another.
2	Location, location, location. Without it this would be just another mediocre restaurant passing itself off for a great place to eat. In today's amazing world of eateries this joint needs serious reinvention.
2	I moved to Seattle after living in Pittsburgh for 25 years. The Grand Concourse WAS one of the best places to have a buffet brunch. It might still be a decent brunch buffet but no way am I coming back to find out. I'm visiting from Seattle for the holiday weekend. We did not come for brunch. We came today for my sister's birthday -- which also happened to fall on Labor Day. It was the lunch menu. I'll start off by saying that the two stars are solely because the dessert was free and that they sat us in the river room so we had the view of the city. I will also make the point that I am a pretty food-conscious and flavor mindful enthusiast who really doesn't mind occasionally dropping a couple bucks for some artful presentation and effort. We had originally wanted to go to Eleven, but they were booked solid for brunch. Our waitress began our experience by telling us that since it was a birthday table, we would receive the dessert for free. When we replied that was nice, she continued on to announce, "yeah it's awesome because the management never used to do that but the servers took a poll and voted that birthday tables should have free dessert." Well good, now that you've announced blatantly that you don't mind knocking the dessert off your already completely overpriced 4top tab, we will be sure to give you cool points. (Thought that was a bit out of place to begin with.)We then proceeded to order gazpacho and my mom, the lobster bisque -- which was decent and the gazpacho was tasty but the portion was slightly large for an appetizer and the consistency was more like eating a bowl of salsa, which I didn't like, but my dad and sister didn't mind. My mom enjoyed her lobster bisque just fine but said it wasn't anything special. It wasn't. I could tell by looking. Speaking of lobster, upon entering we also passed a dingy lobster tank and I got a daunting feeling at that early moment. Come on. If you are going to be 1980s tacky and display them in a tank for the public to see, at least clean it!At this point in our meal, the waitress asked us if we wanted bread. We said we did and she said it would be a couple minutes because they had just put it in the oven. 25 minutes went by without bread. At one point when she walked past the table and asked if we were needing anything I said politely that we were fine and that we were just waiting for the bread basket, thinking she had forgotten. She replied shortly, "So am I."Ok then, ma'am. Hopefully the person who p*$$ed in your cereal this morning didn't do the same in my entree. The Special of the day was Sockeye Salmon -- entitled "Salmon of the Angels." Being that I have lived in Seattle for two years, Alaskan Sockeye is one of my favorite dishes, no matter how it is prepared and I was excited to have it available. The entree was priced at 30 dollars, which is about double what it would be in a location closer to the source so I thought nothing of it and figured a landlocked city would have to price for importing as well. The description said it was served with angel hair in a cream sauce and Parmesan encrusted shrimp. When it arrived, it was the most insulting experience of all. The salmon was about shy of four ounces and cooked through and sat atop a huge pile of pasta that looked like ramen noodles mixed with what looked like Prego pasta sauce, sour cream, and canned stewed tomatoes. Around the plate were placed three deep-fried shrimp that looked like the kind of basket food you get at Long John Silvers. So it was basically a cheap pasta dish, with a chunk of salmon on top and deep-fried shrimp. Gag. I noticed that one of the 15 dollar lunch entrees was fried shrimp and I thought immediately that the shrimp on my plate was probably the same shrimp used for the other lunch entree. Simply inexcusable -- just plain wrong. A thirty dollar entree should be a prize. I thought this was a chefs restaurant but apparently it is no longer. Next time I'll just deal with the fact that I couldn't get a reservation for Eleven or Avenue B and forget it. At this point the waitress never asked us if we wanted another drink, another glass of wine, nope. I wanted one but there was no way this place was getting any more of my money. I am the kind of person who pays for quality and it would have been fine if it was worth the price, but we were robbed.We waited again for her to bring the check and even then she had to come back to grab our food to box it before bringing the bill. She didn't even have the kitchen label which to-go box of ours was which when we ordered the same. Lastly, I'll say that I feel as if the service might have been worse because it was a holiday. Please do not hire servers who show their disdain for working on holidays to their table. I worked at a top restaurant on Seattle's Eastlake, and our owners would not have tolerated that for one shift. But then again we also served food that fit the description and priced it accordingly.
2	The inside was beautiful and the food was okay.  I came fOR brunch.  Honestly not worth the price.  This is the first buffet I've ever been to where you had to pay separate for a soft drink.  Our service was awful and the food was just as good as Eat 'n Park's.  I wouldn't return here unfortunately.
4	I was told this is the place to go in PIttsburgh for an event-style dinner.  A dear friend was leaving town, so we made a special night of it.  Based on some of the mediocre reviews I was half-expecting to be fully disappointed.  Whether or not due to the limited expectations, I must say I was thoroughly impressed!For starters, the view from that area is truly yummy.  On a warm night, walking anywhere around Station Square offers great views of the city...  but given that it was particularly chilly, the cozy restaurant atmosphere combined with the beautiful view was particularly appreciated.As for the food, again, I had low expectations.  Most fancy restaurants I've been to offer tiny portions and a lot of puffed up descriptions that don't usually do much for me.  Glad to say however, we were both rather pleased with our dishes.  I don't even remember what exactly we ordered-- but suffice to say it was some kind of seafood drenched in awesome-sauce.Overall it was a great evening.  The service was good, food was great, and we couldn't get enough of the view.  I'd definitely visit again.
4	A good choice for a special occasion. The food is always good here but I just can't quite give it 5 stars because I expect more when I am paying more. The inside is quite nice decor wise.
1	This place had the nerve to email me through yelp requesting to see if the issue can be resolved  and then. .  NO ONE followed up  to reach out to me after I left a message for the requesting  party.  BUT I expect nothing more.  POOR CUSTOMER  SERVICE
2	This restaurant is completely empty for lunch on every day other than Sunday. There is a reason why: it is overpriced and the quality is lacking severely. I ordered fish and chips, which were overly greasy and under-seasoned. The fish itself tasted old. A friend ordered a dish with rice that was soggy.We did return for the extravagant Sunday lunch that included such options as smoked salmon, mac and cheese, waffle station, a mix of salads, and a typical selection of breakfast meats and eggs. My favorite was the automated doughnut machine that continually produced piping hot, deep-fried treats that were coated in powdered sugar or cinnamon sugar. However, even though the brunch was filling and fun, the place still felt like a tourist trap in which quality was sacrificed in the name of quantity.
5	My mom & I went here for the first time last evening. I made a reservation ahead of time & asked to be put near the windows. The view was gorgeous. The entire ambiance of the restaurant was beautiful. Service was slow, but I think our waiter was just a  little overwhelmed. It took about 10 to 15 minutes for him to come over & for us to even get waters. We put our orders in right away as we were starving! I ordered one of their speciality drinks, called a Spiced Apple Cidercar. Wow! This thing was DELICIOUS. hot apple cider, some apricot brandy.. Can't remember what else but it was wonderful. My mom got a margarita on the rocks & said it was very good. Our meals came out fairly quickly.. I ordered Chicken Pinot Grigio. WOW. is all I will say. I couldn't believe how wonderful it tasted. Mom got the filet & you could've cut it with a butter knife. We were eating off each other's plates & all we could muster up was "omg"  as we ate. Compliments to the chef. This is by far the best food I've ever had in Pittsburgh. I highly highly recommend this place.
2	HORRIBLE service for brunch! We made a reservation through open table to give us plenty of time to eat before the Steelers game, and half an hour after our time, the rude, unfriendly hostess told us there was still one table ahead of us. After 5 more parties were called (and 10 more minutes passed), we finally got a table.Fortunately, brunch is buffet style so we jumped right in. The food was mediocre at best, but nothing as great as I've heard from others. Not good enough to justify the high price...The saving graces of the day were our server - Very nice and friendly - and the mimosas. Delicious!My suggestion, go elsewhere. There are too many good brunch places to waste your time with their unorganized brunch and rude staff.
1	Visited Pittsburgh for my mother's 60th birthday this year the weekend of March 1st. This restaurant came highly recommended but we were treated horribly!!! We arrived at the restaurant and my reservation was not recognized which was weird until I showed confirmation on my phone.  We were then seated in "servant" area near the kitchen. Our waiter never introduced himself... Just plain out rude!!!  Really wanted my Mom to enjoy herself for her 60th bday but sorry Mom.... we had to leave!  Left message on Yelp hoping I can stop people from experiencing what I did. 6 months ago,  Katie, their Business Customer Service person decided she wants to message me on Yelp but never followed back up with me.  I emailed her back about a month ago to make her aware. She emailed me back a few days ago stating that she gonna look into this..  ha ha ha that was funny!!!" Guess what??? Katie has yet to follow up.  If your job is to see that the every customer has a enjoyable experience or at least try to accommodate them with such...  Then why isn't Katie doing her job???? Horrible customer service for such a nice look restaurant.  Will NEVER visit and I hope u don't either! #didntevenwanttoratewith1star !!!
3	Went for dinner.  Started with lobster bisque - excellent and calamari with peppers - also good; husband said the peppers were how his grandmother used to make them in a crock.  I had the scallops and gnocchi.  The scallops were nice and tender but the gnocchi while good, is more like an oblong potato pancake.  Obviously I was disappointed since it was not the traditional Italian gnocchi.  Husband didn't like the parmesan crusted shrimp with spaghetti.  He ate the spaghetti but not the shrimp.  I personally didn't think the shrimp was that bad even though I have had better.
