5	Came here for the first time and was recommended by a Buddy of mine. "Chapo" is the one I dealt with on the phone and gave me directions. He gave me a quote over the phone and stuck to it. They got me in right away and got it done quick. Highly recommended if you need exhaust work. Will definitely be coming back.
2	I can't really say how good there work they didn't do anything I had a pretty shitty experience called them a few times ahead they knew I was coming in and what I wanted. When I got there they were in an argument with another customer but I shrugged it off every body had there bad days but after one hour of sitting and waiting for one person to acknowledge me I left and went and got work done some where else
4	They did exhaust work on my Pilot. My wife complained about the exhaust being too loud, they fixed it on the spot and now everything is good to go. They were always helpful and i'd recommend them just as a friend recommended them to me.The only down side was the actual facility. Sure it's an auto shop, and a lot of auto shops out there are a mess but this place didn't really seem to care about appearance but just as long as the work on my truck was on point, i don't really care either. oh, and the girl working the register is pretty hot ;)Two thumbs up.
1	Backyard HACK JOB!! I recently got my 96' Nissan d21 hardbody bagged by 6651 customs. They screwed up everything: ordered the COMPLETLY WRONG kit then installed it because NO ONE at the shop Actually has knowledge of airbag suspension systems. The welds are not just incorrect and poorly done, they are DANGEROUS! The air lines are exposed under the chassis along with the tank, easily punctured by road debris. The airbags are almost touching the cut jagged frame.  The 4link bars hit the ground WAY before the frame. NOTHING is correct and when confronting Ryan the owner about this he tried to place blame onto me and took NO responsibility. Also, the kit was $2,000 the install was $2000 and new pumps and new tank cause WRONG kit was ordered was $1000! I have seen any sort of refund or apology for the trouble they have caused.  This was my fathers truck and is very sentimental to me and they RUINED it by misrepresenting their abilities as a custom shop. Learn from my mistake and Never take anything you care about here!! BEWARE!!!
5	This is the hands down best CUSTOM MUFFLER SHOP in Las Vegas. Ryan & Chapo put out some great custom work. They're open Monday-Saturday. Ryan the Owner of 6651 has great communication customer service skills & knows his work. Receptionist Leslie at the front office is very helpful setting up appointments & answering customer's needs immediately every time. Chapo has been doing custom fab work on cars in Vegas for a very long time. Their prices are very fair especially for the legit work they put out. Excellent welds & also they do IN HOUSE Powder-Coating. I highly recommend this shop to any car enthusiast, very easy going atmosphere. Get your wheels powder coated while getting your exhaust done. SIMPLE AS THAT. This is a "One Stop Custom Shop".  Everyone here is welcoming, having fun & getting shit done at the same time.  Overall this shops deserves 10 STAR Rating. I've taken all of my cars, my friends & we've all received awesome work & our cars sound EVEN BETTER. Grade A+ Never a bad experience dealing with these guys. Thank u guys for hooking me up & taking care of my friends & I. Keep up the A+ Excellent work.
5	I heard about 6651 via a few recommendations . Saw their work on a handful of cars and decided to give them a shot . The issue I had was that I installed a new header with too large of flange to connect to my Oem catalytic converter . Ryan informed me that it was a fairly easy job to just add a larger inlet / flange to the catalytic converter . $80 and half an hour later and my car was good to go . Being so picky I asked to see the work before they finished and I was highly impressed . No leaks , clean welds , and they were nice enough to clear the check engine light that had came on from me driving the car over there without the O2 sensor plugged in . I plan on having them powdercoat my rims a different color in the near future . Highly recommend them for anyone looking for anything custom .
