2	If you want to get hot and toned to look scrumtious for the summer, steer clear of this LA Fitness!!First off, this place is beyond CROWDED! Aren't buildings suppose to have maximum occupancy rules? Goodness!Also, most of the machines are taken ALL the time. It's like, going to the gym for an hour and only getting to run for 25 minutes because the machine you were waiting for had a moron "cooling down" for over 40 minutes! At that point, just cool down while doing some crunches intead of walking at 0.0000002 miles per hour!What I loath about this gym is the classes, since they have a HUGE glass wall facing the entire gym. Therefore, EVERYONE can see you, and they will! It's really uncomfortable and makes you not able to work out without feeling like a total stiffie. The front desk girls are on 30 day PMS cycles, always rude and checking to make sure it's you on the picture. (Who on Earth would want to sneak into this fitness club?!!) The entire staff just seems so privilaged to work at such a crummy gym. I cancelled my membership after a week. Other gyms around that area that I would recommened instead is Fitness Works and Gold's Gym. LA Fitness? More like LA-(ME) Fitness.
4	I had to put in my 2 cents worth, after having seen such bad reviews, some of which are older reviews. (Does no one around here use Yelp?)I just joined this place, and I'm pretty happy with it! The area isn't all that great, but once you're inside you kinda feel at home. There's a nice safe feeling about it, that even I, as a young, pregnant female, feel I'm in good company.I have to agree what another reviewer said about the bathrooms getting too much steam in, but I haven't gone to the bathroom there so it obviously hasn't bothered me.The people at the front desk are half and half, and by that I mean you may have one that just sits there and talks to someone about sports for 3 minutes while you wait to tell them you are there to see someone (happened to me) or you have a super nice person who's just full of smiles, and completely helpful. Half and half, and I'm okay with that.The location is super close to home, so it was perfect for me. The prices are pretty good as well.Each person I've met with has been very watchful over me being pregnant and my safety so that's really comforting.It's not a meat market, like I've seen other fitness clubs as. (Puke).All in all, it's a good clean place where people are there to work out, and you have the support you need, whether it be great work out machines, a decent staff, or a hot tub if you wanna just relax. I say it's an overall win.
2	I mean, it's not that this place is a bad gym, its just....I'm a member here, but I won't leave even though this place does kinda suck, almost in an endearing way. Like they (LA Fitness) are totally fine in some aspects- they have a decent array of equipment and yeah the machines get full at peak hours but that's pretty normal in gyms, get over it winney babies. BUT they (you know LA Fitness) suck so bad at customer service! so bad. alright, so I sign up and I was able to talk the "show you the gym and get you to sign up" guy to give me a decent deal, I thought? Plus at signing up I found out I get a free personal training sesh, yay! I like it! I'm no stranger to the gym but I can always learn more right? So this is where the fun starts. OK so, I make an appt for my free sesh for the next Tuesday evening. You know because I have a JOB and I can't come in during the day. So I show up at my free sesh the next Tuesday 5 minutes late, my bad I didnt plan well. Front desk girl, who is obviously stupid-- by the way, says to go sit on the couches because my trainer isn't ready for me yet. So I'm like, "ah, I get it. You're punishing me for being late. I understand I was really naughty in being late, I'll wait for 5 minutes or so to make it up to you." K SO where I'm sitting I can plainly see my trainer in the window's reflection. Home girl is like gabbing away with one of her friends or clients or whatever at her desk. I CAN SEE THAT IS WHATS HAPPENING. I'm not that naive. Anyways I wait for like 20 minutes, watching the gab fest go down. SO then the trainers girlfriend, client, whatever leaves, (I can see this all happening because of the reflection in the window) and THEN homegirl picks up the phone and does something. Like 2 seconds later stupid front desk girl comes up to me and goes: "Um, so you're trainer is double booked (Mind you it is now 7:45 pm on a tuesday night) and she can't see you." I KNOW i'm being lied to but I have no way to prove I'm being lied to. Anyways I figure I'lll play the docile customer role and just reschedule. So I tell Stupid Front Desk Girl I want to make a new appointment. Well at that moment Stupid Front Desk Girl is SO overwhelmed with like 4 people checking in at once she can't put my new appointment in the system so she writes it down on a little piece of paper and assures me that I will have a new appointment next week. I smelled trouble then. Soooooo on the day of my next appointment, feeling some doubts in my heart, I call ol' LA fitness to confirm my appointment. AAaaaaand they don't have it in the system. Shocking. It was then and there I came up with my new game I play with the LA Fitness people. I tell the person at the front desk "You know, this isn't your problem, but your boss or whatever, corporate culture? HAS LIKE THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE WORLD." she kinda like mumbled a few things and didn't even offer to reschedule a new personal training sesh. I kinda figured- eh I give up on the free training session. Ok so then some time passes and during that time I lose the credit card I put my gym membership on. I cancel the card, like a responsible human being, and then carry on with my life. So come the first of the month I get a call from LA Fitness at 8am about my card being rejected. Well that day I was flying, like across the country, so I didn't have time to deal with the whole card snaffu. I figure I'll fix the matter next week, pay the people, and all will be fine... Um apparently thats not how it works at LA Fitness because I got 5, yes 5 more calls that day about my card not working. Finally, on call 4, I cave pick up the phone, and I say "You know my cards not working, I intend to fix the problem, BUT don't you find it kind of ridiculous you people are hounding me with phone calls? Please leave me alone, I will fix this but I'm traveling today and I really don't have time to deal with this (kind of a lie, but whatevs)" Anyways the lady on the phone was like "ok ok ok we won't call and you can get this fixed next week" and I'm like PERFECT.  ------- then call 5 comes. so then I play the game again, guy on the phone wants to know about the dead card, and I'm like "you know, YOU PEOPLE HAVE THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE ON THE PLANET. I know it's not your fault homeboy, but I already said I would fix this problem to SOMEONE ELSE ON THE PHONE SO STOP BOTHERING ME. I'M BUSY WITH LIFE SHIT." ahhhh see and then I got my way again. they left me alone. Anywho, so I like LA Fitness, the facilities are fine, not great, but it works. I like it. and its fairly clean. which is good. plus they seem to have lots of classes, ones i have never done but hey! its still cool.
3	OK, new for 2012 - the gym is OK for the price and my daughters enjoyed hanging out at the kids clubs which is very affordable . I made the dumb mistake of signing up for a personal trainer. I was lied to, mislead, and not completely informed regarding the contract for a personal trainer. My suggestion is to just use the gym and steer clear of anyone looking to assist you with personal training. IT'S A RIP-OFF AND THEY LIE TO YOU!!! - Anything to get the sale.
1	During the week when they were cleaning the bathrooms (at 7:30 am), I waited for the cleaning crew to finish cleaning the showers for over 40 minutes and  ended up having to towel off in the bathroom prior to work. I tried to find a customer service person to help me, but no one was available at the front desk. Not good!
3	Nice gym, clean and all the equipment you need here.  They also have classes which I didn't get to take advantage of.  Really great locker room with plenty of showers, hair dryers, etc.
4	place is decent sized not too packed and always clean. one of the better establishments in the area.
2	Nondescriptly scuzzy. I don't know if it's just worn down, overused, or just kinda dirty. It always feels crowded. The most annoying thing ever is that the dumbbells are NEVER put away. Some of that is the customer base, sure,but when you see a guy packing 200+ lbs of dumbbells around a bench to do some bro-science exercise (yes, this happened regularly) say something to him about it! Make him put his weights away! I haven't been in awhile because of these reasons. The sauna didn't work for the two and a half weeks I tried to use this gym. Bummer.
1	Disgusting.  Locker rooms disgusting, smelly.  Equipment is old and reeks of sweat and disgust.  Horrible.  I went once and refused to go back.  I travel 2 miles further to the Peoria location which is much nicer.
4	I just moved and this location was closest to me. When I first arrived my thoughts were, "It looks big on the outside.... But I bet it's sooooo ghetto in there. Ugh." But as soon as I walked in, I was greatly met with smiling faces and a two story gym.! I have gone at every time you could possibly imagine. Weekends, weekdays, night time, morning, evening. And no matter what time I go there, it is always empty.! I love it.!!! I would say the only thing that bothers me is the people who ARE there are men and they just stare with no shame. Quite annoying, but I try to ignore it.
1	I have been a member with LA Fitness for over two years, but I must say, "this is the worst fitness facility I have ever been too." I'm not talking about other locations because I usually visit the Scottsdale location, which offers amazing clean service. This location on the other hand is dirty, unfriendly, and unprofessional. The parking lot always has multiple shopping carts that have caused minor damage to parked cars. Once you enter the facility, front desk personnel are usually occupied with something else, so your not even properly acknowledged. This location was remodeled six months ago, but now you would never be able to tell. Good luck locating dumbbells because they are staggered throughout the entire facility and never placed back on the appropriate rack. No one cleans after themselves, so once their done with a machine its covered in sweat with their weights still in place. There will be people who walk around with their shirts missing and some attempt to exercise like that as well.The worst part of the facility is the locker room, which smells horrible, the mirror is never wiped, and the bathroom seems to have water all over the place. I The steam rooms door has been cracked for over three months now. Once you enter this area you feel that you need a shower because its so filthy. The drinking fountained are whipped with some strong scented chemical that is over powering to drink from. The water is usually warm and gross because they want you to purchase bottled water.I am amazed that this location has wonderful group fitness instructors that are truly professionals in their field. I strongly recommend the Zumba class, but be aware if you attend these classes you will more than likely feel uncomfortable and harassed. The group fitness class is positioned, so your back is facing out to the workout facility. As, you attempt to exercise there will be men standing at the window smiling, blowing kisses to you, or I have even seen someone use their phone to video tape these women. Everyday there is multiple people sitting at the abdominal crunch machines drooling as the class is in session. (Watch out for the older black gentleman with cornrows who always wears a wife beater and huge headphones because he is the worst offender.) Once I brought this up to a manager he ensured me that he will take care of this issue, but its now been two weeks and nothing has changed. DO NOT COME TO THIS LOCATION!
3	The atmosphere is conducive to getting in a good workout. I appreciate that! A group of guys were having the weirdest steam room ritual I've ever seen. A group of 10 guys (sausage fest) would stand or sit for 5 min till a sweat was worked up, then they'd take a walking lap around the pool then back in the sauna. Ooook I guess they were tryna do something! It was weird but motivational. I was inspired to go hard on my workout, so that's what matters. The staff wasn't overly friendly. No greetings or offerings of help, directions or assistance. Oh well.
1	This LA Fitness is one of the nastiest gym I've been to.  Equipment old and scattered, place is dirty, restrooms are even worse!! The place smells like a bowling alley.  Most of the equipment are also broken, I had to get on,  on 3 diff treadmills.  I'm pretty sure you'll walk out of there sick!!  I think prison have better equipment! !
1	The worst! If I could rate a zero I would. This gym is always dirty, and equipment is either broken or outdated. Avoid this location.
