4	OMG....I am reviewing....gasp, my Scottsdale friends, gasp, yes, a FLEA MARKET. And no, this is not where momma fleas buy milk for their young. The flea market or swap meet here in downtown Phoenix was a new experience for me. And let me tell you, it is pretty damn fun. Now, I can only take it for so long. Like fabric shopping with Rickie. Or hearing about my parents' neighbors goiter. It is huge. I'm pretty sure we were the only two mo's perusing the neon lamps, Frauda sunglasses and mattresses. Yes, they do sell mattresses. Please. Step away from the mattresses. Oh, and probably not the best place to get that tattoo. But, if you're looking for a new sunglasses, like my Foui Vouitton's ($8) and I've had them over a year and receive numerous compliments, you should hit up this place. After paying a buck or two to get in, you walk past lots of weird candy (it ain't Snickers and such) like sugary, lemony, chile spiced fried things. Not as bad as it sounds. I found the COOLEST Eiffel Tower statue that when you pull on it, A SWORD comes out!!!! Yes, you heard me. Just what every nightstand needs. And shoes. Yes, I bought a pair of $25 shoes and no kidding, get more compliments than my $240 Johnston & Murphy's. The best part is tucked away in the corner and it's truly the hidden gem. A store totally dedicated to Hello Kitty, Brady Bunch, Betty Boop, Charlie's Angels and all things pop culture. I could spend all day in this part. If you're up for something different and before it gets too hot, skee daddle on down to Washington Ave. Oh and they also have deodorant, make up, those pictures that you plug in and they have Jesus and a waterfall, with moving Jesus and water, all lit up, and an entire Kimono booth, incense, cookware and a man who makes guacamole, stuffed animals and while you're at the flea market you can even have your car windows tinted or a mural put on the side of your van!
3	The person before me reviewed Phoenix Greyhound Park as a Flea Market. I....will be reviewing the Greyhound Park in Dog Race form. We came here during 4th of July night, after many drinks and BBQ-ing and swimming at my relatives home. Prior to leaving to come here, it sounded like a good idea - I was comparing the dog races to the Del Mar horse races in San Diego in my head.But, during the drive, I started feeling wary. This is Arizona, and they're racing dogs in 110 degree heat? What is the constant tugging at my heartstrings? This guilt isn't working for me. The track is outdoor, while the patrons betting on these beautiful animals sit indoor in stadium seating, behind huge glass windows, watching giddily while drinking beer and eating snack bar-type foods. Admission is free. They do keep the dogs indoor before racing them. I decided I'd relent and bet on a race, then immediately felt like an asshole when they brought the dogs around for the camera and I saw them dressed in numbered garb and muzzles. I lost, but I didn't bet for the rest of the races we stayed for, it just didn't feel right.Everyone else had a good time, though, especially the winners. How can I get so excited about the horse races but not the dog races? I'm a walking contradiction.
3	I went to the Flea Market today for the first time in years and was pleasantly surprised at just how much cool stuff there was. If you've ever been to Asia and done the outdoor night market's then this is the closest you're gonna get...especially in Phoenix. There was the usual selection of flea-market junk, but also a large selection of tools, new and used car stereo's and speakers, bootleg DVDs, knock off Coach bags and sunglasses and inexpensive clothes and shoes. There were a lot of booths selling a variation of the same thing and I would have given the market a better rating if there was more variety.Going to the flea-market is as much of a cultural experience as it is a shopping trip so be prepared! There is great Mexican food, Hispanic medicinal herb booths, Tejano  music blaring, and ethnic dried foods that you might not recognize. Did I mention you can get $3.00 beers? Drunk shopping is one of my favourite ways to do outdoor markets and on a cool Phoenix night this would be a great way to spend the evening.
4	Okay, this was my first time at Phoenix Greyhound Park and my first time watching dog races (unless I can count watching All Dogs Go to Heaven - because I have seen that countless times). Any ways, I would definitely go again and I would totally recommend Phoenix Greyhound Park. Like I said, I have never done this before - so I had no clue how to bet or what to bet on. There was this VERY helpful man named Chuck who broke down the beats to me and my friend and really helped us get started. I won 5 times, but still walked away $6 short from when I started...it takes real skill to be that good... :o) At first, since I didn't really know what I was doing, the races were a little confusing to me, but after 4 hours and a few wins later, I was yelling my dismay and excitement with the rest of the crowd! At about 10pm (when my friend and I assumed the old folks home buses came and packed up their clientele) The atmosphere was still lively and it was still fun! Though, I would say that's because 99% of the people who were there were probably also pure blood Hockey and Nascar fans...so they know how to have fun (in their own way! :)) To say the least I had a blast with the betting, dog races and family friendly environment - the reason for my mid-rating has more to do with the quality of food service. I think we saw our waitress about 4 times the whole 5 hours we were there...when the food finally came it was really good (don't waste your money on the desserts), but I was thirsty pretty much the whole time. I'm giving them a little bit of a break because I think for the whole room (200 tables) they only had 2 waitresses, so they were spread thin and we were up and down making our bets any ways. Oh, and by the way, when you go, be a big spender and pay the $3 bucks a person and go up stairs, that's where all the fun is (and you get to ride the escalator)!
