5	Found Richard via Yelp (and thank you very much to Yelp!) and could not be more pleased.  We had used several different groomers since moving to Henderson three years ago, and finally decided it was time to look for a mobile groomer who would come to the house.  One of my pet peeves (freely admitted) is so-called professional people who don't return telephone calls or answer messages left for them.  Such was the case with the first mobile groomer I contacted -- scratch that one off the list!  Richard returned my call within minutes, made an appointment to be at the house and showed up exactly on time.  He started out by greeting our two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels on his knees, playing with them.  Then one at a time, out to his rig for their baths... his set-up is pretty impressive, and just as advertised, the dogs can see out and the owners can see in as Richard works his magic.  He gave me an estimate for how long the baths would take... and he was finished early.  The dogs looked gorgeous, they were happy and completely un-stressed.  My other half is in the vet field, can be EXTREMELY critical of how animals are treated, and since our initial experience with Richard has recommended The Pooch Mobile to several clients at the vet hospital. That probably says a whole lot more than any review I could write.  Richard and The Pooch Mobile deserve SIX stars.  It's just that Yelp doesn't let us go that far in the ratings.
5	Richard did an amazing job taking care of my husky. You can tell he really cares about dogs and how he handles them. I would definitely recommend him to anyone I know to use this service. He was happy to work an appointment time with me and he was very friendly. My dog still wanted to play with him afterwards! It was a fun and convenient experience.
5	Great service,I have a large breed bully dog and Richard is fantastic with him. Thorough cleaning, timely service and exceptionally reasonable pricing.
5	I'm really happy that yelp helped me find this dog grooming business. There were only a couple reviews to help make my decision, but I decided to give it a try anyway. The previous reviews were spot on. Richard was a great guy and highly experienced with animals. We held a great conversation and he told me about all of his years of experience across United States and Australia (he's Australian) doing this dog grooming.Trust me when I say: you cannot put your dog in better hands than Richard. You might even start to question whether Richard loves your dog more than you do. He worked miracles with my dog. I always had trouble clipping her nails because it was always a really uncomfortable experience for her. I'm not lying when I say that my dog was yawning and wagging her tail when Richard was clipping AND filing her nails.Step aside Cesar Millan, A new dog whispers in town and his name is Richard.Overall, the experience was very pleasurable and my dog smells like $1 million. Richard also came exactly at the time that he said he would and didn't keep me waiting. What's also nice is that he let me know that he will travel anywhere in town. I'm moving far from where I live now, which is pretty convenient to his current location, but I'm happy to know that he will be grooming my dog in the future no matter where I go (in Las Vegas / Henderson).
5	Richard does an amazing job! He was very good with all three of my dogs. I will be having him take of my dogs in the future.
4	Very satisfied. Richard arrived a little early and proceeded to get to work.  My dog is a handful and Richard knew how to read his body language and adjusted his washing technique accordingly.  Normally I take care of my dog's grooming needs myself, but if I ever need a professional's services again I will definitely use The Pooch Mobile
5	Pooch Mobile has been a part of our dogs lives ever since Richard gave our pups a royal treatment !We have three dogs a German Shepherd and two Boerboels and Richard is always very patient and caring.Our dogs smell and feel 100% better after each wash with the Pooch Mobile!Thanks! #vegasboerboel
5	Absolutely Wonderful!! I was hesitant at first using an unknown groomer. What a fabulous surprise Richard was! Our husky loved him. Richard did a fantastic job and I would highly recommend his services!!!!
5	Hands down the best grooming service in Vegas.  Richard is a natural with dogs and truly loves and cares about each and everyone he encounters.  The job is speedy, but thorough.  I find myself talking with Richard for 30 mins+ after my dog is done, because his such a great and genuine guy.  I highly recommend their services.  I actually live in LA, but always wait to get my pup groomed until I visit my parents in Vegas.
5	Finding a good dog groomer that actually loves dogs and know what they doing is hard to find. Richard is great and natural with dogs. He took his time and was gentle with my German Shepard that just have a hip replacement a year ago. Also he call me back up right away and was on time for my appointment. He also give me a curtesy call that his coming. All and all it was a great experience. We will definitely use his service again
