1	Visited their website and filled out a form for a CASH quote. I requested to be ONLY contacted via email and got a call within minutes. The voicemail that was left on my phone stated that they received a referral from MY insurance agent that I was looking to get my windshield replaced. The VM when on to explain that it could be covered under insurance or they could give me a quote to pay out-of-pocket.I love that the very first interaction I have with this company is total BS!!! My insurance company has NO IDEA that my windshield needs replaced and they would never call a random glass center to have them notify me. I explained in my quote request I was paying cash and only wanted to be contacted via email with the price for replacement. Not only did they call, they lied and I didn't even get the quote.I will not only never use this place, I will tell everyone to stay away.If an owner/manager reads this, change your phone scripts to at least not have lies embedded in them.
5	I have used clear cut glass for years , times when I've had glass coverage , times when I haven't , and times where the only reason I called was a question. They've always went above and beyond. They have accommodated my busy schedule. I have never had a chip repair fail , which they advised me could happen. I've never had a billing or inconsistency in price. Clear cut glass is one of the top service providers of any business in the valley.
4	I was referred to this company by State Farm Insurance.  They contacted me to schedule an appt and showed up on time as promised.  The replacement went well and I was happy with their service.  A few days later (the first time on the freeway for me) I noticed a loud wind sound when my speed exceeded 45 MPH.  I called them back and they came out the very next to fix it.  A suggestion:  Narrow the window for service.  In this day and age it's hard to stay put for a 4 hour window.   Overall - we were totally satisfied with their service.  We will use them again (providing they don't call us every 3 months going forward to try and sell it to us)
5	A company that truly stands behind their work! I had an issue with my windshield that was replaced by them over seven years ago. I spoke with Billy and explained the issue. He was very understanding and regardless of the years in-between, he took care of the issue without any problems. I would highly recommend this company. Excellent customer support!
5	First, I want to say that not only was this company preferred from my insurance which for me I assume isn't a 5 star company but I was extremely apprehensive because a couple of my friends have had the glass installers try to force deductibles that aren't needed, and also are hard to work with. My experience was happily the complete opposite of that.I talked to my insurance company and they got a appointment setup with clear cut auto glass over the phone. They were very professional and helped me schedule a date three days later. During that time my car would be at a different address than I gave them when we talked. I called them and they were very helpful in making sure that was switched. Maybe a easy thing for them but it put me at ease.When it came time for the install, the installer Nigel gave me a call and told me his 15 minutes out, he was still on time but it was nice to know he was on his way. Not only that but he was very professional as well, and told me just to hang out inside and he would let me know when he was done. I know that sounds weird to say, but I have had mobile services done before and there is this awkward "should I stand here or go inside" moment to a couple of minutes. He helped that not happen.Once he was done, which was only about 40 minutes, he showed me the work, and also explained how long I needed to wait for it to dry. There wasnt any weird asking for money or deductibles. He had a clipboard with my insurance claim on it for me to sign and that was it. Not only that but I have a 350z and he commented on some modifications and changes that he has seen and I was doing. It's another small thing but him talking to me about that showed he knew more about my car than just the windshield replacement which was awesome too!
