5	Great service, mobile - so they come to your business or house.  Great prices, great attitude, and tint is beautifully installed.  Bernice is absolutely the best window tint in AZ.  And also, they are happy to appreciate your referrals. Highly recommended.
5	Pure Luxury just did another fantastic job on my 06 Mercededs.  I love a detailed car,  and Bernice is the best.  I recommend them for great service at a reasonable price.  She also offers a mobile tinting service.  Love the flexible hours and professional service.
5	Pure luxury tint came to my job while I was working and detailed my truck and tinted my windows and I couldn't be happier! I would recommend them to everyone!
5	Great mobile service with a smile.  Bernice and her son repaired our tinting and did a bang up job detailing our car all right on our own driveway.   Very friendly, professional and detail oriented - will be using them many more times.
5	What a beautiful job!  I got a new to me car and it badly needed a waxing and the front windows were tinted a lighter color than the back.  I checked on yelp and they had all five star reviews so I thought I would give them a try.  They came and picked up my car in the morning and delivered it back to me by lunch with fresh tint and a waxing.  She's never looked better.
5	Bernice and crew did a great job on our 2005 Honda Pilot. Also had two windows retinted. Very detailed work and very friendly people there. I have another car that I will be bringing in soon. Highly recommended. Price was fair and reasonable as well.
5	This place does quality work.   Brought my truck to them to get tinted and when finshed it was dropped off at my work.  I will continue to bring my Vehicles to them in the future as well as get some windows at my house tinted.
5	Beautiful job I highly recommend them. I called on a Saturday morning and Bernice was able to fit me right in for a interior detail. She pays close attention to detail and was able to make the car look new. I will definitely keep using them for detail service and look forward to adding some window tinting to my cars.
5	WOW....that's all I can say about Bernice and the staff at Pure Lux! I've lived in the valley for over 20 years and have had so many vehicles tinted I can't remember. I HAVE NEVER met someone as committed to customer service and quality as Bernice. I can say It all....knowledgeable about the industry, quality of the job, friendly, professional....I could keep on going!The products that she has are top of the line in the industry....go ahead...spend a few hours on line like I did....you'll see!Remember you get what you pay for. If you would like an $85 tint job on your full size 4 door sedan...there are plenty of places that will do it. Tinting is a lot of work! The time that the staff at Pure Lux put into their work is worth more than that (not including the price of the state of the art products they are using!) YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR FOLKS AND THAT INCLUDES THE SERVICE AFTER THE SALE!Have a problem...let Bernice know. She's reasonable and is willing to work it out.This is now my go to shop for tint and detail. They do lots more with graphics and other services to enhance your vehicle. Give them a call!! You won't be sorry!!
1	Horrible service  I would give it a zero if I could   had an appointment for 9a for both my wife and I,  I was the first car parked there and after 3 Hours I checked the status and neither car had been worked on.  When I scheduled it earlier that week I told her I worked 3 hours at work that day and she said that should be fine and she told me Saturday was by appointment only and she was completely open.   No apology on the phone and made it seem like it was my fault  until I was face to face  and she said with ceramic tint u give it all the attention to do it.  so if my car was there for 3 hours,  why couldn't it get the attention for 3 hours later? horrible service everyone else was nice but if you don't know how to schedule your appointments don't do it  plain and simple.  Worst part about it I was the first one there,  her employees were waiting there and saw me first and she rolled up right at 859a.   I will be looking elsewhere   her employees were really nice,  but this business has a lot to learn about time management and customer service
5	Friendly, professional, great quality work!  The crew here definitely went the extra mile for me.  My accord looks amazing!  I highly recommend the ceramic tint!  Much much less heat in the car!  Thanks Bernice and crew!
5	Great group. Very professional with an eye for detail. Planning to use them in the future.
5	I contacted Bernisse and within an hour I had a quote ready l, she was able to get both mine and my wife's cars tinted and ready for the AZ summer within 2 days of me contacting her.  They did a perfect job with my wife's tint and an excellent job on detailing and tinting my truck.Very happy with the work they did, her son did a GREAT job detailing my truck which was plain filthy after driving it across country, the ceramic tint they installed keeps our cars much cooler.  I would recommend them to anyone and will certainly bring any future vehicles here.
5	I didn't have much hope for my faded headlight on an 2005 vehicle with 175000 miles on it, BUT WOW! They practically look brand new. Great job and thank you! Now I can't wait to see what they can do with the rest of my aging Volvo.
5	Bernice and her crew which includes her family are fantastic. They are truly good people doing beautiful work with quality products. We have had our cars both tinted and detailed there and so now have my parents, some friends and my niece. Thanks to you all for your hard work, honest prices and friendly attitudes.
4	After reading the reviews I stopped by and checked the place out. Bernice was super helpful and informative. Answered all my questions. I went with the ceramic tint and was very happy with the product. The only reason I only gave 4 stars is that there were several bubbles that did not go away and I had to spend the time to take it back. Fixed without any question or push back. Her commitment to customers is top not and I will use her for all my future tinting needs. More businesses need to learn this level of customer service. Thanks Bernice!
5	Thank you Bernice for another stellar job making my abused black Expedition look better than new! You rock!
5	Bernice with Pure Luxury Tint and Detailing Services is extremely knowledgeable and she cares about educating his clients. I would strongly encourage anyone to use Bernice with Pure Luxury Tint and Detailing Services for any of your Commercial Glass needs, WHY? Because Bernice's #1 Goals is to help you find the best solution for your business, bottom line. Kudos to Bernice with Pure Luxury Tint and Detailing Services!!!!  - Anthony Johnson, Owner Mava Consulting
