1	This place was terrible! I went earlier today and after getting a manicure and pedicure my bill was $80! When I walked in I was told it was only $50. Not to mention that they severely cut my cuticles and under my toenails when trying to remove nail polish with their long nails. Not once did I see anyone wash their hands or clean off any service. Last time I ever do a walk-in for nails. I didn't know it could be this bad.
3	I got a pedicure from Lynn and she did a pretty good job!  They have 3 different types of pedicures: basic for $25 (trim nails and cuticles plus polish), deluxe for $35 (smooth calluses, paraffin dip, lots of massaging), and some other type for $45 that seems really fancy and involved.  I chose the deluxe for $35.  If you go in here, you better not be in a rush, because they use every bit of the 50 minutes alotted for your footsies.  All the nail techs are friendly and pretty chatty which is a bonus.As far as cleanliness goes, I saw the nail techs opening up new packs of tools for each customer, BUT they dip your feet directly in the paraffin and don't change it out so you're essentially sharing it with all the customers who were in the chair before you which is gross.  All in all, a pretty standard nail salon.
1	Not happy with my expirience here.  I only stopped in there because I was waiting on a friend to meet me in the area.  I really didnt have to wait.  I got a basic manicure.  The manicure was $15 ( I normally pay $12 for an EXCELLENT manicure at Ballantyne Nail Spa on Providence Rd/ Ardery Kell  my ususal spot)  The dirty shoes of the client before me were at my feet the whole time and I was asked to get up three times to move for another client. When I went to pay I gave a $5 tip on the credit card slip and the lady kept asking me for cash.  I rarely carry cash but I added $2 extra to take care of the 2.75% that the credit card company charges them.  She got all frustrated and basically said forget it! I was kinda shocked at the attitude...  As I went to the nail dryer area and sat down the manicurist came over and asked if I had a checkbook...I was like "HUH?"  I said, you mean for the tip?  She said Yes...I was apalled at her rudeness...I said I already tipped you!  OUTRAGEOUS! Shaking my head I looked down at my nails and I had tiny bubbles on every nail( horrible polish job) I promptly got up and vowed never to return there!II told my girlfriend that works in the shopping center there about it and showed her my dull bubbly nail polish job and she said " I could have told you about that place!  No one that works in here goes there."
3	My sister and I stopped in for a manicure/pedicure.  I enjoyed my time there as I had never had a waxed manicure/pedicure.  It was a different experience and fun.  My pedicure was nice, would have preferred better massaging, but it was good and my toenails look excellent - had a flower put on my big toes and they did a fabulous job.My only complaint is my fingers are already chipped and the nail polish has come off on quite a few fingers since Saturday.  My own doings could do a better job.
1	I've been getting my nails done for years, always at the same place though. I was in the area and needed a new set desperately so came here, it looked like a nice place. WRONG! I got pink and white nails which is what I always get (for $35) which is apparently their "solar nails" that cost me $45. Whatever, I paid and tipped without complaining. The next day I could clearly see where over half of my nails had lifted and were coming loose. You could also see the line where the tip was glued on and not covered by the white gel.I didn't have the time to go back to the salon to show them my nails at the time and figured I could make them last for 2-3 weeks and just go to my regular salon to get a fill in. WRONG AGAIN! By Wednesday, 2 nails had popped off and they all looked horrible. Remember, thats only 4 days after they put the new set on. Got off work Wednesday and went to the salon to get a new set put on or my money back. They argued with me and told me their policy stated they would only replace within the first 3 days of getting your nails done. Needless to say I had to raise hell to get all of my nails fixed. And, they still looked horrible. Will never recommend this place to anyone nor will I ever go to a nail salon without reading the reviews first.
4	This by far to me is the best place to get pampered for your hands n tootsies. Wan & Lyn rock this place. Have been going here since '07' and love it. The only do manicures and pedicures so they don't have to worry about anything else (waxing, facials, etc). Not to mention they serve you wine while you relax. I get massaged in their new chairs ( just came in on Mon.), massaged on my arms and legs, & paraffin. AAAAHHHHHHH....What more can a girl or guy ask for.  :)
