1	Avoid this place. ER facilities are in disrepair. Staff couldn't find a vein to insert my husband's IV, they jabbed him five times. Finally, they called a young woman from the lab who found the vein on her first try. Husband was admitted and taken to a room. For two complete days, no one cleaned the room, mopped or cleaned the bathroom. On the 3rd day, I insisted on someone from Housekeeping come in and clean. We had to ask to get his bedding changed on the 3rd day. Trash isn't dumped on a routine basis either. You have to ask them to do it. The cafeteria is only open a limited time each day. The food looks awful, and they have handwritten signs hanging on everything. Really? For a hospital of this size, they should do better. I bought something prepackaged because the food was so unappetizing. Parking is also difficult. This hospital's  only good thing is the service dog, Clancy, who is brought in to cheer patients. He and his escorts were the best part of the stay. I would give CG Regional Medical Center zero stars, but Yelp insists I have to assign at least one. Go to Phoenix, Chandler or Tucson, but don't go here.
1	Don't want to be here but here I am. I discussed with them my medical history over the last year with this hospital and yet here we are getting the same damn "care" they always give. Treating the symptoms has consistently got me back in here roughly every three months. Help me figure out how to treat the problem guys come on now!!!
5	Chose to take my 6 month old in after a fall just to have peace of mind that everything was ok. Did not have high expectations for pediatric care due to the population in the area being largely retired and due to low reviews. Both my husband and I were blown away with how amazing our experience was. Every person we encountered, from sign in, to taking vitals, to insurance, RNs, students in training, to the doctor was amazing. EACH person was incredibly friendly, companionate, competent and efficient. I  was truly impressed with the care we received and the interactions we had. The facilities are old, but the staff more than makes up for it in every way.
1	Very dissatisfied with this hospital. I would never take myself or my family here again. The hospital is old and very dirty! Rude staff.
