5	I diet most of the week and let go once in a while.  I decided to let portion control go when I stopped here for lunch and ordered the combo BBQ.   Can't find any dry rubbed ribs like MC's in California.  The pulled porked was surprisingly delicious and the highlight of the combo plate when I least expected it.  I think I will make a visit to MC every time I visit Vegas.  This location is away form the Strip and I hope it's not a location thing.
3	I've had the brisket, pulled pork and ribs.  All have a good smoky taste (real smoke not liquid).  I should mention, however, that on two recent trips the brisket was somewhat dry.The sides are all good.  I particularly like the cole slaw and baked beans.  The cole slaw is crispy and comes with a clear, tart dressing.One particularly good deal is the "The King".  This is a large sandwich of pulled pork that comes with a choice of two sides. I would advise against trying the Chili.  While you might hope it would be on par with the pork and ribs, it tastes like it's straight from a can.The service on each of my visits has been good.I have revised this review and my rating of this restaurant from 4 stars to 3 stars.  Lately there seems to be a drop in quality at this restaurant. Examples include: The clam chowder they serve on Fridays has changed and not for the better, soggy sides, meat frequently dry and the unsweetened tea is poor. I continue to go to Memphis BBQ but I order selectively, and I don't go there as often.
4	We ate here after donating blood for United Blood Services Blood MObile, part of our scheduled donation and as part of the drive they comped every donor with a FREE Meal. We both Order the 2 Meat 2 side combo $10.99 each,We both got Beef Brisket and Ribs, I got St Louis Style no sauce, she got BAbyback ribs, we both got beans which had several kinds of beans and chopped links,brisket and chicken in it, very good. The brisket was very tender & moist , very smoky tasting. The magic Dust is a huge bonus here I love the stuff. The ribs were very meaty, smoked through and very good. The sauce was a liitle sweet. I had mac & cheese which was standard NOT baked, and the potato salad was Standard too nothing special. Service was very fast & firendly as it was slow and most all customers were enjoying the FREE meal from the blood drive. We also enjoyed the fresh rolls they served before the meal. Great meats I will try it more often.
1	I love good Barbecue. When i moved to Vegas i quickly noticed there really is not a whole lot of Barbecue places in Vegas. Driving around, i noticed signs saying "Memphis Championship Barbecue". With a name like that, which is quite self-serving, they have to be of some quality, They won awards. But no. this place was far from championship. For starters the place was empty when we went there. When the place is empty you would think food service would be quicker but  it was very slow. the menu looks good but when the food comes out brace yourself. The food is tough and flavorless. they offer a sauce, which is generic like you could buy off the shelf at any store, and then they also give you the option of thier FAMOUS RUB. The Rub was even worse. So a bad rub on dry meat with generic sauce and sub-par sides. slow service to top it all off? I will pass. FYI to anyone who has a BBQ restaurant. Vegas needs you, and this is your town to own if THIS is the best we have.
3	Our office went here for lunch & had appetizers, entrees, ice teas & desserts.  1/2 of the contingent loved everything & the others thought it had gone down in quality since they had last been there.  All agreed the Magic Dust improved all.
2	This was my 2nd visit to Memphis BBQ and the first time I LOVED it.  On this visit...not so much.On this trip the mac & cheese was totally watery.  The Fried okra was cooked strange...like I got the left overs at the bottom of the pot.  The brisket was ok, but not what i remembered.I get discouraged when places are up and down like this.  Hopefully your trip is better than my 2nd trip.
3	Food was good, server was slow and the restaurant was dead....
1	I must have hit this place on an off night because the ribs I had were some of the worst I've ever eaten. They were dry as a bone and the meat was tough as leather. That rack must have been cooked and sitting out for quite some time. The sides were decent and the service was solid but I don't know if I'd ever go back. Next time I'm craving some good BBQ I'll have to head out to Lucille's in Henderson.
4	Having been born and raised in Texas, I know barbecue.With an intro like that, you know that I am ready to throw down on this review, but it's true.  It's been a while since I've had decent barbecue.  I lived in California for a while, and they don't "get" barbecue.  I found one place in San Diego that was alright, but now I'm going off on a tangent, so back to my point.I'm a little wary of West Coast barbecue offerings.  I've been burned too many times, so I was hesitant on going here, but they are bonafide.  It's solid fare with big portions, and a good amount of taste and flavor.From three visits, I tried their BBQ sliders of various meats, their Gulf Coast shrimp, and their turkey.  Each is full of flavor, and tasty, and their "Magic Dust" added a good amount of "kick"  to my meal, though I question the validity of the "magic" aspect, as no tricks accompanied my meal, nor did I get an invitation to Hogwarts to sample said magic. I noticed some other reviewers seemed to have some "off" nights, but my experiences were all positive.  Good waitstaff as well.I am also a sucker for their fried pickles.  Again, the words "Southern" and "fried" go hand in hand, but these are a quite tasty.  I must admit that I have to cut back on them, however.  While addicting as everything, they didn't sit entirely well with my tummy, which is an epic tragedy in itself.  To be denied pickles is to be denied a great reward.  But I'm sure you'll enjoy them, dear reader.It's good food.  I'd recommend it, and will go there again.  I just hope I don't ever encounter the bad luck that has apparently befallen other readers here.
2	You know, there's nothing really bad about this place... but I didn't find it to be great either. Pretty decent sweet tea and lemonade. Ok corn bread muffins. Extra spicy hot links. Tasty smoked chicken. The burnt ends we got were mostly fat... Okra was not the best I've ever had, a bit salty for my liking. This is not a place I'll be craving or longing to go back to. But if the mood struck me for some BBQ, I wouldn't not go here... it was just OK.
2	Went again because it was my friend's birthday and everyone wanted to go here.... Service still sucked, they brought my food out without my coleslaw  and I didn't notice until the runner left the table and never came back to the table to check on us until they brought the check.
5	Very good. I went here with my boyfriend and we loved it. He's black, so I figure he knows good southern barbecue - and he does. He cooks it all the time, and he cooks gooood!!! I had an excellent brisket meat dish and I loved the sides (there's a meat combo plate that I didn't have - the man next to our table had it and I felt like I ordered the wrong thing... I love meat!!!). Drinks were great ( I had 2 Margueritas) and the ambience and price were fine. Fun night and good hearty food.
2	I would only go here if I had a coupon. The prices for their food are somewhat overpriced for what you will be getting on your plate. I could have the same thing at CJ's Texas BBQ for cheaper and it would taste just as yummy. Service was good and the place was empty on a Friday night.
2	I thought about giving this place 3 stars until we ate at Tony Romas and realized that their BBQ just wasn't that good.  Not that I wouldn't return but I'd much rather go someplace else.My pork ribs were meaty but dry and not very tender.  The fried okra was very old and soggy, with the coating all destroyed.The honey butter was good and so was the service.
4	THIS LOCATION MAY BE CLOSED... and it was good while it lasted... but don't worry, as they have two other operating stores, at least now, eff 12 18 12. I ate at the Green Valley location, 2250 E. Warm Springs Road, Phone: 702-260-6909, about one year ago when we were doing a trade show. We'll be back this January, and I guar...... annn....... teee, we'll do at least one dinner at Memphis! --------------------- Now my review of the Rainbow location -----------------------------Up to, but not including the personal "fried pickle incident" of yelper Guy C., I'd have to say that he reasonably and accurately told my story. (read about Guy's acid reflux below.....) Las Vegas, for me, represents work. When I get into town, it's usually for a trade show or to visit clients. Over the past years, I briefly lived here, and between then and now, have visited relatives and friends, on numerous ocassions. I guess the hippie still lives in my soul, because I'd take one week in Seattle for three weeks in Vegas.I say this not to rank on those that love Vegas, but to let you know that I consider myself a non-local, local. So while I could stay and eat at any hotel in town, my preference is to find "apartment style" lodging, far from casinos, and food spots that are most visited by locals. So given all that, here's one page from my black book inventory of local, off-the-strip, restaurants,Memphis Championship BBQ offers true smoked meats, and a thin, vinegar based sauce that you can liberally put on your meats, without prematurely filling up on all the sugar and mollases you'd find in thicker, darker sauces. It's their style at Memphis, and I like it. The meats do all the talking. While they offer a number of sides, I gravitate to the sweet potatoes and their creamed corned. (the corn is almost a thick soup.....and delicious!)Last year, I took one of my Pittsburgh customer service reps here, and we totally pigged out, eating a huge combo platter that could've fed 4, and also ordered several desserts, and various non-alcoholic beverages. The entire meal was less than $50, and so help me, it really was enough food for a group. This past Tuesday I got a to-go order of three meats and two sides. The whole thing ran $19....... a meal that held me over for two nights. I finished the second half the following day. I made three small sandwiches on the 3 dinner rolls and extra sauce they included. (smoked chicken, brisket and turkey) I've done their ribs and brisket, and could go either way. Chicken is hard to BBQ well, and only if it's smoked, in my opinion, is it worth calling BBQ'd. And all their meats have that smokey flavor.So if you're hankerin' (....that's cowboy talk, right?) for pretty decent BBQ, I can very, very safely recommend Memphis. They have 3 locations, and this is the only one I've visited, but their manager promises me that all locations are held to the same standards. And if you have an issue with ANYTHING...... they ask strongly that you share, so they can make it right. For me, that's worth allot.Closest restaurant I've done lately that's close in menu and atmosphere? Phil's in San Diego, near the sports arena. BTW.......... check out the Memphis website, (see link in header) and you'll get a really good idea of what they're all about.
2	Seems like there isn't a strict food consistency going on with this joint. When it's good, it's good. When it's bad, it really sucks. That's unacceptable. It's apparent seeing the reviews being half food and half bad.Unfortunately, mine will be a bad one. I didn't go to the restaurant but my BF, his mom and grandma did and brought back food. Okra good highlight for them and that really was it. The meats were of good quality but it's wasted by not cooking it right. It was dry and so smoky, it definitely tipped me off that someone heavy handed liquid smoke. I thought this was supposed to be naturally smoky with wood chips? I'm a cook and this was not natural tasting and overly abundant. I smelled my liquid smoke bottle and the takeout box- same smell. I would like to see their BBQ at it's finest, the reason why they won awards but without a consistency- I don't think I can stomach going back until it's a good night. I'd rather go to Famous Dave's to get a decent meal. Not the best I've had, but at least there I can see where it might've deserved an award. It probably is nothing like the champion owners cooking but it at least is a chain that is holding a standard. I guess the "Best of Vegas BBQ restaurant" will stay as an empty category for me... Hopefully only for now. I wanted to like this place, but skipping out.
2	Happy hour specials from 3-6pm.I ordered the chicken and baby back ribs. I found both meats to be quite dry. Sides were over drowned in butter.  Not my preference in BBQ.Service was fast an friendly.Woman's bathroom needs renovating, it's beat to hell and kind of smelled.
2	Upon entering the hostess was texting...not the best of first impressions but I can understand since it was virtually dead inside. I read about the King Sandwich and the Apple Blossom Iced Tea. The tea was good, the sandwich was somewhere between moist and...not moist. Also, at a BBQ joint, I dont want to sit down amongst Denny's inspired decor and order from a server next to an abundance of fake plants. The best bbq restaurant I have been to is in El Paso, called Rudy's. Best ever...you see the meat, you choose it, you eat it, fresh.Only real positives were the delightful server and the tea.
2	I attended Memphis BBQ with a party of 15 and was seated in a semi private room which was quite nice. The staff was helpful but I felt they were overwhelmed with our party that a few requests were forgoten besides that everything was good except for the main course. Appetizers were pretty good: sampler (includes Onion rings, chicken wings, fried okra, potato skins and deep fried dill pickles which i recommend tasting for your first time) and their nachos were ok and sweet. For my main course I ordered the 15th anniversary ribs trio and found all three ribs to be very dry and disgusting. It wasn't tender and it lacked flavor! Sadly for a restaurant named after their ribs they failed to satisfy. Sorry Memphis BBQ!
3	I used to really like this place when I moved here but it seems like these days that everything is decent here BUT the ribs.  The smoked buffalo wings are great as is the smoked turkey and most of the sides.  But the ribs are the bread and butter of any decent bbq restaurant and these ribs just aren't worth paying for anymore.  Get anything else but the ribs!
2	When I arrived at home from work, hubby had a craving for BBQ and since I am not really a fan of BBQ,  (I would rather grill BBQ myself than eat out), he chose Memphis Championship Barbecue on Rainbow.  We sat in the bar area which was clean, nice and had a couple of flat screens.  Our waiter, (I really should remember our servers' names) pointed out the summer specials on the menu which looked very delicious and affordable.Hubby picked out the 3 rib platter of pork, beef and some other type of rib with coleslaw and beans.  I chose the 2 meats of burnt ends, (ends of some meat and pulled pork with corn on the cob and 3 cheese macaroni.My pulled pork was dry and there were a lot of fatty pieces in the burnt ends.  The corn was great and the 3 cheese macaroni was not bad.Hubby's favorite was the pork ribs, he didn't touch the beef ribs because it looked dry and over done.  Beans were soso, coleslaw wasn't bad.I think they wanted you to drench their branded BBQ sauce over all the meats which I didn't particularly find tasteful.  Now the last time I was here was about 2 or 3 years ago they served great rolls with honey butter.  This time we had to ask for them because the waiter said most people don't eat it if it's served then they have to throw it all out.  In other words they were wasting more rolls.  I gave a star for that.  I don't like wasting food.  The rolls weren't the same ones though...The other star I gave to the waiter and the corn....I really don't like saying anything bad about a restaurant but we probably won't be there again for a long time.
2	I went here for lunch with co-workers. We sat in the bar area, and our waitress quickly said hello and got us menus. So far no problems. We started out with an order of onion strings, which our party of 4 quickly finished. When the waitress brought out our drinks, we asked for another order. I had the slider lunch special which was 3 sliders and 2 sides for $8.50. The pulled pork was the best of the sliders, the chicken was way too dry. I did like the creamed corn and cucumber salad I got as sides. Our waitress was very chatty, to the point of annoyance. And we never got the second order of onion strings. Overall I wasn't impressed, I prefer Lucille's and Famous Daves by far.
4	Memphis BBQ -Yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!!!cream corn, mac & cheese, BBQ Oooh MY!!!!
2	Been waiting a while to try this place. Found 80% off coupon from Restaurant.com to check this place out so we finally did. They have Happy Hour! 2 of my favorite words. *sigh* Good deals - 1/2 off most appetizers and $2 off drinks and some other stuff. Don't remember.Came her during happy hour both times. Got the ribs, both styles. I guess I am just not a fan of the smokey flavor. But the ribs were pretty dry and not very saucy. The bed of onion strings that the ribs (appetizer) came on were delicious though! At my first visit, we sat at the bar and only ordered the rib appetizers and then a dessert. Nothing special about it. Only good thing was the onion strings.Second time around, there was a party of 7. Server was pretty good. Got the apple unsweetened tea. Yum. Got lots of onion strings (not as good this time around) and wings! The wings (original) were decent, the other flavors weren't that good. Also had potato skins, decent. And as the main course we had fried catfish with side of mac and cheese and beans. Catfish was not very flavorful but texture was alright. Loved the mac and cheese, but the beans were far too sweet.Overall experience, meh. Food is not worth the money, but I guess the appetizers at half off are okay for the price, but there's so many other options out there I probably won't go back.. ever.
2	I've been here twice.  The first time I think I just got a salad and a Fat Tire beer.  I thought it was okay, and after going to Famous Dave's BBQ a few times since -- and really enjoying the BBQ flavors  there -- I decided to return to Memphis BBQ for a change.  This time I got the pulled chicken sandwich with sides of cole slaw and a vegetable medley.  My friend got a four-meat platter.We were both quite disappointed.  I expected the chicken to be more flavorful than it was.  I took half the sandwich home and finished it later.  It was edible, but nothing to celebrate.  The cole slaw was just awful.  It tasted sour.  I just took a couple of bites of that and didn't even take the rest of it home with me.   The vegetable medley was okay.My friend's opinion of the four-meat platter was that it was a one-note dish.  All the meats she chose (chicken, beef brisket, pork burnt tips, and Louisiana ribs) tasted pretty much the same.  Like the chicken on my sandwich, they were not well-sauced, and you couldn't escape the overly-pungent smokiness of the dish.I tasted one of her pork burnt tips and was put off by the smoked flavor myself.Lesson learned.  I won't be going back to Memphis BBQ.  If you want great BBQ, I would recommend Famous Dave's.
4	Pretty good food and plenty of it! Barbecue snobs need not eat here. Yea, some will be put off by the smokiness of the 'cue but after being barbecue-deprived from nearly a year in the middle of nowhere it was some serious chow action! They also sell their BBQ sauce (regular and spicy), and some BBQ tools as well as their Magic Dust dry rub, which I promptly shipped some to Kwajalein!Barbecue snobs need not eat here. I'm not one of 'em. If you've got a craving for 'cue, look no further!
5	This place rocks!! Excellent service and recomendation from our waitress, Kayla!! The Monte Cristo deep fried bread pudding bites, tri-tip sandwich, and Mac and cheese were to die for!! Wish there was one closer to my home in California!! Great choice for everyone !! Next time I am in Vegas I am coming back!!As of 6/6/2012 this location is closed but there are other las Vegas locations and they are all great
3	Not as good as used to be.  We took out of town visitors there.  I had brisket.  Kind of tough and dry.  Sauce seemed boring.  Service not very good considering the place was really empty on a Wednesday night.Prices much higher than say Tony Roma's or Lucille's.  Would only go back if I had a 50% off coupon.
4	Alright!!  About to try some BBQ!!The baby-back ribs, collared greens, green beans and Mac & cheese was awesome.... They give a lot of food...
5	I had my son's wedding catered from here. They were prompt, set up for us and the food was great. We had the smoked prime rib which was tender and juicy. The mac and cheese was the best I have had, really creamy. My favorite side was the cucumber salad, crisp sweet and sour. The creamed corn was really sweet and delicious. The chicken and brisket were perfect. I can't say enough. Everything was delicious they supplied all the plates forks and napkins. Would definitely use them again.
3	I was able to make two meals out of my dinner.Both the hubby and I weren't REAL impressed. He got a 3 meat combo, I got a pulled pork sandwich...which I had to keep dousing in BBq to moisten my palette. Plus everything's good with tons of BBq, although theirs...eh, I've had better.The baked beans were great, and probably the best coleslaw I've ever had.Sweet apple tea was pretty good.It would take a huge coupon or gift card for me to return, but glad I tried it.
1	Sadly I have to write my first bad review.This place should be ashamed to have the word barbecue in there name.First off i'll start by telling you I am from Kansas City, I know about BBQ,I took my husband and kids here for dinner, we have been dying for some Burnt Ends, the decor is nice the server was friendly and very nice as well but the food is horrid.Hubby ordered the Burnt Ends "naked" no sauce they should be DRY as he has food allergies and has to be careful with spices and sauces.I ordered the crawfish app and the 4 meat combo to split with the kids.our order came out and hubby's was covered in sauce, so we let the server know, they went back to remake it.The meat combo was missing the chicken and we had to ask for it, once it we got the chicken is was very dry and over cooked, as was the shredded pork.the crawfish was was over salted and dryHusbands burnt ends finely came out again with sauce so we complained then we were told by the manager "oh we baste them 3 times in the cooking so there is no way to get them dry, sorry your server didn't know" WTF BBQ is about the meat and the cooking it is NOT about drowning it in sauce what are you trying to hide about your food? The spices in the sauce are so over powering you can't even taste the meat or anything else after that!  My husband ended up at home with a frozen pizza after what should have been a nice family dinner out!The mac and cheese? ya its Kraft I can make a whole box at home for less than there $2.25 side dish! All in all it was a bad expensive experience, the best part of the whole dinner was the sweet apple blossom iced tea, now thats really saddon't waste your money on this place drive over to North Las Vegas and find H&H BBQ
3	3 1/2 stars. I'd been craving some BBQ since arriving in Vegas and happen to drive by Memphis Championship BBQ. This seemed like a chain restaurant and the interior was large and clean and nicely decorated . My order the lunch combo of two meats, my choices the baby back & St Louis ribs with the 2  side choices - mac and cheese and Cole slaw.My waiter was friendly and on the spot. The food arrived within minutes of ordering. I preferred the St Louis style ribs due to the seasoned rub and lightly smoked flavor. The baby backs were tender and meaty but were just average. The slaw was a vinegar based flavor which was tangy and unique. The mac and cheese reminded me Kraft Mac and cheese flavor that I ate when younger - nothing to write home about.Overall, a decent dinning experience and less then $15.00 for lunch and a beverage excluding tip.
2	The sauce has a smoked taste but somewhat bland. I'm from NC and thought the Memphis taste would be similar and it hasn't been so far. I've used the online order feature which has made it convienant for me to bring the food home and sample. The cole slaw was very disappointing as I prefer creamy. The mac and cheese has no taste the baked beans had 3 different beans in it- kidney, baked and butter. The wings again, bland. The best so far is the catfish.
3	Not sure about  "championship" but maybe I'll go top five.....ribs had good smoky sauce and had a lot of meat but were a bit over done.  Beans were good, and I liked the coleslaw.  But the hot links were mild at best, maybe not 5 alarm hot, but something with a little more zip to it.I'm not a big sweet tea fan but theirs is always cold, served in those cool mason jars and is just right, my server said try the apple next time.  Oddly it was the only thing she recommended out of the whole menu, maybe she knew something?
5	I should disclose that when I ate the food from this establishment, someone had picked it up. So I cannot comment on the service, the restaurant, or anything like that. My commentary is exclusively about the food.I loved it. I don't even know what else to say. The cole slaw, which I think is difficult to get just right, was delicious. The ribs were meaty, dripped delicious sauce, and were the most flavorful ribs I've had in the longest time. The chicken, which I only sampled from my friend's plate, was absolutely perfect. It was one of those instances where you eat something so good, and so filling, that you're truly just happy. I mean, it was a lot of food! And it was all so good! Cannot beat that combo!My only suggestion, other than to make sure you try to ribs, is that you have a ton of napkins available. Or maybe don't scarf it down like I did.
2	I remember this place being a lot better.  We live so close, and hadn't been in a few years so we decided to eat here.  Bad idea.  The service needs some improvement and the food was dry and tasted old.  Our food was lacking in flavor.  The one part I liked was the mason jars for drinking out of, that part was fun.  I don't recommend.
5	My wife and I are big fans of this place!  It has been one of your usual stops when in town on vacation.  The BBQ is authentic and the quality of the meats is great!  We like all styles of barbecue and MCB seems to deliver a satisfying and hearty meal.  One could never complain about portion sizes here, I'm a big eater and I have never been able to finish my meal :)Try one of the meat combos for a sampling of different items like burnt ends, ribs, pulled pork etc...  the fried pickles are EXCELLENT!  Keep up the good work and I'm looking forward to living in town so we can come more often.
3	Perhaps if I hadn't grown up in the south, I would be able to rate this place better. The food was fine, the service was fine, but I'm spoiled. I've had some awesome barbecue in my day, and this just doesn't compare.. The fried pickles are a little off, and the pulled pork and brisket, while nice and moist, just didn't really taste like REAL smoked barbecue. And what kind of southern barbecue place doesn't have brunswick stew and cornbread? Honestly, this place is ok, and I'll probably return at some point. But it could be SO much better.
4	This is the second time that I have been to Memphis Championship BBQ. I went with a friend for the lunch special. I forgot who my server was, (we had two because we got there just before shift change). I do remember the bar tender. Her name was Carrie, we ordered the Irish Coffee with Jameson's Irish Whiskey, unfortunately they were out Jameson's, actually fortunately because we had coffee with a side of Knob Creek Bourbon. Carrie could not have been more of a delight, she wanted to make sure everything was to our liking. This is the first time I have had Knob Creek, it is a smooth sweet bourbon, with just a bit of a whiskey burn, I typically do not care for sweet whiskeys; however, this is one that is a fine exception to that rule.We both had the Two Meat Lunch special with St. Louis Ribs and Brisket. The ribs were meaty and did not have very much fat on the pork ribs. There were three different BBQ sauces, the Original Memphis, the Spicy BBQ sauce, and the Sweet Red Sauce. I tried them all, I liked the sweet Red Sauce the best. The brisket was very good, it was not as tender as I would like it (my own brisket is more tender), and you could taste the rub that was used, this added to the flavor. The waiter we had came back at regular intervals to make sure everything was ok. We had a few refills of coffee while we talked. I would give the restaurant a 5 star rating except that the hostess did not let the waitress know we were seated, which caused a delay in getting our drink orders. And as I mentioned the brisket was not as tender as I would expect. Overall I like the decor, there are a lot of trophies for their barbecue. They have some different accouterments around the restaurant that give it a comfortable feeling. Yes I will be returning, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone except the die hard barbecue aficionados.
3	So I have been here many times, and normally I would probably rank it a four star as I love "the King"; there pulled pork is great, but this last week when I went here it was not that enjoyable due to poor service. Went there this past Wednesday night for dinner. Not many people. Service was prompt but too prompt, we ordered an appetizer, side salad with dinner. The appetizer came out and maybe sixty seconds later the salad and dinners came out. Very poor timing in either the waitress or the kitchens part. No courses and as we ate the appetizer our main course got cold. We told the waitress politely, who laughed, maybe she thought we were kidding or maybe it was a nervous laugh don't know. then she walked away, nothing, no I can take that back, or "sorry", or "I can reheat that". So the next go around we requested to speak with a manager. The manager was nice enough and agreed with us, he offered to take the food back and had them remake it. I must admit I hate sending food back because I am always worried, what if they do something to the food... but it came back and it was remade, not just sitting under a heat lamp. The server came around quite often after that but it was then almost like two often, I timed it and it was about once every five minutes which is great for drink refills but every time she asked if we were okay and that was a bit much as well. I kept reminding myself better too much service than not enough but it would have served her well just to observe that if we are talking and eating it is okay not to make a comment every few minutes. I read once that the best service is the type that everything is taken care of and you don't realize the waiter is there - and I have had this and it is awesome, but not here. So other than the poor service; the food was decent. I tried something different this time and got the two meat platter with pork shoulder and burnt ends. I have never had burnt ends before but have seen it on Food Network. I don't think that this was what is typically called burnt ends it was more like chunks of meat with a lot of fat, but they were good rib pieces. I am always a fan of the pork shoulder. Our appetizer was good, smoked wings, good smoke flavor and not dry; and we shared BBQ nachos those were good as well. Lots of meat on the nachos, which is appreciated. All in all, I always have liked Memphis but it may be awhile before I decide to go back there.
4	CLOSEDWow, I can't believe this location closed. :( I just recently checked-in here and had a really good breakfast, only offered on Saturday and Sunday. On Monday, Sept. 26th, I received an e-mail saying that this location had closed effective Sept. 25th. The e-mail included a coupon for $5 off my next order at one of their other locations. I doubt I will be using it though. I tend to stay in my neighborhood.
