4	I wanted angelhair pasta with pesto.  I saw the sign that said 'Pasta' and drove on up.  They didn't have angelhair pasta or pesto....and I'm totally over it.  I had the best ravioli!  I opted for the cheese filled - with a puree of yellow pepper.  The mild hint of yellow pepper was super.  I also opted for the meat sauce, which is not chunky and is very mild.  At first I didn't think I'd like the biscuits on the side, but they proved to hold up to the sauce very well and were great to mop up the last of that.  While I was waiting (very briefly) for my meal, I perused the owner's artwork and read some of her poetry.  Very pleasant interlude in a busy day!By the way, sugo means sauce :-)  I had to ask.
4	Googled Italian restaurants for lunch and found this place.  Was a little uncertain as we pulled in since it is a very basic looking establishment and looked like mostly a To Go place.  We were super pleasantly surprised.  I had a ravioli with sun dried tomato puree and a tomato butternut squash sauce.  Both very fantastic.  The hint of butternut in the sauce was perfect.  Also came with a super yummy cheese to put on top that I can't pronounce or spell, but trust me, super tasty.The owner was a very pleasant individual, lived in Italy for 15 years, so she knows what she is doing.  The sauces have no sugar or flour in them.  There is no egg in the pasta either so it is vegetarian, or maybe vegan?  I don't know as I'm a meat eater.I gathered that she has different sauces each day.  The two sauces offered during our visit were the butternut squash and a tomato/fennel/basil sauce, which my co-worker said was really good as well.  She actually let us taste one of the sauces before hand, and she gave us our sample with the potato gnocci, which was also really good.FYI, there is not a lot of seating as most of her customers pick up to go, so not the best for a large group wanting to eat in.  I think there was three small tables inside and one outside.In short, a great place for lunch or to pick up some pasta and sauce for a quick and easy gourmet dinner at home.  I highly recommend it!
4	It's a good thing when places like this open their doors.  You've got to take your hat off, or in other words support, local purveyors who introduce our communities to pure artisan craft.  The pasta is great, the owners skilled and authentic, and they are yet another poster child for the growing "think/buy local" movement.No more store bought Barilla for me...and hopefully you too.
4	Purchased whole wheat pasta and sauce to make at home. Thought that I would make it last for a few days but had it for lunch and again for dinner in the same day. Be aware of the open hours. It is worth being organized and getting there when it is open. No longer serving sit-down meals.
5	I recently dropped by Pasta and Sugo and wish I had made more of an effort to have come by previously when they were still serving food here, but the trip was worth it.  I honestly almost drove by their location, but am glad I stopped in.  Their pastas and sauces are both amazingly fresh.  The owner is really a very nice gentleman who not only assisted me in making decisions on what to purchase pasta shape wise, but even gave me a little tour of the establishment.  It's interesting to see the equipment used on premises and how fresh everything is.  They have a special air drying system for their pasta which is magical once you reconstitute it! The pasta tastes almost as good as fresh!  The quality is amazing.  I was also informed that their products will also be on the shelves of some Whole Foods and AJ's in Arizona, which is so wonderful.  If you are in the neighborhood though during business hours, I suggest you stop by this location and check them out and all your pasta and sauce questions will be answered.
4	It's a little pricey for uncooked pasta, but it is delicious and I feel worth every penny! (or dollar in this case) My boyfriend makes an excellent carbonara from a Batali book and the tagliatelli they have at Pasta and Sugo is the perfect combination. we have also had the ravioli which is very good and easy to prepare. Make sure you take heed of the time listed- they are not open very many hours and the hours that they are open are not very convenient.
4	I came across this place because I would pass it everyday...finally I had to stop and try it...they only offer certain sauces and raviolis everyday and gnocchi...but everything is great...it's all made from scratch and the owner is very sweet...it is very authentic and delicious...you can bring pasta and sauce home too,,,they have odd hours and sometimes have very limited selection but it's awesome...the owner lived in Italy for years and really knows her stuff!
5	now they serve lunch and are open monday-saturday. woohoo!
5	Delicious homemade pasta and for only $4.99! I decided to finally stop by this place one afternoon as I drive by it often and I was in for a real treat. The pasta and sauce is pure yummy and satisfying. I will continue to return here. Candidly, the pasta meal I get here is better than the pasta dishes as the two or three dollar sign restaurants. Far better value, taste and fulfillment at Pasta and Sugo.
5	Best pasta and choice of sauce, changing daily! Value for $4.99 you get fresh made from scratch and cooked for you when you order! In house fresh made breads stuffed with goodies am themselves! Check it out!
5	Most amazing Pasta ever.  Whole wheat pasta was fresh and tastes amazing.  Panzerotto (Pizza Roll) was also one of a kind.  I can't wait to come back!
5	I've driven by Pasta and Sugo at least twice a week for the past few months and finally went in for lunch today.  Why did I wait so long??  The employee and owner were both kind, courteous, and hospitable, and the food was AMAZING.  You can't beat a hearty lunch of homemade pasta and sauce for $4.99, and I could only eat half of mine!  I'll definitely be going back.
5	Best accidental find ever. In town on vacation, I had a cranky child demand pasta straight from the airport. We googled pasta and voila -- found Pasta and Sugo. My daughter devoured her fresh pasta, and I bought a bag of dry wheat pasta which I just made last night. It was so good, I'll be calling to request shipments since my grocery stores sadly do not carry this brand.
4	pick a pasta. pick a sauce. pick a cheese. delicious.i even wanted to buy some of the fresh, refrigerated pasta to take home but the owner advised me against it since i had some other errands and the pasta would sit in my car to long. THANKS and good looking out -- most places would just want to sell you as much stuff as they could, regardless of how fresh it would stay.
4	This place is a great spot for a quick and frugal lunch. I've only tried the $4.99 lunch special and it's really good. You get a choice of pasta and sauce, varying from fusilli, rigatoni, or spaghetti and you can choose meat, marinara, or white sauce. The sauce and pasta are both homemade and are served very quickly. The portion size is the right amount too. The owner is also very nice. I would recommend Past & Sugo and will be back again!
2	Be aware. There is an extremely limited menu.3 pastas2 sauces- marinara or sausage And 2 baked items, that's it..
5	Downright delicious and authentic!  Hats off to Signor Grindatto (owner/chef) for bringing Italy to Phoenix.
