4	I love their ready made foods! It's a bit pricey with most items but I enjoyed a 1/2 turkey & swiss panini for ~$3.50 today. My husband devoured the most beautiful rotisserie chicken breast either of us had ever seen. If they sold Naked Juice, I likely would've splurged for a Pomegranate-Blueberry juice. They have chocolate covered dried bananas! I have not been able to find them anywhere else in town.
4	It's just what the name says, fresh.  It's not specialized for health food or organic, just fresh.  They had a large bakery section, and an impressively large produce section.  But you'd kind of expect that from a store like this.  They also had a very good deli, with some of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I left just generally cheerful.
5	IIt is more expensive than your average Harris Teeter, but that is totally because of the great quality of the food.  I agree with Rebekah, everything is fresh here, probably some of the best produce in town.  Apparently the steaks here are really great, and they have a nice deli with loads of sammies.  I like the juice selection and if I was holding onto a little more money this is where I would always shop.  Better than Earth Fare, better than Trader Joes, straight up.
3	Know what?You can't buy toilet paper at the Fresh Market. I hate that. Otherwise, it's a great store. It's pricey, but it's worth it for the quality merchandise you find. The bakery section alone is worth a trip here...and the deli sandwiches are spectacular. I try to avoid their produce unless I'm looking for something really particular that I can't find elsewhere, as they are overpriced and Earth Fare or Trader Joe's usually has the same stuff (plus, it'll be more likely to be organic there).If it weren't for the fancy prices, I'd have given the Fresh Market a higher rank...and if they would just carry toilet paper. Nobody wants to have to make two trips...
5	Walking into Fresh Market, I feel immediately relaxed by the classical music playing overhead.  I also feel a little -- dare I say? -- fancy.  Fresh Market is a chain, but it feels like an independent specialty food market.  The fruits and veggies are comparably priced to your local Harris Teeter and you can usually find a few extra veggies (organic varieties, too!) that you wouldn't normally find at the Teeter.  The meats and cheeses are a little too pricey for my budget, but I love looking at them in the cases nonetheless.  The breads and flavored coffees smell delicious, and they have a great selection of premade dishes (salads, entrees, sandwiches, etc.) if you want to grab lunch to go or bring something home for dinner when you're in a time crunch (or can't cook).  We stopped in this Fresh Market earlier in the week and got some great ideas for future meals to try.  Since we weren't going immediately home, I couldn't stock up on all the things I wanted to.  Refrigerated items don't tend to do well in car trunks for hours.  I did browse and buy some of their fresh spices, though.  (Not to mention some fresh rosemary focaccia for dipping in olive oil!)  They have a wall of fresh spices in little Ziploc baggies that are usually much cheaper than the ones sold in the spice aisle in jars.   If you've got a spice rack (or extra jars) at home, this is the way to go.  Every time I leave a Fresh Market with my bag o' goodies, I think, "Why don't I come here more often?"
5	I absolutely love The Fresh Market. The quality of their food is so much better than any other place in the area. Once I started shopping here it became hard for me to buy produce or deli meat/cheeses anywhere else.  I don't cook very often, due to a problem I have with catching things on fire, so the prepared food case is heaven for me. It is affordable and very good. For some other things the prices are a little higher but the quality is well worth it.  I keep a look out for the weekly specials. When something is on sale the prices are usually right on par with Harris Teeter. The staff is always very nice and helpful. The people at the deli don't even get annoyed with me when I need 2 slices of 3 different cheeses to make badass grilled cheese sandwiches (which are the extent of my culinary skills). The bakery makes me drool.  Oh, and hooray for the newest addition, the olive bar, it's awesome.
2	i was actually on my way to trader joes but fresh market was closer so i thought i would give it a chance. stupidly, i waited until saturday to go and, of course, the place was very crowded. this might not have been so much of a problem in another store but the layout of fresh market is narrow and cramped. the entire store is awkwardly designed and dimly lit. i was only looking for three items, one of which was fresh salsa. either they don't carry it or i couldn't find it. they also didn't have broccoli slaw and i have to say that i was disappointed by the produce department overall. i did find a good selection of goat cheeses. products are crammed into every nook and cranny of this place, in the most overwhelming sense possible (the front of the store had a ridiculous amount of christmas stuff).pros: great cheese/ meat section; looked to be a nice bakery; some hard-to-find items can be found herecons: disappointing produce; horribly cramped aisles especially when they are crowded; most things are overpriced; time consuming to find thingsto be fair, i have only visited once so, if i go again and have a better experience, i will update this review.
5	I have lived across the street from this place for over a year and I went in for the first time yesterday lol. I was a little cautious to go in because I thought everything was going to be super expensive, but it was all priced within normal ranges. The place SMELLS AMAZING! There are all sorts of coffees, candies, fresh fruit, meats (raw and cooked). They have everything you'd need from a grocery store and ALL of the registers have a cashier( who is helpful AND pleasant!) I bought a cooked turkey breast while I was in there because it looked o nice...oh my goodness. it was the best turkey I have ever eaten! Just delicious! And they have so much to choose from, too. I definitely recommend this place :)
5	Go on the weekends for a surprise good time! Free wine tastings, cooking demos and samples, and the coolest butchers around serving up high quality meats!
4	Understand what Fresh Market is, before visiting: a gourmet market, with above average priced items.That said, the prices in Fresh Market are far from outrageous, and if you frequent the market on a sale day, you might actually walk away with a bargain.  The selection, and quality, of the beef and poultry products are quite good.  Bread selection is abundant and fresh.  The Tiramisu dessert we brought home, however, isn't something we'd try again. If, like me, you depend on local markets for meat, poultry, and produce (while going to Walmart or Target for the rest), Fresh Market is a good choice.
4	The Fresh Market is a cool little store with tons of fresh meats, produce and bakery goods. I browsed through the store and was pleased with the variety I found, lots of organic selections as well! They have tons of great ready to eat meals as well, I can see me returning for a salad or wrap in the very near future!
4	I usually go here after the gym for a quick snack. They have bulk salted almonds and chocolate coconut water that is great to tide me over before dinner. Fresh Market also has good options for dinner. They have several different types of chicken roll ups including chicken cordon blue, Parmesan chicken, etc. When they go on sale for 2/$6 it makes a great quick, cheap, and easy dinner option. They have many new things to try, and are not that expensive. The cashiers are normally very friendly and I like the store setup.
4	Ready to cook foodsBulk candy/nutsOrganic strawberriesPure honeyGorgeous pink lady and gala applesDried fruit and veggiesHUGE asparagus spearsFantastic international representationSamples (yogurt dip - yum, coffee - meh, wine - yep)Fancy schmancy treats (caramel and sea salt popcorn, cucumber chips, chipotle chocolate)Fresh meatsAll sorts of baked goodsCampari tomatoesTheir own brand of salsaTheir marketing slogan:Fresh Market... We are awesome.Okay, I'm clearly kidding with that last part, but the rest of it is totally true... This place was great... It literally has a market feel with regular box store quantities...  Had an awesome time with the staff... They helped me around since I know I looked like a deer in headlights....  It was a wonderful shopping experience and that was truly some of the best produce I've had...
4	Love the prepared food section here!! This location only gets 4 stars from me though as it's smaller than the other one at Strawberry Hill.  I really wish we had one of the BIG Fresh Markets!The prices can be a little steep on the produce but you know you are getting a really good selection. The frozen food section has a few really good finds that you can't get anywhere else. My favorite thing though is the prepared food section, it has so many yummy good things that are VERY well priced. The bakery is dangerous as well!! Another tip they have an amazing candy selection that is great for stocking stuffers and easter baskets!!
5	More stuff than Trader Joe's and closer to us in Tega Cay, SC
3	I have been to this Fresh Market a lot over the years.  Back in the day it was the grocery store that was different.  Fresher, you know?  Now with the other grocery stores doing what they have to gain marketshare, this location and maybe the entire store seem a bit dated IMO.  I went in to buy flowers since they have always had a great selection and good pricing.  Since it's been a while I waled through.I have grown to like the wide aisles and big selection of the other stores.  Fresh Market just seems crowded and walking around there isn't a real flow.  The meat counter was understaffed although there was a nice selection.  Walking up and down the aisles there was some pretty good stuff and I found what I wanted.  Cashiers were friendly and the experience was good.  The "buggys" were the older metal kind and were dated and rusty.  Definitely time for an upgrade.We all know that in Charlotte we have plenty of grocery stores so you're not stuck to one location or one store because surely there is a Harris Teeter on the next corner from wherever you are.  Fresh Market used to set the bar, now it seems like they need to catch up.
5	I love The Fresh Market. I love it so much, I visit every week! While it is on the pricier side of things, it is so easy to see why. Everything I've bought from them is super fresh and tastes like top quality. I love their coffee samples, they always have a very unique flavor brewed, along with couple of classics. They often have very good deals on desserts, produce, and meat. Just going into The Fresh Market puts me into a feeling of such indulgence. I love feasting my eyes on the desserts and baked goods. They are so gorgeous. They have a large selection of prepared foods. I have never tasted them, but they look quite tasty! I have been visiting since I was little and will continue to go every week!
2	My, how time can change things. I now only stop here out of convenience when I don't want to make the drive to Harris Teeter. The food is still good, prices are alright....but what has changed is the customer service. Especially in the deli. Its downright awful and has been for awhile. So bad i have walked out and i have seen others do the same. Employees will stand around chatting with each other while guests line up. Or they will just continue to clean the counters as guests wait without even being acknowledged. There is zero sense of urgency or caring  and and when they finally do ask for your order its comes across more like you are bothering them. I have sworn this store off many times. When i do occasionally end up here i feel gross that i am actually patronizing a shop that thinks its cool to treat customers this way. Ugh, i wish Harris Teeter was closer (and there was less traffic in Ballantyne) so i'd never have to stop here again.
