5	This place looks awesome. Unfortunately, I am not a member yet, and have to wait until the weekend to go. They are open in the morning on Saturday and Sunday to the public. I'm saving for a bit, but plan on plunking down about $100 for a year membership. From what I hear, there are lots of cool things available to members. I'll edit this post with an update when I get more info. Driving Directions: Exit the 10 on Baseline and head West for a while until you hit 7th AVE. Turn left, and keep going until you just about run into South Mountain. Follow the lazy bend (Olney, I believe) and it will be on your left hand side. Listen for gunshots and follow your ear...
1	stay far away from this place,  you'll get what you pay for with the 100 dollars for the year membership, they handle the crowds by being as cold and unwelcoming as possible, non-members stay away!!!!!!  on Saturdays and Sundays it  is extremely crowded and employees will do everything they can to make sure that you do not "get in the way" of the members. (be prepared to get kicked out).  It is more like an NRA cult then a gun club, don't waste your time or money, there are plenty of professional gun clubs in AZ do not even consider this one as an option.
5	Ok, so I know that this private shooting club has had it's share of problems with membership and maintenance issues but I have to say, in the last 6 months, under the direction of a semi-new board of directors, the range facilities have been greatly improved. The members can enjoy shooting pistols or rifles pretty much all day every day uninterupted except when a scheduled match is on the club calendar located at www.phoenixrodandgun. This new fully updated calendar is really cutting down on the number of scheduling conflicts between match directors and members. Also, since aquiring new Range Staff, the number of complaints about other members or range employees has gone way down. I do have to say, the range which is located right in central phoenix is affordable, practical and overall a great shooting experience.
5	So I enjoy my Second Amendment tremendously. The facility is pretty amazing here. I am floored at how well developed the shooting areas are, the different areas for different size weapons, and the awesome set up of everything. It is a private club but the price for membership is exceptional. Yes it is outside but we all need to get a little more Vitamin D in us.
