3	Easy in, easy out. Taco Bell is probably one of the easiest to eat and drive. As long as you dig into the burrito just right, it's not going to spill all over you while you're piloting a two ton missile down the highway at 115 feet per second.I pulled into this TB at 1AM and wasn't paying a whole lot of attention. There's apparently a script. She said "Can you confirm your order on the screen" and I just kept saying "No, that's my complete order" because I was busy checking in on Yelp and not paying attention. I'm sure that she was halfway to calling the cops and reporting a DUI as I drove off with my "fourth meal."
4	I know its a chain, I also know its not authenic Mexican food, but every now and again I get a Taco Bell craving I just have to satisfy!Plus if you make some wise menu choices, you can eat good without ingesting a whole lot of fat grams. For example, I get 2 steak soft tacos fresco style which is pico de gallo instead of cheese and sour cream. The pico is very good and you can taste the fresh cilantro. This drops the fats grams to only 4 each. Add a side of rice (only 3 fat grams)  cover in fire sauce and add an unsweet tea or diet coke and you eatin' good for only 11 grams of fat! Pretty good from a fast food joint, huh? I also get a side of guacamole that really good, but I don't count it as it has it has all the good kinds of fats that are good for you! A win win situation.I aslo thinks its pretty damn tasty! Thats right, I said it, I LIKE TACO BELL!!Plus most locations I have been in are clean and the counter service is friendly.I don't eat here once a week or even once a month, but when the craving does hit, I'm  thinking outside the box and making a run for the border!
4	You can definitely tell management has been  making efforts to improve this franchise. The staff are mostly friendly and prompt. The tacos are filled to the edge with ingredients, and the line moves pretty quickly now. Sometimes they leave an item out of my order or give me unsweet tea instead of sweet, which is the worst, but most of the time everything is great.
4	This place is pretty good at getting the orders out quickly and most importantly getting everything you order in the bag. I did get the splats after eating here the last time but I can't be 100% sure it was from this food here, but it doesn't matter I will still keep going.
