3	This is a typical Apple store but I'm biased for two reasons. 1. I hate heights. Sure, it's pretty, Apple, but seriously, does that stairway need to be so high and so transparent? You're making me a danger to other customers because I have to close my eyes to walk up and (this one's you for, grandma) making me more religious because I have to pray that I don't plunge to my untimely death. 2. Not exclusive to this store, but I will be forever tiffed with Apple for not fixing my laptop for free after I spilled "water" on the keyboard. Just as they were about to accept it for repairs, they took it to the back, announced that they had found a "sugary substance," glared at me for attempting to trick them, and informed me that my negligence with my Friday night drink would cost $300. I bought your $20 keyboard cover and saved myself from alcohol-computer incidents but I still don't want to walk up those stairs!
5	This is a "flagship" Apple store, as opposed to a standard one. It is singularly unique with bold architectural flare. It looks like no other Apple store you have seen.Of course this also means the narrow minded among us will no doubt complain about something - and perhaps not even come. This might be an additional reason to visit!Pragmatically, it's a good store. Everything I've ever needed has been in stock. It's well staffed and I have always found someone eager to help (unlike some Apple stores where it's impossible to make eye contact with anyone).They have a Genius bar as well as on staff "creatives" who will help with projects and ideas.
4	Nice place to shop, and they got good customer service
5	The Apple Store is a magical place. Just remember to set an appointment;)
2	I am reviewing the store, not the product here. I adore Apple, I have an: iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro, etc. My old MacBook pro served me well, 6 years of kickass service but it had become so slow and I had about 23 seconds of battery life at a time, not good.I skipped on down down to the Mac store on Ste Catherine and it was a quiet night there. I had made an appointment at the Genius Bar so that I could get some tips on how to get all of my old files onto the new laptop that I was buying. 1500$ later and 4 different 'genius' sales people later, I had my new laptop purchased and I was heading upstairs to my genius appointment. They told me that they could in fact, not help me and that I would need to purchase the 80$ Mac One-to-One deal if I wanted help (seriously?) I made it clear that all I wanted was for them to transfer my stuff  from iPhoto and iTunes from my old Mac to my new Mac because I am a busy lady.Finally after telling me they would do it but that it would take 3 days, I walked out and said 'screw this' and I figured it out on my own, at home in like 2.5 minutes. Screw you Apple store, you were of zero help. I adore your products, but you should not be walking around calling yourself a 'genius' by any stretch of the imagination you money grabbing punk asses.
3	I bought recently an unlocked iPhone (so I can use it when I go to Europe, which is at least twice a year)...and the customer service was rather crappy, the employees walk around with an air of arrogance, you ask for help and they turn around and leave you talking to yourself. I asked the Black girl if I could use the phone with the current SIM card and she said yes, while actually i had to go to my carrier and get a smaller card...which means she knows dung about the products. I don't really care about the flare, or the architectural style of the store or whether people worship Steve Jobs or not, I care for customer service..in this sense Apple is no better than McDonalds...probably next time I need an Apple product I'll go online, and for tips about how to use their stuff there are lots of websites or can go to the forums at the Apple website...the Genius bar..I think it's a rather Dumb-ass bar
3	Have you ever watched a nature doc on the Queen bee and the honey bees are fast at work flying, hovering and stopping, then take off again. If bees wore blue tshirts and had headsets and iphones holstered to their hands then this Apple Store is the hive. Only the Queen in this case, is in Cupertino. So yeah, every time I've come in here, everyone is running around, and swarms of people are hunched over or looking around,  people walking up or down the stares with either delight in their eyes, or a certain emptiness where the reflection of a couple of Monopoly moneybags have sprouted wings.It is grand in there, it is large, and probably larger if there weren't so many people there. I had to get a replacement charger from there, and as I lined up to pay, a small blue shirted bee happily poached me and offered to help me out.I was in and out in about 14 minutes. No greeting at the door, in or out, but the second I had goods in my hands, I saw smiles galore and walked out with one monopoly money bag reflection flying away. But it is a Macbook that I have and cherish, and I know I spent more time gazing into it, than any other human or object in the world right now.
4	Nice Apple store on two levels and free wifi, even for those of us who are rocking with an Android. Interesting to see the advertisements and signage in French.
5	Large store, not too crowded. Blue t-shirt guys always nice and smiling.Sooo much better that the Toronto Apple Store!!
4	My iMac has been acting weird for the past few months and I finally decided that it was time to take it in for servicing and repairs as I have a MacBook Pro from 2006 that I can use in the interim.I made an appointment this morning for the afternoon, packed up the iMac and headed downtown. The iMac is not a light thing, and the moment I walked through the doors of the Apple store, someone took charge of the box from me, walking it upstairs and checking it behind the counter until my name was called. At exactly the appointed time, a gentleman came over to take care of me. From start to finish the entire process was seamless and I left the Apple store feeling like they took their time to answer any questions, gave me several options to resolve the problems I was having and made sure I walked away with everything I needed. I always seem to get great customer service at Apple and that's what keeps me coming back!
5	What a great company. They have very good products, they are user friendly and they are built so well. The design, the apps and how all their different products are related to each other it's crazy. As for the service, you'll get good service if you take an appointment, if not get ready to wait
5	I'm basing my review on my recent visit to the Apple store, which, coincidentally, wasn't my first visit. I stopped by yesterday and as luck would have it, the store wasn't overflowing with people whose unique reason for being there is to play with iPhones and iPads they're never going to buy.  That meant that I could actually have a conversation with someone regarding the iPhone that I plan to purchase in the near future, without being pushed and shoved. Woohoo! I think I really lucked out because Clara (the Apple employee I spoke to) was amazing. She was super enthusiastic and took the time to answer all my questions as well as to offer suggestions and tips based on her own experience and knowledge. I did tell her upfront that I wasn't looking to buy the phone that day, but that changed absolutely nothing - I received a high level of service and despite employees NOT being on commission, I'll definitely be looking for Clara when I do go back to buy my phone. While the Apple store is usually pretty well staffed, I think that the level of service that you receive can be hit or miss. When I bought my Macbook Pro, the guy who "took care" of me did absolutely F-all for me other than call up my order. Considering the cost of that purchase, I'd expect amazing service but that wasn't the case. This was 3 years ago so perhaps that guy's not working there anymore!I would suggest going shortly after the store opens to avoid the crowd. This way you can take your time and get all your questions answered without feeling rushed.
4	Updated:I stopped by the Apple store yesterday to set up my phone and activate it on my network. As my previous review will attest, I was pretty impressed with the level of service that I received from Clara a few weeks ago, and truth be told, I was skeptical that I'd get the same high level of service twice in a row. I mean, what are the odds? The guy 'assigned' to me this time around was Brenton (HI!). Based on the number of times his colleagues harassed him while I was there (a LOT), I assessed that I was in pretty good hands because he's the resident iPhone guru. I would dock points off for all these interruptions, were it not for the amazing service that Brenton provided. Not only did he walk me through the set-up process, but he also took the time to answer all my questions (I had a lot!), offered tips and suggestions based on his own experiences, and took a detour to show me the perks of iPhoto (way better than Preview if you're using a Mac and are into photography). Brenton is the definition of customer service at its best  - he's knowledgeable, patient and super friendly. He takes the necessary time to get the job done right. Hey Apple - give this guy a raise! Also, get him an assistant - I think he needs one ;)
4	Though the Genius was unable to fix my apparently coffee-soaked laptop (wha? who?) I can't really hold Apple responsible (though I'd like to) and my review must rest on the ease of booking an appointment online for free smart, friendly tech help in a beautiful building. Booking at 9am was smart since the store was closed the vibe was quiet. The only people there were getting help like me, or learning Aperture or how to check their emails or something. The floor to ceiling windows and soft light and giant tables make the second floor a nice space both to learn and to shop (or mind shop) for beautifully designed and pricey products.
1	tried to get an appointment at the genius bar for the imac that has the white screen of death.  tried 3 devices to make the appointment but the page with the id/pw kept saying the id or pw was wrong even after resetting it or making a new one.A: "hi, i'd like to make an appointment for the genius bar."B: "sorry, you have to make it through the website."A: "but my computer crashed.  that's why i'm calling you."B: "sorry there is no other way to make an appointment except online or in person."45 mins there and back through the crowds, 1 min to make the genius bar appointment in person.apple..."genius?" more like apple (fill in the blank)
2	I shouldn't say it but I will. Dear Apple, suck my left nut. My first iPhone's speaker broke within 3 months. It was fortunately replaced on the spot after much back and forth. My new 4s' power button is broken, an issue so common that you have now authorized replacements on the 5, but not the others (this is also what cost me my itouch). Your Genius Bar tells me its a 2 hr wait despite the number of staff chatting in groups, laughing and saying "you're so bad!"   Other than the one staff member who told me that the flaw in your design (that you have acknowledged) is going to cost me $200 the rest of your staff today have been shockingly useless. Disappointing service and disappointing brand experience.
5	I walked into the apple store on a whim, just traveling in Montreal and my phone stopped charging. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They figured out my problem and though they were swamped, they got me in and out and solved my issue. Even suggested I make an appointment to come return the charger I had bought because mine was under warranty. Came back the next day and after a short wait, talked to the staff and got my money back, and a new charger. Great customer service, worth the wait.
