3	I'm not a big fan of Dennys but my family and I wanted to enjoy some early morning grub.I've been to this location a few times in the past. Inside of the restaurant was very clean, quiet, and calm.The a/c had to be set on blizzard because it was colder than polar bear toenails in that building lol.Overall, the food was good and filling and the staff was nice. Definitely will visit again if I'm in the area.
1	dined several times, food always was just the average coffee shop meal. the last time I was there, I noticed something in my coffee, and upon further inspection, saw that it was a baby cockroach. DO NOT EAT HERE! if there's one, there's more! when I brought it to the waiters attention, he quickly picked up my cup and ever so quietly whisked it away and brought me a new fresh cup. needless to say, I exited before my meal even came.
1	Just keep driving and hit up IHOP, it's literally 30 seconds away from this Denny's.I am actually a Denny's fan. When I am in the mood for something that is full of calories and eggs that are stuffed with meat and cheese, Denny's is a good place to come. It's great for eating after you've been drinking and it's good for a breakfast, just because you want to have a huge Grand Slam breakfast.Unfortunately this Denny's is really sub-par, and I know, I know - it's Denny's! But still. The place is always super crowded and the waiters always seem on the verge of having mental break downs. They often forget items or don't have the food brought out correctly (ie: my boyfriend always orders things without onions and here they always manage to leave them on). Plus, I think Denny's is over-pricing its food now-a-days. Unless you go for their specials such as the breakfast slams you might as well go eat somewhere else and get better food for a better price. I paid $9.99 for an "okay" buffalo chicken sandwich. When I pay almost $10 for a sandwich, I want it to be spectacular. Just not worth it.
1	It should be half a star.   My order came completely wrong and tasted like day old leftovers reheated in a microwave.   Waitress never asked about the meal, manager only cared about the bill.So as a disabled marine, i quietly paid & left.   Hence this mention on yelp, twitter, & to their corporate.  Everyone, do not eat at dennys, the food was horrible and the customer service was like the dmv.   Cold and uncaring.
3	Good food, good service. No complaints.
3	Ehhh pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns and fruit and a hot chocolate....'nuff said.
3	Food always good here.
3	They no longer have their "old favorite" roast beef with gravy, but they replaced it with something similar. They put bread on a plate, then mashed potatoes, then roast beef with some veggies and pour gravy over the whole thing. It was different but it was good. I did enjoy it.
4	Don't make it too this location to often but have never had any complaints about service. People are very friendly and that makes all the difference when visiting a Denny's. Place is kept clean to include restrooms.
5	I went here for Veterans Day in order to take advantage of their all-you-can-eat pancakes for those in the military.In terms of food quality: well, it's Denny's, and this restaurant chain is the same everywhere else. I never had any problems with my order or the quality of taste at this location. The waitress that served me was nice and attentive.Currently, Denny's is doing yet another Hobbit promotion, so if you love Tolkien's work, do dig in to their special Hobbit-themed menu. It's limited edition and the price is worth if for what they offer.Oh, and speaking of Veterans Day: Denny's *always* offers a 10% military discount to active, reserve, and retired servicemen as well as their dependents. My family always makes sure to ask the waiters for this whenever we eat at Denny's, so don't be afraid to ask if you are in the military as well.
5	Micheal was very nice. He gave us a lot of attention.  Very nice to my kids. ;) ;) ;) ;) ;)
4	We came here after a stress-filled morning and were pleasantly surprised. This Denny's is nothing like the one we'd been to previously. The cook actually did a great job, the service was spot-on and the waitress was awesome.
5	ADRIEL is AWESOME... He was our Host,  Waiter/Server and cashier It's amazes me why he's not a manager... I have been to Denny's across the Vegas valley and even though the location is on the East Side of town, I've had great service... I counted 4 workers on dinner shift... 1 cook, 1 bus man & 1 waiter, 1 waitress... The cook was fast and when I say fast I mean I waited 15 mins TOP for my food... Hot and fresh! Needless to say, I was impressedThe bus guy,  waited for customers to clear table and he was on it... & Adriel, exceptional service, very efficient & attentive not only to us but all of his tables... didn't pay to much mind to the waitress but also had quite a bit of tables... He has the definition of "Customer Service" (something las vegas lacks) Kudos to Adriel, if any of his managers read this, please give him a promotion and acknowledgement because he surely deserves it as well as the cook and bus guy... I would definitely be back and this will now be my home Denny's lol
1	HORRIBLE!!! Our server was ok however some other girl LAKEISHA came to our table , while we're were eating and wanted a chair. We told her we were using it (for our 2 purses and diaper bag) and she responded with WELL WE HAVE PEOPLE WAITING TO BE SEATED AND I NEED THIS CHAIR. So we have her one. She ended up taking 2 total. The end result was that they didn't need it at all and just put the by the window facing the outside. I personally think she did that just mock us. Brian was GREAT!!! He took care of us and FINALLY got our pancakes. If it wasn't for him we would probably be waiting for them still THANKS BRIAN!!!
5	I came with my kids last Sunday.Great, everything was great! My kids always leave half of the food when we eat out, but on this occasion they even asked for more.  The staff was nice and kind.
4	I love it here me and my wife come almost everyday everybody is great from the manger to our hostess cece they are always in a happy mood
1	Awful place. Extremely loud and unpleasant and the food is close to not being edible.
5	Man I love this place everybody makes me and my wife fell welcome every time we come in form Blanca,cece,Chris and manny more
