4	This is the bar next to Amos' Southend.  It's actually nicer inside than you would expect and of course the perfect spot to grab a drink before a show.  It's a refreshingly sleazy, antsy crowd that hangs out and is always up to no good in the best possible way.  If I wasn't such an old fart I'd hang out here more often.
3	Located next to Amos' Southend, this bar is a nice little retreat if you're looking to get out of Amos' for a bit.I was at Amos' for a concert one night & was tired of the opening act. So my friend & I headed over to the Gin Mill to check the scores of the game before the main act came on stage. From the moment we walked in, you could tell this place was a sports bar. This probably had to due with the fact that they are a Notre Dame friendly bar, & the Irish were playing, but it still was a very lively atmosphere. With plenty of tvs throughout the place, there wasn't a bad seat in the house to catch the game. I'm not sure if it's always as crazy when the Irish aren't playing, but it was great when they were.While it was a short trip to the Gin Mill, I think it's a great little bar to check out if you're at Amos' and tired of that scene. You can pop into the Gin Mill pretty quickly & grab a drink. And if the Irish are playing, look out.
2	That's right as you've heard this is a bar where you can grab a drink before a concert.  The crowd here is boring.  I was going to see a Little Brother show next door on a Saturday and I arrived way too early.  There were several football games on in the bar, everyone watched the games, but no one had any real sports spirit to them.  They do have shuffle board and other games and it might be fun with a friend, but the people didn't have any life.
2	I came here when I was in Charlotte visiting some friends.  The bar was okay.  The bartenders were a little limited in their knowledge of drinks.  Nothing really stood out about this place.  The music seemed to be piped in over satellite radio and was pretty tame.  They had darts which were nice.  It's not like I have anything bad to really say about the place.  I just have nothing good to say about it either.
1	First off, this is the first review I've ever written on this site. I've never had an experience that I felt the need to write about, and I felt that everyone else covered everything in this city pretty well. After tonight, I felt the need to post my opinion about this place. I use this site plenty for checking out new restaurants and bars and I hope people read my review as a warning too.I will start off by saying that I went to Gin Mill tonight specifically to play trivia with a group of friends who go there every week. Last week the team came in first and won a $20 gift certificate. Tonight, our team came in first again and we won an additional $20 gift certificate and even a "free" round of drinks. Nathan Richie runs trivia and he is a stand up guy who spent a good bit of time with us after the game chatting and just being really friendly. I think he's great and I love the game he ran.The trouble came after he left, at the close of night when we closed our tab. We came with a group of five, 2 of which weren't even drinking. Our drinking was broken down pretty easily... We won a round of 5 Blue Moon beers (again, 3 of us were drinking, so 2 of the 5 freebie beers were redistributed between the 3 of us)... As for paid beers we had the following:Me: 3 Miller High Lifes, 1 Blue MoonPerson #2: 3 Blue Moons, 1 High LifePerson #3: 2 Blue Moons, 2 High LifesFor a grand total of 5 Miller High Lifes and 7 Blue Moons to pay for.We also had our 5 "free" Blue Moons, so we had a total of 17 beers between the group.We went to pay our tab at the end of the night, and we had a $20 gift certificate for placing first in trivia the week before. We figured that would cover the bulk of our beers, so we didn't bring much money. We were presented with a tab for 12 Blue Moons and either 6 or 7 High Lifes (I don't remember which number it was as I was more focused on the extra Blue Moons, since High Life was only $2). We argued with the bartender that it was way wrong and that he was charging us for our free round of Blue Moon (since we DID drink 12 Blue Moons, but 5 were supposed to be free due to trivia that night) and he claimed that he already took 5 off the tab. The bartender was accusing the three of us of drinking 22-23 beers between us, which wasn't correct in the least. We tried to argue with him. When we closed my girlfriend was with us and she was one of the 2 people who didn't have an ounce of alcohol to drink... She could even recount how many beers we had and knew that we were being accused over 5-6 beers more then we got.What was great is that we asked if anyone else had ordered drinks on our tab and he said "maybe when you first got here," which alarmed us. The entire night we only had 1 person order drinks for our table the whole night. No one else went to the bar to order a single drink for us.He wouldn't listen to us and eventually we got him to take our freshly earned gift certificate from trivia that night (one that we planned to use next tuesday) towards the 5-6 extra beers he added to our tab.I loved the trivia and the guy who ran it was great, but the bartender is either an idiot or decided that he didn't agree with how much money he was making that night and thought he could squeeze an extra $20-30 out of a group.
1	gotta agree w/Josh, got dragged there twice last yr as part of a group and the place is the bottom of the barrel as far as bars go....funny thing is when it first opened (probably 12 yrs ago) in its original incarnation it was a cool unique place to go and we went there often....now it seems like the help there are people who can't get a bar job anywhere else, most of the patrons are a little skeevy, or else guys who're looking for trouble, and the atmosphere is oppressive & dingy..WAY TOO many places to go in CLT to put up w/a bar like this
1	This place was alright. I went for the trivia, which was fun and they guy who hosted it was great, so that part of the night was enjoyable. However, there was only one person on the bar's actual staff that I saw in the several hours I was there. In a bar with 20-30 patrons at a time, I'm sure he was spread a little thin. Also, there was a group of rowdy, obnoxious, and aggressive people that spent a good portion of the evening shouting insults and obscenities at other patrons and trying to start fights every time someone passed them to use the restroom and being otherwise generally obtrusive to everyone else having a good time. And with only one guy working and no bouncer to speak of, they proceeded to do just as they please, severely annoying myself and most of the rest of the bar. The rest of the crowd was really tame. It was a weeknight so it was pretty quiet and after things settled down it was alright. The website's pictures completely misrepresent the place, it's not nearly that nice, must have been taken when it was new. But, it's a neighborhood bar and I'm sure the convenience is nice for some. Also it's probably a good place to grab a drink before or after a show. Overall, I had an okay night but don't have any plans to go back.
3	I've been in Charlotte 2 days, and have been to 3 bars, and they were about all the same.  However, this  place had a significantly better beer selection, and they also had a Woodchuck cider (gluten-free) that  I could drink!  I had 3 of them :P.  They had a great, bad 70s cover-band...nothing like a live band, cider, and women's curling!!
5	Gin Mill always has friendly bar staff, and it's almost never empty.  Their 24oz PBR tallboys are $2.00 or so, which is perfect for the economical drinkers out there.  They have darts, fooseball, shuffleboard, and a nice little rooftop lounge area with cornhole.  Weeknight events include trivia, live musicians, Wii Sports on their projector, Karaoke, as well as the occasional DJ!  The crowd is typically young and chipper, and prices are great.I've even left my credit card here overnight once, and was delighted to see no surcharges were applied in penalty.
3	Have to admit I havent' been here in several years but always had fun at this place.  The owner is a great guy.  They didn't serve food but would order for you next door @ Tavern on the Tracks. Heard they have a nice rooftop view.
4	A bar near uptown Charlotte that is no frills, has no dress code, and no attitude?  It does exist and it's called the Gin Mill.  If you are a transplant from any blue collar city, the Gin Mill will make you feel at home as it is reminiscent of bars in those cities.  They have shuffleboard, darts, and a few other games.  They also have some killer beer specials every day.  There is a nice rooftop bar that used to have a great view of uptown until they built the condos across the street.  They don't serve food, but Tavern on the Tracks is in the same building and serves a full menu until 2.Come here to escape the yuppies, botox, and cougars that are so prevalent in the QC.
3	Great place to grab a drink with some friends. Cool people and nice bartenders. Hint hint if you are going to sing Karaoke be prepared for a very very small selection of songs. Come on who doesn't have Summer Lovin....its a Karaoke classic. Fortunately I didn't come in to sing Karaoke so I wasn't that disappointed :)
2	Only been there once. Wasn't too impressed with the place. Was expecting more of a "Gin Mill" than a dive bar.They had a band there, not bad, but the stage is the seating area. Didn't help that the sub was standing amongst the crowd, due to the minimal space. They had a pretty good selection of beers on tap, but the whole time I was scurred because I haven't had my tetnis shot lately. They could do more with the minimal space, was a little dissappointed.LBD scale: 3.
3	Gin Mill is a solid place to grab a drink with friends in Southend. No food is served here, but they do have popcorn. For food, head next door to Tavern on Tracks. They do have a 2nd floor deck that used to have a great view of Uptown, but that is now obstructed. You'll find average service, the occasional karaoke and a plentiful amount of TV's and games like darts and Golden Tee.
4	I heart Gin Mill.It is an unassuming we're not serving you food lets play darts kind of place.  They have a big screen for watching games and a pretty decent DJ on the weekends.  Drinks aren't too expensive and everyone there seems pretty friendly.  After a few too many drinks one night I realized they have a popcorn machine with free popcorn.  I may or may not have had multiple bowls and began randomly sharing with strangers.  There's good specials and an abundance of bar games (the only sports I excel at) including 3 dart boards, shuffleboard, some arcade games, and cornhole on the roof.  Check it out if you're in the South End!
4	GREAT ROOFTOP DECK AREA.... sorry for the all caps, but the weather this weekend was perfect for enjoying the outdoors.  We ventured into Gin Mill for a couple of drinks and for darts, shuffleboard, and the possibility of a live band/gig.I've been here plenty of times to enjoy myself at the bar, putting holes in the wall (with darts), or just chilling out and watching sports on the tvs and projectors around the place.Really surpised at the deck.  There is a a partial bar up there with limited options but you can always go downstairs and bring back you drink.  Cornhole!  Kinda fun, but kinda scary.... depending on what side you stood on,  you could potentially hurl the bag off the roof and hurt an innocent car/bystander on the street.  The other direction caused people at the bar to get hit (if you didn't have good aim).  They didn't seem to mind too much once they got the courage juices in them.Overall a great vibe... don't have to dress up too much and they play some pretty decent music.One semi-bad point was the amount of smoking on the rooftop, but I guess that's the last place for people to go smoke since all the public indoor space has been "pacified" a while back.
4	Echoing Becky's experience, I too have found myself sharing popcorn with total strangers after having a few adult beverages, but c'est la vie - it's all good! The Gin Mill is a fun bar with lots of friendly staff.  I've seen some pretty good local musicians play here and definitely have played my share of shuffleboard and foosball.   They used to do trivia here during the week - can't remember which night though. The cool little deck gets really crowded on game-days and sometimes on weekends as well. It can be tough to get a drink up there, but no matter, just grab one from the friendly bartenders downstairs before you head up.  If you are looking for a cool little unpretentious watering-hole, you should give it a try.
3	Dart boards, shuffleboard table, and a Foosball table line the back of the place. A slew of video game machines to keep you mildly entertained for a good half hour. The dance area is elevated a foot from the main floor and the bar is behind it. Your standard selection of liquor and beers and decent daily specials. This place is so-so in my books of bars. Very casual and during the summertime you can come here and head up to the roof and just relax. And that's what the place is. A relaxer. Seems more like boozed up coffee joint to me. The bartenders are helpful and the bouncers know when to kick "that" person out. If you want a relaxing night out and not get dressed up for anywhere else, then come on over to the Gin Mill. Otherwise, you have plenty of other selection in Charlotte.
5	Love this place!
3	One of the stops on the Light Rail Bar Crawl, I felt that the Gin Mill was the most "dive-y" with a lot of dented chrome and scarred wood a bathroom that needed a flamethrower and some seriously loud music. I sat at the bar with my beer and watched the young-uns dancing to the DJ's tunes on the "stage". This vantage point gave me a great opportunity to see the bartenders in operation. Fast, efficient and friendly. Picking up abandoned empties and serving out drinks quickly. Impressive.Bouncer at the door checking ID's. Taxi stand outside ready to take the wobbly folks home, but I was good. It's a very short walk to the Light Rail station that gave me time to sober up (I only had four drinks over five hours) while riding back to my parked car.
4	Great dive bar!  Great when they have live music.
4	I don't understand why Gin Mill gets a bad rap because honestly it's a great little dive. Small, friendly, and fun. I especially like it when they have some live music and they always have some tasty specials (they do some unique cider drinks in the fall). They have a few dart boards in the back providing some additional fun. I never understood why people do not utilize their rooftop bar, which is great in the summer.
3	I will have to be honest; this place would easily be a 2-star establishment if it wasn't for their awesome rooftop terrace! The rooftop allowed for a fun experience, and includes cornhole. The downstairs has a shuffleboard and darts, which also added to the night.Gin Mill, I want to like you. However, I've had your local brews on two separate occasions, and on both occasions the beers tasted bitter and stale. I suppose the 'run of the [gin] mill' crowd doesn't dig local draughts, but that doesn't excuse you from checking on the kegs every once in a while! All in all, 3 Stars.
3	Quite a pleasant surprise to the other bars in the surrounding area! In the summer check out the rooftop patio that includes an amazing view of the city during late night hours. When we initially went here we figured it would be a hole in the wall with decent prices. Fortunately after a few drinks at the apartment and venturing uptown to a couple of bars it was refreshing to hang out in such a quaint spot. The bartenders were both interested, friendly and helpful AND serve up some fantastic beverages. The late night Saturday DJ is a local, but really brings the best beats.To reiterate I recommend coming to this bar on a weekend night to chill out and have a pleasant time.
3	Definitely not what I was expecting for a first visit, but its definitely a decent South End bar.  Plenty to do, plenty of places to chill, and TONS of booze/beer behind the bar. I really dig the giant tables with old church pews near where they put the bands. Really dig that they have darts and some other video games, too. The only part that freaks me out, like many other spots in town, is the parking situation. Just a little scary and not sure "where" to leave the car. Ya know?It's a great spot and the beer is cold. I'll definitely come back.
4	Just wanted to do an update on my previous review.  Unfortunately the rooftop bar has been closed so it isn't as convenient to go up there... It requires lots of trips up and down, but it's still rather chill to be up there.  Corn hole, tables and chairs and a nice view still make it a nice hang out spot.Good thing the downstairs has not changed much.  Plenty to do with darts, foosbal table, bar, complementary popcorn!, shuffle board table (actually one that works!).  There was a live band playing that Saturday night and they really rocked it.Since I am getting older, I do appreciate less bar craziness and different types of entertainment (other than getting ridiculously drunk).  I guess i spent my 20somethings doing the majority of that and my liver always reminds me that i cannot do that anymore.  The Gin Mill offers a place with more substance and quality crowd (even tho we are older! There's totally nothing wrong with that).
5	When I was first introduced to The Gin Mill, it was over a year ago.  I had gotten the hype from a boy I had just started seeing and he was all like "The Gin Mill is the best bar in the South End! There's never a cover, they always have a miller lite for $3, and the live music is always kick ass!"  Well, he was right on...... While it conjures up verbal images of a bar bordering on "dive bar" standards, it has become one of my old favorites.  Comfortable, laid back, great rooftop patio, awesome drink specials, incredible bands every weekend, and a place where you can play darts, shuffleboard, corn hole, and bring your own dice! I am a convert and The Gin Mill is one of the places I introduce new folks to Charlotte to as "one of the best bars in the South End!"
3	Looking for a no prejudices bar where you can come as you are? Then the Gin Mill will be your happy place! I wouldn't go as far as calling it a dive bar, but if you're looking for frills and whistles, you may be disappointed. Cheap beer, fun bar games, and a beautiful rooftop terrace overlooking Southend. You won't find food here but there is free popcorn at your disposal. For most, I wouldn't call the Gin Mill a destination bar; more-so a great meeting point for you and your buddies, a place to pre-game before a concert or event, or place to stop by and have a few beers along your journey. One thing to be very mindful of is parking... It's almost non-existent. If there is a concert at Amos' or a big event at the neighboring Tavern on the Tracks, famous for housing Buffalo fans of all sports, you'll struggle to find parking. Don't just pull in anywhere that you can; towing for neighboring has been prevalent.
5	my home away from home for 5 years.  Fun place with real people.
5	One of my all-time favorite bars in CLT. The place always has energy flowing through it even on a weeknight. A nice beer selection on tap including Angry Orchard, Purple Haze and Greenman. It's good to see a small local joint that mixes up their taps and doesn't just have the standard Bud and Miller on draught. Good number of bottles as well so easy to find a favorite. The place is a very laid back feel and the doorman who checks IDs (never a cover charge) has always been incredibly nice. Steven is usually behind the bar slinging drinks which is a very good thing. I've become a regular here and he's great at taking care of our group. The rooftop is great to grab some air and is typically less crowded than the downstairs on Fridays and Saturdays. They have a rooftop bar but sometimes it's open and sometimes it's not. Cornhole on the roof and darts, foosball and shuffleboard downstairs for your entertainment. Seems they always have live tunes on Saturdays and occasionally on Fridays as well - never heard a bad band here and best part is the band is obviously loud but it doesn't overtake the entire bar - I can stand over by foosball and here what the person next to me is saying - feel like that's a rariety for a lot of bars!Warning though the bar gets beyond packed after 11 or midnight on the weekends - can make it hard to get another drink or your tab at that point so you may wanna double fist and pay as you go. And if that's not your scene, just duck out early. Parking can sometimes be a pain and you'll drive around for 10 minutes looking for a space but just know that the Gin Mill is definitely worth the effort.
2	Went in there with my girl before a concert at Amos' last weekend. Two vodka cranberry (wells) and two Washington Apple shots (well liquor again)...$27. Are you f'n kidding me?!?! $7 a shot a $6.50 a drink is really steep, especially for such a chill place like this. Never again.
4	I have been to the Gin Mill South End a couple of times over the years and always had a decent time.  To me the place feels like a great local dive bar, which I like.  There are dart machines, Golden Tee, and even karaoke.  Based on my visits, there always seems to be a good vibe and the people I interact with are always friendly.  Parking can be a pain, but worrying about being underdressed is not.  There is no need to put on airs.Atmosphere - Casual neighborhood bar, a dive bar without as much disrepair as the name would normally imply, the college crowd and older folk hangout in harmony     Service - Friendly and promptOverall - The Gin Mill South End is a great place to meet up with your friends to start off your night or in my case a great place to end the night before heading home.
3	Good place to hang out with friends!
3	I can't really say I loved it but I certainly felt like it would be a great place for a lay-low kind of place to maybe watch a band (as I was there for) or catching a game.The place is nice and wide open and also has a nice rooftop situation that was refreshing as a break from the dark dungeon style space below.  Dart boards and a spot for bands is basically what you'll notice most.  The bar is pretty large and the bar tenders seemed to handle demand decently.  I'd come back but honestly it's not on the top 5 places for me to hang out at.
5	THE best Royal Flush in Charlotte: Steve Domenech makes them!AWESOME "just make up some kinda shooter for us Panther fans...after a loss": Holly or Chris!  This is a traditional, and very comfortable, neighborhood bar with great bartenders, darts, shuffleboard, table soccer, video golf, and free popcorn!   In warmer months, the rooftop bar is packed and rocking. Band schedules change by the week, but the live music on weekends is always good.
