4	yes, carmines is sort of back. food and pizza still the best in henderson. gone is the shrimp on a stone and the bar and the restuarant. just a 6 table bistro now. nicely done but i miss instant replay and 24 hr availibility. thats why i marked it down a star.BTW they also now have different sizes of pie not just the individual.
5	I was sad to see all of the Carmine's closing up around here but this small pizza restaurant/bistro is better than the old locations! The decor - photos of Coney Island, old New York, etc. - reminds me of my stomping grounds. The pizza is amazing. Any self respecting New Yorker who knows a good slice will NOT be disappointed. Slices are only a buck at lunchtime (maximum 2 per person) every day (not just weekdays). The garlic knots are delicious. Can't wait to try the zeppoles! We had very good service. Will be back often.
3	Brand new pizza place opened by one of the founders of Villa Pizza.  You can get pizza by the slice, personal pizzas, larger pizzas and many other items and apps.  The toasted Ravioli was excellent, large fluffy, lightly breaded ravioli filled with Ricotta cheese and with an excellent dipping marinara.  The pizza was New York style with a thin crust, crisp at the edges and bendy at the tip.I was a little disappointed in the lack of flavor to the meatballs and sauce on the pizza.  The meatballs were cut very thin, almost too thin and had nothing to make them stand alone.The shop has a decent amount of seating and two televisions for gametime viewing.Still it is a welcome addition to Henderson and there are many other toppings to try.  Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Stopped in at Carmines for dinner with my wife.  The decor of the restaurant is nice and clean. We ordered the Carmines special and a Cesar salad. Im no pizza aficionado but this pizza was as good as any I've had, the crust was great and so were the toppings. The Cesar salad was good as well. The owner of the restaurant was warm, kind and welcoming making conversation with the customers as they finished there meals. I will definitely come back.
5	Love the fact that they have $1 a slice pizza. It was SO good and I'm glad to know that I can get my pizza fix without having to buy a whole pizza. I got cheese w/olives and onions and it was great, good sauce. Can't put my finger on what made the sauce so good but it was a tad sweet. I will definitely be back.
