5	I have been receiving eyelash service from Eyelash Power for 5 years, each and every service outstanding.  My lashes are natural, the color I like, and to my exact specifications.  I receive instruction on how to take care of my lashes between appointments, and my lashes do not fall out.  The service is relaxing,  the atmosphere quiet and professional.  I always receive the appointment I ask for and the price is more than fair. I also receive little gifts!   I recommended this company without question, and intend on maintaining my lashes indefinitely.  Thank you, Eyelash Power.
5	What a great experience! I have used groupons before and had some negative experiences but coming to Eyelash Power was nothing like that. Megan was really sweet and answered all my questions. I love my new lashes and am happy to say that even with my allergy sensitive eyes that the experience was comfortable and free of discomfort. I can't wait to go back.
4	Four stars is my top rating most times on Yelp because I think near-perfection is a requirement for 5-stars (think Ritz-Carlton Laguna Beach), so let me say that the star count doesn't say it all. Angela has a truly responsive and retention-oriented business model going with service and product knowledge that beats her competition to the floor. I've just entered this market for the second time, and unlike my first venture, due to these women's skill, access ability, and direction, I'm now hooked. No more mascara? Easy care, very little hassle, and immediate and lasting results that people notice make this the best personal care investment I've ever made. And it is an investment, as you are paying for skilled labor, so be advised that it will be a bit more costly that a tube of good mascara. This is not a high-end spa environment, just so you know. I only wish they're were fewer people who know about them because my schedule is so fluid I can't book far enough in advance! Their perfectionism is their competitive advantage.
5	I've been coming here for several months, amazing, clean place, professional staff and relaxing atmosphere. Angela and Megan are the best lash specialists you'll find in AZ. I've been to several places in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale area and I've never had such natural, soft lash extensions, they also last longer than other extensions (about a month for me) and don't irritate your eyes.
1	This could possibly be one of the worst experiences I have EVER had.  First, I buy a groupon that clearly states that I can  have an apprx 2 hr appt with any length of lash that I desire.  Sounds great! I call to make my appt and ask a few questions about the service.. No one answers ... EVER... Just a crappy voicemail telling me to book online.  The online site would not let me book my appointment so again I try calling... Still no one answers.  So I decide to email to book my appt.  I get a response telling me she is out for the week and she can't help me.  I'm so frustrated at this point but since I've already purchased the groupon I decide to wait a week and try calling again... This time someone answers... I asked about having a more dramatic look- that's what I like.  She told me no that I would have to pay more and that the groupon would only get me an hour.  She was rude and did not care what I desired...I decided since I had been through so much crap already I would just book the appt anyway. So my appt  was at 10 am. I called about 15 mins prior from my husbands phone ( my phone was being fixed) bc the address on the site is incorrect and I was having a hard time finding the place... No answer... I ended up finding it on my own and I walk in to 3 women sitting around, no one greeted me.  I see one woman walk to the back so I ask the other girl if there's someone that does eyelashes... Turns out it was the girl that just walked away.  I walk to the back to tell her who I am and when I do she says " oh well I see you were calling me from two different numbers, that's annoying".  First of all, it doesn't matter what number I call from... I can call from a frikn pay phone if I feel like it! Maybe you should answer your phone!  Ok anyways, then I go to pull up my groupon.. It wasn't there.  I still have no idea why, the money was taken from my account already.  I try to explain to her what was going on.  She says " well I'm not starting anything without that groupon."  My husband at this time was at home on the other line with groupon trying to figure it out.  So we are awkwardly standing there and she is extremely unwelcoming... I was not going to pay $200 more to get a "natural look" when that's not what I wanted... I don't know how this girl has any business at all, she is extremely rude, unprofessional, overpriced and her work is not that good... Find somewhere else ladies unless you are ready for a headache.
5	Eyelash Power is the most AMAZING place to get your lashes done gals!  For starters, the salon is immaculate; which is very important to me.  I had a HORRIBLE experience @ Bella Skin Care (who also advertises on Groupon btw...; so stay away from there!)  Don't EVER go there, please!  I ended up in the ER with a severe eye infection.  Eyelash Power on the other hand (located inside Spatini in beautiful Scottsdale, Az.) is EXCEPTIONALLY clean & sanitary!  I've had both Angela & Megan do my lashes & when I say they rock; they ROCK!!!  Simply GORGEOUS work; never rushed...; (just please be on time;)  And, if you're going for a certain "look", just tell them!  I've had the simple "elegant" look, the "glam" look & the "cat eye" look.  All of which met ABOVE & BEYOND my expectations!!!  Now, re:  price...  Can you find somewhere cheaper?  I'm sure you can; either on Groupon or Craigslist.  But I can tell you from experience, you DEFINITELY get what you pay for!  Both, @ the crappy places & the PROFESSIONAL BEAUTIFUL look you get from Eyelash Power -Gina F. Phx., Az. Age 46
