5	Just off of Rue Prince-Arthur, a bustling pedestrians-only street that is always full of life, is Le Gite. A delightful bed and breakfast in one of the most fabulous areas of Montreal, Le Gite is a perfect home away from home; particularly, I found it a great spot for the solo traveler who is looking for something nice that isn't outrageously expensive. My room at Le Gite--Orange--was rather tiny (it fit a full-sized bed, and little else), but absolutely lovely. The room, like the rest of the bed and breakfast, is full of fantastic art, done by  Frederic, who is one of the owners. At $72 (no breakfast) a night, the price was a tad high, but a) I went during tourist season b) they have free wireless in every room c) there's a lovely terrace out back, which I greatly enjoyed and d) c'est la vie. Worth it.Diane, the owner, is an incredibly warm, accommodating woman. She really makes you feel right at home, engaging in conversation about art, city living, your pathetic attempt at speaking French, and so on. Simply put: she rules hardcore. And so does Le Gite, which is in a perfect location--it's a very artsy area near loads of awesome music venues, radical bookstores, great shopping, quaint markets, and delightful restaurants.My only complaints are that the parking sucks, like in any city, so prepare to drive around hunting for a spot; and the fact that there was no lock on the door to the Orange room. I initially felt a little uncomfortable about this, as, naturally, I was hesitant to leave my stuff in an unlocked room, but everything was fine. It wouldn't stop me, at all, from returning, but I thought I'd mention it in case that would be the deal breaker for others. There are plenty of other rooms available, besides.Le Gite is a wonderful place in a great area, run by awesome people. I was lucky enough to stumble upon at the last minute. Highly recommended!
4	My girlfriend and I liked this place...  Very clean, run by nice people, and good value for the city.  The location was great -- around the corner from a hopping pedestrian-only scene with restaurants, bars, and also clubs nearby.  The breakfast was good, and the terrace out back is very nice -- on the third floor amidst the quiet middle of the block with other small gardened residential patios nearby, and wireless access outside to boot.  The rooms were fairly spartan but comfortable, with somewhat anguished original works hanging on the walls.  Only real complaint was that some noisy guests arrived late 2am-ish, and the doors are not thick to insulate against your own B&B neighbors in the hallway.  All in all though we would happily drop in there again.
5	I stayed here for 4 nights in June 2011.  Wonderful place.  Rooms and bathrooms are very clean, comfortable, and well-decorated.  The owner is very helpful and friendly.  The location is ideal.  It is just off a busy pedestrian way full of restaurants and cafes.  It's also close to the main thoroughfares of St. Denis and St. Laurent.  It's close to the subway system.  Also close to 3 parks. Rates are very reasonable.  Free WiFi.  Breakfast is yummy.  I highly recommend this spot and would love to come back on a future trip!
