4	Pretty much like every other well run Taco Bell I have gone to. If you like one, you will likely this one. All your familiar favorites with pretty good service.
3	Stopped here because I finally had to try the Doritos Locos Tacos.  It's been hyped up for so long I just haven't got around to trying it, and today was the day.  I ordered two regular, the guy at the drive through was super nice, seemed like the manager or something, dress shirt and tie and all.  I wasn't expecting restaurant quality food, knowing it is a fast food chain, but the Doritos Locos Tacos weren't that good.  I don't know if the shells were stale, but the Doritos flavor just wasn't there.  I guess I expected them to be exactly like Doritos but they're not.  Not as cheesy and they're thinner.  Maybe it was just stale taco shells, but I'll probably give them another try, maybe at a different location.  Or maybe just make a taco salad of my own with Doritos. YUM!
2	Let me now tell you the story of Taco Bell on Noblestown Road, kids.First off, it's Taco Bell, so it can't get anything higher than three stars if we're being honest. The last time Taco Bell wowed me was probably before there was a Taco Bell in most every town. When I was a kid and we went to visit my grandparents in Florida, they had one down there and it was a real treat to go. This was back in the '70s, mind you.So that being said, I miss classic menu items like the Bell Beefer, the Taco Light, and the CInnamon Crispas. Taco Bell, don't you know you have plenty of middle-aged fans out here who would gladly plunk down petty cash just to have these retro delights once again? Isn't nostalgia all the rage these days? For every breakfast waffle and quesarito you guys have spent months on in test kitchens, you could easily just bring back some old faves.But I digress. This particular Taco Bell is so hit and miss on service it would be laughable were it not so sad. The last couple of times I went through the drive-thru there, it literally took the car in front of my 15 minutes each time to get its order and drive away. Who knows why it happened the first time. The second time, however, it all came down to a bunch of goofballs working the kitchen,You see, I had ordered the new quesarito Big Box as well as another combo meal on the menu and a couple apple empanadas. I noticed that before the guy at the window gave me my food, he double, nay, triple checked the order before handing it to me. So He hands me my bag o' food and I head out only to discover that - surprise -  the main component of the quesarito big box was missing.I shook my fist and cursed the night air as I turned around and headed back. I went inside with my receipt. A guy who wasn't cooking and wasn't working the window came up and I told him what my problem was. He apologized and told the cooks that he needed a beef quesarito (man I'm already sick of typing that word). A little time passes, and then the cooks both ask what kind of quesarito to make...and then they do it again about ten seconds after that.In the meantime, the drive-through guy is checking other orders. He finds something wrong with one of them and tells the cooks. They bicker with him and insist they got the order right. Some more bickering ensues and the cooks then agree that the order was wrong. Some more time passes.They get that order done and then ask once again what kind of quesarito I wanted.Beef. Always beef. It hasn't changed since you asked twice five minutes ago. Guh.So I finally get the quesarito and head home. I have no idea what's going on there with that particular crew, but suffice it to say that more training couldn't hurt. There's definitely a communication breakdown (it's always the same) going on there. May I never type "quesarito" again.
5	Good food and people
1	Just had a Chk Chalupa Sup: Had to write a review.This was probably the worst CCSupreme i ever had at a TacoBell.CCS is my fav item and i know how a good one tastes.The one i had here was disgusting looking , Very salty , very oily and least amount of stuffing you will ever see.Will give it another shot (benefit of doubt on the employee who made my chalupa) and if it turns out to be same , thats it.Never will step foot inside this TB again.
