5	I've had pizza from Say Cheese! quite a few times and was always floored by how tasty it was.  Believe me, I've had a fairly extensive sampling of different pizzas from all over Pittsburgh as a college student at CMU, and Say Cheese! was hands down the best pizza I had in my four years there, if not in my whole life (but then again I've never had pizza in NYC or Chicago, so... EXCUSE MOI if you happen to be a pizza snob).   Every part of their pizzas taste fresh and delicious, and I especially love the crust of their traditional pizzas -- thick and doughy.  They have pan and Sicilian pizzas, calzones, and lots of other offerings on their menu, too.  Their prices are also very budget friendly, and they have free delivery!And I just looked at their website and it looks like they now accept PlaidCash (CMU dining bucks).  WHAT.  I wish I were back in college.Okay, not really.  But I'd definitely stop by Say Cheese! if I'm ever in da Burgh again.  Nom nom.
4	I finally tried their food and it was a good thing to do. Descent pizza and good selection of dessert!
2	Had high hopes but found pizza boring and plain.  Not enough sauce and way too much cheese.  Menu states thin crust but it was more like a medium  thickness.  Now that said, for the price, fine, but you get what you pay for right?  Case in point with Say Cheese's pizza.
5	While living in Pittsburgh for a year, I would order from Say Cheese Pizza about twice a month, and frequent it often when I am back in town.  I still havent tried the Pizza, but I would recommend the Calzone as it is one of the best I have ever had.  I get it with Sausage, Pepperoni, Pineapple, and Ham.  Every time they laugh, but every time it has come out tasting great.  I order these often, and have to say out of all cities I have been to, they have had the best one.  If your looking to try a new pizza place, you have to give these guys a try.
4	ordered food, was quoted 40 min and it came in about 35-40 min. fries were good and cheese sauce was pretty tasty, i ordered that and a hoagie. both were really delicious, i dont have anything negative to say about this place,if i wanted to be picky id say the 40 min delivery based off of the fact i live less then a mile away is sorta questionable, but regardless i was happy and enjoyed my food. id def go there for a late night bite
5	Excellent, very good and well prepared, delivery time good or ready for pick up when promised.
3	Decent pizza. Wings were a little dry, but I'll chalk it up to a bad batch. Sauce was good. still looking for a slice of NY in the 'Burgh though.
4	Ordered from Say Cheese for the first time this past weekend. We got two salads (the Mandarin and the Steak) and some cheese sticks. The cheese sticks tasted like the frozen variety so not horrible, but it was sort of like, "Really?" My boyfriend didn't like the chicken in his Mandarin salad, said he would've preferred it grilled, but he liked the dressing and the rest of the toppings. My steak salad was fab. I'd get it again.I think the food is mediocre to good, but what gets them 4 stars is the service. We got our food delivered and it was there in a totally reasonable time. You know how with delivery guys/gals it seems to either be stoner college kids or some rude asshat? Total opposite with Say Cheese. The delivery guy was very nice, polite, and friendly. I mean, really - this shouldn't even be a thing I complain about, but I've had so many bad experiences with delivery people that I dread going to the door to meet them. So props to you Say Cheese.
5	I use to live in Pittsburgh PA.  Hands down their pan pizza is prob the best pan pizza I have ever had.  I miss this place.  I am glad they are still kick'n it in my old hood.  I have turned so many people on to this place.  They also have yummy salads.
1	I just had the worst pizza I've ever tasted from this place.  Many other reviewers seem to concentrate on how good the service is.  The service is good, they delivered my pizza within 25 minutes, but I can't imagine how they could have done a worse job making it.  The chicken tasted like it was irresponsibly old.  I'm glad other people thought it was good but I will not be going back.  Me and a roommate got a pizza planning to split it.  We got about 1/3 of the way through, couldn't finish, and now he is laying on the couch with a sick stomach and I am dissatisfied enough to write my first review of any business.  My other roommate asked me to throw the remaining 2/3 of the pizza in the outside trashcan because it smelled so horrible. I would've given it zero stars if that was possible.
2	I ordered a chicken salad from this place last night and it was below average. The chicken was warm, but definitely not hot. And the french fries on the salad were cold. While the portion size was quite large, it was     a very poor product. The only reason I ordered from this place is because it is pretty cheap (even cheaper with a coupon code on Grubhub), but it definitely wasn't worth the $7 I paid.
4	Wonderful! I ordered a rather expensive pizza, french fries pizza. It was tasty. I had been having pizza hut, dominos and papa john's pizza and seriously they have so much soda/sodium that I would feel nauseous right away, I didn't even like the smell of their breads, chicken and cheese. I thought my pizza loving days were over and I could only enjoy very cheesy pizza as in Lucci's on Murray Avenue. Also I didn't like the much-hyped Ephesus Pizza, they don't know how to make pizza, period. After months of deliberation, I ordered pizza from Say Cheese!Pizza Co and I was wonderfully surprised! Since I am a pierogi pizza fan, so I thought of ordering french fries pizza. Although, the quantity of french fried over the pizza wasn't generous as they have mentioned on menu, but it was delicious nevertheless! I ordered large pizza for $16, had 4 awesome meals out of those! Their service is great!
5	I've spent the past year trying a new pizza place once a week or so...I've arrived at Say Cheese as the best pizza in Oakland...not greasy, fast delivery, good customer service, not much more you can ask for.
