5	This place looks like a dump from the outside, but don't let that fool you. I've heard several people refer to it as "the best Mexican food in Madison." I have yet to eat anything there that wasn't excellent; but the tacos and the carnitas are my favorites, along with the homemade horchata. (Mmm... just writing about the food makes me want to drop everything and go there for lunch!) The atmosphere is very casual, the service friendly, the prices reasonable. One of those hole-in-the-wall joints that more people should know about.
3	Blue collar Mexican in kind of a dumpy place.  Food is authentic and good, but not great.  Price is right.  Outdoor seating right on Cottage Grove with plastic chairs and a tarp for an awning.
4	I'm not totally comfortable eating in because of the TV and the spare atmosphere, but when I get take-out tacos and bring it to the lounge at work, and open the styrofoam containter, the entire room fills with the most aromatic, fragrant corn tortilla bliss that ever was produced.    There is something about their corn shells (I asked, and they are made in Chicago - - maybe Milagro?) that is gently soft and almost falling apart, but immediately wafts you to Virgin of Guadalupe heaven, and everyone in the room is swept along.   I always get the lengua, but you can't go wrong with any of the tacos - - get all the extras, and take some salsa too.
4	This is my favorite taco joint in Madison. Authentic campechos tacos are terrific and cheap. A solid lunch will run about $7 here.I happened by on a day when the special was a mole chicken that was out of this world. I wound up eating way to much of it because I frankly wanted to drink a glass of the sauce. I have never eaten at the restaurant itself so I cannot speak to the atmosphere or the noise level, but this is among my favorite carry-out spots in town.
3	I sat outside on a lovely summer day with the breeze blowing and a can of Tecate.  The jukebox was a little loud and the view of the industrial building across the street could have been better, but it was very nice anyway.The salsa was great.  I ordered the potato flauta, but was brought pork.  I ate it anyway and it was very good.  I will definitely go back for the potato at some point.
3	Not bad, other yelpers were right, they have some good corn tacos. I had a chroizo sope that was nice too. I'd pass on the rice next time but the beans were good.
2	Working-class Mexican food with an atmosphere to match.  Their building and it's environs are unkempt and shabby, the meat is often dry and overcooked.  Nevertheless, I continue to go there occasionally for lunch simply because I live very very close.  I don't believe there is really anything here that is noteworthy.
1	Worst mexican in madison so far. I went there with six friends, all getting different items. The enchiladas verdes were light on filling, sauce and cold. Covered in queso fresco and another cheese sauce. One friend had a veggie burrito, which lacked any more vegatables than rice and beans. another frined had the tacos, both steak and chicken were dry and lacked any flavor. a few people had the horchata and as one of my friends said: "from a box and not even a good box". All in all, one of the worst meals i have had in madison. I will not be returning, and neither will my friends.
3	I like the food (almost always get the veggie options) but could do without the bodacious ta-ta television that is often on. If we eat there with kids, we eat outside. I mean, I get the novella stuff but I'd rather have something else on. Or nothing at all. Music is good. Pong, anyone?Very nice owners and staff. Again, I loves the veggie options. The potato taco might end my life a tad early but what a way to go!
2	The food here is decent, if somewhat simple.  Their dishes have a homemade taste to them, but are not overly flavorful. Contrary to what a previous reviewer stated, they do feature both blended and on the rocks margaritas. Their margaritas are relatively potent, but smallish for the price.Follow-Up: I wound up getting sick after eating here, lowering rating from 3 to 2 stars because of this.
5	This place is a classic dive, with great REAL homemade Mexican food. The tacos,tostadas,tortas,tamales,pozole,enchiladas,Mexican Coca Cola, and beers are all great. I love this place. 3 tacos compenchano with cilantro, onion, and fresh lime, with a Mexican glass bottle coke. This will run you $ 10.00 bucks with an almost $2.00 tip if you eat there. Take it to go,save the tip. This is my fav meal from there, and you will not be hungry after, because the tacos are big. Im a big dude, and most normal eaters can easily get away with just 2 tacos.
5	SO GOOD! Authentic, definitely. And everyone I've met who works there is really nice. I've been there probably about 10 times over the years and have never been disappointed.
5	Great authentic Mexican!
1	Terrible.  Don't waste your money or time here.
