4	A small cart offering artisan Popsicles in front of the taxi pick up point at the Premium Outlets North. The weather is still fluctuating, wandering the outdoor mall with frozen treat in hand tends to be one of those simple joys in life. What is so special about these icy desserts? They are made with all natural and simple ingredients. When looking over the flavors, most pops listed five or six ingredients. The flavors on hand were Strawberries and Cream, Calamansi, Mango, Passion Fruit, Pink Guava, Raspberry, and Pina Colada. On the official website, there are more options, so a rotation must be implemented. A week of 50's-70's has made 85 degrees feel unbearable warm. Luckily, we entered through this area and spotted Sasapops. I got a Calamansi because it was one of my favorite flavor enhancers. A few trips to the Philippines taught me that you can squirt this tiny lime like fruit on almost anything and it was bound to be good. It had a concentrated punch to it. Just like having a glass of the juice in frozen form. For $4 a piece, they are pricey, but they are not puny either.
4	Thanks to David S.'s review and recent mention on talk threads about foods on a stick, I visited the web site and noted Whole Foods locations are selling these treats.  I went to the WF District location and found them in the frozen section near the ice cream on the left side at the front side of the aisle nearest the express check outs.I could have grabbed em all, but I stuck with the dessert ones (I did not see the famed coconut one so that will be a hopeful future pick!)  I purchased pumpkin pie, blueberry cheesecake, apple pie a la mode, and carrot cake.  So far I sampled the pumpkin pie and it sure was divine!  Nice to taste that flavor in March!  The other flavors are all Eric R. faves so I hope to share carrot cake and apple with him :)  I look forward to trying more and the fruit flavors, and trying not to spend too much on these tasty treats...they are $3.49 each, yowza!
4	What is Sasapops?  It is a local brand gourmet frozen dessert bar :)  They claim that there's no artificial flavors on their products and they use only natural ingredients like organic sugar, all different kind of real fruits & water.  After talking with Lisa R. (she was the one who recommended this product), I really wanted to check it out.  One day, I was at the local Whole Foods Market & carefully looked through the frozen food section... It wasn't hard to find at all.  I grabbed four different ice cream bars (passion fruit, pumpkin pie, apple pie & carrot cake).I noticed on the back of the ice cream package that they contained more than 250 calories per bar.  They all looked so delicious, but I decided to not eat them until the next day since it was already 9:30pm. I didn't want to ruin my diet :-(After trying out the four different flavored Sasapops, the winner goes to the "Passion Fruit" and "Apple Pie". The other 2 bars were too rich in flavor for my liking.*Passion Fruit: tasted a real fruit.                            You might like it if you love any fruit in general.                            Sweet & Sour(exotic taste).*All the Pie Flavored Sasapops: tasted just like a real pie!!                                                          Enjoyed the real pie crust chunks!                                                          Watch out for the high calories.  As I mentioned                                                            earlier, it can be more than 250 in calories... OuchIn this month, there is an event called, "Yelp Presents Love Local Nevada" on every Wednesday from 4pm to 6pm at the local Whole Foods Market.  I'm pretty sure that  you can try out some of the Sasapops at the event :P  Because of my work schedule, I can't attend :-(.  Last week, I spoke with Paolo D. and he said he tasted a "minipops" at the first event. I guess it is a new product(much smaller in size & low in calories) and definitely I'll try them out.In conclusion, I would recommend to try this gourmet dessert bar at least once. They are very rich in flavor and worth to try. The price was about $3.49 per bar at Whole Foods. It seems a bit pricey.
5	Outstanding!  I had a watermelon popsicle on a day when it was over 110 degrees and it was so very refreshing and thirst quenching. I cannot wait to try another flavor next time.
3	Great flavors, but not complex enough for the price
4	I really just stumbled upon this place while shopping at the outlets and I'm so glad I did. It had to have been 105+ degrees and I was in need of something cold and refreshing. Sasapops was it! They make gourmet popsicles with fresh and natural ingredients. I had gotten the blackberry lemonade and my bf had the pineapple. Both were incredibly flavorful and tasted like the actual fruit juices, not from concentrate. My lemonade one also had real bits of blackberry it it. They also had some more unique flavors, I think one was some kind of Mexican fruit? I can't wait to try other flavors.Only downside is that it's around 4 bucks a pop. A bit pricey, but I think you really get what you pay for. So tasty
5	At first I thought, 4 dollars a Popsicle, how good can they be? I decided to cough up the money and try one out and ice cream has never been the same. The ingredients contained in the product is all natural and tastes delicious! Although they do melt a little fast the $4 dollars was worth it.
5	Craving one of their pops now! Tried the coconut, guava, and calamansi flavors. Soooo gooood! Brings back memories of eating fresh fruit paletas in the Mission of SF that no longer exist.  Do u guys ship?Really! I'd order some right now! or can you do a special deal for me and ship some so I don't have to go to fly out to LV to go to LV outlets or LV whole foods to buy some
5	Situated at the entrance of the Premium Outlets/North, across from the Taxi line, and the Welcome Center. Small Kiosk, Pinoy owners. Only available during the warmer months. Not there during Winter. (Also available at Whole Foods stores' freezer section, in limited flavors. If you really want it during the winer months.)All natural!!! (No added flavors, colors, gums, or stabilizers.) The Coconut one is perfect!!! Cold, refreshing, a yummy treat to enjoy in the hot Vegas heat. The guy also recommended Calamansi, which I might try one of these days, maybe soon.
3	$4 for one sasapop? I'm hard pressed to see how this can be justified. I get that's it's all natural ingredients, but seriously, that's a bit overpriced. They are good, but again. Too much.
5	Just over a year ago, I came across a sample table at Whole Foods at Town Square LV giving away these cute little popsicles called Sasapops.  I didn't think anything of it until I bit into the most amazing frozen blueberry pie on stick!  Holy moly! I went back for seconds and tried mango and once again fell in love!  I came back to LV in April this year and at the Premium Outlets, right at one of the entrances, they had a stand selling them!  I was ecstatic!  My parents got the coconut and I got the mango.  We were all in heaven.  Yes, $4 is a hefty price to pay, but when it's all natural and you can taste the actual fruit, it's SO worth it (especially on a hot day)!  I had hoped that they would be selling them across the nation, but unfortunately you can only find them in Vegas.  Will be back again soon to have more!! :)
5	It was a typical day hot summer day, when I found the little Sasapops stand at the entrance of the Las Vegas outlet mall. How can you say no to a refreshing popsicle? Like really? Well you can't. Give them 4 bucks and they'll hand you a refreshing treat to help you cool off. Sure, $4 is kind of pricey for just a regular fruit popsicle, but hey its called supply and demand. I get that and I don't blame them for it. When I was there they had at least eight flavors-- strawberry, mango, pineapple, coconut, chocolate, watermelon, etc. I opted for a mango and my friend had the watermelon. Both flavors were delicious and were so cold they didn't melt right away. Oh, and they are organic, natural, preservative free, yadda yadda. That's always a plus, right? But when its well over a hundred degrees, who really cares what's in it as long as its ice cold.
