3	I am a magic fan, and have seen several of the shows around town. I scored a few free tickets and decided to give Dirk a shot.Dirk Arthur's Wild Magic is your typical magic show, however what sets it apart are the animals. He has a few tigers, a cougar, several doves, a chicken, and a duck. The theater is a very small intimate venue, and you are mere feet from 400lb cats.The tricks range from hokey to pretty kick ass and Dirk's patter can be a little odd, but the show was pretty solid. This is a great show for kids 10 and up according to the tickets, however, bringing your kids to oshea's to see it may be a bit of a stretch.I hope this show lasts longer than the last one there, if you're looking for a good magic show on the strip it's not a bad option, the show clocks in at one hour on the dot.
3	I went to see this show tonight.  It is a small venue which is both good and bad.  It's good because you're mere feet away from the tigers used in some of the illusions.  It's bad because you can see some of the movement of the table as one of his helpers "reappears" in a box which had been pushed through with swords.  Also, Arthur's grand entrance loses some of its luster because it was obviously built for a larger venue.  When he steps out of the glass pyramid, he is so high up, you can't see the top half of his head because he's above the stage top.  It's not until he jumps down to the stage that you see the complete magician.As the previous reviewer said, some of the act is hokey.  He does the standard metamorphosis in different ways, and he has a straight jacket, locked box escape.This is a show that's good for kids.  It's just under and hour and it keeps you entertained throughout.
4	I saw this show and thought it was good.... the tigers were cool and the tricks were nice..... I like the trick with the hankercheif that danced around
3	The Dirk Arthur magic show gave you a gist of what to expect within the first twenty seconds. The show opens up with two girls dressed in tiger print clothing dancing ridiculously. And if one word could describe the entire show, I think it would be my favorite and most used word in the English language... Ridiculous! That's exactly why there's a certain charm to the whole thing. There's something left to be desired of Dirk's showmanship and choreography but the man is out there trying, so props to him. Some of the tricks actually did impress and amaze. The others fell kinda flat. There were 3 or 4 truly great tricks. This show would probably benefit from a larger venue. The props often took up most of the stage space, which can make you lose focus on the whole trick. The tigers were awesome. I mean they are tigers, their sole job and purpose is to sit there and be awesome. Oddly enough, the show also includes ducks, pigeons or doves, a canary and a chicken.The entire show was unintentionally funny. At least to about 4 of us in the audience. (I apologize if my ludicrous laugh annoyed those around me!) That fact alone may be worth the price of admission. Assuming tickets are $10-$20 and you really have nothing better to do. Before the good tricks started I wanted a refund, and my tickets were free! After the slow start; the show picks up a little momentum, and it gets much better. The show would be fantastic to bring your children along; they'd absolutely love it! My gut instinct says that if you have a lil money to spend, you can probably find better comedy magic shows on the strip. They may not be as family friendly though. As for the unintentionally funny parts, there are people who laugh at the corny (I'm trying to be funny) jokes that occur often in Dirk's act. The parts I found hilarious however, were when he would do pretty much nothing and then do the typical magician "Tada!!" gesture pausing for applause.You're kinda left there wondering.. "Is this guy serious?"On a side note I was completely sober during the show. With this being at O'Shea's, I'm willing to bet I would have thought this was the most amazing magic show ever if I was blitzed.There was a meet and greet after the show, and I believe Dirk is a really great guy. His passion for his tigers really shows. He is likable and I almost feel bad for not giving the show a better rating.
4	Aww, how can you not like a magic show with cats and corny jokes!  I got to see Dirk's show last night with my fellow Yelpers and this time brought my teen daughter.  Let me first start that we got lost looking for this place- being that even though I live in Vegas, I hardly get down to the strip so I didn't even know where O'Sheas was!  We parked at Harrah's since they were part of Harrah's group (?) but turns out we could've parked at Imperial Palace and walked there too as it was slightly closer.So, to start off, our tickets were free but for $29.95 PP for general admission, I would've gladly paid that for my kid and parents to see the show.  My 13yr old thought it was "pretty cool", she really got into the tricks and seeing the LARGE cats so up close was quite the experience.  I was even really getting into the magic tricks, cause I kept turning to my daughter to ask "how'd he DO that??"!  There was an older Asian couple in front of us ( reminded me of mom and pop's) that really clapped vigorously at each trick and when they saw the cats and the other birds, they were oohing and ahhing the entire time!  I don't think they understood English cause they weren't laughing at any of Dirk's corny jokes, but I sure was!! LOLThe theater itself was a little small but that only made it better cause it was like having an intimate magic show with big cats in your own living room!  Dirk gets the audience involved with some of his tricks so for kids, they would thoroughly enjoy it!I'll have to agree with Mario S's review, that the show, albeit  kinda cheesy, was hilariously ridiculous!  I was laughing so hard each time Dirk did the TADA move and I had to look around to see if we were supposed to clap or not!!!  Dirk takes great pride in his cats and it really shows, I'm really glad he is also really into making sure that some of the cats don't end up on the extinction list as he is part of a team to breed some of the more endangered species.So, come out support Dirk and his cause and bring the kiddies cause they will have a GREAT time!
3	There's lions, and tigers, and... Ok, no bears, but there are birds and whatnot too. And given the smallness of the theater, you can get very close to these animals. But other than that, it's a mixed bag.There are some good jokes and some really bad jokes. The "assistants" are just really bad. And the music can get too loud (trying to create a false climatic experience). But some of the magic stuff is really great.Overall, a decent show, and if you are hankering for some tigers and magic, this should satisfy you. While it is not a great show by any means, I did enjoy myself.
4	I liked the small theatre and thought the show was pretty good, for price. Dirk was a little odd, maybe it was just the bad chemistry with his ladies...
4	What originally attracted me to this show was the big cats. I love cats of all sizes.. especially the big wild ones. And to see a magic show that combines magic with wild cats... well I just couldn't miss this. We probably could have scored free tickets as my wife found the act advertised in one of those Vegas tourist mags. However we opted for the VIP tickets at right around $60. That put us in front row but like I say, even if you are in the back row, I think that's only 6 or so away from stage (very small venue).The magic was decent - typical of magic shows. What sets this show apart from other magic acts is the cats. We were literally 20 -40 feet away from the at any given time. No need to worry though as they are all chained and/or in cages so there really is no chance that they be able to lunge out at the audience, even if someone looked like a tasty meal for these massive carnivores.I gave show 4 stars not necessarily for the quality but rather the big cats and Dirk's conservation work with them.
4	As a group ranging from age 13-70 I can say without exception we had a great time.  Most reviews mention the cats and they are definitely a highlight, I would recommend the VIP seats and the front row for a great view of them.  But I also genuinely enjoyed the magic as well.The production value isn't outstanding and the theatre leaves a lot to be desired.  I saw Criss Angel just a couple nights later and the 2 can't be compared.  To me it was like seeing a play vs Phantom of the Opera.  With a play, the acting matters, with Phantom, the actors are just another  part of the production and completely interchangeable.If you enjoy magic and big cats, this is a fun show, if you want to be wowed by a production, see something like Criss.  What I'd really recommend is to do like I did and just see both.  If you are there with family, take them all from 4-94.  Then get the kids a sitter and go see a big show.
3	Mostly family friendly. Tricks were OK compared to some of the others. He is a bit of a  ham.
5	It was a small intimate theater so you are right in the action. This show was way better than Criss Angel which was predictable and disappointing. Dirk was funny genuine and gave one heck of a show. I will definitely be taking my parents when they come to town. Great show!
5	much better than what I expected.  Now the only big cat magic show in vegas, and they utilize the cats for most of the magic tricks which are quite impressive.  Highly recommended.  I just wish Dirk could get a bigger theater at a nicer casino!
