4	Addictive bean dip and irresistible salsa--and that's just the free appetizer as you explore the menu. The special quesadilla with chicken is a decent portion with marinated chicken, Mexican seasoning, and sides of guac and sour cream. I also recommend the hard shell tacos and oh-so-honey-sweet fried iced cream. Great value (can easily keep it under $15, even $10 per person), consistent quality and authentic goodness.
4	My husband and I have been visiting this location for years.  The Wait Staff is always a joy to talk to and we really like the service we receive.  Serrano's has a temporary menu that is full of yummy goodness.  Any good business knows you need to change things up a bit to keep things interesting and I always find something new to try on the menu.  If you are looking for a fun time and some addictive chips and salsa this is the place to try.
4	i don't have to mention how good the chips, salsa and bean dip are here but i do have to tell you the flour tortillas are to die for!   i am seriously thinking about just ordering a stack of those next time!  The beef machacha is much better then the chicken, the pollo ranchero is def a favorite,  and my boyfriend says the chile relleno is delicious.  Service is awesome and the margs are strong!  check this place out :)
4	Serrano's is one of those Mexican chains that just does it right. While it is slightly dirty and the staff can sometimes be lacking, their food more than makes up for it. It tends to be slightly on the spicy side so make sure you are prepared for that before ordering. I personally like this location over some of the others in the area too because they are more consistent with their food. I sincerely miss being in AZ because of Serrano's!
2	not impressed. food was lacking (cheese enchilada tasted like rubber and beans were over cooked) and service was mildly attentive. with so many great mexican food places here in arizona, i am glad that i dont have to be stuck with Serrano's.
1	been to serranos before the quality of their food is gone way down. their chips and bean and salsa dip still is the same thankfully. i got a green chile burro only ate half the meat looked under cooked to me and looked like a supermarket tortilla which tasted a couple days old. the beans are good but the rice is bland to me, i wouldnt call it spanish rice. my wife got a flauta but it was a taquito which was dried out and shriveled. I had better frozen taquitos seriously. we arent going back
3	Tonight was my first time eating at this location of Serrano's, even though I have been to another location once. This place is pretty average mexican food, nothing mind blowing. What I like about it is that they give you free bean dip and they use fairly high quality ingredients. I got a shredded chicken burrito fundido.... now, usually shredded chicken is not too good at these kinds of place, but this one was very good. They seasoned it and everything... not just bland shredded chicken. So that was pleasant. The BF and I also shared a very good margarita cupcake :-) My only complaint is that this place is a little expensive for what you get. So I would come back when I'm in the mood for solid mexican food.
4	I've being going to Serrano's for years and I've never had a problem with their food. They serve all of the traditional Mexican dishes that you would find at any Mexican restaurant. I've tried a lot of their menu items but I'd have to say my favorite go to plate is the shredded beef or "machaca" chimichanga. It is especially good when you get it enchilada style which is smothered in red sauce. It comes with a helpful serving of rice and beans too. What I really like about Serrano's is that they are one of the few Mexican restaurants in the valley that still serves free chips with not only salsa but bean dip as well.
5	this was one of the first place me and wife went to when we moved to phoenix from chicago. it has great food,great decor, staff is so helpful, and nice, and great at their jobs, we have been there about 4-5 times since we moved in july and just took my sister and her family this week when they came to visit, and they loved it. i suggest anyone who like good mexican food and a nice night out . you should go here.
4	Great service, good food and felt great after! I really enjoyed my dinner her. The food wasn't too spicy and the margarita was really good! We even had the man with the guitar sing to us and he was awesome! I will definitely go back! Best part of our meal was that I felt great after. The last time I had Mexican food that I didn't make I felt horrible the entire night. The quality of the kitchen and the ingredients must have been very high!
3	2.5 stars rounded up to 3.  Average food, average prices, average service.  Nothing I've tried has been outstanding, nor has anything been disappointing.  Convenient for lunch so we come semi-regularly.  You can do better, and you can do a helluva lot worse when going out for Mexican food.
4	I'm willing to bet that this place was a shining gem in its heyday.  Several days have passed since that day...leaving the same gem, minus a lot of the luster.The restaurant itself is quite spacious. It has a full bar to the left, a large recessed dining area in the middle (geared more towards groups), and a more secluded are to the right for smaller groups and/or couples. All three sections are quite spacious. We happened to sit off to the right. We had a party of four and half (one three-year-old). The tables in this section were for a maximum of four people, and our daughter is FAR to tall for a high chair. Thankfully for us, where there are some bay windows facing out of the restaurant, there is a nice little padded booth created there, which turned out to be the PERFECT place for our daughter!The menu for Serrano's is typical, but it's pretty limited. They offer the usual Mexican fare, usually in both chicken and beef (and ONE that offered shrimp). Both the quality and quantity of each dish we ordered was substantial. Suffice it to say that each member of our party left the restaurant with a take-home box.Our server was stellar. The restaurant wasn't very crowded, so if he HAD been lacking, it would have made things very awkward. But, as it happened, Christian was phenomenal! He was patient with us while we waited for the final member of our party to arrive. He was very diligent with keeping our drinks full and our table cleared.But, the coolest thing Christian did for us was regarding dessert. You see, it was my wife's birthday, and her parents wanted to go to this restaurant for a celebratory dinner. My wife was deathly afraid that the restaurant employees were going to make her wear a sombrero and sing a song to her...and Christian almost made that happen. However, when he could see the sheer terror behind my wife's eyes at the prospect of public humiliation, he took the clue, and offered to comp her dessert. This shopping center that houses this restaurant is practically empty. There are "For Lease" signs in several of the windows. I can see why this place has stood the test of time...though, I feel that their menu could use a little updating, which is the only reason I opted for four stars instead of five for this cozy little relic.
5	I love this place! The restaurant looks super clean, the decoration is lovely, the people is super friendly, the chips, salsa & beans are great, and the quality of their food is so good! Can wait to go back!
2	This Serrano's locale  just didn't make the cut for me . . . PROS: the chips, salsa and bean dip, of course!  Service was friendly, and the staff appear busy and focused, which I like.CONS: the margaritas are, in a word, lame.  Whoever mixes up the marg machine to accommodate the house margarita (vice the specialty margs) needs to add some tequila to the mixture WITHOUT the use of an eye dropper.  Seriously, I hate being charged for an alcoholic beverage when I can detect no alcohol in my drink. For all I know, I was having a lime slushy . . . we came to a 50% full restaurant on a Friday at 7:00 p.m., and after we ordered, our meal took a full 25 minutes to get to our table.  Everyone else seemed to wait a maximum of 10 minutes.  No explanation from our friendly waitress . . . I got the ground beef chimmy, and the meat just didn't have that much flavor, and the tortilla lacked crispness for a meal that was supposed to be friedNot much more to say . . . Cheers!RS
2	Chips, bean dip, and salsa was ok. Green burrito, rice and beans were below average. There was no green chili flavor at all - basically it was a brownish, dull flavor. The meat chunks were tough and not fit to eat. The rice and beans tasted a few days old. Margarita was ok, not much alcohol though. I usually go to Rositas which is right across the street - their green burrito (try it smothered in green sauce and cheese) is 100 x's better than Serranos - in fact every thing is better at Rositas. I will head over to the chandler Serranos and try that next time - hopefully they don't bring their food in from the same place as this one.  Honestly I can't believe this place is still in business. Try Rositas instead for some excellent mexican food.
4	Chips, salsa and bean dip here are to die for. The food at Serrano's has always been amazing at all locations. The staff is always friendly. The burritos are delicious and fairly priced. Make sure to get them enchilada style.
5	Came here for lunch with my mom. The service was outstanding and the lunch was great. The phrase of the day is a nice bit of fun as well. Definitely will be back!
4	I have been going to serrano's now since 94.  How can you not love their chips, salsa and bean dip!  It's always fresh and delicious!  Make sure to order a hard shell taco with beef with your meal, you won't be disappointed.  Their cheese enchiladas, tamales and chimichangas are all great choices.They have daily specials and they get you in and out the door quickly.BONUS: They sell fresh homemade tortillas there.  You can stop and pick some up to go and they are absolutely delicious!
5	I could eat just their chips and salsa and bean dip for an entire meal. In fact I have on several occasions. It's the best salsa and bean dip north of mexico. Eat it. Drink it. Order some other food and tip your waitstaff.
2	My wife and I have been to a couple of Serrano's in the area and our favorite is in Queens Creek. The Mesa is like a whole different restaurant. It was not busy when we entered today at 3:38 pm. The hostess acted like we were ghosts waited for a bit and eventually asked if we wanted a table, we decided on the bar area and seated ourselves. We waited 7 to 10 minutes for a bartender to finally get back to the bar area, no wonder no one was there in the bar. Had one diluted down margarita each and left. Won't be back to this one at all. It's amazing what good help can do for the sucess or failure of a business.
2	Had an amazingly delicious chimi plate and excellent service but, I won't be going back until they take down their 'no guns' sign. Took 3 stars off for that.
2	We decided to give it another try after going to the one on rural and Guadalupe a few years back. That was a horrible experience.  This time we went to Dobson and Guadalupe service was great food had really good flavor.  The following week I called in a to go order of the exact same thing we had ordered the last time. I was told they didn't give chips, salsa or bean dip with to go orders. She said she would have to charge me $3 each.  I was not happy with that considering its complimentary when you dine in. The person knew I was not happy. When I went to pick up my order I was presently surprised there were chips, beans and salsa in my bag. Unfortunately I was disappointed when I got home and one of the orders was a burrito and it was cold on the inside. I had ordered the tortilla soup and the Pillow Ranchers. The soup was delicious with large chunks of white meat chicken and tasted wonderful. I opened up the pollo ranchero and there was 5 small pieces of chicken with some sauce over it. I had more chicken in my soup than in my meal. I called to complain and asked for the manager. April the manager go on the phone with a little bit of an attitude. I proceeded to tell her my name (Toni) to tell her about my positive encounter with having chips and salsa in my order without charging me. She immediately said "who gave you that without charging you?" I continued to tell her what was wrong with my order and was not happy. She looked up my order which was under a different name. She asked again who gave me the chips I told her the young ladies name. April then said "Danielle what do you want me to do for you? I told her my name was not Danielle it was Toni. She was rude and acted as if I was wrong for complaining. Forward to this past Friday night. We had a friend over who wanted to order to go. I was hesitant but went ahead and ordered. This time I paid the crazy amount for the "complimentary" chips, salsa and beans $9. ? Ordered the soup that was so good the last two times this time it was bland hardly any chicken and mostly broth.  The inconsistency of this place is ridiculous and will be sure to let everyone know.
4	Sadly, this 20-year neighborhood favorite has closed.  The family decided to not renew their lease AT THIS LOCATION.  The remaining six East Valley locations remain open.
