3	I haven't been to this place in a while-- I was contracting at Intel and this was a nice spot to hit for lunch, so I went several times over the course of 3 months, and from a convenience standpoint it certainly had a great taste-to-distance ratio.There were basically two minuses that subtracted from my experience there.First, maybe because they are catering to a business lunch crowd that isn't familiar with more authentic Thai seasonings or-- well, I don't really know-- their food tended to be overly sweet.  The pad thai was very sweet, such that someone I brought there for lunch was almost unable to finish it.  The yellow curry (one of my favorites) was also cooked such that the curry itself was discolored, with brown flecks-- I was told by another Thai cook that this is from over-cooking some part of the mix, but I'm afraid I can't help past there (though it did not taste burned and it didn't actually taste bad, it just tasted "off").Second, this is the second location as far as I know and it definitely lacked some atmosphere.  It felt more like a generic restaurant with some Thai decor thrown in for good measure.  The first location is a little bit more quaint, and the people working there seemed slightly more relaxed-- since that first location is not in the same sort of business-centric area, it's entirely possible that the faster pace of this second location is just part of doing business.Anyway, for a quick Thai lunch in the Chandler area it's not a bad choice at all.  I just think if you're looking for a serious Thai meal, that this one strays a tad too much from authenticity.
4	I really like Swaddee. As you may have noticed from my pics, I am not Thai. I probably don't know diddly about what "authentic" Thai food should taste like. But what I DO know is Swaddee makes great curry. Very addicting, with the perfect balance of hot and sweet. Their lunch Special is very good and resonaly priced, too. choose one main dish out of more than a dozen choices with your choice of beef, chicken, pork, or tofu, plus salad, egg roll, steamed rice.
5	Simply the best Thai food I've had anywhere, and I'm quite the culinary Asiaphile... I've been all over California, tried a lot of Thai dishes, and simply haven't found it's equal. The pla rhad prik (catfish in red curry) is probably the best thing I've eaten, ever. 'Nuff said.
5	Love this place. Its the best i've found in the Phoenix area (although I actually just ordered Yupha's so we will see). The chicken pad see ew (spelling?) was amazing, and they provided a large portion. Very fast (10-15 minute wait) pickup if you are ordering to go. My friend and I, felt that the 5/5 level of spicy was the way to go, and it was waay too intense. Every bite was painfully delicious, and honestly quite frustrating. I was sweating and kinda felt like I had just taken a bongload (of bammer). I had to shower my body after that meal, but overall it was delightful. I would just recommend sticking w/ a low level of spice, and I love me some spice.
5	I've eaten a lot of Asian food in my time, having traveled abroad extensively and having lived in California, but I don't think I have come across better Thai food. The green and red curries are delectable and can be made as mild or as spicy as your palate (and non-asbestos coated tongue) can handle. 1 is mild, 2 is considered medium, and 5 is Three-Mile Island hot (don't do this if you truly like yourself or even just marginally like yourself). If you do decide to go, the evenings are not quite as busy as lunchtime. If you choose to try Swaddee during your lunch hour, then I highly suggest that you get there as soon as it opens for lunch, because Intel is right next door and many employees opt to eat at Swaddee. Also, if you plan on bringing kids with you to the restaurant, then be careful which tables you sit at because some have piccies of scantily-clad (some nekked) ladies. I was forced to strategically place some condiments over one of the said scantily-clad ladies in a bit of a hurry just  recently.
3	Pierre, with comments like that i have no choice LOL Swaddee is OK. See, there i did not say it sux or not worth it. You happy now? LOL ;)Yeah, its alright. Been there bunch of times for lunch from work and once for dinner. Dinner was better. Lunch is fine. Do not believe their star rating, 5 will NOT burn your eyes out. Now, is it best Thai ever? Noup, it aint. Is it best in the neighborhood? MAYBE! However is you are willing to go a few miles West into Foothills you will find Thai Basil which i think quite a bit better. Now, there we have it. Efff me and my effing opinions :)"Its awight"Eugene
2	Now I haven't had much experience with Thai Food, other than several random Pad Thai dishes at several random places (which through this place I found aren't even close to being authentic, lol). Anywho, I've been here twice and both times had the Satay appetizer, Tom Kom (?) soup, red curry bowl and the Coconut Princess dish. Holy moses, is the soup delish. I crave it on a regular basis. They have this unique spice "meter" which ranges from 1-5 and the soup on a 2 is fantastic. Not too spicy, not too mild.The Satay is great. I would recommend it to people who aren't too familiar with Thai food and want to start out easy. The red curry with beef is fantastic and the Coconut Princess...ooooh, the Coconut Princess. The Princess is like an extended version of the soup except you get lots of veggies, some meat, and rice. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Maybe I'll drag the boy and venture the nearly 30 miles this evening...****UPDATE: So rather than venturing for dinner last night, my cousin and I did the lunch bit this afternoon. I was extremely excited about it and couldn't wait to get my hands on some soup and that red curry. So the two of us are seated, we order our food, enjoy our soup, and receive our entrees. This is where it begins.My cousin ordered the garlic tofu. Having much experience with Thai food, she could instantly tell the tofu was completely over cooked. No biggie, we thought, just explain you didn't like it and would like something else instead. So we catch one of the bussers and ask if we may have something else. She takes the dish and is gone for a couple minutes. Our server then brings the dish back, drops it on the table, and demands to know why she didn't like it. She explains the tofu is overdone and she would just like to try something else. The server stands there saying nothing, she looks at her for some kind of explanation. Not knowing what to say (we've never had this happen before), I speak up and say, "She would like something else, can you please just exchange it?". The server rolls her eyes, picks up the dish and walks to the back to ask "the owner" if that will be okay. Meanwhile, my cousin and I sit there, completely shocked by her reaction. So after a few minutes the server comes back, sets the plate of cold tofu down once AGAIN in front of her, shoves a menu in her hands and says, "What do you want now?". Feeling accosted and uncomfortable, she flips through the menu with the server standing over her. She says she would not like anything else and asks that she send it back and just take it off of our bill. I swear to god at this point I thought the servers eyes were going to melt our faces off, she was so livid. She rolls her eyes, throws her hand onto her hip and goes off on some tangent about how Thai food "is different than other food" and is "more expensive", and that they don't take items off the bill no matter what the complaint. Unfortunately, at this point she was causing such a scene that our neighboring tables were turning their heads and staring. I looked at her and said, "we have never had this problem in any restaurant before, we are not eating this and we are not paying for it". She replies with, "Oh, so you return food all the time at restaurants then??" and laughs. She walks away, comes back almost immediately with our check, opens it, throws it down on the table (literally, she threw it) and says "HERE! We took the dish off!". She turns around and starts talking shit about us five feet away with another server. At this point we were completely livid and feeling rather harassed, so we left a $20 (no tip, I might add) and our food, got up and left. The whole experience mad me so sad, I was really looking forward to it and loved their food. Sadly, I will never eat here again.
3	Swaddee's is....all right. As I was answering a question in one of the talk threads, I realized, though, that it's spicy-meter is a bit inconsistent. I've had times when the pad Thai, at a 3, is more than I can handle. At other times, I've ordered a curry at "medium" only to find out it's not spicy in the least...Basically, I think this place is a solid choice for Thai, but it's by no means earth-shattering or anything like that. I actually like the lunch options better than dinner here. The first few times I've eaten at Swaddee's have  all been at lunch, and I've been impressed. But then I ordered the Panang curry to-go, for dinner. I asked for it with tofu, and I got a curry with tofu and onions. That's it. No veggies, nothing. That's really odd for a Thai restaurant. It wasn't flavorful, either. Then I went here last week for dinner, and ordered pad Thai. The noodles were a bit dry and hard, although I have to say, the service was great.All in all, I think I'll continue to come here for lunch, but when it comes to dinner, I'll probably try to seek out some new Thai restaurants.
4	I think there are only two things I know--Thai and Vietnamese. In my opinion, I think Swadee was good, but a bit overpriced for what I ordered.I got the red curry beef, and red curry is the first dish I try to order at Thai places to test their tastiness. I order it 10 stars, or double Thai hot. Yeah, I'm weird, I know. It was very good, but at $10.95, it looked more like the portion I see for lunch everywhere else.Boyfriend got the beef chow mein, which was a bigger portion and was pretty good. Nothing to yelp about, but he liked it. The pad thai was a bit too sweet for my liking and a bit mushy. The plate was huge, and so I figured they made up for my dish with my friend's. I didn't need to eat that much, anyway.Others got the spicy basil, which got mixed reviews, the panang curry and the spicy basil with eggplant. The latter was really good from the bites I took, while I think the panang was good but not over the top. Another got the thai barbecued chicken, which must have been good because it was almost gone at the end of dinner. It's on fire when they bring it out, so that's fun. I wanted to rate Swaddee a 3.5, but service was great, so here's a 4. Malee's is still the best on my list, followed by Yupha's and then a tie between Lemongrass and Thai Basil.Props for being one of the few Thai places in Chandler. Since there are many in my area, I really enjoy living in Tempe. :)
3	Overall I enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere here, but they fell short of 4 stars for me.We were served in somewhat of a tag-team style, there were probably 3-4 different people waiting on us.  I thought that was a bit unusual.  The staff was friendly if a bit aloof.  We did have a spill at our table (yes it was me again, but no drinking was involved this time) which they could have handled better.We had Pad Thai and an appetizer sampler-I forget what that was called.  The Pad Thai was heavily flavored and the sauce was kind of heavy.  I prefer a lighter sauce for the Pad Thai-it should not be a heavy dish like Alfredo.  The apps were good, particularly the Satay.  The Spring Rolls were overly oily.I consider the prices here to be a bit high for Thai food as I've had so much great Thai food for very reasonable prices.  If I'm paying 12 bucks for a noodle dish it had better be excellent, not just good.
3	Overall I enjoyed my dinner here.  I was disapointed that they didn't have veggie spring rolls in rice paper that aren't deep fried.  I realize that it is more of a Vietnamese dish but most Thai places serve it... I will stick with the ones that do.
5	Not only the best Thai food anywhere, it's some of the best food you can get, anywhere, period.  The red curry with chicken is so good it should be illegal.
4	I've never actually eaten in the restaurant - Swaddee is one of those places I used to pick up and take home when I lived in Chandler. So, first their take-out process: they've never botched an order, food has been ready within the time frame given each and every time, and I'm almost always in and out in a flash. The food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they've all been equally delicious. Since I've never been inside for more than a few minutes, I can't really vouch for the atmosphere or the service, but I stand by the food. A little pricier, perhaps, than the Thai Basil down the street, but totally worth it.
5	Swaddee is Thai heaven. Period. Coming from the Bay Area, I have very high standards for Thai food. In the two months since moving here, I have found some places in the Phoenix area that offer good-quality and flavorful Thai food (Wild Thaiger in downtown, Benjarong in Mesa, Malee's in Desert Ridge and Scottsdale), but I have been waiting to find Thai mecca - a place with incredibly savory and well-balanced food that is served with an authentic level of spiciness. That place is Swaddee. In regards to the price, I am always willing to pay a few dollars more for food that is just that much better than its counterparts, and I would definitely pay more for Swaddee's cuisine than for that at Thai Basil down the road in Ahwatukee, which I found inauthentic and almost inedible. We started our meal with the papaya salad and tom yum soup. The papaya was crispy and just the right flavor (sweet but not overwhelming), and the dressing was tangy. We asked for it to be '3' level of spiciness (on a scale of '1' to '5') and found that it had a kick without being overwhelming. The soup was unbelievably flavorful with just the right balance between sweet (tamarind) and sour (lime and kaffir). The chicken pieces floating in the broth were really large and tender - no dark meat chunks in this soup!For our entrees, we had the Pad Thai and Roasted Duck Curry. Many places do their Pad Thai differently with the choice of preparation depending a lot on the region in Thailand that the owners hail from. This particular style of Pad Thai features a thicker sauce which is light on the peanut but heavy on the tamarind and lime flavors (a true "sweet and sour," if you will); it was delicious. We selected '4' as the level of spiciness and found this to add a real kick without obscuring the flavor. As if these first three dishes weren't good enough, the Roasted Duck Curry blew us out of the water. Again, the curry was a thicker consistency than it is at many other Thai places here in Phoenix - almost like a creamy soup. Instead of being that electric red color, it looked like cinnamon. It was absolutely phenomenal - it had a richness of flavor with hints of rarely used spices (like cumin) accented (but not overwhelmed) by the coconut milk. The duck itself was roasted and super-tender and the pineapple was fresh. All told, our two appetizers, two entrees, and two sodas came out to $45, probably about $15 more than we spent for the same quantity of food at Thai Elephant or Thai Basil, both places we aren't huge fans of, but it was so worth it. This is true Thai food - not watered down or tamed for the masses - that masters the difficult task of balancing sweet and sour, bold and mild. I will be back many, many times.
5	We were craving food from this place so badly the other night that I drove all the way from South Phoenix to Chandler to pick some up! The food was ready just a few minutes after I got there, and they must have packaged it *really* well (or made it super hot) because it was still hot when I got home 30 minutes later. We didn't try anything new (just the Pad Thai and duck curry, our favorites from last time), but it was just as delicious. The only change I made was ordering our curry "5" (on the 1 to 5 spiciness scale) - it was definitely hot but not as hot as we would get in the Bay Area when we asked for spicy. Can't wait to go back again!
1	Just got home from eating there...*****NEVER AGAIN!!*****Service: POORTook 20 minutes to get Vegetable Spring Rolls to the table, and 30 seconds later came my Pad Thai.  8 minutes after that, my wife's Vegetable Curry came.Food: POORPad Thai:  Average (at best) flavor.  The shrimp may not have been fresh because they were awfully "fishy".Vegetable Curry:  Flavorless (spice level 4 too!) They don't even have Thai cooks...they are Mexican!  I don't want Thai people cooking my Mexican food either!
3	The first time we went to Swaddee the food was great and not very spicy and i ordered a 3 out of 5 for spicy and 5 being the very hot. The second time we went with friends with us that did not like very spicy so we ordered 2's and 1's so we could all share but we got 5. I brought this up to the waiter but he did not seem to care very much.
1	For those of you who have given this restaurant a 5 star rating --- WHAT THE HECK WERE YOU THINKING!!!!! WERE YOU DRUNK?The food was eeewww...their restrooms were even more eeeewwwww. I saw cockroaches near their kitchen and in the restrooms. The tables were dirty. The carpet looked like it has been there for 20 years...cough, cough.... The service by wait staff was courteous but our food took forever to come out. Tom Yum Soup tasted only like Chicken Broth. The shrimp in it was so bland...eeewwww. The fried rice had some dried out spots making me wonder how long it had  been sitting outside. The prices are way too high for the level of food that was served and apart from that, if  I am going to shell out $50+ for a 2 person dinner than it is expected that the ambiance of the restaurant be at least at the level of PF Changs e.t.c... Really bad experience.
4	this place gets packed during lunch time  hours. the food is great and friendly customer service. I ordered a 3 and to me it seemed like it was a 4 or 5, it was hot but i love spicy food. the server had to keep bring me water to cool me down a notch, my forehead created a puddle on sweat on the floor it was that spicy but sooo good! you sure can find me back there again. they do have lunch specials so take advantage of it!!!
4	tI recently relocated to Phoenix from Silicon Valley, where there are fantastic Thai restaurants pretty much everywhere.  I decided to try Swaddee based on reviews here.  This is my opinion on what I tried:1. Tom Ka Gai Soup:  To be fair, I am comparing this dish to what is generally considered to be the BEST Tom Ka Gai in the SF Bay Area (Dusita Thai in Sunnyvale).  I'd give this dish a 4/5.  The flavor was spot on, but light on ingredients.  Also, they didn't use those little button mushrooms, and for the $ they are charging, I think it should have the correct mushrooms!2. Green Curry:  5/5.  Superb.  Fabulous.  They could add some eggplant though.3. Spicy Fried Rice:  4.5/5.  The flavor was good, it was cooked properly.  If they offered it with crab, it would be mind blowing.4. Green Papaya Salad:  3/5.  I was disappointed that the sauce wasn't quite right.  I don't know what makes the dressing so tangy, but they should use more of whatever that is!5. Spiciness:  I order my Thai food as 'Thai Spicy'.  Seriously, restaurants will question me repeatedly because they are afraid to serve it to me the way I like it.  I ordered everything except the Green Papaya Salad as a '5', which is supposed to be their Thai spicy.  Not so.  They would have had to double it to give me what I was expecting.  That said, it was quite good and I will return.  However, I'm going to try a few other places first...............
4	Great food and friendly service. Try the chicken or tofu soup with coconut milk. None of the items were greasy. They were well made and spicy. Worth going back.
2	I have been here for lunch several times.  Try to get in the door before 12; 11:30 if you can.  I find the service to be acceptable on most occasions, but that can slow down when the place starts packing up.  That goes the same with the food.  The food is good though.  I have tried the yellow curry and the pad thai.  Both were fresh and flavorful.  The yellow curry is one of the best I've had.  It is a good blend of spice and coconut milk.  The price is reasonable - $7 for salad, egg roll, curry and rice.  Not much to say about the decor.  The restaurant can use some sprucing up.  That doesn't bother me since I am just there for a good quick lunch.  I will definitely go back, though I am not sure if I'll put up with the wait.Update:  Wait is way too long.  Not worth it.
3	I love the coconut princess, red curry and pad thai. The prices are a little steep, and the tom yum gong was too sweet. (sorry if I misspelled the soup) Service is great and the ambiance is ok. I love thai food and would give this place a higher rating if the food was more flavorful for the price. There is no kids menu, so we ordered the $8 chicken satay for our four year old daughter. (arrg)  Still tasty - I will eat here again.
3	This was the first and only Thai place I've been to in AZ.  Overall, it is pretty good.  I think we will probably try a new place next time but if we can't find anything better, I think we won't have any problem going back to Swaddee.*Price = on the high-end *Pad Thai = pretty good volume*Green Curry = very good.*Garlic delight = The portion is way too small to charge $11
4	This place always completes my Thai craving.  I'm not a Thai expert & I'm not going to pretend to be... I can pronounce anything on their menu.  but I absolutely love Pad Thai.Swaddee Thai is a little pricey for me... yikes... (then again, I am a seriously broke college student & a barista so I'm sure if you're a normal professional human, you'll be just fine)... their lunch specials are awesome.Whenever I go, it is always empty!!!  Usually not a great sign... but I think I just get cravings at weird times.  HAH.  Always order a Thai Iced Tea... because it is some sort of sugar coma inducing tradition.  Delicious.But to the main reason I'm writing this review!!!  PAD THAI.  The shrimp are always plump... the noodles are always just right... the seasoning is exactly what I want and need out of my Pad Thai dish.  The bean sprouts are crunchy and wonderful.  I'm a wimp & I get zero to none spicy because I can't take it otherwise & it's usually still spicy?  I think they do that just to spite me.I've had their pineapple fried rice before which I would describe as... Meeeh.  Take it or leave it.  I think I found two and a half chunks of pineapple within the rice.They always treat you well here... keep your glasses full... I love it.
3	I agree with alot of reviewers that this place was "awight". I didn't bother looking at the reviews before I went-I was just following my aunt's suggestion so we made plans as a family (with my parents in town) to eat there. I looked at the menu and was 'thrilled' to find a vegetarian section, and the family didn't consciously find a restaurant that is vegetarian-friendly for me (talk about jewish guilt trip). So I went with much anticipation (a sad symptom of vegetarianism in a meat-eating world when you discover that a restaurant has a vegetarian dish and are quick to assume that the dish will be DELICIOUS. It sucks that you're not able to choose from a variety of selections, but Not ALL vegetarian dishes are delicious. I'm working on this. Smile). Well, the dishes didn't BLOW me away-it was  *half-smirk* eatable. I ordered a hot and sour soup with tofu (Tom Yum), which was good. Then I ate Tofu Coconut Princess with #2 spicy (they have a 5-rating spice scale), and it WAS not spicy at all (and my aunt warned that #2 is VERY spicy), and the tofu was overcooked. Lucikly, the coconut was able to compensate for that. I brought home the leftover for my boyfriend, and he has a very critical palate since he's a cook-he wasn't impressed with it. The dishes are OVER-PRICED for what they're worth if I had to pay (my dad had to foot the bill for a party of 6).I'm a bit surprised of the awards they've received-what was the criterion? Is a vegetarian on the committee of "Best of Phoenix"? That's what I would like to know.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who has high expectations of food.
5	This is a regular lunch spot for me and my co-workers.  If you go in at lunch time, you will see that it is a regular place for a lot of people.  It can get very busy, but the staff does a great job of providing top notch service even when packed.I am not an expert on Thai food, but I have not tried anything there that wasn't outstanding.  It is really hard to come up with a favorite, just try any of the lunch specials and you can't go wrong.One word of warning, they let you pick your level of spiciness, and I find that if you are sensitive to spicy food, you might want to be a bit conservative.
5	I was craving Thai like no other today (go figure) after passing Tipps 88 in Tempe while running errands. Seeing that it's closed on Sundays (thanks Gabi!) I convinced a friend (okay it didn't take any convincing at all) to head to Swaddee in our continuing search for best Thai food in Phoenix.Swaddee is hidden away in the corner of a plaza, but the inside decor does not disappoint. It's not too large and not too small. Rather, it's just the right size. The tables were simple. We had a one with a black cloth, an image centered in the middle, and a glass overlay but I was completely drawn to it. We started our meal with the small portion of Tom Ka with chicken and it was amazing. Some of the best I've had. It had the right amount of spices and flavor as well as the right amount of heat. My main course was the pineapple curry (medium), which was just as incredible. It was a little hotter than medium, which was perfect and full of flavor. The shrimp were huge and delicious and the pineapple was fresh. For dessert, my friend ordered the coconut ice cream and I ordered the golden banana (banana and coconut in a spring roll). We ended up each taking half the banana and opening it like a spring roll and putting ice cream on top. Hands down this is one of the best desserts I've ever had. Even if you dine alone at Swaddee, you *have* to order both. I'm not going to lie. I might come back here just for dessert. I'm glad to have finally found another Thai restaurant other than Malee's I can call home!
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere9 Value
5	Hands down best Pad Thai around.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 Service6 Atmosphere9 ValueSwaddees is penalized 1 star for adding a television.  why Why WHY are non-sports bars thinking it's a good idea to put in televisions?  I'm seeing this more and more.For now on, I decree that all "atmosphere" ratings will be judged as if there was no television, then 3 points will be deducted for said television, thus changing Swaddee's score to a 6.  Ridiculous.  But otherwise this place still rocks.
4	Nice neighborhood gem in an area filled with lame chains, closed store fronts and awful dive bar food. I've had better Thai, but this place's food is solid an actually makes you feel like you're in a real city for 45 minutes or so. Bookend the meal with a Tsing Tao and some coconut ice cream and you're all set.
4	I love spicy thai food and Swaddee certainly didnt let me down. I feel like this is a great hidden gem in Chandler, I would have never known it was there unless it had been pointed out to me. I have had a few favorites like green curry and pad thai here and they are all delicious.
5	I've been going to Swaddee since it opened and have never had a bad experience. The food is fresh, flavorful, and served in generous portions. The prices for lunch and dinner specials are reasonable (the only times I go, because I am still a broke college student). Lunch and dinner specials come with a spring roll and a salad, so it's a nice meal. Lunch and dinner special times can get a little crazy, often with lines going out the door, so I usually go after the peak rush times. This results in a quieter atmosphere and food delivered to the table within 10 minutes of ordering, if not quicker.The other dishes on the menu, while tasty, are a little on the expensive side for me ($10-$12) and not in portions large enough to justify spending that much. Other items on the menu such as coconut ice cream and Thai iced tea also do not disappoint. The appetizers are tasty and the soups pack quite a punch in terms of flavor. One thing I have noticed, though, is that the spiciness scale tends to be all over the place. One time's 4 is another visit's 2 is another visit's 5. So be warned!Basically, go there for a delicious, affordable meal at lunch or dinnertime, but try to beat the rush if you can.
4	This place was packed with corporate power lunch peeps! Right when we sat down, they brought us salad - I love instant munchables. We had the Tom Ka Gong (shrimp?) soup with a level four spiciness. Now, I have a really really high spice tolerance, and a level four knocked my socks off! I was weeping with hot chili joy (eek - bad description, but you get the point!). The soup had a small amount of coconut in it, but was not heavy and rich where you cannot eat anything else. I chose the red curry chicken from the lunch menu at a level 3 spiciness - that was a perfect amount of heat for me! Even though the place was packed, our food came quickly and was piping hot. Great experience! We will be back!
4	I definitely go here when I'm in the area... good flavors and quality food for a reasonable price.
3	Sure I like Thai do you like shirt? Swaddee Thai is another strong local Thai restaurant that could use slightly lower prices for lunch time. Every time I was in for a visit I had the red curry tofu, The sauce was rich and spicy as expected, the vegetables were a bit sparse compared to other Thai places and the tofu was not as firm as I would have liked. It came in smallish round bowl.I did appreciate the fact that they did make my meal quite spicy when I asked for it.This place is decent but there are better options in the neighborhood.
3	Note:  We ordered delivery, not dine in...The Pad Thai was good, not awesome, and just spicy enough (I asked for middle spice).  The Lard Na was sub par - the noodles came pasted together and had to be separated one by one.  There were eight small (quarter size) pieces of beef.  I asked for spicy, but had to add sriracha from home to get the plate spicy enough.  The food was good, but not $11/plate good.  They do, however, have free delivery!
4	Currently my fave Thai, and I regularly go to the one in Flagstaff after a day of snowboarding (ok that isn't sooo often).  At lunch I go for the pad thai w/ soft tofu, #2 spicy, egg ok.  My vegetarian pals love the joint as well.  BTW, if noodles sound a bit heavy today, the Mee krob appetizer is like the pad thai w/ the egg & shrimp but with the airy crispy white noodles w/ sweet sauce to hold it together.Dinner I go for the regular pad thai and the steamed fish.  The curries are tasty but small portions.
4	So we ordered again - take out, again, and we had the pad thai (with everything, and extra egg) and the snow peas and mushrooms. I asked for pad thai noodles with my snow peas  and mushrooms, but they would not stir fry them together - so they charged me for a side.  Aside from being a bit overpriced, the delivery was fine.  And really, really fast...order to delivered was 23 minutes!
3	After 2 years of listening to my bf tell me he was going to take me here I took matters into my own hands and figured out this is the place he was talking about. We came in around 2 and ordered my bfs favorite papaya salad, Tom Yum soup, sweet and sour fish and 2 Thai teas. Meh. It wasn't bad, but I've had better. Our bill was $40, a little pricey, especially since the first two were only appetizers.
4	I very much enjoy Swaddee and I can't believe that people are gicing this place 1 or 2 stars!!  We go frequently and have tried the following more than once:Pad See Iew, Pad Woon Sen (my favorite noodle dish), Coconut Princess, Thai Fried Rice (the best), Chicken Satay, and Tom Ka soup.All are delicious!!!  The dinner price is a little high, but I think you find that anywhere.  We've never had an issue with the servers being slow.  They do tag team and I don't think they speak a ton of excellent English, which is why they are pretty quiet.  I don't mind that, as you get to eat your food in peace!  Their food is pretty spicy, so I never go over a 2 star.  You'll clean out your sinuses at a 4 or 5 star!!  I really enjoy this place and think you ought to give it a try to decide for yourself!
4	This place is one of my of top Thai restaurant choices in the valley, specially the locations is the most convenient to me.  They have some of the best soups, my favorites are Tom Yum and Tom Ka; which I have found to be THE BEST cure for hangover; I promise; I wish they could make it spicier than 5; The yellow curry is my favorite dish, I do like to add 'deep fried' Tofu which makes it much better.  The Lard Na and the spicy noodles are very delicious. This place can get crowded during lunch time; Service has some room for improvement, overall they are very helpful food has been consistence.
4	My boyfriend has been talking about this place since I've known him and today when we were weeding in the yard something smelled like green curry (I know this sounds weird, but this is how my brain works, don't ask) and that was it, I had the bug, I needed Thai food. The lady who greeted us was very nice, and was the same person who served us and cashed us out for that matter. Decor was fairly standard for a Thai food place, including the compulsory fish tank right in the middle of the room. My boyfriend had his absolute favorite Pad See Ew. Which he enjoyed as always. I had the Green Curry with chicken. We both opted for the 1 star spiciness, I think the server laughed at that, but c'mon, I'm Finnish and French-Canadian here lady, my palate is not made for Thai spice! It was the perfect amount of spicy for me, and that good, creamy, warm green curry flavor. The vegetables were perfectly cooked so they still had that crunch. Maybe it was because I wasn't paying, or maybe it's because I've been desensitized by East Coast prices but I thought that $24+tip for the amount of food that we got was perfectly reasonable. I think it's a solid place. Sidenote: I see that most people have responded "No" for delivery, however on their website, for this location it says "Call and ask about free delivery" so I don't know if it's new, or just lesser known.
5	Try chicken noodles, its the bomb. They  have great lunch menu. Red curry, Yellow curry are great. Tom yum and Tom Ka are great . Make sure you pick 1-5 and stay within 3. its a bit packed during lunch, i wish they could turn around faster during lunch, oh well, its worth the wait. My asian colleagues who travel for short visits at least go here once and love it every time. need I say more, officially addicted to swadee!
2	When I think of Thai food, I think of Swadee. Swadee was sort of my introductory restaurant into the world of Thai food. I've gone with many friends and family her over the years and they all have been satisfied.So it pains me to write a bad review, but the last couple experiences I've had at Swadee have required me to bid Swadee adieu.The first bad experience I ordered the Larb Tofu. The dish was so salty I couldn't finish it. It literally tasted like the cap fell off the soy sauce bottle and they dumped  several cups of the stuff in the pan/wok. Even if they didn't, it was pretty much inedible. Inedible in the same way a salad swimming in vinaigrette is.The second occurred during a visit with my girlfriend. We are both vegetarians and took great care to make sure that the dishes we ordered were meat (and fish sauce, and chicken broth) free. Those ingredients can upset a vegetarian's stomach if it's been a while since they ate meat (or if they've never eaten it). Well, my girlfriend ordered the pad thai (carefully made veg) and she found a piece of chicken in her dish. To most this would not be a big deal, but to us chicken isn't considered food and it taints the food it was cooked with. As a result she lost her appetite and it made me feel uneasy about what might be in my own meal. Our lovely Valentine's Day dinner came to a screeching halt.And as a side note they have a dish with oyster sauce listed on their vegetarian menu. Since when is an oyster a vegetable? The only vegetarian oyster is an oyster mushroom!I understand that there is always a risk for cross contamination and I expect it when I dine out. But this occurance is far more than just cross contamination. I mean, this thing was a pretty decent sized chunk of bird. It makes me feel uneasy about the level of cross contamination that takes place in Swadee's kitchen. The staff was kind enough to comp the tainted Pad Thai (which accounts for the ** instead of *) but I don't believe you'll see me walking into Swadee any time in the foreseeable future.
5	Just went for the first time over the weekend and I can't wait to go back. A friend and I went and got the Pad Thai and the Spicy Thai Rice and both were amazing. The prices are great and the service is great also.
4	This is my favorite place to get thai and I have not found a place to rival it.Now it's not perfect.  I got on a regular basis (they know me when I walk in now... I go that much).  The service is either great or slow, and the heat ratings varies enough that you can be surprised.  The decor isn't fancy and it's hard to find from the street.Now that being said, the food is always great and across multiple dishes on the menu.  I'm always satisfied with my lunch.  It gets busy every week day during lunch because of the Intel crowd so show up before noon.  For dinner and the weekends, it's never that busy, so a great time to go if you have time.
3	This place is a hit or miss. Hence why I would rate it as average.  I've been here so many times for lunch because it's so close to work and because coworkers would suggest it.  I've had all the curries and every time the spiciness is different even though I ask for a 3.  Sometimes it's not spicy at all and sometimes it's so spicy that my mouth burns.  I've had the eggplant with chicken, but the chicken isn't as moist and tender as I hoped meat would taste like. They chopped up the chicken in very small pieces and seemed overcooked.  I would stick with the different types of curries (red, green, yellow) though.  It's safer.  The curry sauce would seep into the meat and make it more tender. The curries can also be different textures.  I've had it where it's thick and creamy (the way I like it) or more watered down.  The lunch portions are pretty small, but I guess it's enough for a lunch meal.  Beware Swaddee's if you're not too comfortable with spicy.  Just order a lower number and you can add more chili if it's not spicy enough for you.  I still would recommend this place and try your luck with the food here.  You may get lucky and have a great meal.
4	This place is in the same complex as my nail salon but I have not stopped in to this location. I have been to their Scottsdale location and love it!This location does not disappoint. Service is quick and while they prefer cash, the ATM is on site and they offer a discount if you pay cash so no problem. I had the Nam Sod and ordered it Thai hot and yes it was! I hate when I order "Thai hot" and it comes out just a little fiery. Make me sweat, people! The texture was lovely, it wasn't dry and the serving was huge! I easily could have shared it and ended up with two meals out of it. I will definitely make this a post-nail appointment dining spot from now on.
3	I arrived at lunch time it was really busy... I stood there to be seated for while and I finally ask someone what they wanted me to do seat myself or did they seat me. The staff was really friendly but really slow took forever. I ordered Spicy Noodles spice level 4 it was pretty hot good flavor it came with a spring roll really good but the salad it came with was just ok. I will give this place another try really good lunch prices.
1	The food is good and I have always loved going here for lunch or dinner...until the roaches crawling on the walls, the tables - EEEWW!  Click on the date for any "complain inspection" and you will see they find roaches here - continually!  http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=129281&business=SWADDEE%20THAI%20CUISINE&address=5055%20%20%20W%20%20RAY%20RD&permitid=SG48994  I have stopped going here and, instead, go to Yupha's Thai which is better food and, no roaches.  Note that the Via Linda location does not have any problems and, in fact gets awarded Silver or Gold awards from the Maricopa County Inspections.  It is only the Chandler location that is a problem and should be avoided.
4	Swadee is bomb! I'm a Thai food lover and I've hopped around to a bunch of the Thai places in Ahwatukee/Chandler... This place is a great combination of authentic, quality food at a good price. They have a great lunch special for $7.95 that only goes up to $8.95 for dinner and its the perfect portion for anyone (I usually have extra left over!) I like spicy food and they definitely understand what spice is - I go with a level three to be safe and stick to the Pad Thai, Red Curry,  Panang Curry and Garlic Chicken. Always good, hot and fresh. Not to mention all the employees are super nice. Great spot!
4	The food here is always very fresh and tasty. The prices are not the cheapest but it is worth it. Always friendly staff. So far my favorite Thai place in the east valley.
5	Dear Swaddee,Your food is amazing! Thank you.
5	This is by far my favorite Thai food restaurant.  Great prices and AWESOME food.  I have yet to order something here that I don't like.  I highly recommend the Pad See Ew with fried tofu... I have DREAMS about that dish.  Love this place!
1	Not sure what has happened but the prices are higher and the quality is poor (stay away from the shrimp!). No real witty way to say it...they are off my Thai list forever. Good thing there are a plethora of uberfab places in the Chandler area!
5	This has to be the best Thai food around. I have tried a few other places, but none are as authentic and delicious as Swaddee. We are now regulars and have never been disappointed.
5	One of my favorite Thai restaurants.   The Tom Yum is really very authentic and I enjoy the gai gatiam pad thai or garlic chicken.    I have not been back since I turned vegetarian, but know I can get some excellent vegi dishes.   Service and take out is great.   Strongly recommend.
5	This is by far my favorite thai restaurant!   The tom yum shrimp is absolutely divine and so are the spicy noodles.  the seasoning isn't too strong and the food is spicy (the good kind of thai spicy! ).  The pad thai its not bad either, but just a touch on the sweet side.I always polish off my meal with either a sweet sticky rice with custard or a cup of coconut ice cream, which are both to die for.  the rice is so deliciously chewy and sweet, and the ice cream tastes homemade (extra good with the peanuts on top).  The prices are reasonable, especially with the lunch and dinner specials.Also the restaurant has a quaint atmosphere and the decorations keep getting better each time I come.  :D
4	I went to this restaurant for my birthday on the recommendation of a coworker- best recommendation ever!I was so impressed with the service and the delicious food that I drug a friend visiting from San Francisco there for dinner.  He was impressed with the curried duck dish he ordered, and that they had his favorite imported beer.  He claims that Swaddee is far better than any Thai restaurant he has found in SF.The prices are reasonable, the food and service is great, and the atmosphere is really nice. Recommended:  Beef or chicken Prig Khing curry, pork fried rice, red curry duck, and a "Thai Iced Tea".
2	Being new to the Phoenix area we were looking forward to finding a Thai restaurant, since we eat Thai fairly often. Going off of the Yelp reviews, we decided to try Swaddee. We ordered the Tom Ka soup with tofu instead of chicken, and the Pad See-ew with soft tofu, and the veggie rolls (to go). The veggie rolls were tasty and larger than we're used to, which was a nice surprise. The Tom Ka soup was a little more sour than we're used to, but overall still tasty. However, it was almost $11 which we felt was about double what it should have cost. The Pad See-ew was the most disappointing part of the meal. The flavor was fine, nothing special but not bad. However, it was pretty dry and sticky, like you'd expect from a cheap college Thai take-out joint.Overall nothing really stood out. We had high hopes since the meals were on the pricey end for take-out, but we've had far better Thai for half the price. We'll keep looking for a better Thai place to become our local go-to!
3	I used to rate this restaurant at 5 stars, but lately the quality has seriously declined.  I am officially on the hunt for a new favorite Thai restaurant.
4	A local favorite.
5	Best Thai food in town.   Order it hot!!!!
4	My wife and I eat here when we go on a date without the kids.  One of my daughters is allergic to peanuts, so a Thai restaurant is not an ideal place to take her.We've eaten at all of the Thai restaurants in the East Valley, and this place is still our favorite.  This is where we go to get our fix when we crave spicy Thai food.Everything we've ordered has been pretty good.  We haven't had an unsatisfactory meal here yet.  There is a reason this restaurant has stood the test of time (and the economy).  Their food and service is great.
5	My family and I have found Swaddee a few years ago. It is hands down our favorite. We have always gotten excellent service and fabulous food. My three year old is not very good at sitting still and the staff has never been unkind about her shenanigans. We don't eat out often but when we do Swaddee is top of the list!
4	We love this place. If you go for an early dinner it is good for kids (high chairs there). Their food is great, service is fast and staff is nice and is really a hidden gem.  Love their green curry (more rice would be nice though) and their sampler app is the best thing to get (YUM!)
4	Monday 11 June 2012, my wife & I had dinner here. We had the beef salad for appetizer. We shared a chicken vegetable stir-fry dish. The spiciness of both dishes were at 4/5. The appetizer was OK. The cook didn't even bother to trim the cabbage leaves of the old wilted parts, which substracted from the experience. The pieces of beef were cut a bit too thick, and they were a bit too salty. The chicken vegetable stir fry was delicious and tasty. We had to add a bit more dried red pepper to both dishes as we found neither spicy enough. The best dish was the desert - golden banana, which were 2 pieces of banana and shredded coconut wrapped in rice paper and deep fried. We requested an additional scoop of coconut ice cream for an additional charge. Totally worth it. We will be back to try other dishes.
5	Been here recently and it looks like there have been a few changes to a couple dishes.  First, it looks like they are no longer using the HUGE shrimps in their dishes.  Rather they have swapped then our for smaller shrimp and reduced the price.  Also, the sticky rice and custard now comes is the shape of an heart (and is yellow) but lost a bit on the side of texture and sweetness.  Nonetheless this is still one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the Tempe/Chandler area and is a must try for any Thai food lover!
5	It's taken me a while to find an authentic, tasty Thai food place in Arizona and now I have!!Swaddee in Chandler is the real deal, using traditional flavor combinations that take me back to the beaches of Phuket every time. I've come to learn that a Thai place that has duck on the menu is usually worth the price, and Swaddee does not disappoint! Their curry duck is rich and succulent. Likewise, their Garlic Eggplant w/ tofo is a family standard for us. Additionally, the staff is fun and friendly, even during high volume times!TIP: If you plan to go for the usual M-F lunch, there is a hefty wait. Deal with it or go elsewhere. There's a reason for it! ALSO: Swaddee offers a 10% discount if you pay CASH! Swaddee!
5	Great food and great service. Quick take-out and friendly staff.
5	My mouth is even watering right now just thinking about this place! We went for dinner on a Wednesday. They have dinner specials that are a really good deal. You get a main entree, spring roll, peanut salad, and rice if it's not a noodle dish. I got transparent noodles with veggies and tofu. The salad was amazing. That peanut dressing is officially my new favorite thing in the world! Spring roll was yummy and crunchy. The noodles were very good, although could have used more noodles. All the veggies were perfectly cooked and the Tofu was perfectly fried. I can't wait to come back :)
5	This is my favorite Thai place. The spicy noodle is the best! When you are done, you have to try the coconut ice cream - it is the best that I have ever had ANYWHERE.
4	Came here for lunch on a Saturday, and it wasn't too busy, unlike their weekday lunch rushes. We ordered the pad thai, pad see ew, and green curry lunch specials. The lunch specials are a really good deal, at only $8 for a large portion, salad, and egg roll! (The salad and egg roll weren't that impressive though)I really liked the flavor of the pad thai (and that it came with peanuts!), but was disappointed because the pad see ew was really over-sauced. The green curry was good, but nothing special. So I would recommend the pad thai. The staff was also very friendly, and there's a 10% discount if you pay in cash!
4	Excellent Thai food!  We got take out.  The Pad Thai and Curry - excellent!  If you like medium spicy...choose #2 (spicy between 1-5).  #3 spicy...was way too hot for my husband....who is always medium spicy.  FYI...they DO NOT take AMEX; and there is a 10% discount if you pay with cash!
1	Terrible experience in Swaddee.  I found an used bandage in the food.  So yakkk!!!  The waitress came and grabbed the dish away.  I should've take a picture about it. She apologized for the incident.  But my friends and I had to leave.  I will never go to the place again.
4	Our "go to" Thai lunch place for years... The food is always good and the service is prompt and consistent.
5	This is a authentic Thai food.  The service and food were amazing   No one will be disappointed  excellent waitress who spoke Thai to our veteran who served there   We highly recommend tempura shrimp   Yum
3	I had read positive reviews about Swaddee Thai being one of the best Thai restaurants in Phoenix and was excited to finally have an opportunity for a visit.  I recently moved slightly closer to Swaddee, and a visit seemed inevitable, in part, due to the location in a strip mall next to Zoyo.  Overall, it was okay.  We entered a little after five and were the only patrons.   A few guests joined us and there seemed to be a few to go orders.  Our waitress was Thai and accommodating to my family's dietary proclivities.  The food was entirely unremarkable. My green curry, the dish I eat always order and use to judge all Thai restaurants, was watery and bland.  My wife was in full agreement with my tepid evaluation.  My daughter didn't seem particularly excited either.
5	I like this place. Parking is easy in back. Service is good. Price is reasonable. I like to get the Pad Thai level 5 hot. I also like the Fried Rice with Pork. I suggest you go  with level 5 heat and lots of water.
5	After having lived in Seattle for seven years, there are just a few things I haven't even tried here in the Phoenix area.  Sushi for example.  Or, I guess, seafood in general.  For some strange reason, Thai food has been on the list of things that I just hadn't ventured out to try here, assuming there's no way it could live up to how great the options were in Seattle.Then, for a co-workers birthday, I went here.  Not only was I immediately impressed with the service, the waitress recommended Thai iced tea - and it was just delicious.  I got the Pad See Ew w/ beef (5 stars 'cause that's how I roll) and it was fantastical.  The lunch special (like $8) also came with a small spring roll - which I dipped in the leftover peanut salad dressing.. just wow.So, A for ambiance, service, and perfect Thai cuisine on a very busy Friday lunch.  Brian talk Thai - Brian talk Thai VERY good.
4	Vegetarian Curry!
3	3.5 StarsSwadee is pretty great for takeout.  They have a big karaoke stage in the front which I have never seen in action, but if that is your thing it should be entertaining.   I really like the big fish tank with actually lively looking goldfish. The wait staff have always been very friendly and the service quick.   They tend to make the food on the mild side so I usually go with hot.  If you are looking for good takeout thai food with friendly staff and goldfish then check this place out.
5	Chicago girl now living in Chandler.  Found this gem in a strip mall and it reminds me of home, where you can find authentic world cuisine anywhere.  Swaddee Thai is awesome!  All the curries have depth of flavor, the peanut sauce is to die for, and I love the tofu options.  The service is quick and friendly, prices are cheap for the quality.  I eat there once a week.  LOVE IT!
3	Been there three times, and have tried out different dishes.First time i got pad thai, omg, that food was sooooooooooo greasy and salty, but i swore that i was not going back there again. But my coworker wants to go there for lunch and said the curry was good, so i went back again. This time i had the green curry with beef, it was pretty decent, flavorful yet not too strong. however, the veggie inside is a little bit more chewy that i would have prefer.Then we went back again for lunch, this time i had the noodles, ca'n't remember what it is called. it is those very thin and transparent one. It was really good. i ordered 4/5 spiciness, but still not too spicy. So basically it might be a hit or a miss, and it is not super spicy so if you are looking for that you might be disappointed;. overall a decent lunch spot.
3	Went with the reviews to try this place out. The location is easily accessible the ambiance is nice but nothing fancy. Drinks: Thai coffee 4*Appetizer : Chicken Satay 2.5*, personally i felt that taste was ok and chicken was not cooked tender Entree : Drunken noodles The quantity was really good. Its good i stick with the spice level of 3/5. If you don't eat spice stick with 2 :). I have tried drunken noodles at many thai places so the taste here felt little low, color of the dish reflected something was missing in it. I will surely rate this dish higher on some other Thai places. Overall if you are near this place and want to try thai not a bad choice :).
3	Came here for a lunch party.  The place was super decorated.  A little sensory overload.  We were 1 of 2 tables there.  And the service was slow.  I ordered the pad sei saw with chicken.  It was a little sweeter than I like, but it was ok.
5	I think I've been to just about every Thai restaurant around the valley from Thai Spices, Salla Thai, Thai Elephant, Thai Basil, Mint Thai, and Swaddee is by far the best I've had. Their food is always delicious and it's the perfect combination of sweet and tangy and spicy. The service is excellent as usually and the servers are attentive and super nice. I always get the pad thai, tom ka soup, or their pineapple friend rice (to die for). Their thai iced team and mango with sweet sticky rice are both amazing desserts to have after the meal. They have very reasonable priced lunch and dinner specials that come with a salad and egg roll. Their portions are very generous and I always have left overs. I highly recommend this place!
4	Can't go wrong with the Lunch Special. Chicken Noodles and Thai fried rice are favorites.
4	Swaddee is awesome. I love the Chicken Noodles and the Thai Iced Tea. This place can get a little hectic during lunch so go early if you can. When you order they ask you how spicy you want your food, 1-5. I always get a 3, but the spice can be anywhere from a 2-4 which works for me.
5	Delicious, fast, friendly and fresh! I highly recommend getting the Pad Woon Sen with Chicken. It is light and filling.  Never leave this place without having the Thai Tea.  It is my favorite Thai Tea from all of the thai restaurants in the valley.  I went during lunch several times and they will have you in and out within 30 mins.  Highly recommended for a business lunch or a family dinner.
5	After reading Yelp reviews of Swaddee, I had to give it a go! I was the first person there today shortly after opening. I had time to spare until my next appt. of the day, so I hung around for 1 hr 10 minutes to observe for my Review. :) At 11:30am partrons started coming for their to go and walk-ins rolled in. Man is this place hopping. I watched 25 to go orders and 20 seated inside in the short time I was there.I ordered my usual from Pei Wei - the Pad Thai. Hands down, *the best.* Now, Pei Wei is a slight glimmer of hope of my return. The Pad Thai was not greasy,.felt fresh and not sticky. The spicy scale from 1 to 5, I choose 1. Glad I did as was enough for me. Can't imagine a 4 for 5. :) They didn't charge me for the Thai Tea (I ordered because of reviews here) and it is an acquired taste for some people if they are not familiar -- I really liked it. For dessert, Coconut Ice Cream **Note: topped with peanuts...not a good idea to me; kills the coconut flavor.I will be back. And given the distance, that says something. :)
3	Red curry was watery and rather average.  Hot and spicy noodles were tasty, although I wish there were more noodles than the rest of the items in there.  Seemed to be filler items like iceberg lettuce in this dish, which were rather random.  If you want delicious Thai food, go to Siam Thai in Glendale!  Still my favorite in the Valley.  No other Thai place I've tried out has measured up.
4	This place is next to my favorite chineese place. I tried it for lunch and had the Green Curry. It was $7.95 and I am full. This place has what you want. It is very good food, good service and its a clean quiet atmosphere. I like it very much and I will continue to go there.
2	Swaddee, what happened?! I used to love you. I guess now that I've been exposed to really wonderful, flavorful Thai, your restaurant just isn't as appealing to me as it was 10 years ago.My husband and I dined at the Chandler location recently since it's near his work. He got the house salad which was just a standard salad with bland peanut dressing. What upset him is that the "shrimp" listed in the description was just that-- ONE SHRIMP, singular.I got the spicy eggplant figuring that would be a good choice since eggplant is in season. It was just ok. I tasted more grease than anything else, but I was missing all those hot/sour/sweet/bitter elements that I expect with Thai food.Luckily there are other Thai places in the area. It's time to move on.
5	This food is fantastic!!! Very authentic and so yummy. Everything tasted so good. The presentation was marvelous! They really care about this. The vegetables were so fresh! I enjoyed every bit of this food. The server was also so kind, nice and attentive. My new fave restaurant. Prices were so reasonable too. It may not be glamorous in appearance but if you know anything about excellent authentic ethnic food the restaurants never look like much but the food is excellent!!!
5	Vacationing in Chandler and the family (well mom and dad, myself) were crashing Thai. Yelp delivered as usual. Pad Thai, Panang curry, spicy (level 3 was blazing!)seafood fried rice were all great. Kids liked the teriyaki chicken (not too sweet or sticky) was also good. Spicy Eggplant was just ok in my book, but the wife liked it. Could use some more veggies in the dishes though. Definitely will be back!
5	I love this place!  Food and service is always great! I forget to do "good" reviews, but this place makes it worth the effort. The staff actually smiles and is glad you are there, which is getting more rare every day. Very clean, real napkins folded into little birds (I think) lol. Yummy food! I feel good after eating here! Give them a try and add a review. :-)
5	I Love this place. My family gets to go orders all the time. We have never actually dined in but it is always a very pleasant wait in the dining room when I arrive early for my take-out.  I am partial to the Pad Wo Sen (transparent noodles) with chicken. I always get a 3 on the spicy scale as I made the mistake of getting a 5 once, and I like spicy food.  The rest of my family gets a 1.  The staff is always cheerful and nice.
5	Good fast service. Pad See Iew was very good. Garlic delight was good. Large portions. Pretty much everything we had was good. We'll be back.
5	excellent atmosphere and authenticate Thai cuisine. spice level on food is always a bit skewed in Arizona i ordered Thai Fried Rice with star rating of 4 out of 5 and for me it was more like a 2. non the less flavor was right on point.
2	It is ok, nothing fantastic.  Definitely not the best thai food, but it would work in a bind.  Very average.
4	Not very familiar with Thai food. Tried the Pad See Iwe with chicken and #4 spicy. AWESOME!
4	Spicy basil with pork. So good. Got it to go. Spice level ordered was level 7 out of 10. Probably too spicy for most but addictingly delicious.
2	Went once and never again! awful service and food mediocre.
3	I went here last week with a friend after waffling between here and Thailicious. Full disclaimer? Thailicious is better, but they have better deals here. They have dinner specials for about 9$ that comes with a salad with peanut dressing, an entree and a spring roll...not a bad deal. Also, the portion is large, I had more than enough for lunch the next day (and the flavors were better the next day too). I had the spicy noodles at a 3.5 heat level and it was spicy, but not burning my face off. My friend had the pad se ew and she thought it was ok... nothing special. At the end, we wanted to try the raved about coconut ice cream, but they brought our check without asking about dessert and promptly disappeared... so that was that. This probably wouldn't be my first choice of Thai in the area, but I would go back. PS When I walked in, I almost had a heart attack because they had an ATM sitting there... is this place cash only?!?! Oh no!.... No, they do take cards...phew!
5	I first had this Thai food in flagstaff and was in love! I figured I would try this location and it did not disappoint! The tofu is always cooked perfectly and I've heard the chicken is great too.I usually get either the yellow curry or the pad thai. Both of them come in epic preportions and I have lunch for the next day. The tom kha soup is delicious!Go for the lunch special, it's cheap and the portions are still huge. The service is fast and you won't get stuck waiting for food for too long!
5	Food from here is very good! As someone who is in a family that doesn't like spicy things, Swaddee does a great job of making something not spicy when asked. I love their pad thai, pad se iew, thai fried rice and mee krob. Only wish there was more veggies in the pad se iew.
5	Wow, the Thai Fried RIce is so amazing here.  It has lots of flavor.  Any of the Pork dishes are good.  I really enjoyed the food and staff here.
4	Had been to the one in Flagstaff several times and it has great lunch specials, finally we went to the one in Chandler for dinner and it was very good.  Nice proportions, reasonably priced, & good service.
5	Amazing service and wonderful, flavorful cuisine. We love both the lunch and dinner menu. This is a quaint, affordable restaurant, and I would highly recommend it when searching for delicious Thai food.
3	It was a very long wait; about an hour. But, on the contrary the food was delectable.
1	I ordered a pick up order for the first time after hearing about their good food from some friends. The woman on the phone sounded beyond rude and still gave her the benefit of the doubt. When I went to pick up my order she didn't even bother to say hi or anything. She talked as if she was annoyed. When I paid, she gave me both receipts with my card, slammed a pen in front of me to sign a receipt and left. I was standing there with a signed receipt, a pen upset. She was too busy sitting down at a table and talking to another server. Then a guy saw it, came to me running and said thank you and took care of it. Such an unacceptable behavior. Totally ruined my day. Food tasted good, but for some reason gave me a stomachache. Never going back to be treated so terribly.
3	I had the thai toast for appetizer,  it was horrible! The server was nice its only reason I gave it three stars...I had ordered spicy fried rice with chicken and it was ok nothing great. I have had much much better!
1	What are all the 5-star reviews about??I was led here due to the great reviews to this Thai restaurant. Even upon arriving, I was utterly disappointed. My family and I were placed in a corner (when the entire restaurant was pretty much vacant) next to another family with a baby in a highchair. This created kind of an uncomfortable space for us to even enjoy our meal. I thought the food was terrible (ie, the duck that I bit into was extremely salty, and even bit into salt during each bite. My duck was burnt as well). The service was VERY POOR- with three tables out of the many you have available in the restaurant, and the number of waiters, I'd think we would have exceptional service. I was wrong. Our waiter was in the back eating a meal. At a table. In front of all customers.I have never wanted to leave a restaurant without consuming my food. This was the first time. Doggy bag? NO THANK YOU. If I could give zero stars, I would. For restaurant-goers looking for actual good and decent food, do not go here.
2	How does this place have 4 star reviews??The food isn't that great and staff isn't friendly either. They take so much time to serve! The other Thai restaurants in the area are way better.
5	Had been to this place awhile ago (probably previous owners or before they remodeled) and was ok with the food but it was a bit dated (and there was a bug on my table).Years later came back with a coworker and wow have things changed! They've since redecorated and it's super clean now (no more fear of bugs).The pad thai I had was delicious and coconut ice cream was awesome. Highly recommend this place if you're looking to get a Thai fix.
3	We went by Swaddee for dinner on a Friday night and there were only a couple of people there ... Really surprised it wasn't busy based on the reviews. I think I'd give this restaurant more of a 2.5 but I rounded up.Obviously we were seated right away, and soon after, we placed our order and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. We got the Swaddee Fried Rice (medium spice) and the Cashew Nuts Delight (medium hot spice). The Cashew Nuts Delight definitely had a kick to it and was really tasty. I thought that there were a lot of cashews in there but too many vegetables compared to chicken. The Swaddee Fried Rice was almost too sweet with the pineapple (which it doesn't say it has in it on the menu, I think?), raisins, and Chinese Sausage. We had gotten a glass of the Thai Tea as well; it was $2.50 and came in a much smaller glass than it does at other restaurants.I thought that the prices were a bit higher for the entrees than other places, but the portion sizes were maybe larger than at other places. Not sure when/if we will be back. With so many other Thai restaurants to pick from, we'll venture to try something different in the future.
3	Had cashew chicken, coconut princess, and Tom yan soup - all quite good , with good service
1	Ate there for first time,.and had the runs all night, dont think i will go back, titos revenge!!
5	This is my first experience with Thai food and I am absolutely hook. I wish there was a location closer.
