4	My Saving Grace on mornings like today!! They are located right around the corner from my office and they are spectacular!! I frequent this location about once a week depending on how tired I am that morning, but these ladies are AWESOME they run this place wonderfully and make my Iced Caramel Latte with Skim just perfect!! It's a busy little spot so if you don't catch them at the right time you will have to wait, but today I was in and out in 4mins!!!
5	Even though this place is always packed with the Stepford Wives-Dilworth edition, I still love it. Conveniently located just south of East Blvd on South Blvd (enough directional points for you?), it's the perfect place to stop when you are just outside of Uptown. I try not to go during the weekend since it gets packed in there but even so, the staff is friendly and efficient. I order a coffee and a flatbread sammie for under $4 and bam, have both in hand in less than two minutes. Check out their flavored syrups so you can add some pizazz to your java. I love the coconut and cinnamon (separate of course) however I kinda want to take a chance on the blueberry or get really saucy and mix vanilla and chocolate together to see if it would emulate a black and white cookie. The eggwhite flatbread is one of my favorite things EVER and that along with the solid coffee they offer, keeps me coming back for more. They offer coupons in the Citipass book plus they have a calendar you can buy in store for only a buck, it has coupons for each month so it's a deal and a half. If they had seating that kept my booty cozy, I would be there for hours on end. Now the question is, why don't we have more Dunkins in town??
2	Been here twice in the past week, each time ordering unsweet tea and each time getting sweet only to realize this when I'm back in the car!There are always lines here and there's no drive thru - I love you, DD, but this location is a pain and I don't think I'll be coming back. For the record, this hurts me more than it hurts you.
3	Like donuts? Crave coffee? Dig ice cream? It's a one stop shop at this DD/BR. The Good:-Cheerful, friendly, and fast staff-Fresh donuts: especially if you hit 'em up in the morning hours-Free WiFi-Surprisingly decent music playing in the background: vital if you have to grab a seat for a while and get some work done-Usually plenty of parking -Free ice cream samples-A case of BR ice cream cakesThe Meh: -No drive thru **shakes fist**-If you have to pull up a chair and stay a while, said seats are not comfortable. The one exception is the solitary leather chair near the corner. -Flatbread sammies taste a bit cardboard-esque. Granted, I knew what I was getting into with that. -They often do not have decaf iced coffee. It's a 50/50 chance. Munchkin, out!
4	I didn't even look at the doughnuts because I was so excited about the ice cream... Pralines and Cream is my absolute weakness... I only wanted a little because I'm trying to watch the old waistline, but be careful!  That kid's scoop is still huge! lol Service was quick and friendly, though...
5	HOLY DANG! This place is awesome. FORGET EVERYTHING YOU THOUGHT YOU KNEW ABOUT DUNKIN DONUTS.The Baskin Robbins part is cool, but the employees are the greatest. I'm sitting IN DUNKIN DONUTS RIGHT NOW WRITING THIS REVIEW because I was so moved by the awesomeness of the employees that I had to write it immediately. Management should listen up: you have gems here. I've worked in food service for a long time and you've got fantastic people here. Treat them well. In all seriousness though, I want to propose to this Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins.
5	This location has absolutely amazing customer service. Their staff is extremely friendly and efficient. They always get our order correct and do it with smiles on their faces. Dunkin Donuts is always good, but I guarantee people keep coming back to this location because of their friendly staff. I know I do!
3	I come here for the baskin robins ice cream generally. Yum!!! I've always had great customer service here. You can usually spot some firemen inside too.Last night we came right at closing and received friendly service even though it was time to go. I was very sad to see them throwing away all the unsold food. (Only reason for the 3 stars.)  Seems like such a terrible waste when there are plenty of people without enough food.  It should all be donated instead of put in the trash. Tax write off, feeding the hungry, and less in landfills all in one. Come on Dunkin!!!
3	Coffee, donuts, Baskin Robbins ice cream. If Homer Simpson designed heaven, I imagine it would be Dunkin' Donuts. Well, maybe a DD with beer.I wish they would clone the staff here and put them in the uptown location. The workers here are happy, nice and efficient. Pretty much the complete opposite of the Graham Street location.No drive thru here. Womp womp. No worries, they don't care if you walk inside wearing your pajamas. To be honest, I'm not sure if they have ever seen me in regular clothes here.Good selection of bagels and donuts. And three words: ICE CREAM CAKE.If you're in a rush and there's a line, don't give up on your coffee hopes. It usually moves pretty quickly here.
1	The lot is not taken care off- owner never responded to our complaint about the yellow bars ruining our car. That is not a way to do business! We never came back and warned our friends! You can not park a sporty car there- the yellow bars are too high and too close, they caused some serious damage (and no response!!!!)
1	U work at a coffee shop, u should learn how to be maybe a little nice to those who keep u employed...
3	Wish they had a drive through.It can be hard to ask for regular sugar in my iced coffee when it is busy.  They always use liquid sugar and there is no button on the register to change it.Everyone who works here has been very nice!
4	I come here Way too often as is evidenced by the multiple charges for $2.48 on my credit card.  Same thing every time - Large Iced Coffee!  I love DD's iced coffee.  The staff here is great.  They are really cheerful and friendly.  I don't even have to order some of the time.  As soon as they see me walking in the door they get my coffee going.  Great group of people.  The parking lot can be a little crazy at times.  But even when it is packed, the line inside seems to move pretty quickly.
2	Croissant donut, okay, but not worth $2.49 ea.. This place use to be great but now the personnel is cold and it isn't as clean.
3	Ah Dunkin Baskin... Donuts and ice cream under the same roof. Diabetes through the door. It can be a pain in the butt to get to though if you are heading south on South.Service is always efficient and friendly! They get the job done.
