4	Great service - very quick, definitely use the coupons - and the evaluation was honest and fair - and no pressure is applied - I would go back again
5	Love these guy's.  I have been taking my car there since 2008.  First time I brought my car there was for an oil change.  Told Rod at the desk I needed cv joints because another mechanic said I did.  Well, I didn't, He however told me what I needed and took me in the shop and showed me every aspect of my car and his suggestions.  I was the first feel good experience I have had at a repair shop.  Rod has since gone and Tim has taken his place and he gives me the same customer service I have grown to love.  Keep it up guys!
1	This is a review of their business practices online.  Essentially, a long time ago I started getting emails from this exact precision tune.  Someone there must have given my email as theirs, or the tech mis-typed it.  DO NOT LET THEM HAVE YOUR EMAIL.. there is no way to get off the list.  I'm now taking actions to report their mis-handling in the case they send any more emails..If you get stuck with their emails, contact their admin by searching 'whois ptautocare.com' and getting their email.  Edit : They claim the link at the bottom will unsubscribe.  I clicked that thing many a time man... been getting emails for years from you, the Honda Dealership nearby, etc etc... FML
1	Will never go back. Was there 2 hours before closing for an oil change and was turned away because they did not have enough time.  I gladly took my business elsewhere.
5	Brought my girlfriends car in this morning to get a NC state inspection. I was greeted by Brian who was extremely friendly and helpful. He got me in and out of there in a half hour and gave me some good advice on my car and what needs to be serviced soon. I would recommend precision auto tune in pineville, NC to anyone who likes good quick service. Ask for Brian! Go Panthers!
5	I stopped going to this location after the previous manager Tim was replaced with a female manager who in my opinion was not very friendly or willing to work with customers. I vowed not to return but I was in the area and really needed an oil change so I went by. To my surprise there was a new manager there named Brian who really took care of me and renewed my faith with precision tune. I felt like he was very knowledgable and seemed genuinely concerned with my vehicle and the services required. He was not pushy and prioritized the things needed for my car. I am glad Brian is there and will become a regular customer again.
4	When I bought my vehicle two years ago, I decided to go to Precision for my car's routine oil change/tire rotations.  Not exactly sure why, maybe the coupons that come in, or that it is close to us, but I've had no problems dealing with them.My only complaint, is they are always busy!  So people must like them, as I always have to wait.  This weekend I went late Saturday afternoon and had about a 1.5 hour wait for my oil change and tire rotation.  I have left work early to have this done as well, and it is still a long wait.  I think that is just part of the business no matter where you go though.  At least their waiting area is nice and comfortable with a clean bathroom!  I've had no problems walking around the adjacent shopping center while I wait as well.I am also with Brian H. on the female manager.  She was there last year when I came in and I was not a fan of her, she wanted me to do more to my car than what was needed - I said no to all of that.  All the other times, including this time, I was told my car looked great.  I trust them there with my car, but definitely not her.One more quick thing, make sure you get your key back for your tires if you have a rotation.  This last time they kept it and I turned right back around to get it.  Previously, I did not even notice they had kept it until I returned months later and it was not in my car, luckily they still had it.  I know they do not mean to do it on purpose, but they get so busy they forget something that could be so important if I get a flat tire. So far so good with my car!
1	Slow, absolutely the worst.  Horrible communication skills and customer service. I wouldn't imagine In million years how inconsiderate people in the auto business could be.
