4	Um...yum! I've been meaning to grab a bite from Napolitano's food truck for quite some time. Thus, I was more than excited to see them at last night's South End food truck rally! Hubs and I shared an order of the pepperoni rolls - hot and crispy, freshly made pizza rolls oozing with cheese and bits of pepperoni. $5 and a few minutes later, we dunked those rolls into the flavorful marinara and went happily on our way. I'll never be able to to eat a Tostino's pizza rolls again without thinking about Napolitano's version! I'll definitely be back to this fun little food truck.
4	Savory deliciousness and talk about making my taste buds happy! Heidi is the chef of Napolitano's and not only does she make good food, she is really nice too. I typically order a veggie panini. It has spinach and cheese (and other things). It's delicious! The last time I tried some fries and mozzarella sticks (don't judge, I realize it's not a healthy combo). The sticks were oozing with cheese! Yummy!You cannot miss this food truck...it's large and red! You won't want to pass it by either...you can find Heidi and her truck at the various food truck rallies in town and she also makes occasional stops on Tuesday nights at Pfeiffer University. Your cash or credit are good here.
5	By far my favorite food truck!  Everytime I see the red truck, I have to pull over.  The sausage and peppers are amazing.  I've ordered her meal deals on the weekends and everything has been fantastic.  $25 and my family is fed with no clean up.  Being a northerner, it's nice to finally see some REAL Italian food in the area!  The owner is just as nice as she can be.  Definitely check them out if you see them!
4	Napoltano's food truck is da bomb when it comes to the Italian roast beef and sausage and pepper sandwiches!  The Italian roast beef is difficult to find in the Charlotte area and this one is very good with the spicy giardiniera pickled veggies topping the roast beef.  And for dessert, you must try the zeppoli (deep-fried fluffy dough balls with lots of powdered sugar).  My daughter said they reminded her of the croustillons that she had when she studied abroad in Lille, France.  When you're done, you'll feel like you're one of those fluffy zeppoli, too!  ;-)
1	THE ADDRESS LISTED ON YELP IS INCORRECT, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.  I live in Matthews and drove out to Indian Trail to find this food truck, and it was nowhere to be found.  I went to the website provided by Napolitano's, and they have no schedule showing where and when their food truck is in the field.
