4	Whilst on a spontaneous road trip to Vegas, I discovered that I needed brakes in a bad way.  My poor baby was whining and grinding up on the floor, and I couldn't ignore her any longer.  How to pay?  Where to go?  Then I remembered I had a credit card with Firestone and all was right with the world!As soon as I pulled up, they were already in the parking lot greeting me with a clipboard and a smile.  I love great customer service and they were not new to the idea, although I believe this location is new.In and out in only a few hours while I shopped around the local shopping center.  Brakes, resurfaced rotors, and some new wipers.  Reasonable prices and it all goes 6 months with no interest ever so easily on my Firestone credit card. Thanks!
5	Had my BEST auto repair experience EVER in the 12 yrs I have been in Las Vegas.Took my truck in assuming my master cylinder was done and needed to be replaced, maybe even brakes...   after a quick inspection they found it was just the hose that connects to the master cylinder.  Any other place I would of took my truck probably would of agreed with my initial assessment of the cylinder and brakes and charged me for it. They have EARNED my business for future needs.   I will report back with another review after my next visit.
5	Wasn't my first time at a Firestone and also not my normal place to get my car serviced.  However, Goodyear recently went out of business and here I am.  I really didn't expect much, but was pleasantly surprised with my most recent visit.  This Firestone is new (opened in March 2012), clean, and the service is impeccable. One thing that I should point out right away is that I do not have to pay a single dime on my car, like ever.  That's because my car is part of a fleet and the company I work for pays for everything from the gas, car washes, and maintenance.  This is just one of those perks by having a company car.  So when it comes to price, I cannot rate whether it's good or bad.  But I dig this Firestone purely based on their customer service, professionalism, and their lobby.  Yes, I said lobby.  This Firestone has one of best lobbies for an auto care center.  Seats are comfortable leather or pleather, non of that hard plastic stuff.  Each seat even has a foldable side table and they also have free wifi.My most recent service was an oil change and tire rotation.  Start to finish took less than 40 minutes.  This has to be the best Firestone that I ever been to.  I think I just found my new favorite auto care shop.
5	We've had my husband's car repaired here twice in the last few months (different issues).  They have done both repair work and tires for the vehicle now. The customer service is wonderful.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  I loved the customer service philosophy they have hanging in the bathroom.  The facility is new, clean and like another reviewer said the lobby is great.  I especially liked it since I had to wait a few minutes with a toddler. Price was great, they were honest, clearly explained the work that needed to be done ASAP versus work that could wait and the best part they are incredibly quick!  Both visits we had the car back within hours, which is huge for our family of six. Highly recommend.
4	This location is wonderful. Fix my car after another location messed up the repair. Professional and helpful. Clean location.Their labor prices are a bit over priced but that's all Firestones.
5	I stopped in to buy some oil but left with a complete oil change, at a significantly lower cost than what the local VW dealers charge. My vehicle takes synthetic oil so I'm used to being charged more however, the counter person, offered me a few discounts and assured me that the change would be done and I'd be back on the road within 30 minutes. He didn't lie. They allowed my dog to wait with me in the waiting area, which in itself was a surprise for me because my dog isn't small - she's 60 pounds. She's also a senior canine though so all she did was lay at my feet for the twenty or so minutes it took for the change. They pointed out some issues that aren't urgent but that I already knew about and I was on my way as promised. If only all shops offered service like this.
1	The first time I went to this Firestone, the service was actually pretty good.  I returned a few months later for an alignment/balance and they pretty much lost me as a customer at this location.  I think the fundamental issue is laziness.  They called me to pick up my car and said everything was good to go.  When I got my receipt, I noticed it didn't contain the normal documentation that shows alignment adjustments.  Also, the work sheet stated there was a nail in my tire that was unrepairable.  I asked them why they didn't tell me about it (considering it was a hazard) and I got blank stares.  This shocked me considering I have a warranty through Firestone that covers these issues and further investigation showed they have the tire in stock.  After I left, the ride home indicated that my alignment wasn't accomplished at all or at least they did a bad job of it.  Later, I received a call offering to swap out the tire; however, I had a better experience with a different Firestone, so I will have them honor the warranty.  I figure once I identify the cook is spitting in the food, I am not sending it back to them to fix it.  Like I said in the beginning, I think the true issue is just laziness.
1	So I decided to take my car to a different Firestone since I had previously purchased the lifetime alignment. They confirmed that there was no way an alignment was done on my car and gave me the documentation to prove it.  Plain laziness.
5	I believe the gentleman helping me was James. He was extremely helpful and never pushed a service on me, however they did notice that my radiator was cracked and called to let me know. I had also been hearing some other strange noise and he was nice enough to have them check it out. I came in for an oil change and left with a great attitude towards this shop. I will continue to use this shop for my car services. Thank you James for your wonderful customer service. Very much appreciated.
5	Excellent customer service. My fuel pump went bad on a Sunday and they were the closest open. They took my car right in and it was fixed same day by closing. Not sure who was running the counter, but the 2 guys in the front were very friendly and helpful. The guy that was working on my car also came in and talked with me as well. Let me know he needed to move some stuff in my backseat around. They were even able to get us some discounts on the work. I was very pleased on the customer service and I would return back for future needs.
1	Went in for an oil change and specifically asked to have the battery checked out. They claimed it was fine and in the mean time baited me into new tires. One week later had to jump my car again, so I took it to another auto center and sure enough the battery barley had a charge. All they were focused on was up selling the oil change and tires. Would not recommend this location.
5	I had wrote a review a while back on the firestone website but wanted to write another on here so people can know what a great shop this really is, as a single mom i really appreciated all the care they took in fixing my brakes and making my car safe to cart around my children,  their customer service was phenomenal and highly recommend them to everyone. All the way from the manger to the tech. I am so happy with the service and my brakes are working great. Thank you firestone being so awesome you have a customer for life.: ) -Mandy
5	My breaks started squeaking, oil change was overdue, I knew I needed some other work done on my car, and of course I procrastinated going in to have the maintenance done. Finally decided to make the phone call to schedule an appointment, the manager answered the phone and gave me an idea of $$ for specific services I knew I absolutely needed, I was not busy at the moment so I asked if I could bring it in right away rather than schedule an appointment. He said come on in he would make sure I was taken care of.. After arriving I was helped right away, I discussed my concerns about my car, had my car fully inspected and come to find out I needed quite a bit of work.. :/ dreading having another bill I knew my car needed it and not to mention signing up as a rewards member I was given a generous discount  and 6 mo 0% :) I decided to fix everything! It was going to take a few hours for all the maintenance so they offered me a ride home and have me their card and said give us a call when your ready to pick it up. Few hours later I was picked up brought back and picked up my car with no hassles! Not to mention I felt great about my decision to get services from this Firestone because of all the friendly faces and Amazing customer service! I now have one less thing to worry about for car repairs and services! Would highly recommend this place, even if your on the other side of town!! Thanks guys!!
5	Wow... What an incredible experience here!!  Chris G helped us out quickly was very sweet and sincere and out car was quickly fixed and ready to go!!  I'll be back!
5	Seriously, I couldn't get service like this out in California. Convenient location and prices are fair. The Firestone that I went to in California is no comparison to this location. My '03 Mustang got new tires and the service was quick and efficient. My sister's Jeep didn't have a Lifetime Wheel Balance and they offered to do it.  The staff is super friendly, and James is really nice.
4	James was the first employee I encountered and he was polite, respectful, helpful and sympathetic to the cost of my brake job.  With all that had to be done, the bill was to be over $900.00.  I wasn't happy and this being my first visit, I did not plan on returning.  James went to his manager and they reduced my bill by 23%.  I still feel their prices are high, but I walked out of there a satisfied customer and plan on returning when the need arises.
2	Been going here a couple times now. I spoke with James,  he's polite and always willing to help.I did however spend a pretty penny to replace my iac on a 2000 Dodge Durango,  only to find out my check engine light still stays on. Been a couple weeks since going in. They said the light won't turn off if I dont replace the power train computer module. So I went to auto zone and had them scan my vehicle and the lady said there's 4 possible areas. Since I got the iac replaced it shouldn't be that. I also called another company and was told, "I don't think it's the iac if the light is still on. So you need to go back and have them give yours back! Replace the computer module? No! Then your car wouldn't even turn on if it was that problem! "So now if I go back to firestone, will they point at something else and tell me I need to replace it?  Guess I won't be spending my money here ever again. It's a shame your company is a couple minutes from my house. Guess I'll just drive across town where I know the mechanic won't take my money until the problem is fixed. I would have had to spend $900 on a computer module on top of the $600 I spent on the iac, that wasn't even the problem. Some advice, I'd call around first before coming here. It'll save you time & money, I mean unless you're well off and have money to blow off, then by all means, make it rain!
