5	FINALLY is all I can say. I loved going to this place since I lived in Cali and the boba places just weren't as good here in Vegas. Finally, they have one here! Good service and good food too. Definitely gonna be a regular here!
4	Great to finally have a Tapioca Express outside of California. I have had it a few times and happy they opened up a location in Las Vegas. To add to that a good boba place on the east side of town! I came in on Monday night and there were a few patrons, I usually don't get too adventurous but how risky can you get considering it's a boba place? I must add though I hate when I try something out of the norm and am not satisfied. So I went ahead and order the hazelnut snow because I wanted it ice blended. Mmm, mmm! It sure was delicious. I'm glad they were able to execute the good taste of the drink just like California locations do. I notice when something is popular in California and then comes to Vegas it is just not as good. Thankfully this Tapioca Express did not disappoint! Their POS card system was not working that night and I only had my card on me so it left them no choice but to give me the drink on the house. I was certainly thankful for that and a reason I am writing them a review. Since the POS card system wasn't working the service was a tad bit slow, but I could tell the employees were doing what they could to get through their processes faster. The inside is of course new, which nice clean and somewhat modern touches. Tapioca Express is definitely my new boba spot in town!
5	I'm so happy that they finally have Tapioca Express here in Vegas! For now, I ordered their Iced Milk Tea w/ boba and I love it! Their milk tea's not too sweet, it's not plain either. The boba's perfect and it's cheap! Service was fast, I got my order probably less than a minute after I paid, I have a feeling they have a gallon of milk tea ready to be given (I used to do that when I worked at a boba place) so it's acceptable. Haha. I'll definitely come back. Highly suggest to come and try tapioca express if you want some great boba drinks! (They also have combo meals like crispy chicken rice, sausage rice, etc!)
4	I visited this place for the first time. The interior looks very new and it's nicely decorated. I tried the strawberry and banana with boba. I noticed they did not use real strawberries, but instead they used a syrup. Taste wise, still tastes very much like strawberry and banana though! I would recommend this place for boba.
5	It might be my first check in but I've been here three times already. This time I brought my boyfriend with me.They have a wide range of flavors when it comes to milktea, tea or snow bubble (my personal favorite). Lychee is usually my go to flavor but I have also tried their passion fruit which was delicious. They can also mix flavors for you like caramel thai tea snow bubble that my boyfriend asked for. The staff is super friendly and easy to talk to. The price is very reasonable. You get a drink for under $5! Overall, this spot definitely satisfies my boba cravings:)
4	This place is pretty good I love their food choices there yummy :) however the honeydew milk tea was not the business for me . I do appreciate how they make it fresh though along with other selections . the crispy chicken is awesome!
2	The place looks pretty promising. That changes the moment you talk to one of the cashiers. I asked her about one of the items in the menu, and she looked really puzzled. She then answered that she doesn't know at all mainly because she doesn't work in the kitchen. That right there is a bright red flag that I probably should have left. As someone that works at a restaurant, you should be well aware of what it is you're selling. Not only that but she also made various mistakes on our order. All of this was going on while manager was clearly standing next to her. He did absolutely nothing to help us or clarify anything. The food, itself, is not as appetizing especially for it's price. I do not recommend getting the sisig fries. It was pretty disgusting.
