4	I recently moved to Champaign from Chicago, which happens to be a big thrifting town; as an expensive place to live, it is thankfully and inexpensive place to get dressed. While Central Illinois has not revealed all of its thrifting potentials to me yet, my first (and usually last) stop for a wardrobe update is Plato's Closet.As a resale shop, Plato's goes through a lot of volume and there is always something new. All of their stuff is clean, high-quality and youthful. They are particularly geared to the 25-34 age bracket with good everyday, occasion and professional wear. This location really benefits from the college-town setting with people at all levels of professionalism, and I happen to have particularly good luck finding dresses, blazers and cardigans.They have a wide variety of dress pants, dresses, jeans, bags, shoes, basics and coats depending on the season. They have descent trade-in options: they pay in cash but usually the in-store credit is a better deal. The frequent buyer/seller card doesn't hurt either. For example, tops and blouses usually cost $6 and dresses typically run $8-15.Things are tightly packed in the store, but well organized which helps to keep you on the hunt. If don't find what you want, in helps that TJ Maxx is right next door. I highly recommend this place for the graduate student on the budget as a good way to look up-to-date and professional without having to cave to mall retail prices.
2	I was super excited about coming here b/c I loved my old Plato's Closet in Plano where I found TONS of awesome deals on usually pretty high priced clothes. This place is really only a good deal if you are REALLY into Abercrombie and Hollister, other than that, the store is fairly limited in the brands it sells :(Maybe if it were slightly bigger it could carry more...
2	Nothing was torn or stained, but a lot of the clothes looked worn and a little faded.  And yeah, I get that Plato's Closet sells clothes that HAVE been worn, but they're not supposed to LOOK it.  I'm kind of surprised by the previous reviewer who stated that the clothes are geared toward the 25-34 age bracket.  Um, were we in the same Plato's Closet??  Most of the stuff looked pretty cheap and teenybopperish to me.  I can see going here if you're looking for something disposable for going out on campus, but definitely not to build a professional wardrobe.
3	I've had good luck selling stuff here, but none when it comes to buying things. I just feel like everything here is either tacky, terribly made, or just an old trend. I definitely have better luck at TJ Maxx for sure.
4	I'll be honest with you. I used to hate Plato's Closet. Lately though things have changed. I almost always find something great. For instance I just got an awesome and unique but still not so out there that you can wear it dress for a wedding that got me tons of compliments. New employees? I don't know but I'm pleased. My criticism is that this Plato's Closet is like digging for a needle in a haystack. It takes soooo much effort to find anything. It's shoved in average and sub par items that are currently 'in style', a.k.a. what everyone's wearing from the mall. Overall though Plato's isn't a bad place. I disagree with the person that said it's only "Abercrombie and Hollister." That's simply not true. I've seen plenty of great brands and unique pieces. If you're willing to dig there's some great stuff here.
3	Sorry, they didn't want to buy my son's uniform pants and I had at least one pair of jeans that I thought were nicer than what they had on the floor.  Too many mall brand names that are just in bad taste.  I found a good navy p coat though for next to nothin though. So, I will not give up on them just yet.
4	I would give 4.5 stars if I could, but 4 will have to do. For Champaign, this is about as good as it gets for name-brand casual wear for ages 25 and under. This is really the only place I shop for clothing in the area because I am always too disappointed with the selection (or lack thereof) at the mall. At least at Plato's, I am always thrilled with the low price even if I'm not always thrilled with the selection. The men's section is small, comparatively, but it's worth snooping through every now and then to find something good. As for selling used items to them, they are very selective on what they will take. I'm not sure what sort of algorithm they use, but I have tried to sell my good-condition, expensive brands, like Zara, but they seem to be inconsistent in their decisions. I usually stick to buying over selling.
2	this is place is just horrible. they tried to buy my $380 coach hand purse for $3 dollars ????? are you fudging serious?! the whole store smell so bad, and the second hand clothes they well are way too expensive! DONT SELL THEM YOUR CLOTHES PEOPLE, it's just not worth the trip.
