2	One thing is certain. I will not be getting a dukedom here. I cancelled my service on January 5, and received a bill for an amount that was higher than what I owed.  When I asked the Century Link employees why my bill was higher, they  informed me that  there is a $16 disconnect fee. What? So Century Link probably lost my future business and Yelp check ins. By the way when I was a Century Link customer, a complaint I  had  is that they are closed on Sundays. I work on weekdays and do my recreational activities on Saturdays. So being closed on Sundays was a major inconvenience to myself and others I am sure.
1	Dealing with Centurylink employees is like dealing with used car sales men. promise one thing then bill for more. I've personally dealt with over a dozen sales, customer service and "supervisors", all of which except one were completely incompetent. Cox may not be perfect but definitely better than the scammers at centurylink.
1	They have the absolute worse customer service ever!!!! They overcharge you all the time maybe in hopes that we don't notice and I didn't for a while. The people you speak to are so rude! They act like they are the only ones and we are lucky to use and pay for their service. My fiancee called and tried to cancel and again they were so rude. I will be canceling but today is Sunday. Go through another company they are horrible!! If I could give them no stars I would. I should have known though because when they were supposed to show up and set me up, they never showed, not just once but twice!
1	Went into the store a week ago and there was only one person working. The other person was on lunch. I had to wait 15 minutes for service. People kept coming in for service and the sales lady would turn her attention from me to them. She would stop helping me and help them. Not a good first impression when you are signing up as a new customer.Then I get a call two days after signing up for Internet and prism that service will be delayed for at least two weeks while engineers do some work in the area. Shouldn't you have known this before. Don't tell me one date and then change it for an issue/condition that you already knew about.Worried I made the wrong decision here.
5	Being a first-time customer of CenturyLink (bundled with DirectTV) I found myself incredibly frustrated being caught in the middle of miscommunications between the two companies.  Having received no constructive help from either organizations' help lines I called this retail outlet out of desperation -- there I had the priveledge of speaking with Jackie (whose name I may be misspelling) .  She was incredibly patient, strove to understand my needs & concerns, and went above and beyond to find a solution to my problem.  Big thanks to Jackie and her mgmt team for providing truly world class service.
2	High pressure sales tactics and an average product. It was funny to listen to the guy tell me how much better their solution was that my current one and then try to justify why it was going to cost almost twice as much for approximately 1/2 the channels. I think I will stick with DISH.... however, I would use them over COX.
4	I'm not one to like sales stores where they try to upsell you every single package under the sun.  However, I went there with some specific questions about the packages I was looking at getting and they were ready and able to answer all of my questions.It's fairly spacious and there's usually two associates that are working the floor at any given time.  They know about all of the Centurylink products that are available and they'll also try to save you money by asking about whether or not you had referrals to them.As with any subscription service, always ask about what you'll be paying after promotional rates.  I notice with almost all sales offices that they do not share this information unless you ask.  However, Centurylink was good enough to even do the calculations on about how much my monthlies were going to be when I asked about it and wrote it out for me.  That was definitely easy in-out service.
1	CenturyLink is the epitome of the kind of company I avoid giving my business.  I signed up for CenturyLink prism and internet for a promotional price in exchange for agreeing to a 1 year contract.  It wasn't until installation they told me that I would not be able to get more than 1 HD station at a time because of my location.  This was after I made a 1 year commitment.  The internet was very flakey.  Over the 1 year I spent as a customer, the internet went down on average about once a month.  Almost every time I called there was an automated message informing me that my area was being upgraded and I should expect internet outages.  Do they really expect me to believe they did major upgrades that many times in a single year, and really they just can't keep their network from crumbling on a monthly basis?  The one time my internet was down and it wasn't because of "upgrades", the problem turned out one of their installers unplugged me at the central box while installing another customer.  They did not offer me a credit or any other compensation for my outage caused by their tech.Over my 1 year contract, the price the sales person guaranteed me during the sale only lasted a few months before I started seeing small increases.  Every month or two it seemed my bill would go up by a small amount, and by the end of the year my bill was a good 20% more than the promised price.At the end of my 1 year, I cancelled my service.  I paid a pro-rated bill for my last month and was happy I was done with this horrible company for good.  NOT SO FAST!!I received a bill in the mail for 17.32 for a "service order charge".  I called to inquire and was told that it was because they had to send a tech to their central box to turn off my service.  I'm not sure why I have to pay for that, and I doubt it is actually true.  I asked the service representative if such a charge is approved with the public utilities commission.  She said that it is, but I think i'm going to contact them anyway to make sure before I pay the bill.  They really have the nerve to charge me $17.32 to turn off my service?!?!?! I guess they know how bad their service is, and that customers that leave are never coming back.
1	Went with Century Link after being frustrated with Cox,  and it's not much better at all.  Actually, its about 10x worse in terms of reliability.  Customer service always tries though, but it's pointless now.  Garbage equipment, and I've wanted to write this review for a week but my crappy internet service prevented me from doing so.   Will attempt Direct TV for cable, not sure what to do about internet.
1	Terrible Internet service. Terrible customer service. The automated phone service will have you transferred back and forth between different departments until you want to rip your hair out, or hang up on you. In stores isn't much better- terrible customer service with flat out combative and confrontational staff if you have a complaint or problem. Find service elsewhere!!!
1	I do not have service with them (and judging by the reviews, thank God). One of their sales guys came by my house selling internet service. Being a good sport, I gave him my time and let him in my house, along with his partner, a female. So his initial sales pitch was good....internet was cheaper and dedicated lines meant better quality. Decent enough, I guess. Then he started filling out paperwork without me giving him a definite yes. He even got on the phone to start service. Then his demeanor changed once i asked about VoIP, since I have it with my existing Cox service. It was like he knew pricing was going to kill his sale. Pricing for service and VoIP put it at about the same price as my current service. He got off the phone before signing me up, looked at his partner, and said, "I don't believe this." Then he tried to up sell me while ripping up the new installation form. Defeated, the guy got up and left with a fake smile and a "Have a nice day."Listen, when you talk to someone, don't automatically assume that they're absolutely clueless. I worked in the VoIP field for years. He was name dropping companies and acted like I was stupid for not knowing them. The guy seemed nice, but the second I started to question what he was selling, he had this slight attitude because he felt like he was losing his sale.Learn a little bit of etiquette before trying to reach into my pocket.
1	I'm new to the area and decided to go with this company for my internet, however after only a couple weeks I have discovered that this was a BIG mistake. First of all when I was signing up for service I was asked a bunch of questions such as "Do you stream Netflix?" "Do you download music?" To which I said yes I do so they told me what speed internet I would need and I decided to go with the fastest internet speed they provide and I was told it would definitely be fast enough to do everything I wanted to do. After a couple weeks of using it I have found that only one person at a time can do anything on the internet because it is way to slow and we can not stream Netflix, it just sits there spinning it's wheels. So I called customer service and the first person I talked to transferred me to someone else when he decided he didn't want to deal with the problem. The second person I talked to actually tried to tell me that wireless internet is new technology and they have not figured out how to use it without having interruptions in the signals. I actually had to laugh and told her that wireless technology has been around for at least 10 years and that I've been using wireless internet in California for almost as long. Then she told me that the only way to get the proper internet speed would be for me to keep my computer directly plugged into the modem and that I will not be able to stream Netflix on my TV, she also said that they can not guarantee internet speed on wireless. So I asked "so are you telling me that I'm paying for a service that I can not use?" And believe it or not she actually said "yes" then offered to transfer me to someone who could cancel my service. Absolutely unbelievable.
1	They don't even deserve 1 star. This business is shady and no one should do business with them. I called at 5pm last night to inquire about Internet prices. I was quoted a great price and ordered service. I was told it would be installed at 5:30pm the following day. After speaking with a few people who said horrible things about Century Link I changed my mind. I called 3 times to cancel the install but was put on long holds. I ended up going to the store right after work to cancel and was told that the installation was already done and that if I get a bill I'll have to call to see if the cancelation fee could be waived. I'm so furious with this company and want to warn all consumers to stay away from Century Link! They are bad business and liars!
5	It's a shame that I see most reviews written here about CenturylLink service they have received through the 800 number provided instead of going into a CenturyLink sales store and speaking face to face with a sales consultant. My experience with ALL cable providers are they raise their rates after promotional periods and this is why we switch to other carriers. I am going on my 3rd year with CenturyLink due to not only product satisfaction but customer satisfaction. I just visited the sales store after being on the phone with CenturyLink yesterday for a 1/2 hour and the sales representative did NOTHING to help me but after 10 minutes here Jackie just not only helped me from my rates being increased but upgraded my service and lowered my rates. It pays to go into the CenturyLink sales stores and talk to a representative one on one and save money. It's very sad to see all the negative posts about CenturyLink on a sales store location vs places they should be. I apologize to those who are having such horrible service, perhaps you should stop by your neighborhood sales store.
1	Signing a century link contract is like throwing money down the toilet. They have the most ignorant disrespectful employees that I have ever dealt with and have shut off my service randomly multiple times for absolutely no reason. Working on immediately canceling my service with them.
1	So far I am not seeing a better solution than Cox Communications.  Step it up CenturyLink.
1	OMG I've never had this happen to me before. Moved here, to SW LV from out of state; they sounded good and I set an installation appt. up with them for a certain time frame on a certain date. No one ever showed up. I had stuff to do and so kept checking with the office, and they kept saying "Oh, he had a small delay, he'll be there in an half and hour," etc. Seriously I got a different story (that I believed) every time I called. The they started to get really unprofessional; there was no supervisor ( they said they would transfer me to one and it turned out to be the person I had talked to on the previous call...) and then, as it got to time to go home for them - meanwhile I'm still waiting and hoping to get on the internet after a long ass trip - they actually got to the point where they hung up on me. And trust me, I was not overly combative. I can be, and I wasn't. They were like high school kids going... whatever.Ok, so no one ever shows up. The next morning I happened to call the office at the apt. complex I'm living at before I called Century Link, and they told me they had a bit of a deal with Cox. So, I gave permission for Cox to contact me, and he did, very quickly, efficiently, and somehow I got an incredible rate. So.. that was a day or two down the road. But back to Century Link. I called them to give them a piece of my mind about how I wasted an entire day, was mistreated, etc., only to be told that their system showed I HAD RECEIVED INTERNET SERVICE FROM THEM AS PROMISED. They said "maybe he did everything outside." Well, I was like I have no service, no modem, no person ever showing, no NOTHING. They told me I then had to go through the process of actually using their "how ever many days, I forget, guarantee of satisfaction" or I'd be charged like $200. I didn't want to hassle canceling something that never happened but they said too bad, so I did.So far I've lived here about six months and am still getting bills from them! I've called; I certainly don't want this bogus thing to go to collections you may or may not know now that IS. I think I may have finally found someone who might be able to stop the bills. It does show I cancelled my imaginary service within the proper amount of time but whatever. If I were considering internet service or anything in Vegas, I would run LIKE HELL from these people. Just saying, but I've talked to enough of them to know they're are unprofessional to the point of absurdity.
