3	Yayo, Yayo ... I guess owner had a great idea to create a hip looking place where college kids can have few tacos for lunch and few beers for dinner :) but ... I stopped by for a late lunch and decided to try their 4 taco combo.I ordered 2 regular and 2 of their 'fusion' style tacos.- 3 out 4: meat was too dry (4th was a fish taco)- rice ...it shouldn't look like a porridge!- tacos ARE small. For this price ($1.50-$2) I get tacos twice as big at my regular taqueria.Bottom line: Place looks cool inside but unless they figure out how to cook stuff right - I'm not coming back.
4	Ate here for the first time for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Good food at reasonable prices in a fun atmosphere. Not your typical tex mex, more baja style as the other review mentioned. I know others said the owner is a pest but I appreciated him checking in. Showed that he took pride in his joint. Will come back one evening to check out the live music and extensive beer and tequila menu.
3	The tacos suck but their pollo nachos are good. Pastor taco is good. Haven't tried anything else. Service sucks. Waited for thirtyfive minutes for four tacos that sucked. Def coming back for nachos though. We also stumbled in for a band. Hollyfelds? They kicked ass and now I'm a fan.I want to try tofu tacos next time.
4	I liked this place... reasons. The cashier had a dry sense of humor.You can fill up on a couple of bucks.The food seems fresh.When you ask for hot sauce, they hand you a 2 oz cup a of a homemade habenaro sauce. it's hella hot!for the beer drinkers, they seemed to have had a rather large collection to choose from.The wood tables. i don't know. they give the place character.good job yayo!
4	Been going here after meetings at school since it opened couple year ago and this place is still the business. Theres great food holla at the carne asada nahos boommb.. great beer/tequila selections $5 buckets of corona whaaat? great atmosphere the wooden benches are a nice touch. hot sauce is legit! it's a 2oz shot of homemade habanero sauce, handle with care! location is great right across the street from the Union and most of all theres great ownership. ron really takes pride in his small business and it definitely shows. I've also watched UFC fights, seen live bands play, open mic nights, comedy nights, hiphop nights, and theres parties also. Bring $10 MAX and you friend just had a great time.
4	YaYo YaYo how could I not have Yelped about you earlier? You are still a quirky little place I fell in love with 3 years ago with a great selection of tacos and drinks. Very laid back. Not your typical taco shop.
3	2011 updateStill a great place to start an evening. But I honestly feel the Vibe has been eaten by 15 year old punk rock homeless youth. Ladies Night is still a great idea. And as far as location its Ideal. But the food is not for me, maybe I've had it too much, it seams inconsistant. But a great place still to drop by for a bucket of beers.***old review***I have to put in a good word for my favorite bar that's actually a bar at all, but rather a cantina. Two happy hours every day from 5 to 7 and 10 to 11 make this place both laid back and dangerous. Their motto should be 'anything goes' as they have long put up with all types of drunken debauchery. The patio is great for long summer nights and the wood tables are free game for any would be artists. Also, one of the greatest pleasures in life is swaying in the hammock with a bucket of beer in easy reach. The beer selection consists of cheep domestics, many American Craft beers and a smattering of fine imports. Also the food makes for perfect fuel to power through a night of intoxication, I recommend the carnitas, vegitarian tofu or bombbay tacos.
5	YaYo. Fun to dine, fun to drink, fun to say.The carnitas is the best.  It's braised all day like it should be. The owner told me the Clinton campaign people used to come in when they were in town for the primaries in 2008, because their headquarters were nearby; they would all order the carnitas until it was gone, because they heart it so much.Also, the quinoa salad and tortilla chips are my favorite sides to get.  Yayo's must be the only cheap place where you can order quinoa right now.
2	Saw a bunch of reviews of Yayo Taco, both good and bad, and decided to stop in and and experience this place for myself.  There are student specials there and being that me and my fiance are students, we took advantage of the deals.  I also heard from a few friends that the vegetarian/vegan tacos were pretty good and decided to try those as well.  The cashier (who also doubled as the owner/manager?) had really dry humor and pined himself on being a smart-ass, which I really didn't mind too much at first.  After placing our order, we sat down and waited for our food.  The food took a little over 20 minutes to come out so luckily I wasn't too hungry haha!  The regular tacos (I had vegetarian ones and a fish one as well) were actually pretty good but the vegan taco I has was less than alright (I tried the 'adobo' vegan taco to be specific..just didn't taste right).  The smart-ass manager kept pestering us while we ate as well and started using obscenities to supplement his sarcasm.  Now, had I been by myself, I wouldn't have minded it too much and probably would have joined in on the sarcasm.  But, he started cursing at my fiance and told her to "sit your ass down and stop f&*%ing moving around damnit" when she went to switch seats on our table to get out of the sunlight.  What's up with that?  Sure we're students, but jesting us with condescending quips all night isn't really what we wanted to hear especially when we we nowhere near rude or sarcastic.  Definitely didn't appreciate the vulgarities and talking that way probably is the reason why there was no one there (on a friday night nonetheless).  The food was pretty good and I appreciated the student special, but being told 'F%$k you' all night long, even if it was a stale attempt at humor, definitely weaned away my chances from returning to eat there again.   2 stars for the good food and the less-than-welcoming attitude.
5	Live music. Over 100 different kinds of tequila. Killer beer selection with prices that beat the Frog. Awesome frakkin tacos and chili. Its all at Yayo Taco across from the university! Its the best place you either haven't been to yet or haven't gone to enough! Diversity is the theme and it works all day everyday (except most sundays of course).
4	The bf came here first and brought me in a couple nights later to try some stuff out. A cool spot to chill and get a bucket of beer or tequila- we just ordered a few tacos and people watched. This place reminded me of a lot of cool hangouts in California next to the beach.The tacos range in price from 1.50 to 2 bucks each, I ordered 3. One was the Bombay which is a sweet curry flavored filling. The other was called shanghai- beef with black bean sauce and some Asian slaw. The last was the ranchero- a BBQ pork and bean taco. All were good and easy to eat, although the quality of the beef in the shanghai taco was not as great as the others for some reason. We were very full after those tacos so I can't imagine eating a whole student special which is 4 tacos, rice, and beans. Good deal for some different types of tacos. Management is pretty kick back, I would assume you have to be if your taco shop is across from a college campus.
1	I've given this place so many chances and it always lets me down. The place looks cool and the live music is great.. but the food blows! They need to revise the menu and focus on a few menu items and actually give them some flavor. The food always takes way too long ( Tacos should not take longer than 15 minutes) and they are always COLD.YAYO BLOWS!
2	Yayo, your ideas are excellent. But after a few more visits I've determined you are really hit or miss. Go for a bucket of beer and chill out to some music. The owner makes it a point to host local music artists so I can dig that. I'm just really not a fan food-wise. Great vegetarian options, but I am not a vegetarian and have ordered a few different tacos; some were mediocre others I will stay far away from. I also ordered the carne asada fries and the fries were soggy, and overall re-warmed tasting. I have the same problem with the meat, not so fresh. I really want to love yayo's food just as much as I love the intention and atmosphere and booze selection, but I just can't bring myself to continue exploring the menu.
5	This place is so much fun and laid-back, I absolutely adore it. You feel like you're actually in another country for awhile. The decor totally sets the mood with the wooden benches and tables that have writing all over them. Very fun. But the food at a practical steal is why I always keep coming back here. During happy hour for UNLV/CSN students from 5-7 PM and 10-11 PM, you can get 4 classic tacos, 2 sides, and a can of soda for $5. Otherwise, this combo is $7.25 which is still a great deal because by the end of your meal they should guarantee that your button will pop off your pants or you get it free. I didn't even finish one of my tacos and I still felt like I wanted to die, but in a good way. I am getting full just thinking about it.I went with my boyfriend who also got the combo, his with meat and I went veg of course. I got three veggie tacos off of the classic menu, and then paid 50 cents extra for my last taco to be a Tofu Adobo taco. Unfortunately I can't tell you what was in the latter taco because I devoured it so damn fast. But the other veggie tacos are always made fresh and to perfection. Onion, peppers, zucchini with some crazy orange sauce that gives it a little kick. SO good. Unfortunately my sweet potato fries were a bit lacking on this visit, but the black beans with onion and garlic are always delicious. As I was perusing the menu with my honey, I noticed that they had something amazing at the bottom: homemade flan. I grew up on my grandfather's flan so I had to have it. Let's just say this wasn't my grandpa's flan. It had seeds on the top, and came with chips. Strange, but it was love at first bite. Order that with a Mexican Coke and you will have sugar rush like no other. You'll also probably want to throw up in the parking lot for the amount of food eaten, but I tell you it will be worth it. This place is very casual, the service is always good, and the food is beyond delicious. Of course sometimes the tacos are hit or miss, so I suggest to get 4 completely different ones with your meal and see which ones you like. But this place gets 5 stars because it's a comfortable experience at a great price, you get a ton of good (veg*n friendly!) food and hell - they recycle! Come in on a night when they have live bands playing and it is a total blast.
4	This is one of the few places that I've found in the UNLV area that has decent vegan options.  They have 4 tacos that can be made vegan (ask for the tofu ones w/ out the crema sauces), and these toppings can also be put into a burrito.  They have several vegan side items (black beans, plantain chips-YUM, sweet potato fries, and even a quinoa salad).  If you're a UNLV student/staff member, the 4 tacos, 2 sides + drink for $5 is an awesome deal.  For the omnivores, the nachos look like a super deal -- a giant pile of chips and goodies for like $4.50.  Beware on the vegan tacos -- these can be SUPER greasy sometimes. Still tasty, but a little gross.  They also have a huge selection of microbrews and high gravity beers in addition to a large selection of tequilas.
3	Kind of a local version of the Pink Taco. Gourmet take on the taco shop with a large tequila and beer selection. Would give it four stars but the food prep takes way too long especially for someone in for a quick lunch.
3	This place opened right around the time that the House of Brews shut down. So the UNLV Allstars came here and started things off with some beer called 1776 (I think). Anyhow, I found it odd the owners let us write on the walls in marker and whatever we had available (blood?) But whatever. They have some pretty good tacos though. I thinkt he place is usually a little pricey. But, if you're looking for beer, somewhere to sit, and relax a little, this is the place.
3	Wow am I efficient or what? I literally just got back from lunch at Yayo today and am already here typing my notes up! I am quite proud of myself. So I decided to try this place out the moment I read reviews about it having TOFU TACOS. Not one or two but THREE tofu tacos on their menu. Now, tofu on anything is my weakness. I just adore tofu...soft, firm, fried, baked...ANYWAY....some people may gag at the mere mention of tofu but I salivate. The fact that Yayos had tofu tacos was enough to make me drive 30 min in the 110 degree weather on a weekday for my tofu fix. From this lengthy introduction you can tell that I REALLY wanted to like Yayo. I went with 2 friends (one veggie and one omnivore). All of us ordered the special : 4 tacos, 2 sides and a drink for $8 ($5 for UNLV card holders and $.50 extra per specialty taco...the tofu tacos are specialty tacos). My plate came with:1. Tofu Nuez Taco (x2)2. Tofu Adobo Taco3. Tofu Fuma TacoGeneral consensus on tacos: I don't like corn tortillas and these guys don't have an option of flour. So I concentrated on eating the insides. The sauces were pretty good and the tofu seemed like fried tofu puffs. It was actually good. My only complaints are that the quantity of tofu was pretty small and all the tacos tasted pretty much the same. So I had 4 tacos that tasted like each other. 4. Sweet Potato Fries - seemed burnt. But I will devour all fries nevertheles5. Black Beans - Umm...not much to say. Tasted like black beans. The place itself was pretty cool - definitely geared towards the college crowd so it brought back some fun memories. The people at the counter were friendly. I'd probably come back again just because getting any sort of vegetarian Mexican food is pretty tough so I'm gonna take what I get. Yayo has the potential to be so much better. I don't mind if they charged me more to fill up the tacos a bit more and offered flour tortillas.
4	Vegas, Vegas, Vegas. At some point in the last 5 or 10 years with the growth of the food celebrity industry and everyone becoming acquainted with terms like truffle oil, amuse bouche, and chevre, Vegas became a hub for Michelin stars. Most of this of course happened along the strip in the newer, or newly remodeled, hotels, so when you go to Vegas you should expect to spend lots of money on gambling, bottle service, and restaurants in a ridiculously tiny stretch of land. That is why I was surprised that apparently there is good food to be had off the strip too, and in this particular instance, in a place called Yayo Taco.Ambiance (4): It's across from UNLV so its ramshackle environ is perfect for the location. It reminds me of a beach shack that you expect surfers to frequent, with lots of writing and graffiti on the walls and artsy items here and there that you expect to find in up and coming art districts frequented by hipsters. The no fuss shack setup compliments the simple yet great tacos.Food (4): I love true tacos. What do I consider true tacos? Five ingredients or less served in double small corn tortillas. No hard shells, no shredded cheddar. They had a selection of about a dozen tacos. Half were classics like carnitas while the others were more adventurous like green chicken curry or Texas bbq, which in fight were two of the ones I tried. The green chicken curry was especially good with a tamarind chutney that said ''hello old friend'' as I chomped down on it (I loved tamarind juice as a kid although I did not like the fruit itself). On the classics side I had carnitas and al pastor and they were great. Not as good as my favorite spot in San Francisco, but definitely good and all of the above tacos stuck to the five ingredient parameter. There are other items on the menu like quesadillas and burritos, but I did not try those and frankly, it'd be a waste to...unless you are one of those burrito fanatics I guess. The side dishes are ok and vary in quality. One day I had pretty good rice and the next day not so much. Skip the sides.To top it all off, Yayo has an impressive list of tequilas and beer. I am talking about what appeared to be like 100 beers easily. How they prevent the less popular ones from getting skunky, I have no clue. Maybe the UNLV students have a very varied palette and cycle through all the inventory in a timely manner. Bottomline: impressive drink selection.Service (4): Friendly and down to earth staff. You can order and sit down or sit down and order and either way they will come over to your table and be attentive to your needs.  Value (4): If you are an UNLV student you would be crazy not to eat here a few times a week. The price per taco is good and they have a good combo meal that will definitely fill you up with tacos and sides.Overall: This place is awesome for the value and the food (in that order). I was impressed and I am bound to go back next time I am in town for work and have a rental car at my disposal. I wish I had had a place like that back when I was in college; I would have consumed a lot less Lipton's Noodles & Sauce (99 cent special) and Pizza Hut Express breadsticks (1.49).
4	I like this place! Its a cute little dive joint thats open late (1am wed-sat) and sometimes has a band playing. A lot of UNLV students hang out here and it has a laid back easy going atmosphere.If there is a band it can be very loud inside but I like the picnic table seating outside anyways on nice summer nights.They have 4 vegetarian or vegan options... Plain veggies, veggies and tofu (Nuez), bbq style tofu (Fuma) and a wasabi type tofu.The first time we went we did the 4 taco special and tried all the vegetarian tacos. My favorite is the Fuma.We went again last week and I ordered a "veggie plate." Fuma tofu and veggies (just the filling, no corn tortilla), quinoa salad side and garlic onion pepper black bean side. It came out great all on a plate and was a good portion for me when Im trying to be low carb.My husband ordered the fuma style burrito and I snuck a bite (yummy!). He also got a Yayo snow ball which is a small ice cream ball rolled in yummy crispy ingredients. Its small... like a ping pong ball.The plantain chips and black bean dip is also good. The black bean dip is different from the garlic onion pepper black bean side. They add sugar and maybe something else cuz its sweet and more creamy.Lots of beer and tequila choices...And the prices are reasonable! Will be back :)
4	I went this Monday evening and it was a delight! This was my second time to this establishment Yayo Taco was offering FREE live jazz music to it's patrons. A excellent jazz quintet formed by UNLV alumni were showcasing their talent. It was superb! I have never seen such great talent. The musicians were engaging and amazing in their craft. This talent would give any generic Vegas jazz show a run for their money- easily, It is all free, every Monday night starting at 9pm. Bring your date or go with some friends. The wait staff are very friendly and caring. Miguel and his wife work the counter daily I discovered The food is a good value. For less than 8 dollars you can get a great meal of Tacos with sides and a fine Mexican beer or soda in a glass bottle. "Hecho en Mexico" This is a good value. I caution those who expect 5-star food ingredients in the preparation. The quality of the meats are fair, thus offering better than expected prices. Of course, if they used expensive ingredients, it would be more expensive to you! "Que viva Monday jazz nights en Yayo Taco!" The chips and salsa are cheap and delicious.
5	I like to refer to Cho, the owner and Chef, as my favorite anomaly. He's of Chinese descent, cooks Mexican Cuisine, and plays country music. He's likes for his spot to be incognito- and if you get there early enough, you'll have a chance to maybe take a shot of tequila with him!There is years of world-travelled-surfer, inspired food here. He's soaked up recipes from all over Indonesia and Australia as well many other countries and this knowledge and love for food truely shows up in his cooking.Weather it's the insane TOFU NUEZ tacos, which even a tofu hater will surley love or the CHICKEN MOLE tacos with 21 ingredients in the sauce alone, or the 100 different Tequilas and 100 species of brew...ANYTIME I'm on the east side...I make it a point to come here. To call it a taco shop is a gross understatement. Love this place.
3	This is a funky, college hangout that serves small, but very tasty street tacos. We shared a platter of pollo, carnitas and (2) pastor tacos.
2	The food wasn't too bad, the experience really wasn't that great though.  The nachos were pretty good, as were the carnitas tacos.  The pastor tacos were sort of blah, of course I ate all of them but I wouldn't order them again.  Maybe I'm making an unfair comparison, the last time I had tacos al pastor was in Mexico.We went to check out the happy hour, although the guy at the counter couldn't tell us what was going on for happy hour and couldn't tell us how much the beers were and didn't give us a receipt.  Seriously?  He was happy to take my $20 though.The place is tucked away behind Cafe Rio, you'd really have to be looking for it to notice it.  Most of the walls of covered in teenage scrawling similar to Rebel Pizza.  I think most would agree that it really looks like crap.  Even the seats are covered in marker, I wouldn't wear light colored pants if I were you.The best thing about Yayo?  The beer and tequila selection is extensive!
3	cheap, quick and the tacos are pretty alright.
3	This place is only open during certain hours, and the service is great, but the flavor for the tacos isn't all that great.  I've had better tacos, but if you're looking for a good price and you're a student.....then I guess you should check this place out.  Show your UNLV rebel card and get the student special for $5.67.  It comes with a drink, 2 sides, and four tacos.  The sides are delicious, but if you're considering the tacos get the beer battered shrimp sicilian style.  It's more flavorful than the others.
4	I had no idea yayo taco existed before today.  Too bad, I would have eaten many a lunch there, it's the perfect place for a quick tasty bite with much more diversity than your typical taco shop.  First, if you're a UNLV student or staff you have no excuse not to try yayo.  It's right by campus, and they have a $5 special now where you can get four tacos (pick and choose from their classic menu - add $0.50 each for the speciality tacos), plus two sides, plus a canned soda!  Holy crap, that's cheap!  And it's good...   If you're not a UNLV associate, prices are still affordable - 1.75 or 2.25 per taco plus some combination specials.I went the veggie route and tried the traditional veggie, the tofu adobo (wasabi cream and adobo sauce), the tofu fuma (barbecue veggie and tofu), and a fried fish taco (California style - with crema fresca, guac, and cabbage slaw).  When I return, I'd like to try other menu items, but I'm definitely repeating the veggie and the fish taco.  The veggie taco was actually my favorite.  Instead of the usual "veggie" mix of blandly sauteed bell peppers and onions they actually use peppers with flavor - woah.  I'm assuming the pepper strips were poblano peppers, or an equivalent, they have just a hint of heat with lots of flavor.  The taco is topped with a roasted pepper crema - yum... Others at my table agreed that most of the tofu tacos were kind of "meh".  Their ideas of the flavor blends have great potential, but the execution seems to be a bit off - too much sauce, not enough 'fu.  Still worth a try once because the flavors can be interesting.  For sides I got the quinoa salad - decent enough though a tad bland (I still appreciate that it's even on the menu), and the sweet potato fries (which were also "ok").  Next time I'm going for the plantain "chips" which are actually fresh pan fried plantains - I stole more than a couple off my friend's plate. YUM!As an earlier reviewer said - they do this authentic style, corn tortillas only.  If you want a flour tortilla for your taco - this is not the place for you.  Stop by and give this place a try!
4	This place exceeded my expectations. I've known about Yayo for the last couple years, and had seen a show or two there, but never had I eaten there. This changed about 3 weeks ago, when a friend of mine who had recently moved from Las Vegas came back for a visit and wanted to hit it up while she was in town. I've read the reviews about Yayo having some amazing Veg friendly tacos. Little did i know that the ones I had would blow my mind. I had the UNLV lunch special ($5.00 with four tacos,two sides and a drink !?!) I had the only veggie tacos on the special menu, but thoroughly enjoyed them. I had a side of black beans and chips. The corn tortillas were perfect, not greasy at all. The veggies were cooked very well, and the sauce was a nice topping to the tacos. I always knew this place was good for a show, but now I have one more great, cheap lunch spot. I also want to come back as they had a pretty decent beer selection with a variety of micros and imports that I've not seen many places.
4	Sometimes being pescetarian sucks when you are out drinking and need that lil something that could be the defining line between sobering up and making it home with both shoes and dignity, or, well..not. This place is great, happy hour dollar beers and great shrimp tacos...love!!Maybe it is just Wednesday night but I did not see anyone there old enough to drink, so this isn't a bar is it? The ratio of guys to girls was 11:1. Usually I'd be all over that if it didn't include a statutory rape case. Other than that I want to go back here like now. I definitely think I will be a regular here!
4	The food is awesome here, we booked shows here many times and that is what drew me there. The carnasada burrito is huge and they have one of the largest selections of tequila I have ever seen. My only complaint is not the food, it is only that we have to supply our own sound man(: "PAN"
5	For reasons I can't repeat that have nothing to do with the food, YAYO is AMAZING.
3	We each ordered a pair of al pastor tacos topped with cilantro, pineapple and onion with a squeeze of lime plus taco chips and black beans. The weather was so pleasant we ended up dining on the patio.  I would rate our meal 3.5 Stars.
3	3.5 stars. Yayo Taco is more than just your average taqueria, and it's another reason to venture outside the student union when it comes to dining. The vibe definitely caters to the college and happy hour crowd. They have an awesome UNLV and CSN special: 4 classic tacos, 2 sides, and a drink for $5. Their list of beers and tequila is surprisingly quite long. A perfect pair with these delicious tacos. I liked that it had fusion tacos that was influenced by different cultures. My personal favorite is the Bombay taco. It's a roasted chicken taco with green curry and mint. If you have a sense of trepidation, no fear, they have the usual carne asada, pollo, carnitas, and fish tacos. Vegetarians are catered as well, offering veggie and tofu tacos. So you can totally bring your hippie-Trader Joe loving friend.Downside? I hate to say it, but their sides disappointed me. I liked that they offered different side dishes such as salad and quinoa, but my sweet potato fries were thin and overcooked. My quinoa salad was tasty and had good texture, but it saddened me that the portion was kinda small. I should have stuck to beans and chips. Wait time kinda felt long: 25 minutes. It was probably because of the family ahead of me ordered a feast.Interior decor might cause split opinion. It doesn't have that slick and shiny look of Chipotle, but it has character, which I totally appreciate. The people working were very friendly and offered me their special hot sauce, which did not disappoint. One of the workers, Alejandro, was very cool. He told me about jazz nights and let me take some menus.(Which I will post). Nice staff (called me by my first name) and good tacos made me a fan. Now only if they improved those sweet potato fries.
2	Like approaching the gorgeous woman across the bar, only to learn she smells like body odor and Doritos.Like buying the vacation package that looked perfect online, just to find your "luxury cruise" is really a mattress on the floor of a fishing barge. Like buying a car off Craigslist, driving it 2 blocks and having all four wheels fall off.Such is Yayo Taco, looking mighty good up front and turning out to be something completely different in the end. Do you know how excited I was to hear they had a slew of vegetarian/vegan tacos? I guess no, you wouldn't know how excited I was so I'll tell you: SUPER FUCKING EXCITED. We went here on purpose a few miles from our hotel just to rock their veggie tacos. Multiple tofu options, from BBQ to veggie and tofu, different sauces... promising stuff. They looked amazing on paper and when they got in front of me on the plate I almost freaked out they looked so good. I was buzzed, 'tis Vegas after all, and when I saw that sexy plate'o'tacos I got ready to regulate. Booze and tacos man, best there is.So I took a bite. And another bite. One more bite just to confirm, and yea, totally boring. Waaaaay boring. Ultra-mega-super-compound-massive boring. Hopefully I made that clear enough, BORING. So I ate all three of my tacos, each one different, each one differently boring. Finding food boring when you're drunk is hard to do which makes me even more sad.Maybe the meat ones are the shit, I dunno, but I can 100% vouch that the vegan options are not. One extra star because the lady working the counter was sweet and also simply for having some vegetarian/vegan items in the first place. They were healthy and had very fresh ingredients, just a damn shame the tacos had no flavor. *sigh*
4	I'm Vegan and my girlfriend isn't. We were able to order easily off of the menu AND absolutely L-O-V-E-D the tacos. The plantain chips were good and I was grateful they weren't already salted.The beer and spirits menu was infinite. I must go back to try some. Great prices for the quality and flavor. The atmosphere is young, fun and LOUD so don't go here unless you're ok almost shouting at each other indoors.I recommend #13 Tofu Nuez on the menu...DIVINE!
3	Great food and margarita as noted by others. Super slow service - got our margaritas after our food was already out! Great prices, I'd consider going there again if I was near UNLV.
5	I've been to Yayo taco twice and they have yet to disappoint!  If you are brave and love flavor... take your pick off the loco taco list.  Amazing fusion of flavors in a small street taco!  Affordable and Delicious!  The Sicilian is my new favorite!
5	Yayo is amazing. The food is good and the vibe is awesome. Its really a college student hangout. If you don't like the live music which is on often, take your food to go. There is no reason for you being here obviously so just take your grub to go. Most of the shows are local underground shows, and they often play a lot of punk stuff too, so the selection isn't really to most peoples taste. But I love it.
4	Since my last review, I've been here quite often, so much that they know me on a first name basis. Which I kind of admire, because rarely (especially in Vegas) do I find owners make that effort. That deserves some recognition, right? That aside, I must say, their veggie taco has improved. No longer are the veggies slathered in oil, but it's sauteed enough to keep it firm and tasty. And it's topped with this curry like sauce, which is delicious. They offer plenty of outdoor seating when weather permits. So if you're near or at UNLV, make that trek, stop in, listen to great music, and enjoy a taco and brewski (preferably Sierra Nevada Pale Ale).
5	The food here is great, a blend of Mexican dishes with spices from all over the world.  I get the taco combo special with 4 tacos and 2 side dishes.  The sides are just as great as the main dishes with plantain chips and sweet potato fries being my favorites.  They also have a lot of vegetarian and vegan friendly dishes if that's your thing.  Don't forget the huge selection of micro brews and tequilas!
4	good beer!!food meh!?awesome beer selection.Sicilian tacos are the best ive had on their menu so far.
2	My husband and I stopped for the Adopt A Rescue Pet Bullies and Brews fund raising event that was being hosted at Yayo Taco. I was excited about getting to try out a new place to eat while also getting to help animals in need. Sadly, Yayo Taco isn't on my list of places to hurry back to... The guy that took our order could have used an attitude adjustment. I get it, you are working on a Saturday, sucks to be you..  Still would be nice if you smiled and perhaps offered us glasses for the beers we just ordered... Or at the very least not acted like you were doing us a favor by getting them when requested. The person that brought out our food was much more pleasant. My husband ordered the chicken burrito, I went with 2 carne asada tacos, and two sides... People that know my eating habits know I loveloveLOVE sweet potatoes in almost any form, particularly sweet potato fries. So the sweet potato fries were a must try, and I also had an order of plantain chips. I am spoiled when it comes to carne asada and while these tacos were ok, I have certainly had a lot better. The meat was cut into large chunks and it was a lot wetter then I am used to but there was a lot of it for the size of the tacos. A couple pieces had more fat/gristle then I like to eat. My sweet potato fries were disappointing, super thin and burnt tasting. The plantain chips were the highlight of my meal, so good I was tempted to get a second serving.My husband only ate about half of his burrito, mainly because he was starving. The veggies in his burrito were tasty but the overly sweet chicken seasoning ruined it for him. Perhaps he would have been happier with something else on the menu? If I was a student at UNLV I would probably give Yayo Taco another shot and try some different items off the menu... The prices were quite reasonable and the selection of beers was great. I can't see myself driving across town for these tacos again though, unless of course there is another dog rescue fund raiser being held here...
3	I've been going to UNLV for four years, and have never once tried this place. Finally, a friend of mine told me he was performing there so I decided to give it a try. I was excited when I first walked in because of their awesome student special. $5 gets you four tacos, 2 sides, & a drink. It's a great deal and fills your tummy enough so you aren't longing for more food. The taste of the tacos, however, didn't live up to expectations. The tacos were mediocre. They have a pretty extensive beer selection which made me happy. The prices on those beers however were overpriced. I understand paying more for beers that most other places don't carry, but I thought their prices were a little too steep. They have local singers and what not play there, so if you go on a good night - you at least get some free entertainment with your meal.
3	This place is alright.  While the 5 dollar student special is certainly a good deal for the amount of food you get, this is a case where it's quantity over quality.  The tacos are okay.  The fish taco and the shrimp tacos are good (which, btw, is a problem, since they charge you more to have these items, defeating the point of the student special), but I've tried so very hard to like the carne asada and the various chicken tacos they have on their menu, and I just am not into it.  The sauces that they use for both their carne asada and their chicken tacos is kinda nasty.  The steak is generally greasy, and there's just something off about it.  I always tell them easy on the sauce now, which makes it better, but they are definitely not my favorite tacos.Their sides are pretty good.  I like their black beans and the rice.  Their fries are also good.  However, their sweet potato fries are freakin' nasty.  And I've gone there several times to be told that the rice "isn't ready".  Who the hell has a taco place and doesn't have rice?!?  Really, people.  Plus, if it's lunchtime, your rice should probably be ready.Howeverrrr.... All of this said, I'm kind of squeamish about eating there now, since this place was on dirty dining somewhat recently.  :-/
4	$1 beer for the ladies on Wednesday...can't beat that!  The nachos are the best I've had in Vegas!  Smoking outside only.  The chairs are not particularly comfortable, but with drop down roll shades, it's a pleasant outdoor area, especially if cruising with a pooch.  The decor is pretty cool and I dig the genderless and spacious bathrooms.  Only draw back: the place is a magnet for hipsters.  You definitely have to make room for the hairdos and shoe gazers, which for some may actually be a plus!
2	I really wanted to like this place...they have great prices, it's close to campus and where I live, It can be fun place to get some beers, BUT the food sucked! I ordered the student special with tacos, sweet potato fries, and black beans. To put it simply, everything lacked flavor, the tacos were very inauthentic, overdressed with sauces and sour cream to hide the blandness of the protein. Surprisingly even the fries and beans sucked. I gave it an extra star because it's a decent watering hole for some late night cervezas.
3	Yayo Taco needs an intervention....As someone else has already said, "I really wanted to like this place."The amazing decor reminiscent of an open air snack shack on a tijuana beach, the counter style service, the PRICES, the great background music selection, the LIVE music, the beer selection...I could keep going. If these were the only factors this would be my go to spot any time I was in the UNLV neighborhood.But...The food...This is a classic example of a place trying to do too much with a simple concept, and doing it poorly.The $5 student combo is one of the best food values in all of vegas.4 tacos 2 sides & a drink. Unfortunately I couldn't finish a single taco. I wanted to get a nice sampling so I got 4 different tacos and after a single bit of each I kept hoping the next would be better. But it wasn't.They have great intent but poor executionThe tacos are small but LOADED with meat, but the meet is in large chunks that aren't really conducive to tacos, the seasoning and sauces are poured onto the meat rather than slow cooked into the meat, and there is just too much going on with each item and there is no balance.Ask anyone who knows me...for me to not finish a taco there has to be something very wrong with it.Also, a warning, the drink that comes with the meal is a can of soda...so don't drink too much of it if you decide to sample the habanero hot sauce on the tacos.My advice:GoDrinkHang OutListen to Musicbut skip the food.
3	As a UNLV student, this place has one of the best deals around. 5 tacos, 2 sides and a drink for $5, and the tacos are really good.  They are traditional street tacos, so on the smaller side, but they don't skimp you on the meat.  It's a fun place to go with friends, get a bucket of beers, and sit around and chat.  It's order at the counter, and they'll call your number when your food is ready.  I think that they also have either live music or a DJ on some nights, usually Latin themed, shocking, I know...
5	Beer selection amazing. One of the best dive bars in vegas see for yourself. Carnitas tacos a 10!
4	YAY for YAYO!!!  What a fantastic surprise this place was.  Totally laid back atmosphere, great seating options inside & out and friendly staff.  I have only been here once but am planning on going back on Friday.  Mmm Mmmm so good!  They have some really interesting Taco choices from the #10 which is a chicken curry taco...( It was SO GOOD!)! the Fish Tacos, Shrimp, Tofu, Veggie, they have one with a spicy peanut sauce... the options were aplenty! I cant wait to go back!  Super easy on your wallet too!!  Definitely worth a stop in.  This is not fine dining by any stretch of the imagination but this is just good food at a great price with a great selection.  And I was REALLY surprised at how much meat was in the tacos.  They truly dont skimp! The Quinoa is a yummy side dish as well as the black beans.  My daughter had the sweet potato fries and loved them too!  My one word of caution would be not to go here expecting your traditional Carne Asada or Chicken Taco's.  I was really surprised by my carne asada taco as it seemed more like a roasted beef or pulled beef taco than the steak I am used to.  It was still good, just not what I was expecting.  Just come expecting to try something different in a graffiti saturated super chill place.  I only wish it were closer to home!
5	Awesome atmosphere, great people and unique and delicious food are why this is one of my favorites. Throw in the taco special, live music and the fact you can bring your pup and this place is as perfect as it gets in Vegas. Closed Sundays btw...but that's OK cause they deserve a break!
4	Good evening my fellow yelpers!It has been a while and I've had many good eats within the time that I've been away and now it's time to clean out my backlog of unfinished reviews so let's cut straight to the chase shall we?One of the best places to eat in the UNLV area goes by the name of Yayo Taco. It is walking distance from the student union and everything they have to offer is affordable in terms of a college student's budget.The venue is a pretty chill place. It definitely has that hole in the wall feel and there's no mistaking that this is a locals joint because it has that family feel to it when you're just hanging out. Yayo holds frequent events and they have local bands come out to play in the venue and they're always a blast but the best thing about this place is that they cater to the students.Yayo is best known for having a student deal available not only to the students of UNLV, but to the students of CSN as well. This deal includes your choice of 2 sides, 4 tacos classicos, and a drink. There are quite a few sides but I like to get sweet potato fries and a side of nachos. They have a great variety of tacos and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the beer battered camarrones (shrimp) tacos. SOOOO GOOD. One more little perk about Yayo is their wide selection of beer.. and they have a WIDE selection.Overall Yayo Taco is a must for any UNLV student looking to grab a bite to eat while keeping your wallet alive. As for the out of townies.. if you're visiting a UNLV buddy.. go here.. if not.. LOCALS ONLY! :P
4	It's hard for me whether to give this place three or four stars. My coworker's son had their band play here the night I was there. Upon first impression I wasn't entirely impressed, and to be honest the music really wasn't my scene. However, you can't beat what you get for the student special they have: your choice of 4 tacos (you can pick through items 1-5 on the menu), two sides (there's a good list of them), and drink (and the best part is tequila, margaritas, and beer is also added to this!!!)I had the veggie tacos with rice, chips and salsa, and beer for my meal. The veggie tacos are actually pretty decent for what you get. The chips and salsa were a little small than usual, and the rice was A-OK. I enjoyed having my beer be part of the bill with my meal, which was $7 in total for *everything* I got (and honestly you really can't beat a deal like that). Did I mention they have a ridiculous selection of beers to choose from?! For a little hole in the wall taco shop like this, you're going to be caught off guard with how many selections they have!While I found this place to be four stars at best (maybe even 3.5 if there was an option), I have to say the music scene here is 3 stars at best. I think its because the music is not really my scene (high school ska-ish rock), but I'll have to swing by here before the bands are headlining to enjoy the student special a little more.
4	I live around the corner, so Yayo is one of our frequent walk-to places.  I would have said the artisan tacos are 3-4 stars, but I recently discovered the nachos - which rocketed my rating up to 5 stars.  The chips stay crunchy and look like they're made in-house instead of dumped from a bag.  Ground beef #2 is my favorite!Two things annoy me however ... When I asked what comes on the $4.50 nachos, the cashier listed of a ton of stuff (cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, rice, guac, black or pinto beans, and your choice of taco meat, etc) so I said, "Cool -- I'll take everything!" and my bill came to $8.  He didn't say all that stuff was additional cost!  *frown*  It tasted great, so I got over it.Second, the $5 student lunch special is jive since I bring friends there all the time and we deserve a cheap lunch too.  Why do non-students have to pay an extra $2.50 for lunch?  I don't like being discriminated against cuz I already graduated.  :-P
5	Fabulous service....and great atmosphere. Will come back again...and again.
5	Great selection of veggie tacos as well as meat tacos with very creative sauces. The prices are awesome as well as the service. Adrian was particularly helpful. I like grunge-style decor too. A great place to satisfy vegetarians and carnivores.
5	Awesome food! Tacos are filled super full!
4	Great tacos! Ordered 6 Carne Asada tacos. They were packed with meat, onions and cilantro and had great flavor. Awesome staff, very friendly. My wife and I had long conversations with the Owner and Cook on how they make their food. Had a great time watching local Metal acts. When I am in Vegas, I am always looking for places not on the strip to eat. I will definitely be revisiting Yayo Taco when I come back.
5	The Tacos are AMAZING and so are the chips and fries.  The atmosphere is laid back.
3	I have alot of friends who live on campus, so yayo is a staple in our weekend routine. food is good, beer is good, its a great place to sit and drink and listen to local talent play thier music. the atmosphere is cozy and hip, but sometimes the other patrons can be a downer. the quinticential college hipster with the fake wayfarers sit outside drinking pbr and smoking cigarettes looking down thier noses at me and my friends can get on some peoples nerves. the staff is funny and friendly and always accomedating.  overall, fun place to hang out, dont let the other patrons ruin your good time here at yayo.
4	I absolutely love coming here. I am a vegetarian and I crave for their tofu tacos. My faves are Tofu Nuez and sometimes I cheat and have some Shrimp or FIsh tacos which are also awesome. The Tofu Tacos have these interesting pasty, and spicy, sauces and I always leave the place totally full! For sides I get either the salad, sweet potato fries, the banana thingy..., or quinoa. What a healthy meal! I always get the "rebels" special for being a student from UNLV but to be honest one of those plates (which includes four tacos and two sides) are plenty for two unless you're starving that day! But i must note that for vegetarians, the tofu tacos cost extra.. but still worth the money in my opinion. The place looks kind of empty and most of my friends (who are not vegetarian at all) have never been there, but once i make them try their food they always leave happy. The only thing about this place that stops me from giving 5 stars is that sometimes the service isn't consistent and I do not enjoy the random bands that play there from time to time. But I must say I am very picky and the fact that they support upcoming artists are nice. Just not my cup of tea to be listining to screaming hard metal while i eat my tacos. :) All in all, its a definite place to stop by and try their billion choices of tacos!!
4	Here's my big tip about Yayo Taco: Order the fish tacos or the shrimp tacos. Oh and order the ceviche! I guess I happened to luck out by going all seafood the night I ate here. I'm not sure why, it might have had something to do with the fact that I was with my friend who is a vegetarian and I thought getting the fish may offend her less than say a heaping pile of carne asada. I am glad I did though. These tacos were soooo good. They are the perfect size too, so you can order a couple different ones and get a variety.The night I went they were hosting a concert with a heavy metal band from Spain. That was really interesting to watch. This place definitely has that "college divey venue" feel. The bathroom is hideous, although not as bad as Double Down.My only complaint is the tables are sticky gross. So if you can eat at the bar, it's much more clean. Supposedly there is a student discount for UNLV and CSN students - since I am neither of those things, it holds little consequence to me. I did note while there that some people there were complaining about the pricing here has risen. *shrug* Honestly I think it's pretty spot-on for what you're getting.When I go back here I am getting the fish/shrimp tacos and the ceviche. Seriously, their ceviche was delicious! I am picky about my ceviche too because I've grown up on a recipe my father learned to make when he lived in Panama. So if a place can impress me with that, then I am definitely going back!
5	One of our favorite places to eat in Vegas! I personally love the tofu tacos, while my brother, friends and spouse go bananas for the shrimp and fish tacos; for our sides we adore the dessert style plantain and sweet potato fries. Very close to UNLV (right across from the student union, so eat here instead of one of the food court corporate locations at the union), and they offer a great meal discount for UNLV student's ($5 for four tacos, two sides and a drink, unless you get a specialty taco).The ambiance is great, kinda thrown together post apocalyptic vibe going on. Rough hewn wood benches and patron drawn graffiti/pictures on the walls really make Yayo awesome.
5	I LOVE this place! Great staff.great food.great atmosphere!!!!!! Everything is just cooooollll about Yayo's.
3	I wish Yelp had a 1/2 star option, so I can give three and a half stars!My tacos were delicious! Generous amount of guacamole and I loved the beer battered shrimp and pollock fish (crispy on the outside and tender and succulent on the inside). My ceviche was also good. The negatives were the Napa slaw in my fish taco (more vinegary-pickle than slaw) and a third of my chips (that came with my ceviche) were stale and hard. Despite the negatives, I'll give this place another shot.
5	Great food!!! Order the carnitas or Bombay tacos these are great!!!!!!
5	Being a chef those are some of the best tacos i have ever had sure i could make them myself but why there great!!  the value is there the flavor is there. I promote them to all my friends ..As a chef i am very picky!! I have crossed off more restaurants lately because of sucky food so Go to YAYO Tacos for some killer grub if you like HOT ask for there Hot creation its smokin so beware..and beer and tequila list is huge
5	My first love in las Vegas. Yayo, call me when you start franchising! While i am typically a purist, i Love the taco fusion.
5	Flipping love this place!  Try the 4 taco combo...it comes with 4 street tacos of your choice, 2 sides and a drink.  Perfect for 2 people to split.  The whole meal cost about $10.  Really reasonable and the food is SO good!  I've tried the Carne Asada...wonderful!  So tender and delicious!  The Texacano is definitely worth trying!  Again, so tender and delicious!  I've also tried their chicken curry option called the Bombay, which was good.  The Pollo is very good too.  Their chips and salsa are so tasty!  The chips and salsa taste and look homemade.  I haven't tried any other sides but am planning on it for my next visit!I will without a doubt be back!
3	Great value, tastes fresh, but the tacos weren't as flavorful as I thought they looked. It might be from the hype i hears beforehand. I would come back & recommend them though. My 4 taco special was filling & gave me a food coma. Go outside what you know, because the unfamiliar taco choices I picked tastes better than the carne asada tacos. The place is tricky to find because it's behind a building called Rebel Books. They need a sign, but their theme is interesting. Lots of beers and tequila! Try it for yourself!
1	This place is a total fad. Food sucks, its run by WHITE HIPPIES. People who eat here dont know anything about good food. The guy working there isnt friendly and the whole place is full of hippies. It also stinks like weed and there is a ton of underage drinking. Its really lame. So many more good taco shops besides this one. The Chicken tacos are garbage too. They taste like some middle eastern dish dumped in tiny corn tortillas. Really bad. It reminds me of being in San Francisco in one of the old hippie areas. Its really bad. Also... TOFU TACOS?? Fail... Thats not mexican, its a bastardization of what mexican food is. This isnt fusion, its a joke.
5	If you don't rate this place 5-stars then you haven't actually experienced this place.First, I'm a lover of all things beer. Second, I'm a lover of all things Tex-Mex. Third, they got it right all the way down the line.I went in first just to have some beers. Adrian (spelling? Ack!) served me and was laid back and didn't say much but was quick on the draw when he saw my beer go low. Thanks! ;)I left and then went back again to finish what I started. Whew, bad idea. Sort of. I said I'd need to sleep there after all the beer and food I was about to consume and Adrian so generously offered up a hammock hanging behind me, what a pal!I ordered some more beer (Belgian) and told Adrian that I loved all things Belgian. While commiserating with me he asked if I'd ever tried a Japanese beer (I believe) or another Belgian, I believe. I hadn't, but they looked so good that I promised I'd be back to try them again soon. I trust this man implicitly. I asked about food and he highly recommended I try the carne asada tacos. Well, okay! I asked if they made guac and he said they did. I wanted thick and chunky and he said 'whatever you want.' Well, whatever I wanted was exactly what I got. The carne asada had a spicy bite to it, but was still chunky and slightly chewy in the fabulous corn tortillas. I got four and that was almost too much (for like $6 -- with guac!!). I couldn't stop eating the chips they served with my meal. I almost started dunking them in my beer. I'm positive they would have tasted great that way too!All I know is that I walked out of that place thinking 'damn, I hope they don't get sick of me because I'm coming back and may never leave.' Whatever you do, ask for Adrian. Great guy. Beer smart, food smart, super awesome smart. I took his advice on everything and he came through with flying colors. You are the best!The food, the beer, the atmosphere - don't miss it. Really.
5	I was doing a one month rotation at UNLV student wellness center, so I was always looking for a new place to eat and I stumbled upon this place. AD(the cool register guy) helped me out with a selection of some awesome tacos. This place is definitely worth a try, its got taco bells prices but 100x better taste and you can actually see the meat your eating unlike the grounded stuff they call meat at other places. Thanks AD
4	Stopped in here for lunch today.The place definitely looks like a dive- all the wooden tables and chairs have writing all over. The restaurant was clean, however. They also offer outdoor dining, which can be awkward as people walk through and try to get spare change off of you while you eat.The employees there were really nice. This place doesn't appear to be run by Mexican guys- more like white dudes who like to eat really greasy food. The food was good. The chips were delicious and came with fresh pico de gallo. I enjoyed the pinto beans as well, but there was nothing particularly special about them. I tried the carne asada taco, the ground beef taco, the chicken, and the roast pork. The tacos are about 90% meat, which is really awesome if you're into that. They also have vegetarian tacos for those who do not partake.The thing about the tacos is that they were really really greasy. Like, dripped down my arm and face greasy. Be forewarned, and use lots of napkins. I also expected the meat to have more flavor. While the meat in all the tacos was perfectly tender, I thought it would be flavored more with spices or sauce. While this allowed me to really taste the flavor of the meat, I do enjoy mexican flavors in my taco meat as well.I did not try any of the beers and tequilas. Over all, this place was good. Extremely cheap (5.40 for the student special!), and the food was decent. I enjoyed it very much. I have a feeling this place would even be better if I was drinking- nothing like greasy tacos to soak up tequila!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE, the food is amazing and the service is great!
2	The food kinda sucked. No flavor at all. The ceviche was decent.  Prolly tastes better when drunk, but c'mon you can't rely on drunk college kids to support crappy food. Never going back again
4	Reminds me of my days in Long Beach Ca, hanging out at "Live Bait" ,  the shops and all the eat spots on 2nd street.  The service knew it's stuff about what to recommend and what to eat. We came for lunch and the food was reasonably priced and delicious! The ambiance was awesome. We decided we wanted to try to come during the evening hours to get our drink and food on and see it then. I will write a new review for the evening hours.
1	I wanted to like this place. I walked in and was excited to see what looked like some amazing tacos and what was clearly an awesome beer selection. But after receiving our food, our tacos were bland and flavorless. They needed salt. Something very basic.But I was willing to try it again later, because I thought maybe I just didn't order the right thing. But then I tried to buy some beer to take home that night which the guy that originally took our order said would be fine. As I am picking out a beer another guy appears behind me and says "We can't sell that beer." I say "Why not?" "Because it is hard to get and we only have four left." I was understandably confused. "That doesn't make any sense, but alright." I didn't feel like arguing. If they want to save that beer for themselves, fine! But don't have it on display in your cooler for customers to see and then deny them when they want to give you money for it.  I was going to come back and try the food again even though it was disappointing. But after the beer incident I will never go back and I was prompted to write a bad review on Yelp.
4	It was a pleasure bringing my hungry ass to Yayo taco for lunch last week, as I discovered some jam packed, delicious TACOS. Okay! Where to start?! First, I feel I should highlight this amazing deal: 4 TACOS, 2 SIDES, AND A DRINK FOR $5!! Thats right, FIVE DOLLARS. Thats what I'm talkin about!I love that the menu has variety and that they are creative with the food- very basic ingredients- yet creative and colorful. My fave was the shrimp tacos, I did not unfortunately, like the Pescado- the texture was oddly off and no flavor. I took a peak at what some of the other customers were eating and I noticed insanely huge proportions and inappropriate facial expressions that screamed SATISFACTION ;)Basic tacos are  $1.75 and Specialty Tacos are $2.25. You'll have a basic selection of burritos, quesadillas, ensaladas, and even "hamburgers" but you're stupid if you go to a Mexican restaurant to eat a hamburger- so try one of their tasty Tortas! :)This place is a hole in the wall, but once inside, you have a spacious seating arrangement, limited bar section, and music. The decorations are fun and it almost feels like one of those places you walk into while your walking on the beach board walk. AND staff was friendly :)
2	I want to give this place 5 stars so badly because I know a lot of my friends enjoy these tacos and the atmosphere is really awesome (like a modern-day cave with writings all over the wall), but being the picky vegan that I am, I just can't do it. I've had all 4 types of vegan tacos available here and each one tastes almost exactly like the last. The vegetables are greasy and unpleasant and I struggled to find the tofu in most of the tacos. I also ordered the sweet potato fries and they were puny, shriveled remnants of what probably used to look like fries before they were cooked to death. Maybe the tacos with meat are much better, but overall I wouldn't recommend this place to vegetarians.
3	I've been to this place more than a few times and I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it yet! Mainly I come here for metal shows and beer, not so much the food lately but this review is not about that! We were in the area Saturday night on my Bday and wanted to stop in for a round and some music! The music tonight was eh, so we mainly chilled out front. You can dine outside as well which is cool. The buckets of beer are priced reasonably, $13 I believe for Dos Equis Amber. We didn't spend much time here after we finished a couple buckets. Overall, it's in a nice location near campus and the strip. The staff is friendly with a HUGE selection of beer and tequila. Check it out...
4	Oh, Yayo Taco.  Where have you been all my life?I would have never known about this place if it weren't for Yelp (thanks, Yelp!).  Tucked away in a corner of a half-empty shopping plaza with no real sign telling you the name of the place, I would have driven by a thousand times and been none the wiser.  But not this day.  I was informed and ready to get my taco on.The reason I was so excited to get here was the rumor that they had vegetarian tacos.  Imagine my surprise when there was not just one, but FOUR tacos on the menu that were veggie-friendly.  No, seriously.  Imagine it.  I'll wait.So my husband and I both ordered the combo which includes 4 tacos (I got one of each, of course), two sides, and a drink.  For our sides, we both got chips and salsa, I got the rice, and he got the fries.  While we waited for our food, we found a seat and instantly fell in love.This place has a super fun, colorful, dive bar feel that my husband and I loved.  How could you not have a smile on your face when you see a couple sharks on the wall or a picture of a chick with a hook for a hand?  Although there is writing all over the walls and tables, that does not mean the place is dirty.  It was super clean.  If you can't handle some writing on your table then you should go back to the Strip to eat.The combos are huge, so come hungry.  The rice was flavorful, the chips were perfectly cooked and salted, and even the fries were great (I wasn't expecting much there from a Mexican joint).  The tacos are loaded with onions, peppers, zucchini, and even some baby spinach.  I had to eat mine with a knife and fork so I didn't make a mess on the white shirt I inappropriately wore for the day.  The veggies weren't greasy like some other reviewers seemed to have a problem with and the tacos were loaded with lots of sauce.I didn't have a 100% fairy tale experience here, and I'll tell you why.  Three of the four tacos looked and tasted pretty much the same to me.  I was having a hard time figuring out the difference between them.  Three of my tacos should have had tofu; one had a lot, another had a tiny bit, and the third had none at all.  Also, the tacos could have used a little more flavor-oomph.  However, big props for having several choices for us veggie people, friendly service, and a fun atmosphere.  My husband and I are really excited to get back for some adult beverages.  And of course- eat up a couple veggie tacos.
2	The only thing Kalila likes here is the VEGGIE TACOS and the rice.The rebel special is a great deal. It's only $5 for FOUR tacos, two sides and a drink.Not exactly sure what is in the veggie tacos, but there is definitely green and yellow bell peppers, onions and some other veggies. It's covered in a yellow sauce that takes forever to get off your fingers after eating and some black seeds (I have no idea what they are).Kalila didn't originally like the rice, but it grew on her. It gets pretty addicting after a few bites.The other side we had was chips and salsa. The salsa is more of a pico de gallo. All chunks. Chips were homemade.We only come here when we want veggie tacos. Perfect for not eating meat during Lenten Fridays!
5	Best tacos I have had in Vegas! The number 8, 10 and 11 all yummy!  Mind you, not traditional necessarily, more fusion in nature. So good. And cheap!
1	I think I agree with a lot of the people that ate here - the veg food was not good.In summary: ADD ANY AMOUNT OF SALT AND WAYYY LESS OIL!!!!My boyfriend got the taco combo with 4 meat tacos. He said they were all good, but I'm not sure what he judges his food by. He's pretty easy to please when it comes to a meal, trust me. As for me, I ordered two veg tacos with different sauce and they were both a disaster. They were drowning in oil which ended up all soaking into the corn tortillas. The best I could do was try to pick out the veggies and tofu, let them drain before eating and then leave the tortillas for the trash. On top of that, the sauces they put on the tacos, while they sounded enticing, were everything but. They definitely needed salt (which wasn't provided on the table) and the flavors mentioned (ie: peanut) were not present in the sauce - just a spicy, sodium-lacking gravy with oil oozing everywhere. Yuck.
1	The food here was tasteless and SO oily!!!My bf and I went here for some vegan tacos. What we got was flavorless and swimming in oil. We ordered the combo with several different vegan taco options. My bf didn't even eat a single taco, he just picked out a little filling and said he couldn't eat it. I attempted to eat one and was horrified when I looked down at my plate to realize there was a pool of oil under my food. So gross. We ate the plantain chips and threw all the rest of our food away.
1	YUCK. This has to be the worst tacos I've ever tried!Between the music ,the look of the place and the food I only needed a shotgun to take me out of my misery. The beef and chicken seemed like they were marinated in toilet water and tasted like it. The recent reviews must of been by college students who were high and don't know good tacos... Run awayTO THE OWNER WHO KEEPS REPLYING BACK TO ME ON YELP YOUR FOOD STILL SUCKS AND I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM COMING DOWN AND SAYING IT TO YOUR FACE! YOU SHOULD BE SPENDING YOUR TIME ON IMPROVING YOUR FOOD NOT ON YELP!!
2	I've had Yayo Taco bookmarked for over a year and finally made it over there to sample the wares.My husband is a UNLV student, so he got the $5 deal (still in effect March 2012 - 4 tacos, 2 sides, soda). I have no affiliation with UNLV, so I had to pay $7.50 for the same combo.There are all kinds of different tacos - the standard chicken, carne asada, carnitas, etc, some 'fusion' style Asian ones, and probably 3 or 4 tofu ones. I really appreciated the variety and uniqueness of the offerings, the extensive beer list, and the 'college-ness' of the whole joint. Unfortunately, I did not like the taste of the tacos (I had chicken, carnitas, and carne asada). Sometimes, you know when you look at cheap ground meat and it kinda reminds you of dog food and you get a little grossed out, but try to put that thought out of your head and eat it anyway? Well at least that's what I do. And sometimes when that happens it turns out really good, but not with Yayo. Maybe it's just the low-price meat, or maybe it's too much oil, as other reviewers have noted, or maybe it's all in my head, but I couldn't finish my tacos. Sad....I wanted to love Yayo, but I'd really rather go to Chipotle (for about the same price).
4	Carne Asada tacos are great. Try the green sauce it amazing. The chili cheese fries is a large portion and yummy.
5	Best Tacos in Vegas!! Best deal too!!
4	The staff is always nice and cheerful, although they can be a bit ignorant. I've received beer poured into the wrong kind of glass and they nearly always mispronounce quinoa. But the vegan tacos are yummy and the laid back atmosphere is relaxing and fun.
4	Yayo lacks a bit of consistency, but when it's good, it's GOOD.  This is a very laid back place, reminiscent of a chilled out beach bar that would be better suited for a Southern California beach rather than the Nevada desert, but I'm sure glad it's here.  Even without the amazing UNLV special (4 tacos, 2 sides, and a soda for $5), this place would still be one of my favorite off-strip lunch spots.  The service can sometimes be slow, but the staff is always very friendly, and it seems the lack of urgency is just part of the laid back attitude of the restaurent; that being said, the food is definitely worth the wait.  This place is first and foremost, a taqueria, with a number of great specialty tacos that are garnished with some incredible sauces and garnishes.  It feels strange calling this place a gourmet taco place since everything is so cheap, but that really is the best way to describe it.  This place also has a HUGE selection of specialty and craft beers, and an seemingly unlimited selection of taquilas.  If you're a UNLV student, a Vegas local, or just want to venture a bit off the strip for a great lunch, check this place out.
5	I seriously LOVE this place! I went here for one of my friend's shows and decided to get some food while I was there, and I'm so glad I did! It's kind of a little hole in the wall place, you have to look out for the sign because it's small. The cool thing about Yayo is they let bands play shows, so you have some entertainment while you eat. Granted, the bands are sometimes not so great, but you still have fun watching. Now, the food. My favorite tacos are the veggie, pastor, and carne asada. The pastor is different because it's roasted pork with a pineapple-y kinda salsa on top, soo good! They're also not stingy with the meat, which is awesome. And they have deals for UNLV students, but if you're not a student, it's still pretty reasonable pricing. If you're vegan, they have a few vegan tacos and side options as well. I will say that I'm not crazy about the sides, nothing really stands out there for me. If you're in the area, definitely check this place out! You won't regret it.
3	So another venture on campus we saw this place the other day but it was packed because of a band so we decided to come back another night.  I ordered the Taco Combo 4 tacos and 2 sides.  I asked if that was too much food he said "no they are small tacos"  Ahh yeah right huge amount of food for the price!  They also have over 100 beers and almost 100 tequilas.  A cool vibe, nice decor and fun music playing and they do have bands on some nights.  I am only giving 3 stars because the menu is not explained very well and ended up with 2 choices I did not enjoy.  However I would go back and try it again and just ask more questions about the menu options.
4	I dig it. Cool little spot..often filled with UNLV students, and musicians of a sort. I stop in now and then for a few tacos and a few great beers.  They have  great beer selection. I'ma fan of the "Innes and Gunn Rum Cask Aged Beer" too sweet for some, great on my pallet with some spicy pastor tacos. I usually sit at the bar when grabbing a quick bite, but on a day off I'll chill at a table, grab a SEVEN and a WEEKLY and just relax for a bit. The owner is super chill, has a great attitude about things and likes what he does. It's super, extra casual as it's very close to UNLV. and it's got a dive feel to it, and that's all part of the charm. I spent a few years slumming around New Orleans and it brings me back to that. On that note, it actually reminds me of some of the more creative en devours I experience when in a town like New Orleans. So chill and go with the flow. With a price tag of about $1.75-$5.00 per person, it's a favorite spot for quick  and delicious grub. They have everything from carnitas style tacos to vegetarian options. YaYo taco doesn't pretend to be anything it's not. It's a taco joint with some flavor. I will go back again and again. Happy Eating!
2	Having heard so many good things about this place, I wanted to give it a shot. The main thing that kept me from eating there is the really good taco shop just down the street and another good restaurant 3 doors down from Yayo. Couple that with the fact that I didn't realize it was Yayo that had the crowds and such when eating at the other place, I thought it was a different establishment.I digress.It was a midweek, late lunch when the wife and I finally gave Yayo a go. It was a relatively nice, blustery day, so the doors were all wide open, letting the natural light in, while the wind helped to keep the place from being too hot inside.The menu looked small at first (on the display board) then we were handed full menus. Still not huge, just a single side of a piece of paper a step or two up from legal sized paper. The reverse side is their beer list, a huge, huge beer list.Debating between their offerings, I settled on the chicken nachos, which is one of my gauges of a Mexican restaurant. If you can screw up chicken, cheese and chips, I don't want to give you a chance with anything else!All of their non-beer drinks were single serving bottles or cans, including water (which is kind of ridiculous), then iced tea was suggested. Given the weather, a nice cup of iced tea sounded like it would hit the spot.Finding a seat in the eclectically decorated, handmade looking, wood furniture featured dining area near the door, we enjoyed the breeze over a Las Vegas Weekly.With a desire to quench my thirst, I took a sip of the tea... Why do places fail to mention when it is flavored tea? I am not a fan of most flavored teas, so getting a jasmine infused assault on my taste buds, literally, left a bad taste in my mouth.After a reasonable wait, my nachos came out, the gentleman delivering them was very apologetic for the wait, explaining they had to melt the cheese, etc. It was refreshing to see someone feel bad for taking a reasonable amount of time, where most places act put off when you ask them why it took an hour for service.Starting with some of the outlying chips, I dove in. The quality of the chips and cheese made it seem like flavored tea would be the worst part of the meal. And then... I got to the chicken.Perhaps, I should have guessed if the tea was going to be flavored, the chicken may have had something 'off' with it as well. The best way I can describe the chicken is that it had a Mediterranean or Middle Eastern essence to it. If I was eating at Paymon's, I would have completely understood the flavoring.Once I scraped all of the chicken off, the rest of the nachos were delicious, save for the bits that had absorbed some of the funky chicken's flavoring.If I am in the mood just for some meatless nachos, and have something to drink in my pocket, I may go back. The quality of food was good, the ambiance was welcoming, some of the flavors though... I wouldn't give the chicken or tea a second chance.
5	I wish this place was around when I lived in the university district. It's cheaper than Taco Bell. The soft corn tortillas literally overflow with the fillings.I had the chicken, served with a tomatillo serrano salsa verde and mole sauce, and the carne asada, topped simply with onion and cilantro.Both were delicious. Some of the best tacos I've eaten in Vegas so far.I'll be sure to update this review once I have the chance to explore its menu further, but I don't often find myself in that part of town and wanted to be sure to make my approval of Yayo Taco known.
4	Wait, am I in Cabo?  This is deja vu of my Cabo trip back in my college days....it's a replica of the cantinas around Cabo, Rosarito etc....wood furniture, graffiti on the wall, surfboards on the ceiling. So I start looking over the menu, $1.75-2.25 a taco? Wait, what? Is this a joke? Am I really in Mexico? I almost feel like that old joke like I should go outside and look for stray dogs and cats because clearly something isn't right here, how can it be? My friend ordered the 4 taco combo with a side, I ordered one taco and chips & salsa and plantains, 2 drinks our total came to $16. I'm dying, these tacos have to be terrible. To my surprise, my shanghai taco was pretty good, my chips were so fresh, but my only complaint is the "salsa" was actually pico de gallo, so a little disappointed. Our plantains were a delicious end, cinnamon and condensed milk drizzle over them. They have insane amount of craft beers, and any friend of Chimay is a friend of mine. Also 2 pages of tequila. The crowd was quite, um eclectic? I believe they had a band playing later that night, if you didn't take a shower for a week, no one would notice, and I believe that's the story with the fella that took up residence next to me. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the best food I've had and it's not fine dining, so it kinda makes me laugh at some of the harsh reviews, I mean, come on people, $1.75 a taco? I can totally see why this is a popular spot for UNLV students. Kinda makes me want to go back for my masters, uh wait, nope nevermind, the moment passed.
4	Thanks to DD&D for pointing out this little hidden gem. The place remind me of a dive bar that serves some gnarly food.I had the taco combo which come with your choice of 4 tacos and 2 two sides.-Pescado, Nice pieces of tempura battered fish with nappa slaw and guac. nice and refreshing-Texano, barbacoa pulled pork with sour cream. had a smokey flavor to it. Just ok for me-Bombay, Amazing flavors with chicken sauteed in yellow mint coconut curry finished with a Tamarind chutney curry. A must try!!crazy flavors for a taco but it works for me-Shanghai, Another culinary success! Wasabi seared steak and the wasabi crema really stood out. This taco made me want to go beyond the 4 tacos i had into the food coma. I kept my composure and decided i will return very soon!
5	Decided to come check this place out after seeing it on DD&D. So glad we did! Love the atmosphere, like everyone else, it def. reminds me of eating at the small mexican cantina's they have in Baja. I ordered the Camarones and the Pescado tacos. Both of them were delicious and the shrimp were huge! The Napa slaw on the pescado taco was tangy and went well with the sour cream. I also got a side of Ceviche... it was the freshest, most delicious ceviche I have had in awhile. My fave part of the food?  THE CHIPS!   they were crunchy and salty and had cilantro sprinkled over them... the best tortilla chips hands down.  They went perfectly with the ceviche.  My boyfriend ordered the Shanghai taco and I had a bite.  I didn't think anything wasabi would be good on a taco but this taco was amazing!  I wished I had ordered it myself.  He got 2 sides with it and chose the french fries and the chips N salsa(pico de gallo)  the french fries were good, but a little on the soggy side. I am so glad we found this place and I will def. be coming back. We got 5 tacos, 2 sides, ceviche and 2 drinks for under $16 so the prices are very fair. Esp. for the quality and the size of the tacos they give you. I will ignore the useless review from Alberto E. below. By the way he types his reviews I believe he would know what toilet water actually tastes like.  Stay classy my friends!
5	A real dive of a restaurant with some top tier quality food. Has a good combo platter that includes 4 tacos, 2 sides, and a drink if you are hungry or you can load up the tacos as you go.For $1.50 per taco and $2.25 per specialty taco it is a decent value as they really load up on the meat. Of their regular tacos their Asada is damn tasty and their specialty taco offer a wide variety of flavorings.Great place, right across from the university, very easy to miss as they are in a tiny corner of a strip mall that can't be easily seen from the road.
2	My wife saw this place featured on DD&D and was excited to check it out. We were very disappointed. We should have gotten the hint when a customer before us demanded his money back because his food looked like crap, which it did. But we thought it was an isolated case. The service wasn't great but that can be chalked up to the cashier being new. When it came time to pick our sides, our choices were limited because they ran out of half of their choices. And this was at 3:00 pm on Saturday. The tacos were okay. I had the Shanghai and Camorones, curry style. They were okay but not DD&D quality. The atmosphere was very shady. The place was dark and dirty. An adult bookstore has more charm to this place... or so I heard since I have never been in one...2 Stars...JUSTICE HAS BEEN SERVED!!
4	Some new, rad beer choices!Try the Bombay Taco...Further, this is an excellent venue for local music. It is among my favorites both to see bands and to play myself.Sit in side or out, get buckets of beers and enjoy the constantly changing crowd.
4	Of course, I live on the complete opposite side of town!  I will happily venture back down here anytime- excellent beer selection and pricing.  And who can resist yummy tacos?  What draws me in is the free local music!  Yayo is perfectly designed for bands to play, and offers plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  Great place to come with a group of friends- I would suggest checking it out when bands are playing- just to support the local music scene, as well as a tasty taco shop!
5	Went with friends from out of town after seeing it on DD&D. Food was excellent and ingredients were fresh. Someone checked on us twice during our meal to make sure everything was ok. Will definatley be going again.
4	Tried after seeing an episode of D.D.and D.  Great food!  A lot of food for decent prices. Definitely plan to go back. Right now my favorites are the Bombay and Camarones tacos.
5	Great deal amazing bottled beer selection. Best ICE Tea of any restaurant ever. He mixes two type of loose leaf teas and then chills it. Restaurant has great decor which were all hand made and the walls consist of all hand drawn art by customers. Tacos are EPIC to say the least and seriously CHEAP price tag. 4 tacos 2 sides and a drink is like 7.50. This meal is a LOT of food can barely finish. I always get quinoa and fried plantains which are exceptional! The owner is super down to earth and incredibly chill. He is knowledgeable about the massive beer selection. Everyone I have brought her has only great things to say about YaYo! Anyone who has anything negative to say about this place is a clown shoe.
3	It's OK.  Three stars are hard to write because it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't amazing either.  It was just all right.  Definitely a college spot where many a drunk coed has eaten late at night...speaking of, what is up with these restaurants that let you write all over their walls, tables and ceilings? That is such a pet peeve of mine.  I don't want to eat while staring at "Steve is a gay-fer" on the wall.The tofu fuma taco has a nice spicy sauce on it, the carnitas are tasty, the carne asada quesadilla was my favorite.  We went at 11:30 and they were already out of two tacos.  I feel like I could just go to a closer taco shop and be just as satified if not more (like Los Tacos).I live by Red Rock and I probably wouldn't make a drive all the way down to Yayo just for their tacos.  But if I was on that side of town, then I would venture in here again.
3	Yeah, this place was featured on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives recently and I'm sure business has spiked because of it. Their tacos are their main draw. It's a diverse and ambitious menu featuring 15 kinds of tacos, ranging from traditional to fusion, along with three vegetarian types.I went with a combo platter. Four tacos (the Pastor, Texano, Bombay, Shanghai), chips and salsa, and pinto beans. The depth of flavor from the wasabi steak and contrasting textures of the cabbage slaw made the Shanghai my favorite taco. The pastor was good but not as good as the one at Taco El Gordo. The meat in the Texano was completely mushy, rendering it a sloppy mess and I wasn't crazy about the taste of the Bombay. The chips were good, the pinto beans weren't. They were incredibly bland and quite possibly some of the worst beans I've had.3.5 Stars
2	If you're used to eating great tacos, you will not be a fan of this place. If you are new to fusion or gourmet tacos, a UNLV student, or someone looking for a cool local spot to relax, then this is the place for you.We heard about his place from a friend who heard about it from TV (DD&D). Wanting to try a variety of items, we ordered one of each taco: vegetarian,  shrimp, fish, Shanghi (seared steak), and carnitas. We received the following tacos: two shrimp, Shanghi, fish, and carnitas.But we didn't complain because we saw that others were having issues with their orders. They seemed to be out of a number of ingredients and mixing up a few orders. We just wanted to eat, so we dealt with what we were served. In fairness to Yayo, I am sure the staff would have corrected the order. The server was helpful and courteous to us and also to others who were having issues with their orders.The shrimp tacos were very tasty.  The fish taco was average. The pork was not flavorful at all. And the texture of the meat was mushy.  The Shanghi taco was a huge disappointment. If you are used to fast food (Taco Bell, Dell Taco etc.) tacos, these will be a huge step up for you. But if you eat at any of the locally owned taco spots in the city regularly, you are likely used to flavorful, tender meat. This is not that. I am a fan of the barbacoa type tacos. The meat is usually flavorful and tender.  Sadly, their meat had an odd flavor (curry?) and, like the pork, the texture was...off. Aside from the odd flavor, the meat was lacking flavor in general. I never add salt, and I found myself looking around for a salt shaker to give my tacos some pep. Aside from that, they were just too mushy and soft. The toppings didn't add any flavor to the struggling dish either. I couldn't finish either of the meat tacos.  The decor is....street/edgy. I appreciate what they are going for, but what they were doing in the main restaurant didn't work in the bathrooms for me. I really like the dining area. It's thoughtful and artsy. I can see some people allowing their impression of the decor to influence their view of the food. It's got a cool vibe. The writing on the restaurant walls and tables (bring a pen, I guess. They didn't hand any out) was kind of charming. But on the "text" in the bathroom ceiling looked less....playful. I've seen that style of writing on the side of freeways and on abandoned buildings. It sucked a bit of the charm out of the look of the place for me.OVERALL: The shrimp tacos were the high point for sure. If I had a choice to eat tacos at Yayos or some national chain,  I'd eat at Yayos. But with many decent taco dives in the city, I will head someplace else when looking for some great tacos.
3	I heard a lot about this place so I had to try it. Very cool atmosphere typical for a place for college kids but I will have to tell you wasn't all that impressed with food. I have had better tacos from the local taco wagon around the area. The fish tacos I found to be very bland they do have a good selection of beer service is great here very friendly too sum this review up. cheap eats for college kids good beer and good service
3	I think this place is pretty good for the price.  The quality of the meat is great but they just needed the extra kick in spice/seasoning. I felt like some of the tacos came out too soggy or mushy or something too.$7.99 gives you a combo which comes w/ 4 tacos and 2 sides.  The sides I picked were double-salad which is all spinach. I enjoyed how they LOADED up each taco w/ meat btw.-Carne asado tacos were good but the meat needed some extra flavor. If they had some hot sauce this thing would be awesome.  It was a bit mushy/soggy too-Al Pastor tacos were good but the texture was over-the top mushy.  A bit too sweet too.  I still liked it tho.-Shrimp tacos were a bit disappointing.  They were just fried fish w/ breading, in a taco on a huge lettuce leaf.  Wasn't a fan at all.-Shanghai taco was pretty good.  I liked this one.I like my tacos to be spicy and the items I ordered had almost no spice.  The hot sauce they offered wasn't to my liking either.If they added a hot sauce station this place would be 4 stars easy.  Still - a solid A-OK place.
4	Excellent tacos at a local spot. I will definitely will be back when in Vegas again.
5	Absolutely loved this place. Had the chips and salsa (pico de Gallo), cheese quesadilla, 2 Bombay tacos and 2 Shanghai tacos, and mint tea. Everything was super fresh, well seasoned and cooked perfectly. I didn't have any taco soggyness issues that a few reviewers mentioned. Great price too! Service was prompt, helpful and friendly :)
4	Great tacos!
4	I love Yayo's for the food, the craft beer, and the atmosphere.  Obviously a college Taco joint, Yayo's has sooo many tasty options!  And the options are inventive.  I order as many things as possible when I'm here, just to try different meats and sauces.  Bombay, asada, pastor, veggie!  ...and I get to pair them with outstanding craft beer...okay, i'm in!First came here to watch a friends band play on a Friday night...now I stop by whenever I'm in the area and even remotely hungry.  I even came here to eat two tacos before going to meet some friends for dinner in the area one time.I think this is my favorite place in Vegas for tacos...if not, it's certainly one of the best!
3	Saw this place on triple D & had to try it out it was just ok. The prices pretty good for the quality of the meat you get, but they need to spice it up a little more it was just a little plan to me. But that's me try it out yourself & see.
5	Went here for dinner recently and was pleasantly surprised. I had heard about it but didn't know what to expect. Cool decor inside and friendly service. Amazing selection of beers. Prices are great and I totally underestimated my appetite. I ordered 4 tacos and was getting full after 2. They pile on the meat and everything was delicious. Great little patio area to sit and enjoy. Definitely will be coming back again soon!
5	YAYO TACO is my FAVORITE PLACE!My boyfriend and I are addicted to these tacos. We first saw this place on Food Network's, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. The atmosphere is amazing and the selection of alcohol is the best in town!!
1	I saw this place featured on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, so I made it a"must try" on my next trip to Vegas. This place is located in a large plaza with ton of parking. The decor is beachy themed, lots of surfer stuff, the tables are a bit uncomfortable, the servers for the most part were attentive, however the cashier ( young caucasian female) was on the rude side giving every customer an attitude. They seemed to be out of a lot of stuff, which seemed odd because it was 11:30 am on a Friday, you would think they would be prepared and stocked with what they offer, everything I wanted to try was unavailable so I had to settle for the " Al Pastor". The meat itself was tasteless, it needed salt n seasonings BAD! I was hugely disappointed, my husband had the "Bombay Taco" that one was a little more flavorful. I gave this place one star because one of the servers was extra courteous and was extremely attentive with us, however I don't believe I would try this place again, specially not after hearing and confirming it was shut down because of health violation codes. (ewww)
5	I could see why the Food Network featured this place. It really does tailor to my preferences of a good time. Tacos, tequila, and brewskis! They have a WIDE selection of beer to offer, as well as a wide selection of tequila!First, the food. I tried the Bombay taco (which I ordered a second round of), the Pescado, and the beer battered shrimp taco. The Bombay taco was BOMB.com. They should rename it Bomb.com taco...(bad joke. sorry.) It's a nice tender chicken taco drizzled with curry sauce. Super delicious with a nice amount of smack kick punch spice to it! The pescado was also good as well. A very nice and tender pollock fish with topped with guac and sour cream. A very traditional fish taco. The shrimp taco was also amazing! Huge shrimp pieces that don't even fit in the corn tortilla itself! The beer batter was sweet and crispy. Just the way I like it. Tacos there sell for $1.75 for the Classico or $2.25 each for the Loco. What a deal! Johnathan, was an awesome server. He's very fun and knowledgeable about his brews. I tried the Dogfish head 90 there, and if you're up for it, they have the Dogfish head 120 as well. We tried the Wyders which is good (but you can get that at your local convenient store). They had this nice Crispin apple cider that Anthony suggested which was really delicious. It was slightly sweet, but still very delectable. Definitely a good suggestion for someone who isn't a big beer drinker. I had a great experience, and I'm just mesmerized by the sections they have of everything there. They even have vegan offerings there for you to enjoy! They also have bands that play there as well, but aside from the knowledgeable tourists, the place tailors to mostly college students since its right across the street from the campus.
4	Chose 4 different tacos which had very different flavors and all were very good. I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in town.
3	This is a great place to grab lunch at UNLV.  The tacos are homemade, which is nice! The only downside is you may have to wait 5-10 minutes before your order is ready. It's worth the wait. What I love about this place is you cannot get a traditional taco. The unique options are crafted so deliciously that I often forget I am eating a taco. My go-to choices are the Bombay, Sicilian, and the veggie (the no tofu one) tacos. The best way to take advantage of the special is to order the 4 tacos, 2 sides, and drink special. When you present your UNLV card, you automatically get $1 - $1.50 off. I still haven't figured out how the discount is taken. I have a "usual" and sometimes my total is $6 and sometimes it's $7. I am a bit disappointed in the side dishes. I've tried the fries, the black beans, the quinoa salad, and the guacamole. The sides are passable, but I generally order a double of the garden salad. It's probably better to eat a lighter side dish, since the tacos are very filling.
4	Ever since my first time here a few months ago, I've been a monthly visitor of this hole in the wall establishment. Across from the UNLV campus, this is a nice and cheap hangout place for you and your friends.The place has an artsy feel to it. I like to call it pretty hipster (but what is hipster anyway?)Out of all the tacos I ordered, nothing can beat the traditional carne asada tacos. I order these every time, along with a new type of taco. I've ordered so many, I forgot which ones I tried.But I can tell you this. These tacos fill you up pretty quickly despite their small size. They stuff these tacos to the point of overflowing, but I'm not complaining. I finish off my meals with a plastic fork and scrape whats left of the ingredients and leave the plate clean of any crumbs.
3	Mmmm, asian inspired tacos! Pretty happening beer list! My ear drums bleeding on live band night, suck! Well they weren't bleeding but let me tell you what it was insanely fucking loud in there. Like so loud you couldn't order your food at the counter you literally had to point at them menu to what you wanted. It took forever to get our food though it may have been ready but I couldn't hear if my name was being called. Highlights.. Shanghai Taco, Pescado Taco and the Bombay Taco. Lowlights.. Having tried most of the sides, chips and salsa is the best one with sweet potato fries being the worst  which were greasy, burnt and limp. Now with all that said I like Yayo, it's alright! Seriously though, come early before the live music starts. Unless of course hearing loss is your thing.
3	After seeing this place featured on Food Network, we had to try it.  It was unique, but I think it got a little more hype than it should have.  Definitely a hole in the wall and the food was good, but not outstanding.  I might stop in again if I happen to be in the immediate vicinity (doesn't happen often) but I don't think I'll make any special trips down there.  Limited seating, and it's kind of like a deli for ordering, place your order at the counter then sit down and hope you hear your number called over the music.  Not the greatest place for picky eaters.
4	I found out about Yayo Taco on a Vegan website and I am glad I did.  The Vegan tacos are awesome!  The service was friendly and informative.  My girlfriend and I will definitely be back for more.
3	My mom's friend saw this restaurant on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and suggested that she try the food.  It was only mid-afternoon but they had no carnitas!  Before receiving our food, I looked for a salsa bar but was disappointed that the tacos were already topped with salsa (different type for each taco).  I am particular about my toppings.  Sometimes I like to mix salsas together or add more heat.  I was hoping for more authentic Mexican tacos but I would consider them gourmet tacos.  I was full but not satisfied!
4	We decided to have dinner here because the prices and reviews were great. They did not disappoint! We had some of the best vegetarian tacos ever! It's a little off the strip, near UNLV and totally worth the time to find. The manager even came over and told us about a poetry slam they were going to have and some live music events. it's a very casual place with great food! I would definitely go back.
2	Saw this place on the food network and I decided to try them out cause they looked so delicious on tv. I came here after a long night/morning of  partying/raging and ordered 70 bucks worth of food. Pretty much I ordered 1 or 2 of each taco and 2 build it yourself nachos. I tried at least 4 kinds of tacos. I don't remember which one but all of the meat in every taco tasted the same. Seems like the meat was boiled the same and the only thing different was the sauce they put on. I was kinda disappointed or maybe I'm too spoiled to the Mexican food here in San Diego. I would come back to this place.. The only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the guy that worked there gave me a discount for ordering so much and gave me a few extra tacos.
3	I came here to eat lunch with my boss and coworker. I had been eating tacos all day because of Taco Tuesday, but I was still craving more. They had a rebel special for UNLV students, so I decided to order that. The special included 4 tacos of your choice and two sides. Due to my passionate love affair with shrimp, I decided to stick with that. They were out of rice, so I was stuck with beans and salsa for my two sides.When the food came out, it definitely looked appealing. The salsa looked very vibrant and colorful. The shrimp tacos were covered in a beer batter that was cooked to a perfect golden brown. I couldn't wait to take a bite into the foodie goodness.Once I bit into the taco, I was greatly disappointed. The batter to shrimp ratio was greatly disproportionate. Instead of tasting the shrimp, I tasted batter ..and that's about it. Sure, the food looked pretty, but that was the extent of it's appeal. The salsa was good, but the chips were way too salty. It was all a big let down.If my coworkers decide to come here for lunch again, i'll probably head over to Baja instead.
5	We had an awesome experience!  The Tacos are to die for...  Jonathan was a great help to us in ordering what we wanted.  He also checked in with us after we received our order to see if we liked everything.  ABSOLUTELY!  Best tacos we have ever had bar none!!!  They take great pride in marinating all of their pork, chicken and beef, and the unusual mix of ingredients will have you begging for more.  And... have a great selection of sides to choose from. You can't go wrong when Guy Fieri from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives shows up and loves the place...!  Oh, and did we mention the beer and tequila selection is mind boggling.  It literally covers the entire back page of their 8 x 14 size menu.  You have to check this place out!!!Steve and LynPrescott, Arizona
5	I went to Yayo Taco for the first time today on a recommendation from a friend. He told me to expect fusion style tacos, I was like "what?" Yayo Taco specializes in Mexican classics with an ethnic twist. I don't really know how to explain it in any other sense. Anyway, I'm a student at UNLV. Which is great because five dollars buys me 4 tacos, cantina style, and two sides with my rebel card. Great deal even if the food was sub-par...I walk in, I'm greeted by this loco cashier named Jonathan. He's a friendly guy who seems to know at least a fact or two about every beer in the fridge; there are hundreds... He set me up with a DogFish Midas Touch after we talked for a minute; great choice man! But it's a sweet beer and not for everyone. I ordered two pollo tacos and two veggie tacos, sweet p fries and quinoa salad. A touch choice considering the menu has pretty good variety.Pollo tacos: braised chicken with a mole marinade topped with a tomatillo salsa, amazing depth of flavor, I typically don't like the bold taste or a traditional mole, but it wasn't a traditional mole, just mild enough for me. I'll order these every time I come back. Next time though, I'll omit the salsa. I didn't like it but it was easy enough to push aside.Veggie tacos: spinach, peppers, onions and other ish served with a cream sauce. Very delicious, consistent option. Fresh veggies, good sauce, etc.Quinoa salad was fresh, sweet p fries were good if not just a little bit on the salty side...This place was features on diners drive-ins and dives, which didn't factor into my decision but it's worth mentioning. I took a peek in the kitchen and the owner (who was on the show) was working side by side with his staff, a quality I look for in $ - $$$ restaurants. Overall: five stars, no complaints, I'll amend my review as I try more dishes...Great...-Service, eating within fifteen minutes, front of house knows their ish-Atmosphere, cool beach cantina theme, surf boards cover the ceiling-Food, look above-beer,wine,tequila: how may I help you?In conclusion, I'll be back, maybe every day...
5	This is the best restaurant in Las Vegas. Amazing vegetarian options, and a really chill vibe. Free foosball. Killer ambiance. Cheap. Tacos for $1.75, drinks $5.75The food was AMAZING. Jonathan, a server here, is the best. He'll help you pick your food, he understands cilantro allergies and best of all his tequila recommendations are out of this world!
4	If you are at UNLV and looking for a good cheap Taco fix then this is the place to go. The UNLV student special is definitely worth it. something like 4 tacos and two sides for 6 dollars. The portions are good as well especially for the amount of money you pay. The food is not overly impressive. Its decent quality with decent ingredients and like I said well portioned for the money. They do have a good list of 20 tacos but the student special only includes like 9 of them.  You can sub out the other tacos into the special for extra charge which I advise you do. The service is good and they have a full service bar which is awesome if you need a good margarita after a long day of horrible classes.
5	I'm always lookin' for thing's to eat that i can't get where i'm from. Yayo taco has become one of my must-go-to places when I'm in vegas. You gotta appreciate the artistry that goes into fusion food; finding the right textures and the right flavors to meld with the 'taco' blue print.the menu is vast, touching all corners of the world, from japanese to italian inspired tacos. the beer menu is also vast which is a pleasant surprise. it's intimidating at first  but i always go with the people that work there to help. If/ when you go, I hope Jonathan is working. He won't just tell you what's popular, he's knowledgeable about both the food and beer menu, and he helped make my experience at yayo taco amazing!
5	It's a great Venue to have an event or party. I just DJed (The Patriot Act) there tonight  and it was raging. We moved the tables outside to make a patio type thing and a large dance floor. Everyone was going crazy and you can setup for beer pong too if you have less people. It really is an awesome place to throw an event.
3	The following sentence should tell you a lot: I waited 24 hours to write this review to make sure we didn't get food poisoning. The good news: we didn't! But both of us felt a bit...off a few hours after we ate, but that could have been all in our heads. The reason for all the suspicion: Yayo Taco has their C rating proudly displayed next to the register. We made the mistake of looking up their violations while we were waiting for our food, thinking that maybe the violations were the goofy ones. Nope. Cross contamination, failure of employees to wash hands, inadequate food temperatures. At this point, we had already paid for the food, so we took it home and rolled the dice. The food is actually pretty tasty. We each got the taco combo: your choice of 4 tacos and two sides for $7.25, a screamin' deal. Seafood tacos and tacos locos are an extra 50 cents each. I had two carne asada (awesomely greasy/fatty) tacos and two carne molida (ground beef with an Italian-leaning red pepper and basil "salsa) tacos, with black beans and chips/salsa. Fish tacos got a thumbs up from Boyfriend. The tacos are street-size, so 4 is just about the right amount of food. I'll definitely be back when they bring their rating up a letter or two. The food is worth another trip, but the violations just make eating here a roll of food poisoning roulette right now.
1	Based completely on the comment from this business to my *honest* review, I won't be coming back. The health department is around for a reason and, if this restaurant rejects their standards as too "institutionalized", I can't imagine wanting to give this place another chance. As I stated, if the violations were silly ones, like not having their letter grade displayed in the exact place specified by the health department, I'd overlook the grade. Unfortunately, this restaurant appears to proudly flout safe food-handling procedures and they're extraordinarily sanctimonious about it. Listen, Yayo Taco, I'm not in cahoots with "the Man". I just don't like food poisoning.
1	ughhhhhhhh..... my stomach hurts. i am writing this review after last night eating some and my stomach is still in pain. Please dont go here..... sooooo bad
4	Great place that lived-up to all of the hype.  A great place to eat and socialize.  The tacos were great.  We tried the 4 taco sampler and was not disappointed.  The hardest thing was deciding on which taco to have as the list contained 15 different ones.  They all tasted great.  You can't go wrong with the sampler with 4 different tacos and 2 sides.  A place, we plan on visiting again.
5	Review by a Restaurant ConsultantWhen Guy Fieri highlights your restaurant on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives, you know that it's got to be an interesting place.  I've tried several restaurants in Southern California and Las Vegas that he's reviewed.  When Guy went to Yayo's near UNLV, I knew we had to try it.Yayo's location is in a small shopping center directly across from the university.  Usually, with in-line restaurants, you don't expect too much.  I was pleasantly surprised when we visited the restaurant.  The ambiance is really interesting, with almost "Old Mexico" themed tables and lighting.  This theme is carried on outside on the patio as well.  With restaurants, the food must impress.  Boy, Yayo's really hit a home run with their food.  Their portions are more than sufficient, especially when you realize what a value their food really is.  They have the best soft tacos in town!  If you get their student special, you probably won't be able to finish the plate.The other aspect of Yayo's that's impressive is their service.  Jonathan greets you nicely as you enter, assisting you with your menu selections.  His laid-back attitude is perfect for Yayo's.  Their menu is quite large, so the extra help with items is always appreciated.Yayo's is our go-to Mexican quick service restaurant in Las Vegas.  As long as you understand that it's not fine dining, you'll be fine.  The next time you're in town, drop by Yayo's and you will be pleasantly surprised.
5	Yum yum and yum.
4	Tonight I stopped by here to meet up with friends and ordered nachos and guacamole. These guys hand cooked their nachos so it takes a bit long before my food arrived but once I tried them, the wait time was worth it. I love the cheese covered nachos dipped in perfectly fresh guacamole. The only down side is that this is a very unhealthy item due to the frying of the nachos. Also, at ~$8 for nachos and guacamole and a diet Coke, that's kind of pricey I thought.
5	Great tacos, great atmosphere, awesome taco's......
4	Always fresh, great variety of taco flavor combinations, and an infinite list of tequilas and beers. Friendly service makes this place a real winner.
2	Bad service, always dirty and usually out of the vegan tacos I stopped in for anyway--but I still like coming here.What I don't like is that in response to YET ANOTHER C health rating, instead of cleaning up, the owner posted an intense nonsensical conspiracy rant on ktnv's facebook after they featured him on dirty dining.So I will be truly sorry if Yayo's cinnamon-y sweet black bean dip is gone from my life... but it won't be because he's getting 'picked on' by SNHD. It's because he's too lazy to keep things clean and in good repair. It's just the truth.
4	Saw it on D-cubed, and I'm in town with my daughter for a soccer tournament.  We like Mexican food (we're from Sacramento), so we decided to stop by.   Place was very uncrowded for a Friday lunch; only a few tables occupied.   Server was really nice  - my daughter likes her tacos pretty plain, and he took her order really nicely.   We each ordered carne asada tacos, and I ordered a carnitas taco, and she ordered the pulled pork.   The carne asada didn't really stand out  - the mole was understated.   The carnitas was fantastic, as well as the pulled pork.   One think I noticed in previous reviews was that the texture of the meat was mushy - that was not an issue with our meal.   In fact, I thought the texture was a highlight.Price is right, food is good, service is good.  We'll be back!
2	The staff was nice, but the food wasn't very good.
5	I thought I'd never find a cheap place in Vegas. But, oh my gawd, did I find one really!? Yayo Taco is the bomb! $1.75 to $2.25 tacos with a lot of tasty goodness overflowing in your mouth. If you happen to be in Vegas, be sure to visit this joint just to have a taste of why I'm so excited about it. It's near the strip, just take a cab ride. Come on, you can do it! You must try their Bombay Taco and Shanghai Taco. It's oh so good to the very last bite. (Don't bite your fingers! The sauce drips.) I also tried their Pastor Taco and Carne Asada Taco. They were on the spot delicious in everything! Who cares if the place looks like a dive bar?! It is a dive bar! The food tasted awesome and they have a whole page list of beers. Go international! Drink it with a great taco! This is my second flavortownusa-hop. I haven't been disappointed. I'll always pass by this place when in Vegas.
2	Saw this on DDD and tracked it down.  Website said nothng about being closed thru March 27 - stinks that I went to the trouble of finding this place (and the location is easier to miss than you might think) only to find out that they were closed.  Looked good on TV, but it seemed a little dirty up close.  Still...wanted to give it a whirl
5	I used to eat here every tuesday when I was a student at UNLV for 2 semesters. I look forward to going there every time I go back to Vegas. It is a unique taco shop and I locve the menu items such as : the Texicano and the bombay. Never had any issues there, so before you jump on the bandwagon it is still an awesome taco shop and the ideas that they have for tacos are amazing.
1	I saw this place on triple D and was eager to try it out. I am visiting from San Diego and came in with my entire family. Let me start off by saying I will never be back due to their shady ways. I ordered the nachos (priced at $4.25) and the taco combo which comes with 4 tacos and 2 sides (priced at $7.75). The cashier, Miguel tells me the total is $23. It didn't sound right but I paid and sat down at one of the tables. It was then that it hit me that my bill should have been $13/14. I bring it to Miguel's attention and he tells me, "we will get it taken care of." I have no idea what that means so we finish eating and I return to the counter to collect the cash I was overcharged!Miguel asks me to speak with Jaime who I assume is a manager. Jaime looks at the receipt and hands me a $1.25. He tells me that each taco was an additional 50 cents because they were not part of the special! He then tells me the nachos that were listed at $4.25 were an additional 4 dollars because I added meat, sour cream and guacamole. My response, "Why wasn't I given all this info when I ordered." He said he was sorry but there wasn't anything he could do. I asked him if I could speak with the manager and he told me he was the manager. This was the worst customer service I have ever experienced!!! Frustrated like hell, We just left!As for the food, nachos were average at best. Carnitas tacos were decent but nothing special. Don't waste your time with this place. They obviously went above and beyond for triple D but don't treat regular customers with the same respect!!!!!
4	I really like Yayo Taco -  the food is great and they have a good selection of uncommon beers. They have pretty low prices for the caliber of their street tacos and the staff is always nice. Be aware they often have live acts at night (music, poetry, etc) that aren't great to listen to if you're trying to have quiet dinner or something. For lunch, this place is fantastic though. t's about $2 a taco and they give you a lot of food. Also, I'm seeing people complain about the bathrooms in this place, but I've seen apartments in this area with much worse. Overall, I recommend Yayo Taco.
5	Lots and lots of wonderful flavours packed into a small taco.  You can try foods from all corners of the world without leaving your seat. Well worth visiting!!!
1	Saw this on food network and decided to try it.  The cashier was extremely rude and condescending - and the wait for the order was really long.  The food was ok- but after experiencing such a negative and unhappy person at the register - the whole experience was already ruined. The place was also not very clean. Will never go back.
5	Kinda small for a loud live band but it was fun. Like you'd come here with all your friends. Fantastic beer and tequila choices and great tacos. I'm glad I finally tried it out.
3	I tried this place based on the recommendation of a co-worker and I thought that the food was pretty good.  The menu offers an array of tacos, all of which are just a little different than you might expect.  These tacos are small "street" style, but the flavor combinations are unique.  I have tried most of the tacos on the menu and all of which I have liked, namely, the pastor, carne asada, texano and carnitas.  The prices are fair at around $2.25 per taco and the ingredients are usually falling out of the tortilla.  The ingredients seem fresh and the unique act of adding flavors such as wasabi, curry or balsamic cruda to a street taco is a tasty concept.  This place will not replace your favorite street taco stand, but it was a nice change.Now, I ate at this place twice before I got around to writing a review and when I did, I came across a health inspection on Yayo Taco.  My above review stands and I did like their food, but I can not give more than 3 stars to a place with such a spotty health record.  This place was shutdown in Aug. 2012 by the health district.  A week later they reopened with an A grade.  However, just four months later they received another C grade and then most recently another A grade.  If this place could produce some consistency with their health inspections I would feel better about giving them a better yelp rating.
1	Seriously?! Saw this on food network, so we thought we'd give it a try. That was the wrong decision. Horrible food. The tacos had no flavor. Honestly, I could get better tacos from the taco trucks back home in Los Angeles. Had stomach pains after as well. Don't waste your time for less than mediocre food.
5	We are in Vegas on vacation and we always enjoy finding the local places to eat that you just can't find anywhere else. Yayo Taco was excellent!!! I'm pretty sure we ordered one of everything from the menu; the Pollo, the Camarones, the Texano and the Shanghi tacos were incredible!!! You gotta go...
5	Always great food service, omg the Beer menu is great they have it if you want pretty much. I love them..
3	I'm from Chicago, used to charbroiled carne asada tacos... Wanted to try something different. Overall, I think it's pretty good here. I liked that I ventured out of my comfort zone & tried "the shanghai" taco- which was pretty good! I also had a fish taco (I thought was ok), carnitas taco (was good, just not what I'm used to) but I really didn't like their carne asada taco. All 4 came on the taco platter with 2 side; I got the black beans (which were bland), and the chips & salsa which was bland as well. Recommend: yes, but try to venture out of your expectations & try a unique taco you may not find elsewhere. I guess it's more of a west coast thing I'm not used to in Chicago... But I would try it again. PROS: free parking lot, not crowded, unique food, friendly service, unique environmentCONS: it was hard to find because there is no sign overhead to distinguish it from the neighboring businesses in the strip mall, too dark inside to see our food while we ate, kind of shady characters outside on front made me think twice about going in... Looks kind of like a dive bar or biker bar at first glance. I saw this initially on Diners, Drive-Ins & DivesOur total was about $25.00 for two taco platters.
4	I think what Yayo Taco offers best is ambiance - it's amazing how quick you can go from high-strung college day to lazing around on the couches with a really great vegan taco. Of course, it could not accomplish that with a really, really great taco, either - even the taco-newbie in me wanted to go for seconds, and definitely would have if it wasn't for the collective sofa-round heart-to-heart we were too preoccupied with to bother trying to look for a new menu.There are a lot of taco options, varied in ethnic style, ingredients, heaviness, and price. Although I can't quite say there'd be something for everyone in there, since some of us still did struggle to decide on a taco, there really is a lot more than you'd expect, and even the Asian-flavor tacos are good without just playing the cutting-edge fusion card. The affordable price will appeal to college students as well.I think this review hovers more around a 3.5, but then I too vividly remember how much we struggled to try to find the menu to put in a second set of orders, that the tacos must have been really, really good. 4 stars for now and a pending revisit, it is.
5	Have been going there for a couple of months now. Haven't had a bad taco yet. It's the way food should be . No need to add anything to it, just eat it straight from the kitchen. Love the shanghai tacos. the staff is great and very friendly. Have taken several friends and and all have love it. Can't wait to go back.CAUTION!!!!! it's addicting.
5	I have been putting off writing a review for a couple of months. Let me first start off by saying that I went to Yayo's a week ago and they are now CLOSED.  Everything was packed up-no sign or life could be seen in the restaurant.  I tried calling the place but the phone just rang and rang.I am not sure why they closed but it could be the fact that there was no one ever in the place when my bf and I went there.  I was surprised by the lack of patrons on our previous visits since it was so close to UNLV.  I literally cried myself to sleep b/c they have the most delicious street tacos ever!  Ambience/Service:You order at the counter and pay.  It is very reasonably priced.  $2-$4 a taco depending on if  classico or loco tacos are ordered.  The sodas are canned 12 oz and they will give you a plastic cup of ice if you ask.  You then take a seat at one of their many tables. They are all big wood tables and benches that back to other tables.  So if you want privacy or elbow room, then you won't get any...but again we were there when no one else was and had the place to ourselves.  The food comes out pretty quickly.Food:Now back to my review of the food in case they ever reopen...As I have said, I have been there a handful of times and tried most of the meat tacos.  My bf tried the shrimp tempura taco since I don't eat seafood.  Here's a rundown of the tacos we've had:Carne Molida- hands down the best taco for me.  This is their crown jewel!  It is a finely ground beef taco with a roasted bell pepper balsamic crudo.  You would never think that this would belong in a Mexican dish and I was really skeptical b/c balsamic vinegar can be very acidic.  However, it was delicious. I could eat it everyday and I am not joking!!!Carne Asada- just ok.  Nothing was special about it. On one occasion, the meat was very burnt b/c they had left the tray on the burner too long I believe.  I brought the taco to gentleman that had taken our order to let him know it was burned.  He politely took it from me and asked if he could taste it.  I said yes, of course and he apologized when he realized it was in fact burned.  He replaced it with another taco of my choosing.  Camarones- my bf said he thought it was pretty good and that the shrimp was not battered to heavily and it was not soggy.  He said he would probably stick with the fish taco instead.Pescado- my bf had this and said that the fish tasted fresh and the slaw on top was good.  Nothing really stood out but it wasn't bad either.Carnitas- pretty amazing and they added pineapple salsa.  The meat was not fatty at all (some people like that but I don't).  The meat was also finely shredded, which I prefer.  Texano- again just ok. Not something I would order again.Sicilian- great! Chicken with pesto and the red bell pepper crudo...again, you think that this has no place in a taco but it was excellent! I would order this again.Bombay- I am not crazy about Indian food but I found that curry flavor to be very mild.  My bf on the other hand loves Indian food and thought it was a great taco.Shanghai- Again, I am not crazy about ethnic food but it was still delicious and I would not turn my nose up at this if someone presented it to me.  The wasabi crema was very mild and it was not spicy at all...and that's coming from a wuss that can't handle spicy foods.Sides- we only ever got the chips and salsa.  The chips appear to be made in house are thick and served with a pico de gallo salsa.  They don't give you a ton of chips but I still think they are more filling than thin ones.  They do serve other sides like black rice and beans but I never got a chance to try them:(So sad that they are now closed but I hope that they will reopen soon.
4	Found this restaurant on a food network app. I got the four taco combo meal. All four tacos I had were completely different. For a great price for flavor, I would check this place out.
2	had lunch there today with 2 coworkers. food was fine. the music was so loud we were literally yelling at each other.  LOWER THE MUSIC VOLUME at least for the lunch crowd.  Yikes... it was hard rock and it was LOUD!
3	Food good... Cool little place... One thing that bother me I was told they can't honor the promotion on Yelp, cause it doesn't work and they don't know how to use it. So you out of luck. It's confusing why it still on yelp false advertisement. Not cool ;(
4	Great selection of tacos and meats.  EVEN larger selection of beers and tequilas.Service can be friendly when they want to, and consistency are my only reasons to keep this off a full 5 star rating.
2	The tacos cost $2.50 each and I tried the fish tacos.  I enjoyed the fish tacos at Del Taco better than these.  The wooden chairs were uncomfortable and there were lots of flies flying around.  Gross.  I won't be back.
4	Totally dig this place! Had the Bombay taco which I would give a solid 5 stars, the carne asada another 5 stars, and the shanghai which wasnt for me but I would still give it a 3 star rating. Had a HUGE beer menu and tequila menu, its a whole page written in the tiniest font thats how many they have. They even have a beer pairing menu to go with your tacos. It's great, go there and eat for sure.
5	Love the vegetarian tacos! So cheap & sooo delicious! :-) the cool atmosphere & free wifi make this a 5-star favorite
5	The Bombay Chicken is unreal. Get it. And then get another.
1	My wife and I got to Yayo's at 11:00... When they open and were told the kitchen wasn't going to be open for another 20min.
5	This place has awesome tacos. Tacos is one of those foods where it is on, or off.For example, in Los Angeles, King Taco is a taco chain that is popular, but I must say i am not much of a fan of King Taco, buy definitely a Fan of Yayo.Besides the basic flavors, their specialty tacos are really good. The Shanghai is an excellent fusion of Asian and Latin spices. The crispiness of the Pescado (fish) was to absolute perfection!
5	These are the absolute best tacos I've had in my entire life. They are also $2.50 each. Need I say more? Must order: the Bombay, tofu Tigre and the texano. Did I mention the Bombay? Delish.
5	These are by far the best gourmet tacos I have ever had. I can't stress how delicious these tacos are. Yum! :D
4	A little hard to find. We drive around for a good 10 min lol I'm from LA and the only reason I usually come to Vegas is to party but we made it out here early this trip and wanted to try this place out. Tacos were amazing! Big beer and tequila selection! So glad I was able to make it out here to try this amazing food!
3	Came here because of the TV show Diners Drive In' s and Dives.  This place was just ok. Service was just ok. We ordered the Nachos and when he brought it to us he said he would bring the guacamole and never did.  The tacos were different but just ok. I probably would not come again.
1	Tacos had no flavor! Couldn't even finish them!!!! Came here because I had seen this spot on the food channel "diners, drive-ins and dives" with Guy Fieri, do no recommend this place!
5	Yesterday For lunch I tried their carnitas, shanghai, and texano tacos locos. All good, but I would say carnitas were my favorite. The fries were fresh cut and not the slightest bit greasy. Cool atmosphere and great bottled beer selection...the only negative is, where were places like this when I was in college!?!Great atmosphere, food, and PRICE!
3	Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins, and dives so I had to come by this time when in Vegas.  This place is not your typical mexican food taste/flavor. They serve a bunch of  street sized tacos- which are small but I think thats a good thing because they've got so many fun flavored tacos to choose from. I had the classic pollo which was my favorite and I also had the Shanghai and the carne asada.  They were all pretty good. I got a side of pino beans but did not care for them- they needed more salt  or something. There is a good beer selection and the deco is really cool. For me, it was fun to experience but I probably wouldn't come back over and over again- maybe once more to try a few more of the other crazy tacos. I'm from San Diego so I tend to crave more of the authentic mexican flavors and a CA burrito.  Definately a fun place to try.
5	Here on a quick trip. Wa recommended by a student at the airport.  Did not disappoint. Nachos are great and so are the tacos.  Good for vegetarians.
2	I really really wanted to like this place. It was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and looked amazing. Looks, in this case, were deceiving.Definitely a fun and interesting atmosphere. The walls were decorated by adoring customers and employees...and probably more than a few wise ass college students. Everything was wood finished and it felt like a little cantina one might find in Cabo.We walked in and no one greeted us, but there was a man in the corner with sunglasses on and a lap top in front of him that just stared at us creepily. I later realized that he was the owner (I recognized him from the show)....Okie dokie.On to the food. My wife and I shared the camarones, carne asada, pollo, pescado, carnitas, and shanghai tacos. The only ones even remotely memorable were the carnitas and carne asada. They both had a nice char on the meat and good flavor...but nothing special and not any better than any other run-of-the-mill taco joint. My main complaint about everything was the complete lack of flavor...in particular, acid and salt. Everything was in dire need of seasoning. I don't care how many ingredients you put in your marinade, if there's no salt, it's bland. In addition, PLEASE serve all tacos with a lime!The last thing I want to talk about are the tortillas. They were so incredibly tiny for the sheer amount of filling that's in each one. After one bite, everything falls out into your hands and the only thing in which to wipe them off are tiny, thin, little square bev naps...I went through about 30 of them.No brightness, no pop, no spice, bland flavors and a tortilla delivery system that falls way too short, Yayo Taco doesn't live up to the hype.
5	Found this place on DDD- the Shanghai Taco is the best!!! Such a great place to get some yummy food for an affordable price.
4	This place was on triple D. One of the best tequila line ups I have seen and their beer selection is off the charts. I got the 4 taco sampler with plantains and chips and salsa. Also got a Mexican coke, in a glass bottle (the only way to have a coke).  Service was prompt and everyone was nice. It was a Tuesday night and a little slow.  There was a live band with a jazz flute. Nice touch.
3	Wanted to try something in the Vegas area recommended by Guy and Diners Drive in's and Dives...well this place was a dive alright, we couldn't even find the place after 3 drive by's..no signage, nothing in this strip mall!  Great array of international Flavors in small street sized tacos.  We had the plantains and black beans for an appetizer, yum, crispy and beans were flavorful and a bit sweet.  I had the Bombay, chicken in an Indian curry, good Flavors, i think mine was missing the chutney, because all I got was chicken in a curry sauce, nonetheless was flavorful, yet one dimensional, could have used that chutney.  Also had the pescador, a fish taco, a bit bland, but in a red cabbage slaw, white sauce and guacamole, the guacamole was a bit brown, I think it was a bit old - not memorable, but we come from San Diego, some of the best fish tacos anywhere!  Hubby had the shanghai and texano, he loved them both.  Good Flavors for a hole in the wall, right across the street from UNLV
1	Not much to say about this place. K.O. saw this on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. We were in the area so we decided to give this place a shot.  Boy were we disappointed. We dont know if this place once had good food but they definitely dont anymore.   Texano-dry flavorless meat Pastor-pineapple doesn't belong, flavorless alsoCarne molida-weird flavor, also flavorlessI wouldnt recommend this place to anyone and would steer clear of this spot.
1	This place makes me wish Yelp had an option for 0 stars!!!Yayo taco has been bookmarked in my yelp ever since i saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives. That is how i convinced Kenny L to go with me. If its on food network... it must be good right? WRONG!!! The Pollo was HORRIBLE! As soon as i started chewing, i had to spit it out!I was able to eat the Bombay, probably since the curry masked everything.I left Yayo feeling guilty about recommending such an awful place and also kinda worried about getting food poisoning from eating that Bombay taco. gross.
3	This is a solid fusion street taco joint. It is not amazing and some of the tacos are grody, but some are awesome and I think its great for the give and take that way with different people and family grubbin'. Odd atmosphere for kids, but rock it, it is a good time. First time you go get a couple combos and do not get two of the same tacos. don't be tempted, you need to try them all out to learn your favorite.Tough for a business lunch unless is ultra casual, then go for it.
3	The food was okay but not what we expected. Sorry Guy , definitely not your best pic. Try again DDD
4	Last weekend we were in Vegas celebrating my twin cousins birthdays and decided to go off the stip for some tacos at Yayo Tacos that we saw on diners drive ins and dives. We got there super early to avoid a crowd and were the first people seated. After reviewing the menu we decided to all get the taco special which included four tacos and two sides for $10. Out of the tacos chosen the Shanghai was definitely was the best. The tacos and the sides were  large are very filling. Overall, the food and services was great! Definitely worth a 6 minute trip off the strip and it was nice to get out a the chaos we all experience at some point in Vegas:)
4	Had a trip to Vegas so I decided to try Guy Fieri's reco on Diners-Drive in-Dives. Kinda tough finding the place being it's situated in the back of a strip mall right across from UNLV. Decor - college arena, surfboards, graffiti on walls, wooden tables and chairs. I can see this place crazy during UNLV events.Had the Pastor tacos per recommended by the cashier. They were tasty but pricey compared to tacos you can buy in ELA. All in all, I'd go again.
5	Great restaurant!  It was on Diner, Drive Ins, and Dives, off the beaten path kinda hard to find, no big sign, but definitely a hidden treasure!  I had Jonathan surprise us with our order and it was all exceptional!  The fried plantains were the end to the perfect dinner!  A definite must try!
5	I feel this is the best place for tacos and beer. Truely unique flavors.I live in san Francisco and when I go to vegas I always hit up yayos for my Shanghai taco fix. Its like going to baja with a zen feel..i enjoy that hammock and artful walls too....love love love there food. Wish they had one in s.f.Located across from unlv on maryland behind Einstein's bagel.If they had ten stars I would give them 10.
3	Saw this place on diners, drive-in, & dives and been meaning to try it out. I got the 4 taco combo and 2 sides. Decided to go for the pastor, shanghai, texano, and camarones with black beans and chips & salsa. I was a little disappointed with the shanghai taco. The meat had a smoky flavor that made it taste as if it was burnt. Other tacos weren't bad, but also not super memorable. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back to this place.
5	i dont care about anything else but that delicious BOMBAY TACO!!!!!!!! A MUST HAVE!!!!!!!
4	I've gone to several Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives restaurants. Yayo Taco is the first place I can truly say was a "dive". That's not a bad thing because the atmosphere was fun. Wish I could be there on a Friday night with UNLV in session.I had three tacos (Pollo, Carne Asada, and Bombay.) The Pollo was amazing and I could have eaten several more. The Carne Asada was tasty with a little bit too much spice for my taste. And I'll skip the Bombay next time. Amazing selection of beers, which I tried, and tequilas, which I did not.
1	Two groups decided to go get a bite to eat since this was a Food Network must in Las Vegas. One group of four ordered three entrees. The other group of six ordered 6 entrees. We all ordered tacos. All came out one at a time increments of two to 10 minutes. Food wasn't to die for. I did like the Bombay taco. Don't get the refried beans. Horrible! Service was horrible and it wasn't busy. I would be scared to come here when college was in session. You would be waiting for hours! I don't think I will go back. One good thing, it was interesting venue.
4	I got the Tacos here once and I. An honestly say I have had better. But the reasons why I give them 4 stars is because their drinks are excellent!
3	The waiting is horrible....it took us about 10 mins to order our meal....they need to upgrade the way they take people's orders
1	Went here today and the place was closed! I read online that they closed due to health code fines. Too bad i didn't get to try it! :(
5	I first heard about this place when it was featured in an episode of triple D (Diners Drive-Ins and Dives). The blend of Mexican meets Asian looked and sounded delicious on TV, so we had to go check it out - and it did not disappoint. The Carne Asada and the Carnitas are both very good. The Tofu Nues is surprisingly delicious, and you don't miss meat at all when you bite in to one of those tasty treats! The sides of fresh fried chips and salsa are yummy, and go down fast. Yayo's is very casual, and the prices are cheap - especially compared to the quality tasting food you get. Great value for money!
5	I love yayo. Been going there for years. The tacos are great and inexpensive. The student special makes the cost even better! The bottled beer selection is solid but the selection of tequilas is fantastic - approximately 150. Plus, the staff is real friendly. And don't worry if it looks shut down. That happens every once in a while, but they reopen rat-free in a short time, always.
5	Had great food. Now has a "CLOSED" sign on the door.  all the equipment is gone and all the surf boards.
5	The place is closed down and most of the interior has been removed.Bum Deal, one of the best taco places in town!
4	Had the taco sampler which included your choice of 4 tacos and 2 sides. Very fresh ingredients and uniquely done!
