2	This is now called the Kilderkin - the outside facade is painted a dingy black.  We'd been here once before and quite enjoyed it, including a wide selection of board games, though the surroundings are a bit grim. We had the house real ale, which was not bad. This time, we recognised none of the real ales and asked to sample the one they recommended. We were told this wasn't possible, apparently because the hand pump delivers a minimum amount which is too large. Disappointing, and we won't be going back.
5	Since its not so recent transformation into The Kilderkin, this place constantly strives to offer what everyone wants, good beer, great atmosphere, a warm welcome and tasty grub.They're not doing Rocket Science!
5	We found this as we wandered down the Royal Mile. We were tired of trekking and in need of lunch. This turned out to be a fortuitous place - nice atmosphere, great host (loved his dog!) and good food.  Prices were more than reasonable and the portions were sufficiently large that we had more than enough food.
4	This is a wonderfully fun bar/restaurant.  The lunch menu, at least, is small but full of great pub grub.  There are a few local beers on tap and many in bottles from around the world.  The local beers are good but are not the standard mix of types at all; this is not necessarily a problem, but I was disappointed that the selection lacked darker beers.  The staff is outstanding -- efficient, warm, welcoming, and hilarious, as well as knowledgeable about their food and drink offerings, Edinburgh, and Scotland more broadly.  This was a great all-around meal experience and someplace to which I would definitely return.
5	I want to recommend this place to every Whisky enthusiast visiting Edinburgh who wants to go off the mainstream. This place does not have a large selection like many other pubs in Edinbrugh but instead provides a small and very well selected number of Whiskys and good recommendations form the barkeeper! Great place to stop by!
4	I was taken to this pub for a Movember whisky tasting, and suffice to say I thought it was bloody excellent.Tempted to a second visit without the whisky goggles on I still found it to be an incredibly good pub. The staff are friendly and chatty but will leave you to it if you're a sour puss. Vast selection of whiskies, don't ask me to name which ones I've tried! I didn't have a decent look in the fridges but there aren't a great deal of taps on the bar so don't go expecting to try a range of craft ales.Food wise there are numerou pizzas, which fairly standard fare pepperoni things, through to the Nick Drake (Duck, spring onions and plum sauce) to Abbey Road (Zebra! and other things i've forgotten, but serious Zebra!) I opted for a haggis topped pizza and was a little underwhelmed by it. Perhaps I should have been more adventurous.Pay attention to this bit though, as for those it means something to I have big news for you:THE ONION RINGS ARE AMAZING!seriously i had like 4 buckets of them.
4	Menu rotates daily. The soup and sandwich special makes for a great lunch. Friendly staff. The name represents a unit of measure.
4	One dollar pizzas on Mondays after 5! (When you buy a drink)Good food.  Good bartending.
4	We had a great lunch here after visiting holyrood palace- just a short walk up the street. I liked the environment, friendly service, and my salad with fish cake was very tasty!  My husband enjoyed his haggis hamburger!
