5	If your looking for a good buzz and a nice shave this is the place to hit up!Gerardo's is one place i would return to every two days just cuz im pretty hairy. lol On a Fa real tip though im from Cali and when i stepped into this place I thought I was in cuba, It has a very nice ambiance and the staff makes you feel very welcome. This is one of the first barber shops I have ever been to and I have to tell you it is exactly what i expected. Nothing short of fanaminal. On another note I was refered to this place from another barber shop called FINO, a "Gentlemens Barbershop" . Im Glad i ended up going to Gerardo's. It is ThE' BEST place.
5	Ok, I said I would never review this shop, ever. Not because they're bad. The opposite is true. This place is a gem. I've been coming here for over five years. I too, am from Southern California. I wasn't recommended here. I was desperate for a haircut. I don't do salons. I drove until I saw the words barber. The inside of this place is just buzzing. It's spacious and interesting. The owner was my first barber. I've tried several barbers since. I get the full barber treatment here. Recently, I noticed that Floyd Mayweather's training camp is located in the same plaza. I do recall driving around the rear of the plaza and noticing a RR Phantom. Thought it looked shady. Now I know who it belonged to. This barber shop is about five minutes down the street from the Wynn and Palazzo. I recommend a taxi or driving. It's too far to walk from the strip. I'm going to Vegas this weekend for the Mayweather/Marquez fight. I'll be visiting Gerardo's like any other Vegas trip.
4	I've been coming here for about 6 months now, every week and a half or so.  In the 7 or so years that I've lived here I've mainly gone to 4 different barber shops (depending on where I lived).  This place is interesting....  Never seen a place quite like it.  Typically when I've moved to a new city, I try to find a good "ghetto" barber...  pardon the expression.  But typically the best barber shops are well....  not usually located in the best parts of town.  When I moved to vegas I did the same.... found MLK blvd and viola!  Good barber shops.  But that's too far a drive....Anyway, this place is good...  similar style to your typical predominantly black barber shop....  although everyone that works there is hispanic.  And it's located in the middle of China Town.  Haha...  They get a good mix of customers, mostly hispanic...  but not a big deal, they almost all speak english well enough (one guy I can think of doesn't).  I usually go early mornings and never really have to wait long... although later in the day they can get busy... and it's hard to tell who has appts. when you just walk in.  Bottom line.... they're friendly enough, and do a pretty good fade.   That's all I need to know.   Oh, and cash only.... although I believe they have an ATM there.
3	If you need to get away from the strip, want to get a decent haircut, and you are a dude, you can try this establishment. This is the place where the guys who are working at the hotels get their haircut (I noticed a number of customers wore casino uniforms). The prices were pretty standard. $12 for just a cut and $ 32 for them to shave everything (on your head).  Your cut will probably will vary on the guy you get. My barber was an older man and I think he had trouble understanding what I wanted right a way. I had to clarify through the course of the cut, but he did a good job of adapting. He was vary meticulous and took his time on each part of the cut. I am going with 3 stars instead of 4 because of the wait. I had to wait longer than a couple other gentlemen who came in after me, not because they had appointments, but because they were regulars.
2	This barber shop has so much potential to be everything that it could be but it seems like something is missing. I've been coming here for over 6 years and the ambiance is good. It's got a carribean/Dominican/hispanic theme, not that they're trying to be it but almost all the barbers and customers are either Dominican, Cuban, or southamerican. I think this is pretty cool. Now to what this barber shop is lacking.. Customer service! I feel that everyone is treated like a number including myself who has been coming here for years. They're main objective seems to have as many cuts in a day as possible. Today was my final day at gerardos barber shop. Why? The owner Gerardo cut my hair and basically didn't follow my directions to my hair cut. He did it his own way outlining my directions. No customer satisfaction. I went to sport chalet immediately after to buy a hat cuase i was too embarrased to show my head. End of story.
4	Great work done here. This barber shop knows how to take their time on your head. 13 bucks for the regular cut. Young mexican fellow was very meticulous and fixed my hair till I was satisfied.
5	I decided to give this place another try and found that Willie is great! It took awhile to find the right place for my son to get a nice haircut. My son got a fade and was lined up nice. They even used a razor to clean him up a little. It cost $13 for his haircut and it was well worth it. I went to other barber shops and they could not get his hair cut right. This place deserves a 5 star! I love the service that Willie provided and he also took the time to make sure my sons hair looked good. Willie is available everyday except for Tuesdays. OH I did forget to mention that the owner cut my sons hair a while back and I didnt really like it. It was EHH OK.
4	Toney getting a blowout? We just got done eating dinner at Hot & Juicy and came across this Barber Shop.  Toney decided he wanted to get his "hair did."  I'm not a stylist/barber so to me everything is good as long as it gets cut.  On the other hand...Toney has the experience SO....he critiqued.  I guess a blowout is real hard to do that even Toney can't do it.  The guy who cut his hair per Toney did an excellent job.  It took a while for Toney to get his "blowout" but it was because of such a personable experience.  The barber was asking where he was from etc.  So basically made him feel welcomed.  That's always nice to "feel like you belong."  Heard the owner had 8 barber shops and found out that Toney has a salon back home and was trying to sell him one.  LOL.  Hmmmmmmm... :)
4	Coming from LA where barber shops plentiful and skilled barbers are common... I was shocked to find that in Las Vegas... finding a half-decent barber is a freaking MISSION. Based on my past few experiences of trying different LV barbers...I notice that most barbers in Las Vegas lack real skills and have major arrogant attitudes.So when I came accross Gerardo's Barber shop... you can imagine how ecstatic I was to find a barbershop that knew how to give a good bald fade and a clean line up. Whenever I'm in Vegas and in need of a cut... I usually hit up Hugo at Gerardo's... he's the man to go if you need a clean fresh cut. $13 + an appropriate tip... not bad at all.
4	This is the only decent barber shop I've found in Vegas. Coming from LA I didn't realize how good we have it there and got a few BAD fades and line ups before I found Hugo here. He's the man, the wait can be long depending on the day so I call ahead for an appointment. I got a really miserable cut from another guy here so be careful who you go to. Super cheap. My bald fade is $15 compared to $35 in LA.
4	Classic barber shop.  Very reasonable prices ($13).
5	Ok, I thought I found my barber in Henderson at "my barbershop" but it was Sunday and I gave this shop a roll because I was in the area. I hate how this feels like cheating...I am impressed. I met "NY" sitting outside the shop and he took the initiative to greet me and had a real positive, go-getter attitude. He suggested a "taper" cut and I love how tight my fade is. I like how he really got close with the straight-edges and took his time to get it right. He suggested that he had a Ph.D. in "hairology", I don't know if it's an active field of research, but I'll be the first to support the conferral of his degree when it does become one.
4	Growing up in the NYC area, your cut is a vital part of your image. You could be decked out in a fresh tee or Polo. Some True's and a pair of J's, but if your cut was wack, you better have a fitted to cover it up.After gettin' a cut here I can leave my hats at home. Well, depending on who I let chop me up. I usually get tapered by Jose Luis. He blends well and takes his time trimming with the shears. It's pretty convenient too. I call like for my appointments like 2 hrs ahead. Only negatives are.. He pushes my hairline and line up a little TOO high for my liking. I like it clean but closer to the natural hairline. Other than that, not all the barbers cut on the same level. So just pay attention!
4	interesting place but they actually did a good job.
2	I went to this place just moving here from NC, I went up to the barber and said how you doing today my name is martin. the guy looked at me like I was on drugs. didn't say hi or talked at all. very rude, they give good haircuts but the barbers are rude.
5	Moving to Las Vegas, one of the first things I had to accomplish was finding a replacement barber shop... obviously really important because I care more about my hair than most people care about their own children.  Luckily I don't have kids... but, I digress.The reviews do not lie.  They care a lot about your hair, just like any proper latino barber shop.  Fair prices, I don't go anywhere else in Vegas.
5	I was staying at New York, New York in Vegas and yelped barber shops and came up with this one!  What a gem, old school, with guys who listen to what you want and do it right.  If my wife wasn't waiting for me, I would have hung out, the atmosphere is even good!  Need a cut or shave, this is the place!
4	This is my second time getting a hair cut here and both times they were good....Got lucky the first time that I only waited 5mins on a Friday....but I arrived in Vegas at 8am... So it wasn't like Friday afternoon when it makes sense to have an appt.On Wednesday I gotta hair cut from Johonny... He did a good job with my fade He did a good job lining up my sideburns that most barbers have a hard timeEach time I need a haircut and I'm in Vegas I always come here...Haircut price $12
5	I called in around 5:50 and Gerardo picked up. I asked him what time they closed for the night and he responded that he could give me an appointment for 6:30 even though their actual hours are only till 6:00. I came through, the door was locked, but Gerardo let me in anyways. I got my hair cut exactly the way I like it, tapered with the straight-edge shave. Never had better service from a barber.
4	Went to this barbershop because its close to my house. The guy that cut my hair didnt seem like the friendliest guy ever, i dont know if there was a language barrier but he seemed to be upset that i was in his chair. Normally this would be a good enough reason to give them a 1 star review. I told him how i wanted my cut and he did a great job. I thanked him and left a $5 tip and he seemed to lighten up. Wouldve been a 5 star review had the barber been nicer. All in all i go for the haircut and not to make friends and the haircut was excellent
3	I am conflicted on where I stand on Gerardo's Barber Shop. When I look at the sides, I am more than excited to spread the word on how well they did. I asked for a fade that was cut down to 1 1/2. I could not be happier with how it turned out. The clean workmanship and attention to details with a razor is impeccable. My problem lies with how they handle the crown of hair. I asked for a trim and got a good inch lopped off straight across. I know that this is a barber shop and not a salon, but am still in shock by lack of attention. The idea that it was not measured out and cut to how the hair grows would throw most people off because it has no consistency. Good thing my work is completely accepting of more unique hairstyles.
5	Can't believe I just found an awesome Latino barbershop and I'm leaving town. Let me just say that 90% of the time I leave a barbershop/salon disappointed. These guys are all great!! Only got my hair cut once by the owner, Gerardo, but I could sense all these guys are pretty confident in their skills. It's got that NYC boricua feel. So if you have curly hair and want either a modern or classic cut, this place will treat you right. And the prices are extremely reasonable!!
5	Can never go wrong going here. It's hard finding a barbershop you trust, and if you're need of a new barbershop this is definitely worth your time. I always get my cut from Frank, also great for a straight razor shave.
5	Was a bit apprehensive when I was directed to the Asian lady in the back: Yaty....CAN I say: GLAD SHE DID ME!!! Did me GOOD!!!!Not only did I receive a SUPERB hair cut, but I also had a shave that was topped any I have received at the art of shaving.Yaty DEFINITELY gets my vote for BARBER of the Joint!
4	Good haircut, good service and very reasonable price. The place is not the best looking and no credit card accepted, so be ready with cash.
5	1st time in this barbershop. Really good haircut by Yaty Asian lady in the back, and I'm very picky on who cuts my hair. And knowing this place is owned by Gerardo my old barber from 10yrs ago you know this barber shop is quality. I would suggest this place to anyone who needs a really good haircut li
5	My boyfriend's favorite barbershop. This is a must stop every time we're in Vegas. It's an old school barbershop where they use straight razors to do their line-ups. I don't know much about men's cuts but I do know that he always ends up looking even better when they're through with him! Please do your women a favor and come get your haircut here!
5	I was a walk in everyone looked busy...I asked if they do straight shave and was directed to yaty. Sometimes you just get lucky. I had an outstanding experience with her. First was excellent straight shave and then I decided to get a hair cut. I was impressed with the meticulously executed shave and cut...cuts are hard for first time.  I am so thrilled I just moved here and now have found my hair cutter for me and my father. Shave was 20 haircut was 13...gave her 40...well worth it. I also love the old school feel if the place and it's located in Chinatown which is awesome cause we love Chinese food !
5	God dammit this place is so good.  I got my hair cut by Gerardo himself. I might have to start flying out to Vegas to get my fade.Certified TIGHT.
5	I've been coming here for about a year now and I haven't stopped coming ever since. Frank is the guy to see!! He's consistent and has never let me down. If looking for a barber or barbershop, this is your place.
5	So this is my 2nd time going in there. I only went the first time Cuz my other barber shop was closed and I desperately needed a fade. my 1st time I got cut by Gerardo. He's an older Hispanic dude w a sikk ass mustache (very jealous btw). Whenever I go to a new barber the only thing going thru my head is "please don't fuck my hair up..Please don't fuck my hair up" But in the end he did  a good job w the fade n line up which is why I went back a 2nd time. But this time he was busy and i was on my way to a pool club interview so he asked if any barber was ok. Usually it's not but i had no time/choice. He directed me to the little asian lady in the back, Yaty. My walk to her was almost as dreadful as the walk of shame.So I sat in her chair and told her what I wanted, a bald fade n line up with a curved part in the front. She started w the part and as she was doing it my first reaction was "damn why did I ask her to do the part?!?"  But when she finished the part w the clippers it came out super clean n nice. Her hands were steady and she definitely knew what she was doing. She finished me up with a razor line up and to be honest THIS IS ONE OF MY BEST HAIRCUTS EVER!! NO JOKE!! Who would have thought this little Vietnamese lady would throw down a clean ass bald fade n line up. I'm definitely going back to Yaty and if she's not there I'll have a lot of faith that the other barbers will do a good job. 2 for 2 at a barber shop is always a good sign!!!
5	I'm hesitant to mention the great hair cuts Yaty gives because I prefer not to wait for an opening. (Appointments recommended.)She's awesome. I had two people mention how cool my hair cut looked. I enjoy the decor of the shop and the local banter. The fee is reasonable ($15) and I appreciate how detailed oriented Yaty is. I look forward to my next visit in about 2 weeks knowing it'll look great, again.
1	Went here awhile ago to get a cut with a barber I was recommended. Don't remember his name but anyways I asked if he could cut my hair he said he was busy until 5:30pm which was hours away. Didn't even offer me if I wanted to set up an appointment with him another day or nothing I stood there like ok then? As he kept cutting hair I mean I know your busy but when you have a customer in front of you at least knowledge them I left the place  because of the customer service. First impressions are most important and this place failed.
4	Great old school barber shop.  There around 7-8 barbers here, so the lines go fast.  As a guy with super thick and straight (or curly under a microscope) hair, the littlest imperfection shows up immediately.  Marco hooked me up and made sure my fade was right.  He also did the razor line up right.  The haircut is superb, and I highly recommend coming here.  5 stars for the haircut.The only downside is that the barbers don't speak English to each other, so I didn't understand anything said.  The atmosphere is definitely loud and upbeat, but I just didn't know anything there were talking about.  Another thing, my haircut was $15 although the wall advertised $13.  Whatever, I'm not a stickler for 2 bucks, but it definitely will affect the review.  It could have been something lost in translation, but I was extremely happy with the haircut.  3 stars for atmosphere.4 star experience overall.  This will be my regular place from now on.
1	oh my god yaty sucks!!she tottally messes up my hair she is horrible idk why u have someone who doesent know how to cut hair working for you the fade was the worst u could imagine i had to have the person that works next to her fix it
5	Took my 2 year old nephew in for a haircut after a recommendation from my husband. My husband has had the worst time trying to find a barber that understands "low fade".. Seems pretty simple.. go figure. My husband loved his haircut each time. 2 different trips here and 2 different barbers. After waking in on a Saturday am with no appointment (slightly stupid) I asked for the barber who cut my husbands hair.. He suggested I come back in 30 minutes... And I'm glad we did! He cut my nephews hair amazingly, being 1/2 Belizean and 1/2 Mexican, his hair is quite the task. Nice Mohawk fade with no bs "cool guy" barber yak in the middle. We will be back for sure! Barbers name.. I'm embarrassed to admit I can't remember. Starts with a J and he's the second chair in on the left. : /
5	Been goin here for years and seen a handful of barbers, they're all good, no other shop compares... I just moved to henderson but I'll still be getting my cut at Gerardos
3	I came to Vegas to visit after traveling for a while and I was in need of a hair cut bad. As always I knew it would be hard finding a barber that won't mess up my hair. Well I went on yelp to look at reviews and this shop has pretty good reviews. The barber with great review was of course super busy with 3 people waiting. So I "interviewed" one of the barbers (guy with white mustache) with an empty chair and explained how important it was that he knew how to cut with scissors. He seemed pretty confident so I gave him the job. He did a great job when it came to using the clips and gave me a nice fade. When he picked up the scissors and gave the first cut, it started going down hill. He didn't even "measure" my hair to see how much he was going to cut. I stopped him and told him to measure properly, and so he did. He did OK with further instructions, but I knew he wasn't too happy about it. I figured that was going to be the best I was going to get, so I paid the man and left. I would recommend this shop if your hair cut requires clips only. If the top of your hair requires scissors go somewhere else. No disrespect, I would suggest the barber who cut my hair, to take a class on techniques to use scissors. Just to freshen up his skills.
5	I was worried when the lady cutting my hair couldn't speak English... but she did an awesome job. Another barber literally came over to explain to her what I wanted. I got lots of time and attention and it costed less than most of my haircuts. They were very busy and I had to wait awhile, but it was worth it.
5	One of the best fades I've ever had .. Live in Bay Area Cali but would consider flying in here 2 times a month to get my hair cut !!! Great environment . A real men's barber shop finally!!!!!! Must go !!!
4	My husband and son get their cuts here every couple weeks. They always go with Johonny. He is very detail oriented and takes his time. The cleanliness needs to be better. I don't like to go because I get hair all over me just by sitting.
3	Today was my fourth time at Gerardo's, and it will be my last. Don't get me wrong, I don't think it's a terrible place, but I just don't like the experience. For one, if you don't speak Spanish, and it bothers you at all to have everyone speaking Spanish around you and makes communicating what you want difficult... Don't come here. That is honestly the number one reason I'm not coming back. The first and 2nd visit I had Ernesto, nice guy but zero english. At first I kind of liked it, had to google translate some things but it was kind of nice to have no pressure to talk. His haircuts were OK, and I tipped him 25% each time thinking hey, building a long term relationship here. Third time I got some older gentleman who gave me a great haircut. Ernesto was busy and I was in a rush. Was really impressed with the haircut and started questioning if my previous two haircuts were worth the money I paid. Fourth time in, as usual multiple ask appointment as you are walking in. I said no, and they all seemed annoyed by this because nobody seemed available.. I said actually I would like Ernesto cause I saw he was free, and I figure OK.. Keep developing this relationship. As I walked towards him, he looked at me with zero recognition and kept talking past me in Spanish but the word appointment jumped out.  Oh, he has an appointment coming in. No worries. So I awkwardly stand there trying to figure out what to do while everyone is just mumbling stuff in Spanish. I was paired up with this guy who looked completely bored to be there, and that was how he cut my hair. Bored, uninterested, speaking to his coworkers (which I don't really mind, but it was in Spanish and like I wasn't even there).His haircut was mediocre. What's worse is that  literally 5 minutes after I sat down, some kid walks in. They start the whole "appointment??" Questioning and the kid says uh no, I'm a walk in. They all looked perplexed or annoyed or something, mumble around in Spanish, and guess who comes walking out of the back? Ernesto. I totally get his appointment status could have changed in 5 minutes, and I get that maybe they were just more desperate at that moment so he had to take it. However I would have thought he might recognize me, or anyone there would treat me with something more than annoyance or disinterest. Maybe if you can speak Spanish and develop a relationship this place is fine. But for decent haircuts in a not particularly friendly environment, no thanks.From now on I'll head to Jimmys barbershop in Summerlin, at least he appreciates the business.
4	I've been coming here for atleast 4 months, it's always busy in the morning, If you want to beat the traffic, you must make an appointment, otherwise you will be sitting until they are free. My first cut was from Gerardo, it was a good cut, classic fade, he definitely knows what he's doing, he may stop and go while he's cutting your hair due to him picking up phone calls from customers, but being the pro he is, I trusted him. Now I go to Frank because this guy is the coolest, he takes his time and has patience. Gerardo was off at one of the times I came in, and Frank happened to be free, that's how I got to meet him, now frank is my go to guy. A lot Spanish speaking in the shop from the barbers, but don't mind it, tell them what you want and they'll do it, as long as you have some reference.
4	The hair cuts here is great. They have so many barbers working that the wait time isn't bad. I like how they line up your hair and taper very well.
5	My barber is Marco, Always punctual! I love it, been going to him every week for 4 years now and i dont plan on changing. When I set appts hes always ready on time and makes me feel like a VIP. Ive went to other barbers if he was off or the 1 time he was out sick and they all do great
4	Honestly, Oslen and Yaty know how to handle their art form.The first time I came here, I wanted to reserve my judgement because I didn't want to write a first time review for my first time being there. The second time was pretty much like my first though, both of those visits being awesome. The atmosphere is welcoming and cultured. You could tell the place had some history. I had Oslen the first time, Yaty the second. Both are great at their craft. Loved my haircut both times. The only thing someone might have a problem with id how long it took. Oslen was ~45 min and Yaty was ~35. If you want a nice cut and you're in the area, this is the place to go.
5	Honestly, Oslen and Yaty know how to handle their art form.The first time I came here, I wanted to reserve my judgement because I didn't want to write a first time review for my first time being there. The second time was pretty much like my first though, both of those visits being awesome. The atmosphere is welcoming and cultured. You could tell the place had some history. I had Oslen the first time, Yaty the second. Both are great at their craft. Loved my haircut both times. The only thing someone might have a problem with id how long it took. Oslen was ~45 min and Yaty was ~35. If you want a nice cut and you're in the area, this is the place to go. Good atmosphere, good people, good haircut.
