3	Went looking for Thai food and found this place instead...LOLI just wanted a quick bite, so I ordered the beef patty and coco bread.  It was great!! I used to live in DC and it reminded me of the little vendors on the streets and college campuses!  The meat in the beef patty was very flavorful and spicy and the pastry was flaky and just right (soft, but crunchy on the ends).  A spicy dipping sauce was included (tamarind?) for the patty and it was so good (just too spicy for Mr. Acid Reflux).  The coco bread was soft, warm, sweet...again, just right!  I only wish they had sopped some butter in the bread, but nothing I couldn't do myself (I got my order to go).All in all, I spent around $10 (after tax and tip) for 2 beef patties and 1 coco bread.  It's an actual sit-down restaurant, so I'll have to go back to try some of the entrees!  Apparently, this place features music on the weekends, so if you're into Dancehall, Calypso, Reggae, or Afro-beat-type music, it might be your new fav dive!
5	Since moving to Charlotte I have been on the lookout for authentic Trinidadian/Caribbean food.  I have tasted the Buss up Shut from here with curry beef with potato and it was authentic! My husband is already trying to entice me to return so we could try the rest of the menu! He had a Carib while he waited for the food.  I have not had a Carib in years however I prefer Shandy Sorrell :-)  I am originally from Trinidad however I have lived in the States for the past 11 years.  I will definitely return to try some more!
4	Great little place tucked away.  Been there few times, the regulars are great. This is an authentic Trinidadian/ Caribbean place. Good service, real island style vibe. This is a hidden gem.
4	Without Yelp I wouldnt have known it was there.  Apparently they have been there since April 2012.  The food was tasty and different.  We ate curried chicken Roti  with a side of plantains and it was delicious and the plantains were cooked perfectly.  They also have a drink called Sorrel, go ahead and try it.  Unfortunately they were out of coco bread, but that just gives us another reason to return.  The staff was nice and helpful. we will go back and take friends.
3	Neat little place very convenient to where we live . Food is authentic Caribbean but service is slow. Ordered the jerk chicken plate with dhal which was delicious and very decent quantity. The dessert was very dry however. All in all good place with good food  but need improvement in speed of service and need to improve quality of the desserts served.
4	This is a hidden gem. A little sceptic at first because it was empty but I'm glad we stayed! The food is all made from scratch and very authentic! We tried the Jerk chicken rice dish with sweet plantains and the goat Roti... all excellent!! I will definitely be back!
4	Finally! A Trini restaurant in Charlotte. A great place for comfort food -- goat, spicy rice and peas, and stew fish just to name a few.
4	It's been a while since I've had some Trini food and this spot was recommended so I stopped in for lunch. I had the jerk chicken, with veggies and peace and rice. I asked for mild spice...but let me say, my dish still opened up my sinuses! haha The food was fantastic, and I will have to make it a point to come back in the evenings when there is live music. Stop in for lunch or dinner if you're looking for authentic, west Indian food!
4	When this came up on my Yelp search, I had to try it. We were on our way to the mall for some back to school shopping and it looked too good to pass!It's a bit difficult to find. It's next to HH Gregg, tucked in a little strip mall on the side - worth the effort!It wasn't too busy when we went but it was a gorgeous day and most people were probably on the lake. We were seated quickly and after a minute or two, the manager (I think) took our drink orders.  He made recommendations on lunch thankfully since we didn't know what the heck a roti was. Turns out, it's like a wrap only it's hot, rectangular and large!  Mine was stuffed with curry chicken and potatoes and my husband had the jerk chicken (& potatoes, too).  Tons of food and delicious. Forgot to mention that our server brought out some little rolls/dough puffs before our meal was served. The dipping sauce was pretty spicy - loved it!  With our meal, he brought out a trio of sauces which went from spicy to hot.  I'm a wimp when it comes to heat so it probably wasn't spicy to the average person.My son went with the chicken tenders and fries and I couldn't resist dipping a few pieces in the sauces. Yum!This place looks like it really gets busy in the evenings. They have a stage in the corner and lots of speakers. I'd imagine if you went there at 11pm on a Friday, you're experience would be much crazier. Still fun, though!Give me a try for lunch or dinner. Awesome food!
2	I would give it 4 stars for food - read on to see why I only gave it 2. The only Trini eatery in this area -which makes me happy since I'm half Trini and LOVE my Dahl puri & stew chicken!  It's not necessarily a family friendly restaurant (more of a bar/ club atmosphere at night) so we try to go on weekends durning the day . We love to come here but today we drove out 40 minutes to find it closed when their site and voicemail say it should be open.  Saw many people pull up, look through the window, wait around and then leave.  I can't imagine they will stay open for long with that kind of customer service.  Hopefully they get their act together because it's a gem - but driving a total of 80 mins to have no roti was very disappointing.
5	Great food and service.   The bartender Tiara is top notch.   I would recommend this place to anyone who wants something different.
5	I am from Boston Ma, were you can get excellent Roti on every corner!!! When I moved here to Charlotte I went in search of Caribbean food just to be disappointed. Then some friends told me about Twilight. They used to be located off Mallard Creek Rd and when they moved I followed them over here to the new one off WT Harris BLVD. behind HH Gregg. I am telling you Twilight is the TRUTH. The shrimp Roti... The Best in Charlotte. I want to thank Twilight for bringing a proper Caribbean experience to Charlotte!!!! Keep of the good work!
1	Went for the first time yesterday good Jerk wings, very disappointed with the FOOD! I purchased oxtails with rice and peas..oxtails were VERY TOUGH Not enough flavor and the rice was VERY Hard not fully cooked! I would stick to the wings and drinks!!
5	The food is very good. We told the waiter we had never been there before and he gave us excellent recommendations. The dishes are also fairly inexpensive considering the amount of food you get. Definitely recommend if you're looking to try something a little different!
1	I went for the doubles and I was totally disappointed. I did try other  food items and found that the seasoning was just what it should be. The place is great for those who are not from Trinidad so they may not realize that some seasoning has been omitted.
5	I go here all the time. The owners are sweet. There's a good mix of reggae, soca, old school r&b and today's hits:-)
5	I've been in Charlotte for about a year, and this is most DEF my go-to spot! The staff is great, food is magnificent, vibe always nice! A true gem here in the QC!
3	Best Trinidad food ever. Worst service ever, just like Trinis.... hahaha. They can cook good food and party. I guess thats all that matters.
