4	My name is Daniel. S. Today the "S" stands for sharing. I want to share with you the newest park to open in the City of Henderson. It is Whitney Mesa Recreation Area. The Whitney Mesa Recreation Area does not give the most remarkable first impression.  It is located off a high traffic segment of Sunset Road in the Henderson commercial corridor.The parking lot blends in with a 7-Eleven and Fresh & Easy. The Whitney Mesa Recreation Area exceeded my first impression.  Part of the reason that Whitney Mesa Recreation Area gets a poor first impression is that the parking lot is very cramped.  The spaces are few and the parking stalls small. A few feet from leaving the parking lot, the excitement builds. There is a warning sign letting the hiker be aware that this is a snake habitat. That is kind of interesting since 7-Eleven and Jack In The Box is nearby. A little further, the trail crosses a stream adorned with palm trees. To the left is a bluff with an apartment complex and wetlands to the right. As the trail progresses further into the preserve, to the right is a large lot that will be a housing development. Some hikers would say that this will spoil the hike. The reality is that Whitney Mesa Recreation Area is an island of nature in Henderson. In a few feet the development is seen from a birds eye perspective as the trail gains elevation up a mesa.  After the elevation climb, the trail develops into a mile long overlook featuring the City of Henderson spread like a carpet below toward Black Mountain and the River Mountains, and North Las Vegas spread like a carpet to French Mountain. There are three major overlooks. The south overlook affords outstanding views of Black Mountain, Sunset Station, Green Valley, and Railroad Pass. The central overlook affords outstanding views of the Galleria Mall, the vicinity of the future water park, Desert Wetlands Park, and the River Mountains. The north view, which is just south of Patrick Street affords outstanding views of Frenchman Mountain. I have shared these pictures on Yelp. The benches make a nice spot to take in the views and relax. I sat on the benches listening to "Joy to the World" as the scenery brought joy to my soul. Despite all the outstanding views of Henderson, the Las Vegas Strip and the City of Las Vegas are nonexistent here. The only reminder of the Strip is the Stratosphere towering over Green Valley Medical. I was slightly disappointed that the trail was truncated south of Russel Road. If it reached the genuine north end of the mesa at Russel Road, I am nearly confident that there would be views of Las Vegas.  In addition to the overlooks, the Whitney Mesa Recreation Area is an island of nature up on a Henderson mesa. The path passes along molten rock and creosote. On this island of nature, the primary path is level dirt where the side overlook trails are slightly rocky. It is an easy hike. It is also a popular hike that I shared with many people. From the second overlook are trails reraching to the ground level trails near the Whitney Ranch Recreation Center building, The trails are rated difficult. At the bottom is  the newest part of the recreation area.   Before I conclude this review, I want to share with you that Whitney Mesa Recreation Area is one of a few new parks in the City of Henderson. By the end of the Spring, the City plans to complete Cornerstone Park which will include Railroad Lake. There will also be an extension of the Union Pacific Trail from Acacia Demonstration Gardens to Cornerstone Park, and a new trail along Lake Mead Parkway. It was nice to leave Whitney Mesa Recreation Area knowing that this is just one of a few new parks that the City of Henderson is building.The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 44 of 100.
4	Oh what a view, will be the words you utter once you reach the top of the mesa. Looking at Whitney Mesa quickly, there is nothing special or flashy about it. I used to unknowingly pass it all the time while driving up Sunset. A little parking lot is where you start your venture. The rocky path  gradually ascends and snakes it's way up the mesa.There used to be a wash and little pond , but unfortunately housing developments swallowed up that little piece of nature. It's not a very strenuous trek up before you know it , the path plateaus and your'e at the top of the mesa. The first thing you see when you reach the top is a little park bench and cemented rest/lookout area. From there you can see a beautiful panorama of the city of Henderson. The mesa stretches out for quite a long way, you can continue along it and enjoy more beautiful views from the top.
