5	A great place to take tours to.  They are the shop that Tanked from Animal Planet is based on.  Tanked is the number 1 show on Animal Planet.  They are always great to see our tour groups. The General is great with everyone.  Wayde and Brett are friendly and Czar is great to see..Heather and Agnes are really great to say hello to as well..
4	Like a large percent of people, I came in here because I'm a fan of the "Tanked" TV show on Animal Planet.I only recently started watching the show a few months ago, but became a fan right away and figured it would be cool to stop by and check out ATM since I'm out here in Vegas.  It was about 4pm, and I walked the main door trying to find out how to go about going on a Tour of the Facility though no one was sitting at the front desk...and I was hoping to meet the General.I then walked over next door to the ATM store and was immediately greeted by one of Wayde's Tabby cats who was laying down on the counter just relaxing.  There was a sight seeing tour inside and a large group of people were gathering around Wayde and his wife Heather to take pictures.  My girlfriend walked in shortly after and we too took a few snapshots with them.  I spoke with the Kings for a few minutes and they were really down to earth people (tried to figure out a fish pun here).  As were were chatting I could hear his Macaws in the back and I asked if it was okay to see the Birds.  He said there was a little hallway in the back where you could see them, but we were not allowed in the back as they were filming an Episode of Tanked.  The Birds were cool, and my girlfriend pointed out a cubicle in the back that had a bunch of Robbie Redneck's stuff.
5	Hands down what a great experience it was for us. We came in a little after 10:00am and were greeted right off the bat by a very nice gentlemen. He asked where we were from and explained what we could do and if we bought stuff he would have them sign it. So we walked around a little and toured the shop. We then bought some merchandise and other guy took our stuff and got it signed. The General then came out and we took pics and talked a bit. These guys are so down to earth and fame sure as not gone to their heads! We then went into the office for a quote on a tank and ran into Brett. Talked with him a little and took a pic! Great place to visit and made a trip complete! Thanks for a great time ATM!! You guys and gals rock!!
5	" Tanked" as seen on animal planet!!! and we got to meet Wayne and one of his business partners.. we actually came here on a fluke hoping we could just see the office, but it turned out to be perfect timing.. as we had shown up a tour bus showed up as well.. so we just pretended to be with the tour. Wayne King was really friendly and took pictures and signed autographs.. I was more excited to see all the exotic fish they had since this not only there manufacturing company but they also do sell beautiful exotic fish. We took a picture of them right in front of the backdrop they use for their show interviews and even thou the MAIN building area of tanks was closed off, we where able to see Redneck's work station and the birds.. overall a very fun experience.. I look forward to going back to have Wayne King sign one of the pictures he took with us and to take more pictures of the School Bus Fish Tank parked right in front of the main office entrance.
5	Awesome! The General came out to sign autographs and take pictures. Everybody working there is super friendly. You can see them working on tanks too. If you like the Tanked TV show this is WELL WORTH THE VISIT!  It's a little out there. About $25 each way from the strip. Worth every cent. Extensive collection of stuff for sale. Make sure you check their website for the current location. They indicated they have moved a lot. As of today they are on Martin Avenue. I would call it southwest of the heart of the strip in an industrial neighborhood.
1	May be good with tours but they do not stand behind the work of their affiliates. They referred me to a guy in Jacksonville Fl who built my tank using all used parts and the stand looked like a pre schooler built it. Then, I get cussed out on the phone by the sales manager Frankie because I told him I was tired of hearing Wade is out of town and I would hear back from him by Friday. This went on for a month and a half. I guess if your not on the show or spending hundreds of thousands of dollars you don't matter to them. I appreciate you guys hooking me up with a loser and then blowing me off! I had to have my tank completely redone by a reliable company. Find someone better. TV has these guys heads a little inflated!
5	One day Brett came in to my store ( Home Depot )  with his family to rent a tool. I recognized him since I watch the show. I happened to help him since he was next in line.  He was really a nice guy and very friendly. When I helped him to his car since the tool he rented was very heavy to lift. We chatted for a bit. Before going, he said for me to come in to the shop for a tour of the shop. Of course I accepted. Days later I went to the shop. Someone at the front desked walked me to his office. He did recognize me and kept his word about the tour. I met some of the workers. Everyone was very friendly. I got showed some exotic fish, the back area where they make the tanks. Met a few of their birds lol. It was a good experience. Thank you to ATM
3	Went on a recent trip to Vegas. Found the place  in the pouring rain.  Was excited to see the place. Walked into a small, unexciting retail "store"  that was just an area of the warehouse that has been fenced off with chain link. Its has 20 or so fish and a few tanks/accessories along with some dusty apparel. Overall,  I was disappointed,  but still a fan of the show.
1	I am rating the retail store only. I am a huge fan of the show and maybe had higher expectations when planning to get away from my group to check put the retail store. It was a total disappointment. Almost nothing in the store. No tanks filled with fish for sale. Just a dusty little place with a couple hats and shirts. Old custom tanks from the shows are there empty except the hot rod. No one greeted us. No one acknowledged us at all. Really I have no idea why it's even there. Total waste of time and money in can fees to get there and back.
5	We made it a point to visit ATM on our recent trip to Vegas because we are such huge fans of the show. Imagine our surprise when the General waltzes out the office door as we enter the retail store. He was exactly like he is on the show - funny, friendly and loves to tell stories! The retail shop had a few of the tank featured on the show so that was nice. There were your standard items like t-shirts, sweaters, hats and posters for sale. We bought as many items as we could! When we were leaving after getting a short tour of the facilities from the General, Brett comes out to greet us! He was also very friendly and accommodating to our requests for photos. The entire staff in the store were very friendly and spoke to us at length about our visit and the sights. What a great impression they all left on our family. We hope others make ATM a must visit when in Las Vegas.
5	I love tanked on Animal Planet so had to stop here while in Vegas. I purchased some gifts at the gift shop and looked in as they were working on a tank. I asked if Wade and The General were in and not only were they in, but i met them and they took pictures with us. What a great group of people!  I couldn't thank them enough.
5	Super friendly staff with down to earth Show Casts !!! Brett was kind and took pictures with everyone there and took the time to talk to my kids. Amazing !!!
1	Unless your a celebrity you don't get emailed back. I have a great project wanting to get done with a vintage fridge. So unless tour a celebrity don't waste your time
4	My niece and nephew loved the show TANKED. So my brother and sister in law and husband all stopped by here. They have some really cool tanks in there (obviously) but its cool to see them up close and personal. They have  bunch of cool fish....some crazy expensive ones. They also have parrots there that say hello. :) super cute. When we walked in we were greeted by the friendly staff and their pig which was super cute! The guys were filming int he green room so we were asked to stay quite which was fine. if you are a fan of the show you should defintly stop by.
5	We did a VIP tour here and I recommend it to anyone that is a fan.  Trisha was an awesome tour guide,   We toured the factory and offices.  We got to meet all the stars and they even took pics with the kids and signed their souvenirs.  Truly a class act with 2 thumbs up!
