5	YES! FTR on location number two!I have been a huge fan of Hawaiian Experience Spa in Scottsdale for probably three years now, and I am very exited that they opened this Chandler location because it spares me from the long drive to Northeast Scottsdale!Just like Scottsdale, the Chandler location is decorated in Hawaiian theme and they certainly went all out. I really love the lounge that overlooks palm trees and the water! You can't get much closer to Hawaii!The facility is really nice, and I love that they added a second locker/changing room. They also have TWO showers (which are worth the trip on their own), steam rooms, and infrared saunas which are supposed to be great to kick start your metabolism.One of the best things about Hawaiian Experience Spa is their wide variety of couples treatments and how well they accommodate couples. They have great date nights or romantic packages for just because (or special occasions). Couples can use all of the facilities together (separate if you prefer) which is really cool. I know that Steve and Kathy put a TON of love into creating this location and I am so happy to see this great local business expanding!
5	A shower.. with 7 heads streaming water?  Wow!  This is the luxury you have to look forward to after your massage here.  The Hawaiian style products they offer for you to use in the shower are very nice as well.  They have a new location $49 special (for 50 minutes, $59 for 60 minutes) which will be a "Client's choice" type massage, depending on what type of pressure and style of massage you prefer.  I went with someone who had the hot stone massage with Brian ($109 for 1 hour).  He really enjoyed the massage, and would definitely book another hot stone massage again.  I chose the $59 special, and my massage was with Steve.  He did a good job at working at problem spots and after the massage and shower, I felt great!  Most of my soreness and tension was relieved.  I asked about Lomi Lomi massage, which is one of their specialties here, and Steve was extremely knowledgeable and recommended their Waikiki massage for next time, which is a combo of therapeutic (more like deep tissue) massage and Lomi Lomi.  I'd definitely like to go here again next time my muscles are sore and I want to be pampered.P.S.  They accept SpaFinder gift certificates, and they have very easy online booking.  Also, the waiting area is very scenic, as it overlooks one of the man-made residential lakes in the Chandler area.
5	Finally made it down to Cathy and Steve's Chandler location and I must gush about how easy the new location is to find!The new spa is spacious with 2 bathrooms, 2 (heavenly 7-headed) showers, 3 changing rooms with lockers, 2 saunas, a lounge area that overlooks the lake, great massage rooms for singles and couples, a room for facials.Of course the best part is the great variety of massages they offer. My personal favorite is the Lomi Lomi where getting the 90min treatment is a must since 60mins is just not long enough!  In fact, I got a 90min treatment a couple of days ago and it felt like it ended too quickly that I might just have to make reservations for a 120min treatment next time!!If you are looking for a special and unique massage experience, this is the place to come!!
5	I have had a membership at Hawaiian Experience Spa for about 3 ish years at their first location in Scottsdale. I love going but don't always find the times since it's a bit of a drive, so when I heard they were opening a Chandler location, I was ecstatic!I thought the decor of the first location was amazing, but they have truly outdone themselves here. Everything is so beautiful and I love the waterfall showers (yes, two!), so amazing. The lounge where you wait prior to your treatment overlooks a little lake and is the perfect way to get you in a relaxed mood. I've seen Brian twice for massages now and I am so impressed with his knowledge and ability to work out those tough spots in my neck. I feel like they always select their therapists so carefully and offer the best of the best on their staff.Congrats to Cathy and Steve on a second location! Thank you for continuing to offer affordable memberships and always providing me with a relaxing experience and making me feel so comfortable.If you haven't had a chance to visit the spa, you are REALLY missing out!
5	We were recently in Arizona for a few days for a short vacation and spring training. We stayed in Mesa, and the drive to this location was not bad. My husband set me up a lovely spa package at Hawaiian Experience, I believe it was the Relaxation Package while the boys went to another game. I arrived a half an hour early, and since I am in a similar industry I know that can be annoying for the people working but since we weren't sure of the drive or area we wanted to leave plenty of time. It was no problem.A girl took me right back and handed me a key to my locker so I could change into a robe and slippers. Easy locker rooms to change in, and when I opened up my locker there was a Ghirardelli chocolate square waiting with my comfy robe. Come on - chocolate is always a plus!  Very quiet and comfy waiting room that overlooks a lake area.  Drinks, snacks and the Hawaiian music really made me miss Maui.  Kara did my hot stone massage first, she had a very gentle nature and the hot stone massage was quite light but soothing. After that I had an hour long regular relaxation massage where she really worked over my problem areas. She was quiet but great at asking about my needs. After 2 hours of bliss, she took me to the awesome shower room to wash off the yummy smelling coconut oil. I had enough time to get a glass of water and to snack on some trail mix before my facial with Cheryl. WOW! Cheryl is amazing at what she does. Hands down the best facial I've ever had. Very thorough and went the extra mile. She knows her products well (love the Eminence line) and told me my skin was dehydrated - which I had no idea of I always thought my skin was on the oily side. Could be all the sun, but either way I was glad to know her thoughts. She really personalized my facial and if I lived nearby I would be seeing her on a regular basis. My package included $25 in product, so I walked way with a yummy smelling soap, candle, and lipbalm - all from Hawaii. If I come back to Arizona - I will be back!
5	I was in Arizona a few weeks ago for vacation.  My trip was during the time that Spa Finder was having Wellness Week....50% off of some services or $50 for a service.One of my longtime friends was driving up from Tucson and we were planning on going to The Sanctuary Spa on Camelback Mountain on a Saturday.  Well...The Sanctuary "misscheduled" our Appointments for 2 days prior:(:(:.  Now it's Saturday Morning, Last Minute and Wellness Week....3 strikes your out:(:(:(I called and was able to get 2 afternoon appts at the same time!  Great Service!  I had the Pineapple Coconut Organic Facial with Cheryl.  It was Heavenly.  My friend had the Lomi Lomi Massage which she loved:):):.  This Spa uses Eminence(sp?) Organic Products which where great for my sensitive skin.  We truly enjoyed our services and our day turned out better than expected!!If you are looking for a Great Place to Relax, have one of their many services, or just gaze out the back of the spa as there is a Big Lake THIS IS YOUR PLACE!!!  This Spa offers tons of different snacks, fruit, tea, etc etc.  Much more than I have seen at Top of the Line Spas!THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR DAY SPECIAL...LAST MINUTE..AND LETTING US USE OUR SPA FINDER CERTIFICATES TO PAY AS WELL......Looking forward to my next trip to AZ and trying out another one of your many services!
3	Typical spa with a Hawaiian flare. Nice set up with lockers, robes and slippers. My massage was great but perhaps a little too much oil.  I would go back.
5	Great experience. I had a massage and facial and it was just divine. The girls there are so friendly and super experienced which is what I look for. I took two friends from out of town and they loved it too. I will be back!!!! Don't EVER go to Massage Envy again-this place rocks if you compare them and your price is the same or better!!!!
5	I recently signed up for their Native Hawaiian membership, which will get you a 50 minute basic full body massage or facial for $49 a month.  It's a great deal, and the quality of massage is so much better than the massages you will find at the discount massage clinics.  You can also use your $49 as a credit towards other services, which come at a discounted rate through the membership.  I'm happy to report that Steve is back at the Chandler location on certain days.  I'm pretty picky about my massages, and he is one of the best massage therapists I've encountered!
5	I joined Hawaiian Experience a couple of years ago, and it's honestly been one of the best things I've ever done. Coming in once a month gives me the opportunity to recharge. As the month progresses, stress starts to build up, but it all just goes away with a lomi lomi, and that relaxation lasts long after my treatment.I usually go to the Chandler location now, but occasionally will go to their other location in north Scottsdale. Both are beautiful spas, but Chandler may have the edge, with the lake view from the lounge.The facilities are great - saunas, multi-jet showers, a steam room, a relaxing lounge, and comfortable treatment rooms.Therapists - I've had treatments from several therapists, and every one of them has been outstanding. But from my first treatment, Nikki has been my favorite. She has a very caring touch, and I find it easy to relax and let the world melt away in her hands.Treatments - The lomi lomi is their specialty, and for a good reason. It's by far the most relaxing massage I've ever had. Stretch it out to 90 or 120 minutes, or go crazy and do a 4-handed lomi, for ultimate relaxation. I have tried some of the other treatments as well, like the chocolate/chocolate/chocolate, the hot stone, and a few others. Everything was always great - hot stones are awesome for sore muscles, but nothing relaxes quite like the lomi.Pricing - The membership fees are very close to the popular chains, but the quality is just so much higher here that I would never go back to Massage Envy. Their standard membership gives you a higher quality massage for less money than the other guys. Upgrade to the "Royal" and get an incredible lomi or other premium treatment every month for just a few bucks more than standard massages at the cheap places.Service - Unlike big national chains, this is a family owned business, and you get personal interaction with them. Over the years I've had a few questions about treatments, billing, even questions asking for advice on a Hawaiian vacation I took last year. Steve or one of the other owners or managers always responds to my emails within hours, and they're always happy to help.I'd highly recommend Hawaiian Experience for anyone - if you're currently going to a big chain, or if you've never had a massage before, you'll be amazed at the difference this kind of place can make for your life.
5	I don't even want people to know how amazing this place is because I want it all to myself! Had an absolutely heavenly experience here with my hubby for his valentines day present. I stumbled upon this place on groupon and called them to see what they had for couples. The receptionist was sweet and knowledgeable and recommended a package called "lomi for lovers". I have to admit I giggled like a school girl as she described the "ritual" as it included picking a candle to burn, robes, and one partner oiling up the other pre-massage. But I thought, "what the hell, lets cheese it up for him"!  I had no idea the bliss that was in store for us.We arrived a bit early but the staff was friendly and had us pick out our candle that would burn during our massage (we picked a nice pineapple scent). We were them whisked away, changed into robes and slippers, and relaxed in their pretty lounge overlooking a quaint little lake. Our masseuses (Zach and Jodi) soon greeted us and explained the process, as a "lomi lomi" is not your typical massage.Our massage was 90 minutes of heaven. We were out on a large table together which we both thought was so sweet. Now fair warning, unlike typical massages, we were draped with very small towels--like omg they can see everything that jiggles!--but the essentials are covered. And once they douse you with lightly scented toasty coconut oil and massage you with long therapeutic strokes, you could care less about what they see! Part way through the massage, they turned us towards each other and massaged our backs. Was so romantic as we both were just nose to nose smiling at each other in our drunk-like stupor. After the massage we added a 30 minute steam in their unique (and private) steam/shower room. This helped the oils soak in and the shower was absolutely amazing with its million jets. Simply wonderful!Cannot thank the staff enough, especially Zach and Jodi,for giving us a midweek vacation from life. We felt so pampered and it truly brought us closer together. We joined the couples club and will definitely look forward to going again.
5	I know a lot of you who have met me have said to yourself (and sometimes to your friends) "Man, I would love to see that guy naked and covered in chocolate" - well you could have had your chance. For Valentine's Day I purchased a Chocolate Lovers couples massage here based on reviews I read online from news outlets and blogs recommending Valentine's gifts. Being Valentine's week the spa ran a sale on the package and by joining the couples club I saved an additional amount. When we decided to book the massage it was an easy process. We arrived a little before the appointment and checked in. We were taken back to the locker room and given a robe and slippers. First up was a chocolate exfoliating scrub from head to toe.  The music was soothing and the ladies were excellent. After that it was time to shower off and return back for a chocolate body wrap. Think of the best chocolate brownie you ever had in your life and wanted to spend the whole day with. I smelled just like that. Then it was back to the shower again and a return for a massage with chocolate lotion. The day ended with time on the patio enjoying lemon and coconut ice cream. There are other snacks in the atrium that are free for the taking. It is nice to relax on the patio with the ice cream and look over the lake. Just remember to keep your robe closed because there are apartments across the lake. The couples massage package lasted for 2 hours and was one of the most relaxing times ever. I can't wait to go back and try other services.
5	This place is wonderful! The staff is amazing and helpful. I had been here to use a special they were running on massages and have not gone anywhere else since! Kim Mercer is a wonderful assuage therapist who listens to you and your body and leaves you feeling pain free! A Must try!
5	The service at this place is great. They do everything they can to accommodate our schedule. I have used Mary H as a massage therapist for about a year. She does a completely amazing job. I definitely recommend the place and Mary as a therapist.
5	Their Lomi Lomi massage is amazing. You just have to try it to understand. Overall very relaxed atmosphere, not pushy salesy or overly pretentious - when I go for a massage I'm trying to relax after all. Their shower rooms are great & the staff have always been super nice and welcoming. It's the type of place where they apologize if you have to wait even 30 seconds for someone to help you. I also like that they have staff bios on their site - it shows that the owners are committed to their staff & expect them to hang around for awhile. Kara was super at my last appointment. Highly recommended. Watch for their specials. Always something great going on.
4	Very nice staff.  Was able to accommodate a same day appointment.Very clean and quiet, with great water views seldom encountered in AZ.The masseuse was pleasant.  The decor is nice as well.The packages and pricing is a little confusing, but the receptionist was helpful with current specials and pre-paid services.I think the highlight of this place is the showers and steam rooms they set you up in afterwards.  Very nice to be able to shower off oils from the treatment.I would visit again.
5	I've tried Massage Envy and Elements, but nothing compares to Hawaiian Experience.  My first massage (the Hawaiian Experience) was great - it combined hot stone, hot shell and lomi lomi.  Jackie, my therapist recommended the Waikiki, as she said my neck and shoulders were very tight. She knows what she is doing - my neck and shoulders haven't felt that good in YEARS! Based on my two experiences with her - I became a member. She is awesome!"
5	Hawaiian Experience Spa in Chandler is awesome. I have been a member here for about 2 years. The main reason I stick with this spa is because they only hire VERY talented therapist. I got tired of going to spas that hired inexperienced girls right out of school. I always try and book with Jackie for a massage as she is amazing, but if I can't get her I can alway be sure I'll get a 4 or 5 star massage from another girl. The products they use for the facials are stellar also and I enjoy facials just as much as the massages and I'm a man. The decor of the place is 4 star, but you're not paying big resort prices either and the talented staff there is why I keep coming back.You won't be disappointed, make the appointment and go enjoy yourself!
5	This place is amazing! Mary and BreAnna are incredible therapists.
5	So I bought a Groupon - well, actually I just mentioned it and got the same deal straight from the spa. Win-win in my book. First when I came here I was greeted by friendly people, that took us for a quick tour of the facilities. Then we disrobed, and got a robe and slippers to wear through the experience. First - 20 min sauna. I am not a huge fan of infrared saunas, since I am more of a Scandinavian wet sauna kind of guy, but I did start to sweat more than I expected. I guess it does have effect even if it doesn't feel so hot. Second - 90 min Lomi lomi.I am not a huge fan of hot stones. It just doesn't increase the experience that much for me - however, it was straight off incredible.  It was what I expected and more. The downside was the complete nakedness that the novis can experience. But totally worth the slight discomfort, for an amazing massage that is different and cathartic.Third -  min steam. So after the massage (which is super oily) a shower is needed, and they provided us with mud and scrub to get rid of all oil while sitting in the steam. Very nice. To close it all, we were led back to the lounge area to relax, cool down and enjoy some chilled dessert (that was remarkably tasty). This concluded our 3+ hours at the spa. Summary.The package as such was probably not something I would do again. No regrets at all, but everything wasn't things I would have chosen - but overall it was amazing, and the massage was second to none. Probably the best massage I have ever had. I will be back, and I am contemplating becoming a member.
5	This is a great local spa with a reasonable price.  I would highly recommend the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage and BreAnna.  She is a great masseuse.  I love the rainwater shower afterwards too.  It is so pleasant and peaceful.  I have been to some high end spas at 5 star hotels around the world, so my spa standards are ridiculously high, but this is a great little piece of Hawaii in AZ.
5	I love the place and the quality of massage therapists at this location.  The attention to detail by the spa is great, with robes and Hawaiian sandals, luxury showers and steam rooms, and unique Hawaiian massage techniques, like Lomi Lomi.In particular, Heather at the Chandler, AZ location is the best massage therapist that I have ever seen.  She has a flawless technique, is very in tune with areas in need of extra work in the context of the massage discipline being delivered, and she is kind and pleasant to talk with.I highly recommend Hawaiian Experience Spa at the Chandler office.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this Spa.  I've been a member for about 8 months, and look forward to my monthly massage appointment every time.  BreAnna is incredibly attentive, really focusing on what I need done each time.  It is my first experience with Lomi Lomi massage - but I am hooked and cannot go back!
4	Have had several Lomi Lomi massages at the Scottsdale spa and this was my first time at the Chandler location. I had Julie, who was just new to doing Lomi Lomi. She was very good and with some practise and doing more she is going to be an excellent Lomi Lomi therapist. The Chandler location is clean and the front desk staff is friendly and welcoming. The prices are very good, especially when you take part in their New Therapist specials. Would recommend Julie for a Lomi Lomi.
5	If you haven't had a Lomi Lomi massage you need to get that booked right now! Zach was professional, caring and confident in his massage technic. Would recommend that you have a Lomi Lomi that will treat your entire body, rejuvenate your soul and make you feel like you have given yourself a treat, because you are worth it. The spa is spotless, appointments run right on time and the showers that they have for after your treatment could be a service on its own!
5	Highly recommend this spa. The front desk staff is pleasant and helpful, the facilities are clean and nicely decorated and maintained, and both the massage therapist (Savanna) and the aesthetician (Tabitha) who I saw were wonderful. Their prices are comparable to other local places and they offer interesting specials and packages. Try the Native massage for a sample of  what the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage is like before you commit if you're unsure or uncomfortable with the draping like I was. I'll definitely be back and am considering their monthly membership.
3	Kim was great! The Lomi- Lomi was excellent. Now, you are probably wondering why 2 stars.Well everyone was lovely at the SPA, checking in was nice, etc.Then it came time for me to pay.  I had a groupon and it had expired so my value was what I had paid. Ok, common practice. The person that first signed me in, was not the person who took care of my check out, and neither were the one I spoke to on the phone. Over the phone I was told I could use the paid amount towards a lomi lomi that was less time. Sure, I said I will do 90 mins instead of 120. Because I was a first time client I was told I would receive $40 off so my total would be $109- which was wrong it would have been $119.Ok, I agree to that no problem.When I went to pay I am told I owe $59. WHAT? $59? I then explained to the young lady what I was told over the phone and her response is: "there's nothing I can do, you just have to pay." HOW RUDE! She just stood there and let me get angrier ad angrier.  I am not the type to cause scenes so I reluctantly paid the $59 and the tip to the therapist, which she deserved.  Any relaxation I had received had just gone out the window and all my knots came right back. I will not be going back to this place. I like to use groupons to find places with good service that I can patronize on a regular basis. UPDATE- I have been working with Steve and he has been communicative and responsive during the process. I will give it another try as the service itself was good.  Once I complete the new service I will update my review. It is good to know that they do read their reviews and take them seriously. For now I have changed my 2 stars to three.
5	I had a great experience here. I had Dara and she is a master at lomi lomi. My first time getting this treatment and I highly recommend it - choose the 90 minute. Anything less I wouldn't think you'd get the full benefit. The coconut salt scrub and hot coconut oil the first 1/2 hour is incredible. My body was left so so soft. You shower off and then return for an hour of lomi lomi. It's an entire body massage experience instead of the usual massage where they start on your back moving to your legs etc. this is something you need to experience. Completely relax and get the full benefits of this massage. I recommend Dara. She is sweet and makes you be at ease. They provide shampoo conditioner body wash and hair dryer for you to shower and get ready after your massage. Love the tiger wood floors, bamboo floors, the glass sinks and Huge beautiful stone showers. I will defiantly be back.
5	i can't say enough great things about my experience at this spa.  it was amazing. i went in almost a week ago and i still feel like i'm glowing.  i was able to snag a groupon for a couple's experience... i was just looking for a basic couple's massage for my boyfriend's birthday at a reasonable price.  this spa day was anything but basic.  we spent twenty minutes in an infrared sauna where we sweated it out together.  look a quick shower and then had a 90 minute lomi lomi massage with hot shells.  the massage was insane.  i feel like i blacked out from being so pampered.  it was absolutely perfection.  after the massage, we were able to do a sugar scrub and a mud mask before we showered off.  there was even a little ice cream treat at the end... sounds weird but it was amazing!!!  i cannot recommend this place enough.  everyone was so kind & mellow... they weren't pushy at all.  i wanted to spend all of my days there.don't be turned off by the weird strip mall location.  the inside is like a little island oasis!!  i admit... i was a little frightened that they were right next to a mexican food restaurant and a sports bar.  uhh what?  but now i love their little spot on the lake.  i can't wait to go back. :)
5	I love this spa! The zen room is really peaceful and I love the sauna and showers! The body wash they have there smells marvelous!
5	BreAnna was great. This just proves that Hawaiian Experience hires the best of the best, as I have had a better therapeutic experience than anywhere else that I have gone previously.
5	Many thanks to Mary for a great, custom-tailored lomi-lomi which relieved nearly all of my muscle tension from a long work week and strenuous weekend of golf! My mobility has improved greatly today resulting from some of the mild stretching Mary integrated with the lomi-lomi. With another challenging work week ahead for me, I'm sure I'll be back soon for another revitalization! Mahalo!!
5	My husband and I were traveling to the area for Spring Training and wanted to get a couples massage.  We were drawn to Hawaiian Experience Spa from the great Yelp reviews and the fact that they do Lomi Lomi massage.  We started out experience with a steam, which was wonderful and loosened us up. My only comment on this is that it would be nice to have a timer or a clock or something in there because we had small window before our massage and I was worried we might go over so I don't think we stayed in there long.  As for our massage, we were in nice big room for the Lomi Lomi.  They put to massage tables together so you can really be next to your signifigant other (hold hands). I had BreAnna and she did a wonderful job on me. I told her medium pressure and that my lower back was a spot I wanted to concentrate on.  She listened to everything I had to say and really pinpointed spots on my body.  The lomi lomi really does feel like a wave of relaxation!  I wish I could find it in Denver!  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place. It is a great place to relax!
5	One of the things we always look for our on our tips in addition to local cigar bars is a spa where the wife and I can get a couples massage together. We usually try to find places that have coed areas so we can relax together before/after the massage, but the reviews of the Hawaiian Experience were stellar and the couples lomi lomi sounded awesome so we wanted to give them a shot.I had Mary as my therapist and after asking me where she needed to concentrate she worked out at all the kinks in my back and neck. I'd never had a lomi lomi before and it was definitely a different kind of experience and if you're shy you probably shouldn't get one! But the massasge was terrific. It actually made me wish  I lived closer so I could get a membership!
5	Wow. Just wow. What an experience the Lomi Lomi massage was. I hadn't ever had one before and didn't know what to expect. I was completely transcended. In a better state of mind than a hypnotist could bring and it's been a few days and I still have no tension in my muscles. (working at a computer 10-12 hours a day this is a wonderful thing!) Mary was wonderful and besides asking what she could do to help and how the pressure was, she didn't chatter and just let me relax while she focused completely on the massage. As the prices are a little more than I can afford I can't do it often but an definitely saving to make this a quarterly treat for myself!!!I am a little sad, after reading the reviews, that I didn't get dessert at the end but I'll get over it. :)
4	Did a 90 minute  facial here.Was very relaxing.Just feel that its a little too pricey.
2	I received a gift card for this spa so I decided to try it out. The environment is wonderful the staff is very friendly and professional. I especially loved the woman who did my waxing services. She was very sweet.However, my wax itself was less than pleasant.  I've always done my own waxes but this was my first professional wax. I wasn't sure exactly how it would be different but I was really surprised... The wax they use is horrible! It took several tries on each side to get the wax to actually remove my hair and because it had to be done over so many times it really, really hurt! It also left a bad residue that took a lot of work to get off which just further aggravated my already raw skin. The lady who did it was even apologizing for how bad the wax was, so clearly she realized it too.All of this would have left me disenchanted but the after effects were much worse. My skin is now raw and peeling horribly. The idea of waxing is to make your appearance better, now I don't even want my skin to be seen. I've never had this problem even when doing a wax on myself and I was really disappointed that the results were worse at a spa than doing it at home.I've heard great thing about this spas facials and massage services and I'm willing to give those a try, but I won't be getting any waxing done there from now on.
5	I love this place! I was first introduced through a groupon, which when you buy those you are never sure what you are going to get. This place far exceeded my expectation. I got the membership so I now visit every month and I have never been disappointed. I lover the Hawaiian style massages, they are very relaxing and help with tension. The therapist always consult beforehand to address any specific concerns. I also love their anti-aging facials. I have gotten complements on how good my skin looks.
5	I had an incredible two hour Lomi Lomi massage from Kim and can't wait to go back! She is extremely professional and kept my "essentials" covered so I felt comfortable the whole time. On the intake form I wrote that i preferred not to talk during treatment, and Kim totally respected that. She checked in with me early on to make sure the pressure was appropriate, and allowed me to select the background music (I picked Hawaiian music with vocals for the total Hawaiian experience.) Incidentally, Kim has a bachelor's degree, in addition to being a licensed massage practitioner and a registered yoga teacher, so I knew I was getting an intelligent, skilled professional with a lot of experience.The private shower after the massage was wonderful: 3 different shower heads with their own temperature controls, as well as luxurious shampoo/conditioner, body scrub and body wash. This was wonderful (and necessary to get off all of the hot coconut oil from the Lomi Lomi massage!)  I did keep my waterproof spa sandals on during my shower, as I wasn't sure if it gets disinfected in between showers users. I am looking forward to returning for a couples' treatment! Definitely a great experience, and worth the cost. If I had unlimited funds I would be here all of the time!
2	A little more than disappointed with the customer service factor. Received a Mother's Day gift for a 1 hour massage. It was an excellent experience. I purchased a groupon for a facial and when I tried to book an appointment was told they could not book me groupons are only for new clients! Wow, so disappointed-not even a mention of how they could help or try to work with me- just a blanket "you should contact groupon and see if they'll give you your money back"
5	This place has great new member deals. They are professional and discrete. I went in for the couple's massage with my husband and it was worth every penny. I left relaxed and LOVE lomi lomi. I was so impressed that I joined as a member.
5	I'm a fan!  Inside an unassuming corner mall in Chandler is a South Seas paradise of peace and tranquility. I went for the far infrared sauna and can't wait to go back for the traditional lomi lomi massage. There's even a view of the water from the lounge. I think this as close as you can get to Hawaii in Arizona!
5	I just can't wait until my next massage & facial..! Each time I come in, I am never disappointed! From the time I booked my appointment with Kara, then had my Maui massage with Jordan; to my anti-aging facial with Emily.. You guys are the best! So professional, I always feel pampered & can't stop bragging about it to all my friends! Keep up the good work!
5	Alec was great! Highly recommend the Lomi Lomi masssage!
5	Hellooo Lomi Lomi!! I had never heard of a lomi lomi massage before, but I saw a 2 hour one available on groupon and snatched it up. I was not disappointed! OMG I have never been more relaxed in my life. I don't know how to explain it, just watch the video on their website and DO NOT let the nakedness and lil towel scare you away. It's A-MAZING. I had a one hour lomi lomi today and while I wasn't a noodle after this one, it was pretty great too. And don't get me started on their post massage showers. They are my most favorite showers in the whole world! I'm surprised they didn't knock on the door and kick me out bcz I know I was in there forever. Overall this place is pretty awesome. They are a little pricey for non-members, so I'm gonna eventually have to get a membership bcz I want more. Go get your lomi lomi on! You won't regret it ;)
5	I am in love with this spa!! Let me first say I am a shy person and was scared to get massages, but with what I do for work (cosmetologist) I need them monthly just to keep my body from breaking on me (haha). We'll I read not only great reviews on this place, but it's right by my house and I love love their website and all the information. So I went in and loved my massage, I had water before and then an amazing shower after (I know seems weird but it's so clean and nice after a massage especially if you feel oily. It took me a few times to find my massage girl who I am in love with and I will rave about her to anyone and everyone! Heather! She is literally amazing and her massage techniques are one in a million. I'm pregnant and she's so nice and willing to work with me in what's comfortable or not. I have a spa package here so it's so nice to be able to just book an appt online go in and your sandals and changing room key are right in the front and you go to your locker, (which has a nice little chocolate and big comfy robe) for you to change and hang and lock your purse shoes and clothes in. They all make you feel so comfortable and are so nice! I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	The BEST Spa in the Valley!  I just had 2 hours of Bliss for my Ultimate Relaxation Massage!  The Therapist Julie has "Magic Hands" with the perfect pressure....If you haven't been you're missing the best part of Life!
5	I was in the area for a convention I attend annually. I had flown in from New York via Atlanta and had more flights still in front of me. My back was in knots and my neck hurt to move. I searched out the best therapeutic (lots of pressure) massage in the area, and found Hawaiian Experience. I got an appointment the same day. The location is  clean, well-maintained, comfortable, and offers great spa amenities. My therapist was Erin, and she was strong, attentive, knowledgeable, and responsive to my requests. She put everything she had into a really tough massage. By the end she had worked out all my knots and kinks. My transcontinental flight was painless thanks to her. I think I will make this visit an annual tradition.
5	Had another amazing Lomi Lomi massage today! Very cute clean little place with friendly staff. It's a nice set up with awesome showers and complimentary bath  products that are very high quality which is rare.  I also took advantage of the infared sauna, excellent for detoxification.  The membership is a deal if you like to get monthly massage. Highly recommend!
3	The massage here was a 5. The rest of the "experience I would say was a 3.It's an oddly put together place that seems fairly half hazard. When you check in you are staring at power boxes and surrounded by cheap Hawaiian knock knacks you wouldn't find in Hawaii. Also some of the cheapest men's Hawaaiin shirts you will ever find. Felt like sandpaper. The getting ready room is kinda tiny and they squeeze a couple into it. It's very cramped. Onto the massage.Very good, super oily and better than the experience we usually get at Massage envy. They def try harder and the draping is much more relaxing. I'd prefer no draping at all because I'm not a stuckup westerner who can't be at ease with a proper massage etiquette. I digress.The massage was solid. The upswell to turn on the steam in our couples shower afterwards was $30! $30 to add steam to the steam room we are already showering in? Yea, that's lame. You charge $120 for a massage and you should be including the steam!As stated earlier. Massage was 5. Everything else was a 2. I'll give it a 3.
5	Massage and facial were both very relaxing - I can't think of anything that could have made it better. Jordan and Taryn were both very professional and good at what they do. I actually started to fall asleep during both treatments. It was a perfect day! This was the first time that I have had the Waikiki Therapeutic Massage. Although the treatment had very minimal draping coverage, I felt completely comfortable during the entire massage and my therapist was very professional. I've had a lot of massage therapy in my life for neck/back pain and Jordon is one of the best that I have had. He spent more time on the areas that I requested with some additional pressure. I was completely relaxed and actually started to fall asleep. Excellent facilities and massage!
5	awesome experience.. ever... love this place
1	This was my second visit to this establishment. Both times were for a massage and both visits were mediocre. The place itself is small and located in a dingy strip mall so I'd be hesitant to consider this a "day spa". Yes, they do have a couple of small closets to change your clothes in and a worn down waiting area that overlooks a dirty pond and some run down apartments as well as a few massage rooms so I suppose it's "spa like". The massage during this past visit got off to bad start but ended up being "ok". The therapist spent the first 10 minutes chatting and poking at my back while explaining human anatomy 101 and all the reasons I needed to sit up straighter while I'm at work. Once he finally started to massage my back, it was uneventful and definitely didn't live up to my expectations based on the reviews on this site. I don't know about you but I thought a Swedish massage involved a decent amount of pressure, medium to long strokes and some work on the knots. Nope, not here! This was more of a poking and some short massage-ish motions. I suppose I could have said something but I was too afraid that if I spoke, it would give the therapist the green light to start talking again. No thanks! Finally, be very careful about their so called specials and what you purchase. I was there yesterday and they were running Black Friday deals. One in particular that caught my eye was a combo package of a 50 minute massage and a 50 minute facial for $60! I must have asked both ladies who were at the front desk at least 4-5 times if that was accurate because it seemed like too good of a deal and they ensured me that it was the correct price. One of them even said " I know it's such a great deal...it's much better than our membership rates!". So I decided to purchase 4 of these packages to give as gifts and maybe to keep one for myself to give the spa one more opportunity to live up to its Yelp rating. But then....3 hours later the front desk manager calls me and informs me that they had made a mistake; that the packages I purchased were actually $99 a piece and that the owner said they would not honor the certificates I'd purchased. I was given the option to pay the extra amount for each or they would refund my money. My thought here is that the business made the error, not me. I even asked repeatedly if the price was accurate and was ensured that it was so why wouldn't they accept their error, correct it so no one else got the same deal the rest of the day but honor what they already sold? In my opinion, this is how a customer service focused business would behave. Nope, not here! So the four certificates I bought will not be honored.With that said, it's safe to say I will never be a customer here again and will not recommend them to anyone! Buyer beware!
3	I am updating my review and increasing their score because they called me a coupe days ago and offered to make good on the $60 Black Friday deal they had originally backed out of. Thank you.
