1	I would not, could not, will not recommend this place. First, the store is kind of dirty and cramped for space. You are selling home improvement services and the least you can do is take some pride in your work space. I don't remember what the flooring in the shop looked like and that is kind of sad since they "specialize" in carpet.The main reason I can't or won't tell you to go here is the service. First, I paid them $20 cash to come measure my house. That $20 went straight into Steve's (the owner) wallet. (I should have known then). He did write a receipt... On a white piece of paper that he pulled out of the printer... Oh no! Then the night before he was to come and measure he called and asked "what am I measuring for again?" Really? So the day he measured he calls me at 10:15 and says he's running late because he stopped for breakfast... He was supposed to be there at 10. When he gets to the house he smokes a cigarette in his car then walks to the door and tells my wife... Sorry, traffic was really bad. He's here so I want to get my $20's worth... And hey, maybe the deal really is worth it! When he sees my wife's bird and proceeds to tell me how he used to smuggle birds when he was like 16... Again, why? Then he asks how long they live and tells my wife "I'll bet you will be glad when he's gone" seriously, I think my wife will be devastated when her pet of 40 years passes away.  When WE actually get to the measuring part I have to hold the tape measure and remember all of the numbers for him... What did I pay you for again? During the measuring he keeps telling me I'm gonna save a lot of money because he's gonna use the waste carpet to do the closet, the stairs, etc... I'm not spending a few thousand dollars on "waste" carpet. Way to market your product buddy! When he finally leaves he tells us to come in on Saturday to sign the contract and he'll give us a quote. Since we both work and aren't able to stop in over the weekend. I get a call on Monday by his assistant and I ask what the quote is. Am I ever surprised when he is $1400 more expensive than the 2 other places that we had come out and give us a quote. I let the assistant know that the price isn't competitive, thank him for his time and let him know that we are going to go with one of the other places. Tuesday Steve calls. Tells me that he can save me a lot of money, but I have to give him a written copy of the quotes I received. Fair enough, but at this point he starts lecturing me on how I'm throwing away my money if I go with someone else. He's giving me $1400 in free padding... Even though his quote is $1400 more than anyone else... So I guess I'm paying for the padding in other ways. He then tells me that I didn't give him a fair chance to beat the other offers, even though I gave everyone 1 shot at my business. He didn't seem to understand that if you want to earn my business you need to put your best foot forward and give me your best price the first time. I Don't play the car game... Of course I also stopped to ask myself "what if that was his best foot forward?". He ended the call with "when you need new tile call me and I will get you a deal". Yeah, maybe in 25 years when my wife's bird passes away! Bottom line, call A to Z at your own risk. The website says "reputation is everything"... I think this review serves as a good reference on said reputation. I don't see how this place stays in business.
1	This place is by far the worst flooring company in town. When you walk in to the store you are greeted by one of the most aggravating and obnoxious people I have ever had to deal with in my life (Steve) and should have ran then and there but I wanted to give him a chance. After listening to him babble on and on for about 30 minutes about Feng Shui and Steve Wynn and how his company is the best in town I finally selected some flooring that I liked and scheduled a $20 up front appointment for someone to come out and measure. After waiting for over 30 minutes past the time I scheduled I called Steve and he said that he was coming to measure because "his other guy" cancelled. About 10 minutes later Steve shows up, cigarette in hand, and tells me his 20 minute story about Feng Shui and Steve Wynn AGAIN and then proceeds to sketch my homes floor plan BY HAND and tells me that he is a master draftsman, blah, blah, blah. I honestly could have done a better and more accurate floorplan with an etch-a-sketch. So anyways Steve finishes up and tells me to come down to the store in about a week for an estimate. I go in and he does give me a decent price that included free upgraded padding, etc and he asks me to put down a $700 deposit which I do. One week before the job is to be done he calls me and says that he spoke with his installer and there is no way that they can do what I want with the flooring I selected and I will have to go with another flooring that is about $1500 more expensive. At this point I know I am being scammed and I tell him that I am no longer comfortable with the arrangement and just want to cancel everything. He said, that since they couldn't do it, he would let us out of "the contract". So I contacted another floor place and made arrangements for them to complete the job. Steve then calls me, to tell me that we are in "contract" and that I have to use him, or else, we will have to pay him $700 "res-stocking fee". Seriously? After being told it was impossible, suddenly its not longer impossible, we have to pay to upgrade the job or lose our money. Talk about a LOSE LOSE situation. Terrible, TERRIBLE service, awful people and just plain scam artists. Hope my $700 buys you plenty of hot dogs, Steve.
1	After reading these reviews I will take my business else where. A saw many red flags during my visit to A to Z including NON STOP talking from the salesperson. I could not wait to get out of this place. The guy almost followed me out the door to my car babbling about complete nonsense.His appearance and the shops organization has a lot to be desired. The complaints the other two posters are very easy to believe once I visited this place.My advice: Go to another flooring retailer.
