2	My car was disabled at my home and needed a tow to the repair shop. I used the Roadside Assistance option through my auto insurance. The call was dispatched at 8:35am and the tow was expected to arrive at 9:10. By 9:30 I called and asked what's up. I was informed they were on their way and would arrive in 15 min. By 9:50 I called and asked what's up again. They said there was an accident on the freeway and the driver had to take that call first, it would be an additional 40 min. By 11am I called AGAIN and asked what's up. Well, they FINALLY showed up at 11:20am. If I would have known it was going to take that long I would have cancelled and used another tow company. Also, not once did I receive a call from them informing me of the status of the request. A courtesy call would have been appreciated if they were going to be 2 hours late. They treated my car good and got to the shop quickly, but they have horrible customer communications. I would not recommend this company.
5	My car battery died and I was a damsal in distress.  I called my dealership (Airpark Jeep) and they referred me to Valley TLC.  My tow truck arrived in 30minutes!  It was a nice tow truck with a flat bed in the back too so it would not ruin my vehicle.  Mathew was the driver and it turns out we are from the same area in the Northwest.  We chatted for a bit and then he hauled my car to North Scottsdale from Old Town Scottsdale.  The cost was about $108 which I found to be quite reasonable considering how fast they arrived and it was about a 15mile tow.  They also called to notify me when the vehicle was dropped off.  If you ever need a car towed call Valley TLC and hopefully Mathew is available.  I have no complaints!  From the card Mathew gave me it looks like they have many other transportation and vehicle services as well.
2	My car became disabled in my garage.  Called this towing company on the recommendation from my car dealer.  1st call placed at 10:30am and was told it would be about 90 min.  12:30pm, still no tow.  I called back at this point and was told it would be 30 min and....she took my information again...what did she do lose it or maybe she forgot to order in the first place.  Ugh.  1:30pm (3 hrs. now)  I contemplated calling another company and then I though what if they both came together or the 1st one came for nothing.   So, I still waited (it's not like I'm going anywhere, right?) Finally 2:30pm they arrived.    4hrs people!!!   and not even a call from the office to say oh they're busy or running behind, nothing.  The guy was nice enough, but had a lot of difficulty jumping it to get it out of garage.  I stood and watch as he hooked up the chains and started to pull it onto truck, I'm thinking there must be something I have to sign, so I stepped in the driveway and away he pulls. No goodbye, no thank you, no I'm sorry it took so long.  I will never use them again.Doesn't anybody give good customer service anymore???????
