4	Paws & Perms is a pet groomers located in the shopping plaza on the corner of Eastfield and Prosperity by the Highland Creek area. I live in Huntersville, but I work in the University area and this place allows me to just drop my dogs off on my way to work, and pick them up when I get off at 5.  The price has went up over the years, right now it is currently $50 per dog including taxes.  That includes a cut, wash, nails, and glands extracted.They require only current Rabies records not Bordatella as they do not have a kennel on site.  Your dog gets a report card (see photo) after their visit detailing what was done and any problems they found during the grooming.I have two cocker spaniels and have always been pleased with their cuts.  Anthony who works there is one of the main groomers and a nice guy deserving of a good tip.  They also have a lot of fun toys and novelties inside if you wanted to buy your dog a treat while you are there.
5	Great experience here.  I have brought my dog in twice, and both times received fantastic, personal care for her.  I have her bathed and deshedded (is that a word?), and the service includes nails, ears, etc. as well.  The cost was $48 (cheaper than Petco and they did a MUCH better job!) and when I picked her up, both times she has had a holiday bandana, a treat, and a "report card" telling me what was done, how she tolerated it, and any recommendations.  The (owner? manager?) is super friendly and I just feel good about bringing my dog here.  I also like supporting a small, local business.
5	I'm new to the area and Paws and Perms was referred by my neighbor. I loved it! Best experience!  My girls loved it there and they looked beautiful! Can't wait till they go back!
5	I've been to many different groomers throughout the years and we just moved to NC from Arizona so I took my time choosing a new place to take my Maltese. I've been behind-the-scenes at a few grooming salons and you really do need to be careful where you take your dog. Seeing a few things I wish I hadn't, well needless to say, I am now picky. I understand these groomers see dog after dog everyday BUT I still expect a little bit of interest in each and every pooch. All that being said, Paws & Perms is by far the best pet salon I have ever gone to. They covered every single basis. They were professional, kind, timely, and Stephanie did a wonderful job on my girl. We made the appointment ahead of time and had to wait a week but it is more than worth it! Though every place should be like this, reality is that it is actually really hard to find a great groomer. I dropped her off at 12 and they called when she was done. Picked her up at 5 and $45 later, she looked GREAT. Especially her face and feet. Go check this place out! This is definitely where I will be taking my fur-babies from now on!
5	Ever since we've rescued and adopted our black lab/retriever mix, we have been on a search for a top-notch groomer. I am almost tempted to not review this establishment because I want to keep them for myself lol. But I know it's only a matter of time until word gets out about how wonderful they are. Very attentive staff, reasonable prices, and quality work.Our lab has medium length, semi-wavy hair and sometimes he can shed like a monster. We took him in for a grooming and de-shedding and when we got him back, he not only looked fabulous, he smelled so sweet. I don't know what products they used but his hair has grown back so shiny, smooth, and soft. Looks like we found our new groomer, and best part is they are down the street from us! SCORE!
5	****  Reciently I found out that they were staying opened!! I received a call from the owner, Shelly saying they are staying open! Such great news seeing they are they only groomer I've used since I've been in Charlotte. Shelly and crew at Paws and Perms are the best! So excited!        So sad to learn of their closing. Just wish I knew sooner since the last 2 appointments that my dogs had they cancelled.  Now trying to get an appointment someplace else is kinda hard.
5	My girls looked absolutely adorable in their fall bows and bandanas! If you haven't been here yet, it's definitely worth the try!
5	This place is the absolute best in the area.  My dog loves going here, which is saying a lot!  Great staff and top-notch groomers.  Highly recommend to anyone and everyone looking for a great groomer in the Highland Creek/Skybrook area.
