4	Oh, this place is so cool. They've got pool, the bartenders fancy a little flair every here 'n there, and there are plenty of chairs and couches. Initially, we started hanging out here on Thursdays to enjoy some really good house by their DJ Soul Kitchen. It's cool, they get the whole chill vibe going on with low lights and incense. But they have plenty of other things going on, like Myspace Mondays, where friends of the Red Room bring in a "mystery item," posted weekly on their profile, and for this they receive $10 in drinks and $10 in gaming. How cool is THAT?Drink prices aren't over the top, either, which makes Red Room a real winner in my book. Red Room ... I love you.
4	Red Room Saloon is one of those places that you just don't really know about. It's funny because I knew it was a flair bar, but I've been too busy to go. My friends work there and I was just in shock when I went to open bar. Red Room is a small little bar with some tables and seats...recognized from Target. It's got gaming and 1 circle bar. It's funny because I saw some old friends. Erin who actually taught me to flair. There's Mike from Kahunaville. Toby Ellis, one of the best bartenders in the world. Then Mike showed me to a booth and found out he owned the place. Now Red Room has lots of potential. It was an open bar event hosted by spyonvegas.com and Skyy Vodka. Knowing who was serving drinks I knew it would be good. Definitely a fun place. The dj was cool. Not your typical top 40. Come on he made Neil Diamond cool. Definitely a lil off kilter, local bar. So yes a 5 star to support my friends and to support the community! Ok wait...knock off one star cuz parking did suck.
3	I am always so confused when I go to Red Room. Is this a biker bar with chaps and hogs galore? Or is this some new scene, complete with boys with side-swiped bangs and girls in rocker fashion garb? I never get it. Anyway, the Red Room is a fun place for a casual get together, if you don't mind the completely random crowd. The dj's seem to always get it right with a mix of hip hop, rock, and even some house. The dancefloor is packed at all time once the dj's start, but again, it's a mix of cute little barely twenty-somethings, and men with vests and handlebar staches. The drink prices are pretty cheap as well. I can't imagine how this place looks though during the day. Seriously. If you ever do decide to check out Red Room, please let me know what you think...is this the new downtown crowd taking over an old biker bar? Or is it the other way around?
3	This place is just alright.  They play house/trance music every Thursday night.  Something that I'm not into anymore for like the past 10 years haha.   They also have a decent happy hour plus if it's UNLV football season, they have a better happy hour which is always a plus in my books.  The vibe of the place is a bit different from what I usually like though.  Some crazy dancing from people on the dance floor which isn't much.  The bar isn't much either or in the best of locations.  However, I wouldn't say it's a bad bar, but I guess it's alright for a lively crowd.
5	So you want to know about this bar? Well it's F-ing cool! The vibe ranges from a laid back neighborhood watering hole with friendly bartenders to a high energy dance party with guest DJ's and an indie rocker crowd. You also get lots of hot chicks and flair bartenders, which is something you don't see too often in Vegas.  They have special theme nights that are constantly evolving, as they try their best to keep things from getting stale. Where else can you see sleazy/sexy women, listen to great DJ's, and watch bottles being tossed into the air, all at a reasonable price? If you're a club hotel whore, then stay there...you probably will not like this place. The Red Room Saloon is not pretenious so just come for some unadulterated fun!
5	Great place!  Amazing find!We were in Vegas looking for a night of good music and mellow atmosphere . . . we got on line in our hotel and started our search . . . we were so pleased to have found this place!The crowd was laid back, but it still had a party energy!  People were dancing to the excellent DJ spinning house and trance.  There's also places to sit and relax and groove to the music.  We will be going to this place every time we hit vegas. We love the hip vibe at this place!  And there's no cover charge!Five stars!
5	I love this place! After a couple of nights hanging out on the strip, it was great to find a local bar with a friendly vibe, great cocktails and good music. The bartenders are expert mixologists and put on an impressive display as they twirl bottles in the air. I enjoyed the music. We went on a Saturday night for Atomic. The music started off with hip hop, but they segued into some danceable indie rock and went right into some electro house. They do a deep house night on Thursdays that I would love to check out sometime.The room isn't  much to look at, so if you're looking to dress up and lounge in a sleek, modern environment, this isn't the place for you. However, if you're tired of spending $12 on so-so casino cocktails and want a neighborhood bar where you can dance and chill out with the locals, I highly recommend the Red Room.
3	Like goin to a drive-in movie theater without the movie screen. I went late.... 3am-ish... on a Saturday night to meet a couple stripper friends getting off work from the Rhino. It was cool. Very unassuming, with a very local crowd that neither judged nor got cared enough to judge.I felt relaxed from the moment I walked in with my local friend, and was greeted by friendly bouncers who were teaching each other how to apply chokeholds. DJ was playing techno as some of the worst pool players settled around the 2 pool tables, but were still having a blast. I did see one of my stripper friends nearly pick a fight with another girl over who was up next for pool, but that was about as hostile as the night got. Place isn't much to look at on the inside, especially if you're going to try and compare it to the Strip bars, but then again, locals shouldn't care too much about that, and the crowd is what really matters. I give it 3.5 stars for a first visit, which means I liked it enough to come back again.
4	I don't even LIKE house music and the DJ here had me rethinking my opinions.  Lesbians were all trying to get up on this, and then there were a bunch of people in chicken suits.  Solid. One star off because I hate cigarette smoke, but I'd still go back.
5	Red Room, will you marry me in a heartfelt and uncharacteristically dignified Vegas ceremony befitting our profound and genuine love for one another?  Seriously, Soul Kitchen on Thursdays made me fall in love with you, and your promoter/DJ Edgar Reyes, solid house headliners (Stacy Kidd?  For FREE?!), good dancers, strong drinks, flairtending, clean restroom and cigarette-lighting doorguy (aka My Best and Most Expensive Lighter Ever) clearly prove that you love me, too.I have danced many a Thursday away here and met so many beautiful bboys and househeads, the kind who dance adjacent to me nonflirtatiously all night and whisper a quick "thank you" to me before I leave.  Eff The Strip and its red ropes.  Thank crips for the Red Room and the locals' Vegas scene.
4	brought an out-of-towner buddy to the  Red Room.  Hit it relatively early - just before midnight.  Hip place - dark, very dark, playing techno -style music.  eclectic group of people .  my buddy took an interest in three females sitting together that we guessed ( correctly ) were prostitutes having a few drinks before they hit the casino bars .  a few lesbian couples dancing , added to the vibe.Had 4 drinks each - i knew the bartenders were "mixologists"  so we told them to concoct some of their specialties - i'll be damned if i remember the names of the drinks except one, cactus cooler - all good drinks and reasonably priced ( nothing over $6 ) my only ding - drinks served in plastic cups - does it get that crazy in this place ?
5	like the rating says 'Woohoo! As good as it gets!"my homie's a local so he thought id like the place. saw some flairing (VERY cool), had some tequila for breakfast (mixed with pomegranate juice and some other goodies-total YUM) and they have some awesome bartenders...or wait-'mixologists'?  and it was very chill...at 10am =p
5	This place is random yes...but awesome.
3	The machines are tight.  The ATM is usually broken. On the weekends its WAY too busy and one time there was a promise of midgets and they never showed up!  Damn them!
5	Red room has become our favorite "start" spot, meaning this is the first place we go to if we want to go out and we might end up somewhere else by the end of the night. The bartenders are amazingly charismatic and they do amazing flair. They come up with the best mixed drinks based on what you tell them. The atmosphere is very chill and not at all uptight. There are plenty of places to relax and just enjoy the music. They have different DJs spinning on different nights so they have a variety of music to dance to.  There are so many different types of people that go here, a few weeks ago there was a cute lesbian couple making out in the bathroom and then when I came out I saw these thug looking guys, in the corner we have the rave kids, but mostly it's just cool people that want to chill and have some cheap and delicious drinks. Then of course there's me and my crew, we just want to drink and laugh so that's why we come to Red Room.  We'll see you there.
5	This place was off the hook! I was celebrating my bday in Vegas and I chose this place because I didn't want to pay $30 cover and $17 for a cocktail. After gambling a bit in downtown LV and having a few drinks at The Griffin we came here to hit the dance floor. No cover, huge bar, lot's of bartenders, free parking, and a DJ spinning the best Electronica the whole night. He even added some of my favorite indie songs to his list. It was an awesome night of non-stop dancing!
5	They just CLOSED last Tuesday. :(This is one of my favorite bars. The crowds that come into the bar are always different and one thing this bar has that other don't is really great Dj's they mix it up they play music people want to dance to and that for me is the main reason i like coming here. And the drinks are usually pretty strong. They use to have another bar open called barcode which was like redroom but larger and it closed down.
5	I really miss Red Room. It was awesome. :(
5	I know you're gone, but I wanted to leave one last farewell. Many a great night had at this place. A great party place and good priced drinks. Destroyed by the fake pompousness of Vegas. Take the stupid strip club scene and flush down the toilet. I would choose this place over the strip anytime. You will surely be missed. :( I shed a tear for you Red Room Saloon.
