5	O.k. Once again, I have to say "Support your local business."For the most part, Chinese food is about the same.  Not too much difference. The names on the menu may be different, but you can usually find what you like under some other name. So I am not going to tell you that Moon China is any different..  I get what I expect. A good meal, for a fairly good price. But this place has chosen to open a business in the "no where land" of Queen Creek/San Tan Valley. The NE corner of Ironwood and Ocotillo.  Not much else is around there. They have a very good menu, good prices and their food is good.  Take out is quick. I live 5 minutes away.  By the time I place my order, put on my shoes, and drive around the corner, the food is ready.  Tonight, same thing...  Order, put on shoes, drive around corner and pick up.  Food ready. They are always very nice. Have offered me complimentary drink while waiting if food was not ready.  My favorite--- Honey Crispy Chicken... Good flavor, nice little tang/spice.  Let's not overlook the fact that they are open on Sunday.  That is huge for this area.  Most places are closed...  So it a bonus when you look up and find it is 6 p.m. and have not figured anything for dinner.  This place is always a good fall back!!!We have so few options.  Support your local business.
4	Great service, food, and prices. Wonderful lunch specials. My kids love eating there and they are happy to see my family.
4	Excellent Chinese food. I use to live in Mesa and no Chinese restaurant there is as good as Moon China! Which is very surprising to have finally found a good Chinese place. I am from San Francisco so I have *high* standards!I highly recommend the Curry Chicken. Eat-in and Take-away service are both equally fast. Crab puffs are amazing with sweet and sour sauce.Tip: Fry's has Moon China coupons on the back of receipts. I can get two huge entree's to go for around $13 dollars with the coupon. It's a bargain. My family of 3 can eat left overs for the next day or two.
2	Love this place. Food is good, prices are good, and it's close to where I live. We eat here a couple times a month and have never been disappointed. The carry-out is always ready when I get there and I live 5 minutes away.EDIT: We stopped going here because the service got so bad that we couldn't stand it anymore. We went in on one occasion and were completely ignored by the staff and actually ended up leaving to go somewhere else. On other occasions, service was horribly slow. Such a disappointment because we really loved this place.
4	Good Food, great lunch specials at a great price.
5	This is my family's favorite Chinese restaurant! The food is great and I especially love the pot-stickers!
4	Wow, I'm really impressed with the value from this little place. $5.25 get you an entree, rice, egg roll, creme cheese wonton, and soup. Food was really good too, loved the Kung pao and orange peel chicken. Much better than panda.
4	I love this place! We carry out from here probably once per month, and get to have it for the next few days... You get a lot of food for the money! That's one of the main reasons we love it. It could use a little more flavor, but the veggies are definitely fresh. I put my own hot sauce on it to heat it up and add a little more flavor. I definitely recommend this restaurant!
2	Moon China has been EXCELLENT in the past, but everything has changed in the last few months.  Their food tastes different - It is poor, at best.  It does not tast the same - It tastes poor.  Beef dishes have a fish taste - Fried rice is bland.
1	Bland food, over priced, and crowded seating. I really wanted to like this place, but even for San Tan Valley it is terrible.
5	We eat at Moon China Chinese Restaurant frequently. The food is always good - you can tell they use high quality ingredients. I especially like their beef dishes because there is never any fat on the meat, in fact it's melt-in-your-mouth tender. My husband loves their egg drop soup, and their cheese wontons are the best ever!The owner Dan and wait staff are very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant is sparkling clean and has a nice atmosphere. The decor is a soothing blue and green combination which I enjoy - it's different from the usual Chinese restaurant. They have a thriving to-go business, but we enjoy eating there. I highly recommend you give Moon China a try.
3	Good place to go for fast, good food when you are too tired to cook. We go here frequently and order take out. Just don't ask the Chinese waitress to say "Fried Rice" because it sounds like she is saying "Fried Lice" LOL - There is only one thing I recommend NOT ordering here and that is the Walnut Shrimp - it is deep fried shrimp with a mayo and lemon juice dressing - not appetizing in look or taste. They should take that one off the menu.
4	We live close by but think it is by far the best in the area.  Always fast and hot and consistant.  Pleasant atmosphere and nice staff.  They usually have coupon deals.  Have eaten here atleast 50 times with no complaints :)
5	I love this place. Great food, great prices. I have been going here about 1-2 times a month since we moved to STV over 6 years ago and not one single time have we had a bad experience. BTW, they serve lunch specials ($5.95 for a salad, soup, eggroll, and main dish with rice (Amazing). They also have happy hour with half priced drinks and appetizers!! Additionally, they have coupons in the mail all the time.The food is really, really good here. My favorites are the crispy honey chicken, the sesame chicken, the egg drop soup, orange chicken, Mongolian beef, and numerous other dishes now that I think about it!The staff, which includes the owner Dan and my usual waitress Margaret, are very friendly and once you talk to them can be very personable. They offer dine in and carry out for when you don't want to sit in. Very fast service as well, even when they are busy.I am happy to say that this is the only original business that has survived the shopping center where it is located. I will be coming back to Moon China for however long I live out here and would even go out of my way to come back and eat here and to visit with Dan and Margaret, if we moved away. It truly is that good.As a matter of fact, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I am going to order from here tonight! mmmmmm crispy honey chicken, you and my mouth have a date. drooooool
4	OMG!  FANTASTIC Chinese food!  My family ordered beef and pea pods, Mongolian beef and lo mein.  All of the dishes were extremely tasty.  The only thing that prevents me from scoring 5 stars is that I would have liked more sauce in the beef dishes.This is definitely my new go to place for Chinese!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!! I wish I could give this restaurant less than one star.  I went to this restaurant with two friends for lunch, and we were planning on bringing the leftovers back for another friend. We ordered 4 meals from the lunch menu which include soup and salad with each. The waitress brought the 3 salads and three soups then the 4 lunch plates(FYI the food was the worst chinese food I have ever had). So after we ate and are getting ready to leave we asked for our fourth salad and soup so that we can take it with us. The waitress proceeds to loudly and rudely explain that we are not allowed to take the soup and salad to go even though they came with our meal. After arguing with her she brings them to us for here! She then brings us our check and rudely threw it on the table and walked away. Needless to say we will NEVER be back.
5	Great food, great service.   I would highly recommend!
1	We used to go there fairly often, but like everyone else has said THE SERVICE has gotten horrible. We were going to use the 15% off valpak coupon until we saw right on the coupon in bold red print HAPPY TUESDAY ALL DAY 25% OFF, so it was tues so we left the 15% coupon home. when we got there, ordered app., when it came out I asked him about the 25% off all day, he said that was a "mis-print" so we ate the app & decided we would still order food, except that it took him FOREVER to come back, by that time i said just give me a check. When i want to pay the mustached chic I asked her since we left our cpn at home since today was supposed to be 25% off day if we could still get the 15% off? she went in back, then came back out and said they would have to have the coupon.WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN!
5	Took me and my niece here.I ordered the general tso chicken,came with steamed rice,egg roll,cream cheese wonton with dipping sauces and a soup.she got the sesame chicken.veryyyyyy delicious,fresh,crunchy chicken.loved it!
5	AMAZING Chinese food! I am very picky and absolutely LOVE this place.  Have tried many dishes and never been disappointed.  The staff is always friendly and kind, it's very clean, fast, and very well priced for what you get.  Lunch specials are an awesome deal as well.  Dine in or take out, absolutely LOVE Moon China!!
3	Fast service. Food wasn't that great. Fried rice was just white steamed rice with soy sauce mixed in for color and flavor. Sweet & sour chicken was plain. Will go back if I'm desperate.
5	We were very happy when Moon China opened its doors a few years ago.  We have been enjoying the food ever since.  Yes, the tables are a little small and you do feel crowded.  We solved that by ordering takeout and eating at home.  The food is very good.  I love the Orange Chicken.  Pork fried rice is also great.  Lots of shrimp in the shrimp dishes.  Always tastes fresh and well cooked.  They have a great Lunch special that is good until 3:00 PM.  You get a well portioned entre, rice, egg roll and crab Rangoon for only $5.95.  We have never been disappointed with any meal and have always found the service friendly.
4	Food is really good for the price and on certain days they have specials. Just because its the only Chinese restaurant near by doesnt mean its bad by any means.I can't say I've had anything I didn't like from there.  They also cater and throw in some free stuff on your catering order!
1	what can I say this place has the worse Chinese food I have ever had the chicken had a funny taste and left a nasty after taste in your mouth the egg drop soup was bland as was the wonton soup. I gave 1 star only due to the egg rolls they were edible at least.  Go across the street there food is so much better!
5	I went to Moon China with my parents, seeing as how I was on vacation in Arizona (down from the frozen arctic tundra that is North Dakota). Normally, I look for Chinese buffets, since I tend to want to sample a little bit of everything - and I'm normally going out to eat by myself, or with one other person (in that case, a normal Chinese restaurant can easily become VERY expensive.)However, since I was with my parents, we were able to order several things and shared it all. We had the Curry Chicken, Pepper Beef, and General Tso's Chicken. We'd also ordered the Chicken Dumplings and the BoBo platter.All in all, it was pretty darned tasty! The Curry Chicken could have been a bit better flavored, since all you could taste was the curry and nothing else. The Pepper Beef was nicely peppered and not overly spicy, which it could have easily been. The General Tso's was wonderful! Nice and crispy, with just enough heat and plenty of flavor. I'm pretty partial to potstickers, so the Chicken Dumplings were a pleasantly delicious surprise. The BoBo platter was interesting. It came out in a wooden dish, with this little cast iron "kettle/grill" flaming away.The service was a little on the slow side, but I never really go out to eat based upon the service of a place. I'm there for the food and the company of the people that I'm with, not the quality of the service - but, it was definitely acceptable by my standards. Apparently, from what my parents have said, the iced tea isn't entirely consistent - but I was happy with the tea I had that day.I'd definitely go again, and will have to do so when I finally get my butt down to Arizona. ;)
3	I used to really enjoy this place but the last few times I have been here, the food hasn't been as good. I feel bad because I like to support local businesses however the rice has been dry and the food a little bland. I won't be returning anytime soon.
1	Do yourself a favor and drive 10 more minutes to Panda. The orange chicken taste old, the lo mein has no flavor and the veggies in it are raw, first time we ate here it was decent. We won't be back.
1	This is a gloopy mess, steam table nastyness. Tattered decor, shoddy service. Save your money
5	Ok so first i want to say that this place is one of our usual spots for take-out. The young guy at the counter who basically runs the place is accommodating and a good business person. I love the flavors of the food and i have been to many Chinese food places but this is the first that the noodles aren't just grease in a bowl. The only down side i would say about this place is the older lady with glasses that works there is always grumpy. She shows no appreciation to customers and is really not a happy person. I asked for chopsticks one time while dining in and she sighed as if i just asked her to run to walmart and buy some. Very rude. It is very few times that i have dined in and if i get the guy serving us then its all peachy keen but if its the older lady we are basically bothering her when we ask for something as simple as a drink refill. Other than that issue i love this place and i love the food and the young guy is great at customer service! It still will be my favorite chinese take out!!!
