5	I would buy another car from these guys! Very friendly environment that makes you comfortable and lets you know your getting a good car from good people. I purchased an 04 Crossfire from them and my only concern was that it was a little older than what i wanted. Then when i saw the car I had zero concern about the age. The milage was incredibly low and the car looked and ran like new. I spent days looking at cars and found no other company that took as much care of their cars or their customers. I had the opportunity to see some of the other cars they had and were selling and I must say, regardless of how old the car was, every car looked brand new and was cared for the same way. These are good people and I wouldn't hesitate to by another car from them in the future.
5	I recently bought a vehicle from this dealership and I have to admit it was the best car dealership experence i've ever had!!!! Not only was the staff pleasant and knowledgeable but they we very helpful and got me in and out in my new car. At first I pulled into this dealership and I was confused because they don't have a front lot like I expected. They keep all there cars in an indoor warehouse! The car was spotless clean and it ran and still runs great. They put brand new tires on it too! You will not find another dealership like this one. Take a walk around their warehouse and u'll notice every car looks brand new. Ive already reccomended them to family and friends and now to who ever reads this article. GET DOWN TO EAUTONICHE I PROMISE YOU'LL LEAVE WITH A SMILE!
1	Let me start by saying for the past 11 years I have been an Air Force fighter mechanic "Crew Chief" it is my responsibility for servicing, INSPECTING, and overall maintenance of a multi million dollar aircraft. This will be helpful soon. I was greeted by a younger man, in which I asked to see two trucks. Both F-350's one a 2006 the other 2005. His response "sure!" As we walked out it turned into "oh wait there is someone coming to finance the 06" no big deal because I was interested in the 05 anyways. We get into the cramped storage space were cars and trucks are stored. All shapes and sizes. The attempt to remove the truck I was looking at was comical to say the least. The mechanic had to hit a ground cooling fan with the front bumper and tire at least three times, and the guy trying to sell the vehicle door cheeks the truck next to him as he enters! RED FLAG! We finally get the truck out and offers a test drive. We go around the block and I notice the fenders flapping in the wind and a very strange knocking noise from the engine compartment. RED FLAG! We go back and I start my inspection. Now my particular job requires me to scrutinize every little detail. The oil dip stick was broken, an o ring on the ac compressor was loose and moving freely, electrical tape was hanging off, and previous wires from a sound system were hanging loose in the engine compartment, also there was oil spray on top the engine. RED FLAG! Now to the outside, there was evidince of leaking on the undercarriage and when I moved to the rear I noticed two large, 6-10 inches, gashes straight through the bed! Looked like the previous owner to an axe to it. In addition to, the rims were corroded and beat beyond belief. I understand the truck is old, however it is not what they advertised! I currently own a 05 F-150 near flawless! So it can be done and when I go to sell it can claim its condition as so without lying. These people claim to do mostly Internet sales and I fear that is the reason for the lack of showmanship normally related to a dealer and also the reason for the standoffish behavior the seller showed. I felt unwelcome! I brought along my 8 year old son and the guy didn't even introduce himself, or make any acknowledgement of him being there. I have been to several actual dealers and this was a first. I will never go back and I pray no one buys from them without looking.
