4	I was going by this direct competitor to Sweet Tomatoes, so I dropped in to give it a comparison test.  Once you find the place, almost hidden in a shopping plaza, it's nice inside... modern, clean, & mid-sized.The salad line is shorter than at Sweet Tomatoes, but everything was fresh & inviting.  I joined a cheery, moderate-sized crowd in the dining room & got situated in a comfortable booth.  A nice server, Mya, brought my drink right away, & provided perfect service throughout my visit.  The friendly manager checked on everyone as well.Excellent tastes started springing from my plate almost immediately.  The Caesar dressing was the real thing, with egg & anchovy.  The cottage cheese was great (unlike that at S.T.).  Even the macaroni with tuna was especially good.  I tried 3 of the 5 nice soups, some spanish rice, a picadillo taco, & then headed back to the salad bar for kiwi, the best Waldorf salad I've ever tasted, & the best strawberry shortcake I've ever tasted!This is not the biggest buffet in town, but it's a good one!
2	Not impressed. I went to go get my haircut in Town and Country over near the Biltmore and had some time before my barber showed up  and decided to get a bite to eat, so I wandered into Souper Salad to give it a try.I ordered the buffet and some Ice tea. It was really terrible, the salad selections were lame, and look not so fresh, the glass didn't look clean nor did the dishes or silver ware.My table was dirty my server Nico did not reach his server goals, I did not have my drink in 90 seconds or less. The Baja tacos looked old an not at all fresh...definitely did not feel like I was on the beach as the sign said on the wall after sampling one.  Everything was bland except for the soup, and the pasta was OK and that is the only reason this place got more then one star. In general thought they needed to just rename this place to Soup...no salad!!!!
4	I've been to other Souper Salads and I really like the location of this one.  nestled in a quaint part of a quaint shopping center.  Server staff could use some refining. This is a salad buffet at a very reasonable price. For the price of a burger meal, you can load up your plate with whichever veggies you like, a choice of soups, and a few other "things".  The veggies are generally very crisp and fresh, good variety, and decent dressing. I enjoy it very much.  I like a good salad, and I guess I build them pretty well.  Good choices, clean, decent all around.  I can eat healthy and enjoy it... I'm sold.
4	This location is my favorite.  We are always promptly greeted and made to feel welcome.  I've not had a bad server here yet..
2	Souper salad is just OK.... Sweet Tomatoes is waay, waay better! I don't mind forking out a few more dollars at Sweet Tomatoes because it is higher quality & a better selection, and everything just seems fresher than at Souper Salad. I am highly disappointed at the frozen yogurt at Souper Salad...It is that low-quality ice milk garbage! Sweet tomatoes is creamy & delicious!
4	Subconsciously avoiding vegetables recently I finally begin to fell the need for greens.... My need for nourishment and a COUPON for a $4.99 meal with the purchase of a beverage brought me here for lunch the other day. This location has always been clean and the servers friendly (once they make it to your table). The veggies are always green and their mixed salads appetizing and rarely wilted. My eyes are always bigger than my tummy. The veggies piled high, I always find room on my plate for a spoon full of that wonderful tuna screwdle salad. My dressing of choice is always a little of the House Vinaigrette and a drizzle of the lo cal Ranch. On my way around the buffet I stop at the soup station. I can never pass up their beef vegetable soup, they didn't have it on my last visit. But they usually have 4 soups to suit most tastes. I pass by the selection of pastas, mac n cheese, baked potato and taco/nacho bar, pizza and the breads. Although there are times I can't pass up their gingerbread. I worked through my salad and in typical Souper Salad fashion I finished my meal with a few cubes of pound cake topped with strawberries, passing on the ice cream. I should have just gone for the Jello or the fresh fruit....Oh well! Sign up for their Fresh Club on line and you get coupons in your email regularly.
4	This location is much closer to my house than Sweet Tomatoes and I appreciate having a healthy buffet nearby. This place is VEGAN friendly but salad places should be. The stand-outs for me: a broccoli, raisin dish similar to coleslaw (normally I hate these dishes but I truly enjoyed this one); the black bean soup; the vegetable soup had a very strange, unappealing after taste; the vegan cornbread could have used a bit more flavor or sweetness. Also, I believe they have a slight discount on Tuesdays?
2	Is it really like 20 years ago that Souper Salad was new? I used to love this place. I don't know how many pounds I gained while thinking I was eating healthy here.This location is showing its age. The plates, carpet, and surfaces show scratches of many repeat trips for more Tuna Scroodle and garbanzos. There are occasional items missing from the line (it was pizza and about half the dressings this last time).  But worst of all:  There's a lilting smell in the air that they can't seem to get rid of, even after excavating the part of the mall behind the bathroom, supposedly after a sewer line break.It's sad, but Souper Salad--particularly this location--seems to be well on its way to sinking into despair. A sign on the way out solicits new franchisees. Yeah, I'll get right on that. Got half a mil right here for a failing concept with little reinvestment and dwindling customer respect.
4	For as long as I've been in the valley now, I've never bothered to stop into souper salad.  Why?  I don't know....but I finally did for lunch today.I really love how this place is set up.  Salad buffett with lots of fresh options. Not the tired buffet of salad stuff that I've seen at other places.  Many options to choose from, along with drinks, desert, and awesome breadsticks!I got the combo with a drink, breadsticks and salad to go.  The server at the counter was friendly and nice, and I really enjoyed my time here.  I will definately be back in the future!!
2	This location certainly draws a large lunch crowd.  I was there with my son yesterday at about 12:30 and the place was packed.  The staff seemed to be having a hard time keeping up with everything. For instance, there were about 6 plates...more than we needed.  I did see some setting to the side that had leftover food residue from the last guest sitting to the side...I'm not counting those.  Anyhow, behind my son and I was a group of 6, so we weren't all eating right away!  I have been to this location in the past and there were no napkins at all - they used papertowels from the bathroom.  You pulled off what you needed and went with it.  Yikes!  Where is management when you need them?Food quality was good.  Veggies were fresh, some of the quantities pretty skimpy.  I understand it was lunch time.It seemed there were 2 servers only, and they were hustling. More were certainly needed.Overall, it's a good place to go.  I do enjoy meeting a friend of mine here on an occaisional Sunday afternoon when it's much calmer...altho that's when we had the paper towels issue...but, service is friendly, food is pretty good.Oh...and yesterday, the best soup...Chicken Enchilada Soup...if it's there the day you go...you have to get this!
5	I love to go to lunch at off times when  they are not so busy. This was the case on Friday.  I had a fantastic coupon and the waiter that rang me up said he would even make me a fresh pot of coffee. I did not even have to ask.  The salad was wonderful! I really liked how fresh every thing was. Soup a bit so so,but they even had tacos and they were really good. It was very nice and clean inside. My waiter brought me lots of fresh coffee, i was very happy.
4	definitely worth it when you get a $5 coupon via email or on your receipt.not as good as sweet tomatoes but good. i like their tuna snickerdoodle salad which is always on the menu and the make your own strawberry shortcake bar!
2	closed
2	Our family took us here for dinner. The food was edible. It was really empty when we were there. The service was great!
4	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
