1	So disappointed. We hoped to find another option for pho and bun vermicelli and was quite disappointed. There was no one else there but us. It's the Grand Opening and we were hoping for a good meal. Wow. No bubble teas. Only smoothies. The menu items are very limited ... Only 4 pages (2 total front and back) of options to choose from.  The pho was not aromatic at all. Yes, bland as the other reviewer stated. The prices for pho were average. My husband ordered a large Pho Dac Biet and with a good pho soup broth, you need not add anything but spiciness if needed. This bowl needed fish sauce and way too much hoisin sauce and the color was just of water. No rich broth.The Bun Vermicelli with pork was not good. The lettuce was cut too roughly (large) making it difficult to eat. There was little pork and the pork only tasted of sugar. No savory aromatic shallot and garlic flavor. We will never go again. This place will not last. We are Asian and we love Vietnamese and now that we have scratched it itch to try it, we will not be back. Food is everything! Although the service was good, the food would not even be considered mediocre. It was NOT AUTHENTIC AT ALL and no matter how good service is, it is not enough for us to go back. Sorry.
4	I am glad to finally have a Pho restaurant on this side of town! My husband and I started with the Summer Rolls. I was glad that they were made with more noodles than lettuce. The only complaint about this dish was the peanut sauce wasn't to our liking. It was good just not our favorite in town. I had the #16 which is Pho with rare and well cooked beef, tripe, flank, and tendon. I was pleased with the soup. The tripe was a little chewy, but I've only found one place in charlotte where it wasn't so that was expected. Overall my meal was great. My husband had the # 11 (well and rare beef and meatballs) he finished the entire large bowl, which means he was pleased. The place itself was very clean and somewhat quiet. There were just two other tables taken, so not too much chatter. Service was great. We tend to ask a lot of our servers because we seem to always need something. They were very nice and quick to get us everything we asked for. We will visit again.
1	I was thoroughly excited to have a Vietnamese restaurant on this side of town and closer to home.I tried it for the 1st time today and ordered #11 to go. Place is cute and clean. Staff was friendly.I am disappointed in the the taste of the broth. Very bland, very oily and no flavor. I did my best to add more flavor as much as I can.It may be named Pho Cali but it is not what pho's in California tastes like. I lived there most of my life and since moving to NC 7yrs ago, finding authentic pho is challenging.I'll continue to drive to Saigon Palace for good Vietnamese food.
4	First time ever to a vietnamese restaurant. Waiter spent time explaining common things they have. Very clean. Plenty of seating. Nice decor.Had #24. Vermicelli noodles, grilled shrimp, bbq sliced pork, lettuce, julian carrots, bean sprouts, julian cucumbers, red peppers.  ALL in one big bowl. Several sauces to try. Fish sauce with julian carrots. Clear tangy tart. Couple hot sauces. Hoisin is thick & sweet. Typical soy sauce. I enjoyed. Will be back.
5	Glad to finally have pho near by. Place is clean and nice. Staff is friendly. Food is phenomenal. Definitely suggest the fresh summer rolls. I thought the broth was great so disregard the other review. An awesome gem in the neighborhood.
5	The BEST coconut smoothie's in Charlotte!  All ingredients are fresh...you can taste the coconut.Yes, it's my favorite item on their menu:)Everything I've tried so far is excellent:*Fresh Summer Rolls (not dry, still sticky)*Seafood w/Rice Noodle Soup*Vermicelli w/Grilled Shrimp, Pork & Egg Roll*Stir Fried Seafood Combination*Chicken Hai Nam, Pineapple Rice topped w/steamed chicken served w/ginger fish sauce*Grilled shrimp, Shredded Pork, Steamed Pork cake, Grilled Pork w/fried egg & white riceThe staff is friendly and helpful in explaining the different types of food available. I've been trying something new every time and I always ask them for recommendations and so far so good!Food is tasty and priced fairly.  I'm happy they opened in this location because they're the only Vietnamese restaurant in this area - close to my job and an easy drive to on my way.
3	good place for workdays lunch. Large portion. Ordered combo pho and summer rolls, nice!
2	Broth not flavorful. Disappointing. Service good but not enough to keep me especially if food is not good. For price, not enough meat and small bowls. Prefer Saigon Palace and other options. Restaurant may not last long. Very slow business. We have been enjoying Vietnamese cuisines now for many years and was quite disappointed. Will never go again.
