4	Just ate at this place. Was greeted by the owner and staff who recommended I try the meatball burger. I did not hesitate as the sound of ricotta and parmesan meatballs on a burger sounded delicious.It was a surprise to see it wasn't a traditional burger; the bread was more towards a hotdog roll but of far superior quality - possibly home made with a lighter, crunchier texture - something that made me curious to try out the rest of the menu. No lettuce, tomato, or onion needed as this was delicious on its own (also recommended by the owner)I met the other owner, Sammy who gave me a little extra of meatballs on the side on the house, which was much appreciated.  He was a really nice guy and he is very excited about the new business and the food. I'll definitely be back to try out more of the menu, such as chilli fries and their other burger varieties.
5	STOP WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING AND EAT THESE BURGERS!My girlfriend and I are both burger lovers (I live in NY so I'm spoiled with the good stuff constantly) but we are also big fans on Montreal food. So, when we heard there was a homegrown montreal burger joint serving Poutine Burgers and other local specialities, we knew we had to stop by and check out Royal Burger.Oh my. Oh my. The wonderful tastes.Before I tell you about the dishes we had, I want to note that the meat here was top notch. Instead of buying ground beef, the owner (a very friendly young Canadian fellow) buys steaks and grinds them up himself. The result; steak texture with burger appeal. I had the Poutine Burger and it definitely blew my mind. I got some extra gravy on the side and I sat and eat in a near comatose state of delight. My girlfriend got the Mac and Cheese Burger which was equally delicious.The atmosphere is casual and you can see the place is still "coming together" (it doesn't have a liquor license yet) but that sort of gives it the "it's real" charm. A real place, run by real people, serving REALLY good food.Go now before it gets crowded.
5	we were visiting from New York and saw this welcoming place, that took us in from a cold Montreal spring day.. charming young man runs the place, the nicest staff, and GREAT burgers.... each hand made or order, and the FRIES are to die for... not to mention the amazing Mac & Cheese. Wish we had one in Soho!!!Few places these days serve well priced food without pretense. This is informal, fun and with organic ingredients!!
4	Went there last week. The staff was friendly though somewhat impatient even though the place was empty. We tried the Hangover burger and the Cheeseburger with some fries. The fries were okay, but then we're from Belgium and we haven't been able to find good fries anywhere in this town since we got here! The burgers were fresh made and really good. You can definitely taste that all ingredients are of really good quality and all together make up a great burger. We found the price a bit high for what it is but then this is Montreal...
5	It's a new restaurant yet already has an 'established' feel to it... decor/murals coming together nicely etc... no alcohol for now--but I was informed that will change. As for the burgers I have sampled the Awks, the Atomic and the Gros Boss. All three find themselves in the top echelons of burgerdom.The buns come from Fromontiere --which has been my favourite local bakery for years-- so there is no more improvement they could  make on that score. As for the meat--they say it comes from local farms here in  Quebec--and I can attest to its freshness and richness in taste. They grind the beef daily -- so you cannot even compare the hockey puck-in-a-bun style burger with this "farm-to-table" fare-- kind of like tuna in a can versus the one flopping around on the dock. It seems de rigueur these days for "gourmet'' burgers to be top heavy and taller than their girth and Burger Royal is not about to buck that trend--yet you won't need to ask for a knife and fork--everything seems to hold steady without layers sliding out the side. The portions are going to satisfy and although it seems a bit pricey it means they are not in the business of serving fuel to the drunk crowd looking for a deal. This is the sort of meal you pay attention to while eating. Chill staff and great location even if it does get a bit loud when packed.
5	We stumbled into this clean looking burger joint to discover a few things that I would definitely give Bonus Points for: hormone and antibiotic free beef and chicken - so not only is it grain-fed and free range, but you can actually taste the difference in the meat! We ordered Le Burger Week special with fried chicken, and deep-fried pickle and it was super juicy chicken as well as crispy! The pickle was delicious too! Also on the table was the Hangover Burger and the Royal Smoked Meat Burger and from the way those two ravaged the burgers, I would have to say that the whole meal was a hit. We also ordered two side fries, the Atomic (sriracha, spicy mayo, jalapenos) and the Mexican (chili, cheese, jalapenos). Both were super tasty, good heat and best of all, the skinny french fries! My friend also ordered an cookies and cream captain crunch milkshake, that he gloriously took down in seconds! Next time I come I am definitely trying the mac and cheese selection too!
3	It was a little dry. But Ive heard its amazing so I'm going to try it again.
3	Came here with a coupon, so am factoring that in a bit.  My companion and I both ordered the Big Boss burger with some modifications. The burger itself was very good, although very saucy.  The fries were tasty.  When we were ordering they seemed to be out of quite a few things - one of their drinks, no special milkshake, yam fries.  There was, however, one major problem. We ordered a poutine as one of our sides and it came with some kind of shredded orangish cheese that may have been a cheddar - in any case the combination with the gravy that was on the fries was completely unappetizing.Now, if we were in BC or Alberta this might be somewhat understandable, but this is Montreal. It was delivered with no explanation, and as we paid our bill, we enquired about this choice and we were informed that they were also out of cheese curds and had chosen to make this substitution rather than let us know. I get that it's February and restaurant business is slow at this time of year, but this is a restaurant that specializes in burgers and their accompaniments. I'm shocked that they could run out of cheese curds. Combined with the other things that they were out of, I worry that they would make the same choice to replace their signature hormone-free, antibiotic-free, free-range meat with whatever they could get if they happened to 'run out'.
5	Awesome food, awesome owners.never been to a place where they make their vegan burgers from scratch in house!they speak french and english as well!
4	Impressed by Burger Royal. Tons of options to choose from but most importantly the burger party itself is tasty (and there's a lettuce wrap option!!!). Lots of the city's build a burger spots forget that the burger itself should be delicious (I'm looking at you M:BRGR). Not the case here where meat is well seasoned. Minus one star for not being able to get the burger cooked to your style, would be nice to get a medium-rare burger.
5	Best burger I've had in Montreal so far. They have some pretty funky burger option. What I especially like is that they took a page out of my favorite burger place of all time (IN N OUT) by giving you the option to replace your bun with two massive pieces of lettuce. A little pricey (10-15/burger, fries are extra) but your paying for quality, and quality it is. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. My personal fave is "The Big Boss"
5	Really juicy burgers. Probably the best i have ever had. The macaroni cheese is real delcious.
5	Definitely beat our expectations!One of us had the veggie burger patty and the other had the chicken. The veggie:Honestly the best veggie burger we have ever had- made on site- very flavourful, but falls apart a bit (however, this really wasnt a big deal for me!)The chicken:The Chicken was juicy and well seasoned! You could choose from fried or grilled- i took the grilled.The toppings on  both were really well thought out , unique combos, and really nice quality. The buns were awesome and soft ! We also got a side of Onion rings which were ALSO the best we've ever had (thick battered and well cooked)Other side was the Mac and Cheese (we got it with caramelized onions), really creamy , delicious and unique hints of fennel! Delicious. Two "Bests" in one meal= 5 starsthe price was a bit on the high side, but for what you are getting, its very worth it.  We got a daily deal for the place , so it was a good deal, but we would go back for a regular priced meal for SURE.
3	Interesting combination of burgers available. Loved that you can get the different combinations with either a beef, chicken or vegetarian party, so everyone has the full menu to choose from. However, extremely disappointed in the service. Me and my boyfriend went on a Friday night and it took two hours to get a couple of burgers and fries. My order arrived 15 minutes before his, and the fries were not fresh. I would go again for the burger, but maybe at a less busy time.
1	Ridiculous! Placed an order for delivery and I get a call back almost an hour later saying they're too busy to make my food so they just won't. Another time, went to try the burgers, they're good, but the service is horrible. Just a tip: You won't get to keep your customers if you treat them like crap.
5	Our friends took us here during a recent weekend trip in Montreal. Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. Amazing taste and cooked to perfection. The fries and salad were good too, but you really go here for the burgers. They have a huge menu of different types, although I had the classic burger with a few basic toppings and wasn't disappointed. Highly recommended.
3	I would give 3 1/2 if possible. This was an enjoyable experience but nothing special. The service was great (giving we went on a wednesday afternoon), the waitress was very knowledgeable about her menu and very nice, the meal arrived fairly quickly. Our glasses were kept full and she checked on us regurlarly. Overall, the service was excellent.The rest, no so much. We had fried pickles (which I am particularly fond of) and they were good, only problem; the price. 1.50$ per slice... Same problem with burger. The prices on the menu are for the burgers only, no sides. It felt a bit excessive in my opinion. As for the taste, well, nothing special. Seriously, it was just, normal, which kind of sucks when you pay 14$ just for a Burger.
2	I dragged my boyfriend here because I wanted a burger. I looked on Yelp and it says 4*. Honestly. I would give this place 2,5 max. The bun is too dry so the patty. And the 1/6lbs comes with a TINY bun. So everything gets out of there and you end up eating everything separately. And I'm not talking about the mayo. They put SO MUCH mayo on a tiny bun that you don't even taste the meat anymore. Well the meat was not that good so not a big deal. But I don't like the taste of too much mayo either. Anyways. Go if you are starving. But be aware that it's overrated. Not worth it.
