5	was referred by dr sokol of scottsdale healthcare emergency room. had developed a case of "shingles". was worked into the schedule in a short time suffering from pain in the neck/right side of skull and was treated very well by the staff and dr mccracken who is "no nonsense". this office is an office who answers the phone "live" and not with a voice system. the office wait was fairly short considering the office appointments were being set for a wekk later than my time.
2	Customer service is not a focus of this office. Staff behind the desk aren't happy when they greet you and they definitely do not appreciate when it's 20 minutes past your appointment time and you ask them when you'll be seen. Nor do they appreciate it when it's 45 minutes or 60 minutes past your appointment time and you, again, ask what gives. The nurses generally are fine once they escort you in to a room, but they don't exactly provide a warm and welcoming experience. I've been going here for over a year, and just about every single time I call and need to speak to a nurse, I have to re-explain my question or issue multiple times. Often I'll be put on hold after I've explained my problem and then someone else will pick up and have no idea why I've just been transferred to them. You can't ever speak directly to a nurse without first leaving a message. Then, you're not guaranteed a call back the same day even if you call first thing in the morning. Hours are 9-5 and they have "extended hours" until 6pm on Wednesday. How thoughtful! Twice I have had prescriptions sent over to my local Walgreens, gone to pick it up, and it wasn't there. Generally, no one takes responsibility for issues like this. Every time I call and speak to a nurse they never introduce themselves, so I find it challenging to establish any kind of relationship. There was one nurse, however, that went above and beyond for me, and because of that I feel better about continuing as a patient here.It's clean and a great location, but if you're looking for a home-y derm's office where they know you and actually care about you, this is not the place.
2	My first visit and I had to wait 1 hour past my appointment time - no explanation or apology. Dr wasn't the friendliest, assistants very nice though. I was seen for skin test and 2 biopsies were needed. I paid my copay at time of service and then a month later received another bill for copayment. When I called office about this they said I had an office copay and a procedure copay. I've never heard of being billed 2 copay for 1 visit, nor experienced this before. I will not be going here again and would not recommend them to anyone.
1	I came to have a skin rash checked and saw a PA since I had to wait a month to see the Doctor. I had multiple subtle rashes on my skin and was told that it wasn't anything serious. My rash grew and turned out to be a fungal infection that has now discolored my skin. I saw a PCP who prescribed the proper medication but it still has not retuned my skin to its original color. Never going back there.
5	Nice office, nice staff.  Dr. McCracken diagnosed my issue in like three seconds flat and got me the needed Rx to solve the problem.
5	A doctor from a different office had looked at a spot on my leg and told me it was fine.  By chance I saw Dr. Thompson a few weeks later for something unrelated and he noticed the spot on my leg and recommended a biopsy.  It came back basal cell carcinoma.  I am incredibly thankful to Dr. Thompson for recommending the biopsy (especially after a different office had said the spot was fine).  Lee did my follow-up and excision.  He took the time to make sure I understood everything and answered all my questions.  Everyone was extremely nice and professional.  I am going to the Center for Dermatology for all my annual skin checks, etc. going forward.
2	Appointment times seem to be arbitrary and it feels more like a first come first served basis.  After waiting for 30 minutes I had to cancel and leave.  Front desk was friendly enough but seemed disorganized and overworked.  I'll try again another day and update review if things are different.
4	This is an update from a prior review.  I came back for another appointment and it went quite well.  Everyone was very professional, competent and friendly.  My questions were answered exactly and the appointment was very comfortable and not longer than needed.  The only thing was there was a bit of a wait despite the appointment, which we all know is common in the industry.  I've been here three times and average wait time is about 30 minutes, despite making an appointment and arriving early.
5	I have acneic skin and have suffered with this issue since college.  Now in my 30's and after years of visiting different dermatologists and estheticians I finally found someone I trust.  There is nothing more frustrating than visiting an office and having the provider prescribe yet another antibiotic (only after 3 min of talking to you) and sending you on your way.  As a RN myself, I have high expectations about the care I receive.  At the Center for Dermatology I was assessed and treated by Ha Pham, PA.  It was the first time someone took the time to REALLY assess me and attempt to get to the root of the problem.  He sent me to get labs and he asked questions others never did.  He also gave me great advice about changing my daily routine and nutritional habits.  Sure, I can still get the occasional break out... but my skin has never looked better.  I continue to learn more from each appointment and I would highly recommend anyone to do the same.  I've never dealt with anyone else at that office so I can't speak on behalf of the others who have made reviews.  I would just recommend you call and ask for Ha Pham, PA.  You won't regret it.  :)
5	Center for Dermatology is an outstanding practice. I've had nothing but great experiences here. I've been seeing one of the PAs here for quite some time, and I cannot say enough about how much he has helped me. Their providers have a great deal of medical knowledge, excellent clinical bed-side manner, and energetic dynamic personalities that makes me look forward to my appointments. The staff is beyond friendly, and the office is very well-run. STOP LOOKING and book your appointment already!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Dr.Petelin and his staff. I always feel I am in the best care and given the time I need to discuss any questions and/or concerns when meeting with him. This is so important when dealing with your skin and I love getting the attention that every patient deserves whether it's in the office or if I call and have questions. Very prompt, detailed and comforting. He is honestly the best, I turst him and his care! Highly recommended!!
