5	I can highly recommend First Serve Realty and specifically Fadra.  We relocated from California to Las Vegas and they worked diligently finding us a home (not one they managed) and then went WAY above and beyond assisting us with items that were clearly not typical in this type of a transaction.  I'm not an easy person to deal with and we are "picky" people, First Serve hung in there with us and gave us great counsel on this transaction.When our lease term is up we will be using First Serve on our purchase transaction.  Great experience, highly recommend.
5	Everyone at first serve realty is fantastic.. Being a first time renter. Fadra and her team  always manage every situation that comes up unexpectedly.  Allowing me piece of mind that the house is being well managed.
5	Been a client of First Serve Realty since 2012.  Use their property management service and have been extremely satisfied with the professionalism and the thorough job their staff does.  They are always very patient and courteous.  They respond to calls and emails right away.  Really a great convenience having them do all the day to day work for us.  They have been a one stop shop for our property management needs and I would never consider looking elsewhere.  They are well connected and know Las Vegas inside and out.  Delighted with their performance.
5	Looking for a property manager? I recommend Fadra Kyle from First Serve Realty. We were moving out of the country, and needed a professional, reliable property manager for our house.Fadra secured excellent tenants for our house, and has managed the small repairs without any hassle to us. At the six month mark, she completed a thorough inspection of the property with photo documentation. First Serve Realty also has an online section for rental owners, which makes tracking financials easy.Having a property manager we can trust has been invaluable, especially considering our distance.
5	First Serve Realty has done an EXCELLENT job of managing our condo in Las Vegas for the past two years.  We have not had one management worry and have been given reliable and professional service from Fadra and her team.  I highly recommend First Serve for your property management needs!
5	First Serve Realty Rocks! As first-time landlords, we were pretty anxious, so we hired First Serve Realty to manage our property and we're so glad we did!Fadra Kyle & her team have been on top of everything. Beginning with meeting at our property, taking photos, advertising for tenants, and providing us with a market analysis--everything was done in record timing and with total professionalism. Also thrilled that the team interviewed & secured tenants in a timely fashion.Along with keeping us posted on any minor repairs and the tenants' questions, the First Serve Realty team has always responded to our questions and concerns as new landlords in a timely and efficient manner. As someone who likes to keep track of everything online, I have really appreciated the online service for property owners. My husband & I would HIGHLY recommend Fadra Kyle & the First Serve Realty team for managing your properties because of  their exceptional customer service and excellent management of our property!
5	A friend of mine recommended Fadra to me when I wanted to buy my first home. DH and I had discussed what we wanted in a home and communicated that w Fadra.  She came thru and showed us what we had asked for. But I wasn't happy with any of it.  She then gave us some great advice and asked if she could show what was better suited for us.  We fell in love with the first home she recommended.  Everything went so smoothly from beginning to end.  She is not only friendly, she is amazing at her job and knows what her clients not only want but what they NEED.  It's almost time to buy our next house and when the time is right I will most definitely be giving her a call.
5	We were lucky enough to have Brian Kyle represent us on both the sale and purchase of homes recently in Summerlin.    We found a house matching our exact specifications with Brian doing a lot of leg work.   This was good because he didn't drag us to a lot of homes, only those matching our needs.   He quickly and efficiently negotiated a great deal, while at the same time listing our existing home.   Within the first 3 days we had multiple offers and were able to negotiate strong sale terms.    We couldn't be happier with the great representation by a great realtor who made the transactions easy and efficient .
5	Fadra Kyle and her team has done a superior job handling our rental property. I am currently in the military and move a lot but I have peace of mind for my rental property, I leave it all to Fadra and her team to handle not only the tenants but anything that is required to be fixed or managed, her team is highly skilled and always return our call when we have any question. By far the best of the best that I have seen in 27 years in the Army, her expertise, technical and professional skills can't be compared with any property or real-estate agency in Las Vegas. I would recommend Fadra to anyone who is looking for property management or out to buy a home.  Thanks Fadra and Team we love you, by the way I had my tenant leave this year for California, immediately Fedra and her team rented the property in 48 hours, world record:-)  She also provided me with a yearly update on all expenses and record of my rental income...From Fort Bragg NC,LTC Tony Migos and Marites
5	First serve realty was amazing!  I found my new home within a month, and I could not be happier with their service throughout the process!  I would recommend first serve realty to all my friends and family.
5	I started working with Fadra in 2009. I am active duty and was re-assigned to New Mexico and needed to rent out my house. Long story short the market at the time really did a number on my homes value. From a renter, to near foreclosure and finally a lengthy short sale I was able to finally breathe a sigh of relief when her husband Bryan did a lot of hard work and got it sold. They were polite and patient through a very stressful process and I recommend their team to anyone with any sense! Thanks a bunch guys!!!
5	As a recent customer of First Serve Realty, I have personally seen how helpful Fadra, and her team have been in assisting me find a new home. Their team exudes professionalism, and I would not hesitate to utilize them again or recommend them to friends and family. First Serve Realty will go out of its way to find you proper accommodations.- Real customer
