2	Seriously? No other reviews here? I came here on a saturday night with a friend that's also visiting from out of town. Cover was $15 (not cheap, but that's what you expect with clubs in downtown I guess). Drinks is somewhere b/w $7 to $10. There are two floors, main dance floor, 2 bars and a couple tables on the first and bathroom, 1 bar and 2 tables on the second.The decor is modern with white walls, white tables and glasses as railings..trendy & typical. The crowd there I felt was mostly tourists like me and slightly older (late 20s to mid 30ish) and there was 1 big group having a celebration there. Music was your typical top 40 hip pop. The club is not that big but the dance floor was never crowded/pack...depending on your preference, that can be a good or bad thing. ..more space for you to dance vs. high energy of a crowd..The thing that annoyed me the most was they only served bottled water and it costed $4...what a rip off...Overall I don't really like the vibe of this place, there are other places on st Catherine that has cheaper drinks and better crowd (higher energy level and more friendly)
1	I came with some friends right after this place opened on a Saturday night. It filled up very quickly, and soon was packed. It was hard to move around (not much space) and the music/vibe were nothing special. Drinks weren't outrageous but still pricey (cheapest shots/beer were $5, most drinks about $8-10+ and a minimum of $1 tip per drink was required or they'd take it back). Since it wasn't anything special we decided to leave. We then realized that most of our group hadn't gotten claim tickets for our coats when we arrived, so we were told to wait until closing if we wanted them back, even though they had recorded each person's initials to identify the coats and we could see/point them out from where we were standing, as the coat room wasn't very large. I tried to plead with them about not waiting until closing (would've been a few hours) since I could see my coat right there; I was persistent but perfectly polite to the coat ladies, and no profanity or aggression. Instead I promptly got kicked out of the club into the Montreal cold with no coat. Luckily I came back the next day right before opening and they were very friendly about giving it back, but it was a bad experience to say the least. Nothing about the place was terrible, but no claim tickets for the coats, and the way they handled the issue, was extremely frustrating. That happened once we were already fed up enough with the place to leave. Could've been worse but absolutely would not recommend it!!
1	This place was absolutely hands down the worst night club I've ever been to. My friends and I each paid $75.00 for tickets on new years eve for an "open bar" and a line pass. We thought it was a fairly good deal however it turned out to be a huge scam. When we arrived we did get to skip the general entrance line however had to wait in line anyways to be patted down then waited in line again for coat check(which costed 3$, not bad), so already we were anxious to get our night started. Upon finally entering at around 1030pm the club was filled to a comfortable point. We went to the bar to get drinks only to find out we couldnt get shots for whatever reason, ok no big deal we'll get mixed drinks. We didnt really pay attention to how the bartender made the drinks at first until after we tasted them, there was barely any alcohol at all. Ok we'll just drink more of them I guess, wrong, after our first round we decided to try a different bartender to our dismay the other bartenders started demanding "mandatory tips," like WTF I'll give you a tip if you deserve it, and when we tried to take our drinks and walk away the bartender actually refused to give them to us. I couldnt believe this I was actually livid. Now I'm in a bad mood, and it only got worse, as the time got closer to midnight more and more people(mostly underage high-schoolers from the looks of it) were being packed in and the design of this club is so bad it created so many choke points nobody could move, including the employees pushing everyone out of the way to get where they needed to go, it was a huge mess. In conclusion this place sucks, theyre just trying to flip a profit not create a positive experience for their customers. We ended up leaving before midnight and enjoyed it from the comfort of our hotel instead. Just avoid this place hopefully the owner will be forced to sell it to someone who cares.
