4	Ordered using iPhone app. Store has excellent and quick delivery, even on typically busy nights. Took advantage of 3 md pizzas for $5.55 ea, add on toppings are not a great value, and while delivery is less than Pizza Hut, it still sucks that they charge all orders an extra $1.99 on top of tax. Pizzas were delivered super hot in about 25 minutes. Everything was made correctly and tasted good. Will definitely get pizza from there again!
3	This Dominos does have tasty food, their buffalo wings are not very good though.  Their pan pizza is very tasty when it is made properly.  The problem I have with them is that all too often they do not put enough cheese on the pizza we have ordered.. Too many times I have ordered triple cheese on my pizza, and when I get it you can actually see parts of the crust in different places all over the pizza  :(   I think if you have paid for triple cheese, you should get it on there!  The pizza does come fairly fast. It has always been hot and fresh.  We have stopped ordering from them for awhile. We just don't appreciate paying for something we do not get. If it happened only a time or two, that is acceptable, but it is not acceptable when it happens most of the time...
2	I ordered pizza again from Dominos.  I paid $21.18 for a large thin crust pizza with what was suppose to be triple cheese and beef on it!!  Once again... they didn't put the triple cheese on it even though I had to pay extra for that cheese.. I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR AGAIN!!!!  It is very disappointing to order something a certain way that you would like to have it, even though you have to pay extra money to get it  that way... and when it comes..they ripped you off and didn't put it on there!! I thought I might give them another chance to see if they give me my pizza the way I ordered it... but unfortunately NO THEY DIDNT... I think I should do to them like I did to pizza hut and just stop ordering from them completely because I am tired of ordering extra cheese on my pizza from there and not getting it..   Why should we have to pay for extra cheese if they aren't going to  put it on there anyway???
2	we ordered from here again tonight ... no it is not a fluke! it seems every time we order from here, something has gone wrong with our pizza... I took pics of the pizza we ordered, if I can I will put them on here...it was really overcooked!!!
1	I have ordered from here before and it used to be good.. I am not sure I will order from here again. Every time I order from here, they don't put much cheese on the pizza or it is burned or half raw or something... This time they didn't put any sauce on the pizza!!!  it wasn't very good to say the least.......
1	Ordered a bacon cheeseburger pan pizza from here. The pizza was ten minutes later than the time said it would take to get here, which is really sad seeing this dominos is just down the road from us.  It came looking like we had ordered it yesterday and took it out of the fridge and had reheated it!!!!  and once again, they forgot the pizza sauce on the pizza!!!  I do not understand how a place that makes pizza forgets to put the pizza sauce on the crust!!  I called to complain about the pizza sauce and told them i could handle that the double cheese i ordered on it was not on the pizza, and i could handle the fact that it came cold, but i can't handle it having no sauce on it!! they did give us a credit for it, which is pretty much useless at this point with them... NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE DOMINOS!!!  I told my husband we should pick up a dominos pizza at one that makes a great pizza, because we have had them, and bring it to this dominos and show them how a dominos pizza should be made!!!!  This dominos, hands down, is the worst pizza place i have ever ordered from!!!! They had their pizzas half off the regular menu price... we still paid 12.16 for a medium pan pizza!!! plus a $4 tip for the driver...
4	I place my order via the Internet. the website is very user friendly, not a lot of unnecessary questions. Pizza tracker on the website is pretty cool with the exception of the  "quality check"  for whatever reason this store seems to skip that step. I have posted a picture of the pizza that was delivered. Not very appetizing! the wings could have used a little more time in the oven.  I rated my experience on their website, and to my surprise within minutes I was contacted by a manager that goes by the name of Talmadge. He was able to handle my concerns in a professional manner, for that reason my review goes from 1 star to 4.
5	I always order via Dominos.com or via the iphone App, which is free and SO convenient.  You can set an "easy order" and reordering your favorite meal is easy as pie.  I love the ease of use, and the pizza tracker is awesome.  You get to know the name of the people who are touching your order as they are preparing it!  This location has never failed to show up on time for all of my delivery orders, and my order is ALWAYS 100% correct! I use the coupon online that is $5.99 for a number of different items as long as you get 2 or more.  Great deal with wonderful savings.  Food is always tasty - but then, it's Dominos, what do you expect?! :)
1	This is the worst experience ever.They delivered pizza that hit the ground.Toppings were all wadded up in the corner and on the top.What a rip off, lack of concern and poor service.This place sucks!
