1	My wife and co-workers recently took a Concealed Carry/Basic Handgun course from this company.  The instructor, from the beginning of the class, singled-out select students and badgered the class.  One of my coworkers, who is foreign-born, but a US citizen was repeatedly singled-out and was the only student to attend the entire class, but not pass.  At one point, the instructor said, "We no do that here" to him (my co-worker has lived in the US for over 10 years and speaks english excellently).The instructor physically tussled with an older (and irate) gentleman and routinely applied un-necessary force to students (forcibly pushing hands down to 45 degrees from 40 degrees while on the range).  Women who were unable to work the actions on pistols, hit the TARGET (not the bulls-eye, the target!) at 10 feet, or point their weapon in a safe direction were passed.  Students were instructed to keep their weapons pointed down-range at all times, but were not provided with any surface other than a shooting bench (located behind them) to place their pistols while reloading - try reloading a revolver for the first time, while pointing it down-range, while standing and holding it.  Worst of all, my wife left the class without learning firearm safety or any legal scenario training (i.e. someone is breaking into your house, can you shoot them?).  She did not even learn to clean the fire arm she took.  Of the 8 people I know who attended, 0 were satisfied with the quality of instruction or material covered.  This course was a sham.
4	I took my CCW class here and the instructor was very knowledgeable.  No complaints here and he made me a more accurate shooter.  What more could you ask for?
3	Rick was the instructor, and was very informative.   I took the CCW course for firearms in November along with my wife and son.  The course started with an overview of handguns, and which ones are appropriate for different shooters.  This was huge knowledge, and a bonus that I wasn't expecting.  It was like getting a training on guns while getting a training on CCW.  Rick is a no-nonsense guy.  If you don't listen expect to be asked to leave.  If you can't follow instructions and fill out the forms correct the first time, you'll have to get your own forms.  And in the case of the firearms training, if you're stupid enough to point a gun at another shooter next to you while loading it - as one shooter did - then you'll be asked to leave.   He took the time with everyone, and the three of us were able to shoot with the same gun, and get our CCW certificates.  It was a little stressful, but it was worth it.  Is Rick dry?  Yes, but his knowledge on law and rule of law is is valuable, and easily alone pays for the class if you can look past that. Is the class fun?  It was a good experience.   if you want to learn, you will walk away with a lot of real-life knowledge about guns and the laws, liability, what's legitimate defense, and what you can and cannot do with a gun.   The above is key.  Knowing what you can and cannot do is important.  Don't take this lightly.   I walked away educated and with perspective on where and when it's appropriate, allowed, or illegal to have, wear, produce or use a firearm.In his defense, Rick is also responsible for 20 or so people with guns in each class, and has my respect.   If you review the laws required for CCW, you'll do just fine.  If you walk in expecting to breeze through without an effort, then you may not have a good time. Bring your paperwork, and remember to fill out the forms correctly and in all capitals.  Also, as instructed, leave your gun in the car when you arrive in class, just like he asks in the paperwork.
1	Terrible class!  I can't believe I paid for this. instructor is rude, degrading and actually mocks students repeatedly. There is other classes around town that offer the CCW training don't spend your money here. If you do good luck I warned you!
1	Taking this class was one of the worst experiences I have ever had! I can't believe I actually paid for this abuse and to watch others be talked down to and abused! This guy Rick Barkett was the most rude, inconsiderate and belittling excuse for a human I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. He made even asking a question something you did not want to do because if you did you would be made to feel stupid for asking. Fortunatley for me, I already knew everything he was paid to teach me and I got the certificate I needed. I wish I would have looked into this guy before taking this class. Taught me that I should be on here more often!
2	I cant recommend these guys only because they are not very friendly.  I understand the seriousness of this business but we take a class to learn....not to prove you read the material and now you are at the class proving that you know this stuff already.  My experience was similar to many others and was even yelled at once as well.  I came ultra prepared since my friend took the class weeks ahead and warned me about the instructor and I listened carefully and still overlooked a small fact that got me in the hot seat for a moment.  The instructor did seem to warm up afterward and was nicely answering questions toward the end.  I found myself feeling sorry for his lack of people skills but I figure that's from years of being a police officer.  I am leaving a 2 star because I did learn stuff and by the end the class wasn't as bad as a prison I suppose.
5	Instructor very patient and knowledgeable. Contrary to a couple other comments on this forum, I found Rick to be very polite, yet stern when it came to the serious nature of safe gun handling by students. I myself felt a bit uneasy with some student attitudes while on the range. Overall, in my opinion, this class was concise, effective & complete. I plan on taking a more advanced class with this instructor next time I am in AZ. Highly recommend to anyone looking to get their AZ CCW permit.
5	After reading some of these posts. I have to say that they are a bit harsh. I just completed the 4 hr ADFT training and found it incredibly informative. It is true that Rick is a no-nonsense character, however, when dealing with lethal weapons coupled with ensuring safety of all attendees...this is a VERY SERIOUS MATTER! I went there expecting a no-nonsense person. It's all about setting expectations. If you wanted a happy-go-lucky instructor, I'd suggest you reconsider the seriousness of owning and handling a handgun. Rick shared anecdotes of his vast experiences in the field which my wife and I found extremely helpful as it added context to the theory. After the course, Rick took the time to answer more of our questions along with sharing some of his best recommendations of gun safety and selection. Moreover, Rick was very encouraging to my British wife who has not ever shot a gun before and was quite intimidated by the notion of owning a gun. After the class, she was confident enough to accompany me to buy our own handgun. My wife also did very well at the range due to Rick's excellent tutelage. I'd absolutely consider returning to Rick to further enhance my firearm skills and legal knowledge. I wholeheartedly endorse Rick as an instructor. Remember, you are going to learn how to shoot a firearm. Any minor mistake can be fatal. I don't want anything short of Rick to train me and others around me so that I am not a statistic on the 7 o'clock news. If you are unhappy you can't follow simple directions on how to fill out paperwork, perhaps you need to reconsider owning and handling a lethal weapon.
