3	Not quite a review, as I've not managed to contact them to book a table, but they are at least now on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TukTukEdinburgh .  The web site isn't up to much just yet: http://tuktukonline.com .I am really looking forward to eating there, hopefully soon.(Had to give it a star rating, so have gone with a moderate '3', but note that I've not tasted any food yet!)
3	So, I sort of feel bad to review this restaurant this early, as others have mentioned how they've only opened recently and are working out the kinks. My friend and I went here for dinner after work on a Thursday about 2 weeks after opening and were very excited to come here after seeing the restaurant's tuk tuks wandering the streets. First of all, it's a great location in the heart of tollcross, across from King's Theatre and conveniently next to a co-op when you want to take advantage of Tuk Tuk's BYOB policy. The branding they've developed is very smart and makes it look like it's part of a chain. After asking one of the waitstaff who is a school friend of the owner, he said they hope to eventually expand in this way. The interior is very stylish but also has an old building charm. We only discovered upon visiting the toilets that the building must have used to be a bank, as there's a huge vault door in the ladies'! The music was also very fun, who doesn't love a bit of bollywood?The major problem with our visit was the wait for the food. We were seated immediately when we arrived, but because there was a large group that had sat down not long before us, the kitchen had a hard time dealing with the number of orders. Our server continually apologised for the delay and even brought out complementary poppadoms when we asked for something because we were starving after waiting for such a long time. I would think that once they have their service down, they would aim to bring out the tapas style dishes as they're ready, but we mostly got ours all at once as in a normal restaurant. The food was good. Each dish came in a perfect portion size considering one person is recommended to order 2-3 dishes. There was this mysterious sauce that seemed to appear drizzled on most of the dishes; my friend didn't much care for it but it wasn't listed on the menu so she didn't know not to ask for it. The dishes also came in these small metal dishes that, while stylish, were very hot to the touch! It made it difficult if you wanted to pour a curry over rice or to pass a dish over the table to someone. At the end of the meal, though, the bill was surprisingly affordable for the amount we ordered, though at that time they could only take cash as payment. Luckily, it's located right next to the co-op! I plan on going back here because I think they have a lot of potential and room to improve on this one experience. I'm excited to see this local business grow, hopefully for the better.
3	Tuk Tuk is fresh, bright and new, offering a street food spin on Indian food. Essentially, what they have on offer is tapas style Indian, so it's not a style with which you'll be entirely unfamiliar. It's early days for the place, and I don't feel they've really found a range of dishes that will wow customers, but they're starting from a solid foundation, so have every chance to develop into a really good wee place.Overall, we said: "Tuk Tuk is worth a visit, but I'd be surprised if you're blown away by what they have on offer. The idea is a good one, but the quality and/or originality needs to be cranked up a notch if the place is going to put broad grins on the faces of diners. For now, it's quietly pleasing, which is quite a good starting point. I look forward to visiting, later in the year, to see how the menu has evolved and how they've developed their offering."
3	Sitting on a prominent corner opposite the Kings Theatre, Tuk Tuk Indian Street Food is an odd mix of modern minimalist marketing and traditional simple street food.  It works on a tapas-style approach - they recommend two people order between 5 and 6 dishes and work from there. It's not licensed so BYOB is the order of the day (no corkage charge),So, last night, when I was the lead guitarist out of the Shadows, we decided to pop in here after picking up a rather nice bottle of red on the way. When it comes to tapas, I come over all Carol Vorderman and select random dishes from different sections without much attention to what's actually in them.  Sometimes it works and sometimes my food allergies get the better of me. On this occasion I think it's safe to say it worked out reasonably well. We had......Fish cakes.  Not that great. Yes they were shaped like cakes and had an 'aroma de la mer' but somehow the subtle flavours were lost amidst the rest.  They would have benefited from some kind of dipping sauce. They weren't that hot either.  Lamb kebabs that could have done with a yoghurt dressing but otherwise were pretty decent. Chilli garlic chicken. Fantastic. A lamb curry. Almost as good as the chilli garlic chicken.  Hakka Chilli Paneer. Just confusing. Think Singapore Noodles meets Rogan Josh. It tasted ok but somehow my senses were working overtime to comprehend what I was seeing and what I was tasting.  On the side we had rice and garlic nan, both good.We finished off with a couple of chai teas. So in summary, I think Tuk Tuk is probably a decent 'try me' kind of place, but I don't think there's enough here to keep me coming back for more. Yes the bill is quite reasonable, but you've already paid for your booze and it's easy to leave that calculation off the total.  As with most tapas ventures there will inevitably be a couple of dishes that don't totally work so you have to focus on the overall appeal of the meal.
4	Tuk Tuk is a different sort of Indian, tapas style and set out more like a modern diner than a restaurant, there is a minimalist and bright style that works well with the street food aim.The food is good, we had a reasonable selection of dishes (meaty and vegetarian) and sides (massala chips, nan and pickle selection) and we all left happy (and full) and it was all fairly inexpensive.In short modern setting, good food and BYOB, what is not to like!
4	Popped in here last night for some impromptu food after a couple of beers at Benetts over the road and we were not disappointed. Contemporary decor with lots of asian twists in the theme caught my interest from the outset. Really nice roomy space with lots of seating options from tables to massive benches. The menu is mainly tapas with options galore for veggies and vegans too, so thumbs up from the better half. I opted for the mixed grill and dare I say it this was better than the Kebab Mahal mixed grill that was my previous bench mark. I managed to try some of the paneer noodles, which were really tasty as were the mixed pickle jars.These are tiny little jars but packed full of flavour. All in the 3 of us had a great meal and will be back :D Ahh yes a side note it is BYOB so if you fancy some vino with your Pakora make sure to grab some before you turn up, if not there is a COOP and a supermarket close at hand.
4	It's being your own wine and/or beer with no corkage!!! The Indian food here is great, and I really enjoy the atmosphere! They say that every person should order 3-4 dishes but I think that's cray-cray. Two is enough for me.There's a youthful atmosphere that I like about this place. It's clean, airy, with fun bright orange colours. So very different to what I normally experience at other Indian restaurants (all of them I'm not bothered to sit in!)The food tastes fresh! I ordered the railway station lamb and it came in it's own mini-pot with an abundance of spinach in the sauce. I thought that was a nice change. Generally when you order a curry it mentions things like peppers, spinach, etc, but you never ACTUALLY see much of vegetables in it.. It's mostly just overly oily/creamy sauce! My group bought a few bottles of wine to bring, and once our table was cleared, we kept on drinking! What was nice is that we never felt rushed to leave after we finished eating. It felt like we stayed an extra hour afterwards and they didn't mind at all...Anyways, I know when I want an Indian I will be here. Railway Lamb get.in.ma.bellay.
4	I actually quite liked this place. It's not fancy, kinda looks like it's been decorated by ikea, however for the concept of quick tapas style Indian street food you wouldn't really expect a plush decor. I came with a group of 10, organised by me (again) to try somewhere new around the Lothian rd area and of course for their byob policy. Always a winner at a team night out! I wasn't sure how the menu and concept would go down for such a large group. The waiter's suggestion of some set options for a per head cost were poo-poo'd by the blokes who wanted "their own food" so I had to ask for a bit of paper to write down everyone's 3 choices against their names so we could remember what we ordered and keep track. Complicated or what! The waiters were pretty patient with us thankfully. The food turned up at different times. Basically it arrived when it was ready. I explained the concept of the place to the guys a million times but there were a few moans from people who didn't have their food when some had 2 dishes. The moans stopped when everyone had at least 1 of their dishes in front of them. The quality of the food was unquestionable though. Very tasty! I had mixed pakora (half of it sneakily nicked by a work buddy), butter chicken and a lamb dish with ginger. The lamb was my favourite! The selection of naan breads were great - soft, buttery, crispy.... No-one had any complaints with the food. The only options that didn't go down as well as the others were the mini Indian burgers (well, what do you expect ordering a burger in an Indian restaurant!) and some kind of cold chickpea mush on crisp things. The 2 people who ordered that option both didn't expect it to be a cold dish and felt the menu description was completely different to what arrived. I'd go back again but in a much smaller group. It's far too complicated keeping track of dishes for large parties. My control freak tendencies were pushed to the limit on this visit. P.s. nice, clean toilets! With toothbrushes...!?!?!
4	Very accommodating staff in what is clearly a busy and popular establishment (rustled up two extra chairs for us no problem when they discovered the party's increased size hadn't been noted down from our secondary phonecall).Service after we'd ordered was noticeably delayed but we put this down to the way the orders are scheduled in the kitchen. Once the food started to arrive it was all on the table in quick succession. No complaints about any of the numerous dishes we ordered.
4	I took my better half here for dinner last night for his birthday. Tuk Tuk had been on our radar for a while but we hadn't yet got around to visiting. As we were going to the cinema at Fountainpark in the afternoon we decided to go here after. I totally forgot to take a photo of the food (sorry Robyn) but it looked as good as it tasted.This super informal restaurant is home to a lovely chilled environment with nice staff and great food. What more could you ask for? Also, it is BYOB with free corkage, so nip next door to Scotmid, grab a cheapy bottle of wine and settle in Tuk Tuk for the evening.The menu contains a vast array of authentic Indian street food dishes. We order about 8 dishes to share between us, including lamb, veg and chicken, accompanied by a couple of delicious cheese naans and a roti. I can't remember the exact dishes we ordered but everything was so full of flavour and tasty, I would recommend going there and just ordering a variety of dishes that you have no idea what they are.My only criticism (and why I haven't given it 5 stars) was that the food wasn't hot (temperature), it was all pretty luke warm. However, this is easily fixed and I'm sure we'll be back there again very soon. Highly recommend it!
3	Had to wait FOREVER to get fed here, which didn't do much for my grumbly and unreliable tummy. The other problem for me is that most of the food is spicy, which is a bit of an issue when you've got a sensitive gut like me (too much info?). Despite asking the waitress for the least spicy options, what turned up still had me sweating. I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant and the idea of street food. We were in a group of nine people so quite a few folk ordered the set menu, which was never ending and seemed pretty good value for money. Again, quite long waits between servings so not an ideal option if the place is really busy. I opted for two veggie dishes and a naan bread - I think one of the dishes was a daal and the other was a potato and aubergine dish. They were both nice, but the spice was too much for me despite the waitress saying they weren't too hot. What can I say, I'm a wimp. The portion sizes weren't spectacular as you'd expect from a joint that does Indian tapas, and that combo just about filled me up. It was all just, well, okay. I see quite a lot of folk like this place, but the combo of spice, long wait and tapas didn't really do it for me. Maybe another visit needs to happen when less packed... Or maybe it's just not for me. TOO MUCH SPICY SPICY!! :(
4	Really cool decor. Great tasting food. Check out the lucky Mondays. Rolled the dice and managed to get the meal for free.
4	All the little plates of Indian food!Lamb on the bone with spinach, oh-eh-gee. That kind of overshadows all the dishes in my memory, as it was so delicious. But the channa daal, and other wee things were all delicious too. Even the little pots of pickles with the popadoms were great (although they were small and not much pickle in each wee pot.)There's also a photo booth where you can take stupid photos of yourself (or beautiful ones, if you're inclined) and they'll upload directly to their FB page. Fun times!A bustly, busy, friendly, quick-service restaurant. BYOB, delicious food, great fun. I would certainly go back!
3	Hmmmm - I was a little disappoint ed with tuk tuk truth be told, after hearing and reading lots of great thinks I was really underwhelmed.The service was a bith all over the place, took 5 times of asking to get some water.The food portions for what you pay are reasonable, the cooking of the food itself I had a slight issue with. The seasoning was either over bearing or non-existent depending on the dish. The naan was very light and tasty but perhaps small for the price as were the rice portions.I can see why it has and will do well but not really my kind o thing.f
4	Lovely indian style tapas restaurant.My boyfriend and I went to Tuk Tuk because we didn't just want one or two indian dishes, we wanted to eat from several. That's exactly what we got. Busy, buzzing atmosphere was great in this BYOB spot. A few pointers:- MUST GET: Butter Chicken- Steer clear: Saag paneer - never has paneer been so salty and saag just like wilted spinach- BYOB: There is an off license just a few doors down on the side street. Basic beer and very basic wine selection.- Tapas = small plates. All of the selections are pretty small. We had the following and were full:Mumbai Burgers (one burger), Samosas, Chutney, pappadom (x2), Kurkure, Sag paneer (again, skip it), raste ke biryani, butter chicken, peshwari naan, garlic naan.
4	Great concept, smart execution, slight yuppie smugness.
5	Great place, absolutely check it out! Delicious food at great value, fun decor and music. Service was a bit slow and it was not that busy, so watch out, but the food is so good it makes up for it.
4	We visited as a large group so they'd set aside a table for us which was grand. We initially decided on individual items to order but then the waitress steered us towards the set menu option which was actually really appealing (if not a little hard to understand). We ended up with a huge selection of dishes and overall I found the food really impressive - fast, fresh and very tasty. This place reminded me a little of Babu Bombay Street Kitchen in Glasgow, although obviously it's a restaurant. On that basis, I was a fan and would definitely head back for more of the delicious curries next time I'm through in Edinburgh!
5	We went to tuk tuk following an evening fringe show and were surprised to see how many people were still there given it was past 10! Sadly the kitchen was closing at 1030 and so we were slightly rushed in going through the extensive menu on which a lot of the dishes were tempting!We ended up getting:- lamb curry with a mint base (patina?) which was the highlight of our dinner, great flavour and really well cooked lamb, good portion for 2 to share along with other dishes- chilli chicken which again was really well flavoured although a little spicy for me- biryani; well-cooked chicken on the bone, and really well flavoured rice- gilafi kebab: I really liked this though my better half didn't. Accompanied with an interesting dip- fish cakes: good flavour, portion for 1 or 2 to share - naans which were perfectly cookedAll in all, a good meal with all the dishes having real authentic flavours. Add to that, the decor is quite unique, making it a real good option for a dinner with friends (not to mention that that would allow you to sample more dishes!) which won't leave too big a hole in your wallet. As you may have noted from my descriptions above, the portions for the curries and biryani are generous and so you might be best of starting with an order of 2 per person (rather than the 3-4 they recommend) and order more later if you need.
4	We loved our dinner here. Super fun decor and feel, not like your in india eating street food, but  rustic and different. Loads of Bollywood posters around. They served the food differently then traditional indian food is served, but it was fun. WE LOVED the food! It was india-modern-hip-street food! I doubt many of the things their served you could actually get as street food in India haha It was more in a fusion gourmet level.  The only bummer was the portion size... its like tapas indian style, which is fine and is fun to get lots of different things , but it was a bit more expensive than we thought it should be for the portion size. Everything was great! Just don't waste your money or calories on the chips.. their just chips.. even though I ordered the masala ones they just came with seasoning... order something else more exciting and yummy! =)We will be back again for a lunch =)
4	had the Briyani tonite - pretty good - food is good and the service is good as well -
