5	A La Mode makes the best cupcakes!  I am vegan and have family members with gluten and dairy intolerance so it is nearly impossible to find something we are all okay to enjoy.  I have loved their vegan cupcakes and ice cream since they are Atomic # 7, and I can not wait for them to have a storefront I can swing by for a yummy treat whenever the mood strikes :-)
5	I got a box of their banana cupcakes. It was certainly a surprise when A La Mode called me on my cellphone. They said I had a special delivery and asked if I was available in the afternoon to receive them. I'm not vegan but I do indulge in vegan food once in a while. Not all vegan dishes and desserts are bland or taste processed. Anyway, the cupcakes were fantastic. They were not dry and were a delight for my tastebuds. I have a couple vegan coworkers and I would highly recommend them to try A La Mode out.
5	I am using A La Mode for my wedding cake. My wedding is more than two months away, and I was so blown away by their cake samples that I felt compelled to write a review now. If you are vegan, you already know it is hard to find cake that is light and flavorful. If you are gluten free, you already know it's hard to find cake that is moist and spongy and not grainy. I don't know what A La Mode is doing (maybe witch craft), but they seem to have solved all of the above! Their samples blew me away. The cake was so moist and even fluffy! The icing selections were all smooth and the flavors not overpowering. The berry compotes were out of this world. You could really taste the natural flavor of the berries (unlike others that are loaded with sugars, syrups, and oils). I was literally licking the box to get all of it out!I seriously do not know why Whole Foods hasn't jumped on this already and started carrying their product because it blows Red Velvet out of the water. I used to think Atlas in NYC had the best baked vegan goods but A La Mode has taken the cake (har har!). And they are considerably more healthy being gluten free AND organic.
1	For the amount i paid for a custom birthday cake, it definitely did not exceed or even meet expectations. I was very disappointed that the quality of the work on the custom cake was poor since previous reviews indicated they did great work.
5	We were married at the Harley Davidson Chopper Chapel, on Sept 1.  My family has some pretty wacky allergies, so I had to find a bakery that could accommodate them AND would deliver.  A La Mode stepped up.  We ordered the vanilla cake with strawberry filling and chocolate frosting.  We specified gluten and dairy free, the top two allergies.  (Truth be told, I have 75 specific allergies and don't know how they would have made a cake with all of mine included).There were 7 of us, and his parents are NOT gluten free fans.  So, this was going to be a challenge.  A La Mode stepped up to the plate flawlessly!!!  The cake was easily something we would have ordered prior to our allergy days.  It was simply awesome.  We ordered the cake that was supposed to feed 8.  After dinner, it could have fed 16.  When it first appeared it looked small, but it is dense and moist.  Not heavy, just spongy...  there was no grainy funky gluten free cake texture.  They delivered on time, and even asked if they could deliver closer to our wedding time so it was the freshest possible product.Would highly recommend!
2	I was surprised at how small the cake was.    But had the cake tasted awesome it would have made up for it.   It was one of the worst cakes I had ever tasted .    Very very disappointing
5	Ginger used to own Atomic #7 which was the happiest place on earth !! A Vegan ( & everything else) Ice cream shop that was pure heaven !! (How we miss it) . This is her Vegan cake online store ... she's an amazing baker/creator .. the best we've ever known &we've tried lotsa vegan eats !!
5	I am writing this review a bit late. I got married August of last year in Las Vegas . I am from California and I was freaking with the idea that I would have to make my own (vegan) cake and transport it (from California) then decorate it along with all of the other wedding "stuff". I was elated when I found A la mode. Everyone I spoke with at A la mode was incredible . They paid attention to every thought and concern. I had some sample cupcakes overnighted to me and they were packaged perfectly and tasted super fresh and delicious. The wedding went off without a hitch, everything was perfect. When I arrived at the reception I saw the cake and it was beautiful. A la mode exceeded my expectations. The cake was delicious and everyone enjoyed it, non- vegans (everyone except me) could not tell the difference and loved it! THANK YOU A LA MODE!!!!
5	I ordered cupcakes from A La Mode for a little party the Canadian and I threw in our suite at the Bellagio. I was a little worried about the hassle because the website notes that our hotel won't accept deliveries from A La Mode for us, but she's a great communicator and the delivery went flawlessly. The cupcakes themselves were delicious and exactly the right size for serving at a gathering like ours. The texture is also great -- I wondered a little bit if a gluten-free baked good without eggs would have the consistency of a sedimentary rock, but that is 100% NOT the case with these! My guests and I agree that the lemon in particular was amazing, but the flavors were all delicious. One of my guests, who is both gluten intolerant and allergic to eggs, practically bounced with joy when I told him ALL of the cupcakes were safe for him.
