1	Rip-off central. They did not know anything about my watch, installed the insert incorrectly and the sold me on a horribly over-priced band made of blue lizard skin. When I brought it in to complain, they arrogantly told me that it was installed correctly and that me I did not know what I was talking about. This was in regards to a watch I had owned for over eight years.Definitely go elsewhere if you're looking to have anything repaired.
4	My father and I always come here to get any of our watches fixed and to put new batteries when they need to be replaced. I honestly haven't had any bad service here. I had a metal band repaired on my delicate watch that was broken off and was missing a tiny rod to link it together. It took them a few days to fix and now it's like brand new all over again.I stopped by today to replace batteries for three of my watches, since I only use them when I need to and it's that "time" again haha get it?!?! :) Eh ok anyways... my comedian days have retired.. back to the review.It took only a few minutes and they put each watch in a plastic zip lock pouch. Each battery replacement cost $10.75, he says it should be replaced every year and a half, but it should be good for up to 5 years. My watches only go as long as just over a year. The service is always prompt and friendly. They are always very helpful with any questions you may have. I'm surprised with the low rating on this place, because I haven't ever received that kind of treatment nor my Father from being loyal customers for many years now.There are times where it can be very busy and other times maybe only two people and yourself... but every time I come in here and wait... there's always someone else that's been a regular of this place for many years too.It's located right on the corner of Valley View and Spring Mtn. Rd., right by Kung Fu Thai and Chinese Restaurant. If you miss the entry to get in... you can go in the alley after it and just go around again. Hope this helps anybody in need of getting their watch repaired or batteries replaced.
4	I have had several watch batteries installed here and I've had some jewelry repairs, the reason for today's visit.  My bracelet needed to be soldered where the ring wants to keep slipping off the lobster claw.  A short wait, a reasonable fee, and I was on my way.I really do like the place and the people.  My only complaint is getting in and out.  It's along the strip side of Chinatown along Spring Mountain Road between Valley View and Wynn Road.  It can be a bit of pain, but I think it's worth it!They'll get my return business!
5	They worked on two of my dive watches and tested them.  The cost was so reasonable compared to most others, including the company that made my watches.  They are friendly and very helpful.  They also repair many old clocks and have a great selection of clocks from Great Grandfather units to mantel.  What a really great find and they are reasonable.  I will be back for all my watch and clock needs.
5	Thanks Vegas yelpers for the reviews!It's about time I found M & I! :)M & I is officially my go to place for all my watch needs. I got my Michael Kors watches sized here and my bf's battery replaced.Great location and I never have to wait. Walk in and walk out with my problems fix!-Miss Yelp 2011
4	I've been here twice, once to get a new crystal and band on on a watch I promptly lost. Today I got my battery replaced on my Victorinox chronograph.  A new battery is $10.75 and depending on how many people are in front of you it's a quick service. So long as I'm in Vegas this will be my watch maintenance place.  I love small businesses, they are friendly and I believe are well priced.  They have a good selection of new watches, clocks, jewelery, batteries, and watch bands.  Oh and apparently they can test if your watch is water proof.    Oh and they are in China town so lotsa good eats around!
2	New batteries for my two Seiko watches was $10.75 each. I figure if I take in two watches for batteries, they would give me a break for length adjustment on my new watch which I bought somewhere else. I was wrong.They charge me $10 for push out two pins out of my band and take out two links.To change battery, you have to use new materials. If I buy a new band there for $12, they have to do the same work and give me a "new band" , and put it in for free.To push two pins out, it takes nothing and no time. They crossed a line on this one with me, I am sorry. It's BS.
5	Based on the previous yelp customer reviews I tried M & I for a battery replacement.   Quick and friendly service, I was in and out in 5 minutes. Cost was only $10.75, much cheaper and quicker than the Galleria Mall watch repair store.  Easy to get to off the I-15 freeway at Spring Mountain.I used another jeweler on Fort Apache for 2 MK watches link removal and felt ripped off.  I will use M & I for future watch repair.
1	If I could make mine a NEGATIVE Star I would. This place is a money grabbing lying stealing business. The clock repair man in the back told me several times my 2 clocks were worth $1500 to $2000 and $3000 to $5000. He told me it would cost about $350 to get them in selling order. I Did not want to pay the money because money is tight, but he reassured me that my clocks were worth it. A month goes by and I get a call that they are done. I go in to pick them up and I ask for a written appraisal so I could sell the clocks. The Store owner laughed at me when I told him the value I was given. He said I should not watch antique road show. I made him go get the old man and bring him out to me. Of course the old man said he would never give anyone a value. He does not do that he only repairs clocks. They are such lairs and they held my clocks hostage until I paid their ridiculous cleaning price. DON'T TAKE OR BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM EVER!!!!! I learned a $600 lesson!
4	I took my watch in and they did a great job of cleaning it up. A full polish on the watch and bezel and the bracelet which was looking terrible. Looks like new coming out. I would use again for all my watch needs!
1	Their Clock repair tech is very rude, I wanted a repair estimate for my bosses clock and the tech accused me of being cheap, I brought the clock mechanism with out the clock case and he flew off the handle saying I was trying to save money and that I tampered with the clock Mechanism. I was told to remove the clock from it's body by the boss and find out what happen. That's what I told the tech, but he wouldn't listen. Don't go to M&I. There are other clock repair people who are a lot more friendly.
1	DO NOT TAKE Rolex here for servicing. Waste of $300. I took my Rolex for servicing because the time would stop and they said I just needed it oiled up and cleaned. Few weeks later same problem. Took it back a second time they said they fixed the problem. BS now my watch will not run and I'm out $300. I emailed them and nothing.. I would have been better off going to Ben Bridge and spending a little more.
5	2 years ago I took my husband's Movado here to get the battery replaced and the clasp fixed as a last minute Christmas gift.  I didn't expect it to be finished before Christmas but they had it back to me in 2 or 3 days, and polished for only $15!  I haven't been there recently but I would think that their level of service and workmanship are still the same.
1	Went for a battery change - not only they charged $35- for a battery ( because there are screws on the back plate) They bend the crown !! Poor service !
5	The best in Vegas. Ira and Margaret are experts and prices are reasonable.
1	Came here for the first time and to be honest I thought the owners were going to be Asian, seeing how we were in Chinatown but no, actually they were Americans. LOL! I know, dumb ass right? haha.Anyways, as always I checked in on Yelp and noticed they offered a 10% off any one-time repair. I showed them the discount and they had no clue what I was showing them or what Yelp was and then they wondered how that offer got posted there. Then, he clicks on the offer  from my phone and redeems the offer but didn't honor it because the offer said it was valid on repairs over $100. Since I only needed to get batteries for 3 watches at $10.75 each, obviously it doesn't amount to the $100. So, the fact that I was a first time customer, showed them an offer on Yelp which they had no clue as to what it was or how it got there, then redeems the offer and gives me nothing,....I definitely will not be coming back. Seriously!!! what's a 10% discount to make customers happy so that they can come back and continue giving you business as oppose to losing customers and getting a bad review.....
1	High priced and the clock repair person was arrogant and rude. Take your $ elsewhere.
4	$20.00 to replace the batteries on two watches. Pretty interesting place to browse while you're waiting for your service. They are very friendly here, and it only took 20 minutes to replace the batteries 2 wrist watches. If you're looking for very interesting and unique gifts to gift your friends and loved ones, you'll find an assortment of premium pens, gold plated to marble pens. These pens don't come cheap either! They'll run you about $70.00 - $200.00 a piece. You'll also find fun assortments of bands for your watches if you are looking to change your watch band, as well as an assortment of watches, from Rolexes to Bulova watches.If that's not enough, you can always gift a nice handmade grandfather clock. They have all sorts there as well. They are fully certified and reliable with other establishments outside of Las Vegas. So, if you're looking to fix your watch and eat a sandwich at the same this is the place to go! lol.
5	I took my Movado to a Well known Jewelery store in the Meadows Mall Cost me $25.00 to replace the battery after which had issues with the band closure. Within a short time under 6 months the watch stopped working again took the watch back to the mall jewelry store they said needs to be sent in to be fixed something was wrong with the watch, it would cost $150 to get repaired. Thought about it then remembered a commercial I had seen on TV for M&I . Decided to have them take a look at the watch. The Battery that was installed by the jewelry store in the mall put in the wrong battery. M & I only charged  $10.75 to fix. I had them look at the clasp which I found out had been bent and needed to be replaced, cost $75 including labor for a total of $85.75 just to put into perspective this is a $1000.00 watch. Had I gone with the jewelry store in the mall I would have been out $175.00 Repaired with original Movado parts. Bottom line If you want the job done right. I would highly recommend M & I Honest work at a Good Price.
5	I found this place after being overcharged a while back at another watch place, to replace a battery. M&I is across town from my house, but I wanted to check it out because I needed a batter for my Bulova and my wife's Bulova. I also needed to have the cracked face fixed.The people were very friendly and the batteries only cost $10 each to fix. While I was there I decided to ask how much it would cost to fix the face. It only cost me about $30 and they got it done very quickly. I was told it would take 15-20 minutes and only waited about 10 for everything. If you need any kind of watch repair, this is the place to go. Nice atmosphere and friendly people.
1	I stopped in today with a brand new SEIKO SBDC007 Shogun (Japanese Domestic Market) to have the bracelet adjusted. I'd lost 2 pins and they charged me $10 a piece for those, which I thought was outrageous, but I can deal with that.What really ticked me off is the fact that I get home and notice a nick in the left lower lug on a brand new titanium watch that was shipped from Japan only 2 days ago!!! It would've been nice of them to let me know that at the store, but then they'd be admitting to being culpable for their negligence.Outrageous prices and incompetent watch repair guys who F'ed up an expensive, rare titanium watch that is no longer produced. Picture attached.
3	A watch repair shop got my batteries replaced about what I expected just nothing special and the customer service was just ok. I would trust them with my watches but they are very pricey
4	I came here to get my watch battery replaced. The actual service was super quick but it took about 15 minutes for someone to come out and assist me when I first walked in. Otherwise, I would have given a full 5 stars. Regular price is $10.75 for a battery replacement but I checked in on yelp and got 10% off... $9.67 total for a new battery. I have paid more at other places so I was very satisfied with this price. The guy that assisted me was nice. He didn't know about the yelp deal and was a little confused but still gave me the discount anyways. I'll be coming here in the future for any battery replacements. The only thing I absolutely did not like was that they didn't give me a receipt. I paid cash and just walked out. Didn't even realize it until after I left. It's not that big of a deal but if anything happens, I'd have no proof that I was even there *shrugs.
5	fast service, highly recommend checking this place out..sat down to play piano tiles and my watch finished in a heartbeat
3	Came here yesterday to get my watch battery replaced. There was only 1 lady working the counter which created a small line of people waiting around to be helped. I handed her my watch and she told me it would be $10.75 to have the battery replaced, so I told her I'd wait for it. When my watch was done, she placed it on the counter to show me and that's about it, not much service here otherwise.Aside from watch and jewelry repair, they also sell grandfather clocks, watches, rings and other jewelry, and fancy fountain pens.  I browsed the store while waiting the 10 min for my battery to be replaced.They would not honor the 10% Yelp Check-in offer and claimed that they did not authorize Yelp to put such an offer online. They also said that Yelp refused to remove the check-in deal from the site, which I highly doubt. They were probably too cheap or lazy to give me the discount which would have amounted to $1 more or less.No frills repair shop here but they got the job done at a reasonable price in my opinion. The lady just didn't seem very pleasant/happy and there was really not customer service that I saw between her and any of the customers. I'm really not sure who would actually come here to purchase watches, jewelry, etc. I'd come back for watch repairs though since they were pretty quick
5	Ira has fixed many of my watches over the years. The whole family works at this small business. The level of service and civility is paramount. Not something you can hire sales clerks for. When I was out of town once and had a battery changed elsewhere my watch didn't work right. I brought it here and it had the wrong battery in it. The level of experience and trust is worth the extra dollar or so because it is done right. I never go anywhere else in Las Vegas.
1	The worst watch repair shop in Las Vegas. Brought my watch here to simply change the battery, took about 5 min and $10.75, but they also left 2 long scratches on the back of my watch. I've never seen any watch repair professional leave scratches on handling such a simple task of changing a battery, very unprofessional. And the worst part was that they pretended nothing happened, and acted like it wasn't their fault. I was shocked.
5	I had to get a really small adustment done on my watch and the lady at the counter took my watch and did it on the spot in a back room. The whole process was five minutes at the most! The price was so cheap it might as well been free.
