4	Other then being the closest ARCO station to my house and the last gas station I see before heading on the I-15 from Saint Rose, they have cheap gas and even better.... a cheaper car wash! When you fill up with an 8 gallon minimum purchase, I believe they discount your car wash by $1. While this may not seem like much, their most basic wash starts at $4. And they have a very long tunnel with an easy left turn to get into which is very helpful if your driving a very long car like a limo.
4	A cloth car wash very fast and easy takes cash but no cards at drive thru.
4	I'm not usually a gas station reviewer,  but the location and convenience of this one called for a special mention.First it's pretty new.  Second, it's one of the last gas stations before you leave Vegas heading south.  The gas is cheap, there is a car wash, and it's across from that large solitary Casino "M" that also houses a "Hash House a Go Go"  Which is pretty good, or at least the one in San Diego is.So on an early start out of Vegas, stop for cheap gas then go get a hearty breakfast from the Hash House.  You can almost make it back to San Diego on both!
4	When it comes to gas stations, this spot is about as good as it gets. It's always nice and clean and unsketchy - no matter the time of day. And all of the staff are friendly and remember their regular customers.The selection of snacks and drinks is above average. The gas is usually on the cheaper end. The car wash is pretty cheap by comparison. It's right off the Strip and 15 - so convenient. It's on the same property as the M Resort. And there's a 24-hour Jack in the Box next door (not my thing, but convenient nonetheless).Sometimes you just wanna go where everyone knows your name - and that's this gas station for me. It's a nice, friendly smile and a "Hello Samantha" in the morning when I stop in for my necessary Red Bull and snacks to make it through the day.
3	Hey, this is a gas station so not much to really review.  However, this place can get so crazy busy I just pull away without waiting to get gas.  Just too crowded to really easily navigate around the pumps.  Not a bad place to get gas when it isn't crowded.  Decent enough automatic car wash.
3	Wow, an AM/PM that doesn't slam you with fees for using a debit card! Nice. This location was clean, well stocked, but also a bit of a pain to get in and out of. Still this was the first AM/PM store I've visited in the entire Vegas valley that I would go back to. (If Quiktrip ever expands out of Phoenix they would wipe the floor with this place, but I'm just dreaming. At least it's better than any Terrible Herbst location!)
1	We' have visited this station more than 50 times.  It's a busy little joint. This week was a poor experience.  Yet it was the only notable one too...   Saturday I visited, fueled, & bought a car wash with the petrol.   The short story, their car wash ripped the driver side  whipper arm off our jeep.  Sergio the empathetic clerk requested I fill in a form & specifically verified my contact info.  No response from the good folks at AM/PM on Sunday.  Maybe they were watching the Broncos game.Today is Monday, I made the trip to visit with the Ast Mgr on duty. Nancy.  She couldn't give two turds in rucksack about the damage or any resulting liabilities.  "There is a sign that sez, We Are Not Responsible For Damages."- said Assistant Dumb-Dumb.  As if she believed wearing such a sign could dismiss the responsibilities of vandalism, theft, rape, or genocide.  Nancy & Sergio, a pair of Dumb-Dumbs at the gas station.
2	EZ and fast but broken button on basic wash so forced  to upgrade and wash cash only no ATM
5	Cheapest gas before state line.  Clean restroom for a quick stock and they also have a variety of snacks and drinks. worth the stop when in the area.
4	A busy location that keeps on top of things.  This AM/PM is well stocked with beverages and snacks of all sorts.  There is a Jack in the Box connected to the lobby. I usually come here every once in a while for gas but I do like their car wash. They recently added a person at the beginning of the car wash to rinse off your car before entering the car wash.  They offer free vacuums to use before or after your wash! Ladies, Thursday's is ladies night!  Spin the wheel for free drinks, car washes and other prizes.
3	This place is pretty conveniently located of I-15 on the way out of Vegas. We figured we would get better gas prices if we got away from the strip a little (though we didn't make any comparisons). They have a carwash, a mini mart and a jack in the box so you can grab some snacks for the road. It got a little busy there and was kind of chaotic getting out of there, but we got everything we needed there. Food & Gas!
5	They have great gas prices! Especially for being the last gas station or the first gas station before heading on to the freeways, before heading in or out of Vegas :)
1	THIS ARCO STATION ROBBED ME!  THE OWNERS ARE THIEVES!I went in this Arco to get gas and told the lady at the front counter which gas pump I was on.  She put the amount to the wrong gas pump and I had my receipt.  I went back in the store and they would not refund my money or add my dollar amount to the pump I was actually on.  I spoke to the manager and he backed his idiot employee!  What kind of customer service is this?  BUYER BEWARE!!!
1	I would have given zero stars if I could. Took my family to this Acro station to fuel up. The attendant took my cash entered the wrong pump number so I found out later. I got my receipt went to pump only to be told I told the cashier the wrong pump. Well I think I know the difference from pump 19 and pump 10. I went to the manager and he sided with his employee and no gas was pumped or no refund was provided. We called the Henderson police and they still wouldn't give a refund or pump gas. The cop said it was a civil matter. They stole my cash even when I had the receipt in my hand. Beware handing over cash to these crooks.  I told the cops if I stole $40 from the register I'd got to jail, so what's the difference? Getting ready to file a complaint through BBB.
2	The good:1. Prices are on the lower side. The prices are typical of other ARCO stations, which is a surprise since this station is the last one out of Vegas.2. This station accepts credit and debit cards with no fee. Most ARCO stations charge a fee.3. Staff is friendly and keeps the place clean.The not so good.1. Can be crowded on Sunday afternoon and evenings when the Californians are leaving town.2. I have seen a number of occasions where 25-50% of the pumps are broken and out of service. 3. I once had the pump not stop and spray gas all over my vehicle and on the ground. Thankfully only got a little on me.4. AM/PM just stopped offering the frequent buyer card for cold drinks (buy five, get one free). The card is only good for hot drinks now. A change like this shows that frequent customers are not appreciated at this station. Instead of buying 2-3 drinks a week here, I will now go to 7/11 or Mavericks were the price is less.
