4	This Starbucks was my go-to when I used to work at Carolina Place Mall. The thing I love about this particular store is that it should be set up for failure. Terrible, awkward layout, super small, no seating, always busy. Still, these guys make it work. Drinks are always quick and delicious. Staff is always ridiculously friendly. When you have baristas who recognized you after not seeing you for about 2 years...you know it's some great service. If you're ever in the mall, don't be afraid. Awkwardly wiggly your way up to the register and give these guys a try. And a tip. They really are awesome.
3	Go back and forth on this location.  MAJOR HASSLE getting in-and-out of 51 in perpetual traffic jam aka Pineville, especially if people get in a rush and don't want to let you in.Clearly town planners of Pineville sold their souls to developers.  Shame on you.  I remember when it was a sleepy little town prior to 485 with Butler Animal Hospital, Mamma Rosa's and the BK Lounge.  Gracious, they could have planned that highway / intersection anyway they wanted.  Would love to pummel the traffic flow planners with ball peen hammer. . .but I digress.  Staff generally pretty nice.  Drive-through ok, not crazy fast but not terrible either.They make a good cup of Joe if you're on that side of town.  Surprised Starbucks moved in after Bagel Place.  It's just a TERRIBLE traffic flow.  Giving it a 3* for the staff and good coffee.  I'd give it -5* for location and lack of ease to obtain same.
4	Clean and courteous location, very small as most mall Starbucks locations are but I like this one best of the two located in the mall as this one is original
4	This Starbucks introduced me to the proverbial 3.00 a cup of delicious coffee. Once in there I realized quickly why people come back.  The coffee is wonderful but so are the  staff.  Always accommodating and offering a greeting and friendly smiles it's evident the baristas like being there as much as I did. Two thumbs up on this small quaint little place of wonderful
