4	I don't know if this is the original Ancora, but it's the first one I ever went to, and I always thought it was the best-tasting coffe in Madison.  I loved the smell of the roasting beans.
5	When you want to level up from Starbucks, here should be your 1st choice in Madison. Ancora's is a wonderful blend of exquisite beans and an extensive variety of choices [but if you want something as bastardized as a Frappucino, you'll need to look elsewhere]. The service is good and the atmosphere is very urban Madison. Sip up and enjoy!
3	Very decent!  Atmosphere is nice, a little cookie-cutter, but pleasant.  Coffee is fair.
5	I am so excited about this cup of coffee I'm reviewing it on my phone in the shop! It's a 'white zombie' which is a slow roasted cafe bianca with almond and vanilla flavoring, suggested by the Barista. Awesome service, great place and most importantly excellent coffee.
3	I ordered a small coffee.  I like that the place is open and inviting. There are lounge chairs and wooden chairs at tables.  There is even an electric or gas fireplace.  It is quite nice. I do no like that if you order a single coffee to sit, they will not give you an in house mug, but ask you to pay an extra .75 cents for an bottomless mug and then proceed to give you your small coffee in a paper mug.  So uncool
5	Friendliest baristas in Madison, good music, good quality coffee. And Chriss make the BEST dry latte!!
4	Right near the State Capitol, it's a good place to walk in and get a good cup of coffee or more!  The quality of the coffee beans is very good and there is a wide variety if you want to take some home.  They also have some good brewing tools if you want to use a french press and have their coffee available in pods.  I got a very affordable filter cone and drank their bold coffee.  The baristas are quite knowledgeable and quite proficient in making various drinks.  The price point seemed a little high and it's not the most convenient place if you're driving.
5	Get the Assam tea...this was drink almost everyday for four years.  This place rocks.
4	Madison's best coffee shop for coffee, bar none.  Superior coffee, where ever your tastes lie.  However, no real food beyond a few breakfast items or pre-wrapped sandwiches.  The wi-fi is free, but you have to get the passcode to use it - kind of a pain, but I get the band width issues and the cost of people free loading.Anytime I am in downtown Madison I will be stopping in - often twice!  Only thing that stops this from getting five stars is the weakness in food options.
5	This was my go-to place for coffee  while visiting Madison. They really know how to make a good cappuccino. I also tried to "White Zombie" with coconut syrup which was pretty delicious. I thought it was unusual enough to buy a pound of the Cafe Bianco to make similar "white coffee" drinks at home with my stovetop espresso.One day I also tried their spinach and egg breakfast sandwich. It us a nice alternative to eating horrible hotel/conference food every day when you want something reasonably healthy.
5	BEST COFFEE EVERLove this place.Actually maybe a bit better than my other review of Victor Allen's...but I like their cafe a bit better. Get the Ancora D'Oro for home, and the White Zombie for right now. (Almond flavor is my favorite) Or the mocha, which is heavenly. Seriously, the best mocha I've ever had. EVEREVEREVER. The chocolate has some weight, but blends perfectly to be a grown-up version of chocolate milk you had as a kid. The White Zombie is a strange and beautiful thing. A "white coffee" drink, it's light and powerful, you will feel like a high-powered cloud ghost zooming around after drinking this. They tried to change the name to White Lightning, but no one wants to feel a crackling electric jolt. Don't worry, the zombie will carry you through the day like a white flotaki magic carpet, smooth, airy and sensuous.
4	One of the best cappuccinos I've had in a long time. The atmosphere is a bit plain, but the workers are nice and the coffee is definitely worthwhile.
4	Mmmmmmmm coooooooofffffe. So these guys have great things going for them:1. Ample space. 2. Stupid friendly baristas. 3. Incredibly priced java and tea.4. A menu that makes me indecisive (so many choices).5. A good locations downtown yet off the beaten path. And then there's a few things that don't jive with me:1. Internet situation. Two hour coded time limits. 2. Pasty. But you know what, I just won't order pastry and hope it's going to be the best thing I put in my mouth and I'll deal with the fact that after two hours, I'm going to have to go back up to the register and get another little code thingy. The bottomless cup of coffee is way worth it to me. As are the tea options, the chillers, the mocha, the tables, the windows, the... the...
3	Decent coffee. If you need a place to be a regular Ancora is definitely not going to disappoint you. They are good people and the atmosphere follows suit.
4	Right off the square, and right where you want to be, is Ancora coffee.In such a charming area of Madison, full of historic architecture and fabulous local specialty shopping, you can fill your mug with the best (coffee) brews in town.  My coffee is always divine.  I'm kind of a purist, so no mocha-vanilla-sugar-cinnamon-whateverthehell coffee for me.  They offer several brews of coffee when you order a cup.  Their dark roast is wonderful and rich.  Def a fan.I wouldn't go for regular food.  My sammie was a bit heavy on mayo.  Like, woah.  But it's a coffee shop, so I'll let that one slide.  Lots of room to work, wee! So bring your lappy toppy (2 hr. limit, tho).  Ask someone up by the register for a wi-fi code.
5	Ancora has long been one of my favorite coffee shops. The coffee is wonderful, the people are friendly and the atmosphere has just gotten even better. If you are looking for a cozy fireplace to curl up with a good book and a steaming cup of java or tea, this place cannot be beat. Complimentary Wi-Fi and excellent location round things out nicely.
4	Overview:  Prior to a change in ownership things were hit or miss. Now Ancora is consistent, tasty, and efficient.Hits: Redesigned  space, quick service, and reliable  flavors. Misses: switch from belly to level up - but that is my own issue. (All the points friends of mine and I  earned  became irrelevant. As a contrast,  Barique's at least allowed a transition from punch cards.)Hints: Bakery discounts late afternoon. Get a cheese croissant. Your mouth will thank you even if your waistline doesn't.  Bottom-line: Go visit - it is locally owned.. Allegedly Madison cares about that, despite the city's new found loyalty to a tasty Mars Corp. cafe on the square.
5	I am from out of town attending a conference. My search was on to find a mocha that would rival my Peets fix (I am from San Francisco.) The mocha I enjoyed at Anacora does rival Peets!! It had a wonderful deep rich flavor. I also enjoyed the interior of the coffee shop with all the woodwork, and artwork. Love this place. It will be my new hangout when I come again.
5	LOVE! But, now that I have had the full delisciousness of a white zombie, I will never look at a boring old cup of joe the same. I am in love, and this long distance relationship may kill me :( Needless to say, get the white zombie. Try iced, skim, SF almond, light ice..... AMAZING
2	The only reason I go to Ancora now is because nobody is ever there.My reasons for dropping them two stars? -The cold brew is a crap shoot. Sometimes it's tolerable, the other day it was wretched. I'm convinced the ice they use is made of frozen tears. Tears shed when Alterra/Collectivo took up residency. -The pastry is dry, tasteless and probably well past its "use by" date. I had a s'mores cupcake two days ago that I nearly spit out. It was hard as a rock. -The interior is dark and just plain uninspiring. YOU'RE A CAFE! Turn the lights on and create some atmosphere. And still, I can deal with all of that. But what irks me most... the unhappy employees that not once in the three times I've been there this month have said hello. I get it, your days are numbered. But if you're that miserable start filling out applications and move on. The only hope this place has at success is with its people, and right now they're just as dark as the interior and bitter as the cold brew.
4	This was a sweet little spot for great organic coffee.
5	I will have dreams about their gruyere/ham & gruyere croissants: flaky, savory, to die for. I had the pumpkin chai zombie, which I think is seasonal, so get it while you can in the fall. Their iced tea is also to die for. Nice that a locally-owned business has such high-quality food and beverages; I'd so much rather go here than to a chain. I live in Milwaukee, but will find an excuse to go here whenever I'm in Madison.
4	Updated.I appreciate the thoughtful and generous response from the owner, Tori, and am pulling up my rating. The point of reviews is to give potential customers a heads up and to help business owners improve their offer.If I am in Madison again, I will stop back by to see if they have changed up the milk to espresso ratio, but am basing my new rating on this being a business worth supporting.--Hint, a giant bowl of warm milk with a little espresso hiding in it is not a cappuccino.I could have spoken up, and almost did, but when I handed the barista the giant mug and she saw only two sips gone, and doesn't ask about it, even though I can see her wondering, I give up.This is supposed to be a coffee shop, it really only has one job, and I shouldn't have a problem with one of the most ordered coffee beverages in the galaxy.That is why it gets two stars despite my only visiting once.It does have a nice fireplace.
4	My friend and I were looking for a place to do work, but all of the coffee shops on the Capitol square were filled. Fortunately, Ancora is a little ways off of the main square, so even on the Saturday morning of Winter Fest, there were still plenty of tables (and outlets) available.I'd only ever had Ancora coffee at the Madison airport, so I was excited to find that they had an actual storefront in Madison as well. The decor is very homey and centered around a fireplace, which definitely made studying on a Saturday a lot more enjoyable. There is a 6 hour limit on the wifi, which is an interesting concept (why not offer unlimited internet?), but, I, personally, would never require more than 4 hours tops of internet at a cafe (I just can't sit still for that long), so it doesn't really bother me. The chai is a little too foamy for my liking, but otherwise it tastes fine. My friend got the house coffee and seemed to really enjoy it (he's not a huge coffee drinker, I don't think, but he had two cups of Ancora coffee during our three-hour work-session there). I think I'll  be sticking with the regular coffees next time!
5	Delicious! You can't go wrong with their salted carmel latte :) Not to mention, the atmosphere is relaxing, the baristas are very welcoming, and the assortment of grilled cheeses are to die for!
5	Best coffee shop in Madison by far!Always impressed with the locally roasted coffee selections and the tasty seasonal drinks.Ancora has drinks for the coffee snobs and the "Grande Iced Caramel Machiatto" folks;)Stop in, find something you like and support a local company that has been around for 15 plus years.
5	Been coming here since they first opened (the roaster was located where the fireplace is now). The bottomless coffee is a great deal and the staff is always welcoming. Yes, Colectivo has siphoned off some customers but I won't be one of them.
5	The fireplace and comfy seating make this a cozy spot to enjoy a cup of coffee. The dark roast I has was strong and I enjoyed it black alongside the Nutella-banana sandwich as an afternoon pick-me-up during a conference break. Would definitely come back.
5	I give this place a 10 out of 5 stars!  Seriously, I cannot tell you how much I love their coffee.  I am officially a coffee snob after loving their coffee for so long.  I always have their beans at home to enjoy and stop by when I can for a specialty drink (hello, White Zombie!).  The employees are wonderful and attentive and consistent!  Now that my husband and I have moved away from Madison (sadly) we appreciate and miss their coffee even more.  We stock up on beans every time we're in town.  We cannot find any other coffee shop or roasters who even come close to comparison.  Truly.  Madison, you have no idea how lucky you are to have Ancora!  :)
5	great coffee, pleasant atmosphere... worth a visit for both locals and tourists...the coffee was brewed just right... a bastion of happy caffeine.... was traveling and met local friends here for coffee --- was very pleasant...
4	I have to give a shout out to Tori who wrote me such a thorough response to my last reviews. Business Owners... DO THIS! It's so lovely to see someone clear up confusion, offer an explanation and demonstrate they value feedback! I have been to Ancora a few times since that dreadful experience last fall, and I have to tell ya, I've noticed marked improvement. It's brighter, the staff is friendlier, but the internet situation remains a mess. It's a little too touch and go for me, considering when I post up somewhere I have hours of work ahead of me. Man, if they could get an easier more reliable setup going, I'd frequent the place more!
5	This is the best coffee shop in Madison! The coconut chai is awesome and so is the pesto turkey sandwich. Great atmosphere and employees are always friendly and hospitable.
5	The staff were all very knowledgeable of the different brews and the roasts they have to offer. They were all super friendly as well! My friend loooooved the white zombie. She dreamt about it over and over again after we left Madison. I got the cold brew which was amazing! I ended up buying 2 bag of beans to go.
4	Best espresso on the upper west side. Good pastries including doughnut plant donuts. Professional staff and awesome barristers. Love the Coronado.
3	Pretty normal place. Kind of expensive, but good music (DCFC, Spoon) so far. The chai latte is also fairly normal.
