2	I was on a quest to find macarons that were excellent. I did not find that here. Although the boutique was nice and had attractive retail items, the macarons could have been better. The first thing I noticed was the really bright colors of the macarons. Perhaps it is because I am not one for food color or am a stickler for perfection. The macarons were stored in a refrigerated case in a glass cup, piled on top of one another. And, the sizes of the tops and bottoms did not match- there were large tops with small lopsided bottoms. Not the ideal look for a macaron. Despite their appearance and thin selection, I had to try them. The raspberry with caramel filling was actually very good. There was also a mint chocolate chip, pistachio, and black & white with chocolate filling that tasted "ok". Nothing spectacular, but not terrible either. I would try other places before returning here.
3	Lately I've been on a macaron kick ( not to be confused with macaroons), these pastel colored, light,  sandwich cookies are a personal favorite.  The macaron were okay, my favorites were the olive oil and the strawberry, but the fillings were only okayWhat I was really impressed with here were the canelles  carmelized crust and eggy custardy goodness in the middle.  Overall I'd give the macaron 3 stars, the canelle 4 stars, and the prices 3 stars giving them a 3.3.  The service and the cool housewares in the boutique added to the experience, but I was really hoping for something better with the macaron
4	I really like the box lunches here, try to go twice a month.  There are multiple Europea establishments, this one in particular is on Rue Notre-Dame, and is open for lunch, where they server box lunches.  And the other is on Beaver Hall for dinner and more upscale dining. A box lunch here includes a sandwich, dessert or salad and a drink, aux choix.  I typically take the beef and pesto sandwich, a pesto orzo and olive salad, and a peligrino.  The sandwiches are high class sandwiches on good bread with top choice ingredients.  Once you select a sandwich, it is grilled panini style.  They put it all in a fancy reusable canvas bag and after tax it's about $12.  Add a dessert and you are at about $15.  The desserts are out of this world, from individually sized key lime pies and maple syrup/walnut pies, to macarons.  Another plus is the loyalty program, after 10 stamps on a Europea card you get a free box lunch.  They also have vegetarian options, like portobello mushroom or smoked salmon sandwiches.bon appetit indeed!
4	Delicious sandwiches! For just $10.99 + tax you get a choice of sandwich, drink, and either a dessert or a salad.  I ordered the chicken, cilantro, pesto, and brie sandwich, and got the chocolate profiterole.  The sandwich was absolutely delicious. I'd never thought to put cilantro on a sandwich and it gave it such a great kick.  The bread was super yummy (living in America, I really miss excellent bread).  The profiterole was yummy, rich but not overly sweet - great for chocoholics :)
5	This is a great place to get lunch and the prices aren't bad at all considering the quality of the product you get.  The cheapest option ($10.99) is to get the sandwich, choice of salad or dessert and a drink.  You will thoroughly enjoy your meal and it is miles above the usual food court fare most people usually eat for lunch.
