5	I have hunted around for the best deal and found Discount tires are honest about their pricing and what is tacked onto it right up front. I don't have to guess what else needs to be included with my new tires. Even when it's extremely busy there is always someone happily ready to help you out. I have never been disappointed with the customer service in any of their stores.
5	They make appointments and its always been on time with very quick installation.  The prices were comparable to the Sams and Costco.  On another visit, they were fixing my flat, damaged the tire getting it off the rim, and gave me another brand new tire for free - no questions asked.
2	I usually have excellent service at this location, so maybe this was an off day.  I dropped my car off and asked how long for a tire rotation.  They said 45-60mins max.  After 60 mins of waiting, my car still hadn't been moved or worked on.  I couldn't wait any longer, especially since service hadn't begun yet, so I asked for my keys.  The manager was very apologetic and sincere and asked me to wait a little longer, but I had an appointment to get to...so off I went  Service could have been better if they kept me informed of the delay, I'm pretty understandable, but there was no communication.  I will still try them again.
5	The staff here is SUPER friendly and very helpful. I couldn't ask for a better experience in a situation I didn't really want to be in (spending money on tires).
4	Great spot for tires.. The waits are long always busy week days and weekends everytime i drive by but definitely worth it..I love the fact they price match ..Keep that in mind when shopping around... They also have the best selection of tires around at some the lowest prices.. My go to place for tires.
5	They fixed our flat tire free of charge and very quickly, even though we have never bought tires from them before.  Very friendly service and put our spare and tire back together very nicely.  Will definitely be going back when we need new tires!  Keep up the good work!
5	Top notch service; best pricing - a properly run business.  Highly recommend making an appointment, as they can get busy real fast.They seem to do their research in terms of being the best available price,  and still have the price match.They inspect with you present and ask you to come look at anomalies found after the start of work - very good habit for a vehicle maintenance chain.Right between the 7 Eleven and the Wendy's, Chandler and 48th.
1	I had such a bad experience I feel compelled to share. I felt like they totally took advantage of me, being a young woman. I had a tire that went flat yesterday and wasn't familiar with the area. My boyfriend came over in his lunch and we went to this Discount tire. The tech said they couldn't even look at for 45 minutes! So we had to leave the tire and went back to work. After I got back, 10 minutes later they called and told me the tire was I fixable because I drove on it with low tire pressure and tried to upsell me right on the phone! When I came after work, they tried to sell me the most expensive tires, got annoyed when I wanted cheaper options. Then they didn't even give me my brand new doughnut back! I called this morning when I realized and it wasn't there. I will never go back.
5	Great guys that are super friendly and fast. Joe helped me and was explaining my special circumstances with my flat tire. I have and always will use discount tire you can't beat the warranty they offer it has saved me on so many occasions. Even better they got me in and out faster than ever knowing I had to be back to work. Always good to know they are in the neighborhood.
4	I was generally very satisfied with my experience at Discount Tire in Ahwatukee. Though, truth be told, I wasn't planning on getting tires here. After researching tires and prices for a few days, until I was bleary-eyed, I actually had chosen the nearby Sam's Club (online) for my tires. However, one of my worn tires was losing so much air that I was filling it up every day, and after a few days of that, it was getting very old, very fast. So I now I needed new tires, and I suddenly wanted them much sooner rather than later. But to get the tires I had just picked out, Sam's Club requires that you order the tires, and then have them shipped to the store 3-5 business days later. But I needed tires NOW! I didn't really want to spend the next week putting air in one of my old tires. So, as fate would have it, I ended up requesting a price match with Discount Tire through their website. And less than an hour later I received a phone call from one of the salespeople at the Ahwatukee location beating both the price of Sam's Club on 4 tires, as well as the installation (mounting/balancing) price of Sam's Club. And they can install the tires today, RIGHT NOW, not next week! Pretty impressive. So I verbally agreed to a price, "out the door."  Though once I got there, the salesperson stated the price quote over the phone did not include sales tax (an additional $41), which makes a little bit of a difference on the final, "out the door" price, if you ask me. I'd be very careful about quoting people exact prices, and leaving out the ($41) sales tax from the "out the door" quote, as that could be construed as being deceptive.  Nevertheless, I was still saving $60 with the price match, and the tires would be on my car shortly, so I wasn't complaining. But I could imagine others not being too happy with the sales tax not being mentioned in the price tag "out the door." Now I do like the fact that Discount Tires offers a free rotation/inspection at 6k-8k miles, but I was a little surprised that there was absolutely no mention on what to expect from tires until they're properly "broken in." (It doesn't cost anything to tell customers who just handed you enough cash to finance a small army how to best drive your car immediately after buying new tires - as in you're not going to be able to take corners or stop as you otherwise would with broken-in tires.)  I'd expect that lack of communication from Wal-Mart, but this place, on the other hand, is a national chain tire store! Anyway, I was told it would take 40 minutes, so I whipped out my laptap, only to discover there's no Wi-Fi, and that meant that I actually had to work while I was there; rather than mindlessly cruise the Yelp website (which I wanted to take a picture of me doing) while I was at Discount Tire! Though, my working experience there was very short-lived because my car was done in less than 20 minutes, with some pretty nice tires at a great price, and in a very timely fashion. Thank you, Discount Tire!
1	Go here if you like fear-based selling. They have adopted all the NRMA recommendations as rules. My car could not be mechanically aligned, meaning it was defective tire. But we didn't know which one it was. So we guessed and they replaced that tire. But at the same time moved it to the rear, thus confounding the ability to distinguish whether they replaced the right tire. So I asked them to retrieve the old tire and move the tires to their original positions so we could tell whether we had replaced the defective tire. They refused citing their "rules" didn't allow them to do that. I could not believe they didn't understand why I didn't want to drive a car that might have a defective tire. Their solution was to replace the other front tire at no charge. An effective solution but really... I don't do business with this store because this isn't the first time something like this has happened. The only reason i went this time is because i bought the defectives tire there.
1	Came here last Friday for a routine rotate and balance.  I was greeted quickly, very courteous customer service, and payed my 40 bucks.  So far so good and a third of the price of the dealer.  They called me at home in less then an hour to pick up my car.  I was given my keys very quickly and thanked.  Boy, what quick and efficient service.  I then inspected the car.  They never rotated the right side tires!! After initially denying that they forgot to rotate the tires, they changed their tune and quickly took the car back in and rotated them.  Whats the point of going to discount tires if I don't have piece of mind that the work was done correctly the first time??  Do I really have to inspect the car after a simple, routine service?  What if my wife had dropped the car off, she would not have realized the car was not serviced correctly.  Finally, I had asked that all the tire pressures be set to 36 PSI.  The tire pressures ended up being 36, 39, 38, 37.  Sound trivial but these are very very expensive 20 inch run flats, so routine maintenance is very important.
