4	Very cool, very casual little new restaurant on Wilson street. I popped in here with a couple of friends on a terribly blustery and snowy day for November to grab some lunch and warm up. And it really did the trick. Three of us snagged a nice little bottle of red wine with some tasty little prosciutto flatbread sandwiches and a bucatini (hollow spaghetti) dish. All in all the lunch was super light and simple which was great considering all the fried food I had been stuffing my face with while in Madison. We topped it all of with some really delicious deserts, the pumpkin dish (whose name escapes me right now) was pretty unbelievable. My only complaint is that they seem to have a few growing pains to work out like offering us wine they ran out of and giving us our check too soon, but all in all a pretty cool Italian restaurant.
4	I love coming here and finding out that the menu has changed (always in a good way). It's kind of hidden and looks like it might be closed so you can almost always get a good table. The bread basket is one of the best in town too. The portions are a little smaller than most Italian restaurants, but that means you can try more dishes. Go here during farmer's market season for Saturday lunch. The paninis are awesome.
5	This place is perhaps the best restaurant for its price in Madison.  I love coming here for lunch, the prices are very reasonable and everything is always really, really good.  For Dinner, this place is great for a party or just for a date.  The portions are light, but the price reflects this.  The smaller portions make sharing fun and it is always fun to check out the daily specials (usually there are at least 5)  One of the reasons their specials are always changing is because they buy fresh produce from local farms like Harmony Valley and local organic meat producers.The Chef, Francesco has come by my table on multiple occasions to offer daily specials and make sure everything is up my standards (which are high)  I hear he is from Italy, which makes sense because the food is so good.  I love their home-made bread!
1	We had Antipasto Misto di Verdure (3 appetizers), Spaghetti Cozze e Vongole (seafood pasta) and some duck ravioli special.  The appetizers were unique: some swiss chard flan, garlic veggie, and bacon-wrapped grilled pepper and eggplant. They charge $3 for meager amount of bread: 3 pieces of cold bread + 1 fried and over-salted flat bread. All food was extremely salty and oily, including the bread.The entrees could have been better if they cut the oil and salt down to 1/3. The portions are small, and I feel that in terms of price per unit weight, it probably rivals the expensiveness of Magnus next door.  The duck ravioli was $17 with 5 raviolis in it. My advice: order the appetizer special to go and eat it with bread from copps while watching a movie at home.
3	I agree with greenjjm about the amount of salt in the dish - all the dishes, including bread served in a basket, were overly salted.However, there are some positives.* Service - I'd give 4 or 5 stars. I was in a party of 4 sitting outside for dinner. The waitress for our table was very very very nice, charming, and pleasant. Other staffs also helped setting pates on the table (the table was bit small to accommodate all plates) and  were attentive throughout the night. * Inventive dishes - they're at least trying, and i love the creative combination of flavors and ingredients. I enjoyed the chard & broccoli mouse, roasted radiccio with bacon, and octopus inked linguini. The pasta didn't taste too fresh (nor was it cooked al dente), and I do wish that they cut back on oil and salt so that we can taste the ingredients little better. No one wants to eat "salt flavored" dish. Given the fact that the best thing out of the dinner was the accompanying fig preserve on the cheese plate, I can't give more than 3 stars.
5	Far and away the best Italian in Madison, and among the best restaurants period.  Authentic but creative Bolognese-inspired cuisine.This place is so good it would thrive in Bologna -- so it's a real treat to have here.The only chronic issue is that service can be slow when they're busy.
5	By far the best Italian food I've eaten in Madison.  (The consensus seems to be that Lombardino's is in the same league, but I like Papavero's food better, and it's a much nicer room.)  Short menu, but everything's prepared with great care and thoughtfulness; simple rustic  dishes, like papardelle bologhnese, really shine here.  Friendly, graceful service and a small cluster of outside tables (though the view is of traffic and the state office building across the street.)  The small menu can create a challenge for vegetarians, but in my experience the chef has been very open to special requests.  The very expensive L'Etoile aside, this is my favorite downtown restaurant.
4	Left a couple of things to be desired, but ultimately well worth the price. For about $30 / person we walked away pleased. The lighting is a bit too dim, and it would be nice to enjoy the food visually as well as gastronomically, since the presentation is quite nice. The service was good without being obtrusive. One nice thing about menu is that it changes regularly, with about five nightly specials featuring a variety of appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Sadly, they did not post a current menu on their website so I did not get to try a dish I was looking forward to. It would also be nice if they posted the specials, which might even entice people to visit more often. We ordered two appetizers, two entrees and a dessert; of these, one entree and the dessert was off the menu, and the rest were all specials. I have been to places where the specials were not as well executed as the menu items, this is not the case here. Appetizers: 1. Beef Carpaccio with various marinated vegetables and shaved grana cheese. The beef was sliced a little too thick for a carpaccio, resulting in it being a bit hard to chew. However, the flavor was good and went well with the veggies and cheese.2. Concord grape salad with walnuts, grana, bacon, greens. Very tasty grapes were the highlight of this dish. It seemed strangely off, however, the bacon was good (of course) but was somewhat unnecessary. The salad would have been just as good without the bacon, and the dressing for the greens was very faint. Entrees:1. Tagliatelle tossed with wild Texan boar. The sauce was good and the abundance of cheese was good. The boar was dry, too lean, and had a lot of alcohol flavor.2. Squid ink risotto with scallops, mahi, tomatoes. Best $13 ever spent, or very nearly so. The dish had a pungent aroma from the squid ink, but was not pungent in flavor. The risotto was done perfectly. Dessert:Plum brown sugar cake with raspberry sorbet. Great cake, nice fruit compote on top with very tasty plums. Very intense raspberry sorbet, almost like pomegranate in flavor.
5	The little smoky-sweet roasted peppers stuffed with murcia sausage and grilled raisins, currently part of the vegetable antipasto, are probably the best thing I've ever eaten here, and one of the best appetizers anywhere in Madison; don't miss them.  And the fettucine with black truffle oil, part of the "truffle three ways" appetizer, is nearly as good.The spiced califlower in the vegetable antipasto, though, is kind of a mess -- the cumin is applied with a heavy hand and dominates the taste of the vegetable.
4	I ate here about a month ago but never got around to yelping, so it's a little hazy.Went here on a Monday night with a roommate.  Immediately as you walk in, it's dark and quiet.  I felt like I had to use my "indoor voice" at the library.   There's a coat rack and then curtains before you walk in to create an entrance that I didn't appreciate because it's small and I like to see a place I've never been in fully at first glance.  The place is dimly lit for romance or for the slow lane. We were seated and told the specials and given detailed descriptions of whatever we had questions about.  The waitress was knowledgeable and attentive.  We ordered a mussel round noodle soup dish for the appetizer to share, some wine and then boar with pasta and pork belly special.  The mussel dish was delicious.  The mussels were tiny but flavorful and the noodles just right.  The boar was good but it was a bit dry, however, that might just be how boar is.  The noodles were also a little dry but flavorful The pork belly was excellent.  Mmm.... it was a huge slab of bacon goodness.  I loved this a lot.  The bread they had were tasty as well, but the olive oil could have a been a grade better.  1 appetizer, 2 main dishes, and 1/3 or 1/2 bottle of wine cost us $70.  It is definitely not a cheap restaurant, but it's definitely memorable.
5	I can only review in regards to lunch but it's the best lunch I've had in Madison. My boyfriend lives above this restaurant so we make it for lunch pretty regularly. I always get one of the sandwiches because I just love the bread  -the way its perfectly toasted, and how the flavors of whatever I decide on compliment each other. They always have some new things and I always end up completely satisfied. I've had the same waitress every time and she's great -very personable and attentive without being obtrusive.Last time I was there we had desert and the chocolate cake with pears  and huckleberry ice cream was incredible. It was a very rich chocolate  so the fruit was an excellent addition. The ice cream just by itself was awesome and unexpected.
5	All I can say is YUMMMMMMMM! In fact, the only negative thing I can say is that EVERYTHING on the menu and all the specials sounded amazing so it was super hard to choose.   From the atmosphere to the service to the food... all great!Really, why go to fantastic restaurants in town if you're not going to go all out... and we did. Don't skip a course cause you'll be doing yourself an injustice! I could go on and on about the entire meal. Just when you thought you'd eaten the best thing of the night the next dish came out and proved to be even more delicious. To highlight a few, the Caprese Salad had the best sun dried tomatoes I've ever had. No seriously, there are not words to describe their awesomeness! And the desert. OH - MY - GOD! You know that part in "When Harry Met Sally", with Meg Ryan in the diner... you know the scene.... Well, that was me with each mind blowing bite of chocolaty perfection. Easily the best desert in Madison, and sadly I don't even know the name of it cause my husband ordered it for me as a birthday surprise. Trust me, cake is old news, this fudgy, whip creamy, cherry delight is truly orgasmic.
2	I picked this place based on the 4/5 star rating and it was only OK.  A bit pricey for what I got and the menu is very small. I was really hoping for a nice fish dish but everything on the menu including the specials were pretty eclectic especially given the rustic ambiance so I took the safe route and got the beef special. Will probably be starving by breakfast. The flavors were good but the food was highly over rated.
5	One of the most inspired menus in Madison.  I will be back and can't wait.
5	This place is my go-to whenever a friend comes in town. The atmosphere is great and the food is unbeatable. The menu changes quite frequently and it's never been a disappointment.
2	I found this place while on vacation in Wisconsin and it's looked very good at first. We walked in and while we waited for our table...had a glass of wine. The bartender was actually very nice and knowledgable about the different types of wine they had. The food looked amazing as we sat there and watched it come out. Our waitress is the sole reason for the two stars. The special was this ravioli dish in a brown butter sauce. The waitress brings it out the dish and it had been completely changed. It was watered down and they added peas.... I do not like peas. The waitress didn't seem to care. She rarely checked in on us and didn't really care to bring us anything while we waited another 30 minutes for one damn dish. The food is mediocre and the service sucked. The water girl helped us more than our own waitress. We sat for almost 30 minutes for our bread basket even came out and they really weren't that busy. I would recommend this place only if you have alot of time to waste.
5	My favorite restaurant in town. The ambience is fantastic - relaxing dim lights to prep you to enjoy a wonderful time.The food, I am amazed and satisfied ALL the time!!! I love the bread baskets, you cannot get tastier bread anywhere else! The fried bread! its SO amazing!!!!! And all the other breads, no, don't even think about butter, olive oil or balsamic vinegar, its so satisfying on its own!There are 5 to 6 daily specials, different ones for lunch and dinner. And they make such amazing dishes with the freshest ingredients! I definitely love the pastas, and I haven't been disappointed all the countless times I've visited.I love their themed dinners! The valenswine dinner was awesome - 5 courses with wine pairings for only $55. It was definitely more than I expected.The desserts! are wonderful. One of my favorite places in Madison for desserts!The only things to note is that there is only street parking, and that it probably isn't the best place to fit group dinners of more than 4 people. For a reasonably priced and out of the world experience, you have to visit Ostera papavero!!
4	Fabulous time here last night. Terrific dirty martini, but some of the off-the-beaten-path drinks were not as delicious--unless you are ready for adventure. Their antipasto appetizer featuring meats cured by the chef, Francisca(o?) were out of this world. Best I've ever eaten in Madison. All the bread was terrific, but the crunchy, slightly charred grilled bread was fantastic as was the salty, warm and thin fried bread. The deliciously light butterscotch pudding (I didn't note the formal name) was almost worth its $7 price tag. What's keeping this review from five stars is the furnishings. I don't care for the tables and chairs and the lack of fabric made the place sound hollow. I want something more rustic and comfortable than library tables and straight back chairs, but the food made it worth it. Nice location, lovely outdoor seating. Just burn those tables and the uncomfortable chairs! Since the place is so small, I'd rather be able to hang about a bit. Also, paper napkins? This food deserves cloth napkins.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by a recent and first visit to Osteria Papavero.  Upon arrival on a Monday evening around 6 PM I was a little concerned that we were the only patrons.  Further, the interior is very casual, dare I say "Ikea-esque" but perfectly comfortable.  Upon being seated we were handed a pretty light menu with few options.  The chalk board at the north end of the dinning room helped our waitress explain a few of the available specials that night.  What was offered included fresh seafood such as Octopus along with Halibut and a beef dish a friend ordered.  I don't remember all the details but what I do remember is that the food was excellent, fresh, creative, and unique.  In fact, it was the first time I'd been served an entire whole octopus though I've ordered octopus many a time.  This is going to be a short review cuz I just want to get it in but rest assured, this is about as close as you're going to get to European style dinning in the Midwest.  There are certainly more upscale Italian restaurants and there are certainly more traditional Italian restaurants but Papavero gives you a real feel for freshly prepared, creative food.  I truly enjoyed my meal there.
4	Went to Osteria Papaver last evening with some clients while in Madison at a conference. Called ahead to find out they don't take reservations, but the woman offered to put our name in and have a table ready. Which is was, when we arrived, all set up and ready for us.The food was wonderful!!  Not a huge menu selection, but everything we ordered was excellent, and our waitress also was able to select wines by the glass for several of us based upon some basic descriptions.I will absolutely visit this wonderfull charming restaurant again next time I'm in Madison, and  highly recommend it.
5	After a couple of meals here, this restaurant became our favorite in town. Don't come here looking for spaghetti and meatballs. Papavero's ever changing menu is full of inventive, home-style Italian food. House-cured meats and house-made foie gras, amazing seafood dishes (including several preparations of octopus that are the best I've had) and a great accessible wine list. Focus on the specials, which are plentiful. The servers are knowledgeable and always do a great job recommending a wine to go with your meal. Like the rest of the menu, Papavero's desserts are inventive and amazing. The budino (butterscotch pudding) will change the way you think about pudding and butterscotch.  Finally, bar manager, Kevin, has put together the finest restaurant bar in town. His house made spirits include fantastic limoncello and nocino, and his cocktails are out of this world. I could go on and on, but really, I just can't recommend this restaurant highly enough.  With the leisurely pacing and cozy, casual atmosphere, you'll feel like you're enjoying a elaborate, home-cooked meal in Northern Italy.
5	Delicious and unique menu, attentive service, cozy ambiance, great wine. Fantastic all around.
5	My favorite place these days. It really blows a lot of the downtown places in this price range out of the water. Fresh, inventive. My favorite things are the seafood and vege plates that change every day. I had the best octopus I have ever had on one of these plates. Very nice wine list as well. My husband is in love with the butterscotch pudding. The service is friendly, helpful and unobtrusive. This place is just plain great without the hype or pretension.
3	This place has great food for what you get...  My portion was very small. We sat outside and the service was really poor. It appeared as though they only had 2 waitresses for the whole place that day.
5	Great food. Excellent service. Lovely ambience. I was on a visit to Madison and chanced upon this place. The wine selection was good. The waitress was very attentive and made sure she answered all our questions. When I requested for a vegetarian pasta, they had one custom made - and it was delicious. The tortellini my friend ordered absolutely melted in our mouths. The desserts were good -- the selection is not huge, but whatever we ordered tasted great. Will definitely go back!
1	Whoever runs this kitchen does not have concern or interest in their customer base. Instead, they have interest in their own ego. Service was okay, but portions were so incredibly small and overpriced; when we mentioned that we thought the food tasted good, but that the portions  were small, the waitress said that it was not her fault. My question is: do you really care what your customers think?My suggestion is -- GO TO LOMBARDINOS. They know that they are doing and their main courses are less expensive.
4	Best Italian I had in a long time. Knowledgable plesent staff, informal atmosphere, good chef and decent wine selection.
2	Insultingly small portions for the price. I have no problem with limiting portion size and focusing on detail (in fact, I prefer it to the ridiculously oversized portions that most restaurants pile in front of you), but this went far beyond a point of ridiculousness - I felt like I was eating at the snooty restaurant archetype found only in comedy films. I was served 6-8 ounces of a very light and simple pasta and paid at least $20 for the privilege. It didn't even contain any meat. I easily could have taken my money across the street and gotten a couple porterhouses for the price I paid for dinner for two here. I left this place hungry and poor, and therefore won't be repeating that mistake.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem located right off the capital square in Madison.  They have by far and away the best Italian Food in Madison.  This is not your traditional Italian restaurant with huge portions and heavy sauces.  Each Meal is hand crafted to perfection.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes slow cooked meats, delicious pasta, and something a little different than every other Italian restaurant.
1	My husband has been here a few times, not on work days, and always loved it. But I ate here for the first time yesterday and had a pretty poor experience, save for the waitress doing what she could at the end to make up for things. Here follows my tale of woe.Although this place is right off the Capital square, so you would think that folks that are working there would eat here for lunch, they don't. I had the afternoon off, and met my husband here at noon - he only had until 12:50. There was only one waitress on duty, working the bar and restaurant (including outdoor seating). Looking around, I saw that my husband was the only business person there - everyone else seemed to have the day off. And it became clear why there were no other people there for a working lunch - service was too slow with just one server. My husband ended up leaving to race back to work before we could ask for the check. So first tip - don't go here for a lunch when you have less than a full hour. And even for a leisurely meal, it was slow. The restaurant should have had more than one waitstaff. Some folks complain about the prices and portion sizes. I don't know about dinner, but I guess I expect smaller portions for lunch, and the higher prices don't bother me. His pasta special was a good sized portion, very nicely done, for $9. The side cup of soup was a little steep at $4.50, but also well done (sweet corn soup). But even with my sandwich removed from the bill (see below) the bill was still $19 for pasta, cup of soup, and 2 iced teas. My sandwich was a disaster. I ordered the prosciutto/arugula/mozzarella panini. First of all, when it came it was essentially a very thin piece of bread, folded around the fillings and grilled. There was less bread than I would have guessed. And the arugula, oddly enough, was dressed with vinaigrette, something not noted on the menu and, frankly, really odd. So with the super thin bread, and the oily arugula, I could not eat the sandwich by hand. So I tried with fork and knife.With my first bite, I got a huge glob of chewy fat. Huge. I spit it into my napkin, thinking it was just bad luck. Second bite, same thing. I then opened my sandwich and pulled out an amount of prosciutto fat that far outweighed the amount of meat present. It was really gross. See the photo I uploaded to get an idea of what I'm talking about. The waitress did not come back to the table to ask about the food until after my husband had left and I had given up. I pointed out the enormous pile of fat on my plate, and she said she would remove the sandwich from the bill. That was very nice. When she brought back the bill, she also said she had shown the chef, who apologized, said it was a really fatty cut of prosciutto, he should have trimmed it, and it would not happen again. Damn straight it won't happen again - at least not to me. I will never go there again. It's a shame, because the food can be great (my husband was pleased with his dish) but there is NO excuse - none -  for serving a customer this kind of gross meal. But props to the waitress for her professional handling of the situation.
3	Dined outdoors on a pleasant evening. The service was pretty good, but not great. I think this was due to a breakdown of the team waiting system. For example, I ordered a vegetable antipasto misto from our server. Initially, another server brought a charcuterie plate by mistake, then dropped off the correct plate and ran off without telling us what we were being served. The restaurant was not busy, so what was the rush? Finally, the initial server arrived and cleared up the mystery. The antipasto were really very good: balsamic roasted baby onions, sweet corn flan, and brocolli rabe sformata; one would not be able to identify 2 of those items by sight (but the absolute essence of sweet corn was unmistakeable in the flan). My entree pasta (garganega with lamb ragu) was solidly good, but the sauce was a bit too greasy to properly coat the pasta and be great. The wine list offers some good reasonably priced Italian bottles that pair well with the food. Unfortunately, we did not have dessert because the philistines we were dining with wanted to leave. From what I read and heard about the butterscotch pudding, it might have lifted the score a little, but not quite to five stars.
5	Osteria is my favorite restaurant in Madison by a mile.  The food is always well executed,  seasonal and inventive. They dish up some pretty authentic, rustic Italian fare. They serve a pretty good lunch, but to get the full experience make sure to get there for dinner. They have a regular printed menu, but make sure to order a few things off their list of daily specials; it's where the food really shines.  There are usually a few apps, mains and maybe a dessert. The specials tend to be crafted from whatever Francesco found at the market and I've never had a bad dish. Osteria also tends to be one of the few restaurants where I'll spring for dessert.  The restaurant is small, doesn't take reservations and can get packed early. Don't let that deter you, the wait is worth it. Otherwise, try to snag a seat at the bar for a delicious cocktail and some of the best charcuterie in town.
4	I went here for Madison Magazine's Restaurant Week. The menu is filled with traditional Italian food. My friend had pressed coffee with her meal. They press the coffee at your table...talk about fresh. I had a tortellini for my main course. It was made with care and tasted fantastic. The portions are not large so I would suggest starting off with an appetizer or finishing with a dessert. The quality of the food is worth the price in my opinion. The tiramisu is out of this world.Oh, and it's a small, busy place so I would suggest either eating early or late if you plan to dine here on the weekend.
4	I just tried Osteria Papavero for the first time last night and had a fantastic experience. The restaurant is small, but has a comfortable and intimate atmosphere. The service was really great. The portions are small, but it was fun for our group to order several different items and share them all. We ordered the burrata special, which was excellent and crostini appetizer, which was good. Then, I had the beef shank and my husband had the venison special. I was slighly disappointed there were no seafood options on the menu or specials, but I think that was reflective of seasonal and local fresh ingredients being utilized. Although the flavors on both our meat dishes were very similar, they were both delicious. The best part of the dining experience at Osteria Papavero is dessert. I know it sounds crazy (as our friends reiterated to us before we went), but the butterscotch pudding is to die for. Try it with their home made lemoncello and you will not be sorry. The prices are slightly high, but the quality is well worth the price. I have one criticism of Osteria Papavero and it is that there are too many specials not documented on the menu. I am not complaining about them having so many specials, because what we tried of them were great. I'm more critical of the fact that the specials were not really documented anywhere, so it was hard to keep track of them. Our waitress spent at least 5 minutes at our table explaining the 7 specials. Although the items were listed with a one word description on a blackboard, it was on the other side of the restaurant from where we were seated, and no one at our table could read it. Even if we were able to read the board, there were no descriptions of the specials, so after the waitress left our table, we had forgotten some of what she described and had to ask her to repeat items when she returned. The waitress was more than pleasant and patient with our questions, but would it be so hard to print a daily menu with descriptions of the specials for each of the tables?
3	We have loved this place very much. Its a treat for us to go out and we are willing to spend more for fabulous food. Well, I am sad to say that this time, all was rich and delicious but WAY TOO SALTY. Forgive my incomplete descriptions, but we had a minestrone soup, the veggie plate with beets, yellow stuffed pepper and a potato-kale(?) pie wedge as well as a side salad and salami risotto.  Every single item was over salted. I don't know if the chef had a unique taste-bud issue this particular evening, but we both agreed on this count. Keep in mind that we love this place. We were sad to have this experience this time. It won't keep us away, probably, but we will likely shy away for awhile.
1	After two less than stellar experiences here we swore it off forever.  Small over priced portions stuffed onto appetizer sized plates, lack of seasoning on some dishes and overly seasoned others, comments from servers like " if you don't like the olives on the pizza you can just pick them off" instead of asking the chef to leave them off of the apparently pre-made luncheon special and a ridiculously high priced wine by the glass offering-$9 for a glass of wine for an $8 lunch dish? We received a gift certificate from a friend as well as a promise of stellar offerings from the chef including the butterscotch pudding! We thought we'd give it one more try and wage our bet with a free dining experience...upon entering through a quasi coat room and curtained door way we entered the dimly lit room and noticed three other tables already seated.  We were seated and the waitress took our drink order and returned after quite some time with our glass of wine and specialty cocktail.  She launched into the diatribe of specials, complete with soulless overly long explanations of preparations and ingredients, all memorized moments before and then- in the middle of the rabbit roulade dissertation she looked toward the curtain as it parted and another pair of diners entered-she stopped abruptly and said, "i'll be right back" she seated them, gave them menus, cleared dishes from a neighboring table and then returned to us to finish her monologue.  We settled on the trio of truffle dishes which included a bland roasted beet salad, an oily under seasoned green tangle of arugula a few shavings of truffles and a wedge of cheese which we hoped would provide the salt to the dish...the cheese was waxy and bland, the dish uneventful.  Next in the trio was a warm compote of rabbit, truffle and mushrooms which begged for a nice piece of bread to sop up the tasty gravy...$3 extra and you can have the bread...6 pieces, cut earlier in the day except for the salty flat bread sopping with oil! The rabbit roulette with truffled aioli was tasty, a bit like a chicken salad in need of salt and a spark of citrus to brighten it.  On to the main courses-a home made tagliatelli with kale and guanchale  and the braised short rib on polenta cakes.  Again, the dishes arrived, crammed into appetizer sized bowls, a large flat rimmed past bowl that would have allowed the pasta to find a comfortable home among the crispy bits of ham and kale would have changed our first impression.  The short rib dish immediately produced two large chunks of fatty grizzle which I had to spit into my PAPER napkin...really?? At $15-24 for pasta dishes you're using paper napkins??m y next bite of short rib, so salty I had to order another glass of $10 wine also produced the first of 15 whole peppercorns I had to spit out.  Obviously the braising liquid hadn't been strained before serving the dish making the whole peppercorns an annoying if flavorful addition.  My dining partner uncovered about a half a pound of 6"-8" ribbons of kale, impossible to stab onto his fork and not much pasta. The waitress, ensconced in a tete a tete with her fellow employees in a corner of the bar across the room never came back and we had to signal for her to bring us espresso, after dinner drinks and the much talked about butterscotch pudding.  My espresso arrived solo, no lemon rind or biscotti to offset the bitter brew, the pudding was plunked down in a tiny bowl, unceremoniously without a plate or doily to announce its outstanding reputation. A coagulated whipped cream splat on the top with cocoa powder both over powering the salty butterscotch goo below...give me  a jello pudding cup and a visit to Biaggis for a more authentic italian experience than this...even for free!
4	Recently visited for the first time on my birthday. Delicious. Classy. Italian.
4	This is a really good little italian place. What stands out for me is their butterscotch pudding. I want to take a bath in that delicious, velvety pudding! Their pasta dishes are delicious but I did not care for their gnocchi at all as the sauce was way too heavy and rich. They do not take reservations so I suggest this place when you are not in a hurry (i.e. not for lunch during a weekday).
3	I know some people complain about the prices and food portions, but I found them to be reasonable.  I would consider this to be one of the few authentic Italian restaurants in Madison.  I had the pasta with the venison ragu sauce, which was filling but not heavy.  Nothing worst than feeling like you are going to explode after dinner.  The pumpkin flan was pretty good, a bit on the sweet side but good nonetheless.  I highly recommend based off the food.  I would have given 4 stars, but there was an issue with service.  The pace of the meal was perfect, and the server was friendly, but it was incredible that after ordering a diet coke, they only brought me one refill after I had to ask for it.  The server even came to the table to refill our waters, saw my empty glass and walked away.  At one point another employee who I assume was the manager as she also was walking around checking on tables, glanced at my table saw my empty glass and kept walking by.  Next time maybe I should get a bottle of wine so I can pour my own refills.  I still recommend them, as the food was great, service was friendly, even if they seem to be stingy on soft drinks.  I will be returning.
5	a hidden gem - a diamond in the rough - went here purely based on Yelp reviews and will be returning many times again.  A rather small, store front like ristorante of the type one finds in Chicago or New York with excellent food and a superb selection of wines. An excellent bar is the centerpiece to seating for about 35.  Now they had no cocktail onions and no drambuie, but beyond those faux pas, we had an excellent dinner.  We had a wonderful server named Sara who knew the menu intimately, had superb wine pairing suggestions by the glass or bottle and she recited the specials off the chalk board with the expertise of the professional she is and clearly provides the establishment with an exceptional talent.  She had tried most of the menu and was an entrusted expert when it came to deciding between items.  I would return only if she were my server. They had no cocktail onions for my Gibson, but the olives transformed my norm into a superb martini of acceptable character and overcame my temporary disappointment.  We did several of antipasto as starters and had a wide array of sausages and terrines that were excellent, along with a fresh seafood plate that featured sushi grade ahi tuna done several ways and calamari in a provencal sauce that was a perfect pairing with the home made breads. I would have like to have seen some oil or butter on the table to accompany the breads.  Home cooked, properly prepared and served, they were excellent when paired with our entrees at this dinner.  This anitpasto was such that one could enjoy wine, bread and antipasto and forgo dinner. The squab and foie gras was excellent, perfectly cooked, though a little shy on the foie gras, it was an excellent entree served on a bed of sweet and sour greens and off the menu.  The others in the party had pasta, all homemade and tasty with obviously hand cut sausages and special attention to the sauces and toppings of fresh veg and cheeses. The crepes were seasoned well, stuffed properly and tasty in a light bechamel sauce..  For dessert we tried the ricotta cake - moist and a fun topping of fresh berries, the butterscotch pudding - melts in your mouth better than anything grandmother ever made and perfectly brewed coffee in a French press to culminate an excellent meal.  Not as pricey as some might think, well worth it for exquisite fare.  Service was superb, food excellent, hot and well presented in unque presentations.  A very romantic ristorante and one that lovers or soon to be lovers would relish as a way to start their evening.
3	Went twice, once for lunch with colleagues and once for dinner with BF.I have to say that I had a better experience with lunch, than with dinner. At lunch the food was homey, simple and delicious. At dinner I found it a bit over dressed.For the time being, I will give it 3 star because the dinner dishes fell into the trap of many Italian restaurant: too much sauce, too many flavors, trying too hard to be something special. To me, the best Italian food sports few flavors. One main standout ingredients. A subtle balance of all the supporting components working to enhance the main ingredient without overpowering it. I understand that this is not what most people thin of as Italian, so I realize chef and restaurateur have to go after the main crowd and this might make for a tough balancing act. But that dinner was threading to close to the worse side of Italian food.Other than the food, at dinner I had some pretty bad wine. The first glass I even sent back. I might have just chosen the wrong wine, but that also did not help with the whole dinner experience.Anyway, I will be back hoping to find a better balance next time. Or I might just stick to lunch.
5	Before my lunch today at Osteria Papavero, I had no idea that a sandwich could possibly be so delicious and well crafted! I had the Three Little Piggies sandwich and it was amazing! I knew when I saw it on the menu that I would probably like it, ( I can't resist anything that includes bacon and avocado) but when I took my first bite, I was surprised by just how much I loved it. The flavors of the smoky bacon, fresh avocado and spicy peppers were perfectly balanced and so tasty. I will definitely be back for this sandwich again!We concluded our meal with the Butterscotch Budino. Like many previous reviewers have said, it was absolutely amazing! I'm not usually one to pick a butterscotch flavored dessert, but this one was fantastic. It had the perfect level of sweetness and a fantastic, lusciously creamy texture. Everything I sampled at Osteria Papavero today was delicious and I can't wait to see what they have to offer for dinner!
5	Overview: Always perfection Hits  Kitchen, bar, & crew. One of the best joints in town.Misses:  Lack of reservations -- but they do not need them as they are always full. Hints: : Look at the board (or at least listen to the description as I do) and order from it.
4	Best Italian in Madison. I recommend trying their seasonal vegetable dishes. It's a very nice restaurant where the staff are not snobs. Still can be a place for causal dining.
5	Oh Osteria Papavero. I am a fool. I  lived here for 5 year before trying this place. I always assumed that the menu is not the best for vegetarians. But I was so wrong - unaware of the amazing specials highlighting this season's vegetables. So sad to think about all the amazing meals I could have had. Recently we enjoyed the vegetarian antipasto (green beans cooked lightly with fresh tomatoes, sweet and sour eggplant, roasted fennel sprinkled with cheese), the mushroom soup (not really a soup, more like stewed mushrooms of all different types in a spicy tomato sauce), and the crespelle (an amazing take on baked cannelloni with a crepe instead of pasta). The cocktails are wonderful and so-very Italian with lots of options including Campari. And yes. Budino.Looking forward to making up for lost time and returning to Osteria Papavero again soon!
5	I loved this place. I'll be honest, I wouldn't give their food 5 stars, but it is cosy and warm and romantic and smells like fresh baked bread and makes me feel like a cool Madisonite grown up (because the place was full of couples in their mid 40's with sweaters and cool glasses...I don't know what you people do in Madison but I really like you...also there were other young people who were bespeckled sweater-wearers in training) and what more can you ask for?
3	I really, truly wanted to love this place.  BF and I went last night for the first time.  Our server was friendly and showed a thorough knowledge of the menu and most of the specials.  One of the specials last night was a Torta (apparently giant tortellini).  The server said she would check with the kitchen to find out what kind it was.  In the meantime, a large table of men obviously there on expense accounts were seated next to our table.  If I saw that kind of tip potential walk in the door I probably would have fawned over them, too, and forgot about everyone else.  I asked our server three separate times what the Torta special was.  Then she returned quite late to take our food order.  BF and I shared an arugula and speck (ham) salad, a first course (egg noodles with wild boar) and a second course (pork shoulder, pork sausage with potatoes in a tomato sauce).  When we ordered we told her we were sharing and would like extra plates.  No extra plates came with the food.  Again, we had to ask multiple times for the extra plates.  She was so scatterbrained.So, for service, as much as I liked the server and as knowledgable as she was, she just wasn't keeping it together last night.  Yes, I understand:  expense accounts = big tips.  But the BF and I are locals, and with better service we would probably return to the restaurant as regulars.  The corporate dudes probably won't come back.  Be nice to us wee locals.  As for the food, it was good.  Not great, but good.  But now I'm craving the food at A Pig in a Fur Coat on Willy St, where they do pork dishes better than anyone else.Almost forgot dessert.  We shared Lemon Tarte with Raspberry Sorbet and Whipped Cream.  All three items were delicious, although the BF stated the whipped cream tasted odd.  I couldn't tell.  I would have paired either the tarte or the sorbet with something less tangy to let either one shine.  As it was, it was too much sour (too much "tartness") going on and it just tasted like a big mish-mash of sour.
5	Longstanding favorite- great food and seasonal creativity. Fantastic cocktails and wine menu, reasonably priced and there is a sense of pride and enthusiasm for their work
5	How have I not written a review about my favorite Italian place in Madison?  Probably didn't want to get the word out but looking at the reviews, it is definitely out.  Small, rustic, no pretense but serving great food and drinks.  While the items on the menu are solid (pappardelle with wild boar is always a fave), I really think the restaurant shines through their specials.  My last visit was during lunch and I had an incredible gnocchi with braised lamb leg.  The housemade potato gnocchi was soft and pillowy and paired well with the rich and hearty lamb. I love that the restaurant serves as a blank canvas to the food and diners that come eat here.  It is just as comfortable for a business lunch as it is for a romantic dinner.
4	This was a wonderful place for dinner, unusual beer selection. Small menu but what is on it was worth ever bite, they were even nice enough to make the kids a simple noodles with sauce and gnocchi with pesto. Next time in Madison a must stop!
5	Me and my girlfriend who by the way is the finest Italian woman, we had our first experience there  last night and we have now found our favorite Italian restaurant and maybe our favorite restaurant in madison. It was our favorite date night with the most delicious food.
3	This little Italian restaurant has about 10 or so tables, so when we arrived on a Thursday night we had about a 25 minute wait. We sat at the bar and waited for our table. I noticed the lamps above the bar need to be cleaned. That's just me being picky, but I noticed. I'm not well versed in Italian, but the waitress was helpful in deciphering the menu for me. They did have a good list of wines. We enjoyed the complimentary bread basket. For entrees, I ordered the Tagliolini alla Norcina, which was good, but I got bored with it after a while. I'm more of a tapas girl and like variety. My boyfriend ordered the Tortelli di Zucca and the serving size was quite small. Overall, I think the pasta dishes were over priced. We ordered the Torta Barozzi for dessert and it was quite good. It's pretty rich. Overall, I just wasn't impressed. I'd like more bang for my buck.
4	Not much to say except that after dining here twice this is one of the culinary bright spots in Madison.  Certainly better than Harvest or even the overrated Le Toile.  It gets bonus points for serving Italian and not sucking, a rare feat.If I had one complaint it is that the specials list overwhelms both the diner and the waiter.  I forget what has already come and the waiter starts to get a dry mouth and both sides start to get uncomfortable.  Shorter verbal descriptions and a better wall mount of the specials might be better for everyone involved.
5	OO LA LA!What a romantic spot. A bottle of wine, a little candlelight, and a delicious dinner? I think I'm in love...with Osteria Papavero.Many of the comments here recommend ordering from the specials board, but I went with the regular menu items and they were great! As I mentioned in a tip, the wild mushroom soup (Zuppa di Funghi) is outstanding. It's incredibly flavorful and the mushrooms add a really nice texture (plus, it's vegan without cheese on top). I give two thumbs up for the Antipasto Misto di Verdure, a large appetizer composed of three different tapas-like portions, each made using locally sourced vegetables. All three on my plate were phenomenal (the two I remember were delicious roasted fennel and some sort of house-made tart). I will be back for some more O.P. lovin' soon.
4	All around a great, relaxed meal. My mother has food allergies, so I emailed them as soon as we decided to go, and they responded promptly with assurances. We arrived early on a snowy evening, and were able to get a table for 5 - about 20 min before the rush - so drinks in hand we decided on dishes. Get a special - they were amazing. Be prepared to have a relaxed dinner - slow service is not a bad thing - they are expecting you to linger. I can recommend the short ribs - chorizo prawns - cured meat plate -mulled wine
5	Now I know why Corey seems to be here just about every other day. ;-)+ Despite the sky-high ceilings, the atmosphere is very quaint and cozy+ Tables arranged to allow for intimate conversation with dining partners- Overall, slightly noisy inside, most likely due to the hardwood, plaster, and glass+ Heavy velvet curtain at entry helps block some of the cold from outside+ Servers were prompt, friendly, and knowledgable+ Server suggested an excellent bottle of wine to go with dinner+ Wine prices were extremely reasonable (all but 2 are less than $40/bottle)+ Antipasto plates cover three bases: seafood, pasta-themed, and vegetarian+ Very vegetarian-friendly restaurant {-- Isn't a vegetarian, but will happily eat vegetarian/vegan dishes+ The mushroom soup. OMG - THE MUSHROOM SOUP!!!!!! I would shank someone for the recipe. - Shanking someone would send me to jail+ It would be worth it+ The charcuterie plate was excellent - a half plate was more than enough for the two of us+ I tried my first ever bit of beef tongue - yummy (sorry, Bessie)+ The Antipasto de Mare (seafood plate) featured a soft-shell crab dish, a cold poached whitefish, and a chilled octopus - wow. Superb.+ Prices were incredibly fair; less than $100 for a bottle of wine, 2 soups, and 3 plates. I'll admit that I was a tad apprehensive about trying Osteria, primarily because I thought it was more of a "pasta-centric" type of Italian restaurant. I couldn't have been more wrong. Artisanal, rustic, masterful food.
5	Wow! This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I came here tonight for an early Valentine's Day dinner, and it was great. Firstly, I was very impressed with our server for her knowledge of the extensive menu and ability to recall all of the specials to us in order. Seriously, there were like 8 specials with intricate ingredients.Secondly, the food was all very flavorful, hot, and cooked perfectly. We had two types of fish, which were buttery and delicious. The eggplant accompanying one of the dishes was amazing. We also got this spiced pork sausage which had interesting clove and nutmeg flavors. Finally, the ambiance was nice and cozy for a date night. I was worried it might be drafty, but there's a curtain in front of the door where you can hang your coats. There was also a space heater warming them before we left, which was excellent . The tables are really unique too. In conclusion, I'll definitely be coming back to Osteria Papavero and bring my friends!
5	One of the best Italian restaurants, if not the best, in Madison. Traditional food, traditional ways of serving it, traditional portions but CHEAPER than traditional prices. If you want REAL Italian food, come here. If you want fake, American Italian food, go to Tutto Pasta. This place is so amazing, and use of local ingredients makes a world of a difference. Seriously, go here. You won't regret it. Probably should get the Wild Boar dish.
4	Sometimes a girls just got to have some foie gras. When that craving arises, make the trip to Osteria. They are one of the few places in Madison that take a minimalist approach to preparing the protein. (And if you know of others, please advise me!!) The foie gras is pan seared, placed upon a toasted brioche triangle and topped with green apples, toasted hazelnuts, and an elderberry reduction. The tart and sweetness of the side players truly complement the liver, and the meat itself was every bit of the creamy melt-in-your-mouth experience I craved. Nutty, buttery, and not a trace of bitterness.Other notables about the restaurant: they are definitely better than what their restaurant week menu showcased, since I was pretty disappointed by what I had back then. My dinner mate and I shared a half salumi plate and it was fantastic. I couldn't tell you what any of the meats were but I can tell you I thoroughly enjoyed all of them. A picture is worth a thousand words! My hesitation from giving them 5 stars is that they may be a little too "authentic". As in they also adopted the Italian speed of service. But that's part of the charm too, just allowing yourself to relax and forget the rush to get to the next spot. Overall, I strongly suggest wondering away from the main Capitol square restaurants and trying out this gem, foie gras craving or not.
5	My new favorite!For those of you that are keeping score, Papavero stole the number one spot from my former fave, Nostrano.Every dish. Every single appetizer, entree, cocktail, and dessert that I have tasted here has been spectacular. There are roughly 12 daily changing specials written on the chalkboard. Many of those specials are fresh seafood - hard to come by in Madison. I would tell you to stick to the specials because they're so fun and different, but lately I've been grateful that the braised boar papardelle was on the menu so I could come back for more of it.One tip:Ask for an Amaro as a digestif after your dinner! Your server can explain what it is if you've never heard of it.
5	Papavero is among the top 3 or 4 best places in Madison, or even the whole state.The food is Italian themed but could be called New American.  The charcuterie plates are adventurous and great to share for a foursome.  The cocktails are inventive and delicious.  They always have a bunch of beautiful specials.These folks not only know how to cook, but how to design an attractive menu.  I could eat here every week and never get bored.
5	Five hundred stars.I've been reticent to post about this one, for purely selfish reasons: I don't want too many people to know about this place.  It seems to fly under the radar with a pretty low profile in the crowded Madison restaurant scene, and that's fine because, make no mistake, it's amazing.  I've been coming here about once a month for a few years, and the food has never been short of fantastic.  After reading a what's already been posted, I'll try to sum up my many experiences in a few short quips and tips: Get the Budino for dessert.  I'm not even a fan of butterscotch pudding nor do I even order dessert as a mandate, and it's amazing.Pay attention to the long list of specials when your server describes them, which are written only in Italian (with no descriptions) on the wall.  This is the best stuff they have going, and it changes just about every day.  Ask him/her to repeat them if you didn't get it all the first time, there really are a lot.Of the options on the printed menu, all are fantastic.  The N'duja is incredibly spicy, but good.  The Wild Boar pasta dish is amazing.  Also, there are usually several rotating appetizer samplers (seafood, vegetarian, etc) where you get three or four different preparations in separate little bowls on one plate.  Just like the specials, these preparations change daily, and are also good for sharing.Try something from the bar.  They don't take reservations and the place is almost always busy on weekends, so there can be a bit of a wait.  It's worth it.  Wait at the bar and try one of the wonderful creative cocktails from their list, a beer (there is usually a different, not-mass-marketed Italian beer on draft), or a glass of wine.  Their wine list is extensive and features only Italian wines, many of them somewhat obscure if you're not an Italian wine expert (I'm definitely not).  The servers have always done a great job pairing the wines with the food ordered.A lot of reviews complained about the portion sizes for the entrees.  They're only on the small side if you're used to traditional Americanized Italian food portions at a place like Olive Garden, ie. huge.  Papavero is real, authentic, inventive Italian, and entree portions are smaller in Europe.  Instead, order another appetizer or two, and save room for the Budino for dessert.  Share a bunch of stuff and try as much as you can.  It's worth it.
5	Super cute Italian restaurant and super delicious amazing food. I've only been here twice for lunch and each time I had to order from their daily specials. For lunch, most everything is only $9.75 and the sandwiches come with soup or salad. You can tell this place is legit, pasta is only on their daily specials. Everything I've had here has a uniqueness about it. [Begin Italian music in background] Could be how the ingredients slow dances with my taste buds, or how the presentation has me thinking what the next dish will look like. All I know is that I haven't gotten a blah meal, was always satisfied and will be coming back for more.
4	I didn't go many places for Restaurant Week, and I am so glad that Osteria Papavero was one of my choices. Ambiance: It was a fantastic place for a ladies night, but it would also be good for a date.  The restaurant is very cute, quiet enough for conversation, and small enough that it feels intimate.Food: I did not expect much from the budino, but the rave reviews convinced me to try it. You have to get it, it was beyond belief. Also, The Elk Ragout was INCREDIBLE AND they had mulled wine. Overall: One of my favorite places in Madison. The prices were definitely reasonable and the service was attentive without being intrusive.
5	I've looked high and low; I've searched nooks and crannies; I've stepped foot into some not so pleasant places (insert names of establishments holding titles for my one and two star reviews), all in the name of finding the best dining experience in Madison. After a year and a half of living on the isthmus, I have found it, and it was closer than I thought.Osteria Papavero has everything a restaurant needs to be a successful business. They have knowledgable bartenders (I know little to nothing about liquor or wine) who give great recommendations. The staff is cordial and on point even while busy. And yet, attentive enough as they are, they do not hover, and allow you to enjoy your wonderful meal in peace. I give them mad props.Now, where Osteria really got me was when I tried the first bite of my meal. I ordered the Crespelle alla Fiorentina, and after that I knew that this place was "the one". I couldn't stop eating it, and I was already full on their delicious complimentary bread (and wine). My partner had one of their many specials and devoured it, and my mother enjoyed her meal as well.  Although this wonderful restaurant is a little pricey, it is well worth it.  After all, this is the best place to dine in Madison.
4	Went here for an early dinner based on a recommendation from our B&B innkeeper.  Our meal at OP did not disappoint.  They offered at least 5-6 specials based on seasonal ingredients.  Their pasta was cooked to perfection and where we really  thought they shined was the starters. Beautifully prepared asparagus soup, and a decadent yet light burrata salad. Would go back in a heartbeat.
4	Good Italian food at a reasonable price.  Close to the capital so a good lunch or early dinner spot.  Friendly service.  Good wine and martinis.
3	The food was worthy of 4 stars, but it took forever to get it!  Yeah the menu items were creative, but not mind-blowing, and honestly the portions were a bit small for the high cost.  There was really nothing on the menu that was appropriate for children, so it was complaints all around.  My husband found nothing on the menu that he wanted, probably because there weren't any authentic Italian dishes-- everything was complicated and complex, which is NOT how food is prepared in Italy.  The questionable food, plus the excessive wait, can only mean one thing: Average. Hence, 3 stars.
5	Perfection. Over and over again. Each dish I've had here is perfection.
5	This restaurant is pretty fantastic. With extensive daily specials, amazing pastas, and giant chunks of creamy melty dairy there's nothing to stop you from coming back every day for the rest of your life. Except that they're closed on Sundays. I gave it five stars even though the meat plate tasted kind of like socks because I'm no meat plate connoisseur and because everything else I've ever tasted there was phenomenal.
5	My favorite italian place in town. Intimate setting; probably the most romantic spot in town. Pasta made in house with some of the best sauces around. Truly delicious with an ambiance that can't be beat. Take her here if you really like her.
1	Very good food, but often horrible understaffed. Will not be visiting again after waiting forever for lunch.
5	Oh my goodness.My love affair with Osteria Papavero most definitely started from the very first visit.As most restaurants around the square are great for date nights, Osteria Papavero definitely turns the romance up a bit with a lovely intimate space that doesn't feel too dark, or too intensely moody.Having eaten here several times now, I'd have to say that you can't go wrong ordering from their regular menu. I personally love hearing the specials and almost always go with one of them for my choice of entree. Their food is really on point whether you decide to come here for lunch or dinner and one of the items I tend to come back to again and again during dinner is the Antipasto di Mare. This is an appetizer dish that is three different small servings of seafood that changes nightly. It ranges from soft shell crab, to scallops, to beautiful luscious tuna, and everything beyond. Each small dish is always wonderfully prepared and I absolutely love the fact that you can try a little bit of three different things to start off your dinner. Secondly, the butterscotch pudding is absolutely DEE-VINE. It's a heaping portion of perfectly creamy and deliciously butterscotchy (that's a word now) pudding that is in the right range of sweet where you don't feel ill after finishing off the entire bowl (which you will). The Panna Cotta is probably my number two for dessert, but I'm a sucker for anything in the gelatin/custard family for sweets.From the very beginning Osteria Papavero has always been outstanding, with remarkable service to top it off. This restaurant will always hold a fairly large spot in my heart.
5	I have been there three or four times, and every single time it is stunning! Definitely one of my favorite places in Madison, and where I would take my parents if they would ever come visit me.First experience was restaurant week, 2013. Their boar bolognese... I still drool thinking about it. Their budino really does live up to the hype! Every time since I've gotten different things (seafood, elk, soup, pasta), but there is not a single time I left feeling unfulfilled or disappointed. The wine selection is great, their cocktails are all spot on.Make sure to order the seasonal special if it strikes your fancy, because it could and most likely will be gone the next time you come back! I still regret missing out on one in particular that involved a truffled pate or something of that sort.. Not a great place for large groups either--be prepared to wait even for a two person table.
5	Where does one take their foodie Manhattan dwelling sister? Osteria Papavera, of course. Every detail was perfect. I have not one complaint or even suggestion for improvement.We arrived on Saturday evening about 6:30. We weren't quite hungry so we sat at the bar. The bar was comfortable and the bartenders (both women) fabulous. They wait tables and are knowledgeable about the food as well as the impressive wine and cocktail list. After much consideration I ordered an Old Fashioned and my sister had a Kettle One Orange on the rocks. I had told the bartender of my recent experience with Luxardo cherries and she was kind enough to place two of those luscious delights directly in my drink. It was then I fell in love. My sis enjoyed her drink as well.After finishing drink number one it was time to get some food in our bellies. We loved the bar experience and stayed put for the rest of the evening.  We decided to share all the dishes we ordered and it was exactly enough food for us both. We ordered that second drink and our dinner.  We started with the Riboletta, a Tuscan kale and bread soup. It was hearty and rich. It was clear the soup had not been rushed, as the flavors were developed and distinct. Next we had the burrata with arugula with white anchovies and oven roasted tomatoes. The burrata is a homemade mozzarella cheese which is firm on the outside and creamy within. Oh, yes. Swoon.....For our main course, we shared the Pappardelle and Wild Boar. C'mon, when was the last time you had wild boar? I love eating things I never eat at home or have never eaten before. This dish filled both criteria. It was yummy beyond belief. Not heavy or greasy, just meaty and succulent. I couldn't believe how satisfying it was to eat such a meal right in the middle of the summer. I left feeling satiated but not uncomfortably full. The timing between courses was perfect! I have thought about raising a boar in my condo but think it might not be okay with my neighbors. However,  I am planning a heist of a case of Luxardo cherries. They are pricey and maybe could earn me some bucks on the black market. If you are interested, let me know.  A girl has to support her habit....By the way, the whole meal was about $65. Not bad when you think about the crappy food you ate for a similar price elsewhere.
5	I have gone twice since and have had an excellent  experience. Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned.  Not sure if changes were made in the kitchen or if it is just me, but I continue to go to Osteria Papavero and am enjoying it immensely. What a relief!
4	The Wild Mushroom soup and veal scaloppine was wonderful.  Great ambiance.  Enjoyed interacting with the people at the bar!  We'll be back with families and friends.
5	Lovely little romantic spot in Madison! My class at epic ended early so i took a cab downtown, everyone kept recommending this place & I am so glad i tried it. The staff is friendly, food is impeccable. I tried a sausage pasta with burrata salad which was absolutely delicious. The ambience is very romantic (dim lighting, candlelit dinner) but I had a great dinner just by myself! I will definitely be back when I return for epic training.
5	I went last night with a group of coworkers and regretted not going sooner.Warm, lovely, cozy. When you walk into this small restaurant, you are immediately calmed from "the hustle and bustle" of the street and the chill of Madison winter is long behind you. The place is nice enough to be a great spot for an occasion, but still relatively laid back. Great service, I was honestly just amazed that our waitress could remember everything about the specials! The food was delicious. The menu doesn't need to go over the top, everythings just cooked well and tasty. I took Corey D's advice and ordered off the specials menu, which is basically the same length as the regular menu (thanks Corey!). Highlights:- Filetto: steak with a slab of muenster cheese on top. This sounded kind of weird but I love steak and I love cheese, and so naturally I loved my meal. - Meat antipasti: we shared this FANTASTIC assortment of meats. Definitely not your typical charcuterie board. - BUDINO: I would come back just for this. As others have mentioned, this is perfect. The pudding and fresh cream are so smoothe and it just has a rich, perfect taste. I really need to go back and try some pasta!I will end by saying that my mom raised me with an 11th commandment: thou shall not eat Italian food outside of NY, San Francisco, Chicago (maybe)...and Italy. After living in Madison for awhile, I realized I had to break this rule and have had some good and bad experiences. Osteria Papavero is the type of place that proves my mom is just a (wonderful) snob, you can find good Italian food anywhere!
5	MFing Pasta con la N'Duja & Budino di Caramello all day, every day.If it was appropriate to take away stars because one combo of dishes is so good that it becomes impossible to order anything else, I would do it. But alas, I can't.Generally, I'm not too fancy. Throw some italian-american red sauce on anything and melt a buttload of cheese, then I will eat it and enjoy it. This place though. Not even Italian-American, but straight up motherland. Balanced, nuanced, creative & delicious describe every single dish I've eaten here. Truffle appetizers, cocktails, the afore mentioned entree and dessert, you name it. Probably the best restaurant in town.
3	I had the Pappardelle w/ Wild Board... it was decent but the portions were puny... might have been a little too salty for my liking as well.Bottom line, I think I'll find another place for Italian food.
5	Love this place.  The people who run it are wonderful - kind and attentive.  The dessert options (even if you aren't a sweets person) are fantastic!
4	Went on a week night with some coworkers, had the Antipasto di Mare and Antipasto Misto di Verdure to share. Both were fantastic. I had the Taglierini alla Norcina as a main, it was good but portion was on the small side. The sausage to noodle ratio was high compared to the average Italian restaurant. However it was salty. This and the portion size are the reason I took off 1 star. Otherwise, service was quick and professional, cozy atmosphere, and good drinks selection. I especially enjoyed my mulled wine!!
4	Stopped in last Saturday night and was seated right away. Small joint with a nice comfy feel about it; low lit and great for date night. We had the full salumi plate, which was excellent (lamb sausage, chorizo, 4 cured meats, etc.) And the entrees were a proper size and freshly prepared. The wild boar ragout was new to us and delicious, and the truffle, sausage, cream sauce pasta dish was equally impressive. Polite service and decent prices. We will return one day, which is saying something cuz we are food snobs
5	Putting in to words how much I adore Papavero is about as hard as I imagine it is for a server there to remember the countless specials they rattle off (which rotate) nightly.But ya know what, they seem to get through it, and so will I. The primary reason I'm at Osteria Papavero several times a month is the fact that the place is consistent beginning, middle to end. Despite the resto being obscenely busy when I've tried to snag a table, someone is able to greet me and give me an anticipated wait time within moments of walking in the door. It's that level of attentiveness that starts the experience off on the right note. From there, it just gets better. Whether you have to sit at the bar and imbibe and snack before a table is ready, or if you're lucky enough to snag seats right away, the cocktail menu is a must before you even consider savories and wine to sip. Im pretty partial to the Bugado Bianco (Koval Levant spelt whiskey, Cinzano Bianco,Bitter Cube cherry bark vanilla bitters), crisp, clean and absolutely perfect any time of year. Their barrel aged Boulevardier is also stellar if you're looking for something a bit more spirit food. When it comes to food, don't even open your menu until your server describes the specials in chalkboard. The level of detail they go into as they cover each is so rich, you'll want to order them as a thank you for summarizing them so well. Because I don't dig lactose, I can't say whether or not the cream based dishes or cheese filled pastas are good, but if it's on the chalkboard and if it's mostly dairy free, I've eaten it and I've loved it! Inside the menu the Zuppa di Funghi is unreal, it puts all other mushroom soups you've eaten to shame. Wild mushrooms (I can count at least 4 varietals), tomato and wine; that's it! It's a pricey way to start your meal coming in at $9, but the grilled bread served alongside it is worth at least $10. And you know what, I've tried to recreate the dish at home and it failed miserably, so I'm ok paying a premium for something stellar that I can't repeat. Antipasto di Mare (seafood) and Antipasto Misto di Verdure (veggie) are always spot on, and about the latter, Papavero knows how to turn veggie loathers into veggie lovers. These starters typically feature a variety of four smaller bites to share with the table or devour on your own. When talk turns to entrees, there's like more that needs to be said about the wild board papardelle than ORDER IT! And if you don't crave carbs or aren't wild about wild boar (but seriously, get this) the selection of grilled meats is magic. It's certainly not for those looking for something lighter, but if you're intrigued by the offerings (which rotate) the night you're there, split that meat! Turn the menu over if you dig dessert, there's usually about 6 different options. And while I know people go bananas for the budino, it's their honey and pine nut tart that tops a bowl of budino (which is still insanely awesome). The tart is nutty, not to sweet and the perfect size, a sliver of heaven, making me feel like I'm not indulging too much. And because it's packed with pine nuts, I've decided it's actually not dessert at all, but an after dinner savory. And while we're talking after dinner, sip (or shoot!) some Amaro, the Italian way, nay, the ONLY way to end an awesome meal. They have a plentiful collection and information about them all, so hit bartenders up for info and learn a little while you digest. Two other quickies I want to gush about:-Those that note the small space and feel it's not a stellar spot for groups, listen up! I was there one night when they brought tables together for 20 so it can be done! It was towards the end of dinner service, so if you're looking to dine in a large group, consider the time, and you may want to give a call and ask if there's space. While they don't take reservations they'll be able to tell you if they can accommodate your large party.-As I mentioned earlier, lactose and I aren't friends, so I ask for the Zuppa di Funghi sans sprinkling of cheese every time I go. Well check this out, last time they were so concerned about dairy and so willing to make accommodate that they brought out some vegan bread! It was unexpected but nothing like that grilled bread :) but I was so grateful for their effort!
3	I really wanted to give Osteria Papavero a 5 start review... after reading other reviews, and hearing from my roommates how much they adored this place I really had such high hopes. But... not all hope is lost for me for Papavero.Love how quaint, and cozy it is here. We came at a later time for dinner and got seated right away. Checked out the drink list, and I ended up ordering the Azzuri Dacquiri. Loved it, I would compare it to a margarita but more sour/bitter. After we got our drinks, we waited for quite sometime for our waitress to come back. She read the specials off to us, and then took our order. She quick grabbed our menus and then didn't see her at all till our food came out. I ended up getting the  Crespelle agli Spinaci which was absolutely fantastic. The cons I have with Osteria Papavero was that our waiter was just super inattentive, and when she was talking to us it was very robotic like, and never once smiled the whole time we were there. And lastly... for the amount of money I'm spending at Osteria I would hope I would have a great experience. And sadly it just didn't do it for me. Maybe that I just came on a wrong night, but I wouldn't mind trying them out again, and hope for a better experience.
5	Been back quite a few times since my first review, and I'm still their biggest fan. This is the little out of the way place I recommend to my friends to bring their out of town visitors to impress them with the foodie side of Madison. The seafood is always excellent. They had a duck special last time that was on point, and their wine list is perfectly sized for the location. I have no reservations about recommending this place to anyone.Also. If you get a chance to get their mulled wine--do it. Oooooh. So greattt.
