3	Well what to say... Its kinda hard.Dive- Thats the best way to explain it. Bartenders- the ladies know there stuff so dont give them any lip and listen to what they say.Tunes- They have a juke box, with old country music but its a good fit for the spot.The fun- People are just there to get a cocktail and beer with out all the fuss you would find in a corporate spot or anything in Scottsdale.They have 2 pool tables , darts, a few video games and a shuffleboard table. so they is always some fun going on.Break it down Jess- If your in the mood to get out of the house for a drink or two but want to stay in your gym shorts and t-shirt with the two paint spots on it and maybe shoot a round of pool with a stranger, ho will become a Larrys buddy. Its the spot.
3	It is a total dive bar...If you need a drink go get one.  There are pool tables, shuffle board, video game or two, and a jukebox.  The bartenders know their stuff.  Enough said!
3	Look, its a dive.  That's all there is to say.  The bartenders don't take any crap and why should they?  Just order your drink and shut the hell up.
5	5 Stars for CHEAP Beer! 5 Stars for GREAT people Watching0 Stars for the smell...did I mention CHEAP???
3	This place has been around for a while and with it just being a "bar only" seems rare these days... I agree with most everyone's reviews. Yes it's a dive bar but that doesn't bother me much as long as I'm hanging with friends. They also don't take credit cards so bring cash...at least that was the situation when I was there last. You can not bring in any drinks what-so-ever (learned that the hard way...THROW OUT THAT REDBULL RIGHT NOW! okay okay geesh), but you can bring in food if you want - the staff seemed fine with it. They have an enclosed patio with some pool tables where people can smoke etc. Drinks are cheap but made decently.
5	I got locked out of my house last friday at happy hour....so I walked over to Larry's for a drink for the first time.  2 PBR's later at 2 bucks a pop and I was happy with my decision.  This is a real bar....it's dark...there's neon.....the clientele is there to drink and not to be seen....the service was prompt and curt....exactly what this world needs....This place is the anti-disneyland-corporate themed McBar....last time I felt this good in a bar...it was at the Buffet in Tucson.Pool and shuffleboard tables....a few tv's....comfy bar stools.  This place fits like a nicely worn pair of jellies, a green bathrobe and a dark pair of wayfarers..This dude abides Larry's
4	Larry's.... There is so much to do there. Pool tables, darts, shuffle board. There is something to keep everyone entertained. It's rough around the edges but that's the beauty behind it. Close to home.
5	Best dive bar ever.
