5	Loopy Lorna's is a gorgeous and quirky little tea room on Morningside Road where I love to while away the day sipping green tea from china cups and enjoying the biggest piece of cake I can find.I am very much an old lady at heart, with an adoration of the lovely little things in life like tea cosies, teapots, china cups, afternoon tea and scones, and this place is one of my favourite places to be to enjoy all of these things.What is even more adorable than the place itself is the little story in the menu that details how the owner created this place in memory of her mother: Lorna, who was a little bit loopy and loved nothing more than a good cup of tea and freshly baked cakes. Loopy Lorna's is a tribute to the owner's mother who tragically died of cancer 11 years ago and I can't think of a lovelier tribute.Loopy Lorna's is the perfect place for a lazy day where you have nothing better to do than ponder which cake tickles your fancy, as I can easily spend ten minutes transfixed by the mouthwatering selection of pretty cakes on offer. I love Loopy Lorna's.
5	Loopy Lorna's is heaven in Morningside!I have to say I was initially put off by the quirky name and exterior, the pink teapots screamed gimmicky to me. However after hearing reports of how good it was by numerous friends I decided to give it a try, and oh how I wish I'd visited sooner. This place is truly wonderful! On my first visit I managed to get there while they were still doing their breakfast menu (9am - 11.45am), I ordered a bacon sandwich and it was honestly the best I've ever had; triple decker, made with granary bread and about six (I kid you not!) rashers of free range bacon. The downside to my 'Mammoth Bacon Buttie' was that it filled me up so much that there was not much room left for a cake.  Loopy Lorna's know how to do cakes! The counter is full of home-baked treats, I went for a piece (read slab) of carrot cake which was lovely and moist, but too big to finish - fear not, the friendly staff put it in a wee bag for me and I was able to take it home.Although I live on the other side of town, I think catching a bus over to Loopy's  is well worth the trip.
5	The good old British tradition of tea and cakes is enthusiastically promoted by places such as Loopy Lorna's.  Generous slices of carrot cake, buns topped with thick icing, and gooey mouth watering chocolate cakes are presented on shiny serving trays usually associated with your Granny's crockery. Coupled with interesting varieties of teas, I tried a refreshing 'Loopy Lapsang' followed with a more traditional 'Bricks and Mortar' builder's style tea, the combination leads to a consistently busy establishment. Open every day (9am - 6pm). Take heed of the transfers that layer the cafe's windows, namley reading: 'It's no good standing out there gasping, my darlings...The teas ready', get inside and sample some or Loopy Lorna's offerings, after all your supporting one of Britain's many quaint traditions.
3	I was excited to visit this cake and tea shop in Morningside. It's a very cute little cafe, perfect for a girlie get together, and has lots of yummy teas (and adorable tea cuddys) and a beautiful selection of cakes, scones and tarts. You can even get a proper tea with sandwiches and their food is really good, I particularly liked their carrot and coriander soup if its on offer.The space between the tables is very small, and if this place is crowded it can be a bit cramped. It is extremely popular on weekend afternoons and they don't accept bookings either so you might have to wait a bit to get a table. Their cakes, although they look amazingly impressive and colourful have far too much sweet icing for my taste as most of my plate was basically just that.- pure coloured sugars. Take note that this is no cheap place- however tempting the menu if you are on a budget then this is not your ideal place to get a cuppa.However, this place is adorable and great as I mentioned for a girlie get together. I took my friend here for her birthday for a proper tea and she loved it!
4	This is such a cool little cafe! It's really quirky, funky, trendy and all the other words ending in 'y' you can think of! It is so refreshing to have such a cool cafe in Edinburgh, although it is a little out of the way.They have a great menu for breakfast and lunch, but I've only ever gone for a coffee and a cake. And good golly, is it good cake. It's practically enough for lunch!!I can HIGHLY recommend their scones - all made to order and nice and toasty. you can have anything you want with them - good ole cream and jam or a little more adventurous peanutbutter and jam. My mouth is watering as I write this.Infact, I'm off to Lorna's. Meet you there!
4	There is nothing quite like bucking the trend and going for a traditional british tea shop, not a chain american coffe place. Loopy Lorna's is a pretty interesting place (read quirky/a bit odd), and to be honest I wasnt taken by the decor. However, Loopy Lorna's redeems itself with scones and cake and tea. All very british yes, and exceedingly good too (or is that another british institution cake maker?). If I had one complaint it would be that its a bit out of the way, but i suppose its just a local cafe that happens to have such good cake that it has city wide appeal. Unlucky for us who dont live in morningside. But there are buses, and that scone, jam and cream wont eat itself!
5	If Anteaques drags it's customers back to the 1930s to 1950s, Loopy Lorna's transports them to the mad hatter's tea party. A fabulously kitsch tea room, it has giant tea pots painted on the exterior, blue and white clouds painted on the ceiling and shocking pink tablecloths. The playfulness doesn't stop at the interior either, the tea is served in mis-matching vintage crockery, the tea-pots come with knitted covers and the cupcakes are decorated with almost luminous icing. To top it off, they usually have fun music playing and the staff seem genuinely happy to be working there. As for the menu, Loopy Lorna's offers hungry customers a selection of soup, salads, sandwiches, full breakfasts, scones and homemade cakes. Prices are pretty expensive for an independent cafe but the portions are generous and filling. The cupcakes and doughnuts looked too day-glow for my taste but the battenberg and apple pie were both pretty good. Next time, I might even try the tea...5 stars for ambience and fun4 stars for cakes
3	The cafe equivalent the guy who turns up at the office in a Hawaiian shirt and sits in a bath of baked beans during Comic Relief, Loopy Lorna's may be a far more interesting coffee shop than most, but sadly, it has the type of character I just find irritating.It's Johnny Depp, it's the word "random" used continually and out of context, it's a cupcake with pink icing and glitter on top of it, it's someone who says "My MacBook" rather than "My Computer".It's not bad, at all. It's just not for me.
4	This tearoom/cafe/cake haven is charming, heartwarming and just lovely in general. The decor achieves a balance of modern, quirky and comfortable and there are cute tea-cosies to ooh and ahh over.It is always busy whenever I pass but the staff were very accomodating and we were seated quickly. The service was really efficient and friendly and the staff seem genuinely happy to be working there. I would be happy to be working there too, however you'd have to roll me in and out because the variety of cakes on offer is obscene! There's everything from colourful tray bakes, massive sponges, cheesecakes and fruit tarts. Allow for a good 15 minutes at least for looking over them and trying to decide what you want, if you are a sweet tooth like me you will be in heaven.I don't like tea or coffe but my Dad and Stepmum really enjoyed theirs and despite there being a wide choice the place is very unpretentious so if you just ask for a coffee that's what they'll bring you, no questions about foam, marshmallows or rainbows on top.I had a yummy sweet chilli chicken sandwich with a nicely dressed salad on the side and my Dad and Stepmum loved their lentil dahl. However it was our cakes that really took the proverbial biscuit - I had good old apple pie, my Stepmum had the best mandarin cheesecake I have ever tasted and Dad had an enormous wedge of orange and almond cake.Another thing I loved about Loppy Lorna's was the mix of people in there. There were couples, friends, families and lots of kids and everyone was just really enjoying themselves, it has a real homely, welcoming atmosphere.
2	I had been absolutely dying to visit Loopy Lorna's - an eccentric tea room burstin' with character? Oh yes, I am so very much there. Eventually. It's been a bookmark for long enough that eventually that the boy finally took me there on Saturday after a week drowning in flu-bugs. So perhaps all the anticpation lead to this being a little bit of an anti-climax for me. When I arrived, LL's was heaving - and this was after the lunchtime rush and heading into high tea season. We both ordered the soup of the day - leek and potato with a hunk of fresh wholemeal bread. Extremely underseasoned, but once brought up to my tastebuds approval, it was pleasant enough. I washed it down with a small pot of detox tea - a small pot that barely provided two cups for four quid. Detox tea - interesting flavour, had me craving a slice of apple to throw into the mix. Finally, we both went for a slice of cake - he had the Victoria sponge, I had the lemon poppyseed. The lemon cake was overpowering with lemon flavouring frmo the half inch thick icing. I can't believe I am saying this but in this particular cake's case - less really should have been more. A large chunk of cake, all too sparing on the poppyseed and too much lemon left me less than impressed. The Victoria sponge was much better - a lighter sponge but still a heavy hand with the icing. With slices as generous as here, it is a little too much for one to eat on their own. These are cakes that belong in a dollshouse but in reality just are too much too handle.The boy also had a hot chocolate - apparently amazing, if you like your chocolate molten and with marshmallows and Flake. The waitresses also do a pretty good job of canvassing the area to keep an eye on their customers.All this for 26 quid. I gotta say - I begrudged it for soup and cake. The atmosphere was busy busy busy and customers are crammed in where possible - doesn't make for a comfortable dining experience. I like my tea slow and chilled - there isn't the caffeinated rush rush rush around of a coffee stop. I worried my ass or someone elses was going to come a cropper (S's hot chocolate was in danger of flying at one point) with a misplaced teaspoon or plate. Would I rush back? Probably not, I've been to better places that didn't take such a hit on my wallet and left me in a much higher state of consciousness than Lorna's did. More style than substance, unfortunately.
