5	Roots IS GREAT. The staff is incredibly personable, the coffee is consistently amazing, and the atmosphere is organic without being pretentious. Free wi-fi is an added bonus. This is the best coffeehouse in Cave Creek/Carefree!
4	Stopped in for an iced coffee today and was so happy I did, and not just because I desperately needed caffiene! Oh, sweet caffiene... Anyways, the girl working was super friendly, and the place had a nice laid back feel. The coffee was really good, and I actually liked it rather than just choking it down to get the caffiene in my bloodstream.  Mmm, caffiene....I will be back- every Tuesday/Thursday morning!
4	Coffee was good here - I had the Black & Tan.  Smoothies are rich too.  New feel to this place, clean, modern, but not many seats inside.  Parking is good.
1	Northeast Valley coffee consumers beware! Roots Coffeehouse recently changed hands and is under new ownership! The new owner cares about nothing more than money! He hires disrespectful employees and invites them to treat customers like crap!On my most recent visit - which will also be my last - my 60-year-old mother and I were insulted by a young female employee. The owner's behavior was even more offensive, defending his employee's crude conduct with a blatant disregard for decency.Avoid Roots Coffeehouse like the plague unless you are a glutton for punishment! Better coffee and friendlier service is right around the corner at Starbucks, 29834 N. Cave Creek Road.
5	Great drinks, nice staff, really like the atmosphere. I've tried several different coffee based drinks, and all were good but the Red Bull strawberry smoothie is the hands down winner.Had the oatmeal for breakfast this morning, some great toppings, very fresh fruit; all fantastic.  On a whim grabbed a yogurt/fruit parfait, it was excellent.I've yet to have anything that wasn't fantastic from Roots, and everyone has always been very friendly.  Seems like they recently added some new furniture, not that it was lacking before but the giant couch is a welcome addition.
1	Coffee is ok staff is soooo rude. The pastries they sell taste like they are 2 weeks old...hard and stale. Also, for two pastries and two coffees it was over $13.00. Such a rip off!!! I'm never going to this place again.
5	Fun after-school stop for me and my daughter. Iced Coffee was so good and she got a chocolate muffin which looked good. I'm happy to see they also carry gluten free baked goods. The guy working was really sweet and let us stay and hang out past 4(closing time) and didn't rush us at all. They almost should stay open until 5 though since it was so busy right around closing time.I've been here twice before and both those times were great too. Friendly staff, cozy seating and great coffee and treats!
4	Yummy coffee. Super nice staff. Nice cozy coffeehouse. If I lived closer, I would be back more often. :)
5	unfortunately they have CLOSED
2	Roots has changed owners like the Kardasians change men.  Now they are some sort of Hawiian fruit smoothey and coffee place.  Hope they make it but it looks like this might be their last desperate hurrah to make a profit.  Rent is probably the killer in that shopping center.  They need to find a cheaper place if they are going to make it.GO NOW because they might not be there in three months.
4	As of summer 2014 Roots is under new management - YAY!  Staff is so friendly.  If you havent been there in a while - revisit b/c as 2011 reviews state - staff was rude.  Yes, they now have Buba Tea, but this is a Coffee Shop not some "hawaiian fruit smoothey" place.  Love having a local coffee shop that I enjoy going to again!  They also have iced tea and a reward card - buy 5 get your 6th drink free.
2	YELP IS WRONG AGAIN! This place closes early. Not , 8pm as YELP erroneously states but 6pm. So forget coffee after work or dinner.
4	I didn't have a bad experience. Just had tea and spent time at a table. No one else came into the shop although I was there around lunch. It seems like a nice place and deserves a chance. The employee was friendly.
