4	If you like greasy truck stop-esque food (like me) you'll LOVE The Waffle House.  And I can not recommend the Hash Browns enough! Yum!
5	I love Waffle House!I grew up around the corner from the original Waffle House near Atlanta.The eggs are always cook perfectly.  The hashbrowns are out of this world!  The sandwiches are yummy.The best part is the waffle.  You can add pecans or chocolate chips.  You also have your choice as to the kind of waffle you get.It is yummy, yummy!
3	Ohhh, what I wouldn't give for Waffle House to come to NY.  Maybe there is one, somewhere in the hinterland, where lumberjacks go to calorie up before a day of log hauling, but 'round NYC there is nowhere to go for hash browns 7 different ways including smothered and ALL THE WAY.  There is no place that has such perfect sausage gravy, such friendly servers, all of whom seem like they should have a sitcom named after them ("Verle", "Sherrie", "Mame", and that is just in one location!), no place where eating well and being full at the expense of your cardiovascular system is taken as seriously.  You can have your Cracker Barrels and your IHOPs and your White Castles, but a patty melt with bacon, sausage gravy on hash browns and a bowl of cheese grits at the Waffle House is really heaven on earth.I haven't been in one since college in Bloomington, Indiana, where a WH walking distance from my apartment was the first place we would go after a night of too much drinking when we were hungover...I would get a Reuben sandwich and my roommate would have an omelette.  It appears that Reubens no longer appear on the menu, but the food is as good as I remember, the coffee is as weak, and they are all still open 24 hours.  I saw a Phoenix one from the highway as we tried to find Roberto's, and we made a special trip out there the following day so I could have my sausage gravy.  I have no idea if this is the actual one I went to, but they're all about the same thing--cheap good food.Everything is made with love!  You'll love it here.
