5	All of the staff we spoke to today we're helpful and are very knowledgable. Ang was awesome! No-pressure to buy. Lots of conversation about the type of riding we were planning to do and physical issues we were being mindful of (lumbar/lower vertebrae issues). Prices are on-par for the types of bikes they carry. There are plenty of accessories (helmets, bells, shorts, water bottles, etc.). The parking lot is a great area to test out the bikes and see what works best for you or your little ones (yes, they have kids bikes).
5	All of the staff we spoke to today we're helpful and are very knowledgable. Ang was awesome! No-pressure to buy. Lots of conversation about the type of riding we were planning to do and physical issues we were being mindful of (lumbar/lower vertebrae issues). Prices are on-par for the types of bikes they carry. There are plenty of accessories (helmets, bells, shorts, water bottles, etc.). The parking lot is a great area to test out the bikes and see what works best for you or your little ones (yes, they have kids bikes).(Update: 1 week later) My husband has been loving his bike! My bike, however, was supposed to be in from the California warehouse on Thurs. Ang was great and called to tell me that not only was my bike not in, but they had no info on when it would be in. She offered to put me on a woman's model if I wanted to ride sooner rather than later, but I opted to wait for my bike. As irked as I am of not having my bike, I really appreciated the call and the fact that there was no bullshitting or beating around the bush.
5	This store has great service!  They even have a trade in program.  I recommend this store to all of my cycle buddies!
5	I do not have a lot of disposable income and bicycling can quickly become a very expensive endeavor. That said, I stopped by the this location because it's the only bike shop on my commute to work. I ride an old Schwinn Traveler from the 80's so I wasn't hopeful that they would be able to help me let alone be willing. However, they were amazing. A-MA-ZING! They took the time to explain everything to me didn't overcharge for what turned out to be a simple fix. They charge $7.50 to put a new tire on and although this is something I could do myself, I'm going to have them do it for me because they earned my business. Great place. Management if you're reading this, I don't know his name, but the tech behind the counter on the morning of 7/22/14 needs a raise. He's awesome!
5	Can't say enough good things about this place! After buying a bike from a surplus warehouse and spending far more than the 45 minutes estimated to connect the brakes I brought my bike here. Off the bat they charged less than half of the advertised $40 on their website when I dropped it off. When I picked it up they had set up the brakes, inflated the tires and straightened the front tire (that may have been bent while I was wrestling with the brake system earlier) all free of charge. Really nice guys! I will definitely be bringing my bike here for all future anticipated problems!
5	I bought a cheap bike from a chain store being my first bike and all. I really like the bike but the bike tire kept busting for no apparent reason. The chain store just kept replacing it with the same tube and the problem kept occurring. Took it here frustrated, just wanting to ride without a tire blowing, and they replaced it with the correct tube and explained why it kept happening. Has been good so far for several rides. Was in and out in 10 minutes and was quite cheaper than I expected. Very helpful!
