5	Pigeons were nesting under the eave of our patio cover.  I phoned New Solutions and talked to Colby, the owner.  He came to my home that afternoon, and gave me a free estimate. He had a plan to get rid of the pigeons that were nesting, and also the ones that were using our roof for perching.  He is a conscientious professional, and completed the job in a timely manner.  The steel cage wiring he used was not the same color as our trim, so he painted the wiring to match, with paint we had left over.  My rating of this business is five stars.
5	I came home one day and noticed my casita had a layer of bees that was larger then a basketball on the outside wall. I googled all kinds of info to see what I should do as I figured I could get rid of them myself. WRONG. After looking at all the local pest control websites that said they could remove bees I called Coby. I called him first because his website talked about the bees and didn't try to convince you that the bees would kill you like the other guys websites advertised. I called on a Friday evening at like 6 or 7 PM and COBY ANSWERED the phone. We talked and he said he would be out the next day, Saturday, to take care of the problem. He showed up the next day, put on the bee suit and got rid of those buggers. It turned out they were the Africanized bees that are pretty nasty when you try to move them. (They really do attack you when you mess with them. The first wave made me run in  the house. Very aggressive little suckers). After Coby was able to remove the layer of bees on the wall it turned out the construction people had left a LITTLE hole in the side of my casita that the bees used to start a nest. They could not have been there more then a matter of days but there were already several hundred bees hanging out. Not kewl.After getting rid of the bees Coby plugged the hole and treated the area so the bees that were out of the nest would not hang around anymore when they came back.GREAT job, reasonable price and Coby was a pleasure to deal with. For ANY pest problem i would give him a call for sure. FIVE star job.
5	I have been using New Solutions Pest Control for about 2 years now.  I have had various pest control companies throughout my 30+ years in the Las Vegas/Henderson valley and never had the level of quality, service and professionalism this company exhibits.  They are family-owned and operated and genuinely care about handling your pest control needs with the utmost care and efficiency.  They are not some large corporation that only cares about the bottom line.  I used to see some bugs, both dead and alive with my prior pest control companies.  Since switching to New Solutions Pest Control, I haven't seen a single pest in both of my Las Vegas valley properties.  I strongly recommend you contact New Solutions Pest Control for ANY pest problem that you are encountering and also have them regularly service your property to keep the pests away!!
5	great service, honest staff. they got rid of my Ant problem after I tried to remedy myself for years
5	We had an infestation of African bees.  We're talking over 2000 lodging in our retaining wall!  We called New Solutions and they came that night to assess the problem.  He checked with neighbors and spent an hour at our house explaining what needed to be done.  The next day Coby came out he fixed our walls, handled the bee problem found some undesirable spiders and more.  He was fast, experienced, and a wonderful person...plus he was VERY reasonably priced.  I would recommend him to anyone.
5	Very happy customer! Only lived in area for past year, when summer hit I noticed water bugs, crickets, and ants seem to come out of no where. I called and was surprised they could come out same day.  My house was sprayed on 6/16 and the very next day.... No bugs! This is pretty awesome considering they seemed to be everywhere at night and the ants were taking over room by room.  9 days later and we are still bug free. I would recommend these guys to anyone.
