4	After having a terrible experience with Just Brakes I decided to get a second opinion from this business. I found out that my repairs were actually half of what I previously quoted. I will be returning to this place for future brake needs.
5	I have been to this store with two different cars over the years.  The car I took in today has always been to the dealer because I have free oil changes.  The brakes needed service according to the dealer, but I did not want to drive into downtown PHX.  Brake Masters took a look and said that I didn't need new pads, just resurfacing of the disc rotors.  The dealer would have told me new pads and rotors.  $189 at Brake Masters, over $600 at the dealer for work that was not necessary.
5	Quick, friendly, and reliable! I usually get my oil changed at Walmart for the convenience, but sometimes I get a coupon via text (yes, I signed up for these so it's okay), or sometimes I need other services for my car. They are close by and I always get right in. I'm glad I went in this day... Walmart had a line and the text deal was great at $17.95! Brake Masters got me right in. Oh, they also noticed a belt was going bad. I thought maybe they were trying to up sell me, but the mechanic brought the old belt in for me to check it out (I didn't ask him to, but it brought peace of mind!). Unrelated to the actual service, the water from the fountain was so good! Tap water in AZ is pretty nasty so whatever filters they have work wonders, lol. AND the energy drink was a nice touch to my day. Thanks!
3	Prices were competitive. No problems with service except when I called I was quoted $89 and then later was given a different price ($125.) When I asked about the discrepancy they 2nd guy said the first quote was for a subpar product (pads) and he did not recommend using that product. I would prefer that additional counsel during my first quote. I felt this practice was a little shady. Also, their hours are only until 5:30pm. For a service industry this seems insufficient. It definitely was for me. I had difficulty coordinating with their limited schedule and had to coordinate rides to leave my vehicle overnight.
5	So, I had to get some brake work done and found out my rotors needed to be replaced as well. I was tight on money at the time so he gave me a breakdown of what % I had left on both my front and back brakes. Went with the immediate needed brakes in the back and the rotors and agreed I would be back in 2 wks for the front ones which still had some time on them. i appreciate when I don't get the run around.... go figure right? People actually appreciate honesty and not getting hustled for their money ! Anyway, they were super helpful and had me in and out in no time. I will be back for those front brakes.... damn cars.
5	Popped by without an appointment. Gordon and team was cordial at the least.Price quoted was the price charged.Gordon went through with me the result of 21 point inspection. Repairs were completed at promised time.The place was clean and organised.Was allowed to used my student discount.Will recommend, and will return again!^_^Xx
4	We didn't have a great experience last time we went to this shop about two years ago.  We decided, against our better judgement, that we would give them another try mostly because we still had warranty on the brake pads.  The new manager (I forget his name), was very knowledeable and professional. He helped us out and got us on our way.
5	Went in to get my allignment taken care of. Every time ive gone they have taken great care of me and my car. Definitely recommend if you like great prices and friendly staff. Also, plenty of places to grab a bite or hang out while your waiting.
5	I've been bringing my car into Brake Masters for simple oil changes for years! Never an issue... Actually, they've always been the ones to let me know an issue may be coming in the near future. Never pushing to repair or digging deeper into my pockets - always simply giving me a heads up in case I decide to repair. Yesterday a bad battery AND alternator left me stranded on the highway with my newly purchased SUV. I requested Brake Masters install my provided replacement alternator, to which they agreed and did successfully. It was in the midst of the replacement job that Brake Masters went above and beyond. Autozone -- where I bought the alternator -- charged me for the correct part and supplied me with the wrong one. Jason at BM took care of all the transferring and switching needed to get the alternator in the building so the car would be ready for me before closing. I will definitely be back for anything else I need in the future. Thank you, BM.
1	I'm going to call these guys out... Very disappointed in the customer service I received. The guy at the front desk made it very clear that he did not want to be there bright and early on a Saturday morning. He literally called a customer a "fucking prick" after the customer walked out of the door and continued to talk smack about the customer TO ME and to his co-workers in the shop. I'm all for transparency, but seriously guys!? At least talk trash about customers not in front of other customers. It seems like common sense to me. Not a pleasant experience this Saturday morning. I normally go to the brake masters in Queen Creek and they have always been great. I think I'll stick with them from now on, if I decide to support brake masters at all in the future.
1	If there is a option, I would give them zero star. Took my car there for simple oil change last Saturday. This Monday I found my car is dripping oil. Took the car back, they show me there is a crack on the oil pan and asked me if I hit something. I was like you guys broke my oil pan and try to blame on me. They said it cost over 300 bucks to fix the pan. No thank you. I cannot believe that. Now I have to paid over 300 bucks for what it would be just a simple oil change. Do yourself a favor and stay away from these guys.
1	I have 4 cars I've been taking to Brake Masters for years. I have had to keep my eye on them with the pricing and the quality of service. You'd think they would value my business with the thousands of work every year I send them. Well I took my truck in for an alignment and the quoted me $3000 for some work I did in my driveway for $600 including paying a helper. They wanted $610 for an upper control arm assemble that cost me $100 at Autozone. I'm never going there again and I will make it a point to call them out in person.
