5	Out of all of the 'bertos and 'andos in the valley, Rolando's is easily my favorite. It is exactly what you expect from the cheap, greasy Mexican joint down the street. The food is fast, hot, cheap, delicious and horrible for you. The building leaves something to be desired, they don't take anything but cash and the bathrooms....wow, but the food more than makes up for it. In particular I recommend the Super Nachos or the Potatoes Bacon Egg & Cheese burrito, both doused in red sauce. Unfortunately they close at midnight now, but I've left the bar early just to get here. It's that good.
4	Rolando's occupies a former Taco Bell carcass and has been here for ten years.  Why have I been missing this place?  I'm not afraid of dingy booths and a CASH ONLY sign!They may look like one of your typical indie mexican fast foods with the big white menu board with red and green letters, but they really served up some delicious food when I stopped in for some takeout this weekend.Two friendly dudes were running the show, and one of them was even wearing a chef's coat.  I thought it was silly at first, but not after tasting the cuisine they plated up in styrofoam showcase boxes.Shredded chicken tacos, even with a fried, hard shell, were not the least bit greasy, and even though they fell apart while eating them I was able to fork up every single bit of the remains without dodging any greasy or fatty bits (NO DISCARD PILE!).   The same applied to soft corn shell carne asada tacos, with fresh made guacamole and tomatoey-onioney-cilantroey pico de gallo.  I didn't have the beans, but even they didn't look greasy at all, and the rice was fluffy and light, if a bit on the bland side.The 'green' sauce was absolutely yummy, with enough spiciness but flavorful heat, not show-off heat.Rolando's having a guy in a chef's coat is no joke; this is mexican fast food at its finest and for cheap, too!  Spending less than $14 on two full combos meant plenty left over for some Stone IPA to wash it down.
3	Have passed by this place for years but was finally taken by a friend who claimed this as her favourite. Dingy with a CASH ONLY! sign seems kind of dodgy but it's kept up to standards and passes all the food inspections, so don't let the oldness of it scare you away. I ordered a quesadilla, 1/2 pint of rice, and three rolled tacos and all were fresh, hot, and delicious. The quesadilla was also bigger than your average tortilla so that's a bonus. Everything totaled to around $6 which is a bit more than your average Taco Bell but a lot better tasting - you get what you pay for!
4	We have been going here for years.  Our little neighborhood, hidden treasure.  The food is authentic, large portions, and they make it quickly while you wait.  Former taco bell building.  No ambience but nothing bad either.  Great prices for the quantity.  Wish they had a drive thru.
5	After reading reviews here, I had to try this place!!! I have to say the food here is GREAT!!! I have to agree with all the reviews here as it being the best fast food mex. of any in the the valley!!! Friendly guys working there also!!!
4	quick, clean, fast   good value which gets the basics right  and beats out the place on 43rd / Cactus handily both in speed and taste.  The beans and rice aren't just required filler they're actually good accompaniments to the meal.   No frills,cash only and  not the easiest place to get in and out off ( then again neither is the new In and Out on Cactus)
4	Still great.  Bought the Rolando's special breakfast burrito this morning.  Asked him to cut it in half.  I ate the first half with their homemade green sauce for breakfast and will eat the second half for dinner.  It's that big for $5.
5	I've been searching the valley for three years now to find some amazing mexican that tastes like home.  After Bisteces turned Cuban, I was certain Fiesta Burrito in South Scottsdale was the best the valley could do (still go there).  I was wrong.  This place is an old Taco Bell (+ 3pts right there), they take cash only, and you won't even need a lot of it!  The tacos are huge, the cheese is not cheddar, the green sauce is perfect, the carne asade doesn't have any suspicious chunks, and their beans are even amazing!  It's a hidden gem that hits the spot every time; if you're from California, you'll definitely appreciate it.
3	The breakfast burritos are great.  Not cheap with the fixin's and the tortilla isn't all wet from the eggs 5 STARSThe chicken tacos are disgusting.  It tastes like awful chicken chow mein on a hard taco.  0 STARS
5	This little hole in the wall restaurant is my absolute favorite place to eat Mexican food in the entire valley! The breakfast burritos simply cannot be beat, the carne asada is delicious, and the tacos are to die for. It is definitely worth the 30 minute drive for me to get to. Probably a good thing it isn't any closer though... I'd be there every day :-)
4	It was 10:30pm and I have been here less than a week. As I'm wandering down roads with no direction, all I see is the usual fast food joints, but finally I eyed a hole in the wall and after two U-turns I made my way into the drive-thru via a narrow alleyway very similiar to a joint in Vegas that also had good Mexican fare. I ordered through the usual garbled audio system at the drive through and asked for double rice to replace my side of beans - no problem. The two beef tacos were really tasty - the taco shells were as crisp as possible, but did not break apart when you bit into the tender shredded beef that was inside. Simply adorned with cheese and lettuce, the green sauce took these tacos to a new level. It wasn't spicy, but had a great taste that kicked up the tacos flavor (jalapeno probably). Will be back for breakfast, but if your sick of the usual fast food, try to make your way here for some good real tacos.
3	It is a hole in the wall Mexican fast food eatery. I've never made the choice to eat there while sober. When I'm choosing off of the menu I try to play it safe and order something easy to make that doesn't spoil quickly. It is dirty and the service is sub-par; however, this restaurant is not trying to make itself out to be anything more than it is.
4	Of the non-chain Mexican food places in my area, this is the closest to where I live but it took me a few years to finally try it out. That's because it doesn't have the flashy signs and banners that the other places have, and because the small, somewhat run-down building fades into the background of the countless business and food establishments in the area. But while it serves standard small Mexican food joint fare, the food here is good; not exactly fast food, as it took a while for me to get what I ordered, but the quality is a tad above that of the ubiquitous 'Berto-type  restaurants of the Valley.
4	Great small local authentic Mexican food joint! Average prices for this type of restaurant, great quality food. I go here so much the guys here know my order already :P Great for a quick lunch or dinner and good portion sizes. This place definitely gets me my Mexican fix :D
5	I totally agree with Jonathan W's post back from 08/12/2008.  I have eaten here 40 times over 8 years.  I work in the area, stop in for lunch, grab a breakfast burrito often.  The very best machaca burrito in Phx, hands down.  Great red salsa.  The place is an old  dive but mostly clean... the food is outstanding, steaming hot, always quick and a very good value!  Exactly what you'd expect from a perfect dive mom and pop Mexican food place!  Never had a bad experience!
5	well been going here for years,still go at least 2 or 3 times a month,my youngest son is in the army,and ever time he is in town the first place he wants to go is rolando's,and the last place he goes when leaving town is rolandos,always the same carne asada burrito,de carne asada tacos are great to,if and when you go here,and if you dont try it you lose,try something carne asada,and if you do not like it, i would have to say do not ever order carne asada any where because you just dont like carne asada ,yes it looks like a dump,but guess what they made the deans list the last two times they went therech 5
1	My food was covered in cheese! No flavor just salty and plain!
5	Rolandos breakfast burrito, hot, made with fresh eggs and very tasty.  The potatoes were cooked(sounds weird but I have had burritos with hard uncooked chunks) the bacon crispy and it didn't have the usual puddle of drippins in the wrapper when done eating.  Definite go back
5	Yes!!!!! Rolando's is EXCELLENT. Carne asada is to die for and I have recently been on a fish taco binge. Really tasty mexican food but you wouldn't bring your mother here for a nice sit down lunch. If you are in the area (even if you are not in the area) and want some awesome messican food this is the place to go.
4	Carne asada fries are fantastic! There tacos a delicious as well. Staff is always polite. Been coming here for about a year and I will continue to. Probably my only complaint would be they only take cash which is sometimes inconvenient but it's not that big of a problem. Definitely check this place out if you want cheap but delicious Mexican food.
5	i love it!!!chile releno the best!!!
5	I've been coming here for years, and have never once been served bad food, or had bad service. My personal love is the Rolando's breakfast burrito, a log of deliciousness that can easily serve as two meals!Everything on the menu is delicious, from the carne asada to the chorizo, but definitely get the breakfast burrito, you can thank me later.
4	I'll admit it - I was a bit concerned about grabbing lunch here.  The neighborhood is fine but the place is a bit rundown. But when you walk in the door the smell of fresh Mexican food draws you to the ordering window.We had a Chicken burrito, a Carne Asada burrito and an Adobada (marinated pork) burrito.The Carne Asada and Adobada were terrific.  Just the right amount of everything.  The chicken burrito was a bit bland.  It was fine, but you might want to dump a lot of salsa on it to spice it up a bit.The prices are more than reasonable.  Burritos go from $3.25 to $4.25.  Combinations are a few dollars more and the tacos are all under $3.In case you miss the huge sign - it's cash only so come prepared.
5	They know it. I will never eat Mexican food anywhere else in AZ. I dreamt about their food while at basic training. All the burritos, the chimi. They know my voice when I call.
4	The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is the fact that it's pretty run down.  Apart from that, the food is consistently amazing and the staff is super friendly.  I go here for lunch probably more often than I should, but the food's so fresh I can't help it.  My favorites so far are the Chicken Enchiladas and the Tacos Adobadas.  The latter are downright revelatory!  The Beef Burrito's really good too, though!    I'm not even close to finished trying everything here, but I aim to try it all.  I've yet to introduce a friend or coworker to this place who hasn't loved it.
2	Tried it for the first time tonight. I guess my expectations were set too high by all the reviews I read. I order cheese enchiladas and the cheese was NOT melted inside. I also ordered a bean burrito and the beans were very good. The guy taking orders was not very friendly at all.
