4	There's something quite delicious about Lush, isn't there?!They have the most amazing bath salts and lip-balms and bath bombs and shower gels and anything that makes your body look and smell delicious!My mouth is watering just thinking about it.The best thing about Lush is their chocolate lip-balm, it's one of the best i've ever used and tasted delicious!The staff are really friendly here too, happy to help and the proof is in the pudding - they're all beautiful!
4	After moaning about Lush in pretty much every other Lush review I've ever done, I found myself caving in and heading in here for a birthday present last week. It wasn't such a cop out as my friend had specifically asked for Lush treats as it's her favourite store. I ended up getting her a selection of goodies including a soap that smelled like fudge, a honey smelling soap and a couple of bath bombs. They were beautifully wrapped up in a box and looked much better than I could have done! As I'm not a great fan of Lush I fail to see the fascination my friend has with it, but I did receive excellent customer service by the friendly staff here. I got what I came in for and left a happy bunny.I have to admit, it does smell great but I wonder if the shop assistants are haunted by the smell wherever they go. It must play havoc with the old sinuses. There are worse smelling smells to be haunted by though...HOT TIP: If you're in any Lush branch and feeling a little low, give the bath jelly a good slap, guaranteed to cheer you up.
3	In my mind, I'm a great fan of Lush, but when it comes down to it, I'm constantly questioning the point of half of their products.Is there really a point in all these bath balls, and moisturizers you've got to rub on your skin like a stone until they melt? I've spent an hour or so at Lush, and the only thing that makes sense to me are their moisturizers. I'm a great fan of their Dream Cream, and it was a sad day when a quarter of it was confiscated at the airport. What Lush does have going for it, however, is the lack of unnecessary chemical ingredients. They're a great proponent of natural ingredients, and you'll find cocoa butter, almond oil, and shea butter in many of their products. Additionally, the smell can be quite alluring, but once you're actually in a Lush store, it's a little bit overwhelming! If getting down to the Ocean Drive is a little too much of a hassle, there's a Lush store on Princes Street and all you have to do is smell you way there, seriously.
