5	They have the best prices, and very nice employees. Sarah is a great graphic designer. And she is easy to work with and gets you excactly what your looking for.
5	Do you perhaps have something you need printed in a short period of time?How about something that you are being quoted more than the down payment on your car for?Or what about something that you've already had printed last minute but then need a correction because of your own mistake... even more last minute?Luckily for people here in the valley with a printing fiasco on your hands, you can go to International Minute Press (heck maybe anyone anywhere can use them with that name).  While I might not know about the "international" part, I do know about the "minute" part and love them for it. They should also have "incredibly reasonable prices for high quality work" in their name too... however I don't think that would fit on the building that well so I can see why they would leave it out.This business completely saved my tail and it has become a running joke with a coworker and I when we think we messed something up, or need something impossible... "oh just call International Minute Press, they will calmly tell us they can have it done in minutes for $1.97" Yeah, they are that good.They were very helpful on the phone and the process of pick up was essentially seamless. They are fairly conveniently located in the Papago strip mall by that Sky Song spot and are very responsive to requests via phone/email. They also have no problems doing individualized small batch orders and go above and beyond to watch out for errors (notifying me of what they thought could be a typo in a name etc).  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to get things professionally printed ie name tags, flyers, signs, invitations and the like.
5	I love this printing company. Impress AZ, branch of the national franchise, International Minute Press does very well with the mom and pop shop feel with the personalized service. The 2 sisters Darla and Sarah run the front end and always provide superior customer service. The turn time on bulk copies and flyers is fantastic. I've been using this reputable company for 2 years and the product quality is consistently excellent. As a regular, they know and understand my service needs and timeframes. They always exceed my expectations.
