2	You know how the commercial says "Open Til Midnight Or Later" and then there's a little asterisk and nearly illegible text at the bottom of the screen in 1pt font that says "Participating locations only"This is not a participating location.  :(
2	Newer, cleaner Taco Bell than most.  Decent parking too, and not exactly a lot of riff-raff customers like many Taco Bells.  Easy to see on the south/west side of the road.
3	When I'm in a hurry, there's nothing like grabbing a Cheesy Bean & Rice Burrito and a 7 Layer Burrito from Taco Bell.  Yes, I would prefer more authentic Mexican food, but sometimes my schedule doesn't allow for that.This particular location is clean and the employees here are very friendly.  They get my order right every time and as a bonus, they have their Hot Sauce out in the open for you to grab as many as you want.  They also have the newer Sauces.....Chipotle and Green Sauce.Return Factor - 100%
3	As I've mentioned in my Yelp Tip -- they may be slow at times, but they excel at getting the order right!This Taco Bell opened about five years ago and can be occasionaly slow.  But I'll take slower service every time, if they get the order correct.  It's not rocket science. But for some reason over the years fast food places started focusing on the fast element. At the expense of the experience.Yeah, I know this is minor stuff.  But how many of us have left a drive-thru window, gotten all the way home and found someone else order in the bag?  Or, an order just totally wrong? Since we do not live nearby, the idea of driving all the way back... well just frosts me.So don't honk.  Don't get impatient.  Just enjoy the view of the tail lights in front of you, knowing that this is a safe place that you won't have to revisit in fifteen minutes.  BTW, the inside is very modern and immaculate. So, Three Stars "A-OK".
1	I'm pretty sure the speaker is broken or the employees are just poor listeners because the past 3 times I've gone here (over a two year time frame), they've gotten my order completely wrong. Normally, I wouldn't be so cross about a wrong order, but I don't realize it till I get home.Also, they have the weakest churros I've ever had. It's just dough and nothing else.
3	The food is always correct which is great because I always special order without onions. Quintin, the employee in the drive thru, could use a class in manners though. I understand it was lunch hour but a smile and a simple thank you would have been nice.
1	Simple order. Nachos bell grande with no tomatoes and asked to substitute beef with beans. What did I get? A regular order of nachos bell grande. This was at 8:45 at night with no customers in drive- through or inside. Apparently this was a complicated order for them. Incompetence to say the least. How hard is your job anyways?
3	Time for a review update.  They no longer serve the Cheesy Bean & Rice Burrito, so I had to substitute one of my favorite menu items with a Bean Burrito.  This is in my neighborhood, so when I'm looking for a quick meal, I stop by here.The employees working here are usually very friendly.  There's a kid that works on the weekends that's always super friendly and tries to upsell me on various new items they have....pretty funny guy.It can get busy here on Friday nights when Desert Mountain HS plays their home football games, so if you see a ton of cars and people in there on a Friday, you know what's going on.I still get my usual order....7 Layer Burrito, 2 Bean Burritos.  It's good for a quick fill up.Return Factor - 80%
3	Kyle was very helpful in the drive through and overall a nice kid. Three stars for his service, Taco Bell is Taco Bell. I don't think a yelp review is necessary in determining the food quality
