5	My wife Carrie and I had procrastinated rather badly when it came to selecting our officiant. Fortunately, I found Matt Nathanson's First Officiant website! Matt agreed to meet us on pretty short notice. We had three appointments with potential officiants that weekend, but as soon as we left that Starbucks after a half-hour meeting with Matt, we both knew he was our guy. He was obviously very intelligent, friendly, funny, charming - and yet extremely efficient. We immediately felt at ease with him, and booked him for our atheist wedding ceremony.Matt immediately went to work on our ceremony, which had a couple of odd twists and included a beer mini-ceremony. He laid out our options clearly and concisely, and we had a very easy time picking and choosing from the many choices Matt gave us in ceremony themes.On the day of the ceremony and reception, Matt arrived on time and was impeccably dressed. We didn't do - or need, apparently - a rehearsal. Matt simply took charge of the ceremony and calmly guided us, and our three "guest speakers," through the ceremony smoothly and easily. He made it seem effortless! His professionalism was beyond reproach, and the ceremony went off absolutely perfectly, without so much as a minor glitch. Matt conducted everything with just the right touch, funny at times (especially when recounting some details of our courtship) and earnest when appropriate. We couldn't have asked for a better ceremony or a better officiant!Matt was also well prepared after the ceremony for the signing of the marriage certificate, which he handled with his customary friendly efficiency. Matt's fee is very reasonable, as well, especially in light of the highly superior service he offers.Easy to work with. Totally accommodating. Perfectly professional. These phrases describe Matt Nathanson and First Officiant. Carrie and I cannot recommend him more highly!
5	Matt is wonderful! Being married by him will be like being married by an old friend. With very simple, easy, and non-invasive preparations Matt created a unique and personal wedding ceremony that was all us! The level to which you're involved in the crafting of your ceremony and the level at which Matt weaves his magic makes it the most wonderful gift you could give yourselves and one of my favorite surprises of my wedding day! I love sitting down and reading the ceremony script Matt shared, it's just as good as photos in transporting me back to that special day! All our guests complimented the unique and personal elements of our ceremony and several identified our wedding as the most wonderful and enjoyable ceremony they had ever attended. Thank you Matt for making our day so beautiful and unforgettable!
