5	Such a great dog park!  They regularly rotate 3 areas of the park for big dogs and little dogs, so if you haven't been in awhile, you might be headed to a different area.  There's a couple fruit loops that frequent this park, but I've been to other dog parks in Vegas, and there's plenty to go around.  So happy I live across the street from this joint.
4	Convenient, clean with friendly dogs and a gaggle of owners standing in the shade. They rotate the parks every couple of months so the grass can recover. It is irrigated and always green. My doggies like it, lots of sniffing and running around. Happy mutt, happy me.
4	This is an awesome dog park! The big and small dog park sides are not too restrictive and it's cool to bring your dog on either side as long as they gets along. There are few dog fights and the owners are very responsive when there is a fight. The park has lights and many people around, so it isn't scary to visit at night. As with any dog park, there is a strongly formed group of Dog Park Nazis. As always, they are   all old people with nasty attitudes and shitty comments about what your dog is doing and what they think of you as an owner. Just ignore them and you'll be fine because everyone else that comes here is really friendly and cool.The biggest problem with this dog park is the irresponsible dog owners that don't pick up their dog's shit. Seriously, the back side of the hill is disgusting. Don't go over it. There are times when I think the amount of dog shit constitutes a health hazard and I have no idea why the heath department or the parks department doesn't do something about it. That's why Kellogg receives 4 starts instead of 5.
4	First time visiting this dog park. We loved it. We got to play with some fun doggies of all sizes.The grass is a bit dead, like most of the dog parks. And there are "land mines" dropped by dogs that are ignored by their human counterparts, I haven't found a dog park where this wasn't the case, but some more than others. The large dog run that we used was nice and big with lots of room to run and sniff, even a few spots to sit and get shade. Water fountains worked and plenty of poopy bags to go around.The park is on a slope so there's a little hill for the dogs to run up and over to the fence at the other side. Why are all the really nice dog parks so far from home? Hopefully the SW area of the valley catches up with the rest, so I can stay in my hood!
5	I have to admit I am not a huge fan of dog parks because I am the crazy dog lady who worries about their well being, health, safety, etc.  It was never really an issue before with my smaller dogs but I have since added an 85 lb lab to my family and she and my current foster lab need more exercise space then my back yard can provide.  Thanks to Yelp, this was our dog park of choice last Thursday morning.  There were definitely quite a few regulars but all were very friendly and chatty.  I didn't see any waste that needed to be picked up.  It's Vegas so the grass situation is what it is so it wasn't lush green but that's to be expected.  Because of the rotation schedule of the three dog areas I was told the location I was in is not generally the large dog section.  As other reviewers said there is only a couple of benches but for the 90 minutes I was there I saw people just sitting on the grass or walking around with their dogs.  From chatting with the regulars I get the impression it gets pretty crowded in the evenings so for my sanity level I will keep this as a morning outing.
3	I don't currently have a dog but I used to take my roommates dog here a lot. It's a huge, a great place to get your dog some exercise. They have several different fenced areas for different size dogs. So little dogs do have to be intimidated by the bigger dogs. All have a doggie drinking fountain. So you don't even need to bring water. The grass is in pretty rough shape and people aren't great about picking up after their dogs, so watch out for poopie landmines.
5	Spacious and well kept dog park. I really like how they rotate the 3 dog park sections so that 1 is closed in order to maintain the grass and let it repair itself, while there are still 2 open sections for big and small dogs. So far, the far right section is my favorite small dog section, but I only have the far left side to compare. From what I can gather, pet owner's are great about picking up after their pets at this dog park and you can walk around on the grass without watching your feet with each step you take.I hope for the next rotation I will be able to visit the middle section because it looks the most spacious, but that may be solely reseved for the big dogs. I'll give an update when the rotation happens. But, for now  between the far left and far right section, the right side wins!
4	The dog park is well maintained and was pretty full of friendly dogs which is always nice but there was a lot of poo throughout which I guess goes hand in hand with a lot of dogs running around. Plus there are lazy owners who sit in lawn chairs on a hill and lord over the park.
5	I love this place. So clean so big. Amazing dog park, tennis courts and soccer fields. Love being here!
5	The best, cleanest, largest dog park that I've been to!My dog is a small 13 pound dog. She loves to run so we decided to give this park a shot. It's located on Buffalo and Washington, just off the Summerlin Parkway exit. The signs for large vs. Small dog parks were confusing but the other friendly dog owners directed us to the correct side. Compared to Desert Breeze, the dog owners here take better care in picking up after their dogs. The large dog side has more space. Both have water fountains for the dogs to drink from. Neither side has much shade or sitting areas so plan on bringing lawn chairs and hats! Make sure your dog gets plenty of water!I live 20 minutes away but will make the effort to take my dog to this park from now on.
5	We have 2 large dogs and we're thrilled about this amazing community dog park just less than a mile from our place! There's something special about heading to the dog park on a nice a cool evening and enjoying some fresh air and breeze with our 2 dog-children (Inky and Mushroom)This massive enclosed dog park is nestled inside of the huge Kellogg Zaher Recreational Park Community. It's great since the dog park is well kept - they have bench style seating inside and some are covered, also there is a human and doggy drinking fountain, the grass is actually kept up pretty well, the park is well lit at night, there is a potty bag station and trash cans. This dog park is a great size on a hill for lots of running and playing. We all really enjoyed ourselves here. Plus, the other park goers were a great crowd and pleasant as well! The dogs and their owners were courteous and friendly. Come here, let loose, exercise and be silly with your dog! It's a great bonding place for you and your dog-child ;)
4	There are three parks here, with a third always reserved for the grass to regrow. I'm pretty sure only the big dogs get the middle section. Us little guys will never know what it's like!I like this park for the slight hills. It offers a different viewpoint and some great running for my 15lb dog.Seating here is unfortunate. Three benches in the front, and it usually smells like urine around there. There's no shade, so during the summer, sunset is the time to go.Sometimes if the grass is long, it can be hard for others to notice when their dogs have gone to the bathroom, but that's life at a dog park. You shouldn't go and be surprised to find droppings. This park would be absolutely perfect if it had a walking path (guarantees you won't step in a mess!) and more shade.
5	Love this park that's close to my house! The walking, jogging, biking trail is legit at almost 2 miles for one loop. A great way to get your steps in. They have the obvious soccer fields, a jungle gym, picnic tables, the dog runs and a spot that has some exercise helpers, aka metal pipes to do push ups on and stuff. Kellogg Dog Park is my park!
5	Just recently started bringing my 2 Labradors here.  They love to play fetch and the large dog area allows ample room to do that without running into a bunch of other dogs. Everyone that frequents the park seems very nice a courteous and the staff is doing an admirable job of keeping the grass in decent shape. Benches, some covered and the water fountains for dogs and humans are great!
4	Very nice and grassy park- I wish the seating would get washed down more often or some bleacher type seating was installed- but over all very nice- people usually pick up after their dogs here.
4	very clean, well lit..only wish they had a cover for blocking the sun on some of the benches that are located in the middle of the park that way when its really sunny ur not 2 uncomfortable
5	So well done...thanks City of LV and Clark County as well...Makes Fluffy Puppies happy...Room on and off leash...
4	This is my new hang out for me and coco...i like that its enclosed and i can let her roam free. She is still getting over the fact that she is not human and its a bit of an adjustment getting used to to the other dogs but day by day she is improving. The people are mostly friendly...i will say the worst part is that people don't pick up after their dogs and i have the occasional run in with a nice steaming pile.Other then that its nearby home and is a nice change for us both.
3	Overall a good park to take your dog if you live nearby. There is a large dog side that is right next to the small dog side. The gate is right next to it so when any big dogs enter the small dogs goes nuts. That was a con. There are some seatings and one covered one. There was a guy who came with his 2 pet wolves, that was very interesting to me.
