4	When you're friends with someone who can make jewelry, you not only act as her enabler, but you exploit her for all the free handmade jewelry you can.  Thus it was, on a trip to Madison, that I cleverly took my jewelin' pal into Tropic Jewel for a quick supply run, while secretly planning to turn her into my own personal one-woman sweatshop.First I must tell you that Tropic Jewel is flippin' hot in summertime.  It's on the second story of this weird strip mall, so you not only have to haul yourself up a flight of stairs, but once you get up there, there's no A/C waiting for you.  Pause and catch your breath before heading in, because it gets stuffy in there when it's crowded.If you have any interest in jewelry-making at all, though, is this ever the place for you.  Shelves and shelves of bead trays, sorted by color, contain every kind of bead you could imagine and then some.  One whole table is devoted to pearls, natural and dyed.  In addition to smaller beads, they have large semi-precious stone pendants and even some metal pendants.  There's also a good selection of findings, tools, and kits.  I especially liked the beginners' kits, which had everything you needed to make, say, a pair of chandelier earrings or a bracelet.  Lots of times those beginners' kits are pretty lame, but these projects were actually cool things that you'd want to wear - or give as gifts.We picked out some nice coin pearls, glass beads, and other beads for me, and with my friend's help, I ended up getting three pairs of earrings for less than what one pair would have cost in a department store.  But even if you're not a jewelry expert, the staff is helpful and will answer your questions, and I believe they even hold classes there to teach beginners how to use their new purchases.If you can take the heat (it's not called Tropic Jewel for nothing), this is a nice place to browse, plan projects, or pick up a piece of finished jewelry for yourself or someone else.  It was almost enough to make me want to take up beading myself - like I need another time-sucking hobby in my life.
5	Oh Tropic Jewel. How do I love thee? Your staff is super fab and friendly, you're open later than a lot of places, everything in the store is priced fairly. I love how you sell individual beads and findings. I am always inspired, please don't ever leave me lonely. Get yourself to Tropic you will never be disappointed :)
4	A nice little bead store in downtown Madison. Tons of glass beads and a decent selection of semiprecious beads. Also, they carry lots of finished jewelry for purchase/inspiration. Helpful staff. On the downside, selection of chain and Swarovski crystals is very limited. Definitely worth stopping by!
3	I have a mixed review here. I have been to Tropic Jewel twice. My second visit was great. Overall, I love the selection, one of the best bead selections I have seen in a bead shop in Wisconsin. The prices are great, there is a clearance section just to the left of the doors that is fabulously priced. The staff on my second visit were friendly and helpful. Had that been my only experience at Tropic Jewel I would hands down give them a five star review. However, the first time I frequented Tropic Jewel the service was terrible - rude even. I had brought my 6 year old daughter who also loves to bead. I had instructed her how to choose the beads, how not to mix them up, and to wait for me to correctly mark the quantity and price on the bag. She was doing fine. But the staff were very rude to her and to me. She instructed us several times in an exasperated fashion how to do what we were all ready doing. She followed my daughter around and told her not to touch anything. I get it, everyone has a bad day, everyone has bad experiences with children in their shop. But, one in a customer service profession needs to be able to analyze the situation correctly, and proceed on a case by case basis. There was no reason to treat a customer that poorly, no matter their age. As you can see from my review, we did go back, and I am glad that we did. Our second trip there, also with my daughter, was great. However, the "tiger mom" in me will be forever disappointed in their customer service.
