5	For those who don't want to go downtown to be a part of a coworking environment, a few friends and I came across this gem of a coworking space. This is one of the many businesses located at loft works on Sunset and Tenaya Way and it is extremely spacious. They have modern furniture, desks, chairs, office equipment. I've been a fan since I got here.JR and Kat are the owners of this establishment and it's been around since early 2012. It's never too quiet here as there are a couple startups and independent workers who don't want to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars for office space. That being said, it's still quite empty almost all of the time, my guess is no one knows about this place because the owners are great people.The space is incredibly open and I have had no problem speaking with other people during the day. Heck, since every loftworks facility has a massive glass garage door for parking (if an owner wanted to use it for that), I see daylight. DAYLIGHT!! For nerdy tech guys like myself, it would almost sound like an urban legend, but it really does exist! The open space and well lit environment does help bring an open community from what I can tell. Perks: Free snacks, free drinks, whiteboards, the fastest wifi available (I remember it was in some video, 50mb/s) happy feelings!Instead of paying a crapload for office space, I got a month to month pass for $125/month. I know  it's not the $25/year deal for /usr/lib but let's be frank, you get what you pay for. I like the monthly $125 rate because I know I would be spending way more anywhere else and I don't want to deal with the madness of going to a Starbucks where it's loud or if I need to make a call the library is no good.It's normally $10/day or you can get a punch card for 5 or 10 days IIRC that averages to about 7.50/day. I was coming here 2/3 times a week so it made since I would get a punch card. I also think they have higher rates for a dedicated desk or something.This place is ideal for people who- Work independently- Want very reasonable priced office space- Can't work from home because it's harder to focus- Startups- Like to network and meet new people- Need the occasional conference room or meeting space- In between offices or would like to have cheap space While this is a great coworking environment and mingling will happen, just remember most people do pay money to work. I can tell the owners really want natural coworking to happen and imo they have all the tools for it to happen, it's tough to explain but you can tell this isn't forced.I think if you want to work and don't want to deal with a starbucks or spend hundreds of dollars and want to try something new, I strongly recommend CoBiz.Oh yeah, you can bring your dog here as well! #puppypower
5	Getting a monthly pass for $125 is a no-brainer. The atmosphere is great, the cost is ridiculously affordable, and the cool work environment is amazing for your productivity. A fantastic Las Vegas Coworking space.
5	I'm happy to say I'm the first member of CoBiz Coworking (May 2012)! That being said, it took me way too long to Yelp about it. I guess I was inspired by the Girls in Tech Social Media event held there last night (which was AWESOME). It's the perfect place for virtual salespeople, tech types, writers, or just anyone who needs somewhere quiet, but not solitary, to work. Fast wi-fi, good coffee, nice decor, healthy and unhealthy snacks and a growing community of entrepeneurs and independent workers are trying out, and loving, CoBiz. Kat and JR are amazing and ready to support the Las Vegas business community in any way they can. They both also have good sales and marketing ideas they are happy to share. Although this is a business, they care about people and obviously want everyone in the CoBiz famiily to succeed. I'm proud to call CoBiz my office away from home.
5	I either work from home or travel for work.  Traveling for work is made-up of fast-paced, busy, and looong days.  I love that.  At first, I loved returning home and working from home.  I still do - sometimes.  But I have a housemate who works 2 jobs and is only home to catch some sleep, so I find myself "tiptoeing" a lot, which I don't mind.  I'm not a noisy person anyway.  Buuuut, the quiet does get rather boring when it comes to work.  ZzzzzMy colleague and I work in cloud, as she is on the east coast.  However, there are several occasions a year when we collaborate in person.  Instead of sharing her personal space at the hotel or tiptoeing in my home with a sleeping housemate, this space is designed to solve such challenges.CoBiz is a GEM.  Great open space filled with many desks of all sizes to suit your needs.  If you want a dedicated desk you can rent one.  The prices are Ridiculously Great in comparison to many other cities.  Actually, the prices are amazing in and of themselves.  Pro's:- great hosts Kat and JR- energetic atmosphere- clean bright open space- lots of desks and tables- fast internet connection- conference rooms- they can host your event or conference in the evenings or weekends by pre-arrangement (of course)- a snack buffet of the healthy stuff as well as the not so healthy stuff (as a drop-in visitor, I like to leave a little "thank you contribution" in the jar when I partake) - or bring BYOFoodStuff  there is a refrigerator and a microwave.  It is a community 'fridge loaded with water, and sodas, and sometimes beer for everyone.  If there is a particular beverage you are drinking slap a label on it, as you would do with any community fridge.- loads of nearby restaurants (to eat-in, take-out, or have deliver - Eat24 or Yelp)Bonus- there is a Chiropractor who has his practice here. My colleague has engaged his services and was so pleased she has decided to try and fit in a session every visit to town.Personal Bonus - it is a very short drive from my homeCons: (not for me, but maybe(?) for you- It is one big open space with huge ceiling clearance; the sound carries.  If a person is playing music on the computer you will be forced to "enjoy" it as well, unless you come prepared with headphones and your own beats.  Or, you might not mind at all. (okay. okay. this is a slight con for me too. I like my own beats darn it!)- The "walls" within that encompass the conference rooms are about 7' tall and are open-topped.  They do block out some of the sound, but not all.  Let me be clear though: This is NOT a noisy place, like a coffee shop.  No one purposefully tries to be noisy.  I work here BECAUSE there ARE people around working on their projects, making their calls, having their meetings, and it makes for a stimulating environment.  Truly a GEM.  I think that I need to go ahead and sign up with a monthly pass.
5	I had gotten settled in and was feeling at home.  It was a great place for me to work.  It had a homey feel without being home at all.  Alas, the doors are closing.
