4	I have to warn you: I've asked for delivery at least 5 times from this place on Friday or Saturday night, and they've always said "No delivery tonight." So don't expect delivery. Also, there are no tables - so don't expect to eat it there.But they have great pizza, and it's cheaper than the chains. It's under $20 for 2 extra large one topping pizzas. It's also fresh pizza, and I've ordered enough pizzas to have the guys run out of cheese - so I think they buy their cheese daily too. I recommend trying it at least once - you won't regret it, and you probably won't order Domino's, Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Vocelli again. Unless you need delivery.
4	Stepping into this place, you feel like you're in some weird NYC stereotype.  It's a small store with a counter and most of the room is taken up by a pizza oven.A personal size pizza is $4.50 and it's usually more than generous.  We've ordered small calzones, and what comes out is a 4 pound monstrosity of awesomeness.I eat here about once a week and would recommend it to anybody looking for decent cheap italian fare.
5	I still have dreams about this pizza
5	I'm originally from Brooklyn and now live in Chicago. I spent 15 years in Pittsburgh so believe me when I tell you that this tiny crowded little unassuming shop has the best pizza in Pittsburgh. It's the best I've ever had outside of New York and New Jersey. I ate here up to 4 times a week and when my wife and I visit Pittsburgh it is one of the first places we go. Get a simple slice - you can get toppings but you don't need them. The crust is incredible and the slices are massive. If you go and see the elderly Italian gentleman sitting behind the counter say this to him: "Mr. Scott says hello." His face will light up. You probably won't get free pizza but you'll see just how personal the place is.If you aren't in the mood for pizza, all of the hot subs are great as are the huge calzones - again, it's that crust!If someone tells you Mineo's is the best in Pittsburgh, thank him or her and then head to the corner of North Craig and Bayard in Oakland to Pizza Prima. Mineo's is good, Pizza Prima is amazing.
5	Great Pizza!I mean really great. Best pizza so far in Oakland area.Update: the dough of the pizza made by the lady who works there (not by an old guy) was a little too thicker than I've expected.
2	I seem to be going against the crowd here, but I found their pizza to be on the flavorless side.  I've had it a few times, trying different kinds hoping for better results.  I haven't tried their hoagies, maybe they're better.
5	Despite living right around the corner, I didn't try this place until I found the Yelp reviews on it, since it doesn't really look like much from outside.  Boy, did I find out what I was missing!  The pizza was flavorful and crispy, just like a good thin crust NY-style pizza.  Their calzone was great, too--nice and crispy and oozing with cheese and toppings (I like it with extra marinara sauce).  I see that they sell white slices for lunch, though I haven't tried one yet.  I love that they sell pizza by the slice and that their prices are inexpensive--great for single and starving grad students like me.  I seriously missed the pizza from this place over winter break.  Give it a try if you live or work around the corner--you won't regret it!
2	I only tried a calzone. It was huge and greasy. Not a whole lot of flavor. i did enjoy the bread. I am near this place a lot so I'll have to give it another try. Will update accordingly.
4	I had the Chicken White Pizza that has spinach too. Its the best white pizza that I have had in Oakland so far.This place may seem like a little hole in the wall, but the cooks seem to be authentically Italian and make great pizza.
3	i live around the corner and noticed a great college special of 2 gyros, 2 fries, & 2 cans of pop for $12. Thats a great deal considering that's the price for 2 gyros, 1 fry, no pop special at nearby pizza shops. The gyros were good and better than I would have thought. The old Italian man is adorable too.the only negative i'd say is that when i ordered a chicken parm sandwich, i heard a microwave being used in the back.. that doesnt sound too appetizing. CASH ONLY but their food is not anywhere near expensive.
5	Best pizza and Italian food in Oakland PERIOD!!!! Nice family owned establishment . Great food, great prices.
4	Having just moved to Pittsburgh several years ago we were desperate to find a great pizza place like we were used to in NYC.  Well, we found it.  The pizza is delicious and incredibly inexpensive.  We have not tried any other menu items because every time we go there we just cannot get past the pizza!!!  And what is great is that we can walk to this place, talk about convenience.  Even the little shop screams NYC.  And love the nice older man who runs the place.  He is a man of few words but the pizza that he makes is sooooo good.  If this place ever closes we plan to move.
4	While the place itself is relatively small and kind of a hike from Pitt's campus it is definitely the best pizza in Oakland. Reasonable priced, fast service, good food, what more could you ask for? Also no, don't bother asking for delivery.
2	Service complaint. I have had this pizza before and it is the best value pizza around. However tonight I placed a pick up order and to my surprise the employee said he forgot to make my order. No sorry. No discount. I have worked in a family Italian restaurant before and this would not be tolerated. To screw up an order that bad and cause me to wait another 20 minutes without making it right is ridiculous. Time of order was 730 on a Monday.
