2	Terrible Service. Slow and apathetic! Sandwiches were mediocre at best.
3	Chicken and mozzarella Panini was delicious.  The price was about 3 times as much as I would have expected but none the less it was a good sandwich.  Not 100% sure I have convinced myself the money was worth it.
2	Pretty much the only place to get a healthier bite to eat later in the evening in this food court at the Flamingo that also features a pizza joint, a fake food Chinese place, and Johnny Rockets.Prices are what you would expect at a casino. $10 for a grilled chicken California wrap that had more lettuce and avocado in it than actual chicken. Skip the fries and get a side salad for $3 to at least make you think you're eating healthy. Co-located with Nathans which is kind of odd. Girls who work there are nice but kind of confused when it comes to charging it to your room. Plus, they almost overcharged me too. Not the swiftest crew here. Left this meal feeling totally underwhelmed.Crap, I should have just went to Johnny Rockets for a burger and fries.
3	Over two trips to Las Vegas I've eat three meals at LA Subs & Salads. Its not a gourmet place, but it also is quick and relatively inexpensive ($12-15 for a sub and fries). The meat is freshly sliced and tastes very fresh. If you are staying in the Flamingo, as I was on my most recent trip, its a very convenient place to eat any time of day, as it is right on the casino floor.
1	EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!! Ok what the crap??? I am sorry but I wasted $14 bucks eating here! I had some time before my flight and I was staying at the Flamingo. So I checked my bags and ventured off for something to eat. I unwisely chose this place. I ordered the tomato and mozzarella wrap. That was the most disgusting thing ever. I took two bites before I threw it in the trash.  How was it disgusting you ask??? Well, where the hell do I begin? The "mozzarella" - lets start there. I have mozzarella in quotes because that cheese was either rotten or it was NOT mozzarella. It was not even the right damn color.  Mozzarella is favorite cheese and it does not taste like a dirty dish towel like this cheese they put in there. This cheese had a sharp rotten taste to it and was rigid. Whatever it was it was far from fresh. The tomatoes were devoid of any flavor. I don't know how else to describe them but blah. The wrap as a whole had no flavor expect for the rotten cheese flavor. Their pathetic attempt to spice it up with some kind of oil based dressing was unsuccessful. That too was devoid of any flavor so I had to dump salt on it just to take the two bites I did. Now now, before anyone freaks out at me please understand that I did walk up to LA Subs & Salads expecting a culinary masterpiece or anything but I did expect at least something halfway decent that I could take more than two bites of. This place had alot of nerve charging what they charge for crap. The only thing that was tolerable was the soda which came from a fountain. As anyone can guess there is no way on this planet or any other that I will come back here. I recommend that you stay away.
1	Plain Hot Dogs are $4.95. Our order of 1 dog plain and 1 chili with large drink was $16.05. Hot dogs were small, not the large ones at costco.... Way too expensive for plain ass dog. But this Vegas... Do yourself a favor and spend your money at Johnny Rockets next door.  Why do u think they have such a bad review!!!
1	Idiot alert! We decided to stop after a show on the way back up to our room, and the stupid girl working the register wouldn't take my card after asking to see my ID; she said "the card says Bill, but your ID says William; do you have another photo ID which says Bill?"  After a moment of trying to explain, and another employee getting involved and confirming what the first girl said, we gave up and walked away.  We had far better hot dogs the next night from the Haute Doggery, so don't even bother with this place!
3	I don't get the negative reviews for this place...I ate here on Saturday, and I enjoyed my meal.Sure, it was $10 for a single chicken Cesar wrap, but you ARE on The Strip, and everything else in the food court was the same price...starting at $9 and going up.The wait for the wrap was a little long, but they were grilling the chicken right there, so it was fresh and hot.I thought it was tasty.  Service was friendly too.  I'd go back again.
