4	I talked to 5 different solar energy companies and Summerlin Energy was the best in several ways. They were very price competitive and even gave me a $2K discount (based on system cost) for paying cash.The mounting hardware replaced the existing Spanish tiles nicely and should not present a problem for leaks as I have heard some mounting systems do.I am still waiting to compare the power use over the summer, but so far I am energy neutral with the air conditioning running a little.
5	Thank you Summerlin Energy, you did a great professional  job installing my system and your staff and installation crew were great on keeping me in the loop on the whole easy process.I looked other companies and found that they were selling me old technology. After doing my own due diligence. I found that Summerlin Energy had the latest technology and the best pricing. I use to have a $400 electric bill in the summer, last month in July it was only $11. The best part was Summerlin provided financing at 0 down and no payments or interest for a whole year.
5	I just installed solar panels on my house a few months ago. My average bill was $350 a month and I haven't received a bill since. My financing payments are even less than my power bill used to be. I can't wait till 2022 when I will no longer have any power bills whatsoever. Excited for the future!!!
5	I was half way through a contract with solar city for a lease program.  Seemed like a great idea to save money but thankfully I saw a Summerlin Energy billboard and decided to call.  Henry kindly showed me how I could save even more by actually purchasing my own system, they walked me through the entire process and my panels were up shortly after.  Thank you Summerlin Energy, Jax :)
5	I was thinking about leasing a solar system for my home but luckily I talked with Ray over at Summerlin Energy and he explained to me the advantages of buying a system.  It has worked out well for me.  The installation crew were very professional and did a great job.  My bill was averaging about $300 a month and now has dropped to around $12 per month.  I would recommend Summerlin Energy to anyone looking for a solar system
