2	I went there because T&M and professional brakes were both too busy.  I was on vacation when my power steering went out.They said they had to replace the pump, which I believed, and then I got a call later saying the high pressure hose had to be replaced.  I believe this as well, and they showed me the broken part, however they said the part would cost $200 (for the part alone).  Since it was Friday and I needed my car to get home on Sunday I really had no choice but to pay it.  $600 for the total bill.When I got home I looked up the cost of the part, and it seems to go for about $50 everywhere online.  What a ripoff.
1	My auto was towed to this location July 29,2011. My auto is a Chevy Aveo Sedan. Professional service is advertised. No diagnostic testing was done.I was promised a call with information about my vehicle by noon July 30thbut did not receive a call from this establishment, so I called them on Aug 1st.  I was told it was the started and would cost approx. $600.  Upon checking of the internet, prices for my vehicle was from $100 to $200. I was promised the car to be fixed and ready to go the next day.  Two days later, the vehicle needed a timing mechanism. It cost $199.99 including labor. Another two days and something else was wrong.  Finally on August 8, 2011, vehicle still not working, my cousin had her mechanic tow it to his garage to be fixed.Timing still does not work properly.  It idles very slowly after first time use each day. Sometimes it takes 3 or 4 tries to get it running.Major leaks from areas of work done by Transmission Technicians,Second mechanic asked and I asked for parts removed to be returned with the vehicle.  Not all of the major components were returned.I payed $698.04 which I feel is way over the cost of not fixing the car properly. I feel they were trying to take advantage of my being a woman.
1	I wish I could give negative stars on this place. Actually I wish there was a way to have this place shut down immediately to keep people who need transmission work to their vehicle from unluckily finding this place! These people are straight up CROOKS!!! With NO INTENTION OF DOING GOOD OR HONEST WORK. I brought my Chevy Tahoe in hear about a year and was told I needed a new Transmission. The only reason I went with this place is because Dave, the ring leader and head crook, told me that his transmissions came with a life time warranty if I kept it maintained with them. Not even a year later the Trans went out again. I had it towed in and was told I would be called within a couple days to be  told what was the problem. Without going onto to many details, my truck sat there for  almost 6 weeks with nothing done. NOTHING!!! Never got a phone call, a return call, a F U,  come get your truck, NOTHING! They got my money a year ago, and did not want to deal with the fact they screwed something up and would have to eat the cost to warranty my Trans. So, after finding a real transmission place, (Jose transmissions (702) 743-8646 Very honest and dependable, I had my truck back in 3 days) I found out that the transmission that Transmission technicians failed due to being installed improperly! Jose explained to me and actually showed me what they did and that the only way that it could happen was by themNot installing it the right way. Dave and his crew SUCK!!!! He makes a living from stealing from people and should be out of business. I'm sure people will hear about this place soon enough on the news for getting exposed on their shady business practices!!! Please stay away from this place! Avoid them like the plague!!! I wouldn't  let them change my windshield wipers!!
