1	Place is cleanNever too busyBad cutsUnprofessionalFirst visit, Zordon asked for a specific style and cut. The female barber did almost the opposite. Second visit was even worse. She never listens to anything the client says. Worse haircut he's ever had. I actually laughed when i saw him. Be asked for the "side part" Line.. it was like half an inch wide and went back way to far. It was terribleWorse part.. while he's in the chair, eyes closed, ready for it to be over.. she starts shaping his eyesbrows with a razor!! Lol Zordon would NEVER ask to have his brows done and she did it without even asking. He quickly got out of the chair and left.Third attempt.. we tried another barber for our son Zim. Let's just say, i cried. I really did. It was terrible. It was uneven and i could barely style it. :(Never again.
5	I just went this afternoon and usually wouldn't rush write a review right away but knowing there is only a one star review I feel I have a duty to. I take yelp to heart, and I've wanted to find a local shop for a while since relocating to Centennial from the Paradise area. When I saw this place after going to the nearby Taco Bell a few months ago I made a new mental note to look it up because it looked pretty promising.After seeing the only, poor review, I strayed from the idea. Fast forward to today, not feeling like driving far too another shop, I decided to take my chances (which I never do usually after seeing a bad rating on yelp). There were a few other options, but with a name like Fade 'em All, I wanted to take my chances because I felt like it was more what I was looking for compared to other nearby shops. I'm glad I took the chance.I'm going to keep it real,  this is a barber shop, and the name of the place is Fade 'em All. Not trying to be a dick, but if you've never seen anyone but Sally from Super Cuts and you're not exactly familiar with (black) barber shop culture, unless you're open minded, this place mayyyy not be for you. Now if you want a place with a good vibe where you'll get a great fade, trim, beard trim, line up etc and even a good laugh, this place was greatI walked in and Darius (sorry if misspelled) took care of me right away. I never felt rushed, he made sure he knew what I wanted and got to work. He took his time to make sure everything was just right, and lined me up great. You can tell he likes what he does and really cares about doing it right. I look clean, felt fresh and was happy when I left. I will DEFINITELY be back.
5	Great shop if I drive all the way from southern highlands to this shop ..that should speak for itself.
