2	Came in after a spring training game in the hopes of locating a very specific item.Alas, they didn't have what I was looking for, and the store was in such disarray, I didn't feel like digging around it the chaos to try and find it. I understand that Ross is probably the worst of all the discount stores, but for any place to be in such shambles, just doesn't make sense to me. I wont be back to this location for sure.  Sorry Ross
4	I love Ross as long as I go first thing when it opens. I have always found great deals. The only downside is when it gets busy (which is almost all the time) and in the evening I can only describe it as chaos.
2	selection isnt the greatest and that speaks for the staff as well. the rent a cop takes his job a little too seriously.
1	Normally I like Ross but not this location. The store is always in shambles, the staff is disinterested and rude. There is a security gaurd who looks like he's gonna beat someone with a billy club at any second. Worst of all the dressing rooms have an overwhelming smell of urine. Gross. Do yourself a favor and keep on driving another half mile to Kohls. Comprable prices WAY better store and customer service.
2	I usually avoid this ross, especially on weekends... but a situation came up and we ended up at ross... Not a very good selection, usually poorly organized and under stocked on women's clothes & shoes.NICE EMPLOYEES THOUGH!
4	It's hit it miss at this store.  I like to look for cute kitchen things at a reasonable price.Store isn't the cleanest, but it's better than a swap meet or being outdoors in the AZ heat.  Bathrooms always stink and dirty...People have always been friendly at this store.  Wish they had more gym selections as well as better watch selections.  Like I said it is hit or miss.  You can literally waste an hour or two in this store like nothing lol.  Even if you're just browsing.  ;)
4	I love this Ross it is hit and miss but digging there all the cloths is worth it
4	I usually have great luck when i come to this Ross but since it is after x ma's much of the good stuff was taken. Oh well let's see if the one on happy valley has a better selection
