3	Sometimes the best way to spend a Saturday is to curl up with the one you love, munch out on snacks and watch old movies. Thanks to Blockbuster, I was able to do that this past weekend.When it comes to price and convenience, Redbox is a better option for renting DVDs about 90% of the time. When it comes to older movies and tv shows on dvd, Blockbuster is where I go. Older releases run $2.99 for 3 days. I don't always understand the way they organize the movies, but I have never walked out of Blockbuster without a DVD to watch, even if it wasn't what I originally was going there to get. Friendly employees make Blockbuster A-OK.
4	I love that I can get .99 cent old released kid movies for my daughter here to rent. However, there are lots of times where the older movies are scratched which is frustrating since I get home and comfortable and the last thing I want to do is head back to the store to exchange for another movie. I do love how the store is organized and the staff is very personable. They have a great snack section with popcorn and even ice cream. They also sell movie memorabilia too. We do use the Red Box from time to time but I am big on Face to Face service and that is why I really like Blockbuster.
4	While Vudu gets my business these days sometimes they don't have what you want. In my case my little boy is a Peter Pan fan and we wanted to track down an older release of Peter Pan that's kind of hard to find. WalMart, Target, even Amazon didn't have it. But by chance I decided to walk in here and lo and behold, they had it! Anything that puts a smile on my son's face gets high marks and lots of stars from me. Plus I got helpful service and they had a pretty good selection of things I haven't seen for awhile. It had been years since I'd last stepped foot into a Blockbuster location but this one will see me again. This is worth a stop of you're looking for things that the mass merchandisers just don't carry. One thing about this store, parking can be tight as it's beside an Albertsons store. You may get into a parking space with ease, but getting out can be a PITA. Still worth it though.
