2	I'm not really sure what to think of Cookie to be honest, from the outside everything looks like one off pieces so I wasn't sure if it was a second hand shop or not. When I went in for a browse I realised they didn't just have one off pieces but the clothes still looked second hand for some reason... they just looked misshapen like they'd all been worn before. I did notice a few nice dresses with some floral prints but they were about the only pieces of clothing that tickled my fancy.I think their accessories are a lot nicer than the clothes and I saw some cute scarves and purses which would be great as gifts.I don't know... the stuff here just seems really bland and a little bit overpriced too.
2	Cookie. This shop has often lured me in with it's sort of cute name and fun colourful dresses on the window display. And I always come out empty handed. Located on the quirky Cockburn street if you are into shopping you will notice this place: it has colourful unique looking dresses in the window that give the impression that inside are more unique pieces to make your rather dull wardrobe a little trendier and different. However you'll soon find out that sizes are limited to a medium (if you are lucky) and small, the dresses are sort of cut strangely(which will fit perfectly on the people who look good in a plastic bag), and that the price tag is astronomical, for something which is not that unique or well made. I was a bit taken aback with the prices. I am not the type of big spender shopper, and only on rare occasions will I buy something expensive I think it will last more than one season. These clothes do not- it should be a cheap and cheerful place but sadly it falls into "i pretend to be cheap but really I'm not category".
3	I always go into Cookie when I visit Edinburgh and yet like the other girls, I come out empty handed every time!A few years ago I felt like it had a better quality of stock. There was a t shirt I lusted after for ages (a print of two astronauts kissing in space) but I never bought it, totally rue the day I didn't 'cause it was lovely. I always come back in hope of finding some oddity like that T shirt but recently it has failed to inspire. I don't know if I was more allured by the fashion it had then or if it was genuinely better, but the prices have always been moderate. Maybe that's one of the reasons it never quite satisfies my clothing urges.Nowadays, the stock mainly consists of puffy dresses and starry cardigans. There's some cute knitwear and occasionally they get in some nice t shirts but recently I've had less luck. Like Alice outlined, I find that some of the dresses look a bit tacky until you take them off the rails and some skirts look a bit too seethrough and flimsy. I know it's summer but jeesh, it's still Scotland.And yet despite my gripes I continue to browse in here, so it can't be all bad. For a certain market there are some really cute items and they always have a well padded out sales rack. If you dig deep, you may find something to your liking.
3	I think the fact that this is on one of the cutest streets in the whole city, and is surrounded by cool and quirky shops and delis on both sides, is why you think Cookie is going to be so much better than it is.Like most girls, if I'm walking past a shop with nothing but dresses and accessories in the window, the very least I'm going to do is stop and have a look, In fact, I'm probably going to go in and, in most cases, buy something. Except in Cookie's case, it's never got past stage 2.I can't put my finger on why exactly, it just that when you get inside and actually start having a proper look at the stuff none of it seems quite right. If it were dirt cheap, you'd probably buy loads of the stuff anyway just because of the great price, even though you'll probably never end up wearing it (anyone ever been to Primark...?!). But it's not that cheap, especially given that it's a stone's throw away from more reliable high street names on Princes Street.For someone, somewhere, this is the ideal clothes shop. It's just not mine.
