5	we bought two "members only" jackets and took them here to have a family member's race team's logo embroidered on them for christmas gifts. SPECTACULAR! finished for less than half the original quote and the embroidery is perfect.
1	"Second time I tried them, second time disappointed. The wait is long with no seating but more importantly work mediocre. Had them embroider military labels. Despite being specific and spelling name out it was misspelled! After the clerk argued, he realized and said he'd fix within 15 minutes. 45 minutes later I left as I had an appointment. When I returned the job was shoddy and it was clear they simply removed the transposed letters and the new ones didn't line up evenly with the existing text. Never will I return. The owner didn't even apologize.
5	I have been a customer since before Chad took over in 2009. I have always received excellent customer service and my embroidery has always turned out perfect. He is very good at matching the stitch color.
5	brought in a dress I had made for my daughter that I wanted monogramed. They were wonderful..took the dress and matched up thread and they showed me a couple of designs on computer. Even though it was a small job they took the time and made sure it was exactly what i was looking for. Picked up dress and couldn't be more pleased!! It was JUST what i was looking for! Excellent customer service!!
5	Talk about going the extra mile.  I sent the owner (Chad) some clipart that he couldn't use and had to redo.  He added detail to some of it when he redid it, and it looks fantastic.  He charged me what I consider to be a very fair price.  I placed my first re-order yesterday, and since he kept my designs on file, I know that my second order will come out as well as the first.  I love supporting a local business (8 miles from home), and I especially love supporting a local business that does great work.
5	We order varsity tennis uniforms every year and their product is great. They are always on time and never have any excuses. The guy is very professional and never gets upset ;) If you need a reliable place go to this one!
5	I recently had to go to American Stitch due to a huge mess up on about 50 out of 150 football jerseys! Wrong names, misspelled names, wrong numbers...you name it and it was wrong! After going to 6 different sports stores giving me ridiculous pricing, we found American Stitch. Matthew fixed them for less than half of what other places quoted and they looked great! He put a rush order on them so we could have our players in full uniform before the next game. Great customer service and great price!!
5	I love this place! The work they do is amazing quality, fast, and cheap! Matthew is always so nice, and everything he does is fantastic! I first took my jacket in to him and it turned out AMAZING and whenever I need something else needed to it, it just keeps getting better. He is so caring and nice and you know he will go beyond what you expect. I love this place, if you ever need an embroidery or anything go here!
5	Great customer service! I needed 12 shirts embroidered for March Madness and found this location on Yelp. Due to a slight meshap, Chad informed me 4 shirts tore slightly. He offered to order exact replacements, overnight ,no charge ($180) or gave the option of Nike replacements. I chose the Nike and they looked great. The fact that Chad didn't try to pass the cost on to me, showed how he was all about service- kudos!I recommend his business- Thanks again Chad!
5	Matt was great i love american stich 2 needles up
5	One of the few places I found to do small embroidery jobs.  I've used American Stitch for the past three years for name embroidery on school provided backpacks.  They've always been professional, and they've been willing to accommodate a rush order during back-to-school season when they're swamped with uniform embroidery.  End product always looks good, and they even show me the setup on the software they use so I have idea of how it will look before hand.
5	This place is the BEST!!  Took my son's backpack here after 2 other stores said they couldn't get it stitched in time for school.  Then my son has a small meltdown because we'd have to leave his backpack there overnight to get embroidered (What can I say, he's attached to his backpack). Kenny got it embroidered for me while I waited!!  I have a very happy 6 year old!!  I'll only come to American Stitch from here on out.  Quality work and excellent customer service!!  10 stars as far as I'm concerned.
5	I needed shirts last minute and not only did I get the shirts done in time, but they look amazing and it didn't cost me the arm and a leg I thought it would.  Because one of the employees was going to be at a meeting near my house they even offered to meet me and ended up delivering them to my doorstep.  It saved me so much time and stress.  Thank you Chad and all your staff for your hard work, customer service, and quality products!  I will definitely recommend them in the future.
5	I own a small business and started to use American stitchThey are quick, efficient , and easy to work with.They will go the extra mile for all your embroidery needs!!
4	After using several companies over the years, I found American Stitch. For the past three years I have used them about a dozen times, watched their business grow and expand while maintaining a high customer service level and quality product at a competitive price point.Always willing to go above and beyond, and delivering my orders on time. I would highly recommend giving Chad and his crew a try on you next project.
