2	So, the premise behind Banfield is awesome.  It makes owning a pet and keeping it healthy financially accessible to those of us who aren't made of money.  The reality of Banfield... well, it stinks.  Worse than an infected anal gland on a Great Dane.In the past few years, the hubs and I have accquired two exceedingly cute Miniature Schnauzers.  In this time, we have been to 4 different Banfields, and with the exception of one (where a friend worked), we have had a terrible experiences.  Sure, you don't have to pay for office visits or vaccinations (except for the monthly fee... which is amazingly reasonable), but you they find something that isn't covered by the plan EVERY TIME.  Seriously, it is like taking your car in for service.  Oh, it needs power steering fluid?  my clutch needs adjusting?  and my brakes are at 10%?  Well, crap, I thought I just needed to get my tires filled up with air.Now, I might be a little bit bitter having just dropped a shiteload of money at Banfield because one of the little treasures ate some Aleve (Aleve=death to dogs).  But during the course of his treatment, which I was told was very urgent, I was informed that I needed to leave the dog there (for a fee) because they were going to lunch and couldn't treat him at that moment.  When I told them that I wanted to take the treatment one step at a time (instead of going in all guns blazing), I was treated with contempt.  After I specifically told them I wanted to wait on a particular item, I can see the vet and the techs in the back performing that exact thing on my dog.  My requests were ignored.  When I had questions that required the vet's answers (not the uninformed "nurse"), they were ignored.All in all, it was a terrible experience - and not the first terrible experience at Banfield, simply the most recent.So, take your dogs to Banfield, but ONLY for vaccinations/yearly checkups.  You are better off going to a "regular" vet for everything else.
5	The Banfield up on Tatum in PV: poor service, inattentive and impatient staff.  Even though they are closer to my house, I won't go there.   The Banfield on 19th avenue and Bethany: excellent. The reason I say this: One week ago, my dog Bubba ripped a toenail off; it was just hanging by a thread. I called Banfield in PV and this is what i got: "Is this an emergency? The doctor is really busy".  I told her "uhm, there's blood, it's a ripped nail, possibly a broken toe so to me that's an emergency".  She put me on hold where I sat for more than two minutes before I hung up and we drove to the store on Bethany Home where we were promptly taken in. We were given a fully informed treatment plan suggestion and opportunity to make our own decision because it was going to be expensive.  They took care of Bubba's torn nail, cleaned it up and wrapped the foot.  Three days later we went back for a check and dressing change, same thing. Prompt, courteous treatment, staff is always professional, they got us in and out as quickly as they could.  On Saturday we went back to get the bandage removed. The treatment was the same; prompt, courteous, and getting us in and out as quickly as possible.For those who complain about the wait; well, you wait at your doctor, right? It's no different at the vet; we all have stuff to do but an expectation of immediate in-and-out treatment is a pipe dream.Those folks who think they're getting nickel-and-dimed at the vet need to speak up - use your words and your voice. You aren't being forced to buy these add-ons or pay for this medicine. No one is forcing you to buy it. You are bringing your pet in for treatment because they hurt, they are your family and you love them. Would you complain about the cost of an RX for your child, your spouse, or yourself if it's not on your health care plan? Most of you would answer no because you need it. If you can stand to wait and trust the integrity of the drugs you buy online that are less expensive, then go for it. I trust what my vet gives me more than something that may LOOK like the same thing but may NOT be the same thing. Online pharmacies are a big business; a big phony scam business that robs hardworking people of their money every year and gives them counterfeit drugs made with fillers and often, none of the effective ingredient that makes them work. What you get at the vet is human-quality medicine that can be fully traced back to its source.
5	Dr. Steinhauer is the greatest!! It is quite clear that she loves animals and loves her job. I took my cat to her when she was on the edge of dying and Dr. Steinhauer and the staff truly cared and worked so hard to get her healthy again. I can say that my beautiful Phoebe is healthy and happy today because of the doctor. I now take my sweet new puppy there and see the doctors at banfield. I've seen Dr. Steinhauer and Dr. Horner and had very great experiences. (Dr.masscotte is pretty rude so we no longer will see her) but other than her, the staff at banfield is great! They call the day after our appointments to see how the animal is doing. Its really nice, too, because they give you a printout of services they suggest for your pet with prices so you can choose what you want and what You can afford. Seriously, your pet will love it here!!
2	I keep waffling between 2 and 3 stars--2.5 is appropriate. Banfield is to pets what Nextcare is to people. They're available when you can't get into your regular healthcare doc and will allow quick turnaround on service at a decent price. The issue I'm having is their immediate upsell on tests and "extra's" and also when it comes to vaccinations and medication. In today's economy, I can't believe that Banfield would put such a hard sell for unnecessary items like they did with me on the last two visits. People don't have a lot on extra money to throw around--that's why they're coming to Banfield in the first place, right? Our last visit my dog Fezzy had an eye infection and his vaccinations were due so I asked for a price quote. The first step was to upsell me on tests (allergy tests, skin tests, etc) and then also to upsell me on the vaccinations and give him more than just Rabies and Bordatella. There was a shot for parvo (seriously? thought that was just once when they were puppies) and one other disease I didn't remember. After the vet examined Fezzy the tech came back and listed 5 medications for him, everything from an anitbiotic, an analgesic, an eye wash, an eye ointment and an allergy pill. Total bill was to be $465. I scrapped the vaccinations (can get them done at the Phx Spay/Neuter Clinic for much cheaper--$40) and all the extra tests--and when I was looking over the needed meds I noticed that the eye ointment was listed at $84.99! For a tube of triple antibiotic eye ointment. Essentially we're looking at spending $85 on a tube of neosporin. I was shocked! The tech said that the vet could give me a presricption for that one to take to my pharmacy if I felt it was too expensive. I immediately agreed.  I took the rest of the meds and with the appointment the total came to $105. Here's the kicker--I called 1800PetMeds--the price for the ointment: $35.99 plus shipping--oh it gets better! I called CVS on 7th Street--$24.99 but they'd have to order it. It gets even better than this---So I dropped it off at CVS on 16th and Camelback and went to pick it up in the afternoon--price was $15.99! A whole $70 cheaper than Banfield! Can you believe that markup??? Staff was friendly--everything else was alright--just watch their pricing and look over the details of your bill. Ask the question--are these necessary and does my pet really have to have that? Oh---your regular pharmacy can fill almost all pet medications. Check with them first--you'll keep some of that hard earned money in your pocket!
5	When my dog got sick and was unable to walk, I called Banfield at 7:30am and explained the situation. They were able to get him in at 9am. We got there really early (before the store opened), they let us in to wait and saw him almost right away. The staff (Diego and Dr. Steinhauer) was amazing. You can tell Dr. Steinhauer really cares about the animals she treats, and my dog took a liking to her instantly. They give you an outline of treatment methods you can take, along with the pricing. If you did all of the suggestions, it would cost a fortune, but they were great at informing me which treatments were not absolutely necessary, and which ones would be highly suggested. They give you the option to pick your treatments according to your budget. $135 for the office visit and meds, but it was WELL worth the price. Went back for his follow up today, the staff remembered him instantly and showered him with love. Dr. Steinhauer will be his only vet from here on out. She is fantastic.
5	I had a first-rate experience with this Banfield. I brought my puggle Ginger here  to have a mass removed from her gums. The doctor suggested that while she was under they clean her teeth and ears, which I opted for. She was done on time and sent home with some antibiotics. You can tell the doctor was highly skilled because she healed quite quickly and was on solid food the following day. The staff called to check on her several times throughout her recovery. I was very happy with their service and would recommend them to others. Also I never felt I was being upsold, I was given choices and some I didn't want, they weren't pushy but more informative. I have insurance through them and although $40 a month is high, when Ginger needed surgery I was so thankful I had it. (Isn't that the point of insurance).
