2	Paid for Lunch is a perk that we have at work and we all decide on a place to eat for that day and we order. Well we have placed an order a few times with Sofias Pizza, The first time we ordered it was okay, but we decided to try it again...They take your order and get it to relatively fast but the quality of the food is not there. The pizza was border line the first time and we tried it again and it was a Grease Bucket... You know that your pizza is a little too Greasy when you eat it and all you can taste after is Grease.
5	Their $5.99 sign for their extra large pizza caught my eye so I decided to give it a try. Really good pizza! I've had their chicken fingers too, also good. For the price, their pizza is a steal. I ordered a similar size pizza from other places and it's double or triple the price. Oh their fries are yummy too, I get those with the fingers with ranch....MMMM MMMM!
4	Great food all around, I usually order the couch potato special which is amazing if having people over (fingers, wings, fries and large pizza). The only negative i have for them is that i feel like crap after eating it most of the time but that is because i eat way too much of it.
1	When you walk in, be prepared for a mysterious odor.  Closest way to describe it is "rotten" egg smell.  And it wasn't an isolated time.  Been in twice over a two month period.  Still smells.You decide.  But I'd avoid it until they get rid of it.
1	I dont think it even deserves 1star rating! I was starving and I ordered from here after arriving home after a business trip and just needed something decent to eat. I ate a few of the fries and the rest ended up in the trash.  I ordered a pizza. chicken dinner and it was disgusting. I feel like I need to post this for the good of the people!!!! DONT order here, regardless of convenience or hunger.
5	I don't know why some people don't like it. The food is good and really cheap too. The workers there are also really nice. Great place to eat just its better to carryout.
1	Well I can't really comment on their food or their service.We decided to order from them one evening but the guy told us it would take over an hour and he sounded like we were really inconveniencing him. So we told him to forget about it.I don't mind waiting over an hour but I'd like a little courtesy over the phone.
3	pretty good pizza place. the $20 special comes with a large two topping, half a bucket of fingers and fries. food is decent enough for me to order every once in a while cuz the price is so good. id give it 4 stars if it wasnt for the guy who answers the phone all the time. he always seems angry and impatient when trying to take your order.
1	I can't stand the owner here after a few short or I mean alot of short comings here I finally complained brought my pizza to them after being delivered and they are a total rip off and all the owner could tell me was"THIS IS MERICA BABY" THAT'S WHAT WE DO! This place is total b.s. And they wouldn't remake my pizza after I complained one of my extra toppings I paid for wasn't on the pizza but then again he did pick his hands through my pizza and found one... Lol UN believable then told me to take it back...I told him I wouldn't even feed my dogs his pizza keep it and left
1	This place is horrible. The people are so rude. We placed an order online and didn't get any sort or receipt. After calling they were short with us saying "yea we have it you'll get it." After waiting almost an hour we called back to try an get a time reference. The person on the other end was short an said they were leaving in a few minutes. 20 minutes later we had the delivery and the person at the door yelled about how she had to wonder around to try and find the building and next time to put the information in better. We opened the box and not only was the pizza wrong it was cold. We won't be ordering from them again.
5	this place have the best pizza and awesome service. the people that work there is very nice
4	Pizza was very good, loved the flavor of the sauce and just the right amount of cheese and toppings.  Got the carry out special which you can't beat for a 16 inch cheese for $5.99! We got Canadian bacon and bacon. The bacon was thick and crispy yum!!  The person that I assume is the owner that helped me had a kinda gruff personality but I did here him making jokes with another customer so maybe just my perception.  Overall I liked the pizza and will return again.
4	Good pizza, right price. They are very generous with their toppings and don't over sauce. I really can't complain, it is one of the better take out pizza places in town.
2	Found this place via Yelp search after a long day at work, no lunch break, and a killer wing craving- unfortunately, the wings offered here are not buffalo style, as I assume when ordering wings at a pizza place.Order of wings for one comes with a side of fries (option for regular, curly, or upgrade to onion rings) containing 8-10 pieces per their website. Sauce options are medium, mild, hot, and bbq. The "hot" wings are  sauced prior to baking, and overcooked to the point of being dry, sauce itself seems to be sriarcha-based and includes red pepper flakes- a combination I've never seen or heard of on wings. Unpleasant at best, ended up tossing half the order despite my hunger.Curly fries were decent- then again, they were my only option. Ample portion, would prefer ketchup packets to the weird shot glass of ketchup I actually received, but an order of fries won't make me a repeat visitor.Location is small but decently clean, cashier was polite. Group of smokers on the patio made for an unpleasant smoke odor- may have been employees as one of the group got up, entered the dining room, went behind the counter and removed a bottled beverage from the cooler, then went outside to drink it, without saying a word to me as I waited to pick up my order. "Bizarre" describes both the location and the wings.
5	Vegan here, checking in. Best specialty pizza is belissma and i order it no cheese. Not too oily, always amazing.
1	Anyone who gave this place even one star, has to be the owner or a relative!!! Worst food ever!!!! We took one bite(cheese steak and hamburger- they gave use the wrong burger on top of that!!) HORRIBLE, and through it out!!! Nasty taste, cheap hamburgers, no meat on cheese steak and had a horrible taste-
5	Good pizza !!! Very tasty and oven fresh . The best pizza in town. I m not fan of pizza but love this place .  Come back for sure .
2	Nice staff. Ate one piece and tossed  the pizza. Ordered a vegetarian. Tasted like canned perfectly diced veggies. Spongy crust.  Missing Pepes, New Haven, CT.
