4	I'm not generally a fan of chains, but sometimes I eat here.They follow instructions well. I can get something relatively healthy to eat, with little fuss, and it tastes pretty good. The personnel are polite. The food is fresh. It's clean. It's close to my house. The foot long chicken breast is $5, and they don't act like I have horns on my head when I ask them to remove some of the bread from the middle of the roll. The subway sandwich toasting machine is fast and nifty. I'm a fan.
5	This subway is one of the cleanest, and most efficient subways I have EVER been to.  I've only been in the evenings, but I have to say every time I walk in, someone is always cleaning something.  Their employees are friendly and the food under the glass is fresh looking and appetizing and in their own bins.  Sometimes you can go to a subway and the prep area is a wreck. Thats what makes this Subway so great. Everything is in it's place, and orderly and makes you feel like they take pride in their work.  Absolutely I will go here again, and I can't say that about many Subways unfortunately.
3	Stopped into this busy Subway here in the heart of Encanto mid-afternoon today for lunch.  I wasn't crazy about the floor plan of this small location, but the service was good & what a delicious lunch for the money, plus free parking!6" Cold Cut Combo $1.99, bowl of delicious Chicken Noodle Soup $1.99 = $3.98!     :-))
3	As far as Subways go, this one is pretty good. The lines can be very long at lunch (like, out the door long) and for some reason, the staff are incredibly stingy about giving you extras. I play a game with the staff where I say "extra pickles please". And they look at me for a moment, unamused, and then give me 2 single pickle chips. So I stare back, and say "extra please", and then they give me one more, and so on. We do this little dance every time, as though for every single extra pickle slice they give me, a dollar is docked from their paycheck. haha... who knows why. But it's clean, and consistent I suppose.
4	4 stars because the staff is friendly and fast.  The restaurant is small but clean.  Strong, free wifi.Biggest downside is that the location occasionally draws some unpleasant crowds.  About a 25% chance there will a crazy person, a panhandler, or some other obnoxious type there.
5	I tend to not go to Subways because I think their bread tastes like cardboard but it's hard to ignore the convenience of having them in so many places. Was driving by this one and decided to give it a shot. I wasn't disappointed. I did have a "buy one 6 inch get one free with a drink" and it came to $6. Clean location, quick service and compared to others, what got them 5 stars is that my sandwich artist didn't skimp on the ingredients. Felt like I got extra cheese without asking and they were really kind about asking if I didn't want anything else almost perhaps surprised by the fact I like my sandwiches pretty simple. Definitely recommend it.
4	This Subway is very convenient to my work, which I love for getting a quick and healthy lunch.  It can get busy at lunch time, but even with about 8 people in front of me yesterday in line I only had to wait about 10 minutes.  Another plus is that even though they share a small parking lot with a lot of other businesses, there are always at least a few open spots.
5	This is my favorite Subway in town! I often go with my little boy and they are so friendly and patient while he practices ordering. The service is the best at his Subway and i will drive by several others just to go here for the awesome service!
3	This is about your average Subway. The food is the same as any other Subway, and the staff is mediocre attentive-wise. I can't really complain about the prices, and the location is incredibly convenient for a student at ASU downtown.
4	Fast friendly service, good food, no complaints. I was able to get in and out in less than 10 minutes during the lunch rush on a weekday. That's tricky to-do in downtown phoenix.
