4	Great little ice-cream shop with some unique flavours. When I went they had a halva-flavoured ice-cream and it was unbelievable. Highly recommended; try something you haven't had before!
4	Ginger Ice Cream= A
4	Cute little shop across the street from Schwartz's. Glad that I was able to make it over during their "open season"! I'm a chocolate and hazlemut fiend, so I went with that.  Delicious and a generous portion for the price.  Next time, I will be sure to try something more adventurous!
5	We go out of way to get ice cream here, as it's totally worth the 15 minute walk from our place!  All the flavours I have tried are delicious, whether it be 6xchocolate, cheesecake or even cardamom and nut.  They also offer containers of ice cream to take home (or get a spoon and share?) which are an affordable way to pig out on ice cream.
5	Along with Wild Willy's out in the West Island, Bilboquet in Outremont and Meu Meu on St. Denis, one of the best ice cream parlours in Montreal.With unique one-of-a-kind flavours made from scratch including Chai, Ginger, Green tea, Halva (or Helva or Halwa depending on what part of the Islamic world you come from) and the best, most to die-for flavour of all, Khulfi, Ripples has originality down to an art-form.The Khulfi flavour is based on a traditional Indian ice cream made with heavy cream, pistachios, crushed cardamon pods and saffron - once you try this, you'll never go back to vanilla! Halva is a Middle-Eastern sweet, usually made from semolina and can be sweetened with rose water and nuts.Ripples is only open part of the year, during the summer months so go while you can!
5	I love the unique flavors that Ripples offers. You walk in here thinking you know exactly what you're going to have and your bombarded with the most delectable, tempting options that you begin to second, and third guess yourself.So my recommendation is definitely step away from your norm, try something you've not yet had like chai, khulfi , 6x chocolat, cardamom etc. Or you can go with my rec, hazelnut, because it to-die-for creamilicious.....
4	Ripples is the first ice cream parlour I've been to since moving to Montreal, and if it's a sign of what is to come, I'M EXCITED!I ordered the small Chai tea ice cream (I love everything chai). First of all, the small is only $2.95! AND it isn't actually small...it's 2 BIG scoops! As for the ice cream itself, it was a bit too sweet for me, thus the 4 stars. The texture of the ice cream was also on the hard side...I like my ice cream to be a bit..softer?Other flavours I'll be trying:-mocha almond fondant-grapefruit guavaMake sure you visit Ripples soon though, as they close for the season in a month!
4	Polished and pretty damn good ice cream. You can't sit anywhere, so try not to drip too much on the sidewalk. The flavors were ultra-satisfying. I'd walk about 2 blocks to come here, and I barely like ice cream.
4	Cash only hand made ice cream?  Yes Please!Serving up solid regular flavors and some really interesting ones (like cardamom!), Ripples is always a great choice for dessert.  And being right across from Schwartz's, it's right on par with the quality of the famous sandwich!
4	A lovely visit over the summer - just down the street from the apartment we were staying... this place is an old-fashioned ice cream parlor.I had a really cool ice cream with Cardamom, cinnamon and pistachio nuts.  One scoop is enough - HUGE!
5	Incredible, delicious  ice cream, sorbet and frozen drinks made on site. I had mojito flavored and it had flecks of mint & real rum helping make it tasty.
5	Cardamon-flavoured ice cream was delicious!
5	Tip:  Maple syrup ice cream on top, chocolate 6x ice cream on the bottom.  Don't reverse the order.  Don't ask questions.  Order it that way and then email me a thank you card.
4	I did not want my Maple Sugar Shack ice cream to end.  I was told that this was the best ice cream place in Montreal because they have cardamom ice cream.  But I'm not really a fan of that flavor.  I am a big fan of maple though and they did not disappoint.  They also have an excellent variety of some unusual flavors to choose from.  The price for a small cone wasn't too bad and you get a fair amount for your money.  At a lot of my favorite ice cream places in Ohio, the portions for a small are much larger at roughly the same price.  From what I've heard though, this place offers larger portions than most ice cream shops around here so I have to take that into account.
4	Wonderful home made ice cream shop. Walk into the small door and walk by all the imaginative flavours. Halva ice cream, Mojito ice cream with real rum, and a 6X ice cream that is twice as naughty as XXX. Reasonable prices and interesting flavours. Stop by, soon.
2	Ok, so maybe I don't understand ice cream in north America but seriously... Some flavours should not be made into ice cream and now I know why. Some were ok, the others just horrible. And even if you stick to common flavours, they're just bleh. You wonder what type of dairy they use, then you remember what the milk tastes like here and you understand. I think I will stop having ice cream here period.
4	Even though a few flavours have been hit or miss for me here (maple was meh and there was a weird aftertaste to mint chocolate chip) I still look forward to trying flavours out from here because when the flavour is right on, it's amazing.
4	Tiny box-like location on the main that is only open in the Summer. They have some very unique flavors like Chocolate Truffle Raspberry and Khulfi (an Indian ice cream) and their prices are very reasonable. I decided to go for a Reese PB cyclone and it was delicious. The soft serve ice cream was smooth and very tasty, and there was just the right amount of Reese in there (though I did tell the clerk not to be cheap with those!). I had a taste of the Khulfi ice cream and really liked it - it has a very distinct flavor that is not overpowering but very flavorful. Check it out, but be prepared to wait in line.
4	Homemade Montreal ice cream? Count me in. An unassuming shop located along busy Saint Laurent surrounded by multiple bars, tourist eateries and mid to upscale restaurants. This place offers everything from ice cream and soft serve, to sorbets and cyclones. We decided to get several scoops of ice cream since this seems to be their more popular sellers:--Chocolate Truffle Framboise - Not a huge chocolate fan but this might be the winner. Just the right amount of fruit and sweetness as one of their heavier ice cream flavors.--Cappuccino Chip - Interesting flavor with an almost ginger/cinnamon cookie taste rather than an expected coffee base.--Pistachio - Slightly more artificial tasting than expected, but light enough to enjoy.--Raspberry Cheesecake - Almost too light in texture, sometimes you want more of that heavy cheesecake flavor.Prices may seem slightly above average if you don't get the smaller items, but this place is worth checking out anyways if you're in the area.
5	Richard Bernett the owner serves up the absolute best scoops of ice cream in all of Montreal.I wish this place had multiple locations!
3	Was the ice creme good?  Yes, but not orgasmic. What did you try?  Grapefruit Sorbet aka Pamplemous, 6xChocolate. Why is there a line up all the time? Cause there is only ONE person working the cash register & serving ice creme. This will give people false impression that the ice creme is worth lining up for. GREAT Marketing.  Conveniently located directly across Schwartz.
5	This is by far the best ice cream I've had in a long time. Everything is homemade, including the swirl ice cream and sorbets (for the lactose intolerant). I've tried the raspberry sorbet and it was delicious. They have a wide selection of ice cream flavors, such as chocolate truffles and raspberry. Personally, I am a fan of cyclones (swirl ice cream mixed with crumbles of chocolate bar or cookies). They are quite generous with the amount they sell you. Based on the different products that I have tried, nothing was too rich or too high sugar. Just perfect. Prices are reasonable: $4.55 for the cycloneThe place is super small. You cannot eat inside. Some people eat on the little bench right in front of the shop next door, which is a Jewish monument maker. However, if you walk North up to Duluth and turn left, you can eat it in the Parc Jeanne-Mance.
5	I came here hoping to find something tasty and different and I wasn't disappointed. PROS- Flavors are original & delicious (I found halva!!!)- Location was cramped & kitschy enough to give the handcrafted feelCONS- Limited seating (at no fault of the resto) makes this an "on-the-fly" type destinationOVERALLIt was worth dragging my gf 5 blocks. Ice cream is the perfect cure for ripped pants blues :)
4	Walking the street we came across this place.    I tasted a few items and really liked ending up what I got.   If you're in the area, its worth stopping in and snagging a scoop of something.
5	such a tiny place on the st-laurent boulevard strip that you might miss if you just fly by. but rest assured, they are located right on the opposite side of schwartz's so you CAN'T missed it. if there's a lineup, make it even easier to find.there's no seating at all unless you count the city outdoor seating but then, its exactly like Meu Meu, an ice cream counter boutique with crazy lineup!everything is homemade and oh so good! i can't vouch for their soft serve, which people are raving about, but the ice cream, oh my! got myself a scoop of raspberry cheesecake and green tea. the scoops are indeed big and load with flavor! i'm pretty positive the rest of the flavors are good too as you can see which ones people like the most. coconut and chocolate are definitely big hits!they do coffee too which i'll have to come back for. i mean, coffee and ice cream together, you can't say no to that!price wise, they are in line with the best of the best out there but when you factor in the scoop sizes, they rise above the competition (slightly).they are open late which is great and depending on the hour of the day, you might be face with a lineup. wait time is about 20 minutes or so if the lineup goes outside otherwise, it's pretty fast.one of the best ice cream shop in town and you have no reason to not go if you are in the neighborhood!
3	Because we hadn't already gorged ourselves enough, we headed right from Schwartz's deli across the street to this little ice cream shop for a cone. It said it was all handmade and they had some interesting and tasty-sounding flavors, but I was really cravin' a good old chocolate on a sugar cone. That's what I got and it was good. 3 stars good. A little less good that I was expecting for homemade ice cream, but so it goes.
4	The homemade ice cream is delicious. I had Raspberry Truffle and you could really taste the raspberries.There's no seating so you'll have to outside. This place is very small. There's only space for the counter and the waiting line.
4	Great ice cream with a large variety of flavors. A tad expensive but you get the added bonus of watching all the tourists lined up in front of Schwartz's across the street. Its fascinating.
4	Extremely rich ice cream, quite literally cold cream. Extremely filling so it makes sense why their portions are smaller than usual ice cream shops. They have extremely interesting flavors that all look amazing! Can't wait to try them all out
4	Great tiny ice cream place on St Laurent.  Have a good variety of flavours, including some interesting, uncommon ones, all good.  There's no place to sit and the place itself is so small it gets very crowded easily, but other than that there's not much to fault them with.  I wish Ripples was open all year.
