5	Props to Ken for creating a listing for this - I was too lazy. Other than the weather, this event was amazing! Unlike Ken, I'm not a craft brew expert, but I still had a fabulous time. My husband and I got a room at the Loews so we could drink to our heart's content. And drink we did.... I might have several hours on that day that remain unaccounted for, oops. For $25 you get a beer glass and something like 30 tastings. The people pouring the "tastes" were so freaking generous they usually ended up being 4-5 oz. Many of the beers were very high alcohol content, fancy beers. I might have only used 15 tickets and still got trashed somehow. Anyways, the point of the fest isn't to get trashed - I just got a bit carried away. For beer fans this is the ultimate event in Las Vegas. Make the drive to LLV next year - it's worth it !
5	Brews Best happens at Montelago Village twice a year (November and March usually) , part of the proceed is for New Vista and is reasonably priced at $25 a ticket, $30 at door at 1-6pm on a Saturday.This has been the most enjoyable beer festival so far. I have never been to Lake Las Vegas so I wasn't sure what to expect. If you haven't, outside of the hotel is a little shopping "village" they made the wind around the hill down to the water where the festival takes place. They have the booths strewn about the cobblestone streets so no booth is overly packed and there is a lot of space to hang out. Since this is a village, you can browse shops or get a bite to eat at a restaurant as well or hang out by the water. I really like the relaxed atmosphere of this festival compared to the others in a much more confined space. I'd like to add that there used to be a ticket system but now it is unlimited. You get a plastic stein type mug to be refilled.  Most places pour half a mug for tastes. I like little tastes so I asked for light 1/4th pours to taste and they willingly gave full cups of brews I came back for. Beer selection was decent....a highlight was finding a Nevada brewery called Knee Deep's Tanilla on tap (bottle isn't even close so I get excited about the tap) and seeing SNAFU (Southern Nevada Ale Fermenters Union) which is a homebrew club. I was hesitant the year prior and didn't go...I definitely will not make that mistake again. I know for a lot of people, the out of the way location makes for some hesitation. Trust- once you get there, being out of the way and actually walking around outside will be a good thing. I got my tickets from a Yelp drawing (thank you Misti!), but $25 is great value that I will be glad to pay in the future. Beer by the pier- a great way to spend a Saturday.
5	This was a fun event in a gorgeous location. You have to get there early because they run out of many of the beers fast! As long as the weather's nice, I won't miss this event!
5	Best Vegas Beer Festival. Scenery is amazing and it feels like a vacation outside of Las Vegas. You can bring your dogs to it and walk around while drinking. Auld Dubliner is a great place for after party. The staff at the event is very friendly and proceeds go to charity
5	I had the GREATEST time at this beer festival! My only complaint is that the cold weather felt incredibly brutal since it was our first cold weekend of the winter!How can any beer loving individual say no to unlimited samplings of over 70 beers for 6 hours on a Saturday? I mean, really! Especially when the festival costs $25 (or $12 on Living Social) or FREE if you were lucky enough to win a Yelp competition (as I was). We were given a plastic beer mug and told, WELCOME to Beer Pleasure Town. Definitely worth the drive out there. The set up was wonderful. The only thing I think could have truly made the actual festival better would be notepads or some type of listing paper available so I could cross off the beers I tried and write about what I liked or didn't like about each one. My memory gets hazy, especially after a few beers. ;) And, I'm also kind of a nerd who likes to keep track of things. Also, maybe a map of the vendor locations would be useful! But, there were buckets and water jugs at almost every vendor station so you could clean out your beer mug in order to really get the flavor of your next taste. This was incredibly helpful! You absolutely cannot beat the price or the location (I LOVE Lake Las Vegas). And, the beer vendors were informative and happy to answer questions and make recommendations based on the type of beer you like (ale, IPA, etc.). Every beer rep/vendor was extremely friendly and seemed to really enjoy feedback from customers. Did I mention that each serving of beer was much more than a "sample" size? I'll be in attendance every time this festival comes around! And if you like beer, you should definitely check it out!
3	This night was a blast! My only wish was if they would of had more brewery's and focused more on the hard working contributions from the brewers from SNAFU!!!!! More Food trucks would had been nice also.
5	So many beers and good place to try new beers.
5	Better than I expected. I have been wanting to attend a beer fest for quite some time, so when the opportunity arose to possibly win free tickets, I was the first person to put my hat in the ring. Winner winner, chicken dinner.My fella and I traveled all the way down to Lake Las Vegas and we were thrilled with the entire event. We arrived before it got too busy. The lines for tickets were long, but they went quickly. Cash is the best bet, since the line moves so much quicker. Once we got our brew fest cup we were off and running. We tried so many different brews, I couldn't even keep track. The event was well organized and well spaced out. I think that was my favorite part. People congregated in central locations but no area was too overly crowded or claustrophobic. They had a nice little band playing in the park area as well, that livened up the festivities. I enjoyed trying a lot of local breweries that I haven't had the opportunity to check out yet as well as out of state brewers that I was curious about as well. Great event and I'm looking forward to checking it out again in another six months. Big shout out to fellow Yelpers that we met up while we were there! It made the day that much better!
5	Good times and good brews.
4	Brews Best is still worth going to and is probably the better of the beerfests to attend because of the scenery. It's now a bit busier than before, often running groupon/livingsocial type deals. Brews Best happens at Montelago Village twice a year (November and March usually) , part of the proceed is for New Vista and is reasonably $25 a ticket, $30 at door at 2-6pm on a Saturday. Unless you get VIP tickets ($40) which lets you start early by an hour and also two cups instead of one so you can alternate them I suppose and keep drinking the one you like. I realized after coming to a few, the March one is the better bet to go to if you're only venturing out once a year. It's also usually always nice out when November was a bit cold, and Havana Cigars has a handroller since it's nice. Not that November isn't a good time, but make sure your jacket is adequate and visit the coffee shop for a break. Up towards the front where you see tables with Smart Water - grab some, it's free and keep hydrated so that you can keep on tasting and aren't the dude passed out in a corner somewhere. And by the casino doors there are people in red shirts who will not let people drive drunk and will drive you home! The waters are usually at or by the raffles. Buy them up to support New Vista, win prizes (announced I believe at the end of the day) and also vote for your favorite brewery of the day.I'm glad and hope after last November this village learned their lesson on not double booking the beer fest and a run in the same area at the same time. It was so bad to try to get in/out that it ruined my birthday dinner plans since my friend got stuck and then was so mad he just wanted to go home and not talk to anyone. And if you aren't by this area it's a good reason to make a day of it. Stop by Flemmings on the way, try out a restaurant for breakfast, head to the brew fest, eat dinner somewhere. Or make it a staycation (Aston, Westin, Ravella) so no worries on getting home and stay to enjoy the solitude of the lake.
5	90 beers steps away from my house? Yeah okay. Let's see how this is going to work out.I can't say that I remember the beers that I tried, because there were a lot, but I love when LLV is populated and the weather is nice and I also love to drink outside. This event is so full of win in my book.We probably had 15-20 of the samplings. 15-20 beers would likely put me in a hospital bed, but the samplings were enough to sate my appetite for getting a little buzz on. The real standout for me was the root beer brewed with Jaeger--that could be a dangerous combination if it were in front of me on the regular. I think it was worth the $25 admission fee, but then again I'm within walking distance so I might be skewed a bit on the asking price. It is looking like it's growing in popularity, so I hope the experience doesn't get diminished by too many people there. See you all in November for the next one!
5	I love beer. Therefore I love beer fests. Never really been to one before but my girl dragged me to this one. Wasn't sure what to expect, but definitely had a great time. We sampled some great brews and I'm interested in finding some more local brews to try that I don't normally get to. I liked that it wasn't too crowded or uncomfortable and there was plenty of shade and seats around.
5	I seriously can't think of anything to complain about. The venue is too far from my house but that's my fault. Time went by to fast, but that's usually the case when you're having fun.What's better than drinking for a cause!? Not much.Plenty of beer to drink of all types. We didn't even get to all of them. If you tip a booth they fill your cup, that's worth a buck. Lots of food options for soaking up all the beer afterwards. Beautiful venue, weather was perfect. The crowd was even nice, no one got too rowdy or out of hand.I can't wait to go to the next one!
5	I picked up a free ticket courtesy of Yelp and that's about all I remember.  Everything else about the night is all a blur. Nah jk.  It was awesome just incase you've never been, try to make the next one, worth the drive out to Lake Las Vegas.Of all the beer festivals I've been to this is hands down the best in my opinion, then again I've only gone to maybe 4 or 5 but still the best of those 4 or 5.  Why? Mainly the setting.  It was at the Lake Las Vegas along the water, beer vendors were stretched out along the Village not just jammed into a corner.  It was a cool day, didn't feel like the typical Vegas club/party like atmosphere.  I loved it it was pretty laid back. There were people walking their dogs, music and a stage, many spots to chillax, sober up, and pass out at, even girls pushing their baby strollers.  There wasn't a big selection of food but I wasn't there for that.  Even the people there were cool, I had so many random conversations with a bunch of random people I didn't know, not even the drunk conversations to, well maybe one or two, they were the drunk ones though.There were many great breweries representing, many of my favorite locals and non-locals brew. I was there for the whole event and even longer and was not able to drink them all cause there were just to many, just didn't enough time. Some of the crowd's favorites ran out early but a lot of them kept pour well after the event was over.Only negative was that at one of the ends of the Village they had these restrooms where some of the booths were setup and it only smelled like shit in that area, terrible.Lock me in for the next one, free tickets or not I'm going.
5	This is one of the best events for those who like beer.  It is a semi-annual event and just keeps getting better each time we go.  The beer selection is fantastic - all the local brewers are represented and a lot of out of town brewers make the trip.  Can't beat Lake Las Vegas as a place to hold it either.
5	Beer festivals are without a doubt my favorite thing about Vegas.  I moved from Washington and most festivals you pay per beer.  Nothing like day drunk, good music and meeting new people.  Met some local brewers; Big Dogs, Chicago and Tenaya Creek are all really solid producers
5	With the Ragnar race ending here, it was a nightmare to get to the fest, but totally worth it. Super friendly people and great brews! A great time!!
3	Would like to give a great review overall, but all factors considered.......would have been nice to know that the running event would cause traffic hassles. I knew to get there early, before people trying to get in had to wait 30-45 minutes. Yikes! With the casino closed, the Lake events team probably wants to schedule as much as possible. The vendors were friendly and there was a nice variety of brews. There was also a wine vendor, which was a nice surprise! There was a designated pour on the sampling cup, but some were more generous. I would go back, but gotta be sure to get there early!
4	I got my pass online for $25 which is $5 cheaper if you bought it on event day. The event was from 2-6pm but my friend and I got there an hour late - that's an hour or precious beer time less! We couldn't find parking so we ended up parking on dirt and were hoping the car wouldn't end up in the lake.We were greeted by long lines to the porta-potties. Lots of people at the beer fest. Was it beer fest or beard fest? Either way, I enjoyed this event. $25 for all-you-can-drink beer? That's a no-brainer!Deschutes, Abita, Banger Brewing, Mission, Lagunitas, Khourys, Moab Brewery, Ellis Island, Coronado Brewing, Wirtz, Grand Canyon Brewing and Copa di Vino were the ones I sampled...that I can remember. Sin City Wings and Sausagefest food truck were also there. All that drinking made me hungry. There was a band playing and I just love Lake Las Vegas and they couldn't have picked a better venue.IPA, orange wit, pale ale, amber ale, hefeweizen, etc. Everyone was happy, drinking and having a good time. Nobody was giving off negative vibes. I think the lady at Abita had been drinking too. Instead of getting rid of the beer in my cup to pour new beer in, she just poured new beer with my old beer. It was an interesting blend. By the end of the night, we had people doing boxing and yoga with us.
4	The Brews Best festival is a personal favorite since it is the first beer festival that I attended.  Several beer fests, lost/broken sunglasses, torn articles of clothing, lost jewelry and one boxing lesson later, it's still a blast.The venue is what makes this so special.  The festival is held twice a year, once in March and once in November.  The one in March always has great weather that makes spending the day by the lake pleasant.  The beer selection is good, however it stays pretty consistent.  There are new breweries making appearances every now and then, but for the most part you'll see the same people at each festival.  That is not a bad thing, since I still enjoy going, and you should too.
5	This is the only reason I will drive to BFE.This is my second year attending this event, the first year was with my PIC April and we got to go free because of her, this year I forked over the 25$ and had a grand ole time!The weather is perfect and the venue is simply glorious! This year was better because there was a TON of shitters! EVERYWHERE! So no need to wait in the port o potty line!The selection of beers was awesome, granted we got there almost 2 hours late. I love this beer fest because of the mugs they give you! Less spillage! I will continue coming here, this time just get there earlier!Yay!
5	This is how beer fests are done. Lots of samples to be tried and a terrific layout that encourages walking and prevents insane crowding. What's better than getting to walk around a cool area all whilst sampling delicious beers? And the beer folks really care about what they're serving up. The majority make a point of telling you about the beers and answering questions. So yeah, it's awesome.
