5	I found Geeks in Phoenix on Yelp after an unsatisfactory experience with the Geek Squad at Best Buy. To make a long story short my computer contracted a virus and was no longer operational. I rely heavily on my PC for my work and cannot afford down time. I have a basic understanding of PC technology but not enough to be of any use to me this case. Scott fixed my PC on the same day and charged me $35 for the hour he spent with my machine. Best Buy (Worst Buy?) would have charged me $135 for the same service. If you have any sort of PC issue I urge you to give Geeks In Phoenix a try. I won't hesitate to call Scott next time I need assistance or advice. He is honest and knowledgeable and his time is fairly priced.
5	All I have to say is.....thank you Scott.  I have FINALLY found someone that I trust to work on my computers.  I will never take them anywhere else.  The desktop and laptop I took to him are running 100% better than they did before. Scott took the time to explain to me (in English, not computer) what problems I had and what he had done to fix them.  About a month prior to finding Geeks in Phoenix, I took my desktop to the Staples computer repair, the computer came back to me even slower than it was when I brought it in, it wasn't fixed AND it cost me $100....and don't even get me started on the Best Buy Geek Squad (many bad, expensive experiences with them).  Scott fixed everything right and did it quickly and very reasonably!  Very satisfied customer!
5	If you are looking for someone who is honest and knowledgeable about computers this is the guy. My laptop was acting strange and giving me all sorts of problems one night after downloading a movie thank heavens for this expert he saved me from a host of problems which turned out to be nothing since the laptop just needed to be cleaned out and a new virus software system installed. What is awesome about this guy is how he charges and their is no other company out their utilizing his system he actually only charges you when he working on your computer so if he has 5 systems in front of him he has a timer on when he starts and stops working on yours. This would of cost me $75 dollars or more but in the end it was a simple $20 for diagnostic and software updates. Excellent and highly recommended my computer works better than before.
5	If you need your computer fixed in record time, Scott, the owner of Geeks in Phoenix, is your man! After shutting off the power to replace two ceiling fans, my desktop PC (HP Pavillion) would not power up. Over the phone Scott diagnosed it as a possible faulty power supply and asked me to bring it in, so I did. Scott was able to see several swollen capacitors on the motherboard...not good! I needed a new motherboard and power supply. I decided to buy a new computer and left for Fry's Electronics.I bought my new desktop and brought it to Scott the next day. He installed my old hard drive and CD/DVD writer in the new PC and had it ready for pick up the same day!Thank you, Scott for such a painless transition to my new computer. I hope I never have computer problems, but if I do, I will certainly call Geeks in Phoenix again!
5	Geeks in Phoenix Communications is a very capable operation. My computer digitizer was replaced for a song of what Apple wanted to charge to replace the damaged computer with a refurbished unit since they cannot seem to do the repairs themselves. Now I still have my original computer repaired quickly within hours to meet my compressed timeline. The work was done quickly and the staff was professional and polite and I was not offered anything for my review.
