3	This goodwill is HUGE! which is cool... but can be a bit overwhelming. Everything is organized really well. Furniture with furniture, clothes by color and size, books with books, housewares with housewares... well you get the point. Super cheap prices. yay!
5	This is one my favorites. It's huge, the staff is far to nice, it's organized, high quality merchandise, and gasp its CLEAN. When I lived in Madison I scored tons and tons of awesome things from this store, it was magical. Their furniture is second to none. Its farther away than other thrift store from UW so its harder for the kids to get to. (ie  NOT PICKED OVER)
4	This Goodwill really is amazing. First of all, it's huge, which is nice (though a bit overwhelming at first). But what really makes it good is just how clean and organized it is. I've never been in a thrift store so clean. It really makes shopping a pleasure.The prices are also very reasonable, especially on furniture. Their furniture is also nice looking, which is impressive.All in all, a very good thrift store experience.
4	This week I've been on a thrifting mission and Goodwill didn't let me down. I've been here before, but usually just for a wander. Recently I came searching for particular things. The associate at the checkout was super friendly and helpful and was chatting with the gal behind me in line on a first name basis. This speaks so highly of the folks there - they really get to know and care about the regulars and yet are equally welcoming of the occasional shopper like myself. Plus, the pricing is great for thrift store stuff.
4	Love goodwill. I like how they price everything the same unlike Savers who price certain items of clothing different. Savers is whack. Goodwill is where it's at;)
4	This is not the fault of this Goodwill in particular, but apparently if you are a Milwaukee resident, your Goodwill club card is no good here. The cards are city-specific, and you are ineligible to have a card in multiple cities...Lameness.I found that this goodwill had a nice children's section, vintage toys, etc. The jeans/pants for women are not regulated well.
