5	If you have wanted to travel to Brazil but just haven't had the time to plan your trip, it's okay!!! You can travel to the next best thing, Val's Brazilian Restaurant in the city of Goodyear in Phoenix Arizona and experience Brazil up close and personal.  I've been to Brazil over the past 7 years and visited numerous Brazilian restaurants and eaten in  Churrascaria barbeque style food; let me say that Val's Brazilian Restaurant offers the same quality and atmosphere as the restaurants of Brazil. I have had more than a few friends visit me from Brazil and they all agreed with me that Val's Brazilian Restaurant serves the best Brazilian food and the fun lively atmosphere is outstanding.  I would recommend Val's Brazilian Restaurant if you like to have delicious Brazilian food and lots of fun.    On the weekends (Friday and Saturday nights) they offer live Brazilian music and live entertainment, with musicians from Brazil, and of course samba dancing performances at 8-9-10p.m. This is such a treat not only for you but for your friends and kids. I was there last Friday evening and had the pleasure to watch a 3 year old who loved the music so much he danced during the entire samba performances.   So if you want to have  some fun and good food go check out Val's Brazilian Restaurant and truly experience a taste of Brazil, you will be greeted by many Brazilians working at the restaurant with not only a smile, but asking how you like the food and music. You will more than likely be greeted from the owner, Val, personally.  This place is sooo much fun you will be glad you went.
2	The one and only time I visited was just enough to make me not want to try again. I went early enough in the lunch period that they should have what is on the menu. I tried to order two dishes to go, neither was available. So I just order what ever catches my eye at another glance at the menu. One chicken dish and one pork. Both were dry and just bad. My mate opened his box and took a bite and asked me what this crap was and tossed it in the trash. I made a couple of clubs at home instead.
4	I have now been to Val's twice.  My friend Nancy is in love with Val's and talks about it constantly, so when I was out on her side of town I went to dinner with her.  Val is amazing.  She is super friendly and is the main reason I am giving Val's a 4.  The food is good, but from what I've seen, the menu doesn't really exist.  She has food that is prepared, and if you get what is available it is quite good.  The mashed potatoes and tuna salad is amazing.  I understand this is not really a meal but they are both delicious.  I don't know that I am dying to go back, but if it was suggested I wouldn't run away.
3	Are they closed?? We stopped on 6-25-08 and everything was empty.Tried Dino's Greek & Italian in the same plaza. three stars for it also.
