4	People can make fun of Mesa all they want.I know I did.I mean, it's out in the boondocks.  Try driving the 12-14 hours it takes from the Bay Area, and all you'll see in the last 5 hours is a stretch of dessert.But I have to hand it to them...they have a freakin' Super Walmart!!  Equipped with enough warehouse room to house a grocery store AND its own Self Check-out station.  Fiance and I bought all we need on this trip--eggs and little Smokies to cook for breakfast, Hair conditioner, Jodi Picoult's new bestseller for some reading time, and Decithin diaper cream for our new nephew!But, dude, I was the only Asian in the whole store!!
3	This is your standard walmart. Okay selection, okay things, okay service. Everything is just a-okay. I like the one in tempe a little better but all walmarts are pretty much the same to me.
2	I am reminded of how much I hate Walmart every time I go into this particular location. There are always creepy people, it smells bad, their carts are rickety, their produce dept bad, bakery items spoiled before expiration, and they never have exactly what your looking for in the electronics department. Have been there twice looking for Dance Central and they don't have it. Would give it one star but the other star is for easy to navigate store, location (down the street from my work), and cheap and good selection in the food department. Other than that, I hate this place
4	My wife love to do her grocery shopping on this Store. The lights outside the store is bright which is very helpful to us especially we do our shopping late nights. Security keeps patrolling the area. We feel safe every time we shop. Thanks Walmart.
2	Only go to this location during the snowbird off-season.  Otherwise, you'll be playing bumper cars in the parking lot, standing in the pharmacy line that goes around the building twice and waiting twenty minutes in the check out line for the senior in front of you to write a personal check for milk, eggs and Dulcolax.
3	Its Wal-Mart.... You know why you come here- for good prices & for a chance to catch a first hand glimpse of "The people of Wal-Mart" for yourself!!!
2	I've been a Wal-mart goer since I was young and generally have always had a good experience there.  Today I went to go buy something that was miss priced when I picked it up and I didn't find out until I went through the check out line.  The cashiers usually recognize that and give it to you at the price it was labeled.  Today the cashier, Dot, could care less and was just rushing me to get through her line.  I looked back after I was done and she was gone like a lighting bolt.  I'm not all that impressed with the customer service at this store so far
