4	I needed protein powder and noticed Nutrition Rush around the corner from Las Vegas athletic club on Rainbow. I decided to stop in and check out their selection. It was pretty late, and only one guy was working at the time. For two years I've been a devout fan of Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard protein, but the clerk turned me on to the brand Dymatize. He said it was a lot cleaner and the flavors were better. I purchased the Elite Whey and he gave me samples of the Fusion 7, and Gaspari Super Pump for free!   I honestly didn't believe there could be such a brand, with better flavor than ON. He was right!!! They are all phenomenal, and now I buy Dymatize Iso-100 religiously.  The super pump was awesome too! I only used to use Jack3d (which they carry in every flavor), but the Super Pump keeps me more focused with less jitters.I now go to the Nutrition Rush on Sahara near Decatur, as it's closer to my house. They honestly have the best prices. There was one time they didn't carry a product I needed, they ordered it right on the spot and I had it in a few days! I wont go anywhere else in town for my supplements.
5	Just recently started getting back into shape, and i tend to shop around having been to almost every nutrition shop in the valley i can honestly say these guys have a great inventory, although the store is a little hard to discern what is where (speaking of Lake Mead and Rainbow Store)  this is by far my favorite nutrition one stop shop, the guys are friendly and never too busy to help also the prices are some of the best in town.
2	Not at all impressed with this shop. I went in there specifically for three products. ZMA, Caffeine and 7-keto. They had none of them. Their prices were not impressive either. I thought I was in over priced GNC without the selection. I give it a two star just cause they do have other supplements I take, however it's higher priced than I'm use to getting when I order online at nutraplanet or smartpowders
1	I went in there regarding to their Sahara shop for their HTC product, since I had seen their van with the advert outside.  I bought the product, but there were no real instructions, so the guy there, I believe his name was BAYRON.He informed me having given him my email twice, he would send me an e.mail re above. I waited, no e.mail.I returned to the shop and asked again and  spelled my e.mail, so he again had lt correct. He told me he was sending one immediately and according to him, he was doing it while I was there.Got home, no e.mail in spam, no email anywhere.  He has now done this twice and I am wondering what benefits he is making for the company since he has now lost  for the company at t least 4 to 5 bottles of the expensive product
