3	They got my car clean but who's gonna clean the sleazy feeling off me from so much sales stuff? I went in because my car was a mess and I wanted it cleaned out and cleaned up.   The sales guy at the front immediately tried to sell me on a detail which I was already planning on getting.  At one point he said, I'm not going to tell you till will be 30 minutes cause its gonna be an hour.  I went home to wait and returned 2 hours later and they were just finishing up.  It seemed like very high pressure sales also for a wax job on the car.   The inside of the car ended up clean and the outside too, I just could have done without the big sales routine.
5	Great people running a great clean corner store gas station! I always enjoy going to Francis & Sons!
1	I would not recommend this car wash to anyone that has either a tight budget or a good carwash in mind. I'd decided to give this car wash a shot after hearing good things about it, and I was sorely disappointed for a number of reasons.- $11.99 for their most basic wash is fairly high, especially considering that a number of other places do a better job for more competitive pricing.- I was told that my wash would take fifteen minutes. It took them an hour. Honestly, I didn't mind the fact that it took them an hour. The fact that they were dishonest about the estimated time is what bothered me.- They did not wash my car roof. When I took my car back to them to point this out, they argued that they'd tried to get the bird droppings off and failed. Upon hearing this, I pulled over to their gas tanks and cleaned my roof myself. Most of it came off even without any soap.So, in short, don't trust these people. In addition to doing terrible work, they're also quite happy to lie to your face. Stay far, far, away.
1	So I pull up because its my turn in line and the guy tells me they are having a special, you buy a hand wax you get the ultimate wash for free..The hand wax is 30 bucks the ultimate wash is 25. Sounds like a good deal right? Ok sounds good. He walks around my very dirty car and says you should get a buff (50.00) also your paint is oxidized ( my car sits in a covered space all day and is only 1 year old) I said show me where. He takes me to the dirtiest part of the car and says see this here its oxidation. I said no that's dirt from driving in the rain. Why don't we just wash it and wax it and call it square? I go in to pay and its 45.00. Hmm.. interesting. I get to pay 30 for the hand wax and 14 for the car wash.. that's not how he explained it to me. Cars already gone thru the wash and I am now sitting here staring at my car in their "detailing area" just sitting there. No one is waxing it or working on it. This place is a total rip off. I will not be coming back again. Not to mention they use the same dirty wet rags over and over again and the last time they washed my car it took 3 weeks to get the haze completely off my windows. Its sad. Have they no shame??If i could give it no stars i would.
3	This was my third time here, so obviously Francis & Sons is good enough to keep me coming back. My car always ends up looking great and the prices seem very competitive.I do have to say that I HATE how hardcore sales the employees are.Last time I was there was the worst! After I went over exactly what I wanted and accepted some offers and declined others, I left my car there and went to the movies with some friends. THREE different employees called me with in 20 minutes of me leaving to offer me more services.This most recent time wasn't nearly as bad, but in 4 minutes, one employee asked me 3 times if I wanted an oil change. I declined three times and each time I stated I JUST had an oil change less than a week ago. I wanted to shake him and tell him to listen to me!Additionally, every time I have gone there, they always take significantly longer than they quote. This time was twenty minutes longer, but the first two times was over an hour and a half longer each time. Being in sales and customer service for so long, I've learned it's smart to under promise/over deliver. In otherwards if its going to take an hour , tell me it will take an hour and a half, that way I'm happy that it only took 60 minutes instead of being pissed that it took 60 minutes because they told me it would only take 30 minutes!
1	Do not go here unless you like to listen to a sales pitch and have the guy not listen to you when you tell him what you want.  I pulled up on a Saturday morning and there weren't many cars there. The one car that was in line pulled back out and left as did I after the guy wouldn't take no to his offers.  I went to Danny's and used my coupon.  No sales job, just got the car washed
3	The constant up sells are a bit annoying, but to an extent I expect it. They didn't honor my $5 eValpak coupon because it wasn't printed (which wasn't stated on the coupon), but after pointing out that they give away $4 coupons after every wash anyway, I was given a $4 discount. I've learned to check the details that I have asked for such as resetting the oil meter after an oil change and vacuuming the trunk, but it's corrected if I point it out.There can be some good deals of getting a free car wash with an oil change, but beware of the up sells and be knowledgeable about the appropriate items that need replacing and when and you should be fine.
4	This place seems like it has actually approved in the last year.  After going to 2 jiffy lubes because i had a coupon and both saying it was an hour wait I decided to go to Francis and Sons car wash for my oil change since I live 2 blocks away, if it would be a wait I would have just went home until it was done.  I guess because I was annoyed when I got there it helped on the upsale push back.  I went in and said I wanted an oil change, standard and they started talking about their free car wash and I said no just the oil change, then he said rain check on the car wash (which is cool that you can get a rain check on a free car wash) and I said no not even that, and he said ok we will get you out of there in fast.  It took about 1/2 hour which wasn't too bad.  I took my wife's car there a few weeks ago and it was even quicker, they did say the coolant was low and asked if I wanted it filled and I said yes, I know it was just the overflow bucket that may have been low and they charged me $5 for that which if I knew it was going to be that much I would have done it myself.But seems like they don't try to push the upsale as much anymore and their service is getting quicker so I guess after 3 hours at midas and meinke this will be my new oil change place until they do me wrong.
1	Disappointed cuz paid $19 car wash but they do a lousy job. Have to tell them revacuum like 3 time again. Will never come back again
1	I purchased a Groupon for 3 car washes here. I've been there twice so far. Both times the results were far less than satisfactory. Both times I went the place was not busy, yet my car sat at the vacuums for 10 minutes before someone finally drove it to the wash (which wasn't even running). The one person wiping it down (between his conversations with another employee) did a crappy job and missed several areas. The second time I went, the windows were so streaked when he was done that as soon as the afternoon sun hit, I could barely see out the windshield. Had to go home and wash the windows again. I'm not looking forward to using the last coupon from the Groupon.
4	Every time I come here I have a good experience. They usually do a great job with making my car look awesome inside and out. I recently got a full car detail-- it took them 3 hours to do but I can't believe how great my car looks! It's spotless inside and out and looks brand new! The only thing that gets annoying is constantly getting asked to upgrade to another car wash, getting a car wax or an oil change, but that is their job. I would recommend them! Just don't leave valuables in you car. :)
1	HUGE MISTAKE!  They are relentless in up selling their services and then don't deliver.  I paid extra to have my floor mats cleaned - what a mess!  I got home,  took them out of my car to dry thoroughly and couldn't believe how bad they looked.  Not only were they not clean they had smeared the dirt and created stains all over the mats.  I went back the next day to talk to management and asked him to look at the mats - he refused.  He did offer to re-do the mats and a free car wash.  I said no I'm not bringing my car back here and I asked for my money back.  I will not waste my time or money going to that car wash ever again!They don't know how to clean windows either.
3	Prices are a little steep
1	I have several problems with this car wash:1) First, they scare you into a hand wash upgrade by indicating that your car is too nice to put through the automated wash.  "I can't guarantee that there won't be some scratches or that you'll have both your side view mirrors on the other side."  OK, after a comment like that I guess I'm upgrading to a hand wash.2) 45 minutes from start to finish even though there weren't that many customers.  Employees seem to be purposely moving in slow motion.  I wouldn't mind the wait if the end result was good.3) The end result was horrible - water spots, streaked windows and lots of missed spots.  They even forgot to wash off the instructions for the hand wash written on the window!  Oh, and they forgot where they put my ignition key. They finally found it on a table with some cleaning supplies.Save your time and save your money and find another car wash or do it yourself. No one needs this aggravation
1	Quality has really gone down. You won't get what you pay for. Save your money, do it yourself! Left my emergency break up did not bother to put it down.
2	Had to get them to wipe the dash they missed the center part and they use very little soap on your vehicle I will not go back
1	Unfortunate this place is crap now!!Upsell!!! Upsell!!! crap!Guys there are a jokeHalf ass attempt to clean &Laugh at customers? Really dude?Your the one 30 yrs old and washing carsFor living! This place was ok at one timeLike 2012 that was yrs ago!!Don't trust them with your caror detail work. bahahabahaha Trust me this place takes you for a clown when they are the ones rocking clown shoes!!!STAY AWAY!!STAY AWAY!!STAY AWAY!!Also I think their "express wash" cleaning messed up my clear coatIt left behind a residue?! It's also unfortunate I can't leave NO STARS!Cuz they don't desserve one! at all!!Customer beware!!! I'm thinking about filing a ripoff report as well.Do us all a service and Close down sons your done!!Owners clean your act up you won't have Return customers and out of biz soon.NO STARS
1	Paid $139.00 for detail on VW.  Made appointment and when I brought the car in, they wanted an additional $100 to do what they told me they were going to do in the first place.  Agree with Roy H.  DON'T TRUST THEM WITH YOUR CAR OR DETAIL WORK.They stamp the invoice with "NO REFUNDS" so you're screwed.  STAY AWAY.
2	I bought a cheap car wash and I got what I paid for.  I work near another automatic car wash with a similar set-up, but since I was off today and not in the area, I needed for find a different place.  I guess I got what I paid for (?), but I wouldn't return.  I paid the automated machine, and a guy slowly walked up to the spot where I'd put my wheel into place as if I was taking time out of his day.  They actually do a quick manual wash before you enter, and manually "dry" your car (I say that loosly) when you exit, but I still had bird stains on my car and a couple of dirt speckles.  Unfortunately, it was just a lousy job/experience.  I gave two stars just because they do the quick manual wash and dry, albeit, haphazardly.
1	So I come here on the weekend to get an oil change and a car wash.. I have a new car and the guy was trying to upsell me on synthetic oil starting at $70.. So forget that, if I am going to pay that much I would rather go to the dealer. It was convenient to have the gas pump ready before I get my car wash. The last I knew the attendants were supposed to pump. There were two guys standing there looking at each other, looked at me then just got a blank stare and did not do anything. Who cares, I pump my own gas. After pumping my own gas, I swear I was waiting around for about 10 minutes while the ONE guy working was done with another customer talking his ear off. As I am reading these reviews, it is apparent there is a lack of fundamental leadership. Even if I am getting upsold by some HS kid, or they are trying to hustle for more car washes (repeat business). They could at least try to have some customer service skills, and teach their employees to take care of the customer.
1	Even worse customer service than the Super Star car wash nearby and I didn't think that was possible. Surley attitudes from the cashier to the line help. Final clean up guy walked over to the store without giving me my keys back and left the side window dirty...probably a feeble attempt to milk a tip out of me....not with service like this. Crappy job cleaning the car too...The owner should be ashamed!
4	I've been coming here for the past few years, with multiple cars, multiple things being needed and each time is fairly quick and problem free. I usually get the groupon for 3 VIP washes, for the cost of 1 1/2. I've never been shunned or treated rudely for using Groupon either. The up selling isnt overly pushy, and id gladly decline 90% of it. (Few times I've needed an air filter, air coolant, etc) Personally, if you don't pull up completely clueless, looking to be takin advantage of, this place is my personal favorite in this area. Oil Change runs $29.99 + tax/fees comes with free deluxe car washTo fill your coolant is $5, air filter is $20They also have comfy couches inside with a tv and little shop with snacks, drinks, and stuff for your car.I think people only review places like this if they are upset about something, so you never see anything positive. But ill stand by saying in the last 2 years, not once have they done me wrong!
3	Website pricing is cheaper than what you will get charged at this location. Attendant and cashier both agreed, but just shrugged it off. As for the actual wash, they do good job.
