4	As mainstream-americanized as this place comes off as, the Veggie platter and Gyro platter weren't bad.  I'll admit, I'm no real connoisseur of Mediterranean food, but Daphne's hit the spot and wasn't too harsh on the wallet.
2	These far-reaching Gods of Cafetopolis you see, Whose minions such as Paneracles and Chipotle have erected from sea to sea,Desired like the vendors beyond the Acropolis offerings,Cafeteria dining serving Gyro and many such things,The fare was befitting of above mentioned ilk,Two stars at best though service was silk,The dolomades came hard the hummus was tasty,Spanakopita came fried as the cooks may be hasty,Falafel were shaped as tater-tots would,Pasty inside the two were not good,Salad lacked olives but for a dollop all ground,Feta was sparse with no pungency found,Drachmas went quickly when food was just ordered,Higher quality Greek food the price could have afforded(English majors...was that iambic pentameter?)
2	We came here recently for lunch, and it just took too damn long. We didn't order anything wild, and the food was just ok. The appetizers came after the food, but the waitress tried to make up for it with a smile.
5	This place looks like a typical American franchise and I was not expecting the food and service to be very good.  However, what I found was the exact opposite.  I went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  The place was mostly dead with only 3 or 4 other diners.  We were met at the counter by a very friendly hostess/cashier/server.  She gave us a rundown of the menu and a few specials they were offering.  We ordered the red pepper hummus, a Gyro salad, a spicy grilled chicken with fire feta salad, and a piece of baklava.  The prices were reasonable at everything cost about $20.  You can't beat their $1 specials which cover their soups, hummus and baklava selections.  We sat down and our hummus arrived almost immediately.  It was excellent.  Especially the pitas which were fluffy, hot and fresh.  Five minutes later our salads arrived and they were equally good.  The spicy chicken salad with fire feta was a bit weird (which is why I ordered it) but in a good way.  It was a very decent size and all the ingredients seemed to be fresh.  The salad had a kick to it so they weren't lying about the "spicy" or "fire" part.  The gyro salad was excellent.  I wish I had ordered that but wanted to try something different from my dining partner.  Next time I will definitely order it.  Anyway, the gyro was very fresh and had been cut just seconds before serving.  The salad was a decent size and very tasty.  For desert we shared a piece of baklava.  It was delicious and just a few bites cured my sweet tooth.
3	Daphne's isn't bad. If you're hungry, it's edible, decent, and maybe even good. But it's not a magical land of unicorns, rainbows, and perfect Mediterranean food.The baklava hits the spot but tends to be over-syruped. If you can grab it while it's still fresh out of the oven, it's much better.The gyros are decent, but alas, they ain't traditional lamb. They are instead the well-known "log o' ground meat." Delicious pitas, but the best pita in the world doesn't replace proper sliced lamb.The roast chicken, on the other hand, is delicious and I can find no faults with it.And the olive tapenade is as disgusting as it is at "real" Greek joints, so they're at least doing that much right. Die, kalamata olives, die!
5	Went to eat at Daphnes last night with my girlfreind. The food was awesome and the employee's were very helpful. The manager recomended a dinner special. The special was a ton of food for cheap! Got eat!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food10 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueI'm generally not keen on chains, but this spot is just damn tasty and the service was superb: i wanted a spicy chicken pita and a falafel pita on my street pita combo.  that's not on the menu, spicy chicken is generally more.  but they just did it anyway, because they're good peoples.  I'll be back fo' sho.
