4	Awwww yeah, the best breakfast burrito on the planet.  The rest of the breakfast is great and all, but this badboy literally weighs in at about 2 pounds of bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, cheese, sausage, and onions.  It's all topped off with cheapo enchelada sauce from a can, adding to the white trash ambiance.  It's remarkable.
4	For breakfast, I had a cheese omellete with toast here, and it tasted delicious.
4	Pamela's gets way too much credit in this town.  Deluca's, located in the heart of the strip district, is a daytime only diner with no frills, just the freshest, most delicious breakfast you can get in the city.  It's on my list of places I miss in Pittsburgh.
4	The best french toast in the city. Small, french bread slices soaked in egg, and hit with just the right amount of butter.Deluca's inside is filthy. They know it, and they love it. The hours are weird, though they're open into the mid-afternoon. I liked Deluca's UNTIL I discovered JoJo's, which is nearby, but closes at noon. Now, Deluca's feels second rate, because I'm an eggs, meat, and potatoes person more than a griddle dude.If it was the other way around, Deluca's might be my favorite.
4	A great breakfast place!  The place can use a make over, but I thought it was charming and you went back in time with the red and white checkered floors, and what looked liked original counter and green worn leather stools.  The staff was nice and friendly too.  I stayed at the Westin Hotel and it was about a 10 block walk (1 mile).  My husband and I shared the Steeler breakfast plate and it was one of the best breakfests we had.  It was a good thing we shared bc it came with 2 toasts, 2 (8") pancakes, 1 (5") sweet sausage, 2 slices bacon, home fries, 2 eggs.  Every item was cooked perfect and the pancakes were the best I had at a restaurant, a bit crispy and fluffy inside.   Too bad we were so full and couldn't finish the pancakes and toast.  Everything else we finished with a smile.  The portions are large.  We had 2 cups of very good coffee and the Steeler special and our bill was $12.  A bargain for all we had.  If I ever come back to Pittsburgh, I would go there again and try more of the resturants on the Strip District.
4	Great breakfast food! Good coffee. Service is quick and the breakfast/lunch food is SO MUCH BETTER than Pamela's. The location is perfect so that you can go grocery shopping afterwards (in the Strip District).
5	De Luca's is The Strip District breakfast place. I refuse to go anywhere else. Half the time, you'll be lined up outside the door, but it's heavenly.
3	A diner for those who love the nostalgia of a diner.....humongous portions, a menu that has more on it than chairs in the place, and nice shoddy rude service.  It was quite a fine place to start the day.  Even though it's tiny, they were able to accommodate our party of 8, which was amazing.  We did wait awhile, but by the time we left, the line was much, much longer...nearly 1/2 way down the block.  Food was good, albeit way too much of it, and everyone's different orders were enjoyed (we had omelets, breakfast burritos, pancakes, and believe it or not, one had cereal..stinkin' health conscious folks).  Note, you will leave smelling like a diner..imagine cooking bacon at home...yep, that's it.  Be prepared for a 2ND shower that day.
4	How have I  never been here before, considering that I am a black and gold city yinzer?  Well, this oversight was revised this morning.  I got here about 10 am this morning and totally expected a long line.  We only had to wait about 5 minutes and got a great booth in the back.  If you're in a rush sit at the counter.  Service was friendly, quick and professional.  Place was packed with all types, classes and colors.  Everyone from family's after church to folks like me with disheveled hair wearing the same clothes from  the long night prior.  This offers a true snapshot of the folks of my fine city.  I ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs with a side of sweet sausage and toast.  The corned beef hash was great charred perfectly and tons of flavor.  The eggs were about average and the sweet sausage was amazing.  They offer a ton of breakfast meat options, everything from chorizo to amish ham and sweet sausage.  My breakfast was a little above average, however my friend made a much better choice.  She ordered the breakfast sandwich, which was great.  It was served on fresh italian bread with mounds of cheese and crispy bacon.  I like Pamelas for pancakes, but for just true good diner breakfast food this is my new favorite.
3	Come here for a good hearty breakfast of absurd proportions, but be prepared to wait.  if food were my only concern, I would not hesitate to say DeLuca's is one of the best breakfast joints in the 'burgh.  Alas, they have terrible coffee, and for me, that's a deal-breaker.
4	A Pittsburgh institution.  I recently went on Steeler Sunday around 10am -- the wait was less than 5 minutes and the service still adequate (constant coffee refills).  The sausage is delicious.  Try it on a fried egg sandwich but be prepared to take some to go.  It's dirty, greasy, and packed full of Pittsburgh nostalgia just like a greasy spoon should be!  (FYI - cash only)
3	I had a mixed grill (was feeling particularly carnivorous that day) and it was good.  Loads of meat, served with grilled veggies and potatoes.  I couldn't finish it, and ended up taking some home, and it proceeded to be my breakfast for two days after that.  The breakfast meats are pretty good, and the prices are good too.  Standard diner fare, with a little more of a busy atmosphere.
2	The food was pretty good for a diner, but definitely not worth the wait... the service was terrible (somewhat rude, but more disorganized than anything)After waiting in line for 40 minutes, we sat down and were told that the cook needed to catch up on orders... 30 minutes later we saw a waitress behind the counter taking orders from people who just sat down. when we asked if we could place our orders, we got a pretty rude/sassy lecture along the lines of  "didnt we already tell you that the cook was catching up on orders"  *(yeah, you told us that THIRTY MINUTES AGO... for real...how longs it take to make eggs?)..  when we pointed out that people that just sat down were having orders taken, our waitress asked the cooks and apparently it was ok.... after 30 additional minutes... average pancakes and eggs came out.again... 1 hour and 40 minutes for so-so pancakes/eggs with a side rude waiters that had no idea what they were doing. Save yourself a few hours and go to Ritters
4	Holy huge breakfast batman! We went on a Saturday early afternoon and there was no wait at all. I will admit that the waiter was a little absent minded, forgetting my friend's strawberry jam, but I've worked in food service before and after a long Saturday shift stuff like that happens. To make up for it our food came out quickly...I got the mixed grill with turkey sausage and my lady got the strawberry fields pancakes. Very rarely do we leave food on our plates but there was a little breakfast graveyard at the end of this meal. Everything was superb and we wanted to eat every last bite but it was impossible. 3 of us ate for less than $30 which rocks my socks! I agree Deluca's is a Pittsburgh institution and there is nothing better than breakfast at a diner and walking through a slew of street vendors. Be warned--Cash Only! Enjoy!
2	Highly over-rated.  The service wasn't great.  Saw a waitress drop a knife on the floor and she picked it up and wiped it on her apron.  A waiter wiped the milkshake mixer (the part that goes into the stuff you drink) with a dirty rag.  Food was also a disappointment.  The lobster bisque (which was their special) tasted like flour.  And our funky monkey pancakes had grilled onions in them.  Giving them 2 stars, only because the hostess and our waitress was friendly.
2	I always enjoy my visits to pittsburgh. I was especially excited to visit after finding out there was a great place for breakfast that was on the travel network (man vs. food). I am a true food lover and Food Network and Travel Channel must really love pittsburgh. They are always on man vs food and diners, drive ins and dives. I found out the hard way that just because you are showcased on a dandy show doesn't mean your food is up to par. Just to make it very clear I am a southerner. I did however go to delucas with my girlfriend who was born and raised in pittsburgh and surrounding suburbs. So I was able to look past the brash attitude of the person at the register yelling at my girlfriend instead of seating us. She however was pretty turned off by it. There wasn't a wait. We got seated pretty quickly after my girlfriend had to let the lady know we were there well before the ambush of people that poured in after we arrived. (that's when my girlfriend got yelled at) After being seated I was really excited about the food. The place was hoppin and the coffee was really good. The menu had a huge list of things to choose from. I thought it was going to be a great place. I had really high hopes.The server we had was ok. Not very friendly but efficient. She was the shorter of the two I saw. We kind of wished we had the tall girl. She seemed a lot more friendly. We didn't wait too long to get our food but when we got it you would have thought it would have taken a couple hours. I got the biscuits and gravy (one of my favorite breakfast foods) and potatoes. They were both stone cold. The gravy on the biscuits was more like a soup and the potatoes were well cold. I really couldn't get passed the fact that my food was cold. My girlfriend got the california omelette with potatos and fruit with the Italian toast. She like the fruit and toast but that was it. I almost choked on my sausage gravy when I saw her omelette. It was practically black. I know sometimes people over cook eggs. It's not cool but it happens. How do you even send eggs out that are practically black. I guess at least it was hot. Her potatoes needless to say were also cold.I was really looking forward to eating at a delicious breakfast place in pittsburgh. I was disappointed.
4	Clog your arteries here! Line outside was to the business next door, but it only took us 20 minutes to get seated. Don't let that scare you away.  If it's a weekend, plenty of good people watching as they make their way around the vendors on the strip.  Place seems like it is always crammed (and that probably is in part due to all the tv coverage in recent year's). Omelets can't be beat, and the mixed grills are good as well (and totally customizable to your likes). Still cash only!   Huge menu full of choices, so if breakfast isn't your thing, you have options...and if unhealthy breakfast isn't your thing, they even have cereal and oatmeal.  Closes early (3PM).
5	Saw Deluca's on man vs. food, as I'm sure everyone has...Intrigued by the unusual ice cream pancakes and humongous 2lb breakfast burrito. Added this to our list of must eat at in Pitt....  Food lover and sometimes plan weekends based on restaurants we see on TV.Bigger inside than it looked from the outside. Everyone was very friendly.  Only prob was cash only!! We knew this ahead of time, but would have sucked if we didn't know. Watched lots of people running to the atm, which luckily is close by.Anyway, food was awesome!!! my husband had the 2lb burrito, which was massive!! But according to him delicious enough to eat weekly. Daily if it wasn't so big! He also had  a chocolate milkshake (lol), which was very good!Little disappointed that i had a hangover and the thought of anything sweet (pancakes)  made me want to puke. Had a basic breakfast,   scrambled eggs, home fries, bacon, toast. It was amazing!! Real, fresh eggs. Normally i find egg beaters. The toast was Italian bread they get fresh locally. All very delicious! Wish we would've stayed longer so i could have the pancakes that looked so yummy!!!!!This place is a breakfast must!
5	When I think of Big Manly Breakfasts ... the kind that John Wayne, Jimmy Hoffa, and Batman would all eat I think of the King of all Pittsburgh Greasy Spoons, Deluca's.Don't trick yourself into thinking you are getting anything beyond the best greasy spoon breakfast you've ever had.  Your waitress may be rude and there may be odd sticky substances on your table.  Don't like it?  Fuck you, that is ambiance here!The place is, almost always, packed to the rafters (especially at breakfast time).  You will wait for a table.  The wait staff is typically old and cantankerous.  You will hear the query "whatta ya want, honey".  But the food is plentiful and out of this world.  Where else can you score a pepperoni omelette at any time of the day?  Pour some ketchup on that bad boy, order up a coke and I'm in heaven!
4	Stopped here on a Saturday for breakfast while spending a weekend in Pittsburgh based on the Yelp reviews. A great place to get a classic American breakfast. I got bacon and eggs, my wife got a veggie omelet, and the kids got chocolate chip pancakes, everyone enjoyed their food. Service was bit slow but I expected that given how packed the place was. I would certainly go their again and recommend it. Take note that it is a cash only restaurant.
3	Went to Pittsburgh on a whim (from Cleveland). I've been there several times before and I actually enjoyed it more this time around. Looked up on my phone for the best eats on the strip and Deluca's came up as a must. Most, if not all reviews on Yelp are positive. There was a line out the door at about 1PM on a Saturday, but we only waited about 30 mins. I ordered the Mixed Grill breakfast (supposedly Bruce Willis' favorite) with steak. I expected it to be greasy, and it was. No problem there. However, the steak was dry, overcooked, and the whole meal was bland. I still finished it, but I was expecting better. Maybe I should've tried something else???Anyone have a suggestion of the next dish to try the next time I go back?
3	I recently went to Pittsburgh for one week trip and this was my favorite breakfast spot in the city. My friend and I went here three times during my trip because I liked it so much. It's a true hometown diner with good food and great service. Even though there was a heavy amount of drinking going on during my trip we always managed to get up ridiculously early to brave the crowds at Deluca's. It was well worth it and you definitely can not beat the prices (anything is cheaper outside of NYC though!).Everything was tasty from the pancakes to the breakfast burritos. A truly good greasy spoon!
3	Greasy spoon is defined by a trip to Deluca's After several visits i realized I needed to be hungover to enjoy it. Sorry, but the P&G diner around the corner puts it to shame.
3	Meh - Nothing special just a greasy spoon diner serving up decent but very average breakfast. Hollandaise sauce out of a mix, average potatoes, average pancakes, really nothing to the place except it is a Pittsburgh icon, much like Primanti brothers, it's legendary for what it once was not for what it is now.I'm glad we didn't wait for breakfast and if I was going show off a breakfast spot in Pittsburgh I think Pamela's would be my first choice.
4	Well done diner food.  Deluca's is pretty good for a greasy spoon.The line moves surprisingly fast outside, so don't be daunted by a wait.  And once inside, staff is quick and friendly.We had breakfast: traditional eggs, biscuits, meats, potatoes - all were very good.   The breakfast burritos are pretty big, too; best to share.  All the breakfast meats (sausages, bacon, and chiorzo) were fresh and flavorful.
4	Another really good breakfast place, but literally pamela's twice + jojo's would take precedence.the wait is usually a little bit long, but it's probably worth it. again, very generous portions. the buckwheat waffle is delicious. i don't know what i was thinking ordering it "on the side".=p
4	Great little diner. We had to wait quite awhile to get seated, but with all the hype about this place we figured it was a good sign. The servers were friendly and prompt, despite how busy it was in the restaurant. I tried the breakfast burrito...I asked for sauce on the side and it came out with a bucket of sauce all over it. The server was very apologetic and brought me a new one, sans sauce, very quickly. She took my OJ off the bill for the wait. It was tasty and very filling. Plus it had crispy bacon (I hate floppy bacon!). The prices for the amount of food you are getting are amazing.CONS: They do NOT take credit cards, so stop at the ATM. There is very little space to wait inside, so if it's a chilly winter day you'll be stuck standing outside, so bundle up!All in all it was an enjoyable meal!
4	In town for the 3-day weekend, I wanted to try some of the more popular spots in Pittsburgh.Since Deluca's is popular -- hey, it has been on TV! -- I expected to be disappointed.  Nope.  The menu was gigantic -- as big as the portions.The cinnamon bun hotcakes with the warm, gooey, sweet apples, glazed pecans, and gratuitous whipped cream and vanilla ice cream?  Surprisingly great -- just a great balance of flavors and textures.The only misfire was on the cheesesteak omelet -- it was supposed to come with a sauce.  When I mentioned it to the waiter, he thought it needed one, too -- but didn't know that it did.  Not a big deal that he didn't know -- just that it did need something.  Eh, I had the hotcakes to share anyway; there was plenty of food on the table.I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh.  I'd be 50 pounds heavier.FYI cash only.
4	Ohhhhhh Deluca's.In my experience, there is a great divide in the city of Pittsburgh, similar to Montagues vs. Capulets.  This divide is Pamela's-lovers vs. Deluca's-lovers.  I am firmly in the latter camp, and I will be pleased to challenge Pamela's patrons to a duel, as long as I have been fueled by a breakfast burrito the size of my head and innumerable rounds of coffee.Deluca's has quirks: It takes forever to get a table (because everyone's trying to eat there), the ambiance is old-school funky diner (weird mural, propensity for stickiness on the formica tabletop), and you should not expect to be pampered by the waitstaff (they do their job well, for the most part, but the restaurant is always busy, it's not a high-end place, and they aren't going to make enough in tip money off your $10 breakfast to put up with a snotty attitude from their customers).  Personally, I like this in a diner, and it is something I actively seek out.  I like to come here kind of hungover, devour a massive burrito and a huge orange juice and about three cups of coffee when the waitress has time to refill my cup.My favorite diner is still that diner under the 16th street bridge, which I forget the name of it but it makes kick-ass biscuits and gravy.
2	While my mixed grill was OK, it was nothing I couldn't make at home.  I was expecting bigger flavor.  The 2 stars come from the HORRIBLE service.  I get it - greasy spoon, yinzers, etc.  But c'mon....45 minutes to make some eggs?  the dumb waitress said "they're a little backed up".  Well, yeah, but c'mon.  We were there WAY too long.  It kind of ruined the rest of our day. This isn't the best breakfast in PGH by any stretch of the imagination.  It was fine for what it was, but the terrible service = not returning.  I have better things to do during my trips to Pittsburgh then wait around for breakfast.
4	came here after seeing Man v Food, and it was definitely a great place.  good hometown atmosphere with quality food. the 30 minute wait in the cold was worth it.
5	Another Pittsburgh legend . Always voted "best breakfast in the burgh  " and I have to agree . I like the unusual breakfast combinations . Who can't refuse ice cream on your pancakes in the middle of a hot July ???
5	Pancakes topped with ice cream, fruit and whipped cream for breakfast?? Hell yes!!! Sounds more like dessert, but every bit delicious on an empty stomach on a Saturday morning. My fiance brought me here one day during the summer when I went with him to PGH to visit his family. We heard about the rave reviews on Man vs. Food so we decided we had to hit up all of Adam Richman's picks in PGH during our trip. We waited in line in the warm sun for about 20-30 minutes to be seated, but it was well worth it! My fiance had the mixed grill - loaded with grilled veggies, potatoes, and spicy sausage. We kept switching plates back and forth because we just couldnt decide who got the best meal. Both the pancakes and the mixed grill were HUGE! We could barely finish both. Inexpensive and good service. We'll defintely be back when we visit PGH again!
5	I used to think Pamela's was the best breakfast in town, until I came to this place.  Amazing.
4	Really good food, gargantuan portions and great prices.
4	After walking past the long Saturday lines numerous times, I brought the kids here on a week day.  Great idea.  No wait, and no hurry.  The pancakes were excellent..light, fluffy, and perfect.  The omelet with Chorizo?  Horrid, but I blame myself.   What was I thinking?  Like ordering oysters in Iowa.  Good cup of diner coffee, and counter service was great.  Kids want to know when we're coming back...soon!
4	classic pittsburgh, i think. amazing crepes and fresh squeezed oj. crazy busy, so that's a good sign!
5	De Luca's was featured on Man V Food - Pittsburgh. I had been going to this place since my junior year at CMU and I find it to be the best breakfast place I have ever eaten at. Whenever I go back to Pittsburgh to visit friends or for Steelers games, I always try and hit up Pramanti Brothers, William Penn for the the Kitchen Sink Wings and De Luca's for their breakfast.Well. There is always a line to this place. I've seen it go around the block sometimes but there are also times when you can be the first in line. It all depends on what the crowd is like. This place specializes in breakfast but you can also get lunch food as well. You have to pay cash and you will most likely not find street parking anywhere near there so look for a lot or try the streets around it. The place is ALWAYS crowded so if you see some seats open at the bar, grab them cuz those are first come first serve.Onto breakfast, I've tried a lot of their options but I love their Steak Mixed Grill. This gets me a sliced medium rare steak, 2 eggs over easy, veggies, sweet roast peppers, tomatoes and home fries. This meal was one of the dishes that Adam Richmond ate when he went there for Man V Food. I'll usually get this with a strawberry milkshake (which is enormeous) and that will completely fill me up.I've also had the eggs benedict which is really good, the famous breakfast burrito (best breakfast burrito I've ever eaten), the buttermilk pancakes (better than Pamela's short cakes) and a Greek Omelette.However, I now that I only go back to Pittsburgh once or twice a year, I usually just get the steak mixed grill. De Luca's is so much better than Pamela's and Pamela's is a really good breakfast place too. I definitely love coming here.
5	Wow... wow... one of the best breakfasts I've had in a while. There's a good amount of parking around, especially if you get there early.... and you'll want to get there early, because there's a FREAKING LINE OUT THE DOOR TO GET SEATED!! So worth it, though. Everything is yummy.
5	This place was incredible and I now understand why it was featured on Man vs Food. I had a MOAB (mother of all burritos) and my friend got the bionic omelet (should be called "freak of nature"). We waited about 30 minutes outside before getting in and now understand why. It takes extra time to make your way out of the restaurant due to all the food you eat here, thus slowing down the line. We had a great time and will be headed back soon. I will try Pamela's (a rival breakfast shop) sometime and then compare them. This place is highly recommended.Cash only.
5	i could probably count on one hand the number of times that i've waited in line to eat at a place with fluorescent lights.  this is one of them.we waited in line outside next to the "best breakfast in pittsburgh" sign for about 30 minutes before being seated.  the wait was partly due to today being labor day, and partially due to our showing up at 11:30am.  was the wait worth it?  every minute of it.+1 for a menu FULL of wonderful breakfast items.  most items are non-traditional.  deluca's has many non-standard items that are locally well-known.+1 for friendly service amidst the demands of 100+ hungry people.+1 for a great location.  strip district.+1 for relatively quick service.+1 for the best (and largest) omelet i've ever had, named the "bionic omelet".+1 for the best overall breakfast i've ever had.-1 for cash only.highly recommended.  favorite of both locals and tourists.  i will likely return.  come early to avoid any lines.
4	Visited this Labor Day for breakfast. We actually intended to go to Pamela's, but they were closed today. There was a line at Deluca's, as usual, but it moved pretty quickly and we were seated in about 15 minutes. Service was brusque, no nonsense...not friendly but not outright unfriendly either I suppose. I had my usual breakfast burrito, good as always, and quite filling. I tried some of the hub's waffle with ice cream and whatnot on top...delish.I noticed today that their booths along the side are rather uncomfortable...the seat feels too shallow so you feel like you are just about the fall off it the whole time and your butt starts to hurt. Really not that big a deal though.All in all, still some good food.
4	This place is Pittsburgh!  The breakfast here is legendary.  I came in on Monday for my second visit.  Had the breakfast burrito with turkey sausage and coffee.  The burrito was fantastic.  Filled with all kinds of goodness and topped with their wonderful salsaish sauce.  The place is very quaint and mom and pop dinerish.  I've seen the lines on weekends and they are crazy.  The waitress was very nice and had awesome ink.  Love this place!
5	No Stiller's tickets this past Sunday so waited till near game time to visit.  Shortest line I have ever seen.  Food and atmosphere are pure Pittsburgh.   Our group had Steel City breakfast, waffles, pancakes, and french toast.  Huge portions and delicious on top of that.  The "Baltimore Blows" shirts worn by many wait staff were perfect.
5	I'm not saying Delucas is McCormick & Schmick's.  I'm just saying if you want a great diner breakfast without the frills you will not do any better than Delucas.  Somehow, every time we head back to the 'burgh to visit, we end up having breakfast here.  There's a reason for that long line down the sidewalk on Saturday mornings.  (Don't worry the line moves fast and it is worth waiting for.)  What am I doing here?  Wait.  Can I change my review and say the place stinks?  That way I can keep it all to myself  (-:   (Too late.)
2	Super greasy, dive inspired diner located in the strip district.  The choices are vast, but everything mostly tastes like low quality fat soaked all purpose man feed.  Yea, so there is some culture/history/tradition of greasy spoon diners of Pittsburgh, of which Deluca's may be the best, but in my opinion it is still not worth it.  Visit the spot, buy a t-shirt, take a picture, then go get some food somewhere else.  I went with some sort of sloppy breakfast option, with biscuits that came out rock hard and tasted like stale Bisquik.  The eggs were runny (not in the good way) and the cheese was plastic-esq American that had somehow managed to not melt, but instead quickly congeal into one stringy mass on top of my potatoes.   The coffee (while refilled many a time, my mug never saw the bottom) was watery and quite bitter.  So you may be thinking why the 2nd star, well the upsides of Delucas are the massive amount of food on the plate (quantity over quality should be the tagline), and the service was efficient and prompt, if not overly friendly.So this place is famous for something, I am not quite sure what, but it certainly isn't because they have good food.  If you manage to find out what makes Deluca's famous please let me know, until then I will not be returning.
4	Great local Pittsburghesque Diner.  I had delicious pumpkin pancakes with eggs and "kielbasy".  Very good, the kielbasy was not like any I had before, I suppose all kielbasa has it's own local flavor.Interesting people watching, from the locals, tourists, tattooed staff and Pittsburgh's finest.   Everything is cooked behind a low counter - you can see all the activity - looks crazy back there.  The booths are not very comfortable, straight backed and Formica topped (adds to the charm?)  There is a strange mural on the wall, Greek mythology themed with Pan and others, labeled as a prop from the movie "Passed Away".Really enjoyed it, would go back and recommend to others.  Fun and funky area to shop too.
5	My first visit to Pittsburgh. I love little greasy diners, and Deluca's was great. I ate the "Pigs in a Blanket" crepe and ordered a chocolate milkshake as well. Both were very delicious, and I would love to try some of the other items on their menu. I love breakfast, greasy diners and paying in cash (the last one is a lie). I would definitely go back.
4	Awesome food. I mean....awesome. I would totally give this place five stars, but ...a.) I had to wait in line outside in the freezing cold for an hour to even get a table. b.) the service was pretty terribleI would normally take off two stars for that, but the food was THAT good. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and Lobster Bisque Soup. mmmm.
2	Don't really get the hype about this place.PROS: huge portionsCONS: bad service (the waitress didn't get my order right, and ignored us for almost the entire meal), hard and uncomfortable benches, small (we were seated right next to the door, and cold air was blowing in the entire time we were eating), food just wasn't that good. Breakfast burrito was OK. Mixed grilled was bland.
5	I love good breakfast, authentic eateries, and a wild environment; and, Deluca's has it all. It's no surprise that one can wait up to an hour in a line snaking down the block for a table on Saturday or Sunday morning.While my friend Chris and Callen were waiting in line for Pens tickets, I decided to hit up the Strip District and check out this breakfast institution. It's been featured on the Travel and Food networks, and I knew I was in store for something special. There was a huge line of people waiting in freezing weather. Since I was alone, I decided to try and skip the huge line and nab a seat at the bar, which was a stellar idea.The service here was great. Although everyone working here was buzzing around at incredible speeds, they still regularly checked in on me. After I ordered my food, it came out quickly and I had my refills of coffee. The atmosphere here is my favorite part. A long, counter bar runs the length of the establishment. Behind it are cooks hard at work on equipment that must be at least fifty years old. It it's not broken, don't fix it! I was also in the back, in full veiw of a wipeboard that helps employees keep track of everything. They needed to order five box of coffee and also didn't want employees to forget the holiday bowling party.  Simply put: this place is fun.The coffee is whatever, not bad, not great. For the food, I knew as soon as my eyes set on it: MOAB, or mother of all burritos. This was a huge soft tortilla filled with chorizo, scrambled eggs, hot banana peppers, tomatoes, onions, avocado and homefries. It's topped with salsa, cheddar and sour cream. Overall, delicious. There's a lot of flavors going on, but I really enjoyed this, and it was certainly filling enough to keep me going until dinner. Deluca's doesn't use the best ingredients, and it wasn't the most delicious breakfast, but I really enjoyed my visit. I'd go again.Bottom Line: Enjoy the show by sitting at the bar. Marvel at the staff, and soak up the atmosphere. The food's not bad either. Cash only.
3	Truthfully I don't understand what the whole hubbub is about this place. It's yummy for sure...some of the better eggs benedict and coffee I've had around these parts but an hour wait? Really? I went to Deluca's a few times (truthfully out of the urgings of a nytimes article) and was pretty disappointed each visit. It's just ok food, ok atmosphere, and bad service. Come to jersey I'll show you a good breakfast.
4	Contrary to Kenneth h.'s review, I would say there is great coffee. There is no expresso machine but its a cheaper dive place. I will say I've had cheaper breakfast in Bloomfield. But this place is worth the wait in line.
4	Deluca's is the ideal delicious, greasy spoon breakfast establishment.  It is not quite a diner, but it has that kind of vibe to it.  It's busy and a bit worn, but the menu encompasses a wide variety of breakfast and lunch items that has quite a following in Pittsburgh.  The weekend I went, the line crept out the door just after 10:00 am and was extremely long once my coworker and I got settled into our seats at the counter.Who even has a legitimate counter space anymore to serve people?The kitchen separates the two sections of counter seating and this is the heart of Deluca's.  If you can grab a seat there, do it.  From what I have read, this place has been featured on both the Food and Travel Networks and the whole time in which I was eating there, I felt like there should be a show devoted to this place's operation.  It was totally intruiging.  Up above the fryer and griddles was a huge plate of bacon to plate and send out with orders.  Egg shells were discarded wherever was away from a cooking surface and pancakes were shot out with a little dispenser to get them to a big, even size for the griddle.  It was magical.  How this place keeps orders straight, I have no idea.  Papers with orders are all over, but my meal came out correctly and so did my coworker's.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it, right?Service was extremely amiable even though they were swamped.  From the host to the counter girl, everyone was attentive and kind.  My coffee was literally bottomless--at no point was I sitting waiting for a fill up.  The coffee is not fantastic (a bit bitter) but it hits the spot and considering how many cups you can get in a sitting, it's the only flaw that I found of the place. I orderd a short stack (two) of specialty pancakes: pumpkin.  The flavor was ever present without being overwhelming.  I also ordered scrambled eggs and they were pretty good as well.  They were not perfect, a bit moist, and I prefer eggs to be cooked a bit drier.My coworker had kielbasa and really enjoyed it.  The meat looked so juicy and I regretted not getting some as well since I love that Polish sausage ohsomuch,Overall, service is prompt and food is delicious.  I'm still thinking about it and would be willing to also wait on that really long line should I ever need to again to get some of that delicious breakfast again.Oh, and if you're into cramming as much food as possible into you for a low price for breakfast, get one of the breakfast burritos.  They are bigger than your arm and filled with all sorts of good things.  The guy next to me had one and it was unreal.
4	I totally have a mini-crush on Adam Richman (you know, the Man v Food host). Nothing gets a girl smitten more than eating your way through the US. Oh c'mon. Don't act surprised. You'll have been with me through many a buffet or sugar-induced coma. So anyway, when Adam chowed down at Deluca's - I knew I had to prove my worthiness... And conquer I did...Survive the line at the door? No sweat. 20 min is nothing to me. I live in Asia now, people. It's the land of queues. Hell, people wait in line simply because there is one, even if they have no idea what it's for. Order the massive breakfast burrito? Of course. Was it bigger than my face? Check. Was it delicious? Double check. (Although, if I had one criticism, it would be put less potatoes inside and more egg. And that slice o' American cheese on top added nothing...)Ice cream for breakfast? Yessssss! Cinnamon bun hotcakes offered a delicious sugar rush, with fluffy pancakes topped with ice cream, whipped cream and delicious gooey apples and pecans. I only wish there were more apples. And pecans... And pancakes. 2 was not enough. Okay, the breakfast was tasty but not as amazing as Adam made it seem. But maybe Adam makes everything look tastier...  (oh, you know you love him too!!!)
4	Lucky find of the week.  We stumbled onto this gem just by fate.  We were hungry and did not know where to go, so we followed a couple of kids into this place and I am sure glad we did.  There was no line or wait we got in and out increadibly quick.  The server was very nice and the Breakfast Burrito had this delicious sause covering it.   My girl got an omlette with fetta cheese and spinach.  We watched the cook make it using fresh spinach and fetta.
5	This place is one of the best whole in the wall breakfast spots i've been to, ever, I put down the chocolate chip ice cream pancakes and the vegetable egg chorizo scramble combo buisness (forget the exact name)...the waitress stopped me half way through ordering and disclaimered how much food that would be, I said i know, and yes i did finish it all :)
5	Had breakfast here during a weekend trip for a game.Finally got to try the Strawberry Fields heavenly hotcakes! ( I had vanilla ice cream instead of strawberry)Ok, perfect name! Because i was definitely in breakfast Heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	To best explain this joint, it is one of the best places to grub out in Pittsburgh.  How can you not expect to eat to your heart's content when someone tells you that their pancakes come with ice cream and whipped cream, and look more like something out of Willy Wonka's factory then a griddle.  Everything on the menu reads simply: pancakes, burritos, waffles, shakes, etc.  Not too much flash, but the ensemble of food layered on top of food that is finally delivered to your table will knock out whatever hunger you brought in.Depending on when you come, you are going to have to wait, but it is definitely worth it.  Try not to fumble around with menu once you get seated, best is the look at it in line, decide, and prepare.  Prepare mentally and physically for this meal.  Everything on the menu is good.  Trust me you will not leave without feeling like that was the best breakfast ever.  And please do try to tackle something interesting on the menu.
4	Under omelets, it said "frittata". So... is it a frittata or an omelet?It's an omelet with lots of vegetables in it. So good with breakfast potatoes. There is a line to get in but it moves fast. It helps if you buy snacky stuff out on the street beforehand. We sat way back at the counter and it was perfect. Nice and quiet.I f'n loved Pittsburgh.
4	Love Deluca's Eggs Benedict! Crazy busy place, but if you're willing to sit at the counter in the back, you can get seated pretty quickly.  Cash only.
4	I waited a long time before wading into the whole Deluca's vs. Pamela's dispute, choosing to bring some friends to Deluca's because it was closest to our other errands.  I must also admit that the descriptions of Pamela's pancakes as "crepes-like" had some effect on my choosing to try Deluca's first.Of course, since we come into the city from the boondocks, we arrived at the peak of Saturday morning rush, and waited about 45 minutes to get in the door, but it was a nice, crisp, sunny autumn morning and there were lots of interesting folks to look at and speak with--everyone in line was convivial, anticipating our pending feast.Inside, the atmosphere was perfect--lots of worn formica, narrow aisles, cramped seats.  This was no showplace but a restaurant that works for a living, a diner.  The gorgeous hostess was efficient verging on brusque, and the waitstaff seemed predominantly hipster in appearnace, but once we were inside the service was swift and attentive, despite the crowds.  Not overly friendly, mind you, but I'm not here to make friends--the priority is eternally full cups of coffee and orders accurate and on time.  They rocked it.  I did traditional: pancakes, bacon, and home fries.  The pancakes taste exactly how diner pancakes are supposed to taste, the bacon was crisp but not too crisp, and the home fries were decadent and delicious.  Others in our party had the blueberry pancakes, chocolate chip pancakes, the Moab, and the famous breakfast burrito.  I snuck my fork into just about all of it and found the Moab to be especially good.Would I go back?  In a heartbeat.  I departed feeling full from the generous servings, but would gladly have gorged myself further--I'll probably get the Moab next time, Deluca's has a good thing going for it and they know it.  The prices are a little higher than similar places I've visited, but are by no means excessive--part of what you're paying for is the atmosphere in the strip as well as in the diner.  It's definitely worth the hype.
2	My family ended up in this area and since I had seen a rave review for Deluca's on Man vs Food, we decided to hit it up. Let me preface this by stating that I'm a breakfast man. It is my favorite meal of the day so I get excited when I find a place that does it right.... unfortunately, I wasn't that impressed. But, to be fair, I wasn't terribly disappointed either. I ordered chocolate chip and strawberry pancakes with whipped cream on them, scrambled eggs, and sweet sausage. My wife got that massive veggie and egg plate that they showed on MvF (I can't recall what it was). Both were acceptable, but underwhelming. My wife makes better pancakes and eggs, and the plate she ordered tasted under-seasoned. It wasn't terribly expensive so I didn't feel that it was a total waste, but surely didn't think it was worthy of its claim of "Best Breakfast in Pittsburg". I also felt that the inconvenience of cash-only would make it not worth a return visit.Also, the dining room is definitely not built for comfort. The tables were packed in so tight that we literally had to climb through another booth to get to our table and the benches were incredibly uncomfortable.
4	I found this place accidentally one morning while strolling through the Strip District hungrier than anything. Wow, what a lucky day for me! It is the perfect breakfast joint--quirky, crowded, noisy, and the food is fantastic. It's like the breakfast equivalent of Primanti Brothers. A great little local joint with great food that's probably too popular for its own good but hasn't been ruined by success.
3	Went there for lunch, had a steak and cheese sub, it was unqiue because they used thick slices of steak in the sub. But the experience was kinda so so. I'll have to try the breakfest, since I love breakfest and their supposed to be good at that. We'll see !
4	Service was slow and there was a long wait because it was a Sunday. The food was outstanding. There was a fantastic selection and I had Greek Eggs Benedict which were incredible.
4	About a 4.5 or so... I went to DeLuca's because I saw it on MvF and I was in the area for a baseball game. I wound up getting the 2 pound breakfast burrito with bacon - I must say, I highly recommend it. The bacon at DeLuca's is VERY good, and every bit of the burrito was great. $10 may seem pretty pricey, but you get two pounds of it, and it will certainly fill you up for awhile.
1	its hard to screw up breakfast they did it.... when ya tote a sign that says Pittsburgh's best breakfast back it up... thats why it got 1 star.i dont understand the hype the lines the waiting when there are a ton of other places in town that blow this place out of the water.... ritters, pamelas etc etc. the bacon was soggy  euuugh. the coffee was luke warm potatoes/homefries bland.service poor at best.dont waste your time or money on this place.
5	Awesome Breakfast.  Try any of the flavored pancakes.  My wife has had a few of the different flavors and they all have been outstanding.  Also try the Breakfast sandwich on homemade bread with Uncle Charlies Hot Sausage, it is by far the best Breakfast Sandwich I have ever had.
4	Oh boy- come hungry and leave happy-and full- but not full of diner grease.Classic diner but serving legitimate food (such as proper thickly cut bacon, non rubbery scrambled eggs, fresh pesto, fluffy pancakes, etc).  Quality surprisingly is not compromised by the giant portions and volume of customers- instead you get creative, fresh options and plenty of variety.Worth the wait!
5	Filling, fried breakfasts don't get any better than Deluca's. I was tempted to go here by the Pittsburgh episode of Man v. Food. My wife, her friend, and I got there early, around 8:00 on a Saturday morning, which was a bit painful on the weekend, but I am very glad we came when we did. Although we were seated immediately upon our arrival, by the time we left, an hour later, the line to get in was half way around the block!  Our waitress was extremely friendly, which was reassuring, because I think that waitstaff in popular, crowded establishments can be off-putting at times. However, ours was prompt and helpful. The coffee and water refills kept on coming.I ordered the grilled vegetable platter with chorizo, which was absolutely humongous! The chorizo was in patty form, nicely browned, and just a bit spicy. I got some hot sauce and poured it on. The vegetables were amazingly not greasy, but steamed on the griddle. It was mostly onions and peppers, as far as I can recall. I thought, "My God. This is ridiculous." However, a few minutes later, I had thoroughly disgusted myself by eating the entire thing! I may have loosened by belt by the time I was done.My recommendation: Go early. Go big. There is a "healthy options" portion in the very extensive menu, but why do this to yourself? It would be like ordering a hot dog in a seafood restaurant. This is Deluca's. It's busy, legendary, and unique. Live it up!
4	After reading the reviews about the line and wait, we got here at about 8:00 on a Saturday morning and were seated right away. The menu is extensive and I was having a hard time choosing what to get. After some thought, I went with the strawberry pancakes and scrambled eggs. Breakfast sausage came with it but that went to my husband. He ordered a breakfast sandwich, after seeing the amazing bread it came on. One thing I liked was that they were really accommodating with making things just the way you want. My husband wanted scrambled eggs on his breakfast sandwich and that wasn't a problem! Service was quick and our food arrived shortly.My pancakes were delicious, however I was disappointed with the strawberries-they were FROZEN! Well, thawed out but a mushy, pre-frozen strawberry mess! I understand this is a diner, but I guess in June I was just expecting some fresh strawberries. The eggs were good, nothing spectacular. My husband enjoyed his breakfast sandwich but said the sausage that came with mine was tough and he didn't eat much of it. We were in and out in less than 30 minutes.Overall, it was a decent breakfast, but I would definitely order something different if I were to return. The service was fast and friendly, but I would have been disappointed if we had waited awhile for that breakfast.
2	I visited here from out-of-state to check it out.  My first observation was that it was quite proud of itself for being "the best breakfast in Pittsburgh".  I got here right at 8 am on a Saturday, and so the lines weren't out the door and down the street by that time.  However, once I got seated - 8:10 am or so - the line by then had already gotten rather long.  Make sure you come here early.Multiple food shows, most notably Man v. Food, have come here to check out their breakfast.  Their menu, for starters, is extremely long.  They have everything ranging from a 2-pound breakfast burrito to pancakes covered with whipped cream and strawberries to large omelettes.  However, I got the Mixed Grill, as it was what the server recommended.The Mixed Grill was not good at all.  The eggs were good, but I didn't think the veggies tasted that fresh.  After a while, the taste of each bite got pretty predictable.  Unlike what Adam famously said on Man v. Food, the Mixed Grill was not at all healthy despite having tons of veggies.  This place is a greasy spoon, health nuts beware.The service was always busy, and it seemed as if they didn't have enough staff available to tend to all our needs.  The layout is also fairly small, but the location prohibits it from expanding much.While I also could have probably picked the wrong thing to order, Deluca's is not for the claustrophobic or the impatient.
4	Great breakfast with the family. Busy but we got a seat for 8 in about 15 minutes. Wish they had some black t-shirts!
5	Saw the delicious looking food at Deluca's on Man vs. Food and stopped by when I was in Pittsburgh.Although I had to wait about 20 minutes to get a seat, it was well worth the wait. Everything on the menu and other people's plates looked absolutely amazing, so it was hard to choose what to order. I ended up selecting the Reese's Cup, which is one of their many Hot Cake Sundaes. The Reese's Cup was two very large hotcakes with peanut butter chocolate chips cooked inside. It also had chocolate ice cream, chocolate syrup, caramel topping, honey roasted pecans, and whipped cream on top. Although I didn't really feel like I was eating breakfast, I didn't really care because it was so good. Deluca's is delicious, unique, and has a ton of variety on the menu.Can't wait to go back!
3	I finally visited this place.  I, however, did not order the famous breakfast pancakes with ice cream and whipped topping.  Instead, I got a fish sandwich and fries.  My friends ordered breakfast and they said it was delicious.  The fish sandwich was good.  It was what I expected.  The water tasted terrible.The restaurant was extremely busy.  It took us at least a half hour or more to get in the door.  Every employee was running around like crazy and the kitchen floor was covered in food.  It was so busy that there was no time for them to clean.  The seating is cramped and there really is no ambiance.  I recommend ordering the pancakes featured on Man vs. Food to experience what the place is famous for.  The low score is due to the wait-time, cramped feeling when entering and sitting down at a table, and the overall craziness all around you while eating.I don't really have the urge to return unless there is no line to get in.
5	This place was awesome. We showed up here on the hottest day of the year and the AC was trying mightily but not quite succeeding. I felt bad for the waitstaff that had to stay there the entire day.I had the Reese's pancakes sundae with no whipped cream. Good god. The only thing that could make pancakes better is ice cream, really. They were light and fluffy and so sweet I couldn't finish them. Fab.T had a Greek wrap that was AWESOME. It was served hot with chicken fresh off the flat top. It was grilled before being served so the spinach was wilted and the feta was heated through. Really awesome. I had a tad of food envy. The wrap was served with onion rings that were also pretty good.A great local spot in the Strip!
4	Deluca's is the other famous breakfast diner in Pittsburgh.  Like Pamela's, its independently owned, but offers amazing breakfast/brunch/lunch foods.  On weekends they have Lobser Bisque!  Every time I went to Strip District I've always seen kajillion people outside waiting in line, so I decided that I want to try it.Like Pamela's, they offer a variety of breakfast foods, although more.  The options range from omelets to pancakes to hot cakes and crepes and waffles, and then sandwiches and soups.  I ordered Nutella Chocolate Banana Crepe, and the Sheep ordered their special for today, Cheeseburger Omelets which came with homefries.I really loved my crepe.  It was wrapped around creamy ricotta cheese, a banana, chocolate chips, and Nutella spread.  However, the crepe itself was thicker than I expected - I would say it was more like a hotcake.  However, they also have hotcakes and pancakes, so I'm assuming hotcakes are even thicker (or greasier, since the Pamela's ones are).  The thing that I loved about the meal was that it was not greasy.  Pamela's is too greasy for me; it makes me feel like I just chugged a bottle of oil by the time I finish the meal.  Also, the ricotta cheese inside the crepe was amazing.  It was creamy, and went really well to balance out the sweetness of Nutella and chocolate chips.  Overall, this is possibly the best crepe I have ever had.The Sheep really liked the cheeseburger omelet too.  He said that it just tasted like hamburger meat and eggs at first, but as he ate closer to the center it became really cheesey, and he loved it.  The home fries were crispy and was good.  He really loved his meal too.The only problem with this diner is that the wait was very long.  It took us probably 20 minutes to get in, which was around 9:30am.  By the time we left, probably 10:30 ish the line was still as long.  I would say it is very much worth the wait, even under the hot sun.  =)
4	Great portions, good flavor. So many choices on the menu, you could go 100 times and not eat the same thing twice. Cash only
3	I was extremely excited to come to Deluca's for a morning breakfast.  After seeing it on Man vs Food and hearing that it is one of Pittsburgh's best places for breakfast, how can I not be excited.  However, leaving the bustling breakfast place, I found myself very disappointed.I did my research before I came here.  My mother and I only had one more day together before I went back to school, and I wanted the meal to be great.  I knew what I wanted to order before I even opened the front door to the place: the Seafood Omelette.I made this decision based mostly off of my love for seafood and avocado.  However, when I got the dish, I was saddenedTo start off with, there were only 3 little slivers of avocado spaced on top of the massive omelette.  You would think for the $13 I would get a little more, but I let it go.  I then started eating the omelette.  My first bite was shrimp; then, my next bite was shrimp; then, my next bite was once again, you guessed it, shrimp.  After I was done eating, I recalled only tasted one bite of crab.  Never did my taste buds or my eyes even see any lobster.  Very Very disappointing for the most expensive omelette on the menu.Also, the restaurant messed up my order and gave me hash browns when I wanted the tomatoes.  The hash browns were not good at all either.  My mother and I didn't even eat either side order (which is really rare that we don't eat something).  Finally, when the waitress set down my plate she said, "Oh, I will be right back with your toast."  Well, she never came back.  When she did, she was apologetic, but my mother and I had already finished our meals.  In the place's defense, the omelette was good, but it just was not what anyone should expect from one of the most expensive items on the menu; especially when there is suppose to be lobster and crab inside.  My mothers Eggs Benedict was also very good, so no complaints with her meal, except the bad hash browns.Like I told my mom, the 3 star rating means that I would go back and eat, but I would defiantly try somewhere else in the area before I go back.
4	Great place. Great breakfast. My advice get there early and with appetite.
3	I really don't get the hype. Jojo's is way better, as is Pamela's.
4	After finding JoJo's Restaurant boarded up, we ventured over to Deluca's around 1:30pm. The place had certainly died down from the brunch craziness so we were able to be seated immediately. Huge menu = indecisive me however I ordered simple - eggs, meat (chorizo), homefries and toast along with one hotcake and some coffee. The breakfast was delicious with ample portions and for relatively affordable price about 7 bucks then 2 for the hotcake. Server was nice and checked in periodically - the wait staff that we interacted with were all friendly. While Deluca's is a diner and I expect some grease, I felt their floors were a little much as I had to make sure I wasn't sliding when walking out the door. I would come back to Deluca's though would go elsewhere if the line was long. Good but not an hour wait long good.
3	Went here for a late lunch or even later breakfast with a friend. I had the Banana Peppers omelet with the hot sausage. I felt like something with a bit of a kick. There were tons of banana peppers but the amount of meat paled in comparison so I wasn't super happy about that. But it was good, just not good enough. While we were seated very quickly, the food took a while to come out or I imagined it to be longer than it was b/c I was ravenously hungry...who knows. But maybe that's normal for this place. I would like to check this place out again and try one of the pancake specialties. I saw folks around us getting what looked to be a pancake sundae - mmmm...sugar rush! They had a ton of options which made it hard to choose what I wanted. Also the menu is quite busy (with graphics and colors and nonsense) which made it even more difficult to focus. When presented with so many options, I just feel scattered and couple that with visual distractions and I feel ADD. While I may not opt for the omelet next time around I will be stopping by this place again to give it another try.
3	DeLuca's is a classic diner experience.  The portions are massive and the food is decent.  The scrambled eggs and pancakes stood out as best in class.  I ordered the MOAB which I was told is 2.5 lbs of food.  It was good but the chorizo was slightly burned which effected the overall flavor.   Service was attentive and really outstanding.   Set expectation to "big" and enjoy!!
4	Very no frills place and exactly what we were looking for!What we sampled: Steel City Breakfast (Eggs with american cheese (I don't even like eggs and these were stellar), Biscuits (yum), hash browns (under seasoned, but good), chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes (enough said ;) ). The MOAB (Mother of all burritos is right!  This thing was packed full and delicious!)Overall the service was good and the food was hearty and reasonably priced.  Just remember to bring cash and an empty stomach!
4	Whenever I visit a city that I haven't been to before, I insist on eating at a place that is true to the character of that city.  After my visit to Deluca's, I have no hesitation in claiming that this restaurant is Pittsburgh at its finest.  This efficient and popular greasy-spoon joint serves up hearty meals at a decent price.  They claim to offer the "best breakfast in town," and I wouldn't argue with that statement...nor would the millions of other people who waited 30+ minutes to even get into the restaurant on the cold, wet, and snowy Saturday morning I went.  I ordered the seasonal pumpkin pancake special, and I was pleasantly surprised that they gave me the option of ordering kielbasa as the side meat instead of just the usual ham or breakfast sausage.I almost feel bad giving this place just 4 stars because I really liked it.  But alas, it just wasn't my favorite type of food, and as much as the long wait and cash-only policy is characteristic of this diner-style restaurant, it wasn't exactly pleasant.  Beware that if you come during a busy time with a large group (5+ people), expect to wait a bit longer than smaller groups.
4	I always made fun of all the people standing in line on the weekend mornings waiting to have breakfast at DeLuca's that was until I found myself waiting in that same line. I happened to be in Pittsburgh for the weekend visiting friends when it was suggested to try the place out. There had to be 30 or so people in line waiting to get into the place on a Saturday morning. It probably took 30 to 45 minutes to get to the front but the plus side is there is a coffee shop a few doors down to get something warm to drink. When we finally got it we were seated at the counter which was a fine place to sit considering you can watch all the cooks running around like crazy turning out food by the minute. There are lots of things that look good but I settled on an omelet with a bunch of vegetables and covered in three kinds of cheese that was downright awesome. My friend also had some combination of eggs and veggies which he proceeded to polish off something I could not do. We were also witness to a few people tackling the pancakes with the sundae on top. Good luck with that on early morning. I am not sure it is the best breakfast in town but it is certainly worth the wait especially if it's not too cold outside. I will be back.
2	Decided to give Deluca's a try one Sunday for lunch because we were on the strip and I was in the mood for breakfast/brunch food.  Overall, I'd have to say that I left thinking it was nothing special and, later, feeling like it was very overhyped, when I found out Deluca's is somewhat of a Pittsburgh Icon.Food was ok, but I did find HAIR IN MY FRENCH TOAST.  Which of course, made things rather unappealing, even after a new order was brought to me.Service was average to poor.  The server didn't seemed to be too shocked or sorry about the fact that there was hair in my food.
4	This is your standard dive diner with good breakfast.
5	At first glance, it looks like any other typical grungy little diner.  Until you try the food - absolute heaven.Had the cinnamon french toast with scrambled eggs - the french toast was hot and chewy and sweet, but the eggs... OMG, the eggs.   Best I've ever had.  Seems silly, but very few know how to make them well.All the dishes looked great - smelled yummy and were HUGE.Long wait in line, and cash only - but definitely will be back
4	Really enjoyed our trip to Steeler town and eating at this diner.   Don't expect to lose weight after this outing but that goes without saying when you visit a diner.  Try the seafood eggs benedict or any of the other items as I do not think you will be unhappy.  Another nice aspect of eating here is the ability to burn some of the calories you consumed by visiting the many shops and businesses nearby- they go on for blocksVibe:  It is a diner!  Check out the pics on YelpService:  No complaints- cooked as requestedFood:  Not gourmet, but very good!
3	My girlfriend and I have been here and it seems to be pretty average overall.  The food was ok, but nothing spectacular.  I think it falls a little short of the hype.  Breakfast is a cherished event and we just expected a little more from the food and service.  Both were good, but definitely not anything excellent.  Chorizo was not that good.  Pancakes might be a better bet.
5	This is an easy five stars for an Pittsburgh institution that's kept itself relevant.Service is great. Servers are super friendly and come by at the perfect frequency for coffee refills, etc.Food is excellent. The menu is very prolific, pretty much every diner breakfast option you can imagine plus burritos, etc. There's a lot of veg on this menu and a lot of avocado which makes me very happy, indeed.Prices are reasonable. Expect to pay $5 for a regular 2 eggs and toast type breakfast and $7-11 for anything else. Coffee is $2.OH! The most important little secret about this place: They take reservations. I had a group of 10 friends come into town and we made reservations for saturday morning. It was a blast waltzing in with that many people and skipping past the line that was out the door.
5	If you are a fan of breakfast food, you will be a fan of Deluca's Restaurant. That is really all that needs to be said about this iconic Pittsburgh breakfast spot. If you are reading this however, I am sure you would probably like a little bit more information on what is actually happening here.Located in the Strip District, and featured on Man v. Food, Deluca's Restaurant is the top choice for those looking for some grub to start their day off. During our visit, we arrived later in the morning and were greeted with a line that went out of the building and extended onto the cold sidewalk outside. However, the line moved very fast, and the employees did everything they could to get people in and out in the most productive way possible.After being seated, and looking over the menu, I decided to get the Steel City breakfast, which is basically a little bit of everything on the menu. In fact, I felt a little glutenous when they brought out my three plates of food, but hey, I needed to get my foodie on. From the eggs, to the french toast, everything I ate was absolutely delicious. Greasy, and delicious. It was one of those meals that is just so delicious, that you don't even take the time to make conversation with your fellow diners because you are too busy stuffing your face.I wish that Deluca's was here in Cincinnati. I would go to this wonderful restaurant every morning if I could. If you live in Pittsburgh, don't take this gift for granted. To do so, would be a great dishonor.
5	There is a line at the door on Saturday mornings, but it moves quickly.  If possible, sit at the counter to watch the frenetic activity at the grill.The portions are huge and the quality very good.  We enjoyed the ranchero omelet and the French toast with blueberries.
3	Seems like a great place to go for a hangover, but I wasn't very impressed.  We went late morning on a Saturday, so naturally there was a huge line.  The atmosphere was fun, like your typical popular, greasy spoon.  The food was just average...spicy, greasy, make you run for the bathroom, gut-busting, giant menu, heart attack-inducing joint.
3	Delucas,the iconic Pittsburgh breakfast spot in the strip. People rave about this place and Pamelas, and to both i wonder why? I see lines of people waiting outside of Deluca's and I wonder how many of these are returning customers or people just inspired by the novelty.This is not to say its bad, but it IS overrated.My better half and I both arrived with starving appetites, and the portions were very generous. I give them kudos for prompt service in the malestrom of customers. The menu options are diverse and unique. Perhaps if I try more I could revamp my opinion.I ordered a concoction of fried chicken, gravy, home fries and scrambled eggs. It was greasy and tasty, but maybe my expectations were too high? Perhaps I have also been spoiled by similar food elsewhere in Pittsburgh that remains off the beaten path and for half the price. Thanks Delucas, it was fun, but its me...not you. We can still be friends right?
4	Tasks place is awesome. Though to be honest I don't think it's the best in Pittsburgh as it prides itself on; Pamela's diner, which is right around the corner to De Luca's, holds that title in my opinion. Still, I highly recommend this to anyone looking for an awesome breakfast place, right after Pamela's that is.
5	This place is beyond incredible. The environment, the coffee, the service, the pancakes, the amazing breakfast potatoes with bits of semi-burnt crispiness.Go. Now.
5	Who complains when they have a belly full of Deluca's Pancakes??This place rocks!! On a recent trip back east, I was able to try this restaurant. We love trying and going to small diners that provide great food, large portions and a manageable prices.I had the warm apple pancakes....OMG....so so good.Try anything on the menu.....its all good!!Def new fav in the Strip District!
4	I went with the egg, cheese, and ham sandwhich with the lobster bisque soup. Since it was early afternoon I wanted more of the brunch feel. The sandwhich bread was well buttered but small compared to the large portion of egg, ham and cheese. The ham slab was overwelming so I removed at least half. Next time I will stick with just the egg and cheese sandwhich. Cash only policy was a totally let down but the prices were good since its a dinner.
2	Huge line and not worth the wait. If you want a greasy breakfast than this is your place... I wasn't impressed.
4	Deluca's is your typical hole-in-the-wall.  It can get a tad smoky, not the cleanest, the line is always long- out the door and down the sidewalk, and I've never personally had the greatest service BUT they do deliver when it comes to the food.  We always leave satisfied and have yet to be disappointed!Love the mixed grill along with a side of pancakes......
2	OK maybe I was overly optimistic about the hype of this place, but it wasn't that great.  There was a block long line outside on a Sunday morning to get a table for breakfast.  They were definitely efficient and had great service.  A lot of the breakfast menu items looked like they belonged on a dessert or ice cream parlor menu, rather than a diner. I had huevos rancheros.  The crumbled chorizo was salty enough to choke a horse and there was a lot of it, I wouldn't recommend it.  Another person with us had the breakfast burrito, which he said was overly filled with mismatched odds and ends.  He took the half he couldn't eat there and finished it later.  Our other companion had something else in a burrito and took half of that home also. In my opinion Deluca's needs to focus more on quality and less on quantity.  Maybe the pancakes and waffles are better, but we didn't have them.
5	I give 5 stars sparingly and Deluca's is completely deserving. We waited outside in the sweltering heat, during prime brunch time, for almost 30 minutes but knew it was worth the wait. There is nothing fancy or classy about this place which is actually quite endearing. The menu? Basically anything you can imagine for brunch. Really happy we got to visit this Pittsburgh staple after almost a year of living here. Portions are insanely big but we love leftovers so it wasn't an issue.
3	Nice little greasy spoon with a line of people waiting to be seated. French Toast and Eggs Benedict were good, as were the potatoes. But bring cash since they don't take debit/credit cards.
4	The portions are big; the food is good; the kitchen is quick; and the prices are reasonable.  What more could you want in a greasy spoon?I finally got around to trying this Pittsburgh landmark in the Strip District, and I was pleasantly surprised by what I found.  The pancakes were delicious (thick and rich), and everything else was acceptable or better--not to mention plentiful (with my meal I received a mountain of home fries, eggs, bacon, sausage and toast...not bad, especially given the prices).The one strike against this place (aside from the waits if you come at peak times) was that the waiter acknowledged but then ignored all requests for drink refills, leaving me thirsty for more water and my companion rationing the smallest $2 cup of diner coffee anyone ever received.  If I find this issue persistent over multiple visits (and I'll certainly be back), that will probably cost them a star, but for now I'll overlook one server having one bad day and give this place a reasonably enthusiastic endorsement.Deluca's is too good a value to not try again.
4	No two ways about it, this is a classic old style diner.  It has been in existance since 1951.  I went on a Fri morning and they were crowded but I was able to get a seat at the counter.  I was told that it would have been much busier on a sat or sun.There was some disagreement between two waitresses as who would take my order.  A few sharp words were spoken between them.First thing, the menu is a novel.  It takes too long to read it.  Places that concentrate on making a few items generally do a better job at it.  I didn't have to wait too long for my breakfast.  I ordered eggs benedict with a side of corned beef hash browns.  The eggs were cooked perfectly but the sauce was not a hollandaise and had no lemon flavor at all.  That detracted from the flavor.  One thing to know ahead of time is that they only take cash.  No credit cards.  Apparently this is somewhat common in the Strip from what I was told.
2	My experience eating at this place resembles Manny T's. I only give it a 2nd star because it was open on a day when everything else was closed. The fact that some Yelpers give this restaurant 5 stars, and it has an overall rating of 4 stars, really diminishes Yelp's credibility in my mind. 'Disgusting' is a big word, but this place comes close.
4	Since Pamela's had a ridiculous wait, we came here, which just has a line rather than a system of putting your name down. Much shorter though, so we got breakfast here and it was just what we needed.I got the corned beef hash, well done/crispy, and was super satisfied. It still looks like the canned hash rather than homemade, but cooked perfectly and there was plenty of food. I didn't even need my toast, which he actually brought much later.My one negative point was he never checked on our water or coffee. I put my empty coffee cup at the edge of my table, and he walked by briskly a few times with coffee but only served the table he was getting orders from. He was so busy if I missed him while he ran by, I wouldn't see him for a while unless I only paid attention to him. I'd rather eat than stare at a waiter. In the end I didn't get more coffee because it was such a hassle. I guess you can't have everything! And they can't have five stars.
4	Had to visit this diner on my first trip to Pittsburgh. We waited outside in the rain but it wasn't too long. Inside was so cute and cozy and everyone was so friendly. We were seated in the back away from the hustle and bustle and we were able to enjoy a huge greasy breakfast. Ordered: Western omelette, short stack of cinnamon bun pancakes, blackberry blintzes and a side of bacon. Everything was good, especially the blintzes. The blackberries on the blintzes were ginormous. When we commented on them, the server brought us some even bigger ones on the side. Coffee was excellent, not bitter at all. Liked this place a lot!
5	My favorite breakfast location in Pittsburgh. Very friendly staff. The breakfast special which is served until 9 am is a great deal.
4	Well worth the 20 minute wait!  I had the caramel apple crepes and a side of hot sausage (which, yes, is SMOKING HOT)....the service was about what you'd expect for a crazy-busy Saturday morning, but everything was on point.  Can't wait for my next trip!
3	The highlights:Good servers that keep checking in on you as necessary. Everyone we talked to was very nice.Very good pancakes, whether they're plain or with syrup.Great home fries. Very crispy and oily, just as i would hope for.Good eggsGood crispy baconThe lowlights:They don't offer pure maple syrup, even for an extra charge. I know it's expensive to give out, but I'd gladly pay for it.Weak coffee / iced coffee. It's pretty terrible, actually. Also, their only sugar sub. is knockoff sweet n low. Our waitress was great and offered me acouple of Splenda from her own stash. It's a small thing.Notes:Milkshake was thin but tasty and service was fast. I'd come back here if i were in the city!
4	I came one Saturday morning for brunch and I must say it's worth the wait. The line moves surprisingly fast because the waiters and busboys are super efficient. Tried the feta spinach omelet and their chocolate banana hotcake special. I was very satisfied and even more satisfied with the staff. They were attentive, constantly pouring coffee, and always checking up on my friend and I. The atmosphere is warm and the customers all seem to be enjoying themselves.
3	Huge portions. That's the first thing that comes to my mind. They have a huge variety of food as well which is great for someone who's not that big into standard breakfast fare. The quality and taste of the food is not as good as it should be for the amount of time you will spend standing in line waiting for a table on a Saturday or Sunday at breakfast/brunch time. It's cool to watch the line cooks make your food, but it's almost stressful to watch the servers and cooks running around, yelling orders, and wiping sweat off their brows. Don't sit at the bar during a breakfast rush if you expect to have a relaxing meal.
4	The crepes and the omelette are simply delicious. I tried the newyorker omelette and pecan banana crepe and they both are awesome. Large portion size and extremely satisfying. The service is very prompt and the place is buzzing!!!!!!. Coffee is a little below par, but the bread from local bakery is very fresh. The reason I docked one point was for the wait time and they only accept cash.
5	The whole family loved it! Have to visit again!
4	My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I went down to the Strip District one very warm Saturday morning on a whim.  We didn't know where or what we wanted to eat and down there, there are more than a few options to pick from.  Dizzy from all of the choices (and perhaps low blood sugar), we walked past Deluca's.  My PIC commented on the fact that he heard that place was "good" and it was featured on the Food Network.  He had me at "good" (granted, I don't watch Food Network).  Anywho, apparently we got there at just the right time between breakfast and lunch because we got seated immediately.  We were greeted by a detached if not surly waiter.  He was efficient in taking our orders and getting our food.  Unfortunately, we never saw him again after that (except to get our bill of course).  Despite the mediocre service, the food iteself was excellent.  The true diner menu, with its seemingly hundreds of selections, had a breakfast highlight as all diners do.  My PIC and I happily obliged the menu and ordered two different breakfasts.  I got the biscuits and sausage gravy and he got a breakfast with gigantic pancakes.  The portions were huge and the food was tasty.  The people next to us had breakfast burritos that made our breakfasts look puny in comparison.  Or maybe it was me being star struck by the "Tom Cruise's ass was here" plaque.  We agreed that our next trip would include those (burritos, not Tom Cruise). Unfortunately, the last time my PIC and I tried to go to Deluca's, there was a line around the block.  We didn't feel like waiting, so we went elsewhere.  I do have to say though, that I wish we had waited in line for Deluca's instead of going "elsewhere".  That's a regret I will take to my grave.  Just wait in line at Deluca's.  It's worth it.
4	After reading some of the negative  remarks I had to chime in.  First and foremost please realize this is a local, greasy spoon, neighborhood, breakfast like dinner with history, reputation and the Burg flare.  Is that a run-on sentence? Anyway, I doubt anyone from California will "get it".  Although I would expect those from the east coast or even the great lake cities to be able to identify with it.  This isn't a bad thing.  I appreciate trendy light food as much as the next Yelper, but don't go here looking for a fusion dinner with wi-fi and a coffee bar.Yes, bring cash, be willing to wait in line, and it is a little dirty.   I am a coffee snob, so they could improve their coffee.But, the staff is fun, the kitchen is quick and the portions are big.  The food is good hardy breakfast food.  My son particularly likes to get the waffles with ice cream.  Being an athlete who can't consumes enough calories in a day, I say go for it!  The other  kids like the pancakes while my wife and I like the omelets... Enjoy before heading out to the strip to buy some fresh food!  Or, if its been a long night,  enjoy before heading home to bed...You decide.
3	I had brunch there, I went for the ham steak! It was okay, nothing special.I guess the characteristic of the place is huge plates, which is not really my type, but if some one wants to pay 13$ and eat like 3 people's breakfast, this place is a good one! One thing I don't like was I asked for substitute for my home fries to fruit cup, but they brought me both and charge me for both! The lady was so nice, so I did not say anything! We were +5 so we were able to reserve the place, otherwise there is a long long long line for it!
5	The breakfast burrito and Belgian waffle sundae were great.  The service was quick and the coffee was tasty and plentiful.  My only regret is that I didn't eat more.  If you get a chance it's worth a shot, the menu is very diverse.
3	Classic greasy dinner food. Try Cafe on the Strip for better Italian french toast and shorter line.
2	I personally think that this place is pretty overrated.  I've gone a several times, and I'm never satisfied.  Maybe I'm just not a fan of super greasy and unoriginal breakfasts?  Not my top pick in the city by any means.  Also, it's ridiculous how busy this place gets for what they offer.  And it feels dirty.  So I'll go elsewhere.
3	This place is OK for taste and great for service and portion size. I think the perception is overrated and if folks had to do a blind taste test that this place would not come in as the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.The menu items are creatively Pittsburgh. The kielbasa omelet is one item that sticks out in my head. I ended up ordering the spinach and feta omelet. It was huge and properly cooked. My wife ordered a corn beef sandwich which also came out as expected. Everything was good and I would definitely go back again, but not so good that I would wait 30 minutes for a table.
5	This is the quintessential breakfast experience in Pittsburgh! I've been all over the world and eaten at some spectacular place and I can say that Deluca's ranks right up there with then. The service is a 10/10 with the staff that is fast, nice and very thorough. The food is fantastic diner food. I asked the waitress which omelette is the most ordered and the best tasting and without hesitation, she said the 'Deluca Omelette' which is a 4-egg omelette with all the fixin's inside it. WOW!! It was simply unbelievable. The coffee is awesome too!From now on, this will be a staple for a family visit when we are in Pittsburgh next. Can not wait!
3	Our server was incredibly attentive and polite. I accidentally ordered eggs that had ham in them (  vegetarian) and our server traded it out at no charge. My dining partner and I assured him that we would pay for the extra dish because it was our mistake--and said dining partner even ATE the offending eggs to prove it. Still, no charge. We left a sizeable tip to compensate the place, which was our meager compromise with ourselves. Still, the food was only so-so. My omelet was overly greasy, as were the potatoes. Great service, fun atmosphere, but my experience with the actual food was nothing spectacular.
4	We have been here on our last two stops in Pittsburgh and it is awesome.  The first time I was here was Easter morning and the line was out the door.  The staff was super friendly and fast.  My son had a breakfast burritto with Chicken and it was HUGE and a growing 14 year olds dream breakfast.This past week end I visited with my daughter as part of our visit to Univeristy of Pitt.  She loved it too.  She had the apple crepe's and gave it a big thumbs up.  I ordered the Pumpkin Pancakes (seasonal offering)  with eggs and sausage and was so very happy.  The service is amazing.  They are fast!  It's great to sit at the counter and watch the cooks.  Cracked eggs litter the floor.  The atmosphere is fun and has a great local flair.  Worth your time to walk the neighborhood and shop for meats, pasta, seasonings etc.  I will be back next time I am in Pittsburgh.
4	Yes, Deluca's is the iconic breakfast spot in Pittsburgh and one of the few places I will wait in line for breakfast on a weekend.  In the snow.  Why?  Do you really need reasons?  Well, for one, the breakfast burrito that barely fits on the plate.  For another, the Steel City Breakfast of Champions that includes all the breakfast food staples.  Need more?  The Bionic Omelet made of 6 eggs and as many fillings.  I've taken on all of these challenges (not at once) and triumphed 2 of the 3 times.  (The Bionic Omelet's onions got the better of me and I just couldn't finish.)  And I just have to love any place that serves Mancini's Italian toast.This place can get busy, but it runs like a machine.  Sit at the counter by the grill on a Saturday or Sunday morning and just watch in amazement at how quickly and efficiently orders are filled when there's a line out the door.  Sometimes the wait service can be a little slow.  And it is still a cash only establishment.  But it is still my go-to breakfast spot in the Strip.  The prices I sometimes feel can be a little steep, but then I see the portion size and it makes sense.  Deluca's is always, in a word, dependable.
5	Nothing to add that hasn't been mentioned by all the other five-star reviewers. My family and I enjoyed a perfect breakfast this morning. And I will add that the peanut butter-banana milkshake was quite possibly the greatest shake I've ever eaten.
5	This is a must for breakfast in the Pittsburgh Strip District! I have never tried them, but they have many kinds of dessert pancakes. Lots of breakfast options. Can be busy - especially on the weekend. Great experiences there!
4	I know this place typically has a long wait but somehow I snuck in on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar for breakfast right away.  The service was amazingly fast.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it literally came out in less than 30 seconds.  I was sitting next to the grill so I saw that they really made it and didn't just reheat something and their speed is impressive!  The food was pretty tasty but it had a bit too much chorizo (and I love meat).  Huge portion sizes and definitely a very Pittsburgh sort of place.  Don't go here if you are looking for something healthy ;)I went back again later with a couple of friends and we all had a great experience.  The portions are HUGE and everything was delicious.  I think my friend's omelet had like 6 eggs and at least a pound of meat.
2	DeLuca's does a relatively expensive breakfast, much like Pamela's and Square Cafe.  The food is good, but, like Pamela's, they don't take credit cards.  If the food was inexpensive, like Ritter's, I could understand this.  But when breakfast rings in at $15?  Pretty much inexcusable not to take plastic.
5	The pancakes were amazing! I had a blueberry pancake and bacon and my husband had the French toast combo. Everything was amazing!
4	Great gem of Pittsburgh.  Half the reason we went was from reading other Yelp reviews so Kudos to all of you! Went for breakfast and got the breakfast burrito.  Let's just say that was the breakfast AND lunch burrito.  The portions were huge but great flavor combinations.  Would love to go back and try some more traditional options because everything that was walking by me looked delish!! Go hungry
4	Best breakfast in town. If you're not there at the crack of dawn, expect to wait in line. Worth it.
4	Descriptive phrase: Greasy-spoon Diner.DeLuca's wins the breakfast battle between here and Pamela's in my opinion.It's located directly on the main drag of the Strip, which earns it a nod. It actually looks and feels like an old-school diner, and you can tell not much has changed inside since it opened decades ago.We were seated promptly around brunchtime but almost as soon we we sat there was a line behind us 30 people deep. On a Monday, mind you. Our waiter was rushed the whole time but the bus-boys walking around were helpful as well. It's loud, but in a neighborhood-feel kind of way. There are a bunch of people manning the long grill behind the counter, and they seem like they're enjoying themselves more than you'd think.The menu is absolutely ginormous. I start with a chocolate milk ($1.79) and order the Califronia Benedict ($7.99) to follow. What a delicious mess of avocado, tomatoes, spinach, cheddar, all on top of poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. Absolutely fantastic. There was just much of the dense food that it was hard to get it all down in one sitting. It came with potatoes as well.It's cash only, which seems to be a theme in Pittsburgh. Maybe I was just feeling nostalgic and DeLuca's reminds me a lot of Mickey's in Madison, WI, but I really enjoyed this place. I think you will too.
4	After reading some positive reviews, we decided to venture over to the Strip District to round up some brunch at Deluca's. It seemed like the rest of the city had the same idea, but I was committed to visiting here and leaving satisfied. Done.Yes, you'll wait for a table (and probably even wait outside), but the cooks, servers and bus boys moved very efficiently, knocking out orders for all the small booths and tables. Once we were seated, one menu item called out to me: Texas Cinnamon French Toast with eggs and bacon. Oh, and coffee, of course.In no time at all, it was all sitting in front of me and in no time at all, it was all gone. The scrambled eggs were pretty standard, the bacon was perfectly cooked (not fatty and not burnt to a crisp) and the French toast was sweet and delicious, even without adding any syrup.As already mentioned, the service was prompt and the prices were reasonable. However, this is a "Cash Only" spot, so keep the plastic in your wallet.
4	Yes, Deluca's is very good .  Yes, they make a great breakfast.  However, is it worth waiting in line forever on Sunday morning? No.Deluca's is an iconic place that people seem to swarm to and I appreciate that but I go early in the AM and enjoy their food without the really crazy waits others seem to love to endure.Weightlifter breakfast is really tastey.
4	Deluca's in the strip district def defines a trip to Pittsburgh - I ordered hot turkey sandwich with gravy and mash- with out a doubt good! Staff was friendly...
5	Fantastic Italian Sandwich. The best sandwich I have ever had.  And the service was outstanding. The waitress truly knew what I wanted before I did. Please dont pass up this place.
3	We have been going to strip for grocery shopping and notice that there was a line in front of it. We finally tried it today. Yeah, it is a greasy spoon. I don't know if it's very cheap but it's definitely a huge portion. I had a strawberry crepe and my husband had a huevos rancheros. We just moved from Phx to here and we had a better huevos rancheros that is not made out of the can. mine is better but it is very much a diner food.
3	Deluca's you little famous gem you, so coveted that your loyal patrons and out of towners wind around the door and and down street for breakfast. What is to say that cannot already be said....I've eaten here a couple of times, I loved the bacon it was thicker cut, plenty of it they definitely do not do wimpy portions here. This is an arggh meat and potatoes and off to work the railroad or steel mill type joint. I do not love their home fries or has browns, whichever they are kind of flavorless, I also did not love their huevos rancheros idea ~ why put it on the menu if it doesn't have the right beans or any beans? There are other menu options which are ok but not much diversity on the menu. Seating is tight and tiny it gets very sweaty in the summer. Cash only.... so be ready with a fistful of green (naw you won't really need a fistful prices are actually pretty moderate here.
4	I recommend arriving at Deluca's early. I came with a group of six at about 8:45, and we were very lucky to be seated within 25 minutes as two tables opened up beside each other. By the time our food arrived, the line extended past the beyond the field of view from inside.This time I order peanut butter pancakes with scrambled eggs and kielbasa. The eggs were good, and the pancakes and kielbasa were great. I was expecting house pancakes smeared with peanut butter but received pancakes infused with peanut butter flavor; they were soft and fluffy yet concrete in flavor; thus, the pancakes sufficed all of the principles I seeks in pancakes. The kielbasa was crispy; it was well done but not overcooked.Previously, I've had an omelette and home fries, and I can verify that these dishes are  tasty and generously portioned.The service was great too. As I mentioned, our larger group was quickly accommodated, our orders were taken promptly, and the food was delivered warm. The staff even offered some witty banter to a member of our group who decided to make an interesting choice for his breakfast.
5	So far the best breakfast place in Pittsburgh! Try their egg Benedict
4	Breakfast is by far my favorite meal of the day. Some days I like it so much that I eat it twice (not at the same time, well mostly). So please understand that my rating is serious! as a serious breakfast connoisseur. Deluca's gets hype because it's awesome. It's not fancy. but it is some serious down to earth good breakfast foods. no pomp, no circumstance. just food. and a good amount of it also. I can often be found here eating eggs benedict, with reckless abandon, a big grin on my face, and a side of bacon well done. Favorite foods:Greek Eggs benedict! steak tomato and feta? INSANE.Seafood benedict! equally insaneAny of their pancakes (I don't even like pancakes, but I like theirs)There is some times a wait, but they really do their best to keep it moving, and the staff are all super nice and speedy at getting you your future food coma. I'm not a fan of their coffee (read my reviews about my coffee snobbery elsewhere) but it will get the job done, eyes bright and alert! - their proximity to 21st street coffee as well as all of the other wonderful places in the strip makes a visit here a great start to all days that end in Y. They are cash only but there is a PNC ATM 2-3 doors down. I'm a repeat customer, a fan, and I'm sure you will be too.
2	So overrated and pretty lousy food. Greasy spoon at its best. Better choices very close.
3	Saturday morning last weekend we were in Pittsburgh for a Pens game the night before (yay they won!)  And my husband took me to Deluca's on the strip.  We were lucky since there was no line at 830 in the morning and we got a table right away.  Decluca's first impressions are not great.  Considering it as a "hole in the wall" joint, the place still needs some serious TLC.  The ceilings look terrible and the walls look like they didnt know what they wanted to do - fix it or otherwise.  I like dives and hole in the walls to eat at, but I still want a complete ceiling up top, not one that looks like its under construction or caving in on me. The service is decent.  A small place with lots of tables close to one another, you'll be able to get someone's attention for sure.  However, its the food and the reason why people are there right?  My husband had a Mexican omelet - or the like and I had a corned beef hash plate.  Even with my healthy appetite, I couldn't eat but a third of the food.  He didn't care much for his entree so he actually helped me eat mine.  Even so, there was leftover food.   There were lots of pancakes and similar items on the menu that looked tempting.  But with portion sizes so big, there was no way for me to even suggest trying to get something in addition to our plates.   I would suggest going there with big appetites and possibly consider sharing!  It's ok and I would consider going back if I don't have to wait in line.  But nothing so amazing that I'd stand outside on a cold winter day to get inside.
4	Picture it: Sicily.  1924.  A young peasant girl with some lire and a dream takes her place in line at a humble trattoria run by fellow paisan, signore DeLuca.Wait, wait.  I got "Golden Girls" mixed up with Yelp.Picture it: Pittsburgh.  2013.  A [ahem] young couple with some cash and a dream take their place in line at a humble diner run by........someone.  Probably no longer related to the original DeLuca.  At any rate, they were prepared for a long wait; had just hunkered down to weather the blowhard frat type behind them bellowing into his iPhone about the difference between a wine and beer hangover and repeatedly declaring his determination to see what waiting in line for breakfast was all about; when the angel of breakfast mercy, a rotund little bespectacled woman, called out for two people willing to sit at the counter.Counter, you say?  This particular couple *loves* counter-sitting at greasy spoons, watching short order cooks literally sling hash, fry eggs and flip flapjacks with deft precision and enviable speed.  And so the counter is exactly where they landed this Saturday morning, entranced by the choreography behind it, ignoring the sticky Linoleum floors.  He had Chicken and Waffles -- buckwheat waffle, to be exact -- she the Cinnamon Bun Pancakes.  And, oh.  They were both so happy.  Crisped, crunchy white meat chicken atop a flavorful and toothsome waffle, dusted with powdered sugar and drizzled with syrup; cinnamon-studded hotcakes with swirls of icing and swaths of maple syrup.  Washed down by the requisite *okay* drip coffee.  Served by a manager with his finger on the pulse of every server, line cook and bus boy in the joint.Cash only, dear reader.[15 Minutes of Fame: "Man v. Food: Pittsburgh"]
4	When a place has a line out the door on a cold January Sunday morning, it's a good sign about the food. We did end up waiting a while to be seated, but it was worth it to enjoy an old-school breakfast in this Pittsburg institution.  I got a veggie omelet which I thoroughly enjoyed; others in my party ordered diverse items from their extensive breakfast menu. From eggs to pancakes to the biggest ham slice any of us had ever seen, everything was well prepared and the service was great as well.  The atmosphere here is unique; the place is a bit (or a lot) of a time warp, which was fantastic in and of itself. This place knows what works, and has apparently just stuck with that, for decades.  Do check this place out- it's worth the wait!
5	Been here every Sunday for years. Taken every one of my friends and family here and I've never had a complaint. Service and food are unbeatable! Every aspect of their menu is just what you want it too be. The lighter fare is very petite and refreshing. The heavy stick to your bones meals are amazing on a cold rainy day. Lastly, the breakfast pancakes and omelets are without a doubt the most amazing things I've ever eaten!
2	I feel like my experiences here have been a miss but other customers have had hits. I'm not sure whether I just have bad luck or if my expectations for food and service are high, but I don't think I'm asking too much when all I'm looking for is quality food and attentive waiters.The first time I came to Deluca's I ordered one of their extravagant sweet pancakes. I was so excited for it, but was incredibly disappointed when I was instead served a burnt pancake that was barely edible... I'm not sure why you would even think it's okay to serve burnt pancakes, but needless to say, I was not impressed with Deluca's since then. Fast forward to 2013 when I decided to give the place another try since there's always so much hype about this place. This time around, I tried the california eggs benedict. Was it hands down the most delicious eggs benedict I've ever had? Definitely not, but it was decent enough. I also ordered a strawberry banana milkshake, which was a great disappointment. I thought it tasted watery and expensive for the quality of the drink--I'm never getting that again.There's always been a small line on Saturday mornings and they're cash only, so by no means am I itching to come back anytime soon. Also, they're always so busy that the service is subpar. Waiters are only there to grab your orders and have no interest in showing any appreciation for their customers. The wait for our check took forever as well because our server was inattentive. Deluca's will do the trick if you need a breakfast place to go to but I've placed it dead last on my list. I've had much better experiences and great food in other places like Pamela's and the Original Pancake House.
4	Portion sizes are huge here. Don't come here if you're on a diet. I love their benedicts. Their California benedict had lots of avocado, tomato, and spinach. I like that it comes with a large piece of buttered toast instead of English muffins. It also comes with a sizeable side of diced potatoes.  Also had their pumpkin pancakes and blueberry pecan pancakes. Pancakes are again very enormous. I'd say they were about 8" in lengths. This place is cash only but prices are decently cheap and there's an ATM around the corner.
5	This place is amazing.  I need to get my pictures of my food on here.  I love it and I will wait however long to sit here and enjoy their delicious breakfast (which is the only thing I have ever had).  Love it.
2	It's ok. I went on a week day at the end of breakfast, so it wasn't too busy. Still, service was scattered and the kitchen slow. I had a veggie breakfast burrito, the man had a more traditional breakfast. The burrito was .  . . edible. It was enormous, big enough to feed me for a day and still have leftovers. Inside a soggy tortilla I had mounds of scrambled eggs and about 2 pounds of vegetables - onions, peppers, avocado, tomato, hashbrowns, and then some. Most of the vegetables tasted very, very steamed, and then doused in grease. There wasn't much taste to them at all, and I love my vegetables. It makes me sad someone discovered a way to make them taste so uninteresting. On top of the whole affair was their spanish sauce (tomato paste?) and an unmelted square of orange cheese-like product. All in all, it didn't taste bad, but that's not high praise for restaurant food.His breakfast was easily as big, and looked much better than mine tasted. The waitress got the order close, but not quite right, and he didn't have the interest to send it back. It was good, but too greasy for him to eat very much of it.If it were cheaper I would say it was a good value. As it stands, I would go if someone really wanted to go there, but if its left to me there are many other places I'd go for breakfast first.
2	I was strolling through the Strip District and really had no intention on eating here. It had a huge line outside. Unfortunately my girlfriend was quite hungry and the line cleared out shortly there after so we decided to stop in.If you love a greasy breakfast, this might just be the place to go. The portion sizes are pretty decent, I had a 6 egg omelet with a lot of meat in it. It tasted good enough, and filled me up. Like most diner food, I felt pretty queasy later on in the day from all of the grease. There were 2 huge negatives to this place. First was the price. It wasn't out of this world expensive, but just not worth what they charge. It came to about 25 dollars for 2 people. We only drank water and there were no add on sides. The second was, some nasty waiter walking around putting his fingers on everything. I saw this guy working at some desk, rummaging through drawers then back to serving the food. He was touching a lot of peoples foods with his bare hands, not washing or sanitizing. It seemed very needless to touch them the way he was.They do not have the best breakfast in Pittsburgh, nor would I go here again.
4	I came here with great expectations from all the recommendations, and I have to say I am impressed. The short Sunday morning wait was worth it. Ordered the championship breakfast come with eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, pancakes, and toast! I didn't touch the toast because everything else was too delicious. The potatoes were probably the best I've ever had. Crispy, yet delicate at the same time and most importantly not to greasy! The bacon was perfectly cooked, as was the sausage. Last but certainly not least, the PANCAKES! They were so amazing and fluffy and delicious. Next time I would be interested to try their specialty pancakes! For two people we got out of there for $24 with tip. Not bad. This place is cool, totally straight up diner! I will be going again!
3	We stayed in downtown Pittsburgh to get the full city experience. This place was supposed to have the best breakfast, but I didn't find anything special about it. I got the Italian Vegetarian Fritatta. Some of the veggies were cooked okay, but the onions were not. They ruined the dish by the bitter flavor (which I have found are usually reflective of 'old' onions). Others had the full stack of pancakes, blueberry french toast, raspberry crepes, and kid's chocolate chip pancakes.nothing really amazing there either. Nobody finished their food. That is either because they gave us a lot (in most cases) or the person did not like it enough to over stuff themselves to finish it. We ended up leaving with lots of leftovers, and my son who wasn't with us when we went enjoyed eating them. But he also is a very hungry teenager with a large appetite :).Also only takes cash. No checks or credit.
5	Best breakfast I've had in years. I'm not a carb kind of guy for breakfast so I stuck with a meaty omelet. My family of 6 fell in love and we went here 2 times on our vacation in just 4 days. The coffee and their breakfast sausage was just amazing. We liked them so much we went next door a few stores down and bought the coffee, and a few blocks down we bought 5 pounds of sausage to bring home.Service was excellent, staff was very pleasant.
5	You talk about a lot of food!  Huge portions of breakfast goodness!  You have to eat here.
4	The lobster bisque was amazing.  The Super Bowl omelet was different but a definite touchdown.  I would have never thought mashed potatoes would work so well in an omelet. i Would have given 5 stars if they used a list like Pamela's instead of standing in line.
4	It was man v. Food that drew us to deluca's the first time, but it was the food that drew us back. We went for brunch, and the peanut butter hotcakes were the star of the show, while the rest of our party had the above average huevos rancheros and the somewhat disappointing French toast. Overall, we hope to come back soon.
4	This review was brought to you by the letter P.  P is for patience and I hope you have some if you're choosing DeLuca's.My friends alerted me to the fact that they've never been to the Pittsburgh staple, DeLuca's.  So after a rough previous day/night we decided we'd venture down to the Strip and get our fill on diner breakfast at noon on a Sunday.  The line out of the door didn't sway our choice.  We were in it for the long haul and what else can you expect, it was a beautiful Sunday and people were hungry.  The four of us waited probably 20 minutes to get in and by this time we were very hungry and in desperate need of caffeine.  The first "problem" with DeLuca's is that their menu is too expansive.  Some would view this as a problem, myself included in that I have too much of a hard time deciding what I want to shove down my gullet.  The waitress, a nice enough lady, swung by after a few minutes to get our drink orders.  A round of water and coffee please.  The drinks arrived soon there after and we finally figured out what we'd have to eat.  The place was packed so expected to wait a bit for our food and we did probably another 20-30 minutes, which was fine.  However, after finishing our coffees we weren't pleased with having to wait and wait for fill ups.  As a former waiter this is a red x with me and coupled with the black grease encased around some of my homefries knocked this heavy weight in the Pittsburgh food scene down a peg.  I enjoyed my meal though and it was definitely a huge portion as were all my buddy's.  The fried chicken and biscuits with gravy, homefries, and eggs was exactly what I needed after a long day of brew festing and staying up way later than I am used to.  The chicken was fried very well, moist on the inside, crispy exterior even with the gravy.  Eggs were over easy as I ordered.  The biscuits were warm and tasted homemade.  And aside from a few homefries swimming in black grease from the griddle were exactly what you want in a homefry.  Some crisp with that griddle fried skin and some mushy.  DeLuca's doesn't need any help from Yelp and won't go out of business because of this review or any other review, it's a giant because of their portions, location, and history so go if you're patient and have a hunger for something greasy.
5	A Must-Visit restaurant if you ever visit the Pitt. This place gets super crowded, but it is well worth the wait. I had the pancake breakfast. Pancakes 1-5=4. Bacon 1-5=5. Eggs 1-5=3. Toast 1-5=3. Syrup 1-5=4.
5	This is what I consider the quintessential American diner. 4 stars for the food and 1 star for the authentic experience. - Capital D diner food: Lots of butter, bacon, and carbs- Great old-school booths and counter to sit on- Breakfast hits it out of the park in classic diner fashion- Food comes out quick- Free coffee refillsEasy beats Pamela's. On the food front there about toe-to-toe, but this place wins on the experience. If you're in town for just a few days, this is definitely one of the places to check out.
4	We stopped by around Sunday afternoon before the pirates game.We sat at the counter,and I had the cheeseburger omelette which was wasn't on the menu,but they still managed to cook it up.My friend had the 6 egg omelette with the works inside of it.I was visiting from NYC and this spot was on top of the list,and it lived up to the hyped.
5	Best meal I had in Pittsburg was breakfast at this place. Located in the heart of the Strip District, we went at peak time and probably waited for about a half hour. I'm glad we did. Trying to be healthy, I ordered the Greek omelette and asked to make it with egg whites. For $11.99 (+$1 for egg whites), this delicious creation comes with spinach, tomato, feta and asiago cheese, and choice of steak or chicken; I went with the chicken. Wow, this thing was good! One of the best omelets I've had in a long time, and I don't usually do the egg white thing. The home fries, cooked to crispy perfection, were also excellent.  Service was top notch  and the old school diner ambiance is a fun experience. 5 stars for an excellent breakfast.
5	Amazing. Best breakfast I have had in pgh. Awesome atmosphere and staff. Greek eggs Benedict is absolutely the best Benedict I have ever had. The only downfall is if you go after 10 on weekends you will have a 40 minute wait - well worth it.
2	We were going to be down in the strip so we thought we would try this place since I have heard so much about it. Just in case you forgot, the parking in the strip is terrible to say the least. We got there about 9:00 am. Sunday morning. The line was out the door and down the street. It took us about 30 minutes to get a seat. The portions were large and if you wanted huge portions, they had those options on the menu too. The sausage biscuit and gravy was lacking the sausage. There was only two small crumbles of sausage. The lobster bisque was lacking substance too. The taste was really good except that the few  pieces of seafood that were in it, were smaller than a grain of rice. I expected more. Our silverware was sad looking. I had to straighten my fork so all the prongs were even. It just seems like they are so busy that they quit caring about the quality. I don't know how this restaurant has been here so long and is still this busy.
2	I was expecting more from this restaurant. I was enjoying my husbands efforts in putting this date together. The food was slightly disappointing.  I had biscuits and sausage gravy. I received biscuits and floury tasting gravy. The sausage was M.I.A. My husband had the lobster bisque soup. The same lobster M.I.A. The staff was kind to us but very busy. I had that experience but will I go back NO! I will however visit the strip over and over it is a blast of fun. Take plenty of money with you because you will spend it.
4	The food was really really good. I was so excited about going there, and it definitely lived up to my expectations. So many choices! The wait for the food however, was pretty darn long. And some of the friends I had with me got their food spaced really far apart. Like half an hour/45 minutes between a bowl of soup (a deeply fabulous lobster bisque that I had to steal a bite of) and a sandwich. But the food made it all okay, and I don't think that the wait time is that bad usually. I had an eggcellent omelet. Hah. Ham and cheddar with homefries all over it. And smothered in Frank's red hot. Yum. Even though the wait was long, I want to go back. Tomorrow.FYI CASH ONLY
5	My favorite breakfast in Pittsburgh by far.I went down to the strip the past Sunday morning around 9.  The line was out the door but we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  There was a group of 20 (yes, 20) also waiting for tables so the 2 of us were able to go ahead of them and get seated rather quickly.  The line was much longer when we left, however, so be prepared to wait if you come later in the morning.The menu is pretty big so it took some time for me to decide until I finally settled on the Breakfast of Champions including pancakes, eggs, toast, sausage, bacon, and home fries.  Finishing it was no small task, it's more than enough.  I loved the pancakes and really have no complaints about the meal.  I'd definitely order it again if there weren't so many other things on the menu I also want to try.The service was great.  We were attended to quickly and the waitress frequently checked in with us.  As others have stated, it's cash only.  There is a PNC ATM right outside, however.What's not to like?
4	It's hard to believe that I would get up early on a Saturday morning to stand in line for 45 minutes for the opportunity to have breakfast at a dive.  I mean in the Strip District.  Deluca's is a mighty Pittsburgh tradition.  I get that.  I can see that this place is definitely a Yinzer kind of place.Service was really great.  I mean it.  I mean, here you are trying to shovel food to starving patrons with achy feet after their long wait.  Think about that, it can't be pleasant.The menu covers a lot of territory.  But I already knew I was going to be having a Western Omelet.  BJ followed a coworker friends bad advice and got the corned beef hash.  We were expecting the real thing, but I am sure this stuff came straight from a can.  Although it was grilled up really nice.  The home fries were really good.  The wheat toast was the best.  The ham in my omelet was very good.All in all an interesting experience.  Another surprise, I had to take another shower that day in an attempt to remove the smell of grease from my body.  It's something I will not soon forget.  Did I say that I am a fan?  You can't mess with tradition.
4	The only reason I give Deluca's four and not five stars is because going to the Strip District--especially on a weekend is a nightmare. It is not the easiest place to get to via the bus and parking is near impossible on a Saturday or Sunday. So if it is at all a possibility, go to Deluca's during the week and you will eliminate this hassle from your experience. That out of the way this place is definitive of Pittsburgh through and through. It is a great greasy diner and the service is great! I have only ever had the breakfast burrito and the pancakes -- both of which are delicious. The only knock my friends have on the food is that it is so "predictable." To that I say: IT IS A DINER PEOPLE! I don't know if people are expecting gourmet cuisine, but if that is what you are looking for do not go to Deluca's. Go to Deluca's if you want an awesome diner breakfast and do not want to be hungry for the remainder of the day.
4	The Strip on the weekend is always busy and the day of a parade busier still.  But if you get a brave soul (Dad) to wait in line in the cold it works out well.  I was able to hit Penn Mac and do some other shopping.   Think it was about a 30 minute wait but when it's 25 degrees giving a good coffee as a peace offering makes it better.I had eggs over medium, bacon, etc. which was good for the price but my eggs were more on the over easy side.  Others had the special - French toast with strawberries and got fudge.  I was told it was wonderful.A definite Pittsburgh dive - and a must try.  Just beware of the stairs to the restroom.
5	My favorite place in Pittsburgh. Honest and great quality food!
2	I think this place is just hyped up way too much. The food was average, or even below average greasy diner food. We were seated under the air conditioner so were freezing the entire time we were there. I don't mind a kind of grungy diner, but this place seems sticky and gross.Our server was very pleasant, and the woman she was training was helpful and kept up with coffee re-fills.In all honesty, I don't know why people line-up to get breakfast from this joint. Nothing spectacular on the menu in m y opinion.... Second story (from my husband so I know its true).... he went there door-busting Sunday morning, after a long night out. Although they were the first people waiting at the door, and were there about 20 minutes before they opened, another group of people strolled up in front of them right at opening and were seated first. These people were then served first, and it took almost 45 minutes for my husband and his group of friends to get their food. They are guessing the group that cavalierly cut in front of them was a group of regulars. One of the people in my husbands group complained to management and they were given a gift certificate, but it almost made one of the group members late miss their flight out of town.... So glad we went during the week when it wasn't that crowded.
4	My cousin took me here as one of the local places to go when in Pittsburgh. This is what I think dining is all about...localoclaocal! Glad they recommended it. My cousins are vegetarian and were able to find things on the menu that they liked. Rather than going for a sandwich, or breakfast, went for one of the their wraps. It was big, sloppy to eat, and very tasty. I had their Southwest Chicken melt..gooey cheese, chicken, avocado, and more. It hit the spot and provided plenty of energy for a whirlwind tour of Pittsburgh. Look forward to returning to share the place with my husband.
4	I really can't believe I've never made it here! And I went on the worst possible time too, during the holidays! But the wait wasn't too too bad, even if it was out in the cold for about 15 minutes. Totally worth it once you're warm inside and a hot plate of breakfast food is staring at you!I'm going to do the thing you shouldn't do but everyone does, compare it to Pamela's. I mean, it's one of the most popular breakfast spots in Pittsburgh, how can I not!? And happily I'd say it was totally on par. Would I say it's better? Probably the same, but for different reasons. They looked to have a bigger menu than Pamela's, serving hotcakes (what Pamela's is famous for) and regular pancakes. Although I'm a huge pancake fan and most of the options looked amazing, I really wanted a regular down home eggs, homefires, sausage and toast breakfast.And with an expanded menu they have so many choices beyond the menu! When I asked for sausage she was like, patty, turkey, hot, veggie... the list went on! I had to hear them twice! My homefries were good, I added onion and pepper to the mix, I just wish they would have been a tad crispier. The place really does have it's own identity, with the red vinyl booths and memorabilia on the walls. Service was friendly, but remember they are CASH ONLY!
4	Both times I've eaten breakfast here, I was extremely, extremely pleased. However, I think the food was better my first visit compared to the second, and I'm not one to branch out at breakfast places, so this is a fair comparison of the exact same sandwich, service, and company. Each visit we waited in line outside of Deluca's for a table. It was raining, but the line moved quickly and we were under cover anyways. The service is prompt and friendly. It's definitely a great place to recommend to out of towners for a good local breakfast stop. The bread is all Mancini's...delicious. Local flavor, great location. Will return.
3	Long on my list of places to try, I finally got to this long time Pittsburgh breakfast spot. Friend of Joe's, Kevin was in town for some R&R and called me on a cold Thursday morning for breakfast, I offered Deluca's as a choice since I've never been there and neither has he. After he accepted, I got to thinking how bad parking was in the strip. Low and behold a spot opened about a half block away. We walked in and immediately were seated in the same booth Adam Richman sat in filming a spot for Man Vs Food some years back. Once seated, a waitress zoomed in with menus, coffee cups and a hot pot of coffee, almost reading my mind. The coffee was okay, nothing special, think the same coffee at Eat N Park or Kings, a little disappointing. Looking over the menu it was loaded with Pittsburgh favorites and gluttonous offerings. I choose the thin, crepe like pancakes served with loganberry preserves. Kevin on the other hand chose the Steel City breakfast, 2 hot cakes, sausage, bacon, eggs, and toast made from Macinie's bread. It was huge amount of food. My crepe like pancakes were lite, airy and delicious. The loganberry preserves with the perfect compliment for them, adding a touch of sweetness, a perfect foil for the savory crepes. The bill came to under 16 bucks which isn't too bad, about the same as Eat N Park or King's. the only trouble is parking, and would derail me from making this one of my go to places.
5	Love this place. Went in the morning and it was packed. Expect to wait 5 minutes or so when busy. The surprising part if your wait seemed forever, you get your food real fast!  I loved the Greek Benedict !
4	I had a breakfast burrito here. It hit my stomach like a bomb.Avoid the breakfast burrito.Regardless, I really loved the ambiance here. It's greasy, it feels like it's 1972 and the servers are awesome.
4	I was seated at the counter immediately. Coffee arrived quickly and my order was taken as soon as I put the menu down . Omelet was large and tasty. Home fries were plentiful. Sever kept my coffee cup full.  Did notice a person at the counter for five minutes that never received attention. He got up and left as I would have.
5	Amazing place for breakfast.  We came here on the last morning when visiting Pittsburgh.  So good!!! Everything on the menu is solid.  You really can't go wrong.  We kept hearing about this place and we even walked by it one of the days while exploring.  I'm so glad we got a chance to eat here before leaving.  If you are visiting Pittsburgh this is a must.  Check it out!
4	This was some seriously good breakfast food. The place is crowded don't get me wrong (granted we only waited like 15 minutes or so to get seated). Those home fries with onions, peppers and cheese were absolutely killer. I got the Californian benedict (not sure if I'll order it again though - might have to go the traditional route next time). We were seated in the back booth, in front of people cooking and everything so it was fun to see all that (albeit a little hard to talk to the 3 people seated next to me). We also had waffles and the nutella crepes (delicious)!I'll try to get back here soon and try some other stuff and update again.
5	Best place in Pittsburgh for brunch. I had the chicken fried steak with sausage gravy and it was the best sausage gravy I've had in a very long time.
5	I'm so in between 4 & 5 stars. Maybe I'll decide by the end of this review. We stopped in after I've been patiently waiting to have breakfast here. There was a party in front of us, but we were fine sitting at the counter. We took a little while to look over the menu. It had so many options. Multiple choices for omelets, french toast, pancakes (AND crepes), breakfast sandwiches ect.  I even noticed a dessert-type of pancakes which had chocolate sauce for example and whip cream-- again multiple choices in that section as well. We took a little while to decide. Note: This is just the breakfast menu that I'm referring too ^^I ordered the steel city breakfast of champions. It came with 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, sausage patty, home fries, toast plus my choice of pancakes, waffle or french toast. I chose the french toast. My breakfast definitely satisfied me and filled me up! The french toast was extremely fluffy and had powdered sugar on it :D Loved the home fries by the way! It was fun to witness the cooks make them from the counter (if you're counting calories, don't watch them make the home fries, fyi!)Bobby started ordering an omelet with whatever he wanted in it.. The kind server suggested the Bionic Omelet which has 5 eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, pepperoni, onions, cheddar & provolone. This omelet was huge (take a look at the picture I added) I'm not exaggerating. I should have shown my little hand compared to it. I wouldn't have guessed 5 eggs, it looked like maybe 8. He was only able to finish half the omelet. His words "I need to finish this to feel like a man" haha. We had a great time & I'm excited to head back. Next time we may try the Robinson location since he works up that way. I believe they have longer hours as well. okay, 5 stars :) I don't even care that I have to stop at the ATM before heading here (cash only)
4	A must stop when shopping in the Strip District. This looks like a traditional Pittsburgh diner but once you enter you will see how amazing the menu is and will get a diner experience unlike no other.  They have dessert pancakes which are awesome but only for those with a big sweet tooth. In the fall I ordered the pumpkin pancakes which were tasty. This past visit my date ordered the apple cinnamon pancakes complete with whipped cream with caramel drizzle, ice cream and hot baked applies. It was to die for!!  I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.  For a true breakfast sandwich I had them hold the tomatoes, lettuce and mayo.  It was on fresh baked bread from the local bread company, Manconi, with cheddar cheese, scrambled egg and tasty bacon delicious!  The service is quick and they only take cash (PNC mac machine right outside).  There is always a line around the block on weekends so expect to wait although the line does usually move quickly.
4	I recommend the pancake here! It's very good! For omelets, they are pretty delicious, but too greasy for me. The home fries (potato) are must-try food. Also the size is so large, so it's suitable for hungry people! Really awesome!If you can come here on weekdays, the restaurant is very good for you to have breakfast or brunch. If you are only available on weekend, come here as early as possible (maybe before 7:00am), because I don't think it's worth to wait for more than 30 mins even though I give it 4 stars.
3	Still not sure how i feel about this place. While some say that the service is good, our waiter was hostile and scary at times. Yelled at us for not saying our order loud enough. In terms of food, i had an omelet which was good but a bit overcooked. I prefer fluffier eggs, like the ones in Pamela's.
4	great local spot to get a greasy dinner breakfast!
5	Make reservations to avoid the line. But even with a line, they turn tables quick. My 20 minute wait was worth it. Ambience: First this is your classic greasy spoon diner and dive kind of place. It is not fancy. It is classic. Service: nice, courteous, and efficient. I watched them systematically clean up, re-seat, and keep it moving. Their hustle and bustle is an art in itself.  But for them to be as attentive, letting us know the status of the table, just kept sort of checking up with us as we stood there, it was pretty impressive... Then our Waitress was smiling thru my kids changing their minds and all their city slicker requests for this and that on the side. Appreciated her patience... She checked up during meal at the right times. And she had a quick chat with us before she handed the check over. She was just real nice.... Some of the best restaurants in the world could learn from this pretty humble easygoing waitstaff. Food: it was everything you expected, wanted and more. Everything was pretty much perfect for a diner. Waffles were fluffy and perfectly cooked. Home fries were delicious. And their version of eggs Benedict was amazing. Verdict: 5 stars for it's perfectly classic meal and for its reasonable prices.
2	Well, I finally caved.  After years of resisting that persistent, daunting line that has become a rite of Pittsburgh passage, I finally braved the wait and went to Deluca's.Perhaps it was due to good company (or the first signs of sun this spring), but the 30+ minute wait that we endured seemed to go relatively quick.  After finally making it to the doorway, we were asked to come in by the hostess, only to be left inside the doorway with no real inclination of whether we should proceed to one of the several open tables or wait.  When we finally tracked down the hostess again, she said we needed us to wait to sit down as to, "not upset the chef."Fast forward, and we've finally sat down (in the seat Tom Cruise filmed Jack Reacher nonetheless).  After attempting the scan the entirely too complex menu (do you really need multiple versions of what is essentially the same dish?), we settled on the breakfast burrito, the seafood benedict, the seafood omelette (same as the seafood benedict, just with the bread on the side instead of under) and the apple pancake sundae (figured go big or go home).Within about fifteen minutes, the burrito, benedict and omelette were brought out.   By this point, out entire party was starving and I told everyone to go ahead and get started (the server said my pancakes would be another minute).  Overall, each were about the most stereo-typically bland diner food you could ever get.  But, fast forward twenty minutes...  still no pancakes (and everyone else has finished).Once the server finally made it back around, she mentioned something in passing about the apples on the pancake and left again (we had no idea what she said).  After another five minutes or so, my pancakes finally came out, and by this point, ready to leave, I succumbed to hunger and dove in.Bland... bland... bland... and an associated stomach ache from the pure sugar rush.  After chewing through about half the plate, I gave up on it (I almost never leave food on the plate).  Ready to go, we asked for the check, with the one saving grace that redeemed Deluca's from one star being the server proactively taking the pancakes off of our tab.Check this off the list as a one and done.
3	Came in just for a place to sit while feeding the baby her bottle and to have a milkshake.   Next time I'm in Pittsburgh I will definitely come back as I saw mountains of good-looking breakfast-type food and sandwiches coming off the griddle behind the counter.   And it must be good because I saw about 200 fresh eggs ready to go.
5	Try the Turkey sandwich. It is so good. The gravy is the best in town. You don't open this sandwich with your hands. It's a fork sandwich. Excellent service. Bring back the Italian Sandwich!!!!
2	Had the Italian Veggie, Border of South omelette, and Mediterranean Wrap. Sorry, in conclusion, I won't be back. Food was OK, the South omelette was pretty good, but not  something to wait for over 30 min after ordering and pay $10 each. I was so embarrassed taking my parents who were visiting me from a country over 6500 miles away.Place was packed but didn't have a long waiting line outside on a Sunday 8AM right before Memorial Day.The couple seated after us were half done with their meal when we asked what happened to our order, and not even a "thanks for waiting" or "sorry to keep you waiting" look? And no bag to put the box in for left overs when another table gets one? Not a kind of service I would go back for.Giving two stars simply for the one good omelette. If not, one star for this business.
4	it is very difficult to get my 7 year old nephew to eat ANYTHING.  We go to dinner and he will eat a bite and say he is full.  Well, that is until we went to Delucas.  He got a full adult order of french toast and ate it!  Then asked if we could come there again when we come to Pittsburgh!  His approval alone is enough for a 4 star review but it didn't hurt that 6 more adults and 1 child also enjoyed their meals!  the fried fish sandwich was great and the homemade sausage they serve is a must if you are going with a breakfast entree!  Thanks Deluca for getting my nephew to eat a whole meal!
5	Breakfast is great. If you arrived on weekday before 8:00 am there are not much people, and no wait time. I know a lot of people went on weekend, and the waiting time is worth it. Service is excellent with great portion and greta price. I will come back to try other menu.
2	Our breakfast choices sounded better than they actually tasted and our drinks had a weird odor. All in all, when it comes to breakfast in Pittsburgh, I'm still on the Pamela's side of the fence.
5	I am in love with this place. If you just want to get to the review about the food, skip this paragraph. If you enjoy the long, drawn out nostalgic reviews, read on:Let me preface this by saying I have very mixed feelings on living in Pittsburgh. I find it hot or cold, and that goes for everything. The people, the night life, the restaurants, it's all a love/hate relationship for me. I rarely encounter anything where I'm just like, "eh." There are things that make me love it here, there are things that make me hate it. I find people as nice as I found them back home in WV or absolutely the rudest EVER. The weather...ugh...don't get me started. So why am I telling you this? Because when I debate packing my things, selling my house, and moving away, I have a list of things I love (which are usually very simple things because that's the kind of person I am) that keep me here. They are things I know I'll never find anywhere else and things that make me love it here; the things I imagine give Pittsburgh it's awesome city rep, and this place is at the very top of that list. This wasn't my first visit. The boyfriend and I walked in around 8am. We had just been to Home Depot and had a long day of yard work ahead. The last thing I wanted was to cook breakfast. We hopped onto 2 seats at the bar, as usual, and I ordered my usual, the Banana Split Crepe with a side of well done sweet sausage, and a coffee, and a water with lemon. It was astounding, and it always is. I take 2 bites of the sausage and take it home, every time. It's sweet and as lean as sausage could be and cooked to perfection. The coffee is perfectly brewed. The crepe is golden and delicious. The fruit is perfectly warm, the cheese too, and the toppings abundant. It's my favorite breakfast. I want to go on about the atmosphere though, because if the food were stellar and everything else sucked, I probably wouldn't return. The flip side is, the food could be mediocre (it isn't) and the rest would probably still bring me back. We were greeted by a friendly tattooed waitress. We are tattooey too, and are always happy to patronize places that allow employees to look the way they choose (side note, that's why we Home Depot over Lowes, but that's another review).  Most of the staff here is sporting some ink, and black and white work side by side laughing and looking like they enjoy their job. I know Pittsburgh is known for it's diversity, so it may surprise you I mention that, but sometimes I find it to be quite the opposite. Not here. Not ever. Everyone smiles, everyone is friends, everyone is nice.I was sitting next to a Jewish man, a table of young Asian students behind me, business men to my right, and old ladies dressed to the 9's across the way. Next to my boyfriend sat the waitresses' well behaved young daughter, eating cut up banana and a milkshake. Cartoons were on, and I was cool with that. This is a place for everyone. I dig that the most. As I'm drinking my coffee, waiting on my crepe, the restaurant is noisy. The radio is on. Prince comes on, and employee wiping down tables walks over and cranks it up. He's wiping and dancing, a few waitresses are dancing, too. We are laughing and dancing in our seats. The cooks on the line are nodding their heads. Breakfast is delicious, the place has a pulse, and life is good. There isn't a face in the place without a smile on it. The boyfriend looks over and says "this is the best f*cking omlette I have ever had." Our waitress laughs and tops off the coffee. This is the Pittsburgh I was told about, and this is the Pittsburgh I love.
4	Deluca's isn't a IHOP you pull up park and stroll in. The Strip District has parking, but you'll pay to park and walk to get to Deluca's. I saw people standing in line waiting to eat while jackhammers were chipping up the sidewalk a few feet away. That kind of devotion says it all!The food was good, the service was great. The food isn't greasy or nasty. The menu choices are unique. I would eat there again. I would recommend eating there on weekdays to avoid the crowds. Pittsburgh's Strip District has some great places to shop and wonderful foods to purchase. I can't wait to go back.
4	Super breakfast in a real institution.   Great cheese steak omelet, wife loved eggs Benedict,  kids loved the French toast.   Cash only.   Walking around the strip district is interesting as well.   Parked for $5 down the road in a gravel lot ( car full of luggage).
5	If you travel to Pittsburgh, you cannot leave without having Breakfast at Deluca's. This is a piece of Pittsburgh history, and the food/environment is truly wonderful! They are still running this place the way they did 50-years ago. Family run diner that is worth your time, and the small penny that it will cost for a large meal. I highly recommend going early on Saturday morning, grabbing breakfast from Deluca's and then exploring the Strip District.
4	You just beat the food  here for breakfest.  The environment is also a treat if you have never been here.  The choices are more than ample and the servings are generous.  Give it a try and you won't be sorry.
4	It was a fun experience. The food was good, hot, and fresh. The staff were somewhat friendly. We got in and out with no wait and our food came in a reasonable amount time. To sum it up, I would try it again.
5	Took my third trip to Deluca's Restaurant in the Strip District (been to the new Robinson location several times).  Eating here never gets old!! Ate at the counter for the first time. It was fun to watch the kitchen work.  Really makes you appreciate the cooks and the food when you see how hard and fast they are working.  I ordered "THE CALIFORNIA" omelette, it is quickly becoming my favorite.  It's an omelette loaded with avocado, tomatoes, spinach, sweet roasted red peppers, pesto chicken, and swiss cheese.  The ingredients are very fresh and not as heavy since it's essentially meatless.They move their customers in and out at a quick pace.  Don't be intimidated by the line. Service is fast and efficient!
5	Quick, no frills, but very tasty establishment. Get your hash browns extra crispy!
5	this place was one of my favorite diners ever. really friendly wait staff was a highlight.  there was a line friday midday, but it moved pretty fast, scared to think how long the line is on sat or sun. I got the Texmex omlette which had just a great balance of spice and flavors and was super filling. pancakes looked real good also. great representation of great Pitt dining.
5	My friend and decided to eat at Roland's in the Strip District and thought why not go for their "famous lobster rolls" I was surprised how much YUMMY lobster was in the sandwich!   it's a definite must stop!
5	This is my favorite place to get breakfast in pittsburgh! I'm big on breakfast and have been to quite a few places in pittsburgh known for their breakfast and delucas is definitely my favorite! The meals are unique but at the same time have a traditional feel. I have been here a few times and have yet to be disappointed. The only negative is it tends to get very busy and there's not a lot of places to sit.
5	Best Eggs Benedict!!!
4	One of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh. My first time here, and it was packed on a Saturday, but we were seated right away. We had attentive service, but we took a while to order due to how confusing the menu is to read. I got the Eggs Benedict and it was fantastic. Our food was delivered quickly, considering on how busy they were. Would recommend to anyone.
4	Went this morning with my girlfriend and we got almost the same thing. The home fries where just a little under cooked but everything else we had was great. The pancakes where amazing and the food came out lightning fast.
5	Best advice for de'lucas is to get there early if you want a weekend breakfast.  We got there at 8am on a Saturday and waited for about 5 minutes.  We did some shopping on the strip and we we passed again at 10 there was a huge line waiting to get in.  Our food was fresh and delicious.   All the toast and French toast is made from fresh Mancini bread.  Pancakes were awesome too.  Service is fast and friendly for how busy they are.  Get here early and make a nice little morning out of it like we did.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch with a large group if friends. Our wait was somewhere between 30-45 min and we were hungry!! Only made me that more excited to try this place as we were from out of town. My boyfriend ordered the country fried steak and I ordered the French toast. We both really enjoyed our meals and this concluded our weekend trip to Pittsburgh beautifully. I would definitely return next time I'm in the Pittsburgh area.
2	Went for breakfast and wasn't impressed at all.  The people who work at DeLucas are not friendly and have a you should be happy I am serving you attitude.  If you are not a morning person then you shouldn't serve breakfast.  A smile and a good morning goes a long way.The food was mediocre, greasy and lacking flavor. I ordered the California Omelette and it was something I could make at home with better flavor.  The chicken in the omelette had no taste and it was overlooked.Overall, I don't get the hype.  This is similar to a greasy diner.  Pamela's is the place for breakfast.
4	Crowded...old school vibe...good food and value
5	It is what it is. The original Pittsburgh greasy spoon. No frills here just good old fashioned GRUB. you cannot go wrong with anything. Coffee quickly served. Staff always friendly. Always a crowd. Be patient, take it all in, every walk of Pittsburgh life eats here.
5	What can I really say about DeLuca's that hasn't been said before by others (and more eloquently, at that)?  We don't have a place like this in Baltimore, exactly.  Yes, there are great breakfast joints here, but ... I can't say that they serve up food quite like what we experienced at DeLuca's.  A pancake dish that looks suspiciously like a huge apple pie with mountains of whipped cream can't be bad in anyone's book - certainly not in mine.  I can hear my friends in Baltimore going, "But-but-but... what about Blue Moon Cafe?  What about their Captain Crunch French toast?  But-but-but..."Nope.  Sorry.  DeLuca's blows the Captain away, sails and all.  This place is better.  A thousand times better.  For one thing, DeLuca's has a menu that's about 100 times bigger than what Blue Moon offers.  The only things you come there for is the Sweet Baby Jesus and the Captain Crunch toast - and yeah, they're great for what they are.  But at DeLuca's?  A massive burrito the size of your forearm (aptly named the Mutha of All Burritos, or MOAB), the daily special cheeseburger omelet (which is what I ordered here), a pancake sundae (yes, SUNDAE - buckwheat pancakes with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream, hot fudge drizzles, cherries, whipped cream in peaks the size of the Appalachians)... how can Blue Moon even begin to compare with this?  Answer?  It can't.  It simply can't.  Massive respect for the staff here.  I can't even begin to describe the way they're flying around in this tiny-assed little kitchen, serving dish after dish after dish after dish of this insane goodness.  This place only seats 90 people at a time, folks - it's damn near as hard to get in here as it is Blue Moon, that's for sure.  There's always a line.  Be prepared to wait, and be prepared not to complain.  You're going to wait - simple as that - and it's going to be freaking worth every minute.  Grab a book, a lawn chair, play some Candy Crush or whatever, pass the time.  Dream of the huge Appalachian whipped cream mountains you're about to eat.  Really.  If you're willing to sit at the counter instead of a table, you're likely to get in here a lot faster.Everything was on point, from the coffee to the food to the service.  The only downside is that, like most places seem to be in the P'burgh, this joint is cash only.  I don't understand it, but hey, hit up the ATM.  This place is worth the hassle.If you're going to stop for breakfast in Pittsburgh in only one place... this is it.  We will be back.  That's not a maybe - that's a will.  We WILL be back.
5	No trip to the Strip/Pittsburgh is complete without a pit stop at DeLuca's for breakfast!First things first, you're going to have to wait in line to get seated, there's usually no way around it, but TRUST ME it's well worth the wait! DeLuca's advertises "Best Breakfast in town" and they strongly back up that statement with their food!For people who live the fitness lifestyle like myself not eating what you want can be torturous! DeLuca's does however offer up some meals to suit fitness conscience people with offering their "BodyBuilders Breakfast". But you better believe that when I'm in DeLuca's it's time for a cheat meal! I usually go with a Hot Sausage, Egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on Manci's Italian Bread. Then I dive into an order on their amazing hot cakes! Usually the Rece's cup or Cinnamon Bun. Overall take it from a Yinzer and try this place out
3	I was told you must visit Deluca's, we had to do take out because of the long line and and time constraints. I had the blast blt with the Cajun fries. I was not disappointed, very good food! Can't say to much else because of doing take out, but just from seeing the line to get in, plan accordingly.
4	The food here is inexpensive and excellent.  I got the mixed grill, which was featured on man vs food. There are so many vegetables in it and the portions are huge... I could only eat half. Our table also split a banana split crepe. YUM. Would definitely recommend. Get here early on a weekend, we waited in line at 10am for about 30 minutes. The line moves quickly and food comes out fast. I'm only deducting a star because I could see the kitchen and toast is handled with bare hands.  Also, if you're getting toast, get the Italian bread. The Italian bread they serve here with toast and eggs Benedict is delicious, crusty and fresh. (Yes, I ate the toast even though someone touched it...germs build the immune system, right?!)
4	They aren't kiddin when they say this is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh. This was my second trip and it just may become a tradition on every visit. This time I got the dessert pancakes that consisted of strawberry ice cream, chocolate chip pancakes, chocolate fudge and caramel sauce. It was amazing but almost too sweet (if that's even a real thing). It was tough to take down before the ice cream melted but I had fun trying! I highly recommend this place. Be prepared to wait a while to get in though. The lines are long but for good reasons.
4	What a wonder Pittsburgh breakfast experience! Super busy just adding to the charm. No glitz or glam, just great food! Went moth my stepmom, sister and best friend from out of town. Had to give her a Pittsburgh experience of the strip district. My sister got eggs Benedict, she loved it on the Mancini's toast. My friend got the man vs food special (can't recall the name) but everything was mixed together in a heavenly mix. Stepmom got a classic breakfast, raved about the bacon. I had the moad, pronounced moe ad. It was a breakfast burrito with Spanish style sauce and chorizo. We then shared a banana split crepe. Yes, we went all out! Everything was amazing!
5	Love the pumpkin pancakes here! They are the best pancakes I ever had. My husband got the breakfast burrito and raved about it. There is a bit of a wait because it's so popular, but this place is a classic and not to be missed!!!
4	I had breakfast here and enjoyed it. The large mural rocked. Don't get the burrito, it is weird tasting. I had the eggs Benedict served on fresh mancini's bread. It was great. I only wish that I had ordered 2 plates. The service was meh, but most places in town are that way. Give it a try.
4	I walked in at around 7:30 AM on a rainy Saturday, and I had a 15 minute wait. The restaurant was absolutely packed, and I enjoyed getting to people watch while I waited to be seated. Once I was seated at the counter, I was treated to friendly conversation with the people sitting next to me, while I made the grave mistake of ordering a Bionic Omelet because I thought it was a smaller meal. I've never been so happy to be wrong in my life. While the omelet wasn't the best looking once I received it, the taste more than made up for it. The ingredients used were quality, and the toast and hash browns were perfectly golden brown.I ended up with breakfast for the rest of the weekend. Totally worth your time, if you can get there early enough to not have to wait.
4	This place is delicious! It's located in the heart of the strip district. I went there last weekend and had a hot chocolate and a sausage and cheese omelet. I also shared a plate of their Pumpkin Pie Crepes with my family because we all wanted to give it a try. The reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because the sausage was a little burned and tough and the home fries were a little bland. Don't get me wrong, it was still pretty good but could've been better. The hot chocolate was delicious! And the pumpkin pie crepes were AMAZING! They had a pumpkin pie filling with cream cheese frosting inside! It was truly delicious! Please come to this place in the fall so you can try all of their seasonal specials! Personally, I think this place is better than Pamela's but that's just my opinion. Come check this place out!
5	The pancakes, oh sweet calorie-laden goodness! Probably the best I've had in my life - and this is not an overstatement. We had a lunch plate (turkey triple decker) and a breakfast plate (short stack special). Both were excellent. This place is cash only and can have a line, but walked up at 1:45 and there was no line (there had been a good line at noon). The other reviews said the wait was worth it and though I didn't wait, I completely agree. If you're in the strip, eat here.
3	There was a very long wait time on a Saturday morning. Took us like an hour before we were seated.The Italian veggie frittata omelette tasted average. It was very greasy and lack of flavour. However, the MOAB burrito and apple cinnamon pancake were amazingly delicious.  The MOAB burrito has lots of flavours with many filling inside the soft tortilla. The apple cinnamon pancake was very fluffy and soft. The server was unfriendly with a poor attitude and she took a long time to re-fills the coffee.Overall, I think this place is over hyped. But we did enjoy the food except for their poor service level.
4	CRAZINESS... so many options on their menu from eggs/omelette to pancake/crepe/french toast/waffle both sweet and savory to sandwiches. I was worried the table of 7 would take a long time, but a table had opened up in 10 minutes. It was fantastic! Great place to take friends with all sorts of food preferences.I ordered the 2 eggs with homefries and bacon. BACON was so good. Thick enough and crispy. Wasn't a huge fan of the homefries, I would like them crunchier. The fried chicken was really good though. Super tender and savory.We also shared the pumpkin filled crepes and sundae waffle with strawberries. OH MY... it was soooo loaded. I really like both desserts and we even finished the pumpkin crepe. Not overly sweet!
4	I'm always looking for local hole-in-the-walls places that have a feel for the city, people, and culture. Places where the atmosphere is full of history and of course the food is good! This place was both. Nothing glamorous at all but that's why I liked it. I took my family for breakfast and it was a quick and great meal. My daughter and I had the biscuits and gravy and my wife has the veggie breakfast. We all agreed that the food was great! If I had any negatives at all it would be that the temperature was hot inside and the booths are very small, which in my opinion is worth it for the experience. The waitress was pleasant, quick, and helpful. If you are in Pittsburgh and looking for a great breakfast and experience, go here!
3	Stopped in for a late breakfast--midweek.  There were plenty of seats so the wait was not an issue. Service was prompt and friendly.  Quite frankly the food was average.  I would go to Pamela's before here anytime.
5	Absolutely delicious! Super crowded but that's understandable because of how great the food is. I got the pumpkin pancakes and they were incredible. This is a must eat at in Pittsburgh!
2	I'm not really sure what all the hype is about this place. We read all the raving reviews, watched the appearance of this place on Man vs. Food, and were pumped to go. Maybe our expectations were too high. We waited in line for 45 minutes and our waitress was less than welcoming. She finally came to get our drink order after almost 10 minutes of us being there. We were chatting and the menu is huge, so we didn't know what we wanted to order yet...if looks could kill!!! Our waitress was obviously not happy about that. Once we finally ordered, it took a good 30 minutes for our food and this is how it went: Waitress comes to table, drops off my fiance's food and doesn't say a single word. I sit there with no food, wondering where mine is with no waitress in sight. After 5 minutes, I tell my fiance I appreciate his kindness, but his food is getting cold, so he digs in. 5 more minutes, the waitress finally comes and drops my food off along with the check, never asking if we had everything or needed anything else. We eat our typical diner food (huge portions, though), pay our bill, and never looked back. My theory is that the line is so long because it really does take forever just to get any sort of basic service here.I was also horrified to read the food inspection report, especially seeing that they failed like 3 times before they actually passed. The sad part is, after being there, I wasn't really surprised at all. So if anyone has any good recommendations for Pittsburgh's actual best breakfast at a place with better service that is clean, I would really appreciate that! This just wasn't it for me, but to each their own.
2	I know everyone loves DeLuca's, but the food isn't super great, and the wait is always too long. Also, the  time I have been there bathrooms almost never have soap, and if the bathrooms don't have soap, the servers and cooks aren't washing their hands. Just consider that.
5	Even though the wait is outrageous, the food is delicious and definitely worth it! We sat at the counter to have a shorter wait which we didn't mind. We had the mixed grill, strawberry sundae pancakes and the breakfast burrito. The portions were all huge and very unique. We highly recommend it!
3	I like Deluca's.  I think the place has a good Pittsburgh atmosphere and the service is always great.  I really do enjoy coming here every once in a while when I'm down in the strip.  That said, the food doesn't generally blow me out of the water.  It's definitely good, but I have to say that I prefer the Dor-Stop in Dormont for breakfast.We went over the weekend.  Our service was great, as usual, everyone is very friendly.  I got corned beef hash (something the Dor-Stop is lacking), and it was alright.  It's hard to find really amazing corned beef hash - if you're ever in the Cleveland area and that's your thing, check out Big Al's.  Best I've ever had.My boyfriend got a breakfast burrito, which is his go-to most places.  He said it was good, but definitely preferred it elsewhere.Overall, I think we would probably be a lot more excited about this place if we didn't have a place we liked better right near us.
2	I stopped by here today with my parents and sister for breakfast.  We were debating over a place to eat in the Strip District and I offered up DeLuca's as I have had decent experiences there before and there is always a line out the door waiting for seats.  We arrived at around 9:15 and walked right into the restaurant and were seated in the upstairs portion.  The inside of this place is nothing special and looks like many other diners.  They did have a t shirt from man v food (circa 2006) on the wall above us.For my breakfast I decided to start off with a coffee which was poured within seconds of ordering and delivered to our table.  Then after a few minutes of deliberating over the huge menu I ended up going with the Huevos Rancheros for my breakfast.  After ordering our waitress disappeared and I am pretty sure that I never saw her again until we had to ask another waitress to get her for our check.  That meant that after about 10 minutes of waiting with an empty cup of coffee, I ended up helping myself to the pot that was sitting nearby.  I never did get a third cup which would have been nice.  Anyways, after a reasonable amount of time our food made it out to our table and my Huevos Rancheros looked pretty good.  The egg was sunny side up and whenever I cut through it, the yolk dripped nicely onto the tortilla, cheese, salsa and chorizo underneath it.  It tasted decently enough although I would have personally liked it quite a bit spicier.  After I was about half way through my my meal the avocado that was supposed to come on it materialized to our table.  It was maybe 1/4 of a total avocado cut into 4 very small slices which were quickly gone.  Whenever my family and I had finished our meals we proceeded to wait about 10 minutes for our waitress to come to our table.  Finally giving up on that we asked another waitress to ask our waitress for the bill.  She did and about 10 minutes later and after again asking our waitress for the bill, we were able to pay.  The sad thing is that we were trying to get out of there and there was a huge line of people outside waiting to get in.The bottom line for me is that I would probably avoid coming here in the future.  While the food was decent tasting I found it to be overpriced and our service was just miserable.
4	Steelers game day-after brunch! Of course, that was the great idea for everyone in town. Long line in the cold, but for the best breakfast in town? Our group would make it work. We were in a party of 8, and were willing to split into two parties of 4. However, the hostess was able to get us all sitting together! Score!The place is a pretty authentic diner. Cash only, several tables, booth and counter seating, and an open kitchen so you can smell the bacon and eggs that gets everyone in good spirits. It also has very tight and narrow spaces, so be careful going to your seat! The menu has many, many options, so I just stayed on the first page. I ordered the breakfast burrito with corned beef hash and home fries. And coffee. Coffee is always necessary. Others ordered crepes, benedicts, and the turkey club. The breakfast burrito was as large as my plate, and satisfied my hunger. Thankfully, the wait for our food was not as long as the wait outside. Service is efficient, and our coffee and water glasses were never empty.I'd come here again if I was back in town! It's located in the Strip district with a parking lot close by!
4	Been here twice in the last two months. Their california eggs benedict with chicken is amazing and comes with a large helping of home fries on the side. My friend got the regular french toast once and liked that. Their freshly squeezed OJ is also on point.The ambience is stereotypically diner but it is endearing. The food came out quickly and the servers are attentive. Definitely a better alternative to Pamela's without being more expensive.
2	Have been Pittsburgh for almost 4 years now and have passed here many times, impressed with the line on the weekend. Finally went and I'm clueless as to why the line is so long, aside from the many options on the menu. I got an omelette and my dining partner got some eggs with bacon and potatoes. Both dishes were ok, but they're nothing that I can't make at home with groceries from the Strip. Service was efficient and payment is cash only (PNC location within like 100 ft of the restaurant).
