5	Lora is, without a doubt, one of the best massage therapists I have ever been to. And I've been to a lot! She's got over 12 years experience (so far) and it shows. She always manages to work out any problems I bring up.. and will even find problem spots that I hadn't even noticed before.All the big name massage spas and whatnot may be a little cheaper, but you don't get anywhere near the quality that you get here. I'm more than willing to fork over a few extra dollars for a massage that blows away even the "top notch" resort spa massages I've had!
5	Lora is the only massage therapist I have used for the last few years!  I usually go in for a deep tissue massage to workout the muscle tension/spasms that come from working too hard and/or playing too hard.  I had been to several other massage therapist years prior for deep tissue massages without anywhere near the same results.  While more pressure is applied in a deep tissue massage Lora's technique and experience really differentiate her from anyone I have been to previously.  You can have a real deep tissue massage and have it be extremely relaxing at the same time with Lora.  The relief is immediate and last for days.  I would recommend Lora to anyone who is looking for deep tissue massage, Swedish massage, sports massage & CranioSacral Massage.
5	I have been all over the city looking for the hands that hold the power of relief. Lora is hands down the best in the city. She hits that spot in my lower back that actually puts me in a light headed state of mind from the pleasure of relief. You can tell she has years of experience.
5	Lora is incredible! She has a wonderful presence and is highly skilled. I called her to schedule a very last minute massage. She was able to get me in same day, within a few hours. I could feel I had strained a muscle, but it couldn't work itself out. Lora worked it out for me with great care and consideration for my comfort. I'm not sure what she uses as a massage lotion, but it feels awesome and hydrating without being oily and it was unscented, which my delicate skin appreciated! I'm only sad that I'm from out of town and she won't be able to be a regular part of my life, but I'll be back as soon as I can!
