3	Welllllll... what's there to say? it's Barnes & Noble. They're all the same. There's not much character. This location's set up kind of weird, with the street entrance opening right into the DVD section. I'd think that's kind of a bad idea, what with grab & go shoplifting and all, but hey... it's not like Tempe Marketplace is an example of great planning, anyway.I feel kinda guilty for frequenting a chain when we have such cool local bookstores (Changing Hands, Ash Ave. Comics), but:1. My boyfriend works here, I like to stop by and see him. Awwwww.2. They're open later than Changing hands (11pm), and they have better seating... conveniently located next to the graphic novel section.3. Since they're an Evil Corporate Machine I don't feel bad about sitting there for 3 hours, reading books without buying them. *shifty eyes*
1	I enjoy browsing at a book store, but not buying from one.  It always amazes me that these places manage to stay in business anymore.  Especially after my experience today.I saw that a new book I wanted came out today.  I checked Amazon to see what its price was, then I checked Barnes & Noble's web site to see its price.  The "online" price was the same, and the web site offers a "pick me up" in store, but it takes an hour to pick up.  So I decided since I live less than 10 minutes from Tempe Market Place, I'd head over.  Guess I should have called.  It turns out the online price only applies to the the web site, and if you choose the "pick me up" option, you end up getting charged the store price.  At least that's the impression the clerk has left me under.  The only way she justified it was getting the book same day, and not paying for shipping.I wasn't in the mood to hold up the small line gathering behind me (like most big retail chains there are several registers, but only one cashier).  So I decided to call it a waste of 20 minutes of my day. Actually make that 30, I'm writing this review and ordering the book on Amazon.
4	Go here every week it seems and get a Stabucks while doing homework or reading magazines. I like all the options in the bookstore and there is always good service. Funny to see other people giving this anything below a 2 star, thats pretty sad. I don't mind the chain bookstores like this and I love the free wi-fi.
3	Nice place to buy books but I don't know if it's a nice place to hangout and study Just because it's connected to the mall but overall it's alright for buying books.
3	While I'm still not a big fan of the big box book stores, my latest shopping experience at Barnes & Noble was a much better one. My girlfriend was looking for a specific Winnie the Pooh picture book for a project she's working on. We had dinner in Tempe Market Place and went to the bookstore to see if they had it. The children's section is a mess for the kind of book we were looking for. The picture books are all on a spinning rack like the kind they used to put comic books on in drug stores and newsstands way back in the day. She went to get help and the sales girl was very friendly and tried very hard to find what they had. We didn't end up with the book she wanted, but still we managed to find one that was suitable.
4	This is my main Barnes & Noble and I've come here since 2008.  They have a very overpriced CD/DVD department that I can't imagine ever buying from, which is par for the course with B&N.   They also have the obligatory Starbucks affiliated cafe, which is not actually a true Starbucks but a B&N department that's licensed to sell Starbucks' products.  As a result, their menu isn't as large.  The food and drink are certainly acceptable but you'll never walk away from it saying "Wow, that was as good as any Starbucks I've ever been in!" Of course, the main reason anyone goes in a bookstore is for the books, so on to the main course.  You'll find a very large selection of books in pretty much any category you can think of, aside I guess from a few really specialized ones. It's a simple reality at this point that they simply can't compete on price with Amazon but I assume you already knew that.   The main sales associates are located at a "help desk" or around the store putting up books, etc.  They range in age age from about 18-25 and all seem to go to ASU, so they're pretty much part-timers.  They do a decent job on customer service, with the aid of their computer system.   The turnover rate is typical enough of retail but some of them are real gems.  For a long time, there was a very pretty and charming young lady named Molly or Maggie who worked there and was always a delight to deal with but I think she's moved on (maybe she graduated from college or something). The managers are a bit older; probably 30-50.  Their turnover is a lot less (better pay, after all) but the store is open close to 100 hours a week, so you can never be sure one of them hasn't moved on. If you can get a manager for customer service, definitely do so, as they know the stock a lot better and may even have inside info.  It's always nice to find out that the hardback you were about to buy is coming out in paperback in two weeks or that the hot book they're sold out of should be in "by Thursday" or whenever. One strange thing, though, is that the male managers seem to be better than the female managers, a distinction that doesn't exist with the sales associates.  I have private nicknames for all of them.  The best is "Ace", who is in his 30s, with brown hair and glasses.  He knows the most and is very friendly.  Then there's "Shy Guy", who is friendly and knows his stuff well enough but you can tell he's shy and he's soft-spoken.  "The Professor" is older (maybe 50?) and is tall and balding. He hasn't been there as long but also seems like he does good work. With the women managers, there are a lady I call "Bertha B." who I think is the top manager based on attitude and age (around 50 but I've seen her boss The Professor around).  One way you can tell she's the top gun is she'll try to run for cover and escape when it comes to customer service.  The worst manager is "Lady I'm All That", who seems to know the least of the group.  On very rare occasions I've seen her be friendly but usually she's professional at best and as rude at worst.  However, even she will know more than the typical sales associate, so if you can stomach her attitude she's okay.  There are also one or two people who I think may be managers but I'm not sure.  Over all, I'd say that this place is as good as any of the B&N's in the East Valley.  It's definitely better than some and is no worse than others.  It's also a good way to check out the eye candy from ASU, most of whom seem to take the view of "Wear clothes?  You're so old fashioned!"
3	The Borders by me closed so I had to venture here to buy a book I was looking for. After wandering around like a lost child looking for the section I wanted, and no one asked if I needed any help,  I finally found one of the books I was searching for. I asked the guy at the desk about the second one and he said he'd order it for me and email me when it came in. How long does this take? It's been over a week now and I had almost forgotten about it until writing this review.Meh, nothing negative, but nothing that made my experience great. You need a book? Try here, or go somewhere else. I'm still a big fan of books though. I don't "kindle", I turn a real page. So I guess I need these guys to serve my literary fix.
3	I love just walking around the store, flipping through books. The hours are convenient. I have trouble studying/focusing at home so I like to here to read and/or write. However, I find it incredibly lame that there are not power outlets in the Starbucks cafe area. Perhaps even more lame, the outlets found elsewhere around the store have locks over them. It's kind of like so you want us to come, buy your coffee, stay- but not for tooooo long.
4	do i love books? why yes i do. i buy many, many, many books. but i only needed a gift card today and i was in tempe marketplace so i popped on in here. it was fine. slow that early in the am, but i only got a gift card so nothing too exciting to write about.
4	Let me start off by saying that all bookstores are overpriced and you should buy books online. However, this is a pretty nice store. They have the largest magazine section around and they have a nice coffee bar right next to it. Everything is laid out nice and parking is relatively easy. If you do buy something here WATCH the prices!
4	Be forewarned the Starbucks inside this Barnes and Noble only brews Starbucks coffee so you cannot use your gift card. Tear. However the staff is always friendly and I love books so you really cannot go wrong!
4	This is a great B&N (I'm a nooker!) - they are obviously well-stocked with books of every sort.. anything you could basically want to read about.  Plus when I take my nook, I can sit and read here for hours whatever book they carry on the shelves... pretty sweet.The parking is easy if you park right outside of the B&N (which we did) and don't want to trek the whole mall just to get there.  I was impressed with their kid's section.  We took the kiddies here for reading time and there were SO MANY books and types of books that my nieces and nephews were entertained (quietly, too!) for at least an hour and a half.  LOTS of Star Wars books as well as other educational topics for kids.  Their seating area for kids was perfect, too: little kids ottomans, lego tables, train tables as well as reading tables with lots of little wooden chairs.  They have a Starbucks, but as I previously reviewed, be aware they DO NOT ACCEPT GOLD CARDS or any SB cards... not cool, man!
4	The staff is friendly and enthusiastic and they have a great selection of books. My only real complaint if that they close at 10 instead of 11. Great location and always plenty of parking.
4	I have to be honest and say that I buy most of my books on line.  The reason I am reviewing this place is because my wife and I immediately come to this place if we have any time to kill before our movie starts at the Tempe Marketplace. We were here the other day and I liked the variety of magazines they have in the front so I don't have to walk all the way to back for some mindless reading when killing time.  I love American history and they had a very nice section of Time Magazine specialty issues about the American Revolution.  Gotta give it to Barnes and Nobles for enhancing my down time in the best way.
5	This is by far my fave B&N!! Open and spacious with a greater selection than most.  All one level, so you kind of feel encompassed by all the books, which I love.  Right in the middle of Tempe Marketplace it is also a great place for people watching.
3	There really isn't much to say here..it is a large chain bookstore with thousands of stores worldwide including an online collection that makes any mom & pop shop piddle in their depends. But isn't that the point? While I want to support local businesses, I rarely find the type of book I am looking for (or not looking for) in the smaller bookstores. Oh well, I guess Barnes & Noble will just have to keep taking my money.
4	A bookstore....that's someplace I don't visit as much as I used to.  I do most of my bookstore shopping online.  This particular trip was because our Son needed a book for a reading assignment and of course instead of planning ahead and ordering a used book online, he waited until the last minute so we had to go find a new one....$$$.Good thing I went though, because I walked away with some Star Wars stuff for myself...ha!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barnes-and-noble-tempe?select=60avMvahFmow9xyhobOwVA#60avMvahFmow9xyhobOwVAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barnes-and-noble-tempe?select=0JhFNOvwvJPM5l1NhC_Kdg#0JhFNOvwvJPM5l1NhC_KdgIt was a Saturday morning and the store had decent business with people in the Coffee Shop area as well as the books area.  I really hope bookstores don't go away.Return Factor - 80%
5	For a book store this is pretty well put together with the customer in mind. When you first walk in the smell of books and Starbucks coffee fill your nose. Makes you want to stay forever to relax. In front are the specials and bargains. Each isle is categorized with large signs so it is easy to find what you want. The staff is helpful and friendly. There is a central location just for them so if you have a question they are easy to find. I thought Starbucks was a cleaver add to a bookstore.
4	This is a great Barnes & Noble - as seems to be pretty consistent with the locations in the Phoenix area, which is great! Clean and organized. Friendly staff. The surrounding area is a bit hard to park in and you may have to walk a little bit from parking spot to shops, but not really a big deal to us.  They always have fun things in the up front discount section - perhaps a place to look for those upcoming Christmas gifts?!Overall: AI find it hard not to like most bookstores and Barnes and Noble is no exception!
3	Coffee was ok. Looks like a Starbucks but just uses their product stars awarded.
1	I am an avid reader and spend quite a bit of money weekly at Barnes and Noble, both online and at the local store. This evening, I escorted my mother to this store so that she could buy a book for my niece, and while there I found a book myself. My mother is disabled, and I went to checkout for her. I was buying two books, separately, with two different payment methods (one mine, one my mothers). My mother was waiting near by and it was obvious that we were together. When I went to check out, I told the salesperson that I was checking these items out separately, and that we both had a coupon. The coupons both had the same code number (which as I verified with another salesperson after the fact, every copy of this coupon has the same number). This salesperson, Steven, refused to check me out. He told me that it didn't matter that I was checking out for two separate people, using separate pay methods, or that we each had coupons sent to directly to us. He said that the code could only be used one time, and would only let me purchase one item. He was incredibly rude in the way that he spoke to me, and I will not go back to this store for this very reason. This is the only store that is convenient to my location, which means that my money will now be spent at an independent seller instead of at your store. As I walked away, and went to find someone else to help me complete my purchase, he called the manager (in front of my mother) and told him that I was coming to complain about him and that I was angry because he wouldn't let me check out multiple items using the same coupon, that was not the scenario as he well knew, and the manager (only a few feet away and also within ear shot of my mother) then stated that he would back him up should I complain; which effectively negated my ability to resolve this issue in store. If this is how customers are allowed to be treated, then I will not be going back. I have been treated rudely by salespeople before, but never as blatantly as by Steven at the Tempe, AZ Tempe Marketplace store.
3	Let me preface this review by saying this is not a bad B&N. However, let me also make it very clear in sentence number 2 of this review that this is not a good B&N either.In a state like Arizona where commercial retail space is far cheaper than B&N locations in coastal towns like San Diego and San Francisco, or New York City in the east coast, this B&N location is pathetically small. Which confuses me, this is the TEMPE MARKETPLACE, a sizeable shopping center. Why isn't this B&N bigger? It's in a college town too.Compounding the small store size, is an overpacked place. At first I thought it was just the time of day I was there, but I spoke to some surrounding customers around my tiny 3 feet circular table and most of them pretty much alluded to the notion that  this B&N is just packed with people who just want to grab coffee from the in-store Starbucks and then walk around the bookstore like it's some amusement park or museum. In short, too many people, too cramped, it was so cramped I couldn't even get help from a B&N associate, and baristas were not entirely friendly. In their defense, they weren't rude either, it's just that I sensed massive burnout on their part from probably serving way too many customers. In the hour time I was there, the line of customers getting Starbucks coffee never ended.Now, for the actual books. Everything is cramped at this location, aisles are labeled appropriately but stock levels are low because, well, the size of the B&N is small. So for a bookstore, this does not lend well to the image of this store's inventory.Plus side, wifi here is actually decent, considering there were more than 10 users connected. They must have a really good wifi access point or several repeating access points.
5	Love this place!! All the staff are super friendly and genuinely nice people. The coffee in the cafe is easily the best and most reliable I have ever encountered in my life. They know how to make any drink, including amazing off the menu suggestions. They also know what they are doing with decaf - I have never had better decaf than here, so many places don't know the first think about handling decaf shots, but not here! They are always on their A game. Also, added bonus with B&N, they have a more diverse and unique magazine section by the cafe. I find many international magazines here that are hard to find elsewhere, and it's always a pleasure to peruse them while sipping coffee.
4	I love Barnes and Noble!!  This location is large and well-stocked, but the bathrooms were atrocious and I don't use the term lightly (this is huge anomaly - as a rule, you can count on nice bathrooms in B&N).  This is really a big deal if you're a huge book nerd and want to stay there all day, so for that, they lose a star.B&N in general:They have a wonderful selection of books, laid out in tempting ways that inspire me to try new authors and genres.  I can walk around forever, browsing and picking out an enormous stack of books.  They almost always have the title I'm looking for, and they'll happily order, in the unlikley event that they don't. Their game selection (board games, card games, travel games, toys, the works!) is always wonderful (though a bit pricey) - I almost always choose them over a toy store.For large, beautiful coffee table books, books as gifts, travel books, etc., they are a wonderful go-to.  The magazine section tends to be pretty extensive, and the cafe is staffed with nice people, really fabulous tea and coffee supplies and good eats.
5	Really nice selection. Always find what I'm looking for. CDs DVD books. Magazines. They've got it all. Great coffee shop too.
3	Grabbed a coffee and a new book. 10% discount for B&N members. Not necessarily the best coffee (I mean it's Starbucks - what can you really expect?) nor the best book prices (c'mon it's not an online retailer), but it's a tranquil spot to pass some time and catch up on some reading.
1	This is a review that has been 4 years in the making. And is only for the cafe section of the store. Please excuse my delay. Their cafe doesn't allow you to bring in outside food and drinks. I spoke to the store manager about this and told her, that if that's Barnes & Nobles' policy; there needs to be a sign somewhere in the store stating that fact. She disagreed and told me that they don't need to post a sign. Excuse me, whatever happened to the customer is always right??! I mentioned to her that when I worked in the food industry, the health inspector told us that we needed to post a sign for any rules meant for either customers and/or employees. We were also told by the inspector, that the sign must not be hand written, but clearly printed. I told her that I refuse to come back due to poor customer service.B&N: Why do you refuse to have outside food and drinks in your stores, especially when the store is in an outdoor mall surrounded by other stores in the food industry? This makes no sense to me. If I come in with an outside drink (let's say) and I buy a muffin (from your cafe) while looking at several books. I am a paying customer! By asking me to leave the premises, because of my bottle of tea that I didn't buy at B&N is ludicrous! What you were asking me to do was to take my business elsewhere; which is what I have done since and will continue to do.
3	Books are an important aspect of my life and are my TV. It is difficult to be a brick and mortar bookstore. That is why I am surprised how poorly run this location is? I visit certain sections and they are always a mess.  I know from  experience are not touched. I have mentioned the foreign language section to each cashier. Usually a glib excuse that ends in no action. How do I know? I buy 3 languages for myself and other people. Chiines, Korean & American English. When I see a Russian book in Latin spot I move the book to where most of the Russian language books are. Four months ago I looked for Korean and it appeared there were none. Experience told me they may be in many places. I took each book on Korean and placed them together but not after Japanese. Months later they are still there. This evening I patiently stood at the information desk.I was cut off twice when I finally got to speak. I was looking to find a section but was asked what title I wanted. I was  not smart enough to even know if the type of book exhists? I looked through the section and asked myself, why should I buy here? I thought of how exceptional my local library is and walked out.
4	I like purchasing books from here because it saves me a ton of money. They have a nice selection of books. Everything is in almost new condition. The store is very clean and a very relaxing environment. It is a wonderful place to purchase titles that you did not even know you would want. They always have something new and the workers in here are very nice and always helpful when you ask for help.
2	We love Barnes and Noble but this store does not deserve to carry the name.  It's a terrible representation and if Barnes and Noble cares anything about their brand reputation they should get to this story immediately and clean it up!  Please start in the bathrooms!  Horrendous!
3	This is an extra large store, so your chances of finding what you want are enhanced, but they actually put locks on the power outlets in the cafe. I find that to be very unwelcoming, and I don't plan to use my money to support this store.
4	Besides having a Starbucks in here this is one of the best places to stop and get a peace of mind away from the hustle and bustle
