1	Oh, yuk.Ten years ago, this place used to at least be tolerable, but any more I can't drive past it without sneering and saying, 'oh, yuk.'The meat is low grade, no matter what kind.  The chicken is fatty, the beef is tough.  Anything fried tastes like oil and not like the food it's supposed to be.  Their sauces are so thick they're more like glazes, and the sugary ones will almost send you into a diabetic coma.  The rice isn't cooked correctly and even the fortune cookie I got last time was stale.Add to the fact that the people working there are usually not very accommodating or friendly and that the place is filthy, and there's not a thing in the world that would take me back here.
1	Uhm Puke - How many china men you know named Joe? Ok I like Chinese food. YES CHINESE FOOD. Not this guy's interpretation of Chinese food. Is this art?
1	Sucky, and not a very good area either.
5	my favorite chinese take out in vegas. love their lo mein
2	China Joes Chinese Take-Out.. Not Bad but nothing special.Chicken was good,rice was good,egg rolls were good but it needed some MSG or something a little bland for my taste.Feed a family of 4 for $30! The ribs I will pass on next time.
3	Woah woah woah, this place is like okay. Not as awful as everybody says here on yelp. I once walked into this location and had a man yell at me because I said the name, "China Joe", he thought I was being racist because a chinese guy had to be named joe. But, its in an awful side of town - but the food is good enough to eat kinda. Their rangoons are FANTASTIC and I could live off them.
3	I agree that it's not bad, and for a starving college student like myself, you can't beat the price! I had the General Chao's chicken meal deal thingy, they give you a lot of food for cheap and it's not bad mannnn... $5.45So if you're in the hood, (a.k.a. UNLV) lookin for somethin good, try China Joe's.
3	This is a pretty good, CHEAP, Chinese joint down by the UNLV campus that is actually worth taking a visit to.I usually order take-out from this place ($6 minimum order, $1.50 delivery charge), and they deliver it to my job on the UNLV campus. The delivery time is pretty random, sometimes taking 15 minutes, and other times taking 30-45 minutes, but it's worth the wait.I have always ordered the All-Day Express Meal, which gives you either 1 Item ($4.15) or 2 items ($5.15), as well as a side of plain Fried Rice, and plain Lo Mein Noodles. I usually order the Mongolian Beef, but the Curry Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and Orange Chicken are pretty good as well. Whatever you do, do NOT order the Teriyaki Chicken...it's pretty terrible.Usually to push my order over the $6 minium, I order some Pork Fried Wontons (6 for $2.05, 12 for $4.05), and those are pretty tasty as well.Not a bad place to eat at all, especially considering the limited options for tolerable Chinese food around UNLV.
1	Worst Chinese food I've ever had.  The Orange Chicken was coated in a thick sticky goo.  The Teriyaki Chicken was fatty and tendony, and the Egg Foo Yung was no good.  The fried rice had no egg or vegetables and the fortune cookie was stale.  The only good thing on any of our three plates was the noodles (which also had zero additions, just plain noodles.)  If I ever had to eat here again, I'd try a Lo Mein meal.
1	Tried once, because it's close to home. The interior is dirty, which sometimes means good food (think pho so 1, your local favorite taqueria or strip club) or really bad food (China Joe's). The plain noodles are really just sugar noodles. The beef chow fun is slimy and the noodles stick together, beef is bad quality and overly chewy. The vegetables taste sub par and not so fresh. What do you expect for $5-$6? A lot more than that China Joes. I guess all they are competing with is the scary Chinese buffet in the next shopping center, but never again.
4	We ordered take-out from here last night, and were blown away by the flavor and quality of their soup!  Also had an order of egg rolls, which were pretty good, but their SOUP ... Oh-Em-Gee ... Their soup won my heart and my tummy with the first spoonful.  We ordered the Wor Wonton Soup and Hot and Sour Soup.  Both were incredibly flavorful, chock full of goodies and an amazing $$$ value!  The wontons were freakin' incredible and tasted like they must be made in-house on a daily basis.  The Hot and Sour was perfectly rich, spicy, dark and delicous, and loaded with eggs, tofu, mushrooms. If you have a stuffed nose, this soup is the cure! LOL  Their Wor Wonton Soup also includes snow peas, pork, shrimp, mushrooms, carrots, etc.  But the wontons themselves were what blew my taste buds away, along with the perfectly balanced broth!!! Next time I will order the traditional Wonton Soup.  Can't wait!Seriously ... Try their soups!!!
1	The food here was horrible! I ordered from the express menu. The kung pao chicken that I had was average. I just wish the chicken was seared more that way it could of had more color. The beef and broccoli was good. I would definitely not recommend their fried rice nor their noodles that come with this meal. The only good thing that I had here was there sweet and sour soup. Overall its not worth wasting your time and money at this establishment.
1	Had a 2 choice plate with beef broccoli and orange chicken. Also ordered won ton soup. Came out to about $12 for everything. If I was not in a hurry I could have made it paying less for fresh ingredients and better tasting at home. Now I know why they are always empty inside when I go to Yama Sushi which is next door.
4	$6.00 for mongolian beef, orange chicken, with fried rice and noodles, that's a deal in my book.
1	Just tried chocking down what this place called Kung Pao Chicken. About three pieces of chewy chicken covered, I mean absolutely covered in peanuts and cucumbers. Chicken fried rice also had the same consistency (chewy) chicken. Horrible, tasteless and I hope I don't have to visit emergency room later for uncooked chicken.
2	Writing reviews is not an easy feat. When it is a good experience and expectations or needs have been met, there is the tendency to give it an exceptional write-up as well. Am not one to skimp on writing or spending the money or giving it less the time and effort for anything in this world. If it means to do something right or good for the benefit of mankind's satisfaction, there is the compelling need to let it be known. Restaurants and food places have to meet a great deal from each person's hunger satisfaction as well as the purse strings that purchases the meal. Dined in this small restaurant next to a massage parlor in the shopping plaza at the corner of E. Flamingo and Algonquin Rd. in mid-April. Not many diners at that time. Menu is not extensive in choices. This restaurant skimped on authenticity of Chinese cuisine cooking, that is far from what one expects from Chinese cooking. For its cheapness in cost of a meal, it skimp or cut-back in ingredients! The noodles and fried rice were made of soy sauce and a little salt (maybe), devoid of the usual chopped vegetables and egg that comes with it. As you know it, the regular fried rice (or if it was for the combination meal) in almost every Chinese restaurant or in fast cooking or to-go Chinese restaurants as well, would make fried rice with the usual ingredients of chopped vegetables (i.e., carrots, peas, corn, or other type of vegetables are the staple to fried rice, isn't it?) and with eggs. Wouldn't you agree? How do you picture Fried Rice whether you know or not, or you are the Chinese cook? The usual idea and way of cooking fried rice is what anyone expects to be Fried Rice. The Curry Chicken tasted unlike curry with most likely the sauce itself came from a bottle of ready-made "curry sauce" or chili-curry blend. See photo (thanks to a diner who was gladly took a photo of it) and regard it with your eyes if having less of ingredients means to have such meal at a cheaper price of $4.99 is sufficient. Is it a great buy for a combination of 2 entrees with plain noodles, plain fried rice at $4.99? It was disappointing to eat through the meal despite the affordability. In all accounts, a meal well-made is satisfying irregardless of the price it is afforded to. Sad to say, as it is decent in price but skimp on ingredients! Would you pay for less of a meal that's presented in a cut-back of ingredients? Had to mention that upon questioning how the fried rice and noodles were made as plain as can be, the cashier or man behind the counter stated that to have the vegetables and fried strips of egg in the fried rice and/or the noodles, an extra dollar is the extra charge or cost to the meal, thus would cost $5.99 (cost un-taxed). Such a sinker! Expectation: the usual Oh what a decent price for a combination meal with fried rice! Upon receiving the meal: Two thumbs down! Rating: 2 Stars to 1 Star. Recommendation: Eat elsewhere for the price, the cooking, and the meal that is rrright!
4	We ate here while staying in Las Vegas and was very impressed with their wonton soup.  We also had the Orange chicken, chillimint chicken and the general chicken.  The batter wasn't over thick and was nice and crunchy.  I can't comment on the restaurant because we had them deliver the food to our room.
