5	I needed a 5th wheel hitch installed in my GMC 2500HD.  My neighbor referred me to these guys after having them install a Pullrite Superglide in his truck.  I had them install a Pullrite Superglide, as well, with the removable rails.  I dropped my truck off in the morning and got it back in the afternoon (which is about how long it takes to install this hitch).  When I picked up my truck they went over how to use the hitch, maintenance, etc and if I ever had any questions they told me to call them.  Good service.  Hitch has been working great.  I'd use them again.
5	Simply the best trailer service shop I've ever run into.  Every time I have something done here I'm impressed with the service and care.  The owner always takes the time to explain everything he did in detail, and anything you need to know to follow up on.  Prices range from reasonable to surprisingly inexpensive.  Last time I had a set of brakes done they charged less for the parts than what I could find online.  When you make a reservation for service they take you right in and get it done fast.
5	I second all the good things said here. I had them put a hitch on my new truck--took an hour and works great first time out.  Later I needed a platform for a bunk in the bed after I put a topper on. After mulling over how I was going to do that, I took it to Lewis' and for a very reasonable price they built and installed.  I'm sure it's bombproof--very sturdy and well done.  Couldn't be more pleased.   I'll take any truck work/welding I need to this shop.
5	These guys are the best. A breath of fresh air in the world of corporate-run auto repair rip off artists. They know what they are doing and do it at a reasonable price.
5	They correctly diagnosed and repaired an electric brake problem on my camp trailer. Honest skilled work at a fair price, with excellent communication. I highly recommend Eric and the guys at Lewis Hitches.
5	Fair prices, experienced installers, and the only one in the Phoenix area certified to install an execuhitch (invisible hitch). They did a nice job on the hitch install... I have yet to try it out with a trailer yet, but seems securely affixed.
5	I burned up a wheel bearing on my travel-trailer coming into Phoenix on my way home to LA.  I found Lewis Hitches on-line and liked what I saw in these reviews.  I couldn't be happier!  Not only did they take care of my wheel bearing problem, I showed them some other things I was concerned about - like a bent tow frame.  They fixed everything I needed, explaining with great patience as I asked a zillion questions (single woman traveling solo for the first time with first freeway breakdown), and did it in a timely manner especially considering that it was almost Thanksgiving.  I found their work to be quality work and the price extremely fair.  Eric made a point of showing me everything that had been done, how it worked and how to maintain it all in the future.  I would highly recommend them for any trailer work you might need to have done.
5	We found them online and needed a 20K 5th wheel hitch and airbags installed. We scheduled an appointment several days ahead of time. They had all the parts ready to go and installed everything in roughly 3 hours. Be cause they finished it quicker than they quoted they gave me a discount on the labor. Eric was great to deal with both on the phone and in person. Highly recommend!
