5	I have rented kayaks here many many times . The service is great . The rAtes are affordable. It's an unique way to see the city . Great place to take out of town guests .
5	I had the best experience kayaking on the rivers!! This is a must to take out of towners to! I had never kayaked before, so this was a little out of the box for me.  I was thinking about doing the beginner lessons but opted to just try it on my own.  Once you're sitting there in a boat with a paddle there's not much else to figure out.  I would definitely say opt out of those lessons because it's about $35 for a session.  I was so excited to see a new perspective of the city. You're looking at it floating in the middle of the river, how cool is that?!  It was gorgeous! It was very affordable, around $13 for an hour of kayaking and I was surprised to hear there were no restrictions on how far you can go. Obviously I wasn't kayaking to Ohio anytime soon, because it was surprising how tired you get.  I probably made it as far as the Science Center and then paddled my way back under the 6th St. Bridge. I am even thinking of buying a Venture Outdoors membership just for the discount on kayaking! I will definitely be hitting this up a lot over the summer!
5	I love traveling on the water.  Whether in a giant ship, or a tiny hunk of plastic, there's something inspiring and just a little bit romantic about water travel.  Kayak Pittsburgh is a cheap and close way for me to indulge this.  They advertise kayaking as a new perspective from which to see the city, and it really is, moreso than you might have guessed.  Once you're out there on the water, it's sort of marvelous how quiet it is, even though you're right in the heart of the action.The location's cool, and everything's really simple.  You check in, sign the obligatory "I will not sic my lawyer on you like a normal American" waiver, and they get you kitted out with a paddle and a life preserver.  They'll ask you once if you know what you're doing.  In my case, the answer was "yes," and then they left me alone.  No safety lecture, no training classes, just respect.  I liked that.The river itself is quiet, and easy to work with.  Obviously it's easier to paddle downstream than up, but it's not really tough either way.  In the hour I gave myself, I could have made it to the 40th street bridge and back without a problem.  You can go as fast or as slow as you want: it can be a workout, or just some relaxing fun.  I did a bit of both.  And you really can't beat fifteen bucks an hour for this sort of activity.I recommend Kayak Pittsburgh heavily.  It's a chance to get out and do something different, whether you're a parent taking out your kids for a day in town, or an adult trying to have a good time with a few friends.
4	I can't lift my arms above my head today, but it was worth it!  I love all things water-related.  Swimming, diving, marine biology - whatever. Put me near a body of water and I'm likely to jump in.  However, until yesterday, I had never had the pleasure of kayaking.  There's not really too much to say about company Kayak Pittsburgh: they have bright yellow kayaks, friendly enough staff and decent prices for hourly rentals.  it's a pretty bare-bones operation, but what else do you need for kayaking besides a kayak, an oar and a life-jacket?  Two tips for you: 1. If you plan on kayaking more than two more times in a year, spring for the Venture Outdoors membership. At $25 it'll give you an hour of kayaking time, and a $5 discount every time thereafter.  2.  Consider wearing gloves or some kind of hand protection if you have super-sensitive skin like me.  10 minutes in, my hands were slightly ...well, bleeding (only a little) from being a little too overzealous with the oar.  What can I say...I wanna go fast!  Other than that, enjoy a relaxing time, Pittsburgh's gorgeous scenery and a satisfying workout, courtesy of Kayak Pittsburgh.
5	This is an awesome opportunity to see the burgh from the water!  You pick up your kayak, life jacket and oar directly below the Roberto Clemente Bridge by PNC Park.  It's $15/hr and I believe in the month of August (or at least 2nd half of the month) you can receive an additional $5 for working with a nonprofit.  The latest you can shove off shore is 7pm.  It's a perfect after work, before dinner activity!!
5	amazing!
5	One of the best river/water activities to do in the burgh!!
5	So much fun! Was very easy to do. Reasonable prices too.
5	I'm so thankful that I had the chance to experience this! It's located right underneath PNC Park (take the stairs down by the park) After signing up, a quick paddling lesson, and your life-jacket, you're headed on the river! We had soooo much fun. The view is amazing and unlike any other view of Pgh (even the Gateway Clipper view) There's just something about being right on the river and looking up at the beautiful city.We tried our best to make it far, but you really have no idea how tired your arms get! After about 6 minutes, I let Bobby do all of the paddling and I just sat back and relaxed. He got tired quick too and our kayaking lasted an hour, but we will always remember it! We're going to have to do this again soon this year!It's not an expensive date either. If you're visiting Pgh or a long-time resident & haven't experienced this, you are truly missing out on an awesome adventure! :)
5	If you're looking for a nice, relaxing way to experience Pittsburgh...nothing beats renting out a Kayak on a nice, warm summer day. This spot rents out tandem boats, one-person kayaks and even bikes at affordable prices.Here's how it works: you go in, use their computer system to reserve a kayak and print out a release form, sign the form, give them a credit card or drivers license to hold on to (they don't accept AE) and head on over to be fitted for a life jacket and educated on the basics of kayaking. They also have water bottles for sale and a porto-potty if you need to use the restroom.The rules are simple: you're suggested to stay on the left or right side of the river (in the middle is for the big boats) and you're free to paddle to wherever your heart desires. Hello to freedom!So, now -- paddle away. Smell the air. Say hi to the ducks and geese floating around. Make faces at the fishermen and women along the peer. Be a kid on a boat. Don't flip as the water is of questionable purity.Thanks Kayak Pittsburgh for facilitating such a potentially rejuvenating ride!
5	A-Maz-ing!  Loved seeing Pittsburgh from a  new perspective.  I went kayaking with a few friends late one Sunday morning before brunch and it was fabulous.  The weather was gorgeous (which only made the trip more enjoyable) and the staff were helpful and courteous.  Reasonably priced and the perfect way to get in a little bit of a workout or just float along and enjoy being on the water.  I'll definitely be back, especially when I have friends or family in from out of town!
5	If I was forced to make a list of my top 10 favorite things to do in Pittsburgh - which I don't want to do, because I love everything in this city so much! - Kayak Pittsburgh would make that list. I haven't checked out their other locations yet, because while I want to eventually, this one is the most convenient: it's right by PNC Park, 15 minutes from my place and down the street from where I work! Really, unless you go for an evening paddle on a game night, you won't have much trouble here (and if you do that, be prepared for traffic and parking difficulties...). Just walk up to their rental desk, take a couple minutes to fill out some paperwork, and you'll be given a paddle and a life vest before you're sent out on the water. You can get a kayak for one or two people and the guides will give you a few paddling tips if you've never been out on the water before. Then you're off to explore!The trick when kayaking is to pick a day where there's the perfect mix of sun and clouds; the sun obviously helps enhance the beauty of the city but the occasional cloud will make sure you don't overheat while you're out in the water; kayaking, while super relaxing, does require a bit of work. From this location you can either paddle upriver and take it easy on the way back down, or head out to the point first and then paddle upriver to get back to Kayak Pittsburgh's base. I prefer heading down towards the point because I love paddling alongside the submarine by the Science Center - it's so surreal when you're next to that thing! - but the paddle back isn't a picnic.Important notes: keep in mind that you're, you know, on the river...I know a lot of people who lose important items like phones or iPods because they bring those along; why they do this, I don't know, but they do. Your best bet is to either bring a waterproof bag for the kayak (and if you do, put as few items as you need in it, just in case) or to keep your keys and ID in a shorts pocket that zippers shut. Just leave as much as you can in your car, where it won't potentially fall in the river. Also: ALWAYS bring a bottle of water and sunscreen. Even on a cloudy day the sun could appear in Pittsburgh thanks to our weird weather, and even when there's a breeze it gets hot and you work up a bit of a sweat when you paddle against the current.In summary: get out there right now and have fun, guys!
4	This was something fun and different to do on a Saturday afternoon. If you want to be in the outdoors instead of inside shopping or watching TV I suggest you give this a try! A beautiful way to see the city. My only suggestion for this company would possibly have an employee out on the water offering to take pictures for people that they can purchase when the leave. That would be a cool keepsake to take home with you.
5	I'm all for being active and enjoying natures gifts so this place for me gets 5 stars. They are priced very reasonable and they don't fuse if your a couple minutes over your time. The staff was friendly and helpful and the equipment is well kept. You can bike or kayak here and the bike paths goes pretty far either way you choose. This is totally worth it! We had a blast and really enjoyed the city views and great weather. Definitely a must if the weather is nice.
5	Just go, for goodness sake.  This is a unique way to experience Pittsburgh that will be unforgettable.  Make sure you take sunglasses, a hat and a dry bag.  The rental rates are very reasonable, especially if you become a Venture Outdoors member.  They give you a little paddle talk before you go and help you get in and out of the water.  It's a lot less scary than you may think, as you wear a safety vest and tipping over is pretty rare.I recommend you get the solo boats over the tandems, they are just easier to maneuver and a lot more fun.
4	My boyfriend and I rented kayaks 2 weeks ago and we had a blast! Both of us are familiar with kayaking so we did not need instructions but the staff down there was really wonderful and helpful as I saw them instructing some children and were doing a great job at it! The pricing could be cheaper ($16 for an hour) but that is my only gripe. They also have bikes for rent if kayaking is not your speed. They are open 7 days a week. i'd recommend going when a game at PNC park is happening-you can see in the park from the kayak and get a nice view of the game!
4	Spur of the moment adventure!  I have been wanting to do this all summer, alas, work kept getting in the way. I picked a great day. 75 degrees, cloudy, low humidity. The place is in an interesting location. Right by PNC park. Check in ran smooth, not a lot of instruction, the attendants looked and acted weary. Long summer, i'm sure. We rented single kayaks as opposed to tandem. I've kayaked before, so we were in the water, and before we knew it ,skimming towards the point. It is work, because of the current.  1 hour is 16.00 and its  enough time.
5	One of the best ideas I've come across in a long time- a place you can rent a kayak by the hour with no hassles: the kayaks are ready at the water and all the equipment included. Enjoy the skyline downtown or the peaceful lake setting. If you need instruction, take a beginner class at any location.
