5	I love this place because they are the cheapest place to get you car washed. You can also get detailing done there too so its multi faceted. I think its 3 dollars for a basic wash tho which is nice.
4	I want to say first that I am not only mildly obsessive compulsive, but I am my mother's daughter, making me very, very stereotypically Jewish (this is a recently common theme/disclaimer, I know) (my boyfriend is destined for sainthood... don't worry, I talked to God, he says it's cool).This means that I am basically NEVER happy with car washes, among other things.That said, I really like this car wash... they're just as the title says. I took my mud-bogged car there and they took so much extra time out to make sure all the mud was off and without the requisite upcharge. It wasn't an AMAZING job, but it was the kind of job Los Olivos or Weiss Guys would charge twice the price for. And, the people there were remarkably friendly.
5	Quick n Clean is the perfect car wash because 1) you get to vacuum and clean the inside of your car yourself. I am especially grateful for this because I am always disappointed with the interior when someone else does it...I usually have to go over it again myself, which makes no sense if I just paid someone so I wouldn't have to. So naturally, I love that option. 2) It's FAST. Granted, you don't have someone washing your car by hand, but who cares, the drive-thru probably does a better job anyway. And comparing this system and it's cleanliness to other gas station type places, this drive-thru definitely takes the cake. And 3) It's cheap! However, it's not as cheap as it used to be. I went today for the first time in months and whaddyaknow it's a whopping six bucks! It used to be three, then five, and now six I suppose. But whatev, it's still less than going to some ghetto do-it-all-yourself place and spending who knows how much in quarters. Plus it's a lot less work. They offer several different wash options, as well as detailing. I have only ever purchased the $6 (cheapest) "Express Wash", but the upgrade washes are usually pretty hoppin' too. There seems to be a ton of employees working, which can be somewhat obnoxious when they start pitching you windshield repairs and sales, but then again, they run a smooth operation so I'm thankful for their presence.
4	I give this place 4 and 1/2 stars YAY! I'm a fan.This is probably the best car wash for $20.00 you can get in the state of Arizona.  They do a thorough job of washing your car and making sure it is really clean. I always tip just because they do such a good job.I can not even image what it would be if  I got one of their detail packages.  For $20.00 they do like a $100.00 job at other places...they can not be beat for their value.They have a nice clean waiting area, with plenty of reading materials and vending machines. It is quick...convenient and cheap and everyone is really friendly,this place RULEZ!
3	10/12Friendly and quick, although I had to point out a few spots where extra attention was needed (tar on one side was initially observed as paint scratch, until I told them to check it again).  I also found a few spots that could've used another one or two swipes of the towel, and the sunglass case was never touched and thus dirty.  Be sure to visit during the early part of the week, and not on the weekend to grab the best deals- I paid $100 for both interior and exterior detailing.  Am so happy with the overall results- the spots between the bottom of my car seats and the floor are completely clean of caked-on food debris (I am living in the middle of the desert, after all) from a few mishaps throughout the years!
1	One of the illegals they have working there broke my driver's seat (the upper back part) and when I brought it to the manager's attention they of course said they weren't liable. I don't know if the guy did it on purpose or not, but it definitely was not broken before I took the car to them, and to break it at that point in the seat I imagine you would have to put a lot of pressure on it.
4	The crew at this location is very good. They're quick, thorough and will address redos without out any hesitation. I usually go with the Ultimate Package during the gentlemen's day special for $15 bucks. This package is the best deal  (Wednesdays for the guys) with a full wash, super coat,  extra hand dry, interior/trunk vacuum, interior/exterior windows, full interior and tire dressing plus air freshener of choice.  I've only experienced top notch service here and I've been pleased with the job these guys do.
3	Quick n Clean is a good spot for a self wash in Central Phoenix. The facility is in good shape, and you can get a cheap wash for $5, which includes use of vacuums and cleaning area.The only negative I have experienced is the guy who tries to fix glass chips in windows, etc. I was asked if I wanted my windshield fixed, as it has a chip in the glass. Much how I don't want dental work at a pizza place, I don't need third-rate glass repair at a cheap car wash. I politely told the man (who had a pretty clear tweaker vibe) that I wasn't interested. Apparently the meth was still coursing through his veins, and he was having a hard time tracking. He asked me three more times, and I was trying to figure out what words to try and express my complete lack of interest in having him fix my windshield. Do I need to explain that I have really good auto insurance, and when I get motivated I will have the whole windshield replaced? Should I tell him the car is stolen, and it doesn't matter if the windshield has a little chip?In summary, this is a good place for a quick wash. Los Olivos is great, but sometimes I don't want to spend $20 for a car wash. When you need a quick wash, this place will do.
5	Great job! Quick (but not too/obnoxiously quick - they spent the proper amount of time working on my car), thorough and friendly. You would never know that my drunk friend puked on my passenger seat the night before (gross, I know, but a testament to a job well done). Thx Q n' C!!
1	Abridged:When you can't figure out how to use a car wash, there's some major issues. When your steering wheel is so greasy you have to go to the first convenience store to grab napkins to clean it before you can safely drive home, it's a no go.Unabridged:In looking for a new car wash, I found one that I definitely won't be going back to. Upon driving up, I couldn't even figure out how to get my car washed. I had to have an employee walk me through it. What??? This is ridiculous people. I know. I know. I design user interfaces for a living, and I am somewhat pickier than most, but it's still wrong.Having my car washed on the outside and the interior cleaned (no waxing, detailing or anything special) took over an hour. And I wasn't even really sure why. All I knew was there was no good place to sit and wait while watching at the same time. I was bored. And my car seemed to just sit there. But what finally put the icing on the cake?First, the air freshener was put in even though I told them I didn't want one. Secondly, I couldn't even drive my car home. The steering wheel was so greasy from whatever they used to clean it, that I had to pull over and wipe it off before I could safely continue driving home. It took a few days to get all of it off my steering wheel again. Needless to say, I won't be making that mistake again.
5	I really like this place for a quick and easy car wash. You can just drive up,use the machine. You can pay cash or credit.  You get a receipt and then proceed through the car wash, while you stay in the vehicle.  They give your tires a quick scrub and you are on your way. You just drive out when you are done. They do not dry the car on the quick washes but, to get the dust off it is excellent! Super reasonable @ $5.00 as well.
2	It is a good price 6$, that's if the guy presses the 6$ button and not the 9$ one..   Also, if he wasn't trying to sell me windshield repair the entire time maybe he would have been paying attention...  I think the 4 times I was asked to have my windshield repaired was a bit much. He even pointed to a "chip". I made him point it out again and he pointed to another random spot where there was no chip. Not the best car wash, but very quick and easy if you can handle trying to be sold on things you don't need.
3	It's the day before Thanksgiving and if I have to drive grandma to get stuffed, I better do it in a clean car. I drove up and spoke with Staten Island Tracy. I told her I wanted the $65 dollar special, she told me it would take until 6p, I dropped my car off at 1p.Got a call telling me my car was done at 4p. Stoked I go and pick up my car. The guys are cool, Staten Island Tracy is nice.  Bonus it was done early and I tipped her and Eric's crew fairly well; told them not to smoke in bed.However, I just spent $65+tip and my windows had streaks and smudges. My interior was clean a dust free, looked really good. Just disappointing they didn't wipe down my windows before I left.Maybe they were thinking of Football, Turkey, pumpkin pie and all the fixings. Next time I'm staying and watching the whole time.
4	My go-to car wash a few miles from home.  The actual wash does a decent job and I always go for the hand towel dry after going through the wash.  About every other wash I go for the complete interior job as well.  They work pretty quickly, so you only have to sit outside for 10 or so minutes.When the window guy is there, he's pretty easy to say "no thanks" to, not overly pushy.Go with the new car scent.
5	You can't complain about this place. First off, the price is right.  There are a few prices packages to choose from.  You get in line, pay with cash or credit. Then proceed to the washer tunnel.It is a good car wash for a great price. RIght in the middle of Phoenix proper.You have to love it!
5	My car looks better than it did the day I bought it!
4	Cool place to get your car wash.Great price and friendly service.What more do you want?Go.
4	A little confusing though because I paid for an exterior wash only but I paid for the $8 one vs. the $5 one but then you move into the same lane as everyone having their interiors cleaned and the workers are confused and you're confused. The employees are nice though. Maybe next time I will just pay the $5 and be on my way
4	I use their 5 dollar wash and do the vaccuming myself.  It is very quick and convenient.
4	Wow!  Way more than a $6 car wash!After a long hiatus from the proper care of my SUV plus a trip to the high country ( and 1,000 dead bugs to prove it) - my car desperately needed a wash.  Too busy to go for the works at Danny's or the like, I swung by this little drive through place to get the quick once over.  I didn't expect it to be perfect, or much better than ok.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The attendant at the start of the car wash rinsed, scrubbed, and sprayed the bugs off my windshield, grill, and back of my side view mirrors.   And the $6 includes towel dry and tire dressing,In a hurry?  Feeling cheap?  Need your car to sparkle?  This place gets top marks from this Yelper!
3	I have no carport in my driveway, so in the hot summer months I park my car under a large tree in front of my house, which results in my car being bird shit assaulted on a regular basis. Alas, time to hose Francis down. The car wash upseller dude is always creepy and hypercritical (yes, I realize I have a gnarly scratch on the left side of my car and I've made peace with it), so I always opt for the quick and cheap drive thru. Easy payment options, sometimes there is a hilarious younger guy at the payment station who looks like he's been blazed since 7am and always tells me how hungover he is.  I get the $5 quick wash, and roll on through the drive thru where I get to chill out, jam out to music or catch up on scrolling and judging those on my Facebook feed. My car emerges squeaky clean and I can actually see out of my front windshield! Thumbs up!
5	Excellent service and customer care. Should be paying for for the quality work done on your car. Love this little place
1	Never again. It was neither quick or clean. It took 45 minutes for a $14 middle of the road car wash. I had to talk to the manager there and ask them when they would start working on my car since people that came after me already left. And after it was "done" I had to point out dirt that they forgot to vacuum. Came home and wiped most of the interior myself. And I am not OCD. Can't be any worse.
5	Quick n Clean is how it has always worked for me. I mainly use this location for a quick exterior clean. It is close to home and only cost $5.00. I never had to wait long nor had to worry about dealing with any issues.As soon as you drive in there is a booth for you to talk to a service person if you would like to upgrade with any special detailing or wash. For those who don't need any special services all you have to do is drive right in. There are many stations that have trash cans and vacuums for you to do it yourself prior to entering the wash. The user friendly automated attendant allows you to select the wash you want. Then you proceed to drive through the wash. There is a tenant located there who will wipe down your car prior to you entering the wash. The sudsy soapy brushes and rags move against your car as you cruse on in on neutral. Once your done you can drive right on out. There is a light air dry at the end of the wash or you can pull right over for a quick wipe down from the tenants on staff.
4	This place is a convenient alternative to a full service wash if you choose the $5-$6 wash, which is all I have ever done.  Why spend $18 on a full service wash down the road at Danny's?
2	Where do I start. The lady at the front end is not very friendly. The whole car wash machine is so old (the employees told me) it breaks very often. So often that it broke right when I was in the middle of the drive-thru car wash machine. Waited 15-20min before the thing started rolling again. It never really did, I had to actually drive thru it with out having the whole soap and other chemicals applied to my tires, etc. I had to wait outside next to my car to be finished cause no one ever told me what to do or where to wait for my car. This was my second attempt to use this place, the first one the person at the from was so rude that I didn't even tried the service. No surprise here but the only ones doing their job were the people drying and finishing my car. They never stopped moving. StarWash is sooooo much better in all areas, even on prices.I would not return to this place.
5	I totally recommend this car wash if your looking for a quick and clean experience!!! Everyone here is alway very friendly and they don't waste any time. BEST CAR WASH EVER!!
5	Great customer service and awesome hand car wash. I'd definitely recommend to any car owners!!
1	A couple years ago I had taken my 2003 Ford E-250 van that I was washing before putting it up for sale. I took it through the wash and when they were done wiping it down, the glass repair guy who was affiliated with this car wash told me I had a crack in my windshield. I drove this van every day and knew there was no crack, but I thought there might be a possibility that it may have happened that day and I just did not notice this dime sized crack right in front of my face.So the kid from Romania told me he could give me a great deal at $80. I told him no that i was selling it and I was not going to spend a penny more on it. He did not want to lose money so he brought it down to $60, then $40, then $35. I repeated that i would not spend money on it. He gave me an offer of $25 so I accepted and told him that i would use him in the future if I have any windshield repair work.While he was repairing my windshield he realized I was a locksmith and asked me if  I would make him a key to his mid-90's Honda Civic. I remembered it very well with super dark tint, primered and appeared it would was being prepped for painting. When he finished he asked me for my name/number/ADDRESS for the invoice. I found that odd since I was paying cash. He assured me it was standard policy and I would not receive spam calls or mail.A week later after I purchased my new Chevy Express van, I was in the front of my house and noticed this same kid driving his Honda Civic by my house that appeared to be looking for an address. He came to a stop 1 house past mine and looked at me and then took off abruptly.The next day I was on my way to a job and noticed a crack in the windshield on a van with less that 200 miles on it. Immediately I suspected this kid from Romania who also works with a bunch of family members that own the company. He must have done it at night under the cover of darkness.I called the 16 st location and revealed my suspicions who in turn told me to call the owner at another location. When I spoke with the owner he thought it was the most absurd thing he had ever heard. He conveniently disconnected from the call and when I called back it went to voicemail.I had a large credit on my prepaid card so I was going to use it and had gone back for another wash and spoke with the manager. I told her my story and she assured me she knew this family and that she trusted them and that they would never do such a thing. I had no proof so I could only argue my case to a certain extent without sounding crazy.The next time I had gone back the Romanian kid was there and I was cleaning the mess out of the cab so it could be vacuumed. I was throwing everything valuable in a  plastic bag to sort out later and had a trash can to throw the junk away, so I know this kid never examined my windshield.. I WOULD HAVE SEEN HIM DOING SO..The kid walks up from behind the back of the van and told me that I had a crack in my windshield. I just glared at him for about 5 seconds without saying anything and told him not to worry about it. There are two things that made this kid guilty. 1) like I mentioned before I would have seen him examining the windshield if he did. So the ONLY  way for him to know if there was a crack is if he did it himself. 2) If he had examined my windshield he would have noticed that it had ALREADY BEEN REPAIRED. That's how I know for sure he did it, but still I had no proof.I had let my van go a couple months without washing it and the next time I came in I asked a random worker what happened to the Romanian (windshield  repair) family. The worker told me they were being watched due to other customers who were suspicious and that he was caught with a spring loaded punch cracking a windshield. So the owner let them go....After all that you would think they would apologize and give me some credits to make up for it, but they did not.The last straw for me was when the Ultimate car wash did not appear to give a wax coat along with the appearance of the machine and worker not doing a thorough job of cleaning. When I asked if I could take it through again the kid gave me a hard time.  After taking it through a second time I noticed bird dropping that were still there so I just took it upon myself to finish the job myself.I'm glad I only have a few dollars left on my prepaid card. Since I have no reason to go back, I will be finding a new car wash from now on.
