4	First to Review? I have no idea how. Everytime I have been to this place there is a 30 minute wait & one hell of a line.It's inside a gas station and they have great $5 lunch specials.All their sides are really good. The sauce is sweet and the ribs are nicely smoked and meaty.They participated in the 1st annual BBQ Battle and gave out full meal portions.Good stuff.
4	My friend had been telling me that I had to try "gas station bbq" for months so I finally decided to give it a try.   Damn, I was scared to walk into this place and order lunch.  As I walk up a homeless black dude asked if he could wash my windows for money.  Grrrrreaaaat!!  I was the sole white girl and wasn't sure I'd make it out alive.  Alas, I ordered, paid at the gas station counter and waited for my grub.  The ribs were effing amazing.  Fall off the bone yumminess.  Candied yams were super yum.  Baked beans were...interesting...but not bad.  The brisket was eh and kinda tough.  There are several more things I'd like to try on the menu though and will be back again (with protection lol).  All in all, a good deal for the price.  $5.99 lunch special gets you your choice of meat, one side and 2 slices of bread or a piece of cornbread.
4	This place has some good ribs and fried chicken. The brisket was a bit tough but there was a nice bit of flavor in the meat and sauce. The ribs were the definate star of the menu. The flavor of the Ribs plays off the sauce very well. There was a nice pull but also a good giving point. The chicken was good as well but nothing special, just fried right. the potato side were very tasty too. I would drive all the way there again just for the ribs and to restock my Tom's Hot Fries supply. As far as the environment, I had no problem with it. Does this mean that I am the type of person that causes concern in others? I swear I'm cuddly, just give me a chance.
4	Lip smackin', booty crackin', gas station stoppin' fun.  That sums up this place.Pit Boss is a great stop on MLK when you're in the mood for some southern fare made by Asians.  Yes--Asians.  I admit that sounds strange, but they can fry up some chicken, catfish and round up ribs like the southern belle next door.  I hate to sound racist, but when you see a couple dozen southerners ordering here on a regular basis, especially on Sunday after church in their neon bright dresses and overlaced hats, you know the food is gonna be good.I like the fried chicken.  It's salty, crispy, and juicy.  With a side of smothered potatoes (it's semi-mashed potatoes with onions mixed in) and some potato salad, it's a nice meal.  The ribs are tangy and have just enough bite to them, which makes for some good eats.  As for the corn bread, it's not my thing.  I'm not sure if it's supposed to be kind of flaky and dry, but I like mine moist.  With a menu ranging from Chinese fried rice to fried catfish, this place has everything you need.  Thirsty?  Grab a drink at the gas station side.  Need some Tom's Hot Fries? They have that, too.  I like this place, and despite the location, it's not scary like others have mentioned.  Then again, I'm a shade of brown.  Maybe that helps my situation.
4	I came here after I got an anonymous tip from a fellow Yelper who told me to try out the brisket and ribs.  Since I never turn down unsolicited advice from strangers (I would make a good rape victim), I decided to try it out.  And I'm so glad I did.  I had the 2 meat combo with brisket and ribs and a side of fries (they're not on the menu, but they said they could make it for me) for about $15...it came out to $18 when I threw on a drink and they charged 50 cents for credit/debit.  But no matter...the brisket was delicious, just the right amount of fat and yum.  I found the ribs a little stringy, probably because they were sitting there for a while.  I would definitely recommend coming here for the lunch special (M-F 10am-2pm) and getting the brisket/side/cornbread for $5.99...that seems like a great deal.The food is comparable to H&H Hick's BBQ Pit Stop in quality, except I guess this place is a little classier...it's located inside of a gas station (come for the gas, stay for the BBQ).
2	Something was fishy when we walked in. I didn't see the nice little Korean lady behind the cash register. I didn't see the posters of food all along the back wall.  Certain signs were missing, like the MENU of Pit Boss BBQ. We walk up and ask for the brisket... "We don't serve brisket here" was the answer. Is this some sick April fools joke? This twilight zone nightmare starts to become a reality and starts to sink in... The menu says Q's B.B.Q. TOO BAD SOOOO SAD :(Got the b.b.q. chicken. Dry and barely any B.B.Q. sauce on it. The beans and corn bread was good. I didn't come here for beans and corn bread...Under new management. Not the same. Very dissapointed.  Where did these Koreans go yo!?!  :(  :(   :(   FAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This place has been CLOSED for some time now.
1	They shut down about 6 months ago
