5	If you are looking for the old school style barbershop where people know you, it is a community and you are not a number, this is the place.1,  Parking - No issue, small strip mall at the end of Eastern in Henderson.2.  Ambiance - Inside, it is a mix of old world traditional charm. Nice heavy wood furniture throughout the entire place, big, comfy barber chairs and simply charming, simple and nice. 3.  Price - Just like all other places.  They have deals for kids during the summer. 4.  Stylists - Here is the key. Everyone is friendly, casual, professional and seem to be dedicated to the clients. It is a community and it is a place where you want to come back. They are all very, very nice.5.  How - Most of time, you have to make appointment. I kinda like the let's just go to fantastic sams, great clip and get it done type of thinking, and when I do, I get that type of haircut.  So, I simply get organized, plan out appointments for the kids and get them done on the dates that we make appointments.  Hard to do and very easy to do too!Give them a call, you will NOT be dissappointed.
5	Moved to the Las Vegas/Henderson area in May of this year.  Had a hard time finding someone to cut my hair the way I wanted it.  I called Laura at Anthem Hills and she took me right away, as well as my partner.  We were both very pleased with our hair cuts/styling (this is the first hair cut that I have had in quite a while that actually looks good)  but we really liked Laura and were made to feel very comfortable.  I am so glad that I called.  The only thing is that their signage does not pay them justice.  They are definitely more than just a barber.  Laura is a great stylist and runs a full beauty salon for women there.  Prices were exceptional also.  I would definitely recommend Laura and we will always go there for our hair care needs.  Great place and great skills by stylist/beautician.  Also great personality.  Laura has it all going fof her.  Give her a call.
5	I have been in Henderson since Last May.  Moved from MN.  My partner and I have had quite a hard time trying to find someone who really knew what they were doing with our hair.  Well, we found it in Anthem Hills barber Shop.  It is way more than a barber shop!  Nice atmosphere, friendly,   Nice comfortable chairs.  We go to Laura.  She is a real gem.  Really knows how to cut and style hair.  I haven't had such a good style in years.  I thought they were really going to get me at the cash register, but that was not the case.  Good prices, (not $10.00 like the quick cut places) but not bad at all.  Love, Love Love this place and Love Laura.  Hope you will give her a try.  Also, I noticed some of the barbers cutting kids hair and they are so great with kids.  Great cuts too.  Do give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.Nora, a loyal customer.
