3	I love the 90+ minute deep-tissue and myofascial release therapy massages here!  I tried chiropractic therapy years ago; my favorite component of my visits then were the massages.  Before I visited this facility, I asked if I could just get massages there, and while my question seemed out of the ordinary, I was able to get a positive confirmation!There's a private room where you'll find the massage table, the therapist's chair, a couple of racks to hang your clothes on, a fan, and cd player with a few music styles to choose from.  Noise from outside the room can get loud (and thus distracting) depending on office traffic- I wish they'd soundproof the walls (more than) a bit.BTW, my insurance company turned down my claims for reimbursal for services rendered here...
5	Met Dr. Chad Stewart after a fall.  While he didn't UHC at the time, there was a very reasonable pay plan that worked well within my budget.  Massage chairs, TENS unit, roller table, 15 min massage and adjustment are all included in the visit price.  The only thing that would make it better if I could have a full hour massage!
4	Dr. Chad Stewart attempted to come to my rescue! I walked into his office with a severe migraine just prior to closing time to find out what they do for headache management. I have never been to a chiropractor before and migraines are fairly new for me. So far I have not responded to migraine medication and I am looking for other options. Dr. Stewart could tell I was in a lot of pain. He took me next door to the Urgent Care and recommended I get a Toradol shot. Unfortunately, there was a problem with my insurance, so they attempted to look it up and find out what the co-pay would be. They couldn't get that information at the time, but they took a copy of my card and set me up with an appointment for the next day. When I went in the next day, the office was very busy. They were only open from 9:00 - 12:00. Everyone was very friendly, but I could tell that I was being squeezed in.  First I was put on a table for electromagnetic muscle relaxation. Then, they took a full history. Next, I had a nice massage that focused on my neck and shoulders. While I was waiting for the next step I sat in a massaging chair. Then Dr. Stewart did a neuro exam with me and took x-rays. Next a PA from Urgent Care came over to assess my situation, prescribe some new medications for migraines, and get me that Toradol shot.  I had to wait quite awhile for the shot.  After the shot, it wasn't clear if I was done next door with the chiropractor because we never reviewed my x-rays. Dr. Stewart said I was good to go and we would review the x-rays on Monday. The whole experience took about 3 hours. Normally, I wouldn't have that much time to spend, but I took off work. I really like that the Chiropractic office, PT, and Urgent Care are all connected. My only complaint is that it was not very private and really loud/had bright, irritating lighting for a migraine sufferer. Migraine has not completing gone away yet, but I do feel better tonight... I hope this will be a solution for me, but I do worry about what the cost will be if my insurance doesn't pick it up!
1	Was in a car accident and referred to this place by my lawyer. Went in to get the paperwork, was 15+ pages and asked the same questions multiple times. I called and left a voice mail to try and get help but no return call.My arm is now throbbing in pain from having attempted to get through just filling out the paperwork and I have cancelled my appointment.I wanted to make sure I wasn't exaggerating so I went back and counted, its actually 19 pages... ridiculous
