5	If Grey Goose were a religious prophet, this would be it's Mecca. Perfect martinis and just an amazing happy hour spot. Underground bar with cool decor and they even have great music acts go through here despite it's smaller size (I'm still pissed I missed Mike Doughty here years ago). Oh yeah, and their appetizer menu is a foodie's dream come true.
4	A nice place.  Actually, a little too nice for my tastes.  I like my bars just a bit rowdy.  I often feel I'm being too loud at Montmarte.  However, they do get some great bands in here.  And the drinks are always well-crafted.
5	Great bar.  Maybe my favorite.  Try not to live over it.
4	Great dark and sultry little lounge, one of the hippest, coolest and most urbane in a town full of college bars and blue collar taverns.  They also have pretty good food and a more secluded room called the Sidecar.
4	Its nice, great drinks, good food...although the music can be a little too loud on some nights.  Cute and nice wait staff and they look great in their underwear....say "hi" to John and Mark and enjoy!
5	Cafe Montmartre rocks my world!!  I love love love French food, and this place definitely hits the spot!!  One of my girlfriends and I just had dinner there last week...we split the antipasto (too much for one person!) and the crostinis with olive tapenade and chevre (yum!).  In addition to fantastic food, we had a great water who spoiled us all night (we ended up staying for four hours and almost two bottles of wine!!)  Everything is moderately priced and can be a meal, or just appetizers, depending on your mood.  Don't forget to check it out on Monday nights for half-price wine and live jazz music....my girlfriends and I are making it a weekly thing this semester!! 5 big gold stars!!
4	one of the best places to hear live music. their bartenders are great, knowledgeable and friendly. i love the atmosphere. and i love the food. admittedly, i feel embarrassed when i have to cross in front of the stage during a show to get to the bathrooms (poor placement?), but it definitely dumps the too-trendy vibe and is a great place to feel totally at ease.
5	This review is based soley on the fact that they hosted one of Madison's semi-annual Underwear Parties here my senior year and it was one of the most fun, most unusual, weirdest nights of my life.  Their bartenders were kept busy all night so getting drinks was a bit of a process, but at least while I waited I had the good fortune of watching a bunch of cute gay men make drinks in their boxer briefs.  Really, not a "bum" deal..... ;)
4	The combination of live jazz, tasty plates, and wine bar atmosphere makes Cafe Montmartre a hip place to hang out in downtown Madison.  It's advertised as a wine bar/jazz cafe, but, unfortunately, it only really succeeds in the jazz part.  In my opinion, a wine bar should have much more selection than six reds, six whites, and a handful of sparkling and port wines.  To its credit, it does offer a decent bottle of each of the most popular varietals, so there's something for everyone.  And the half-price bottles on Monday night almost make up for its small selection.  On my Monday visit, we had three bottles of red between five people and munched on the complimentary bread and olive oil.  The 14 hands Cabernet was my favorite of the bunch.  My hope is that they change their wine line-up frequently.As for the jazz, the group that played on the night I was there was fantastic.  Unfortunately, the music makes it impossible to hear anyone, so go early if you want to enjoy your wine with conversation.
4	Nice spot, try to check it on half price wine night (forget what night that is, sorry.)  Has good live music, good djs and pretty good drink prices.  A good place to see and be seen...
5	Tasty baked brie, small but decent wine list. Monday night half-price wine is a good deal. Excellent appetizers overall.
3	Great place to join tables, have friends drink gray goose martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives, listen to music and just hang out.Great appetizers, but I wouldn't exactly do dinner here (come on, Harvest and L'etoile are just around the corner!!!!)Overall, cool place.
4	I will join in the masses singing my praises of Cafe Montmartre. THey have a great double date atmosphere. Their honey, brie, almond, and bread appetizer is the absolute best to share for even a dinner, and my beau and I gobbled it all down. We saw Holly Golightly play a decent set here and greet and sign autographs with the audience afterwards. What a nice, decently small venue to be able to do that! Even though we were in the room not with the stage in it, we could see and hear her just fine. There are just a few reasons why this restaurant bar is not 5 stars:- They need to offer individual drink bottles of Linderman's Framboise and not just like a huge bottle of it to share, because really - what straight guy is going to agree to split that with you?- It's silly they don't sell tickets at the venue itself until an hour before the concert.
2	Not impressed. If you get a look when it's not packed -- really quite a homely place; the menus looked like they've been soaked down and poorly dried. Our waitress couldn't have made it clearer that she resented our presence, although she was obviously not busy. The food was purely mediocre, masquerading as gourmet. There's good reason this place felt abandoned  on a Saturday night. Perhaps it's better for a show -- but there are too many decent places to eat in this town to ever come back here for a bite.
5	This was one of the first places I came after I turned 21.  I loved it then, and my loyalty has never died.I love the dim lighting, the way it's decorated and the music they have playing.  They make the best cosmopolitans I've ever tasted.  Half-priced wine night (1/2 priced bottles of wine and free jazz) is fantastic.  You should try their "Chocolate Gooey" dessert with a glass of champagne; it's sinfully indulgent.My only problem is that I can't come here often enough because of bands I don't want to see with cover charges I don't want to pay.
3	Meh.The space is cool enough. The drinks are pretty good (however, not cheap --a.k.a. Cafe MoMoney)Service is not great. There are better, more friendly places to go in Madison.
3	i like cafe montmartre.before a couple nights ago, i had just been there for drinks and random music acts.  i'd always had a pleasant time -- the drinks are strong, well-made and the shows were usually worth the cover (most of the time 5$).  sometimes if you come to converse, it can get a little loud.. . but if you're there for the music, it's nice.i went the other night for dinner and was pretty pleased with everything except the service.i got the cubano.  and while it was good (there were hardboiled eggs on it!  and delish mustard!), i had a huge case of food-envy when the table next to me ordered pizza.  i think next time i'm gonna try the pizza.  mine was good though and my boy's was good too (he got some other kind of sandwich).  they both came with these tortilla-strips that were crunchy and tasty.we didn't stay for the show because, unfortunately, the cover charge was 10$. .. and my max is 5. the food didn't blow me away, but i was satisfied.the music is usually good and worth the money.(some nights there is excellent dancing!)the waitress was actually pretty horrible .. but ::shrugs::solid three stars.
1	I have been there 3 times in the last couple of years, and each time I regret it due to my low noise tolerance.  Although many people have said this is a good place for music, the acoustics in the cafe is horrendous and the service is extremely slow.Each time I went, I ordered food. The food is good, but it takes, on average, 30-60min for your food to arrive.  I suspect that the owner is very cheap that I only saw 1 (at the very most 2) waitresses on my 3 visits which include Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night in summer time (I'd say this is probably as busy as it gets).  This is probably why the food is super slow.The drinks are made poorly. It is a wine bar after all.However, if you like loud music and prefer to go out alone, this might be a good choice. But if you invited friends and want to have any sort of conversation without your throat burning from yelling all night, avoid this place. I swear I will never set foot in here again.
4	No bands last night when I went, but there WAS Pub Trivia. While it was a fun diversion while eating/drinking, service was quite SLOOOOOW, especially with the bone-headed move to only have one bartender working. I should give them three stars, but the bartender recommended a ginger beer/vodka, which was quite refreshing. Entree of baked brie with roasted garlic, apple slices, kiwi, lettuce, was messy but good, and the nutrella crepe was yummy, too. Just PLEASE get more staff for trivia nights, eh? (Guess I'm jonesing to be in Vancouver, as I seem to be using 'eh?' a lot more than usual....)Update: Forgot to mention that they have the wonderful French Cahors red wine, which is hard to find in restaurants.
4	At a very young age, this bar taught me a critical lesson.Hot chicks love wine.Despite my hesitation at first, I was drug here by a friend who claimed this bar to be the best girl to guy ratio in town on a Monday night. He was right.Over the course me trying to get over a broken heart, I learned a deep appreation for wine and the social culture around it. Half price bottles on Monday is not to be missed.Haiku !Beautiful wine barGreat live bands drowned in MerlotPlease pass the Malbec.Talent Level ? Hawt Damn.
4	Cafe Montmartre is my favorite "change of pace" gathering spot.  It's all fine and good to meet up weekly at the local watering hole for a few drinks but every so often you need to class it up a bit.  The Momo is the perfect solution.  I'm not what you'd call a connoisseur when it comes to wine but I'm not afraid to learn.  Over the last few years I've gone from a complete neophyte to being able to order a bottle of wine at a restaurant without resorting to random selection, and this is mostly due to nights at Cafe Montmartre with a group of friends trying different styles.  Not that it's just a wine bar - there's a halfway decent tap selection usually including Lake Louie and Ale Asylum, and they've got Macallan 12 year amongst other single malts.  A word to the wise - pick one and stay with it.  The last time I hit the beer-wine-whisky trifecta I did not enjoy the next day.Aside from the drinking selection, I love Cafe Montmartre because of the music.  I've been to quite a few different shows here, from Ben Sidran to the Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash.  It's a very intimate venue that allows you to be within feet of the stage while still sitting at the bar.  The flipside to intimacy is that it can be crowded and sitting at the tables along the wall doesn't always allow a view of the stage.  However, the covers are generally cheap and the sound levels are pretty good.  The only downsides are that the crowd can get a bit too talky during shows and the shows themselves tend to start late, making for a long night for those gainfully employed and/or too damn old for bartime, i.e. me on both counts.Several times we've dug into the menu, and my personal favorites are the goat cheese nachos and the baked brie.  I've never gone just for dinner, more for shared appetizers.  The pizza is quite good too.  I've never tried the sandwiches but last time I did get the aged gouda, which was delicious once we thought to take off the wax - it's a bit dim in this place.  The main knock on Cafe Montmartre is the service, and this is completely spot-on.  Usually I just go to the bar to get a drink, which is an imperfect solution because the bartenders can be a bit standoffish.  Still, the service as a whole isn't a deal-breaker and generally comes across as inexperience.  It seems to be a bit better if you sit outside on the sidewalk, but that can get a bit smoky for some.  The place is on the high side in terms of price but I've never felt ripped off.  If the cashflow is tight I wouldn't suggest it, but for a step up in quality there isn't much better than Cafe Montmartre.
4	I'm told the night I patronized the Momo, it was uncharacteristically slow considering it was a Monday. Be that as it may, I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is great and the wine list extensive.I'll definitely be back, and may even make it my Monday night routine.
2	It seems to me like the quality of this place is rapidly declining.  The service has always been slow, and now it has slowed down to the point where you actually are forgotten.  The last time I went, my friend and I were told they didn't have a drink list.  I ordered a martini from the old drink list, and it was nothing like the previous 30 French Martinis I've had @ Momo.  The quality of the food has also taken a serious hit.  First, the chocolate gooey dessert somehow became an overcooked brownie with Hershey's syrup on top.  The pizza used to be delightful - just the right size to share with a friend, with a lovely homemadey crust.  Now you get something that appears to have been on sale in the freezer department at the local grocery store.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but this place is too dark.  I get a headache from squinting at my friends while I'm there.  I appreciate mood lighting, but Momo is so dark I wonder if maybe they don't pay their electricity bills.  The wine list is pretty good, and it can be fun to see bands there, but those alone aren't enough to keep me coming back like I used to.
5	Cafe Momo has a great atmophere, and the food is delicious.  Gourmet pizzas, baked brie, goat cheese nachos (!!), great soup, delicious desserts--all without pretense.  It's not the place to go if you want something filling, though.
2	I only go here occasionally in the summer on Mondays for half-priced bottle wine night when I can sit outside. It's a great experience.  The reasons why I avoid Cafe Momo the rest of the year is that I'm allergic to paying $10 covers for bands I've never heard of and it's too loud to have a decent conversation.
5	Half-priced wine night Mondays?  I'm totally there.  You literally get to take half of the price off each bottle (no glasses) and there's usually a live band (usually a decent jazz band) with no cover!  What's more, the crowd on Mondays is mostly full of unusually attractive 20-somethings.  Their pizza is also very well made.  5 stars!
4	It is indeed sad that this is a post-mortem review.  The best nights spent here were for the trivia night that they hosted called "Cafe Montmartre is Smarter Than You."  I know that all of the 100+ people that attended regularly are saddened.
5	So sad you are now gone but happy I was in town to see you off, you were always so good to me...and by "good" I mean naughty at the same time...If only they could have taken away a douchebaggery of an establishment like Madison's instead we would still be able to enjoy your great live music and fabulous happy hours in the midst of the summer heat...
