4	I like Kmart, prices are still reasonable like WalMart, they have everything with good names (like Craftsman) and basically a good variety of everyday needs. I'm shopping on a late Sunday evening and there are NO crowds and good sale prices. Alma at Kmarts service desk is an asset to the company and makes the connection with her customers, she won us over
4	I went to this store yesterday to purchase swimming attire and sun blocker.  This store was decently busy and it was real nice to see especially with KMART closing stores left and right.  As of late, I have been taking advantage of their lay-away program.  So far this year I bought me a 32 inch TV, summer clothes for my son, Amazon Kindle Fire and digital camera.  I love lay-away !Their shopper rewards program which I initially thought was whack I come to find out I have over $17 on my card that I can use anytime I want.Yeah, I am a fan of Kmart !
5	Alma is definitely an asset to this K-Mart Store.  We purchased a 10' patio umbrella.  After determining that the only one in stock was the floor model, Alma readily gave us a 10% discount and personally supervised the disassembly of the umbrella.  Before the transaction was completed, she realized that the cashier had scanned the wrong UPC code which was a higher price.  Through some creative transactions she worked out a refund.  She was cheerful and definitely works hard to please the customer.  She is a gem!
4	So I'll be honest it has been a while since I shopped at Kmart. I felt they were getting too dirty and the quality of their products were really cheap. However, I was convinced to go back in the other day and found I had been missing out. I am not sure if the change started when Sears took them over or what.The store was clean and things were put away, the prices were great and the sales were awesome. I also love the fact that I can place my order online and they will have it ready for me to pick up when I get there. This helps with time savings as well as getting your hands on a sale item if you can't make it till the evening. Case in point, last Thursday they had their Queen Raised Air Mattresses on sale for 29.99 (Normally 69.99) I am going camping and need 3. I ordered them first thing in the morning online. When I got there they had mine all ready for me but there were no more on the shelf.On top of that while I was there they had a Kenmore, energy star, dishwasher on clearance for 144.00 I needed a new dishwasher and snatched that up faster then kids eat Ice Cream.Another one of my favorite things Kmart has implemented is their rewards program and emailed receipts. This helps in a major way for tax time and I don't see why other stores are not implementing it. All in all I have been spending more time shopping at Kmart when I need things lately.
5	Kmart is taking 40% off all clearance apparel. I bought shorts for $3.30 and t=shirts for $2.99. I also bought an umbrella for my patio set for $55, it was a $189 original price. Everyone at that store was very helpful.
1	KMart is a complete ripoff!!! Don't shop there!!!  They overcharge you for stuff and then give you complete crap when you try to get a refund.
3	This location closing.  Going out of business sale going on now (9/2013).  if the parking lot was this packed all the time they would not be closing.  I don't hate Wmart, I just hate being left with nothing but Wmart.
5	I always found great deals here even before the store closing sale. I came for household items and toiletries as well as a gallon of milk. The last hour the store was open, the manager reduced prices to 95% off! I found a gorgeous pair of earrings for $6 and a ring for $4! I will miss the employees, especially Alma! Hope to see familiar faces at other locations soon.
