4	Had dinner here pretty late tonight. The sky blue ceiling makes you think its day, so you take your time.Food was pretty good, and Vegas size servings.
4	le cafe lle saint louis should more appropriately called the diner in the paris. i suppose you can't blame vegas for trying to recreate a continental experience but i found it funny that the only difference between a diner menu and the menu in le cafe is a salad nicoise. that said, everything they offer is pretty satisfying. food and service was consistently good. the eggs with my breakfast were perfectly over easy, something that is easy to do but easier to screw up.
3	Meeeehhhhh...  Two coffees, one orange juice, might I add), a side order of toast, a side order of bacon, one chocolate croissant and a side order with 2 scrambled eggs.   How much, y'think?   Yeah, $36!!!   I don't f***ing think so.The orange juice was ok, but certainly was not fresh squeezed.  I'm thinking it's coming straight out of the minute maid bottle.   The coffee tasted very light though was very efficient, so my wife were actually thinking that they served caffeine water with black coloring.   In other words, it got us all jittery and wiry, but it didn't taste like coffee.  The eggs were cooked rather poorly, the bacon didn't look all that appetizing (didn't try it though), and the chocolate croissant, for it being "Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis", was really tragic.Now had all this been priced at the cost Denny's would have charged us, I'd probably give them 4.5 or 5 stars and wouldn't complain one bit.  Certainly the food I had did not outshine Denny's at all.   But $36 for this (ok ok... $30 + 20% tip, but still!!!)   No, some Parisian's seriously smoking crack on the Ile St Louis if he thinks that this is competitive pricing.I'll give 'em 3 stars because everything in Vegas has become overprice, but let's just say I'd more likely show a smile than shed a tear if I ever heard that this place went "Au Revoir!"
4	We had a quick dinner here before a show, and all the food was quite good.  The service was quick and attentive, and we left feeling like we hadn't overpayed for the first time in Vegas.
3	We were in line for the Paris Buffet for about 10 minutes, but guess what?  We weren't.  We got seated for this joint.I had a cobb salad.  Standard stuff.  The Bachelore had chicken fingers.  Eh.  My other bud had breakfast food.  He got served pancakes instead of the french toast he ordered.  Bonus.The waiter was a nice guy in a ho hum place.  Bottom line:  Walk all the way to the back of the hallway for the buffet line.
3	$4.50 for an orange juice?! Are you guys on CRACK!?Okay so I had your Paris Combination Breakfast. You guys didnt do TOO bad of a job, but I ordered scrambled eggs, not watery eggs. MEH! Your hash browns though were YUMMY! And that vanilla bean french toast was great, but two dinky pieces? 13.99 that I paid for that stuff  could have went to an all you can eat buffet. I mean I know they have more resources so they can offer more stuff, but you guys can specialize and should increase the QUALITY of your foods. kay?But it wasnt anything TOO much to complain about. I mean I liked you guys fine, but I won't be back unless the line for the buffet is INSANE in the membrane.
3	My first meal here was lunch with my brother and sister-in-law.  I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised.  SIL had a corned beef Reuben sandwich; verdict was good.  Brother had a Fruits de Mer sandwich - open faced sandwich with seafood, melted butter and melted cheese; excellent!  I had a Parisienne - smoky ham (not that watery junk they sell in the supermarket) with Swiss cheese on very crusty, chewy bread; very good.My next meal was breakfast.  I tried pancakes - probably not the best choice in a French themed restaurant.  They were average.
3	Checked out Le Cafe for breakfast one morning in Vegas. My brother tells me he can't go to Vegas without going to Le Cafe and having corned beef. Apparently a lot of people feel this way because there was actually a line to get in. I wonder if these people thought they were in line for the buffet? No buffet for me in the morning; my hungover ass wants my food brought TO me.The menu was pretty standard breakfast fare for a diner. I have the eggs Benedict and they were pretty tasty. My plate was garnished with a pretty purple orchid, which was a cute touch. When you order coffee, they give you the entire carafe, which I think is great! Then they don't do that half-cup refill that you get at other places with totally throws off your ratio of coffee-to-milk-to-sugar and messes you up all day. The hash browns were the best part of my meal. But please, oh, please tell me why my breakfast cost $26 for two eggs, two muffins, two slices of ham, some sauce, hash browns, and coffee? Diner food for $26? Only in Vegas.
3	It SHOULD be known as: An American Cafe located in Paris. Not only do they NOT have any french food on the menu, which is pretty lame, it's not even a cut above your standard Denny's or Lucky Penny. Medium marks for: attentive service and for being open at 3am. The setup's pretty cool, though: inside dining and 'outside' dining. Meaning you're eating under the pretty painted picture of the sky, but closer to the din of the casino.
3	After a night of drinking and gambling, before heading back up to the room, my friend and I decided to go up la rue from Le Bally's to Le Cafe.  It seemed to be the only place open at that hour, even though when we looked at le sky, it looked like it was 5 pm (he he he)... actually, it was closer to 4 am or so...So we got "outdoor" seating under the fake le sky.  I order a sandwich which was mediocre at best, but it was 4 am, and there really wasn't much other choice to fill my belly, so I really can't complain too much about it.Not sure how good it would be at other times of the day, but for late night, with nothing else nearby with food besides room service, it definitely hit the spot... just not in a tasty kind of way.
3	Standard American greasy spoon fare. The French name is misleading. I had a decent French onion soup (though a little heavy on the onions) and the Alley Salad (romaine lettuce, garbanzo beans, salami, chicken, cheese, cucumber). My friends had breakfast food - eggs benedict, pancakes, eggs and sausage. I tried a bite of pancake and it was a little dry. The prices are a little bit higher than the average diner joint, typical of the Vegas Strip, but not outrageous. Being a group of Asians, we were also offered an Asian menu that included items such as congee, udon, etc. I didn't try any of these dishes but it was interesting to see how accommodating Vegas has become towards its many, many Asian visitors.
2	There's usually a line outside of the Paris buffet and this place but I would definitely skip this place.Don't get me wrong, I used to love this place for brunch.  They used to have drink specials and you could get some decent food without going too Vegas on the price.  Now it's just... bad.The food is average at best.  The Western Omelette was exceptionally plain, with the bell peppers, onions and (overcooked) ham thrown in seemingly at random.  The hash browns seemed like they had been prepared for some time before actually reaching my plate.  The calamari was pretty micro and the other breakfast options weren't much better.  At upwards of $13 a plate, I should've received two of what I ordered given the quality and effort that went into making them.  Equally as bad was the service.  It took almost two hours to get our order taken, receive our food and then get the bill.  Not even the Keno lady was walking around with any sort of regularity so I wasn't sure what the staff here were trying to accomplish other than tempting us to dine and dash.  There are no longer any drink specials for us to drown our sorrows in, so we figured we might as well just go gamble and get 'em for free....
3	I was really hungry one night when I was in Vegas and Le Cafe was the only restaurant that was still serving food. I ordered a sandwich and buffalo wings. Honestly, the sandwich was not very good. The slice of bread on the bottom was soggy. The buffalo wings on the other hand was great. I don't know if it was because I was hungry but I swear the skin was crunchy and the sauce had just the right amount of kick to it.
4	I'll give this place kudos simply for the fact that it was open at 4:30 in the morning when my friends and I partook of some badly-needed sustenance.  We sat in the "outdoor" seating area which is next to the Paris Paris gaming area.  I had the grilled turkey sandwich which was big, filling, and good.  My friends had the steak and eggs and they said that it was the best that they had ever eaten at 4:30 a.m.  I'm not sure whether it was their stomachs or their heads that was doing the talking, but we left there full and happy and ready to enjoy more of the Vegas.
4	My brother, sister-in-law, and me ate here at this 24-hour cafe. I was craving for some breakfast food, and decided on a crepe with some sausages. It was delicious! Breakfast is SOOO good at 3am! hehehe
4	maybe because we were there at 5am? no line, fast service, good food. but can you mess up a tuna on crossant? yummmmy fries... loveeeeeed their fries... yyummm.
2	not good at all.it was about 3am on saturday night and i was dying for some food. literally, dying. i felt dizzy and just kind of out of it and needed to eat. ate here out of necessity and wished that i had starved instead!the bf got potato skins and i got a chicken quesadilla. that's right, in paris. the quesadilla was soggy and just not that good. my bf's potato skins were okay, but it took forever to get our food. basically, don't eat here. unless you're desperate like me.
4	We parked ourselves here at 5am after losing all our cash at the tables. Luckily, they accepted credit card. I also had the vanilla bean french toast with bacon and poached eggs. I don't remember it being especially delicious, but it had to have been pretty decent because I actually finished ALL of my meal, which is a feat in itself. All in all, this is a nice place to recover and chill out a bit. I really do enjoy the faux-outdoor setting. Of course the price wasn't all that great, but for a 24-hour eatery on the strip we can't complain.
2	Open 24 hours. Thats about the only reason to go here.When it's 2am and nothing else is open (WTF! Is this Vegas or what?).Food is mediocre, overpriced cafeteria food. French onion soup is good. Service was SLOW but friendly.
5	Amazing. perfect. I can't believe someone said this place had cafeteria food! The food is great and the ingredients are all really fresh and tasty, but perhaps it depends on what you order. My party of eight all had lunch... sandwiches, burgers, and salads. And everyone was super happy. The vibe is nice and clean, lighting is bright, and I super heart the gorgeous blue water glasses. Only negative point was the keno girl didn't come to my table and I think she should thus be fired for preventing me from becoming a millionaire.
1	Dined: 2008-07-06After watching Ka, my brother and I wanted a late night snack. Even though it was still painfully hot outside, I wanted soup.There was a bit of a wait to get in and it was not even busy inside. The wait staff all seemed to disappear at the same time, only to return when the food was ready. We watched as other tables got bread baskets and we did not. We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us. We had to wave him down just to get our waters refilled. We watched one elderly couple wait for their check and wait even longer to pay for the check. We watched another couple order and then wait for the food... and wait so more. We joked the next day that they were probably still sitting there waiting for their food.I ordered the clam chowder. It was a decent-sized bowl of soup, but really salty. My brother got the chicken strips - also salty, but at least they gave him 4 big strips. But really does quantity beat out quality? Nope... 1-star.
1	We were pretty excited to get a french breakfast on Saturday morning while we were staying at the Bellagio just in front of Paris... Alas, the surprise was not a good one...The wait was short, good point... but our waiter took 20 minutes to come ask what we wanted.Then we saw the eggs benedict at the table next to us.  We looked at each other at the same time: the english muffin were totally burned!  Shortly after the owner of the plate asked for more hollandaise sauce as there was barely any.Then came my espresso... well that's what I had ordered.  I got some instantaneous coffee instead.  I asked if the machine was broken and they said no.  I then asked to get it exchanged for a regular coffee.  It was as bad but at least I didn't have to pay the $5.50 for my double-espresso.Then much later came our greasy toast with fake butter and the rest of the order.If you go there for a french experience, just forget about it.  This place should be avoided at any price.As a nice alternative, go get your croissants and pains au chocolat next door at Lenotre which is a nice patisserie with nice coffee and pastries.Enjoy your trip in Vegas!P
1	Le-CRAP!This is really the only negative review I have for food establishments our whole 5 days in Vegas, so that is pretty good.We had lunch here today. I ordered French Onion Soup and a Caprese salad. The man had a French Dip with French fries. The soup was ok. Broth was a bit off tasting but we couldn't pin point why. The caprese salad was awful. So bad that we both agreed to not eat more and to send it back. It was served with both red and yellow tomatoes and only 3 slices of mozzerella. Kind of stingy for this kind of salad, but it was the tomatoes that killed the dish. They were not ripe and they were so cold they were hardly edible even if some of them would have been ripe. The sandwich was cafeteria fare at best, but what clinched this place as going on my shit list was the service. I have a long list of jobs I have held in my time. I will not go through the list here, but know that jobs that revolve around food and customer service are on said list. This being said, our waiter did not come back until we were blatantly waiting for the bill/some acknowledgement. When I told our waiter the salad was "not good because the tomatoes were not ripe", he told me "the salad does not come with cooked tomatoes". I told him he was not understanding what I was saying, that I was saying that the tomatoes were "NOT RIPE", he then told me "well, that is how this salad comes". I told him not to argue with the customer and to take the salad off of our bill. Needless to say, this was a first for me. I totally stiffed him on any kind of tip what-so-ever and a little part of me wished I could have skipped out on the whole bill all together.Do yourselves a favor....don't eat here!
3	very cute parisian cafe feel, prompt seating but slow service. the guides state that this place closes at midnight, but they just have a different menu at that time (they are 24 hours). since everything was closed (by 11a in vegas...wtf) and jj boulangerie was closing, we chose this place. the bleu cheese hamburger was surprisingly delicious but had way too much iceberg lettuce. the fries it came with were amazing. it just took a bit too long for it to get from the kitchen to our table. pepsi is served ;)
1	I was in town to play a Video Poker Tournament at Bally's.  After I checked in for registration, I only had about an hour before my time to play.  I was starving and couldn't wait to get some food in me.  Thinking we could probably get a quick bite at the cafe, we proceeded to the diamond desk.  We were seated promptly.  The place was busy but we got our drinks fairly quickly, the waiter got really busy delivering food to other tables.  He finally came by to take our orders and I had to tell him to put in a rush because we hadn't got much time.  He was nice to say 'no problem'.  My fiance ordered a Western Omelet (yeah, he loves omelet), and I ordered a Paris Combination which had 2 pancakes, ham (bone-in), and 2 eggs.  I didn't like my breakfast at all.  The pancakes were not fluffy, the bone-in ham were interesting (with fat and skin still on), and the eggs (over medium) were just eggs, you know.  All these for $40.  I think I get better food at Denny's for about 1/3 of the price!  Paris is supposed to be a 4-star hotel.  I am shocked at the restaurant quality at Paris.  (I also made the mistake of going to Le Villiage Buffet the next day.)  In fact the diamond lounge serves better food than the restaurants.  The only reason I didn't go to diamond lounge was because it was closed at the time.  Paris Hotel Casino is a nice place to visit, but for dinning, this is not the place to be.
3	We came here for a late breakfast one day.. I wasn't sure what I was in the mood for, but I ended up just getting some soup, a baked potato and a mimosa. Don't ask me why I got a baked potato, but it just sounded really good at the time. It's nothing spetactular, just butter and sour cream..mmm. The french onion soup was okay, a little on the salty side, but the cheese was good. The boyfriend ordered the steak and eggs breakfast. The steak had a really good charbroiled flavor to it. My mimosa was okay.The service wasn't anything to rave about.. she did her job.
3	For those who crave an all American well rounded breakfast, head on over to Le Cafe. It may be French, but the menu is all American. You've got your steak and eggs, your sausages, your pancakes, etc. There's usually a line but it goes by quick. The prices are great by Vegas standards. I had the eggs Benedict with potato hash and Hollandaise sauce on the side. The eggs were cooked perfectly.
3	I wouldn't say you can really get french food here.  It may be american food with a french twist, but that may be even stretching it.  That said, I've been here a couple of times.  I came here for dinner Saturday night.  I ordered the french onion soup.  For some reason, I was actually expecting it to be worse, but it was okay.  The piece of bread they put in my soup was huge and they had so much chesse on top, but the broth was pretty tasty.  The turkey wrap I order was lackluster though.  It didn't have much taste at all, but the fries were good.  This place might be okay for late night dining since I think they're open 24 hours, but I wouldn't come here for dinner again.
1	So.  We're at Paris.  Which is supposedly supposed to be all French-ish.My husband ordered the french toast.  I mean really....french toast at a French cafe?  Can't go wrong?  Oh yes you can.  It SUCKED.  My french toast that I make with crappy wheat bread beat this by miles.  And my eggs and bacon?  Meh.  I asked for over-medium, and there was raw egg white in there.  Bacon was floppy, which grosses me out.The only plus is that this was the only negative food experience on our whole trip in Vegas!
1	Horrible! Can't even describe this crap. Nothing was what I ordered
3	More like Denny's than anything else I can think of, which is not really a bad thing. In this vast wasteland of overpriced mediocre food, Le Cafe comes across as the most honest place to eat in the vast Paris hotel. Need some regular food? here it is.
2	Vegas, I think I'm done with you.  On my first visit, you were a bit obnoxious and fake for me.  However, upon further visits, you lured me in a bit.  Great deals on hotels, hundreds of dollars in blackjack winnings, and good food?  I was sold.  Last time you bared your teeth and took my blackjack money.  I started to see you for who you really are, not really wanting to continue the relationship.  This time was like visiting an ex.  I was in town, figured I'd introduce my friends to you even though I was mentally pretty much done with you.  This visit only clinched that for me.  I have zero love for Vegas anymore.  The strip is completely devoid of culture or anything I want to actually put money into.  The Paris hotel is a perfect example of that.Ugh.  I always check Yelp before going somewhere out of town.  Why didn't I do that this time?I was on a work trip to Vegas, staying out by the airport, and taking two first time Vegas-visiting employees down to the strip.  We were extremely tired and hungry, but on a budget.  Yes, we're on the company dime, and our company is on the frugal side.  Doesn't leave too many options for dinner on the strip.We went into this place which, as others have mentioned, is like a French Denny's.  The menu was pretty darn expensive, too, for being the "diner" version of the Paris restaurants.  I saw similar prices on the menu at Paris's more upscale "Mon Ami Gabi".We all opted for the $12.99 beef tenderloin with crab and asparagus topping, vegetables, and potatoes.  The crab topping was neither crab nor K-rab.  Not sure what it was, except for white and stringy.  The steak was kind of bland but at least edible.  I only had to spit one chewy piece into my napkin.  I think at $12.99, it was one of the cheapest things on the menu.We had to ask for the bread, which was nothing special.  I had to eat some butter to make the meal taste better, though.If you want cheap steak, go for the $10.99 steak and lobster in the basement at Binion's.  The atmosphere is similarly Denny's-like, and the food only slightly better, but at least you get some lobster and a salad.As for me, I think I'm done with Vegas.  Blech blech blech.
2	For vegas I expect, FUN & GOOD FOOD however this place is just...MEhWe used to stay at Paris all the time and so on our way to our rooms we stopped to grab some food.  The place is like a 24hour joint comparable to Norms or Dennys however dennys has better food I think.  Plus the people couldnt get the concept of rare or well done...so annoying.  Plus they didn't come out with my bff & my dessert forever.  Another EW part of this place is their bread basket.  The bread is NOT good thats how you know everyting else won't be good either...Poo-ey I don't know why we've been back so many times!!
1	Not a fan. They made us wait for a table even though there were plenty of empty ones (though I realized later that maybe it was because of the waiters:table ratio). I wasn't hungry, so I decided on the half sandwich (Le Parisien) with chicken soup. The soup was good, nice and salty, but the sandwich tasted like an even poorer man's poorboy sandwich. No veggies, just a whole bunch of spiced ham (like salami?) and cheese. The roll that it came on tasted kinda bland too. I think what made it worse was that I am just not a huge fan of salami. I didn't know that's what "French Ham" was. Service wasn't particularly friendly either. I wouldn't say it was horrible in that she wasn't attentive, just the attitude/vibe I got from her was icy. My friend really likes the French Dip sandwich here though. I tried some of the french fries that came with her meal and I do have to say there were pretty good. But I don't think I'll be coming back here.
1	I travelled to Las Vegas from Phoenix as a birthday get together for my Mom. We arrived at the Paris, checked in and went to the Le Cafe ile St. Louis restaurant. We waited 20 minutes for a seat (no big deal) and were seated at a table in the corner by the loud and smelly casino. This is when it got bad...We waited over 40 minutes for our server to show up. We finally mentioned something to the manager and after that we had Alex show up at our table with a huge chip on his shoulder. We ordered and then sat there for another 50 minutes. We again mentioned our concern and at this time Alex brought us our food with a huff. Never did he refill our glasses, ask if everything was OK - nothing. We had to flag him down each time and the final straw was the fit he threw over us asking for 'to go' boxes. On leaving - I sought out the manager for the 3rd time and let him know what a horrible server Alex was and about the attitude we received from him. He told me that Alex was their "Employee of the Month"!! If that is what they consider noteworthy - I will never dine there again. Food is overpriced and nothing spectacular. Service is horrible!!
3	I'm solely rating this place based on breakfast.  Ile St. Louis Cafe is a traditional coffee shop where the menu has a some french flair. After a night of dancing and drinking we actually tried to get in this place at 3am but it didn't happen because the wait was long and the waiter ratio was low so we skipped and decided to come here the following morning.The wait didn't take long, approx 5 minutes.  I ordered the eggs benedict he ordered some breakfast combo which consisted of eggs, bacon, and I believe french toast?  My meal was good but I couldn't finish it. My meal consisted of two eggs benedict and hash browns.  Portions are slightly smaller than what I'm used to up here in San Jose but it was good.  Hash browns could use a little more crunch but it was still tasty.  Overall I would give this place 3.5 stars.Service was good but towards the end they kind of lagged and took forever to get the check.  It was a busy Sunday morning I guess.  Not bad and open for 24 hours.
1	Dont waste your money coming here! We arrived late at the hotel and wanted a quick bite to eat right after getting freshened up. Many of us ordered the prime rib, which literally tasted like someone dumped the rib inside a bucket of hot water and served it to us- it had no taste!!! My bf ordered a cheeseburger w/ fries and it was all dried up- gross! The service was slow and sucked. There was a line outside and the place was practically empty.I am thankful that all the food we ordered got comped and no extra money came out of our pockets for such nasty food!
3	I would go back. One of the current (2/09) special items (after 5pm) is fillet mignon medallions. Very tasty and worth the $12.95. Better if you're using your comps! The grilled chicken sandwich comes with two good-sized breasts on the bun. Bring a zip-lock bag and take the second one home for a snack later on. Save some of the table bread, and make it a late-night meal back in your room! (Yes, I am rather cheap!)
2	Cute, cute, cute, but host and table service was slow, slow, slow. They clearly did not have enough staff on duty. We waited for 4 million years to get a table once we hit the top of the line. Tables were empty, but weren't being bussed. Patrons were on their feet hunting down servers in order to pay. It was ridiculous. Only thing that saves this place is its great location facing the casino floor in the Paris and that its food is quite decent. Had the chicken salad sandwich and I was pretty impressed with it as well as the French Onion soup. Twas good, but painfully slow. I hate when I have to work hard when I am dinning out and strategically give myself enough time to flag someone down for a water refill, so I am not dying of thirst 10 minutes later...lame.
3	It helps to know the right people.  And my friend who lives in Vegas is "right people."  Her Harrah's Diamond player's card allowed us to bypass a long line of hungry tourists and get a better table.  If I had to stand in line at Le Cafe, I would have been very unhappy.We were seated at a big round table on the "patio."  By "patio," of course, I mean "the area of the casino floor designated for dining at Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis."  It makes me laugh every time.  They even call it "al fresco" dining on their website.  The cafe facade and the dining room do indeed remind you of old Paris, but the "patio" reminds you of that time you forgot to hit soft 17 against the dealer's 8.  That's always a no-no, by the way.Anyway, I was craving meat, so I ordered a 20 oz. prime rib, medium rare, and a side salad.  The prime rib was around $25, and the side salad - another $3.99.  The steak came with a baked potato, but the waiter was happy to replace the baked potato with some mashed potatoes.  I got some vegetables on the plate, too.  My friend ordered their "early bird" special - filet Mignon medallions with pommes frites for only $12.99.  If I hadn't been so hungry and if I had actually liked filet, I would have totally ordered that.  What a deal.Our entrees arrived 15 minutes later.  Her filet was indeed rare and drenched in sauce.  My prime rib was huge!  I know what a 20 oz prime rib looks like, and that was no 20 oz. steak.  The quality of the meat was definitely above average, but it was slightly overcooked.  It was a good steak, even though it was prepared medium.  I thought about sending it back, but decided against making a scene.  I was having a good time, and the steak was darn good.  The mashed potatoes and the vegetables were pretty dull and lacked flavor, seasoning and salt.When we were done with our meal, it took us another 15 minutes to flag down our waiter.  He seemed to have gone on a break, and the other waiters had absolutely no interest in helping us.  In fact, they chose to do the easiest thing and just ignore us altogether.Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis is a cute enough place, and I can even see paying a premium for the location and the faux ambiance.  However, do not expect a 5-star service or a 5-star meal.  Hmm, bad service and overcooked meat--maybe it IS authentic after all . . . :-)
3	Very cute. We went here for breakfast at 7am. before we had to fly out, so I can't really rate this based on their busy time. Our waiter was really nice and polite. The bread was real good. Breakfast was yummy too. The eggs and hashbrowns were made well. My husband got the steak and eggs meal. They made it nice and juicy. Although, this place is really expensive for breakfast. For the price, you think you'd get "knock your socks off" type of food. Orange juice was $4.00, AND our waiter didn't even come back to see if my husband wanted more. Which leads me to believe that there's no free refills on that. I guess you can say it's okay if you don't mind spending that much on your breakfast. In Vegas though, you could probably find better for a cheaper price.
2	We were lucky to snag a table before the lunch rush came in just a little after noon last Saturday.  Le Parisien - Baguette, Ham, Cheese, and mustard.  Simple, no?  No.  The baguette's texture was hard and too thick for its own sake.  Paris, France (as in the city-comma-country that I visited last Summer) on the other hand, had a tough texture too and I could chew it and not be afraid of damaging my teeth.  As for the flavors, Le Cafe Ile St Louis was definitely Americanized since it was loaded with meat.  Good value for my meal, but for about the same price in Euro, the smaller ham and cheese baguette sandwiches I got in Paris, France (from several gas stations no less!) had less meat and more flavors in it that burst out allowing me to taste all the ingredients combined in all its glorious simplicity as if I were to eat it for the first time.  Value schmalue.  Good taste always trumps price in my book.  Like Pepe Le Pew feens for the white paint striped lady cat, I'm feenin' for a real ham and cheese baguette sammich.Le French fries were thin, crispy and oh so tasty.  Don't even get me started on le service.  They weren't attentive but seemed glad to serve us.  My water was filled but once.  Our server went missing and it took maybe 5 minutes longer than usual to get our food.  She forgot my French Chicken Noodle Soup.  She even wrote it down!!!  At least le service is French-like.
3	It's ok....the concept is good and maybe we should've walked a little further down the boulevard to find other restaurants...but we were hungry!!! There was a line outside and we were seated in the patio - which was in the casino floor under the fake outdoor lighting. We were seated at 1055 and received the breakfast menu, but thankfully lunch was served at 11, so we had both! I ordered the french onion soup which was decent but a bit greasy. I also had half a Parisien sandwich and ceasar salad. I wished the sandwich was warm like a cocque monseiur, but instead it was cold. The ceasar salad was the best part of my meal. Service was ok. Our server never checked on us after taking our order.
2	My wife and I had breakfast here on a Monday morning before our flight home. We got seated immediately and had fast, happy service, and that's where the enjoyable portion of this review ends.The food was mediocre at best, and after having dined in Le Village Buffet next door I'm certain they share the same kitchen. This means you're paying more for your single serving breakfast that you would be paying the $15 for the buffet. I suppose if you really wanted to avoid the lines at the buffet and didn't mind shelling out for each glass of juice you wanted this would be alright. We'd dined at the buffet on Saturday morning and felt the lines (that really weren't that bad) would be worth waiting on rather than pay a premium for the same food.
4	I give this place 4 stars for the sole reason that they have the BEST corn beef hash that I've ever had. It was actually one of the things I was looking forward to on my return trip to Vegas. I've never had a bad meal here!!
4	So many negative reviews about this place, glad I enjoyed it.Yes my waitress was an idiot, but the food was good.  Bleu Cheese burger at midnight, forgot what the g/f had but she liked it.  Nice little place inside Paris to get your food needs taken care of.I like the Paris Hotel & Casino, and this place adds to it.  You get what you pay for......now if the craps tables in the casino would do the same...
1	Went for late night food, around midnight.  I got the french dip sandwich w/ french fries.  Not only was the bread stale, but the meat was a dryer version of the worst roast beef you've ever had.  In addition, the french fries actually came out cold and stale!  I tried flagging down my waitress to address the situation but it was impossible to flag her down.  Terrible service, terrible food, go to Denny's instead for your late night munchies fix.
4	Very delicious and consistent.  I've been here numerous times while wide awake, hungover, post-club, etc... and they have never failed me.  Their coffee is delicious and service is always great.  We've gone here with a lot of people and nobody is ever disappointed.  The eggs are cooked to perfection, sausage will melt in your mouth and everything is just really good.I ordered a egg white and vegetable omelette which was customized and it was $20!!  So if you want something off of the menu expect to pay.  The menu itself is not expensive though.  Great place to hit up after a night of alcohol!
3	Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis, hmm...And so the Vegetarian's came out that night. We were hungry. We were on a mission to find Veggie-friendly food. It was late. We were tired. We wanted, well, food! We ended up skimming the menu which had a good variety of food. Steak, Prime Rib, Breakfast options, Soups, Salads etc... The only thing that seemed veggie friendly was the Pasta. My friend asked if they had (off menu) a vegetarian sandwich of some sort. Low & behold, we were informed that they did. A veggie-sandwich which comprised of eggplant, mushrooms, bell peppers and more. Sided with either fries or a baked potato. Wow! Sounded tasty. When our dish came out, it looked fabulous. Yes, it was exactly how it was described to us but it was hard to control since all the actual vegetables were flying out of my breaded envelope. I couldn't control these suckers. I ended up forking the vegetables and swooshing my bread to the side. Had it swooped me off my feet with taste, I might've thought otherwise. I see the effort in making an off-the-menu veggie friendly dish, and I acknowledge that, but it just wasn't dish presentable. This place gets an "A" for effort, but a decent ''C" for veggie presentation. :)
2	The wait was a little longer then it needed to be since there were tons of opened tables.  The hostess asked the waitress on the way to our table if it was ok to sit us there and she was very bothered by it.  After that the service was TERRIABLE!  The food was alright, we had lunch the triple decker club and the ruben.  The potato salad was delicous!  prices were very reasonable in my opinion especially compared to the other casinos it came to 30 for both lunches and drinks.  The best part of this place is sitting on the "patio" where youa re in the casino so you feel like you're outdoors, especially if you enjoy the Paris.I know most people don't really take kids to Vegas, but we were just on a quick day trip so we did have my son and there is no kids meal just as an FYI they do however have high-chairs.Over all the place isn't a total loss but I think we'll try someplace else our next trip.
2	Food: Diner food. That pretty much sums it up. Border line edible, nothing good. There was actually a lengthy line to get in. I can confidently say that, like us, they were all first timers here. Ain't nobody coming back a second time. Drink: Watered down coffee. Grapefruit juice was fresh.Service: Diner service. Old lady who took the order without a pad and brought the food over after it was cooked. She was missing the cigarette in her mouth and we could have been on a movie set. Crowd: Old newbs. Young newbs. Family of newbs.
1	One would think you can't go wrong with a coffee shop, but...Service was horribleFrench toast was dry Coffee was $4 - for plain, black coffeeLatte was from an instant machine!  Hello...you are Parisian coffee shop without a real espresso machine!!
2	dying for food came here after already eating lunch at the burger joint....  i knew the second we sat down it was gonna be buffet quality food.  ordered a diet soda and the glass was FILTHY!  like dirty finger prints allll over. icky.  i ordered the half sandwich and salad it sounded good i got the chicken parisian.  i mean how could you go wrong with a baguette with rotisserie chicken bourquin cheese lettuce tomato and onion and a side caesar salad.  sandwich comes out no cheese and the chicken was like chicken salad rather than rotisserie... whatevs so i ask for the cheese and i was offered swiss or cheddar.  so fine no cheese and couldnt eat the sandwich cuz the chicken was gross.  ate almost the whole half salad and then noticed a BIG fly soaked in the dressing!  aside from all this my friend had ordered the bouillabaisse and out of the 3 clams that came with it all 3 were closed, NOT A GOOD SIGN!  we mentioned my sandwich to the waiter and showed him the clams and he said the clams are easy to pry open!  hahahaa anyways manager comes and managed to remove both plates from our bill.  what a nightmare.
5	I had breakfast here with a couple of friends on Tuesday and it was the best meal of my 3-day trip to Las Vegas.Eggs Benedict: 5/5Hash Browns: 4.5/5Service: 4/5Ambience: 4/5
1	an easy lunch of Eggs Benedict and a BLT took an hour?  WTF?first off - it took 15 minutes for someone to take our order.then it took another 20 minutes to get the food we were hungry.scratch that - at this point, we were ravenous.my friend wolfed her benedict - which looked seriously underwhelming from across the table... the only little flair was the dash of paprika over the holondaise blanket.the BLT was rather sad... the lettuce was limp - the tomatoes were mealy. at least they didn't mess up the sourdough & bacon.   i only ate half and wanted a box for the second half which again took forever to get... the cole-slaw was disgusting - i used to HATE cole slaw - but i've had good ones lately... so i dropped my guard... this slaw reminded me why i used to hate cole slaw.it took us 5 minutes to finish eating our meals. we were waiting another 10 minutes for anyone to ask how we were doing or even notice we were done & waiting... for the bill (and a box)the only thing prompt about the service was when the server was returning us our change after we paid the bill.  Yes - the service in the real Paris is slow - but at least the food and ambiance is great where ever you go (for the most part).
1	YUCK!  Don't come here for breakfast - the toast is dry, the hash is cold, the pancakes are flapjacks and the eggs taste like powder.  The strawberry waffles are ok...if you eat around the soggy parts.  Especially come here if you want to get charged, TWICE on your credit/atm card.The waiters are just as stupid.  Waiter #1 says you can have the dinner option before dinner time.  Waiter #2 comes back and says, no, no dinner option available.  You tell the waiter how you want your food and it comes back wrong.  You say you want a coke, they come back with a soda that is not a coke without disclosing.  Your meal is not just wrong, but super salty, tasteless and makes Zimmern's food look appealing.  YUM.
1	keep it simple.... 2 years ago it was great...  Now not so great.Ate there 2x last week, once because it was good before and the second time i was drunk and needed to eat asap.1st exp this trip,  food was a little cold coming out and the server didn't really care to help us split the tab, he figured with a party of 8 he would bank on the auto tip, even though most of us tip better than that. Got the french dip, tasted good, but the bread was hard.  Everything else was ok, except the wait time of almost 50 minutes for food.  I shook that off as party of 8 and was taking some time.Two days later, 3 am I am back and order the dip again, it's the only thing I have had there so i rolled with it. 1 hr and 20 minutes later still no food or refil.  I got the mgr and had a chat, I also had a togo order for my wife which I asked for when Im about to leave.  They bring a to-go order out in a bag and say it's my wifes omlet.  That omlet sits on the edge of the table till our food is brought out and he asked my friend why isn't she eating her omlet, at this point we were stunned, he had said it was the to-go and now he is saying it was the omlet for my friend.  The mgr came back out and got into this dude big time and said all the omlets would be free, a new one would be re-made to go and for my friend. 30 minutes goes by and the mgr walks up, she says and I quote."we suck, and the whole bill is on me"  I said thanks but we still need food....  I mentioned that at the build an omlet station at most buffett's they only take 3 minutes to make not 30+. Long story short, NOT EVEN IN A PINCH will I ever eat there again... NEVER...
3	I was with a couple of friends who were starving at 4am (lolz) and we thought of this place, open all night! :)It took us awhile to be seated even though it was 4 am, hmphhh. The menu looked promising, though expensive. I wasn't super hungry, so I just ordered the Clam Chowder, which was suprisingly delicious! Lots of clams and not too many potatoes (I HATE when there are too many potatoes) AND it wasn't too heavy. My friends also seemed to enjoy their food. It did take awhile, but I guess that makes sense at 4am.The waiters were nice enough, but I feel like it was difficult and took forever to get our check. We were all really sleepy, as it was very late at night and we had eaten until our bellies were full, so this was a great annoyance.Overall, the food is decent, expensive (but what isn't in Las Vegas?), but the service was a little shaky. I appreciate that this place is open late, but I think I'll be trying some other restaurants the next time I venture into Paris.
1	Overpriced bad food with terrible service.  Eww.We showed up at Paris and none of our rooms were available so we decided to pass the time with a late lunch at Le Cafe.  The silver lining of this story is that service is so slow we over-successfully managed to waste our time.When our party of 4 arrived, there was no line and the place looked deserted.  The hostess told us she'd check for a table and disappeared for several minutes before leading us through a 97% empty restaurant to a table on the opposite side.Our waiter was over-friendly in a creepy and definitely trip-grubbing way.The food was terrible.  I ordered a $13 cheesesteak sandwich which came out late, cold, dry, and tasteless, with a side of soggy fries.  Very disappointing.
1	The worst food I have EVER had in Vegas.  I can't believe the hotel keeps this restaurant in operation.  My boyfriend ordered breakfast food and I the tuna salad sandwich...what I consider very simple food.  Only thing that came to mind after getting our food was "HOW CAN YOU SCREW THIS UP"?  The over-easy eggs were like rubber and my tuna salad sandwich should've been called...mayo sandwich w/ and essence of tuna fish.  HORRIBLE and not cheap.  Also...the staff is very, VERY slow.  It took them 30 minutes to take our order.
1	This place really deserves no star. We ordered a seafood soup and a steak. The soup tasted like some instant crap, the seafood ingredients were nowhere near fresh. The steak was bland and tasteless. The steamed grenn beans were raw. No amount of A-1 sauce could've saved this joke they called a steak. The table next to us was also complaining about their food too. The service was non-exisisting. It took us 10 minutes to send the steak back. People, do not waste your money on this shitty place.
1	After waiting in line to eat here just as we arrived in Vegas, I was pissed that we didn't seek out a Denny's instead. BLAH food, BLAH service and it's kind of pricey as well. I know that everything in Vegas is expensive but -- $9 chicken fingers that come with nothing but ranch and 2 sticks of celery that tasted that they came from a frozen box from Costo, puh-lease!
3	I cam here the day after Christmas with my family. There was definitely a long line but because we had the diamond membership, the wait was only till our entire party was gathered. The service is pretty good here. It's not the best, and it's not 5 diamonds but considering for what it is, I will give 3 stars. The waiter did spill water on my sister simply because of negligence. The food is not the best. Infact it will most likely be very unsatisfying to most people because of the taste. Their food is bland, simple, and not very flavorful in general. However if you've been partying it up on the strip and need a place that is in your hotel, this is the place you can go to. The light tasteless food will help your tummy. As for recommendations, I'm not entirely sure what I would recommend. Firstly my group ordered a lot of Asian food, we do not recommend it. Another ordered your all American tuna sandwich and that's not too bad, so the safest is to stick to very American food here. Food that is simple and easy to make will be the safest. Secondly they are busy so you probably shouldn't expect it to come out steaming hot. It's rather unfortunate for a restaurant in a prime location with great decor to have such poor quality food. The servers however are amiable. That is what I give the extra star for.
1	We tried to eat here. I don't know why Paris thought it was a good idea to have this as the only place to get food in their nearly 3,000 room resort after midnight on New Years. On top of that, it looks like they didn't bother to fully staff it so a good number of the tables were unused and many that were being used stay uncleaned. We waited in line for about a hour, partially because they were letting all the Platinum and Diamond members in before everyone else. After a hour in line we were near the front when a group stormed out of the restaurant and told everyone in line to go elsewhere since they had waited 45 minutes for their food and were leaving since they had still not gotten it. This caused everyone in front of us to leave so we ended up at the front of the line, although we were still not seated since there were still Platinum and Diamond members waiting in the express line. After a second group left and told us the same thing (food taking forever to come), we too decided to leave. We waited a hour in line for nothing, although I guess it was better that we left since at least we were eating a few minutes later at another casino. Horrible planning on Paris' part.
1	Truly horrible. The food is exceedingly overpriced even by Vegas standards for subpar quality. My boyfriend and I ordered steak dinners that were worse than Denny's. At least Denny's doesn't charge you up the you-know-what. For two overdone steaks with supposedly "steamed" vegetables thar were in fact raw, we paid over 50 bucks. We might as well have gone to a quality steakhouse for a few more dollars. The service is below low. There was one poor guy working half the entire restaurant and it was only 10pm. The hostesses were flat out rude and we would NEVER go back again.  They need to get get their act together pronto.
1	If I could give half a star I would! I love the Paris hotel & casino and am super loyal to the Harrah's hotels but I could not believe how awful the food was here. The American food was OK... definitely edible, but the Asian food was crap. I understand that I shouldn't expect fantastic Asian food at a faux-French cafe but it is still Las Vegas and the way I see it, if you have it on your menu, NO MATTER WHAT, it should be edible. Am I wrong to think that it should be somewhat decent if you are going to charge people to eat it?When we called the manager over to show him the food, he wasn't really surprised, as if he already knew the food was bad. He comped us for half the bill - and said he was going to let the chef know... I'm pretty sure the chef knows and just does not really care. PARIS HOTEL!! Please!! Read these reviews and do something about it!!
3	We landed and were ready for dinner. The only reason we came here was because we stayed at Paris LV and it was convenient. The price is good but the service could have been a lot better. We ordered drinks and it took forever to get them. Also some friends ordered other drinks that they never received and thankfully were not charged for. Our waitress was nice but obviously overwhelmed with how busy it was in her section as we were never checked up on. I ordered a blue cheeseburger and it was delicious. There are better places to go while in Las Vegas. While this was not horrible it was far from great.
3	Service was so slow at 3 am. Not too many people were eating at that time. My friend and I went to eat at Le Cafe after our spouses passed out upstairs. LAME! Anyway, we ordered the jalapeno cheddar burger medium. It came medium well instead. I wasn't being too picky at the time considering we hadn't eaten in over 15 hours. From what I remember, the burger was delicious. So were the fries. I'd go back but probably only for some more drunk eats.
2	This was okay for breakfast until our last day when a mega-bitch hostess accused us of seating ourselves.  This is the attitude we received even though another server seated us after we'd spent 10 minutes waiting in line.  The hostess was the RUDEST person I've encountered in a long while.  Although the manager comped us our breakfast (hence the additional star), I'm still shocked at the hostess' behavior.  The manager said she was quitting, and I dont blame her if that's the type of employee she's had to put up with.  I dont think I'd go back.
2	only came here due to starvation after being on the road for 3 hour. also needed a decently nice and quick way (we were staying in Paris) to get some food in the system before the drinking in Vegas begins.the good:1. the first bite of my triple decker sandwich since i was starving. after a while it just tasted like any other club sandwich ive had. but i did think it was cool there was a sword toothpick to keep my sandwich together.2. the waiter was always cheerful.3. split checksthe average:the french fries. they would have been much better if they were hot.the bad:1. there was line outside even though the restaurant was half full. this is as optimistic as i will be.2. the service. had to flag down the waiter to order food. if you have us waiting out there im sure we'll be ready to order by the time we sit down. also took forever to get our food.3. must ask for bread if you are ordering sandwiches/burgers. for the record the bread is ok. would have been better if they were warm.4. the water tasted very "tappy"5. the waiter asked us to pay at the counter instead of him taking our checks.
3	Service wasn't horrible, but I admit a bit slow. Definitely caused wonderment for all the people waiting in line when the place was clearly half (or more than half) empty.  Came here for dinner the first night because it was convenient, as in out the room, straight down and across the elevators.  Service was extremely slow...I said we were ready to order to the man who brought us water, and he said we had to wait for our server, who showed up a while later. Also had to ask for bread as it didn't arrive and we were starving. It was biscuit (buttery, pretty good) and standard white. At one point, a roll from a basket ready to be delivered to another table fell off the tray and rolled past us...with much ado. It was still there when we left.I had the seared ahi tuna salad with roasted garlic, olives, tomatoes, potatoes and crispy cheesebread. No greens to a 'salad', but it was tasty. Friend ordered a steak which he finished. We actually ended up there at 1 am the morning of the day we left. Got a fruit plate which had raspberries, mini blueberries, sliced pineapple, thin watermelon, grapes, and halved strawberries. The teapot had a hole in it so the hot water poured on the table as it also filled our cups. The best thing about the plate was the banana nut bread.
3	Ridiculous! Came here for breakfast before hitting the strip. After pondering over the menu, I opted for the corned beef and hash with eggs. $12.99. A short time later, this bemoth of a plate comes out, completely covered with great quality corned beef and hash, with two overeasy eggs! Really, looked like something out of the Flinstones or something. And it was cooked perfectly and had great flavor. The downside here was the service: Friend asks for an Iced Americano. Out comes some iced coffee contraption with cream. Asked for water, had to ask 3 times. Service needs help, but food quality makes up for it.
1	I am giving them a follow up ONE star (0 stars if I could) - I sent my review and a print out of all the Yelp reviews to their corporate marketing via snail mail. I asked for a response, especially in response to my experience. Never got one. Your Customer Loyalty and F&B managers are doing a terrible job.
3	Man, I swear this place has gone in the dumps. They used to offer supurb breakfast there. It has been my staple for my annual work trips to Vegas. I told everyone they had the best pancakes you'll find. Ordered them this time and they were like cement. Went back the next day and had the Benedict. Everything tasted canned. A step down, and a generous three stars. Literally no different than your local Denny's...
1	Worst food I have ever had while in Vegas...Sushi was store bought...chinese food was frozen... bread and mashed potatoes were hard as rocks...and my seafood boubille was disgusting.only good place to eat at Paris Las Vegas is the eifell resteruant!
4	We've gone there a few times, and each time just for dessert. The place is so cute; you're feeling like you're truly in Paris (well, I've never been, but been to Europe many times, so i can relate). The best thing is the desert itself. Their flour less chocolate cake is OMG to die for!!!! I also tried their apple strudel in the past and it was excellent!The service is very good; the servers are all male, like it is in the old times European restaurants; and are very polite and knowledgeable about the menu items. Next time we're going back for dinner - I'd really like to taste their food. and the menu has a $16 fillet mignon!
1	Horrible service and food.  $14 continental breakfast with old eggs, soggy hash browns and mediocre French toast.  Way over priced.  Paris should be ashamed for even having this place in their casino.
1	Ah.. should have read yelp reviews before coming to this place. We didn't feel like waiting in line for the Village Buffet, so we just chose a place that had a pretty short line. I need to remember that there's a reason why restaurants have short lines!!!After waiting outside the restaurant for 20 minutes (should've just waited at the village buffet haha), we were seated and ordered the combination breakfast (pancakes, sausage, eggs, toast $14) and the build-your-own omelette. The food was just standard or maybe even below-average quality. After the meal, I was so disappointed that I had a meal here at Vegas. After all, I was only there for 3 nights, and a day. Shouldn't be wasting meals at places like this! sigh. The service was just ok. Waiters aren't exactly the friendliest and they take a bit of time to take your order and the such. Blah.
1	OMG. Over priced food... Please walk to Denny's and buy yourself the $6 grand slam instead of paying $16 for it here!Horrible food.... OK service... sticky tables... the list goes on. Anyways, don't waste your money here! Go down the hall and go to the buffet... same price, all you can eat!
5	super cute!   good desserts
3	I ate here a couple weeks ago and thought the food was pretty great, so I was surprised at all of the negative reviews it got. However, I remembered that I ate here:-At 4am-while absolutely starving-and maybe a bit intoxicated (just a little though, honestly)So, that might have hindered my perception. However, I'm going to go ahead and review this place anyway. I promise it's not too inaccurate as I ate here with two other friends who ordered the exact same thing I did and we all raved about it afterwards.Logistics/Price: It's open 24/7, which is its best advantage. It is also conveniently located about 40 feet from the hotel elevators leading up to the rooms, so if you're already staying in Paris, this is a good place to satisfy some late-night/early morning cravings. The prices during the day are kind of expensive for only average-tasting food, but its late night menu is not bad and sometimes they have certain $8 specials that could be worth it (check the menu right outside the restaurant to see). They also have a random Chinese menu as well filled with basic Americanized Chinese fare (chow mein, fried rice, orange chicken, etc) that ends at 3am but I wouldn't recommend that unless you're really desperate.Ambience: The cafe is an interesting one right in the Paris hotel. It is not in an actual building at all (no roofs or walls) but is instead in a patio-like area in the corner of the casino, seated in front of the hotel's backdrop of buildings made to look like the quaint establishments in Paris. It literally just looks like someone decided to section off a small corner of the casino and set up some tables and chairs. Despite this however, it doesn't actually look that bad, and is kind of an interesting set up - great for people-watching. Service: From the one time I've been here, I had great service, though  it was at 4am. We were seated immediately and our waitress was helpful, very nice and extremely prompt. We got our food within 15 minutes. Food: I ate here with 2 other guys and we all decided to order the French Dip - a roast beef sandwich on French baguettes served with Au Jus for about $8-12 (I can't recall the actual price at the moment, but am positive it was in that range). All three of us thought it was delicious. The roast beef was tender and flavorful and the Au Jus was steaming hot and served in a huge bowl - very generous amount. The bread was great, not too hard or chewy, and did not overpower the roast beef. I don't believe there was much else in the actual sandwich though - just roast beef and melted cheese, but from what I recall it was great as is. I actually didn't finish mine and took half of it to go, which I ate the next morning at 5pm and it was still very good (and unrefrigerated too).My friend also ordered a Creme Brulee for about $7 and I thought it was fantastic. It was just the right amount of sweetness and felt like it melted in my mouth. Once again though, please keep in mind this was at 4 in the morning while exhausted and starving.Verdict: A good place for very, very late-night meals - decent food at decent prices. However, only eat here IF you are either already at the hotel, are staying at the hotel, or are desperate for extremely late night food and are already close by. This is not a place to go out of your way to get to (even if out of your way means walking 600 feet up the strip). .
1	This is the worst dinning experience I have ever had in my life. Ever. If there was a way to give this place '0 Stars' I would but sadly there isn't so you'll have to read this little rant of mine. Here is the situation. It was late at night (1:00am) and this was one of the few places open in the casino so our group (4 20 somethings) decided to stop searching the Strip for a meal and park it at the next closest table. We arrived at this poor excuse for a restaurant and was greeted by quite possibly the worst hostess in the history of life. After I asked for a table for 4 she just looked back at me in such a blank manner I thought I should repeat myself. So I did. Then after the 2nd go around she sat us down to a table and threw the menus on the table. (lovely) After having about 25 mins to go over the menus, the 'garcon' arrived with such dissatisfaction of our party, her current working situation and/or her life (it was unclear at this point.) If the bad service wasn't enough the food was worse. I ordered French Onion Soup (pretty basic for a 'French' Restaurant) and it came back look warm, toast was burnt black, too much cheese and absolutely ZERO flavor. The Campbells French Onion Soup is better I think. ===================================================If you decide to go to Vegas and eat late night somewhere stay CLEAR of the Paris Casino. It is atrocious.
3	If you're looking for a reasonable breakfast that isn't a buffet - this restaurant will suffice.  The restaurant decor was nice, but the food wasn't very "French".  I ordered the pancake/eggs/sausage/hash browns/toast platter, and it was good.  Plates were on average about $15.  One con - there is a charge to share a plate - $5.99!  This is absolutely ridiculous!  Since I knew my order would be a lot for me to finish, I split it without asking for an extra plate.  The pancakes come on their own plate separate from the rest of the food, so it's easy to share without seeing that extra charge on the bill :)
3	I came here for lunch after seeing the line for the Village Buffet being horrendously long. I was hungry and my friend was hungry. We both ordered the Reuben and neither of us were disappointed at all. I got mine without cheese, he got it with. I absolutely inhaled mine because it had the perfect amount of salt and flavor. The potato salad I got with it was pretty tasty too!Where this place REALLY lacked was the service. We sat there for 15 minutes listening to the same waiter telling us, "Boys, you're next..." and then he'd trail off as he walked away. The busboy came over and basically threw our drinks at us. The prices were pretty outlandish, to be honest. An omelet was $11.99 and asking for egg-whites or the egg substitute was another $0.99 on top of that. Sure there were a mess of choices you could have, but you could only choose three before they charged you more. Even for Las Vegas, this was a little expensive. The one time the server was fast was when I told him I wanted the bill - he brought that back in no time. Sure, it was a Saturday, but for the love of all things holy, there should be more people serving if it's that much of an issue.
3	It's the charming little eatery that looks like Parisian apartment towers on the outside in the casino area towards the entrance going towards the buffet.  Gotta wait to be seated off to the side, we just sat and they made us go outside.  If you can, try to sit outside for the ambiance, cause the inside looks like a Denny's, and its harder to sit inside once you see what it looks like outside.Foods typical fare w/a some french goodies in there.  They used to serve a really great chicken noodle soup w/rotisserie chicken at the Paris, I got it for room service once, I'm assuming it's the same soup throughout the hotel, if it is, it's just typical soup now.Friends had the au jus dip sandwich which they said was good.  There were also some grave yard specials available too which was nice, better to eat them there than at some two star hotelservice was ok although my friend had to remind the waitress about three times for her milk for her tea
3	We waited on a Sunday morning (almost 11am) for seating. It actually took a long time for us to get seated for 5. By that time, it was pretty much the lunch menu (breakfast is served till 11am on Sundays). The service here was actually pretty awesome. The waiter was cool, the bus-boy was cool and even the keno lady Letty (who wore a Steelers jersey) was pretty nice. The food though was just ok. I expect a bigger breakfast menu when I open up the menu. Their lunch meny consisted of a lot of sandwiches. I like their Caprese sandwich. Their pancakes weren't IHOP standards and their coffee is pretty good (just don't drink too much when you're headed home on the I-15). That'll make for frequent bathroom stops from Vegas to L.A.!  =)
2	2.5 stars.Came here for late night dining after a long night out and about in Vegas.  Food was just "ok" nothing to be excited about.  In fact, for the price it was not good.  Someone said it best where its like the Denny's of late night dining on the Vegas Strip.Service was decent but the food was not.
3	I stay at Paris often when I go to Vegas and this is the only 24hr place to eat at the hotel. Most of my meals here have been a slight blur, early morning fair, 3 to 7 am ish. It's hit and miss here and the breakfasts are a notch above Denny's or similar. That being said we had an awesome late night munch there last week.A Turkey Ruben on perfectly toasted rye and everything worked, the kraut was fresh, the sauce spot on and the fries were perfect. My gal ordered a Cesar that was actually really good. The lettuce was crisp and fresh with lots of flavor and not thoroughly drenched in dressing.  Service was great too, as this place can have spotty service at times.
3	This little cafe is located inside the Paris casino, right next to the slot machines and table games.  It's the only place there open 24hours.  It is really a hit or miss.  In a previous trip here (a LONG time ago), I found the food to be amazingly delicious, but this time - not so much.  I ordered the Chef Special: Filet Mignon with a bunch of other stuff attached to it.  It was definitely NOT what I expected. As it turns out, they were filet mignon pieces, not a full on steak, and the vegetables were tasteless.  The customer service is okay.  Servers are nice enough, but there were times when I felt a bit rushed.  I HATE being rushed when it comes to my food.  That was a boo on them, but considering my aunt teased our waiter about his name, we'll just call it even.Overall, it really is a last resort.  When it's 11pm and you're hungry, your options are pretty limited...and when you don't want to travel far because of the cold weather outside (as was the case for me), you deal with what you have.  I would have given it 2 stars, but the time before that was a 4 star, so we're averaging it out. :\
4	If you get Dennis as your waiter, you're in for a treat!A group of four had lunch here and a great time!We liked the cheese appetizer, good selection and fresh!The French Dip was magnifique!
1	Expensive ($80 breakfast for 2 adults and 2 small children), pretty low quality (I ordered eggs over easy and they were over hard), small portions (3 egg omelette was 2 eggs at best, french toast came with one piece of bread cut in half) and very very slow service. Nice atmosphere in a neat place but otherwise abyssmal
5	Try the chicken and waffles! The waffles has bacon bits in it! Customer service was okay but the chicken and waffles are a must have.
2	This place has really gone downhill. Absolutely awful service and Disneyland prices make for a pretty mediocre experience. I had to make two follow up requests for lemons to cover up the chlorine taste in the water, and two requests for bread. They need to hire more staff and lower their prices at least 25%... but I know they won't and that people will still eat here.
1	Let me start with if I could give NO stars I would. This has to be the WORST!!! meal I have ever had in Vegas. The WORST service I have ever had in Vegas. First off If you like to order drinks you have to wait for your server not the person who brings you your water but your server. That will take about 20 minutes. Then even if your ready to order your server disappears. They were not that busy either. As a person who works in the industry this was awful. Anyways we finally order the beef dip sandwich. Suppose to be sirloin french dip. Well they must have taken all the left over fat meat and stuck it in my sandwich. My boyfriends was no better. I ended up eating only the potato salad because my sandwich was nothing but fat. while eating my boyfriend was hoping to receive a refill on his water. Well fat chance on that one. everyone just kept walking past him and paid no attention. So finally I stood up grabed the water jug from the server station a mere 2 feet away and filled his water for him. If your hungry and want to eat in the beautiful Paris casino wait in line for the buffet or eat at the burger place, because this place flat out sucks!
3	I like this place, although I have to say that at times the food has been a bit salty. The plates are massive. I usually get the club sandwich and I can never finish the whole thing. The cafe is open 24-7, so whenever I want a late nite meal or in a mood for a sandwich, this is my place to go.
2	I've been here several times. The 1st time was because I won a gift card for this place and had some pasta. I was with family and I remember my sister trying some of my pasta then spitting it out into a napkin. I don't remember it tasting that bad lol. It wasn't very exciting to talk about.The second time, I was getting off from work and just wanted some late night breakfast. The food isn't really bad but isn't good. It's just a boring place, and doesn't really want to make you talk about it.  The service is ok and they get the job done.
1	Pathetic.  That pretty much sums it up right there.  Sometimes, you can make an argument that the place at least tried to make decent food, but I don't think you can in this case.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprise if I'm putting in more effort to write this than it took for them to make my food - it was that bad.  After partying at XS, I ended up coming here with some of my friends since they were staying at Paris.  Given that it was 4:30 in the morning, we were a bit too tired to stray too far, so this was convenient enough since it was right by the elevator to their rooms.  We grabbed a table amongst a dozen or so other guests, and quickly put in our order (btw, amazing how many old people are awake and gambling at that hour...makes me wonder if they didn't sleep, or just woke up).As the food came out, we were just about starving.  Or at least, I was.  Since I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy, decided to order a bowl of clam chowder and the potato skins appetizer to share with the table.  When the waiter started to bring our food out, I could already tell something was amiss.  Everyone else's food looked fine, and the clam chowder looked like what I expected (mediocre), but the potato skins didn't look appetizing at all.  The cheese was scarce, the potatoes still looked raw, and there was barely any topping/meat at all.  It was edible, but so bland!  And once I ate a bite of the soup, that fact only became even more apparent.Now, whoever prepared those potatoes is probably not the one that made the clam chowder because blandness is not the issue.  Instead, it's SALT.  While most places will season to taste with salt, these guys must have a GIANT cube of salt in the pot, and add chowder to taste instead.  Seriously, you can't taste anything else, whether it be the chowder or the clams.  It was so bad, I really - I had a handful of sips and just had to stop.  They might as well call it hypertension chowder.My friends seemed to think their food was okay, but most drank more than I did so I don't really know if they actually liked it or not.  Good for this place being open 24 hours, but with so many other choices out there, you should do all that you can to go somewhere else regardless of the time.  Even if you're drunk off your ass and staying here, go upstairs and get room service...it'll taste better (since it can't be any worse) and you won't even have to leave your room.  Honestly, you're better off going to Denny's...A LOT better off.
4	Why all of the negative reviews?  I had a great experience with good service and tasty food. Cobb salad was good. Clam chowder was good. (I know, I need to eat healthier...but it's Vegas)  I enjoyed eating in the courtyard...right in the mix of the casino, but partitioned by fake shrubs. For Vegas, prices were reasonable.
3	After playing poker until 1:30am...my hubby & I went to look for a place where we can get some chow before going back to our room in Bally's.  We found this place in Paris and I ordered Steak & Eggs.... I can definitely say that anything and everything tastes great when you're tired, hungry & sleepy!If you're not too sleepy, then you'll get to notice all those young people that are so wasted and can barely walk or eat.... it woke me up from my sleepy mode...as if I'm watching reality TV while eating! LOL!!!!
3	The girls and I were STARVING and looking for some decent yet affordable eats nearby.  We settled on Le Cafe since it looked like a nice-ish sit-down place.  The outside is a little deceiving...because it's decorated to look like a cute little French cafe.  The inside is a bit more like a nicer Denny's or IHOP?Anyhoo...the burger I had was decent, and I got it with a yummy side of coleslaw.  The food was no-frills, but it the spot wonderfully.  My friend got their duck crepe, which was filled with tender duck breast and topped with a creamy sauce. Super tasty!Coffee was piping hot, which was nice, and the refills plentiful.  True to the IHOP-feel, it comes in a thermos for you to refill your own.  I needed lots and lots of caffeine for the day, so the thermos was actually quite appreciated.  :P
1	Service was slow, we asked for waters and never got them. My friend ordered a clam chowder in a bread bowl and didn't get the bread bowl. I asked for no mayo on my BLT. And got mayo. The re- fire took 15 min . It's a BLT. Why does it take this long??? AVOID!!!
3	Stopped in this place for an 8:30 AM Breakfast. We would've grabbed a quick pastry and coffee that day, but the 2 places that had this right next door had super long lines, so we opted for the sit down breakfast. It was a little expensive for 2 breakfasts and coffee. But I will say the side potatoes that came with the eggs were awesome!Overall, it was ok, just a little overpriced.
4	It's hit and miss with this place, we always stay at Paris since they comp our rooms, and the cafe is convenient.  The service is generally good, the lunch menu is much better than breakfast!  I absolutely loved their chicken soup, it was rich and thick, and creamy, delicious.  The must say the chicken salad sandwich is nothing special.  Also steer clear of the hashes, they were way too large, and not very good.Coffee and sodas, thumbs up!
3	I had lunch at this place during my stay at Bally's and it was pretty good. It's a little cafe on the way to the Paris casino, so it was easy to find. The service was okay. Our original waiter took a while to ask for our order and didn't refill our water, so we had to get someone else to do that (1 star off due to thirst).  I had clam chowder in a bread bowl that was wonderful. Plenty of clams, perfectly seasoned with the right amount of pepper, and a large sour dough bread bowl that was fresh.  The sandwiches that were ordered were not amazing, but they were okay.  A Caesar salad was ordered that may or may not have been the cause of some stomach discomfort for one of the members of our party, so I'm fine with dropping this down to 3 stars.  For really good clam chowder, I would recommend this place. I wouldn't recommend the salad though.
3	Found a French grammar mistake in the menu. No real French food. Food tasted good but the French bread wasn't great.
2	I suppose I should have taken the complete absence of a wait to be seated (at 8pm on a Saturday night no less) as a bad sign.  My girlfriend and I were attracted by the advertised special of filet mignon dinner (complete with soup/salad) for $17.The soup was a creamy chicken vegetable which reminded me of Thanksgiving, and it would have been pretty good had it not been luke-warm.  The filet mignon came with a hollandaise sauce, roasted potatoes and some steamed asparagus and green beans.  The filet had nice grill marks, which inspired some hope, but it was over-cooked, under-seasoned, and it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while.  The potatoes were pretty tasty, but the veggies were under-seasoned as well.We also ordered some mushroom crepes.  These were the best thing about the meal, but not by far, and I am not exactly a crepe expert.  They tasted similar to the soup to me.  Perhaps some cross-pollination going on?The proximity to our hotel elevators and a friendly (albeit somewhat inattentive) waiter helped redeem some value on the experience, but all-in-all, I think I could have executed the meal better in my own kitchen.Bottom line: There are lots of great restaurants in Vegas, so, unless you are trying to avoid long lines at the dinner rush, you may want to consider more options.
1	Don't let the nice outside decor fool you.  Avoid this place like the plague.  Empty tables were everywhere, and yet it took us a good ten minutes to get seated.  We were already antsy by now, but it took our waiter another fifteen minutes to come back and take our drinks, and another two minutes after that to take our order.  Does this sound bad enough yet?  Just wait, it gets worse.  I ordered the fried chicken and waffles, and my girlfriend had the chicken alfredo.  We ordered calamri as an appetizer to share.  The appetizer came out within ten minutes.  Keep in mind this is already about forty minutes elapsed since walking in.  There are alot of waitstaff, but they all seem to just be standing around not doing anything.  We waited for a good twenty minutes before trying to flag down our waiter.  When we finally did, we told her to cancel our remaining order, offering to pay for the calimari only because we had a flight to catch.  The waitress wouldn't let us cancel our order!  We were then forced to wait another ten minutes for our food to come out.  We didn't eat it, paid the bill, and just left.  PROTIP:  Don't come here.  I should have checked yelp.
3	A little pricey for the quality of the food.  I paid $20 for breakfast that consisted of 2 eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and coffee.  I can get that at IHOP or Denny's MUCH cheaper, but I mainly paid for convienence.  We were in a hurry to eat before going to the Hoover Dam.  I also had a BLT here and it was just Meh.  The Paris has MUCH better eating places to offer so I'd skip it personally.
3	Nice seating location with Casino view. Slow service even though it was fairly empty. I had a smoothie which was alright but nothing extraordinary for the Vegas premium price.
3	One afternoon we spent a few hour's walking around Paris.  This cafe is located right next to the casino.  It is so pretty with outdoor seating, just like a a real cafe on the streets of Paris.We sat down to order some lunch.  Oh look Keno.  I so enjoy playing Keno, my brother in law and I decided to play ten games, as we waited for our lunch. We started with a cheese platter with a fresh baguette, and fruit.  The fruit was very fresh especially the strawberries and blueberries.I ordered a salad and half sandwich for lunch.  My salad was crisp and good but my sandwich was cold chopped up chicken, in which I do not like so I did not touch.  My fault I should have asked if it was grilled chicken.  No biggie I filled up on salad. My sister and brother in law both ordered mushroom crepe's in which they said was very good.Neither one of us hit anything on Keno, bummer.  Lunch was OK,  it was as if we were dining at a diner.  Not to far in the shopping area there was a small cafe that we wished we would have ate at, they had fresh sandwiches, salads that looked incredible and cheese platters with some amazing looking desserts.Service was slow and not very friendly here.
3	I enjoyed our meal.  Waiter was nice enough to tell us the chef has changed the French Toast bread to a thinner bread which ruined the dish.  So I got the banana pancakes, wife had a chicken omelet.  Pancakes good, omelet was mediocre.I was sad the French Toast has been changed to a cheaper thinner bread that does not taste good (according to waiter).  The description on the menu sounded so good.  Glad our waiter was honest.
5	My husband ordered Rib-Eye Hash and I ordered Duck Con-Fit Hash and they both were really good!Our server Jose was really good, very attentive!I can't wait until we try other food there!
1	My food was flavorful.... that is about the nicest thing I can say about this establishment.  Once I was seated it was like I no longer existed, thank god I got there early and didn't have to wait in the line that gathered when I left.  The menu sucks and the staff is clueless... maybe it is just French Cusine but there was nothing normal to order for breakfast.  I chose the Stake and pouched Egg Sandwich (how to eat pouched eggs in a sandwich without a knife and fork is beyond me). It took at least 30 minutes and was cold when it arrived at my table.  The manager was called to the table next to me and seemed pretty occupied wtih them so I didn't bother expressing my displeasure..In total my bill was $30 for one person for breakfast.  Maybe if I was paying by the minute I could understand.  Don't waste your time at Le Cafe Ile! Heck the buffet is cheaper.
1	This place sucks ass.  Drunk at 5 am and even then the food sucks.  I think i could of had a better steak if I pop one in the microwave.
3	Wow we actually made it for breakfast, be aware like most places in Vegas, this one finishes breakfast at 11am. Food was yummy, but seriously... cool it on the bread!!! Half our table was covered in bread, I love bread but I needed more in my body to last throughout the day and not crash. The baked eggs were good, and so was the chocolate croissant. But next time I know, portions are large, and substitute instantly for veggies or something if you don't want a carb overload, because potato's come with everything.
1	The food was not very good. It is also quite expensive - $15 for an omelette and $14 for bacon and eggs. The cheese on my omelette was dried and hard instead of soft an melty.The menu that is posted outside does not match the menu the hostess gives you. Booooo.Do the waitstaff a favor and read the menu. If English is your native language, don't ask what's in the crepe when it's listed. Waiter was friendly when taking our order and then he disappeared.
3	My boss and I had breakfast there and the sweet crepe and the french toast were good.  Portions are huge.  My biggest complaint was that the crepe could have had a little more fruit in it and you really don't need to empty a can of whipped cream onto the crepe.  The banana and sauce made it plenty sweet....
3	On my last night of the staycation, we dined here. We were staying at Ballys, which is attached to Paris. Lately, Ballys cafe closes at 2 PM, making Le Cafe the cafe of Ballys and Paris. The wait to be seated was not the fastest, the selection was not the best, and the prices are high. But what else is new in the world of Strip cafes ?  Just like the Paris Hotel and Casino, I add a star for a well done job on the theme. In my case, the Paris theme helps create a disbelief from reality. The attention to the Paris theme, kind of made me feel like I was dining in a Paris cafe. If this was an ordinary looking cafe, then I'd be turned off by the wait to be seated and limited menu.   As far as table service, no problems. Oscar was a  professional and attentive waiter.   The steak special was decent. Just like the buffet in Paris, the potatoes are superb. I would of appreciated more potatoes than green beans with a fairer portion of steak.   An interesting observation is that the prices here are similar to the far less fancy cafes. Including the Flamingo Cafe. If you are up to getting a good cafe meal at a decent price, I recommend an off Strip casino such as the Orleans. If you want decent food at inflated prices in a well-done Paris themed cafe, I recommend Le Cafe.
2	This place was ridiculous! We came here on a Saturday for brunch and we waited an hour or so for lunch! Everything on the menu is pretty self explanatory I mean eggs, crepes, fruit plates how difficult can these things be right? Well, I guess it was difficult. It took a long time for our food to get to us and when our food did finally get to us it took a long time to get the check. Our waiter kept trying to make small talk with us to help with the waiting but he didn't do a good job because he made us even more upset that we were waiting for so long. The duck crepe was good but I definitely would not wait an hour for it!
2	Food was so-so. Service was so-so. Location was noisy, but then again it's the Paris Hotel in Vegas.Would I recommend it? If you can't get into another place, yes. Otherwise, it's nothing special, really.
1	: (
1	Place is horrible. Worst customer service ever. Hostess actually told me if I don't like my table I could leave. Wth!!!! I asked if there was another table and she told they were only reserved for platinum members. Really there was no one over there. They need to work on their customer service. My 1st time there and will never go back.
2	We were in Vegas for four days and we ate breakfast twice at Le Cafe in the Paris hotel.  We first dined here on a Friday morning.  The service was great and the food came out fast.  The food is like American breakfast with a French twist.  My sister-in-law had the french toast and it was very decadent.  I had the baked eggs in marinara sauce, something I had never eaten before, and I enjoyed it.  The thick cut bacon is delicious.However, we also dined here Saturday morning.  The service was horrible.  It took 20 minutes for the waitress to finally come around and take our order.  The table next to us left because they waited so long.  Once we got our food, it seemed like our waitress forgot about us.  We could not get drink refills and had to chase her down for the check.  The people two tables away who were seated before us were clearly upset and requested their check as soon as they saw the waitress at our table picking ours up for payment.The food was good Saturday morning also, however, it almost seemed like we were eating a different restaurant.  The potatoes were prepared differently even though we had ordered them the same as before.  Also, the english muffins looked like small pancakes rather than larger fluffy rounds of toast.  I was told later this was because the smaller ones were hand made.  Not sure why they change it up...??I must mention I had the fried eggs the second day and they were served over pork cakes.  Very delicious, but did not care for the potatoes.My overall opinion, I will not go back nor would I recommend it to a friend going to Vegas.
1	The other reviews here have it right. Food wait times are crazy long, 30-40 minutes for eggs, bacon, and potatoes. Prices are high but that's expected at a Las Vegas hotel, and this is the Paris Hotel. The food itself was tasty, but seeing as how the wait staff never once came by for refills, got my order wrong, and the 30-40 min wait- i have to give this 1 star and not recommend.
2	Ah, Le Paris. We came down to the strip on a Saturday for the first time in almost a year. It is a rarity that we find ourselves down there during the weekend nowadays due to the massive walking (or stopping) crowds on the boulevard, let alone the droves in people in our favorite restaurants. Since Mon Ami Gabi wasn't taking walk-in's (yes, we are that stupid to not make a dinner reservation in Vegas on a Saturday night), we walked around the shoppes and found this quaint little stop called Le Cafe. We were so hungry at this point that we hopped in line and waited for the deliciousness to begin...and waited...and waited. Once the waiter arrived he was very friendly and our glasses were never empty. Even when a table of drunken tourists (fully clothed in as leopard leotard by the way) came in, he still treated us very well and served everyone with a smile. However, let's get to the food.Rolls with butter lightly seasoned with chives and salt and pepper? Decent. Nothing wild (says my gluten-loving fiance). At least they were warm.Things that make my heart sing yet cringe at the sight: DUCK. Oh, dear arteries, hang in there with me while we get through this meal together. I was in a mood for something simple, something that people rarely ruin, aka rotisserie chicken. My fiance went straight for the duck a la orange. Why? BECAUSE DUCK IS AMAZING. A place that has foie gras listed on the side of their restaurant has to have good duck, right? Sure.Rotisserie Chicken: Meh. Just meh. It wasn't bad, but it was nothing spectacular. At first I thought it was my fault for ordering something so simple, but even Boston Market's rotisserie is more drool-worthy than what Le Cafe placed on their plates. The way they described it in the menu made it sound luscious, exotic mushrooms, pomme frites (OMG YUM), full half of chicken. Yes please. However, when it came to the table and I tore into the breast, all the savory herbs and juiciness one would expect from a rotisserie chicken (that essentially jut roasted in its own fat and juices)just weren't there. No sauce with the mushrooms and the pomme frites? I'd rather eat Wendy's Sea Salt french fries. That's right, I threw that out there.However, the duck. My fiance called it pretty fantastic. Then after a few more bites it became amazing. Then, there was the smile. Oh, that smile. It's the smile that let's me know I need to steal whatever he's eating as soon as possible before it is gone in a matter of seconds. I grabbed a few pieces and oooohhhhh, that fat. There was no greasy fat on the plate because they cooked it (somewhat)correctly. The skin? It was juicy, fatty and I knew why the meat was so tender because the fat poured into it while they cooked that wonderful piece of game. The sauce? Decent, but nothing to write home about. Thankfully, that duck didn't need an amazing sauce, but mostly because it is duck. Sauce isn't necessary when you cook it right. The polenta on the side will get one word. Blah. Yet, I think that duck may have made this dining experience worth it, or at least very close.However, there are plenty of other restaurants on the strip that, even though more commercial, offer a better dining experience than Le Cafe. That duck definitely had a lot of potential, but one plate cannot impress me enough to come back time and time again. However, give me a couple of their mimosas and the world could change in minutes.
3	I recently received a message from the manager at Le Cafe that was wonderful. I think it is important to listen to your customers, and apparently Le Cafe has done so! They are updating their recipes for the polenta, a new sauce with the duck and have also added some new flare to their chicken dish. I am adding a star for their efforts and for their concern, and I appreciate them taking their time and sending me a message to gain feedback and to let their customer know they actually LISTEN. I like it and will be back soon.P.S. Man that duck was scrumptious.
1	Do not eat here. The food is room service style, no joke. Food comes out on a plate with a metal cover over it (just like room service). I had the eggs any style. I chose scrambled. The eggs were good, potatoes were chunks, very hard, and the bacon wasn't cooked all the way. Don't get fooled by the line, its not a great restaurant.
1	Long wait in line, long wait for food. Food was bad, I'd rather have something in any food court. The French dip sucked. Roast beef tasted like it's been in the fridge for a long time, and bland. The au jus was bland, dipping the sandwich in it made the sandwich lose flavor. Seriously it's not one of the worst, but THE worst french dip I've ever had.   Waiter asked what bread my friend wanted for her omelet but the bread did not come.  Service was mediocre.  $100 for 4 entrees and 2 appetizers, normally it would be an ok Vegas price but the food was just ridiculously bad.  The $16 French dip tasted worse than what I can get at Arby's or Quizno's.
2	$40 not including tip....very expensive for coffee, fried calamari, flank steak and fries.
4	While stuck in Paris....not only did I find a great place for dinner, I found a great place to eat inside while feeling like I was outside for breakfast.  I was hesitant coming down for breakfast at close to 1:00 pm that my French-American breakfast would be so good here.  The portions were perfect, I had eggs, baby fingerling potatoes and thick sliced bacon.  Again, I should have trusted that if the theme is french and the menu says thick bacon, it's thick bacon.  Service was prompt, my mimosa was tasty with fresh squeezed orange juice, the coffee was rich and flavorful.  No complaints except the walk on the strip I had to take to make room for dinner.  I really loved those fingerling potatoes...
2	I've come here a bunch of times over my many visits to Vegas and it's usually a good place to go when you got no place else to go. I used to come here craving the buffalo chicken wings, but they revamped their menu and no longer serve them. Big bummer! It was awesome hangover food. Now, it's a little bit more pricey for the food but its not bad food. This time I had the french dip which was tasty and delicious and their spinach salad which was fresh and good too. I didn't care for their french onion soup last time, but maybe it was since I wasn't a fan. HIt or miss with the service here. Sometimes you get a good server... and sometimes you don't. It's Vegas. Take a gamble!
2	I'm hungry, if it was up to me we would have eaten at McDonalds or ask a person at a restaurant if they were going to eat the rest of their salad. We got here and you think Paris Casino would have good food. Well this place, the food wasn't bad at all. I actually liked it. That's where it ended. The service is poor. We had to wait in line for a place that wasn't even full. There were plenty of tables to sit people. We waited for our water and service.When the waitress came by her and the waiter started asking "so do you want to take them?""No you go ahead if you already started""No you take it, I'll just get the food for my other table""OK you take the next one. Hello! What would you like"How about that service folks!The food wasn't bad. The portions are right. Save a dollar and sign up for the Total Rewards program. You can use that money you saved for tip.
3	Didn't plan to eat here, just did due to proximity to where I was at the time.  I've eaten here several times previously, and did not have this on my dining list for my November 2011 trip to Las Vegas.Anyways, I had an escargot starter dish and bouef bourguignon entree.  Both were okay, nothing to write home about.  However, the escargot seemed over done.  I'm left thinking that they could / should serve better food for their restaurant price range.  I like it as a breakfast place; as a lunch or dinner place, it doesn't quite cut it given all the choices in Las Vegas.
4	The service was fast. The food was good. The price is a little high.
2	I'm no coffee expert, but my coffee fanatic friends were dissapointed in their cappuccinos. Apparently too much milk and not strong enough expresso.  Coffee was a big part of their drinking on this trip and this was their least favorite.  So I don't think we would be back here for coffee. I like to peruse menus and the prices also seemed pricy for certain things. But I figured, its Vegas and they rape you any way they can, but I would pick more exciting and inspiring places to make the rape more pleasurable.
1	We had an evening flight into Vegas on Christmas Eve.  Since we were staying in Paris and we were hungry for a quick meal,we decided to go to Le Cafe Ille Saint Louis. We didn't have a long wait since we have our Total Rewards Silver cards.  We were seated inside the restaurant facing the "outdoors" patio.  We waited and waited for a server to come and get our drink orders.  Hubby is particular about ordering.  He likes to sip his drink while he looks over the menu.  As usual, he asked for a couple of minutes to make up his mind when the drinks arrived.  The server gave him the nastiest look!  She stormed off and returned a few minutes later.  I ordered the onion soup and the Croque Monsieur.  Hubby ordered a Ceasar Salad with shrimp.  The soup came and it was quite good (the only reason this place gets a star!).  Luckily, I shared it with hubby, who had to wait ages before our entrees came.  My Croque Monsieur was soaked in butter.  I took a couple of bites and couldn't go on.  Hubby's salad was actually decent and he enjoyed it.  Overall, a horrible experience and one I don't plan to repeat.  The food at its best is mediocre.  The service unbelievably horrible.  The family next to us (and had been seated before us) were still waiting to order while we had already been served my soup.  Eventually, our server took their order but by the time we finished our dinner, their food still hadn't arrived.  Realizing that they were French and spoke very little English, hubby intervened on their behalf with the manager.  The last we saw of the manager, he was looking for someone who spoke French.  Hope they got their dinner!
4	I had a great experience here contrary to the other posters here.  We had two large entree salads and a side of truffle fries.  Not a very complicated ticket though.
2	Went in for breakfast the first morning we were at the Paris, and although there was a line to get a table, we were seated in respectable time.  That's about where the positives ended.I ordered the fruit platter and bacon strips with a coffee.  Waiter never brought half&half even though I requested 3 times, each time he walked by to be exact.  Finally I had to ask a bus-boy for it, whom brought it promptly.  The waiter had no idea what most of the items on the menu were.  My cousin asked about the beignets, he said he wasn't sure how they were. (no problem)  When it arrived, he brought out MUFFINS and when we questioned it, he said those were how they make beignets at this restaurant (apparently a French restaurant in a French themed hotel).  After pointing out (via photos on our phones) that these are not beignets, he brings out a new dish, this time donut holes.  Cold ones, to be exact, with the center of the pastries still a bit uncooked.  No beignets, not once.  Coffee was cold, my bacon was cold.  Just all in all, food wasn't the best.  Maybe it was our selections by sour chance, because other Yelpers seem to like the other menu selections.The icing on the donut hole came when we paid our bill with cash and the waiter questioned our tip to us.  Such lack of class, I would except better of a "sit down" "French" restaurant in a 4 star Vegas hotel, Center Strip.  Next time, use Yelp! and (if you drove your own car like we did) go eat off the strip, ESPECIALLY breakfast.  Or do a buffet.
1	After a night at le Cafe, I felt compelled to create a yelp account and reflect on the unbelievably poor service provided to us by the waitstaff. Being a patron of Paris Las Vegas and Ballys for over 20 years, I was shocked to see how rude and patronizing the workers here were.After being seated, we waited about 15 minutes until we were approached by a busboy who took our drink order. He assured us that our waitress would soon come and take our order, yet it took about 20 minutes more (a conservative estimate) for the waitress to show up. Meanwhile, our drinks were MIA, so I asked to see the manager. What a spit in the face it was when, 10 minutes later, a disgruntled gentleman (Mr. Manager) approached our table, and unapologetically told us to be more patient. When I told him that we were being neglected, he responded with "what do you want me to do about it?" then proceeded to walk away, mumbling insults under his breath. 40 minutes later our food came, tasty but nothing special. The management at this establishment need to understand that their customers are not cattle, nor are we fools. Shame on you Mr. Manager for treating us so rudely. I will never return here for a meal, and neither should you, unless your looking for a way to kill 2 hours while you're starving.
2	This place is completely underwhelming. Service is sketchy - been there for several breakfasts and 1 in 3 waiters are actually decent.  I like the setting and the outdoor cafe feel, but other then that not much to appreciate.
1	This place should be called "Le Cafe lle Bad Service." Never in my life have I been treated so horribly at a restaurant. My family and I went for lunch at 1 in the afternoon. There was no line and the inside was empty except for 3 other families. We were seated immediately. Ten minutes after being seated, a busboy asked us what we'd like to drink. He barely understood our orders, ran around like a headless chicken, then disappeared into the kitchen. We were told our waitress will be over very soon to take our orders. I guess twenty minutes is considered very soon, because that's how long it took. After taking our orders, we waited about ten more minutes until my iced-tea arrived. My parents' and brother's drinks were nowhere in sight. After complaining to the manager about the horrible service and informing him that we felt neglected, he simply smirked and replied "I assure you that you're not being neglected." Yeah, that REALLY assured us.I noticed that there were no waiters in sight, and the three families that were seated before us still did not have their drinks or food. One family complained to the manager and left. Finally, the rest of our drinks and our food arrived (we had been seated for a little over an hour now). The food was alright, DEFINITELY not worth the wait at all, and it wasn't even hot. My soup came without a spoon so I asked my waitress for one; she said she will bring one right away. Five minutes later she came by our table to check on us, no spoon in sight. Again I asked for a spoon and she went to get one; she came back without a spoon once more! I asked for it one final time, and after a total of 10 minutes of not getting  a spoon I personally walked up to the utility station and took a spoon. Ridiculous! DON'T EAT HERE; this place does not deserve your business at all! This was probably the fifth time I have eaten here in the past four years and each time the service seemed to get exponentially worse. This is totally unacceptable especially in Las Vegas where restaurants are extremely competitive.
3	Our go to diner when headed out of town.
4	So only go here if you have some time. They seem to think they may actually be French and take their time. The wait was not awful for the table but long enough and the staff while efficient do take their sweet time. However, if you can get around that, which I hope you can...the food is amazing. Very flavorful and surprizing. Try the benedict (not the traditional) it may just rock your world. Or at least brighten your day, I left smiling.
5	Everything is perfect as a French restaurant except escargot.   They put a weird twist to the original; screwed it up.
3	The service was slow but the waiter was very friendly. The food i ordered was little over cook. "Cream Brulee" was my favorite.
3	Sitting below an illuminated ceiling of blue skies and puffy clouds, Le Cafe was built to feel like the outdoor cafes of Paris. On the outside it looks and might even feel like a place to sit and chat while sipping a cappuccino, but being that it's open 24 hours and just heels away from the noisy casino floor of Paris Las Vegas, it's really just a diner.Every casino has a diner and due to the nature of Vegas, they're typically the most popular places to eat at all hours of the day. Le Cafe is somewhere in the middle of the diner spectrum, neither exceptional nor completely downtrodden, offering a typical menu of American food and faux-French food.Something I always found decent was their breakfast food. Sausage links, tasty omelettes, and hash browns was a meal they could whip up quickly and rather decently. Some of their sandwiches (namely the French dip) were passable for a solid lunch time option and some of the usual baked pastries that were done daily.Having sampled lots of baguette combos, crepes, French onion soup, I just avoid the French items on their menu completely. Most all I've had were mediocre, uninspiring, and overpriced. This is no surprise for any casino cafe / diner establishment, but it's like going to a Japanese place only to find out the burger tastes better than soba / udon / ramen. As a result, some of my colleagues during my time here would commonly refer to this place as, "Le Crap."But I am not much of a hater. Paris already is plagued with subpar eateries and most of them are closed before 11pm, which leaves the late night goers few options to enjoy. The key to these types of places is embracing what they do best, which for me was almost always breakfast. Service was for the most part pleasant always and the prices were casino worthy, but thankfully this kind of food is the easiest to comp with player points.
5	Wife and I had eaten at several other casinos and this was by far the best food we had gotten during our trip to Las Vegas.  The waiter was right on top of things and kept us supplied with water and coffee. My omelette and my wife's soup and chicken sandwich were perfect.
5	The service was excellent.  Had the benedict (french style) and beignets for breakfast.  They were both very good, especially the beignets.
1	Awful. Awful. Awful. Worst service I have ever had, bad food, cold food, overpriced. Where do I start? We waited 20-25 minutes to get in for breakfast. It was the WORST service and food I have had in a long  time, and EXTREMELY overpriced (particularly considering the awful food and awful service).  My husband and I got mimosas (why not? we are on vacation) and they were $9 each.  We expected a large wine glass for our $9.  Instead, we received the smallest, tiniest champagne glass I have ever see.  It was a shot of champagne for $9. No thanks. I'll pass.  Then my husband and I got the eggs Benedict to eat.  He got the traditional and I got their special one.  All of the eggs were overcooked, 2 didn't even run out when you broke them open.  They were basically hard boiled eggs.  The sauce over them was tasteless and cold.  Everything, in fact, was cold and unseasoned.  It was awful.  The service through the entire meal was awful but when we tried to pay the bill, we were ignored for at least 20 minutes.   We almost walked out and I have never walked out on a check.  When I finally got up to complain and get someone to take our credit card, the manager brought the check but did not ask how the food was or if everything was ok.  Even the management didn't care.  This is cafeteria food for $20+ per plate. There are farrrrr better places in Vegas and even in the paris to eat, for much much more reasonable of a price.
3	There were long waits at other restaurants whereas we were seated almost immediately here.  The server was really on top of things here.  We ordered the escargots, which was good.  The fillet of sole was good, but lacked seasoning.  The Caesar's salad was crisp, but had no flavor.
3	We were able to sit in the faux outside and enjoy the fake sky and fake scenery.  I didn't mind that at all, it was actually rather pleasant and at lunch, I didn't feel the smoke that I probably would have felt later.  They did take a looong time to serve us and the waitress mentioned they had her responsible for a lot of tables.  Still she tried and was doing her best.  The french onion soup had lots of onion flavor and some salt too.  The french dip was piled too high with meat in a sandwich roll which was not meant for dipping.  Its supposed to be dipped so either provide a big boat to be able to dip it our provide a sandwich size that fits the dipping bowl.  Fries were a bit soggy.  Beet and goat cheese salads were good; though the presentation was lacking and we needed more dressing on the greens as the few drizzles just didn't cut it.
3	Oh dear, so many awful reviews this place has. I've always had a pretty good time when I come. I think that breakfast is usually the best place to come. Last time I came to have lunch with my boyfriend and got the half soup and sandwich special. The soup I chose was a chicken noodle soup (which I could tell that it was really fresh shredded pieces of chicken) and was not too salty. The sandwich I chose was a tuna salad and was okay (it just lacked a bit of flavor).I think what I really like about coming to this cafe is the outside "patio." It's quite pretty and somewhat romantic :).
1	quick short review.took around 20 to 30 mins to get our drink orders in.took 15 mins after that to get our food order in.order soup + salad deal for around $14.00received the soup in about 15 mins. received the salad 15 mins after the soupit came with a cup of soup (not even a bowl) and a petite saladnot the best tasting soup or salad. at least bread was good
1	I first had yo wait in line only to be seated in a half empty dining room. The staff that sat me were very nice and helpful. I sat foe 10 min. Before someone said hello. It wasnt even my server, but the bus lady. She was awesome and checked on me the whole meal. Finally after another 5 min my server finally came over. She asked me if i knew what i wanted. French onion soup needed salt. Tuna sandwich was ok. I ate without anyone asking me if I needed anything. She brought my bill without asking if I wanted dessert.  Guess she doesn't like to make money. I gave her my credit card only for her to return and ask that I please fill it out cause she needed to go home. Wow! Is all I have to say.
5	This cafe is awesome! It's located in the Paris hotel of Las Vegas. We simply took the elevator downstairs and decided to try it out for breakfast. My bf and I both got eggs Benedict (two different kinds.. one is traditional). The waiter told us that we had things going on.. especially after I ordered a Screwdriver. :) The ceiling is painted to emulate a blue sky and the entire ambiance is sweet. The waiter, John, even offered to take a picture for us. That was nice. I highly recommend this location.
3	I was reluctant to come here due to reviews about the wait being so long, but it was the closest place to my room and I've always been curious about this restaurant.  Let's just say the reviewers were right.  Once we were seated we waited maybe 15+ minutes just to order drinks, and another 15+ minutes just to order.  After we ordered, we waited another 30 minutes or so just to get our food, and so as you can imagine... we were not very happy and almost wanted to walk out.  No one even informed us that our food or a waitress was coming until we asked.FORTUNATELY the food we ordered was fantastic.  My egg white omelette was delicious (see picture), as were the grilled veggies on the side.  I got a bite out of my dad's steak and it was nice and tender.To sum up this review:  If you're down to wait a very long time to seat, order, and be served then you might be satisfied w/ this place.  I'm not sure if the wait is worth it, though, but luckily the quality of my omelette saved this place from me giving it a one star review.   If they had more staff on the floor this place would get a lot more positive reviews.  So yes, proceed w/ caution!
1	The service here is really ridiculous. They might as well slap aprons on honey badgers and call them waiters, cuz they really dont give a fuck. The food is bland and expensive. I came here 2 days in a row. Each time was progressively horrible. The management is a fat fucking asshole. (it was not my choice to come here either, I was obligated since it was my  mother-in-laws choice) After getting into a heated argument with my waitress for being a dumb rude bitch i decided i will NOT come back here again.
3	Wow - seems like a lot of disgruntled diners have eaten here judging by all the negative reviews. Sure, it's not the best casino spot to eat in Vegas, but all the times I have been here it has not been all that bad. I was just here last month during a business trip and had a decent late night meal.Basically, it is a glorified faux Parisian diner. You look up and around and see that you are sitting below a ceiling of blue skies, white fluffy clouds, and fake building fronts. I guess Le Cafe is trying to mimic the feel as if you are actually sitting in an outdoor cafe in Paris, enjoying a cappuccino while puffing away on a cigarette.Sure, the service can be a bit "spotty" here and on the slow side, but it is open 24 hours and is a nice reprieve off the noisy casino floor. It's a decent enough place when you are craving a late night meal, breakfast, snack, or just want some coffee and a pastry. As with most casino eateries they can be a bit pricey and Le Cafe is no exception.As a late night option when the clock is hitting midnight and most other restaurants are closed, or if you just don't feel like schlepping down the Las Vegas strip looking for a place to eat, Le Cafe is always there, open and available. Kind of like a Las Vegas "escort" hanging around the bar in a tight fitting dress and liquor on her breath.
1	Bad bad pasta ravioli.....was that water in my sauce or sauce in my water...go figure. Luis seemed to be unable to comprehend the concept of room temperature water..tap water,hon. The rotesseri chicken sas cold,un-flavourful....i have had better at the local grocery store. We did get in at 2 on the afternoon, but that's not late...not on Vegas. Avoid, goto mon Ami Gabi instead.
1	I should have read the reviews first.  If the reviews are that spread out its obviously "hit or miss".  This was my first and last time going there. It was definitely a giant miss for me.  After being seated and waiting for so long, I was about to just leave when the waiter called out on his way from the next table that he would right there.  After another long wait, he finally showed up. When asked about any of the menu items, he just looked confused.  When ordering a wine with dinner he had to put his finger on the page and leave with the wine list. Of course during this time, we had to specifically ask for water to drink be brought to the table. For the appetizers, I had the French Onion Soup (not bad), while my companion had the Tomato Salad which consisted three slices of tomato with baby sprigs and a dressing. Hardly enough to be considered a salad. When the entrees arrived. They both looked, felt and tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for far too long. My prime rib was cold as well as my "whipped" (mashed) potatoes. My companion had the club sandwich with rosemary pomme frittes (French Fries). Its hard to mess up a club sandwich, but the fries were cold, limp and greasy.  EVERYTHING had to be sent back to the kitchen!  My meal came out a second time and it was correct. My companions pomme frittes came out in the same state as the first attempt. She just gave up and simply said "never mind" to the fries. During the course of the meal our drinks ran low and eventually empty. My companion had to go to the hostess stand and ask if the manager could stop by our table with some water. When Mark the manager showed up, we conveyed our experiences with Rey the waiter.  He of course politely apologized. And offered to "adjust" the bill, which Rey promptly delivered. Rey seemed to have forgotten the the special I ordered came with dessert, so I had to remind him.  Of course coffee wasn't offered so I had to flag Rey down for som coffee. When we got our coffee, Rey was distracted by something else yet again and just put his carafe on the table in front of me like we were at an Ihop.  Since we ordered coffee, he had to add that to the bill and we had to flag him down yet again. SERVICE: HorribleFOOD:  Mediocre (at best)For the guy that said "not that bad", I ask you how does it have to be before you feel like your time and money has been wasted?  How important is you time and how hard do you work for you money?  If you value either, you won't waste it at Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas. I have eaten here on every trip and you cannot beat the breakfast. Delicious corned beef hash. Try the berries as well they come with cream and brown sugar always fresh and yummy.
4	Service here was great! The food was pretty great, too. We ate here for breakfast, and it was all delicious. We did come here on a Monday morning, so it wasn't quite as busy as the weekend, I imagine, but there was no wait at all. I am a fan of French cuisine, and I would eat here again.
5	Fantastic corned beef hash and bacon.  I loved it, sit on the patio for some great people watching!
2	The burger I had was fine but the service was sloooooow, we ate half are meals without a drink
5	During my current get-away visit to Las Vegas, I dined here 2 days in a row.  This has become my #1 favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The Salad Nicoise is absolutely delicous! It is consistently perfect with the seared tuna and long green beans. The Pinot Noir was an excellent match. Excellent service and delicious meals.  I highly recommend Le Cafe in the Paris Las Vegas!
2	Avoid if you can!We stopped by the other day for a late lunch, around 2:30, noticing the patio was about 3/4ths full.  Much to our surprise, we found a line about 4 tables deep.  Worse yet, there is Diamond / Seven Stars VIP line where you can get cut-off at just about anytime before you're seated.  They told us 45 minute wait -- which struck me as inexplicable given the only partially full restaurant.  Two couples jumped off line in front of us.  We got cut off by two Diamond members and we still seated in 10 minutes.  The inefficiency of this process should have been a clue as to the rest of the experience.The place looks French and the menu reads French, but the food is neither terribly good, nor terribly French.  The onion soup arrived burned on top and without soup spoon.  The broth wasn't bad but it was really hard to eat with a teaspoon and, finding anyone to get us one took about 10 minutes.  I knew the second the waitress put it down that there was no soup spoon, but she was off like a shot before I could say anything.The French Dip was almost inedible -- isn't the meat supposed to be either warm or lukewarm?  Theirs was cold, like from the refrigerator.  The jus wasn't bad.  The bread was nice.  The fries were disgusting, cold, and way too many of them.  The salade frisee was dried out, looking like the lettuce had been left out in the kitchen too long.By the way, the bill for all of the mediocre food and service above, including two glasses of chardonnay, was $85 with tip.Do not go here.  Find somewhere else.  And never, ever wait a half hour to eat here.
4	We needed to grab a hearty, early breakfast and we needed something close.  We scoped out Le Cafe the night before and decided to give them a try.We arrived at 7:15 a.m. and were seated right away (you'd hope so).  Our waiter Philip was very friendly and inviting.  My husband had an omelet and potatoes, which he wasn't overly thrilled with.  I had the quiche which turned out to be really good!  The quiche had a nice, flaky pastry crust filled with lightly whipped eggs, mushrooms, ham and cheese.  The breakfast potatoes were just alright.  I think I'd try the roasted fingerling potatoes next time.Service was very friendly and quick, food was good.Worth a stop in for breakfast.
5	The best seared tuna salad. The salmon was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent. My rewards card paid for it, what more could you want??
1	I was at the Paris for a work convention so was forced to try some of the dining establishments in the hotel. I wish I hadn't. First off, the service for breakfast is extremely slow. Plan on allotting at least twenty minutes to order and wait for your food. Twice I saw them pick up my sandwich only to have them put it down and pick up an order placed after mine. Second, the food wasn't that good. Everything had cheese and their were very few healthy choices, but that does keep in the French tradition.Finally, expect to get gouged on the price. You have few choices other so they know they have you on the price.
3	I stayed at the Paris Hotel over the Labor Day weekend. After we checked in and unpacked, we were jonesin' for some grub and this was the first restaurant we saw in the lobby. The menu was basic but attempted a pseudo French flair to make it appear as though it was a step above a run-of-the-mill restaurant. But the location being situated smack dab in the middle of a noisy, heavily trafficked lobby, and the quality of food did little to convince me. I had the seared tuna salad. The tuna was absolutely overcooked and the potatoes were very large and seemed shoved into the salad along with the unruly green beans. The glass of Riesling was ok. Granted, the service was adequate and they do make an effort to capture the look of a Parisian cafe (blue painted skies and random Parisian decor) but the hectic atmosphere overshadows all. This is great for a quick and somewhat inexpensive bite but certainly not the creme de la creme of Vegas' culinary offerings.
2	You might think you are actually in Paris with the quality of service (or lack there of) but definitely not with the food.Not many hearty options for vegetarians, and while the beet salad with arugula and goat cheese was tasty, there was WAY too much cheese (which is just odd for me to say). They bring bread and butter before the meal. Though the butter is doused in salt, making for a very yucky pre-eating experience. Pros - You can probably get in fairly easilyMids - Food is okayCons - Service sucks I will not be returning. Ever.
3	After trying to find somewhere to eat, we decided to go to Le Cafe Saint Louis!  For the most part, it was good!  However, the service is terrible!  We waited outside the restaurant for about 20 minutes when there were plenty of tables available!  But whatever!  When we get in and get seated, it takes about 7-10 minutes before someone came over to take our drink order!  We gave the gentleman out drunk order and then proceeded to ask him a question about the menu!  He stopped us very quickly and said, "you have to ask your waiter!"  Ok!  So we wait another 15 minutes before she shows up!  We put in our order and wait another 45 minutes before it was given to us.  The food was pretty good!  But also very pricey!  $15 soup and half sand which is pretty expensive!  However, the food was very good!  The French onion soup was by far the best I've ever had!  And my friends all enjoyed their food!  Just the biggest draw back is that the service is SLOW!
3	Winner winner breakfast eggs and sausage dinner?  For what's available around, this is what Paris has to offer and even with the somewhat $$ prices, you'll be pleased to know its exactly what you expect.  It's not extravagant, and the only reason to come here at 6am in the morning for reliable breakfast food is because A) you've been out partying too damn hard and barely anything would taste bad at this point, or B) you've become baller status and the first grand meal to reap your winnings outta be good and light since you drank all those whiskey on the rocks down during the conquest.  Therefore, I'm not sayin its the best place to eat, but for 6am breakfast, its worth checking out if you're nearby.
5	If you want a Parisian Vegas restaurant experience, then skip the buffet and eat at the Le Cafe.Since they had a special for $39, I couldn't resist and my friend Ian will kill me for not telling him I ate here. I ordered red wine, French onion soup, filet mignon medium rare with a side of baked potato and sauted mushrooms and for dessert chocolate layer cake. ROOM CHARGE!First I had the bread basket with the warm butter and that was delicious and was a good pre-starter before the appetizer. My French Onion soup was good but I had better and my entree was very tender juicy and the two sides was a great addition to the entree.Lastly the dessert (chocolate mouse layer cake) was very rich indeed with the berry and cranberry on the side of the dish. Yum mee!!The service here is so far excellent and the staff here are very friendly.I'll be back to try other stuff on the menu if I'm ever near by.
2	Since Mon Ami Gabi had a huge line, the boyfriend dragged me away to another restaurant. (My foodie stomach was in tears! :[ I wanted to wait!!)We found Le Cafe Ille Saint Louis. There were few diners in the restaurant.The ambience was ... hrm. I'm at a loss for words. We opted to dine outside. The interior was too dreary and lonesome. Outside consisted of small tables underneath a faux Parisian sky, surrounded by casino go-ers. A small gate separated us from the hordes of casino-folks.The service needs improvement. Our waiter was impatient. He tried to be polite (point! thank you!) but his mannerisms implored discomfort. The food failed to be spectacular. There were two special dinner options, and we each got one. Variety to taste everything, right? My chicken was a dry and boyfriend's salmon could have used a bit more flavor. We cook similar dishes at home, and uhmm.. the quality of our homemade dishes trump Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis' offerings. Overall, the experience wasn't terrible. But it wasn't quite the best. Vegas has better options.
4	Had a very nice breakfast with my boo at Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis. What I liked best was that it was a nice change of pace from the Vegas casino/buffet type vibe. Almost like being in a european cafe that just happens to be in the middle of a large casino.The wait was minimal on a weekday morning, and our server was great. My boo had the quiche and I had the french toast with banana at the suggestion of our waiter who was great, but I can't remember his name (sorry man). French toast was excellent. Really hit the spot. My boo was very pleased with the quiche. Pricewise I thought breakfast was reasonable. I would definitely go back.
4	Hated waiting in line for 30 minutes where there were soooo many empty tables.  Very frustrating.But, the food was excellent. Eggs Benedict was great.  Delicious bloody mary, too!
2	My mom said it best - great potential, terrible execution. The flavors for all the dishes were spot on and had the food been hot, it would have been a 5 star review. But we watched what turned out to be our food sit on a tray for 10 minutes and the food was between cold and luke warm. They did comp us a bottle of wine for our problems, but my family and I won't be going back.I feel bad for the chef and kitchen crew because even cold the food had excellent flavor. I would go only if you can get your food hot.
1	Terrible food with horrible ambiance and high prices.  An omelet is not supposed to have a browned egg crust on it.  Another diner in the group said her crepes were barely warm.  The Paris hotel tries to have an atmosphere of Paris in their decor and then blasts the same 80s pop that every other casino uses.  Hey, I know....how about playing something that sounds French?
5	Had dinner here and ordered the 3 course prix fixe menu for $39. We requested foie gras (extra $12) on our rib eye steak and Chef accommodated our request!  Dessert was good too!  Large portions.  Great service. Will be back again.
3	We were walking around the Paris hotel and thought we would stop by for dinner here. They had a special for the day with a nice 3 course meal for $39.I had the french onion soup and it was really good. I got the mixed meats course where I ordered the mashed potatoes which was decent but could tell it was microwaved but the mushrooms dish with 5 different mushrooms which was pretty good. My meal also included two small lamb chops, a spicy italian sausage, and a petite mignon. The lamb was decent, sausage was dry, and the cook could not get the filet mignon right. I ordered it medium (pink and juicy). The first time it came out charred and over cooked and the second time, after I had sent it back it came rare and soft. The sausage looked like it was on a hot flame but the inside was dry and one end was cool to cold. For dessert the cheese cake came in and it was yellow and buttery, with not much cheese. We agreed it was like eating a sweet and salty stick of butter. My GF had the fish dish, I think it was salmon and she said it was OK but nothing special.They were nice enough to try to make my meal right but ended up just getting filled up on the lamb and mushrooms. Overall, the service was outstanding and a floor supervisor even noticed I hadn't eaten much of the beef and asked if I would want a drink on the house. I kindly declined.  I imagine the kitchen had a hot flame and try to make the cook time faster but if they would use just a tad lower flame and a couple minutes longer to grill things the food would have probably been very good. We'll probably stop by for the french onion soup again next time, nice service but the food can use just a little work, the restaurant has potential.
5	Service was excellent and food was even better. I had the prime rib with Yukon gold mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese with French onion soup to start. Unbelievable!
3	Needed to grab breakfast.  There was a long line so we were a bit skeptical as we had to catch a flight.  The lined moved as there were 12 ahead of us.  The food was good - beignet, custom omlette, quiche, crepe.  Servers were usual-got it done.  We made our timing to make our shuttle to our flight home.
4	I am not sure it was the ambiance, the food or just because i was having an amazing time with my friend. but i enjoyed my experience there at the fullest.I got a salad with arugula and cheese and tuna ( i think it was tuna salad) and the decoration of the food was so artistic and everything tasted great and it was amazing.
1	I feel that this place is meant for the gambleholics who just want a quick bite so they can return to their gambling immediately. All the food we ordered was horrible. I can't comprehend how food of this quality could make to Vegas. Service: terrible. It does not seem that they were under-staffed. The wait outside was long... MORE wait at the table after being seated... LONGER wait after we ordered. By the time the food came out, I was full stuffing too much bread (which wasn't any thing extraordinary, I was just too hungry from waiting)Last visit was my second time (due to friends wanted to go there) it would also be the last visit.Don't come here.
5	This restaurant has without a doubt the BEST corned beef hash I've ever had.  I'm dreaming about going back there just to have it.  It's that good!
4	It looks like this place doesn't have many reviews for the breakfast so here you go.The food we had was all quite tasty. 3 steak & eggs, 1 omelet, and 1 eggs benedict. Everything was a perfect portion size and my steak & eggs were juicy and flavorful (though it was more medium rare than the medium well I had asked for).My only complaint really was the waiter. He was engaging and interactive, but it felt like he was trying a bit too hard to be fun. Maybe I'm being picky, but there was just something about him that didn't come off right. Also, at one point one of the busboys came by to ask for some more water & while he did he gave me a bit of a mini back scratch which came of as very weird. It wasn't like he was coming onto me, but it was just one of those "what the heck was that about?" moments.Definitely something I'll be laughing about for a long time.
1	When you have a restaurant, it would be helpful if the staff spoke English. Long story short, my girlfriend for whatever reason cannot eat goat cheese. It makes her sick. When she asked what a certain sauce was in one of the crepes, the waitress didn't know. She just said, a "white sauce." What do you know, goat cheese. she ate one bite and lost her appetite. When she tried to tell the waitress that, she had to word it differently about 5 times before she understood. She didn't order anything else.Did I mention as soon as we sat down, they tried to push all sorts of alcoholic drinks on us by pointing them out on the menu and going "ooh" and "look at that". Guess what, I've been getting free drinks all day if I sit there on the slot machines, so why should i spend anything here? I ordered a sprite, and my girlfriend ordered a water. They proceeded to bring two waters and never refill them. I think I ordered a seafood crepe, but after all that happened, I don't even remember if it was good or not.
4	We usually, but don't always, stay at the Paris once a year on business.  This has become our traditional first meal -- lunch, when we hit town.  Not over the top on quality, service, or price...it is usually a decent meal with forgettable (read nothing to rant angrily about) for an middle income price.  Of course, anything like this in Paris or other older highly themed resorts means there is a bit of theater to the ambience.  If you buy in to it, it is a nice escape.  Only negative is that a few years ago they swapped up their "Parisian" sandwich and potato salad, which I loved.   The replacement is ok, but nothing special.  The first time this hit me, the staff scrambled and recreated the old offering, which was a nice service touch.
3	I would tend to say that, outside of `steakhouse` and `gourmet` rooms at casinos, casino fare usually is blah. This was a not blah.We ordered teh prix fixe steak specials (bride had a filet mignon ,myself a ribeye) and found the food adequate.The mashed potatoes seemed not the most genuine however,couldn`t put our fingers on it but they mashed were a fail.The cheesecakes for desert were surprisingly FULL SIZED! and pretty good.For $39 prix fixe on the strip we felt we had a good value. Would we return? perhaps is nothing else avail or if staying on site.Waiters ok. Busboy a little slow w/refill,the waiter had to get on him to get drinks for our table & others
2	Ready to soak in fat. It is a strange land where fish swims in oil, French fries has been frying since French Revolution and Sam Adams is an import beer.
1	Let me tell you about this place...My mom keeps making us come here for every God-forsaken Las Vegas trip. The service is ALWAYS really slow. First of all, it took the waiter a while to come to our table in the first place. By the time he got to us we were ready to order. My dad tried ordering wine, but their wine list was out-of-date and they didn't have several of the bottles of wine we wanted to order. We got the Merlot, it was okay.We ordered three steaks, medium rare. Mine was rare, my friend's was so raw it was still grazing the asparagus (which he had specifically asked be removed in his order), and my brother's came out just right.We sent back the raw steak for a longer cook time... it came back rare and cold about ten minutes later....By then I had given up on my steak, anyway, so my friend finished it off.My mom ordered the Croque Madame, which was awful and under-cooked (surprise!) and the creamed spinach that came with my order was clumpy and cold.The only good thing about this place was the bread and butter (which took forever to get). However, when we asked for oil and vinegar for the bread, we were told there wasn't any. When we pointed out that another guy at a table had it, they went over, took it off his table, and put it on ours! Sorry guy! Seriously, I have low expectations from Las Vegas to begin with, but this was unacceptable.The over-all experience was so awful I went out of my way to make sure this place exists on Yelp so I can warn future patrons. GO TO THE BUFFET INSTEAD! Or at least go to Mon Ami Gabi instead.
4	This restaurant is located inside the Eiffel tower on the strip.  The inside of the tower if made to look like you are walking down the street outside with a bunch of little shops.  The restaurant has "outdoor" and indoor seating.  Everyone at my table ordered the Caesar salad.  It was the cheapest entree on the menu.  It was really good though.  We also got free bread (always wins me over).  Many of the servers appeared Parisian, or at least not American.  It was a nice experience.
2	Not worth trying..Overprices for the quality of food, service is below average: servers are unwelcome, not smiles, not feeling that they care what you wantFood is poorly done, drinks are served from the plastic glasses.. The stake that I asked to be medium rare was well-well done, super dry and toughUnless there are no other places (like in our case, we were super hungry and was looking for something close without waiting in the line), do not recommend going to.. This place doesn't deserve to be in the French-styled place.
3	"Bonjour, mon ami.  Lardons, si vous plait"Located conveniently by the hotel elevators at the Paris Las Vegas hotel, Le Cafe Ile St. Louis offers French American cuisine, specializing in breakfast/brunch.  A cute facade makes diners feel they are in city of lights, with dining inside or "al fresco", which in this case means overlooking the casino floor.  I chose to sit "al fresco" both times I dined here, as it gave ample opportunity to people watch, both those gambling & those walking by, and to enjoy the filtered casino air.  I assumed seating inside would be rather stuffy.As previously mentioned, I dined at Le Cafe Ile St. Louis on two occasions, for dinner then for breakfast the next day.  Here's the 411-Dinner - There was very little wait & was quickly led to a table.  While waiting for my order to arrive, crusty bread & butter were placed on our table-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQBy crusty, I mean crusty.  The outer layer of bread was as crusty as my tidy whities after my first wet dream.  Yes, that crusty!  Inside, though, was airy & soft.  The butter was crack to me.  I asked for another helping of it, as I was liberally dousing each piece of bread w/ butter.  I even helped myself to spoonfuls applied directly to mouth, w/o the interference of bread.Calamari - Fried squid w/ crispy onions, fennel, lemon & a dijon mustard vinaigrette $12-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#kVwRy-qO3v8PJYyLn5u9awThis was delicious.  Generous portions, fried crisp & light with a captivating vinaigrette.  I asked for more of said vinaigrette because I was bathing each piece of calamari and/or onion with it.  Burger and foie gras - Angus beef, pate de foie gras, caramelized apples, balsamic gastrique on a brioche bun w/ pomme frites $18-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#MeXfEou-G1FANcmYRGUT5wTres bien!  What sold it for me was the foie gras, a food item that was recently banned for sale in California.  It's like meat butter.  I delighted in the medium-rare goodness-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#b40GDQLSlIUeiYa7GWeWQwThe pomme frites (french fries) were, sadly, soggy & limp.  I guess they spent too much time w/ the Paris go-go dancer the previous night ;p She sure knew how to twerk it, so I don't blame the fries for being limp LOLCreme brulee $8 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#I2QqmkDyFQxm4iGwkx9Y_AAhhh, the crispy sugar shell forming a roof over the thick creme underneath.  This was magnifique!  I savored each & every bite, delighting in the burnt flavoring of the sugary shell.Breakfast - There was about a 5 min wait, so it wasn't long before being seated "al fresco".  Complimentary toasted bread of choice was provided.  I chose sourdough & extra of that fantastic butter.  Corned beef hash w/ two poached eggs $15 -http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas?select=nag8tyKxp8-Wzocr7jGkBQ#Lbn2VWRXcYHOWnJDlIpQ2AHearty, rich, stick to your ribs good!  I relished each & every bite, as the runny egg yolks slithered down the hash, making for a delectable meal.  Quality portions, worth the $15.Cafe latte $5 - This could French kiss my derriere.  Weak coffee in a small cup.  I thought the Europeans were known for how strong they like their coffee.  This was more like Folgers.  The Gevalia I brew at home is leaps & bounds better than this drivel.Service was good, as extra butter was brought out & drinks were refilled.  Seating is plentiful throughout, w/ my recommendation of dining "al fresco".I enjoyed my 2 dining experiences here at Le Cafe Ile St. Louis.  It's Vegas, so the prices can be a little high for what you get, but I mostly enjoyed the food I had the pleasure of eating here.  Plus, the convenience of having the restaurant located right outside the hotel elevators make stopping here a breeze.Recommend!Au revoir!NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
1	Overall rating is 1.5 stars out of 5.When my wife and arrived at our hotel in Vegas on 05/16/13 we were quite hungry and ready for lunch. After a brief discussion we decided, we would get our bags situated in our room first and then head to this restaurant mainly because of it's proximity and because our stomachs talking to us lol. When we arrived at the entrance we were immediately greeted by the hostess and quickly escorted to our seats (So far so good). Now here is where it starts to go down hill (Just a mental reminder that this place was not busy at all during this time).Ok so my wife and I sat at the table for well over 20 minutes before a guy finally arrived and asked us our drink orders. We quickly told him what we wantef to drink because by this time we already knew what we wanted for lunch. When I proceeded to tell him what we wanted to order he said, "Your server will be with you shortly" (Well that was a bold face lie). After about 5 minutes the guy brings out our drinks and some bread with butter for us to eat.This bread was awful and its not so much because of taste but more so because the outer part of the bread was hard like rocks. So we thought we could bypass that by eating the soft inside which we found out was not even room temperature this bread was cold. So we ended not eating the bread. I say about another 20-25 minutes later our server arrives to take our order (FINALLY!).After finally placing our order (The Paris Burger w/ Fries) that took another 15-20 minutes to finally get delivered to our table. The good thing is that when the food finally came it was pretty good. The fries were pretty good and I like how the top bum of the burger was cooked. The edge of the buns had a crispy texture while the rest of the bun still remained sofT. Overall the burger was not life changing but still a decent burger and the fries were good as well. In the end the reason for the low rating is because service was extremely SLOW and the bread was not good at all either (Some people might like that but not me).The sad thing is that this place seems to be packed with people later in the evening however because of this experience I do not think I'll be coming back to this until maybe my next trip to Vegas. There are just too many restaurants and places to explore to be fixated on this one.Maybe next time Le Cafe. Hey maybe you guys might have better look with service.Good Luck.
1	Prepare to be unimpressed. Long waits, mediocre service and food.
1	I should always yelp places to eat but I was so hungry that I really didn't care where we ate!!  I now regret my decision by picking this place to eat!  Got in line and waited about 5 minutes to get seated.  We sat "outside" so we could see the wonderful scenery of paris, along with the slot machines!  Very paris like ;)  The waiter took our orders and we waited a good 20 minutes to get our food :(St. Louis Signature: ($15)- two eggs any style, including a side of thick cut slab bacon and roasted fingerling potatoes.  This pretty much tasted mediocre.  I could make this way better!  This was just your ordinary typical eggs, bacon, and potatoes.  The bacon was the best part but I feel that I could play like $2 and get the same thing at McDonalds!1/2 Soup/Sandwich combo ($16)- ordered the french onion soup which was delicious and got the chicken salad sandwich.  Mediocre as well.  Felt that Corner Bakery or Panera is way better and cheaper!I understand it is "Paris" but come on, the food is very bland and it just wasn't that enjoyable.  Probably will not come back.NOTE:-Slow service-Bathrooms around the corner
1	Servers were clueless! No menu knowledge.  Terrible service!  Disgusting food. Soggy fries. Expensive for quality. Will never go again.
4	My husband and I had dinner here tonight.We both ordered the 3 course menu $39 eachHe got the wedge salad, mixed grill, steak, lamb chops and sausage with Yukon whipped potatoes, mac n cheese with cheese cake for desert he really enjoyed all parts of the meal, I even tired the blue cheese dressing (that i normally hate) and it was really goodI had the French onion soup, Filet mignon with the Yukon whipped potatoes, creamed spinach and chocolate cake , everything was great, I love french onion soup and try it every where I find it. My steak was perfect and both sides delish! The chocolate cake was rich and the mousse filling was awesome. We were seated right away, our server was attentive, drinks kept refilled and food served in a timely manner , starting with the wonderful french bread roll's baked together like a loaf of bread. I would definitely eat here again
1	I would give them NEGATIVE stars, were that possible.  We stopped in for breakfast, as I was sick of buffet- style eggs and bacon and wanted a real meal for a change.  I ordered quiche.  It was microwaved into insensibility.  The "Fried" potatoes had never seen the inside of a pan- again the microwave did the work.  The WORST part was my husband's omelet, which I am sad to report was also prepared in the microwave.  I complained to the waiter, who I presume was French as he had a French name and an accent, but you never know who is real and who is fake in Sin City, do you?  I told him the cook should be ashamed of the food, wondering all the time if the WAITER shouldn't be a bit ashamed to place plates as awful as this on the table and wish unsuspecting diners "Bon Apetite"  Yuck.  Overpriced at almost $15 a plate.  I want to issue a global warning about this.  Stick with the buffet, you can see it before you pay for it.
2	We had about 8 people in our party and got seated right away.  The food did take forever to come, and we were super hungry! I ordered tri tip sandwhich - The food was overall OK. Maybe I should have ordered something else because everyone else liked what they had ordered. I loved how the check was all in french though.
3	It was alright. I went with my friend and since we were in paris, we might as well eat here. If it wasn't for the midnight in Paris, which is a mocha coffee drink with alcohol I would give it a solid 3. My friend loved their creamy cheese garlic dipping sauce that came with the American burger. The fries had parsley on it and it was different than your regular fries but it was good. My friend had a brush crush vodka, it looked good but he wasn't a big fan of it. He says it taste like kool-aid and no liquor. Downside: we had toWait 10minutes into getting seated when there was literally 20 tables opened. They waiter was persistent for us to order our food, but took forever to give us the bill. Good food, bad service =3 1/2 stars
1	What the hell?!I thought this was a French cafe, but it is just a regular American diner with super-high prices for what you are getting. $39 for a piece of steak? I don't think so. Here's what we had:- Steak frites: Dry and small. All the French fries we ordered (came with the burgers and the steak frites were overcooked like they had been frozen and deep-fried)- American burger: Nothing to report, no special dressing, nothing worth getting again -- we only got this at the behest of my cousin.- Parisian burger: Better flavor, since there was brie and pear, but not great. Again, no sauce!- Salmon: This was actually good, but the portion was insanely small. Very buttery and moist. - Caesar salad: A bit too salty, but I like the anchovy on the salad- Roasted half chicken: Super dry and tasteless. The food sucked, and that breaks my heart, because I used to eat here all the time with my parents 10 years ago when they took my brother and me to Las Vegas. The food I remember was tasty! Even my parents liked it. Service blew. Our server took our order impatiently and didn't check on us. At one point, we wanted to order more food, but after 20 minutes, and asking someone else to find our server twice, we were already done with our meal and didn't want anything else by the time he deigned to show up! Also, one of my pet peeves is French grammatical errors at a place that is representing itself to be French. Their 3-course menu is called "Le American" -- sigh. Anyway, if you have to eat here, ask to sit "outside." It's much cuter than the sad inside.
1	The food was terrible and overpriced.  $16 for a French Dip that was awful.  Meat was dry and tasteless.  The bun was chewy.  Rotisserie Chicken for $20 was just bad, dry and tasteless.  On a positive note, French onion soup was good (one star for that).  Service was just ok.  Everyone else's food had come out except two dishes.  I told the waitress, "we're just waiting on two more" and she totally snapped at me.  Overall, just really overpriced for food that was worst than airline food.  I would not eat here again or recommend it to anyone.
1	This was the worst dining experience I've had in a while. First, we got seated in the worst spot possible. Right by the door, near the kitchen.... there were a ton of open tables, ones with views of the hotel and shops, real cute, looks like a cafe on the streets of Paris.... not for us though.Then, the service was sloooooow, took forever before our waitress even came by. I had to ask for water, and that took forever as well. She just threw a loaf of cold bread on our table. Husband liked the french dip... only thing that saved this.Fries... it looked like the bottom of a chip bag, all the crumsb, only lacking any flavor! and cold.The french onion soupd was ok, but sweet. Ceasar salad.... guess I shouldn't had ordered this since it was a french restraunt.... bland, and I didn't the chick I ordered. She then said "Oh yeah" came back and threw a plate of very cold bad chicken on the table. I couldn't even eat it. No apology either. Then the bill, she never asked for my rewards card. Charged me for the wrong items as well, which was twice as much than what I ordered. I went to complain, but husband was mad and stormed out, I figured it wasn't worth it.Prices were average, maybe $40 for our entire bill? Not worth it, wouldn't recommed at all. Wish we went to Mon Ami Gabi, but husband wanted something plainer.....
4	Main case in point? $39 menu for a 3-course dinner? Headed to the Strip a bit earlier than expected for our show and walked about Paris Hotel to find some good eats for my birthday. Saw the cutesy cafe and a sign that showed options that seemed to good to pass up. I ordered the French Onion Soup, Prime Rib with Mac and Cheese, Mushrooms and Onions, & a chocolate layer cake. While I'm not a big fan of soup, the French Onion was delicious.The Prime Rib was perfection, although I only managed to finish about half since I ate the soup so fastThe Chocolate layer cake was about as big as two "regular" slices at a "regular" restaurant and was moist and chocolatey! Recommending this place for the price and service!
2	Late breakfast before check-out.  Seated quickly since there was nobody waiting and the place was only half full.  Seated near server station even though there were other tables in nicer location.  Why?  Who knows but we didn't ask.  Crumbs on tablecloth...ewww.  I noticed that they never changed the tablecloth on other tables as they were turned around... and didn't even shake them off.  But that is a weird pet peeve of mine.  Waiter seemed tired and not too interested.  Maybe it had been a hard morning; who knows?  Kids asked for apple juice.  None available however.  "We ran out.  You should have got here earlier."  Really?  Breakfast food was decent tasting... but the service needs some improvement.  Otherwise this would have been a 3-star.  Too bad.
3	Husband and I were in need of food before our morning flight.  I was skeptical after reading these reviews but we needed food. I made a reservation via open table and got in and we were seated quickly.  Jose was our waiter and was great!  When he came to greet us we placed our drink and food orders at the same time.  I had a mimosa that was bright and fresh.  It had a little gran marnier in it that have it a wonderful flavor.  I had the eggs Benedict and hubby had bacon, potatoes, eggs and toast.  Pics included.  If you're at Paris hotel, give it a shot.  It wasn't mind blowing but certainly good.
5	Came here for breakfast. I ordered the Ham and cheese sandwich. By far, the best thing I have EVER ate! The cheese is sweet and the ham is succulent. Definitely worth coming here. And the pommes frites (garlic fries) are really good also.
4	We wanted a nice dinner while we in Vegas but were too lazy to make reservations. We wandered around Paris and ended up here. We were seated immediately and were greeted by our amazing server. We ordered our wine and he showed us the special (a 3 course meal for $39). I ended up with the filet au poivre and the boy had the special (filet mignon, wedge salad, 2 sides and dessert). We were both very pleased with our meals, the steaks were cooked perfectly and the sides were pitch-perfect. This would be a solid 3 star joint in just about any city... what bumps this one up to a 4 star was our server. He was beyond amazing, he was attentive without being overbearing, he knew the menu and he brought out things without even being asked. It was a lovely way to start our evening.
1	Terrible do not eat here.  For starters the service sucked.  Our waiter came once then disappeared.  After a while another woman took care of us and was kind (the only high point of the experience).  The food advertised on the menu is not what we got. A thick cut slab of bacon was two tiny bits of bacon (for 6 bucks).  The French toast was inedible. When we asked for a manager he was very rude, demeaning and certainly didn't care what we had to say.  I've never had someone so rude at a restaurant and believe me my boyfriend and I were not rude first or demanding anything crazy.  Stay away!  Eat at the creperie down the way and split.
5	We ate there 3 times while we were there. Everything is fantastic. Our waiter John was wonderful! Most of the food is homemade down to the butter. We wish this place was in Chicago. Loved it! Very affordable as well.
1	Mediocre food (French toast and bacon) that was overpriced and terrible service. Nothing nice to say here except that the other restaurants in the Paris are very good.
4	Food, excellent service... The French onion soup and Caesar salad really hit the spot. That is so exciting to eat inside, but also outside, all at the same time
1	NO THANKS!My friends and I land in Vegas on  Thursday night and wanted to get something simple. But we walked by this place and thought 'lets splurge' because there were so many people seated and waiting in line we thought 'it must be good' I sit, and check in on Yelp! realizing that this place did NOT get good reviews....whatever, too late, we were seated so we just went with it. WE saw this three course meal special: Appetizer, Entree, Dessert for like $40, good deal, right? Well..I got a salad (which was like 3 tomatoes), the steak (a lot of fatty pieces) and chocolate cake (should have went with cheesecake). It was all very bland. We took a survey on their iPad right after we ate. Service was fine, real french person? in Paris, Vegas. lol. I just know I'm not going back haha.
2	I love the Paris hotel so it saddens me that my experience at Le Cafe was not good. The main reason? The people. From the person who seated me to the person who waited on me. They seemed unhappy, almost indifferent. And the service was very slow. By the way, my experience at Mon Ami Gabi was outstanding! Go there!
1	Slow Service, Expensive, Bad LightingAvoid the Salmon Burger and the Paris Burger.Salmon Burger- Soggy French Fries, Way Salty Salmon.Paris Burger- "didn't taste that good" - BrotherBread was very hard, Hard to eatI liked the water they gave for free, that's it.
1	We waited on the slow line about 1 pm after we saw the american deal. Maybe I missed the fine print but I'm thinking it was a bait and switch. After waiting so long to just get in we stayed and had the french onion soup... delicious. The pepper steak was ordered by me and my friend and it was cooked the perfect medium rare... Soft, juicy,pink and not a lot of blood. Spice wise we both thought it was bland. Peppercorns were shoved around it and that was it. It was way overpriced and the waitress was nice but I wish I had just left or went with a sandwich and got out if there.
2	This place wasn't terrible, but the line looked short, but looks are deceiving.so many open tables but they never sat anyone.  Very bad if you are hungry.  Long wait after waiting in le village line.  Had eggs Benedict, ok, the potatoes had a unexpected cajun seasoning.
1	I had been to this place before and the food before was great, I had the lobster special my last visit and thoroughly enjoyed it, delicious.  But after my last visit I am not so sure, I had the duck a l'orange.  It tasted okay, I assumed it was just not my type if food.  AsI was eating I starred feeling nauseous.  We ended up just calling for the check and even asked them to pack my girlfriend's desert to go after she had ordered it.  As I walked back to the casino hoping the walking would make me feel better, I started feeling like I was going to vomit, I walked as fast as I could to the room and began to vomit for the next hour.  I called to complain to the restaurant and I was very rudely told we are sorry to bad, here complain to security.  I wasnt looking for anything really other than to maybe bring to attention that this dish might not be good maybe and I was basically brushed of.  Never going there again.  I followed up with guest services and after about 24 hours received an apology, they offered to comp the food to my room, we never saw that credit, and the manager at the time although very polite brushed us off once again, i see no reason to ever return.
3	This is an ok place to eat at if you are staying in Paris and just want something to eat. There's really nothing spectacular about this place but it's just decent food if you don't want to leave your hotel. Definitely not somewhere you would come searching to eat at though.
3	Not that bad as other reviews. I ordered a tuna sandwich after I read all the negative reviews about their steak. Tuna is juicy enough and tasty good. However, I don't like their chicken noodle soup because it is way too salty...
4	Service was, as stated elsewhere, a little slow. We ended up here after the buffet was closed, and waited maybe 15 minutes to be seated. We went with the three course dinner for 40, and it was great! The iceberg salad was typical. I got the filet mignon, and it was fantastic. I got it with macaroni and cheese, and sauteed mushrooms as sides. They were also both fantastic. For dessert, cheesecake. It was good. My boyfriend got the French onion soup (he really liked it), the mixed grill (was amazing) with macaroni and potatoes (he also loved them), and chocolate cake (good). Overall, the entree was definitely the best part of the meal, but it was solid overall.
4	Best French onion soup I've had for years!
3	Pretty good experience overall. The wait was a little much for a Monday morning, but no where as long as all the rest. Bloody Mary's were pretty darn good, but lacked that real tomato-ey flavor I crave. I really enjoyed my corned beef hash, my partner enjoyed her oatmeal, dad liked his omelette and mom loved her quiche. We would definitely go back if given the opportunity even if it was a little on the pricey side(but what isn't anymore, in Vegas?).
4	After a morning full of sight seeing and window browsing, my family and I were ready to eat. We looked around and every food vender and restaurant had lines for days. We noticed a short line at this restaurant and decided to this would so. Turns out they hadn't opened for lunch yet but it was only a 15 minute wait, not too bad.After being seated, we were greeted by the most cheerful waiter I have ever met. I'm 97% sure his name was Dennis. I ordered the Salmon Burger, my mom got the Foie Gras Burger, Dad and brother ordered Beef Bourguignon, other brother got Steak Frites. As we were waiting, we were given bread. It was crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, my dad liked it so much he asked for more.I admit the wait for food was very long but rather than just being left at the table, Dennis was updating us very often and cracking jokes with us. I have to say that even though it's not very French, I enjoyed my salmon burger. It was tender and not the least bit dry. The dill mayo was on point. My moms Foie Gras burger was delicious, I've never thought of putting a slice of apple in a burger before but it was genius. The Beef Bourguignon was super tender and savory but my brother's Steak Frites was just alright.The dishes that stood out the most out of this meal were my the Foie Gras Burger and the Beef Bourguignon.All in all, if you're hungry and not picky, I suggest coming here. It's not the best place to go for French food, I mean, over half of the items are American. With decent food bit great service, I give four stars for our overall experience.
5	Had a lovely meal and one of the best waiters ever. If you're lucky enough to get Dennis, say "Hi" from Orange County!
1	Has nothing to do with a French cafe. Food is very low standard. Go to a fast food joint instead.
3	I really enjoyed the bread here. I went for lunch and ordered the 1/2 sandwich and salad. I had the caesar salad which was pretty good. The sandwich was tuna salad with tomato, hard boiled egg, red onions, and capers. I would say the sandwich was nothing out of this world but not terrible either. I probably would eat here again but most likely try something else. I did have a bite of my grandmothers croque madame. That I will say was very tasty.
1	Ate dinner here and it was okay. Food was okay but what really made me rate this place 1 star was that we waited 45 minutes after order for the food to come out and the place wasn't busy at all. The second problem was the service. I think our waiter went to break without telling us so we waited forever and asked another waiter if he could grab our check for us. He rudely replied that we weren't his table and walked away. Would not recommend unless you are out of options. EDIT: actually, if you're out of options, I still wouldn't eat here.
2	Food was adequate. Service was perfunctory. Prices ridiculous. I wouldn't go back.
1	Pretty cool looking restaurant giving you that outdoor cafe feel inside the Paris Casino.  That is about the only good thing I can say.  Service was slow.  Snail slow.  Food was less than adequate. I had better meals at fast food joints.  Meal was costly.  I guess you live and learn.  I will not return.
2	Liked it years ago, but it seems to be getting  worse as time goes on. At this point I don't think we will ever go back. The service is consistently bad and the food has really gone down hill. With all the dining options in Vegas, there is really no reason to waste any more money here.
2	Background: I went there for breakfast with friends on a Saturday morning. I had a pretty typical breakfast - eggs, sausage, toast, and a croissant.The good: The food was OK but not great. We were seated relatively quickly even though there was a line.The bad: The service was pretty horrible. It took them a while just to take our order. We finished our drinks well before breakfast arrived and nobody came by to offer any refills or to check on us. After a long wait, food did show up. They got my order wrong, however, so that required some fixing.Once we'd eaten, they brought the check, but didn't give us a pen to sign anything with. There was an iPod Touch embedded in the bill folder, but it seemed to serve no useful purpose as it could be turned on and unlocked, but had no applications installed. Perhaps it would have been useful if we had paid with a credit card.In any case, the food is nothing special and the service is pretty awful.
1	I do not recommend coming here for breakfast. The menu is over priced for terrible food. I had the scrambled eggs with bacon and wheat toast and my mother had the french toast. The food was luke warm to cold and wouldn't recommend either.
2	Service was a hot mess on a Wednesday evening. One man actually left. Another party kept trying to flag someone -- anyone -- down. Everyone was just looking at each other asking each other where the waitress was (I could hear them talk due to our proximity). And any night is probably like a weekend night in Vegas but it was Wednesday night.I stopped in for dessert and ordered the creme brulee based on the waitress' suggestion. I couldn't finish half of it. Something was just off with the custard. My dining friend had a tuna sandwich that had an actual thick cut of tuna. She didn't rave about it but said it was definitely passable. We quickly ate and left.The restaurant itself is cute because it looks out onto the casino rather than an enclosed space so it did feel like we were out on a French cafe, which is what everything here is like.
3	My plans needed to change. Wanted a steak for my birthday, but dinner plans took me to a show instead. That left lunch, and the elusive birthday steak... Read the menu at this cafe in the Paris Hotel, and it looked good.  Ordered the Steak Frites, a nice flat steak with french fries, a bearnaise and a bordelaise sauce accompaniment. Also ordered a mixed green salad....The service was good, attentive, and efficient. The bread came rather late, with nearly frozen butter, but worked around that faux pas.The salad was really good.The steak was on the tougher side, but cooked to perfection. It looked like a top sirloin, but semi-sliced before cooking to give it a pattern on top. It was okay, but not what I'd hoped for. The sauces it came with were weak and flavorless. Had to salt and pepper both of them just to get some taste on the steak. The bearnaise sauce was the weakest, and not the classical version. The bordelaise needed the salt the most, but was closest to what you'd expect in a classic French reduction sauce, but tasted jarred, or mass produced...not from the pan my steak was made in.Overall, the experience was okay, nothing to write home about. And with so many other Vegas options, can't see myself ever returning. I would recommend this place only if hungry, and currently at the Paris Hotel, and you don't mind the casino right there as you eat. Not worth a special trip for.
3	Decent breakfast joint located at the back of Paris. This place is often confused with Mon Ami Gabi located at the front of Paris. Get the savory crepes, they are delicious! I tried everyone else's food and it didn't compare. Service was really really slow. I mean snails pace. We ended up just putting our room number and charging it to the room on our check because the waiter would not come back to let us pay. The ambiance is that of a little cafe in Paris. If you can, request to sit "outside" amongst the casino. It's really cool how it has an outdoorsy feel and even has patio furniture. Super over priced for breakfast food if you ask me... Especially for the only so-so quality and service.
4	As a Las Vegas resident, I generally avoid restaurants on the Las Vegas strip both because local restaurants often offer better value and because of the traffic hassle. However, we needed to meet relatives who were staying at the Paris and had just experienced a 6 hour delayed flight. It seemed only courteous to meet them where they were staying after all of the travelling they had done. We made a reservation for seven people for 7:45pm on a Friday night, but apparently not a real busy Friday night. We arrived in three parties and thankfully were seated as we arrived. We ate "inside" rather than on the "outside" near the casino floor. This was a thankfully quiet place where we could all hear each other. The next plus was that the bread that was served was good chewy bread rolls, and unfortunately, freshly baked good bread is often not served in Las Vegas.Three of us had the peppercorn steak. One rated it 8 out of 10, I thought the sauce could have been more subtle; the third person liked the sauce. One of us had the French dip and declared it excellent. Two had the duck a la orange; one thought the duck too lean, another liked it. The person who ordered the beef in wine sauce liked it and the person who ordered the omlette said is was okay. Service was good, there was never a need to catch the waiter's eye. With one of us ordering an appetizer and no one rushing through dinner, the meal lasted an hour and a quarter. To me, when you get together with relatives from out of town the meal should be a leisurely occasion. I see the speed of service is a constant source of debate in Las Vegas dining. Some people want to get in out quickly, others like myself resent a waiter asking, "Are you still working on that, sir?" For me the restaurant served its purpose well: A nice quiet place to have a leisurely family meal with no one rushing us and reasonably good food and excellent service.
1	We originally wanted to go to Mon Abi Gabi, but the line was ridiculous and we didn't have a reservation.  Since all we really wanted to do was get a decent meal and then go out play some games (vs. standing in line), we decided to walk around and see what else there was.  Ran into this place with no line.  Probably a sign of what to expect, but we didn't care at this point.  They seated us right away.  Yay!  Menu wasn't that bad, but our waiter was horrible.  I asked him about some of the beers on the menu and he couldn't answer.  I then asked him if the beers were just light colored or dark colored and he said he didn't know.  Okay whatever, give me the french beer since this is supposed to be a french establishment.  Also asked him a few other questions about the menu such as, "what's one of the popular items?"  He just kept pointing us to the specials.  Well I actually ended up ordering the special.  That night it was something along the lines of 'american in paris.'  How bad could it be?  Ribeye.  How can you mess that up?  Well I guess if the cow that it comes from is low grade ghetto, then I guess its not gonna taste that good.  I felt like I was eating a steak and eggs meal at Denny's.  It was bad.  Meal also came with 2 sides.  I ordered a baked potato and the creamed spinach.  The creamed spinach was actually pretty good, but the baked potato that came out was mac n cheese (dude got the order wrong).  I didn't care and ate the mac n cheese anyways cause I was hungry and I was fine with it.  It wasn't bad, wasn't the best either.  The ribeye killed it though.  I could have gotten a better ribeye anywhere else (maybe even Denny's).  The French Onion Soup was pretty good.  Or maybe it was the first thing I ate there and I was super hungry.  I couldn't tell.  All in all, mediocre establishment and horrendous service.  I would save your time and money and get some crepes across the walkway there.  Or if you had more patience than us, wait in line at Mon Abi Gabi.
4	I went out to breakfast with my parents a few days ago. Our server was friendly and we had an overall good experience. My mom and I ordered two separate dishes but split both between each other. I ordered the omelette with Swiss cheese, grilled red onion and spinach and sour dough toast. It also came with breakfast potatoes. That was my favorite of the two. She ordered the vanilla bean French toast. We heard from someone in line and our server that it was some of the best French toast around..it was pretty tasty but I've had better. They did have a decent amount of vegetarian options! My dad ordered the corned beef hash with over easy eggs and sour dough toast. He asked for a side of the fingerling potatoes too. Those were good!!
5	The best service in years!  Sweet Ofelia was our server.  She was so kind to my sister who was not feeling well.  That goes a long way with me.  As far as food goes, it was nice to see something other than a Caesar salad offering for vegetarians.  I had the spinach artichoke dip.  Best I have ever had in my life!  And the pita bread was beyond amazing.  Ofelia made my sick sister's birthday the best it could be.  She deserves a huge raise.
3	The bread served before the meal was hard as rocks; we came here after midnight so maybe it was day end bread. The spinach salad however, was amazing.
1	Service was terrible.  Our waitress barely paid any attention to us. By the time it took us to get our appetizer, there was a table that had come and gone.  My friend had to get up and talk to a manager just to get some service.
3	Highlights/lowlights1) large breakfast menu2) fast service3) not something to go out of your way for but a convenient breakfast spot if you are staying at the Paris HotelI am torn between 3 and 4 stars here. I don't think le cafe is meant to be a breakfast "destination" more so something that is quick and easy if you are staying at the Paris hotel. I ate here at 8am on a Saturday and was seated with my co-worker right away (inside seating). We were asked if we wanted coffee/OJ right away and it arrived promptly. Our server came over shortly after and while not super friendly, was able to set me up with some scrambled egg whites and fruit (not on their normal menu). My co-worker got a waffle that looked (and supposedly tasted) delicious! Overall, probably not somewhere you should go out of your way for but a pretty good breakfast spot if you are staying close by.
3	Best spot in the house, casino view AND shops/themed view. Problem was the food was quite aweful. French onion soup, the filet migon and even spinach was bad. The only had one seasoning, lots and lots and lots of salt.
5	The most amazing food I have ever eaten in Las vegas. The house salad dressing blows my mind it's so delicious. The filet mignon was perfect. The mashed potatoes are out of this world. The chocolate layer cake gave me a foodgasm. You must go here and have the dinner special for 39 well worth every penny.
1	Totally disappointing.  Go to Mon Ami Gabi on the other side of the casino floor if you want french bistro type of food.  The savory crepe I had here was dry and tasteless, while the one at Mon Ami Gabi was excellent.  Service was a bummer too.  Our waiter was inattentive and grumpy.
2	Came here last weekend during a birthday trip to vegas. Stopped in looking for somewhere the family and I could grab a quick bite before heading out to gamble. It was anything but quick. We did not see our first bowl of soup until an hour and a half after we arrived. And we all ordered about 10 minutes after we were seated. However, we did have a pretty large party of about 12 people so we expected things might be a little longer of a wait. After waiting a little over two and a half hours we finally got food. Which sucked by the way. The only good thing was the French onion soup. In the end we met one manager that offered to buy a round of drinks for the table - SAL was amazing and attended to us better than our own server and even another manager we spoke to earlier in the night.
4	A colleague attend a conference at Paris hotel every year, and usually find ourselves here for at least one meal as we did again this year.  There was a line, but they got us in fairly quickly.  Even though the restaurant looked pretty full, the service was fast and attentive.  My friend had the cheeseburger, which looked tasty and she said it was.  I had an omelet, which I had no complaints about.  This is great place to go when you want a restaurant atmosphere, but haven't made a reservation anywhere in advance, and at the end of a long day, don't want to leave the hotel to find something.  For where it is and what it is, it fills the bill.
5	First time eating here with the boyfriend in one of our many trips to Vegas - I have to say that we were not disappointed. Portions are quite large and we were given excellent service by Oscar. He was on top of all our requests and always sent another refill of out sodas before they were empty - that's my benchmark of knowing a good waiter from a great one. Given that everything in Vegas is quite expensive, I felt like we got the most out of our money based on the portions and quality of food. Will definitely come back again. :)
4	The service is not spectacular here (based on this experience and one prior experience by my table mates), but it isn't horrendous, either. Regardless of the service, I was extremely pleased with the food and the atmosphere. I would say it is the best value restaurant in Paris, especially if they have a three course meal special going on. I would choose this restaurant over The Sugar Factory any day (even taking into account the view Sugar Factory has), especially considering the cost difference between the two is negligible.
1	The food was not even mediocre. It was quite terrible. The service for ok - nothing great - the only person I actually wanted to pay was the busboy. Ordered a burger - medium well - bland - burnt. My friend ordered the turkey wraps and French onion soup - and was so sick the entire night - I would normally say it potentially could not have been the  food but that's all we had eaten the entire day. Avoid it. Paris needs to up its game.  Food is a big thing to a lot of people.  It could make a place ior break it. Dissappointed. Should have stayed at the Bellagio instead
5	Best service ever! Sal was very helpful accommodating our big group even though they were closing in 10 minutes. Food was great! Will come back when I'm in Vegas!
1	I think it's sad that I'm writing a one star review about a restaurant on the strip. I don't write these often, but this just goes to show the level of frustaration I had during our visit here. I honestly had high hopes just because of the layout and facade of the restaurant, and I personally love cafes that are "outdoor".Food: Food was mediocre. As far the variety on the menu, there wasn't much. We were there clearly for breakfast, but by the time our waitress Elvia came to our table, we asked if we could also see a lunch menu. There were five of us in our party so some of us ordered and shared our meals. I had the Corned Beef Hash, which wasn't bad, but I felt like the food was on the colder side. Our other companions also mentioned their fries were cold. My other friend who ordered the Foie Gras Burger said he wasn't too happy with his burger patty and his fries were also cold. Environment/Ambiance: The cafe really added to the Paris theme of the hotel. There was a lot of seating indoor and even in the outdoor aspect part of the cafe. We requested there to be seated outdoors. Because the restaurant is part of the casino floor, it tends to be on the louder side. What made it even louder was that they were playing the World Cup on various televisions around the casino, including the restaurant. Service: For a restaurant on the strip, I expected better. When we were seated we waited a long time for someone to even offer us drinks. We noticed that although our table of five was in the middle of the outdoor seating area, no one could figure out who was waiting our table. We saw numerous times when the servers, hostess, and what looked like the manager kept talking about our table. We watched as other smaller tables were seated and attended to quickly. I was particularly hungry this day and I was not in the mood to be ignored especially when there were so many people around us enjoying their dining experience. It almost came to the point where we were looking for a manager to complain to. To our dismay, most of the workers around us were staring at the television to watch the game. I was particularly annoyed at the fact that we still had not been even asked about our drinks. One of the hostesses came out and apologized and said our server was coming out shortly...which was completely incorrect. By the time our server arrived, she seemed way too distracted to even welcome us to the restaurant. I was appalled when she came to the table and said "Hello, I'll be your server today" and then immediately walked away from the table to start collecting checks. Things like this happened with this particular server a few times. By the time our food was eventually served, another waitress took over our table. We had no idea that they switched servers on us. I'm not sure when this took place, but it may have had something to do with our food being pretty cold. I don't know if someone forgot to run our food, but at this point I was already very unhappy with our overall experience.Tips: I honestly have nothing good to say about this dining experience. Sure, this was a restaurant on the strip, and it looks like a good place to dine, but the service aspect really killed it. I'm pretty sure I won't be dining here ever again.
2	Fancy french food, decent atmosphere, insanely high prices. If you sit out on the "porch" you can do a lot of people watching. That's about it. Not bad, but I wouldn't go back because the food was good but not worth the price or atmosphere.
5	We just had our wedding reception at le Cafe, and it was an EXCELLENT experience.  Sal Cavalcante was the manager on duty, and he made sure that our party was well taken care of.  The chef Adam, did an excellent job with the food, and Sal's team with the service..... Will definitely go back!
4	I had an excellent time at this cafe in the Paris hotel. Sal was very accommodating. My heel was hurting and I asked if he had a bandaid in which he returned with 6 bandaids. The mojitos were also delicious and the food was excellent. My friend and I had a great time. I must go here again in my next trip to Vegas!
4	My husband and I had a 3 course set dinner last night. We were a bit worried because of some bad reviews. But we still gave it a shot and try, and the food turned out to be delicious to us. We got French onion soup as appetizer, and then prime rib as entree. We chose chocolate layered cake as dessert. We liked all of them. The onion soup tasted really good, we liked that they don't put much black pepper (or probably none) to over-power the taste of onion. But if you like black pepper, then probably you won't like it though we liked it. The prime rib was good, it came in good size, they said it was 12 oz and we think so too. It would be even better if they have fresh horseradish, but we were satisfied enough with the quality of prime rib though there was only creamed horseradish. We got to choose 2 sides with the entree. I chose Yukon whipped potato and French fries, while my husband chose baked potato and creamed spinach. I liked the Yukon whipped potato a lot. French fries was over burned though. I didn't make a big deal about it because I had pretty enough to eat already. My husband thought his sides were okay, not bad but not wow either. Both of our rib eyes came out with the correct doneness we asked for. At the end when dessert came, we liked the layered chocolate cake a lot too. I think it is pretty safe to go for the set dinner. We don't know how it would be if we were to order items off the regular menu.  If we go back in the future, we probably will do set dinner again because it was good priced and portion is just right.
4	Been eating here regularly since the resort opened back in 1999. I can't remember a time where I had any trouble except for when service might have been a tad slow with a waiter named Bill while they were really busy, but that was a few years ago. I've never had to wait in line to be seated with a Diamond Total Rewards card (Caesars Entertainment player's card), and they usually take our order and serve us first before other regular patrons. They also give a $1 discount on almost all (if not all) items with your Total Rewards card regardless of level/status. Food is average to above average and it's always comped, so I can't complain.
2	The menu looked enticing, but in the end it was not worth the price. The service was terrible, and the food over all mildly decent at best.  The Cobb salad was actually pretty gross. The free bread was definitely the highlight. There are much better choices in Vegas.
5	Corn beef hash-this came in a huge bowl. The corn beef wasn't too salty and the entire dish was flavorful and crisp. There was a ton of corn beef but the corn beef and potatoes ratio was perfect.2 eggs, sausage,breakfast potatoes- pretty standard. Both come with bottomless coffee and delicious French bread.The waiter was exceptional, we felt like we were at a high class restaurant without the high prices.
1	In the evening of March 19 around 9pm, 3 of us went to dine at this restaurant.  We set outside. The waiter was awful, plain rude. On top of that, we waited for 40 minutes for our food (we did not order red meat, so there was no excuse for long preparation time). We were tired of waiting, we let the manager know that the service , as well as the wait time was unacceptable. We walked out and left. The manager apologized. This is my experience. You decide for yourself.
1	March 19 around 9pm...My friend also wrote his review here but i would like to add more.We just ordered SALAD and Sandwich....waiter (Bold guy with beard) never came to us with any updates and we have been waiting for 40 min...are you serious??? I went and complain to manager he was very nice to us. I told him that we are not willing to wait more and we are leaving...Not going there again!!! Awful place!!!
5	The service here was fantastic! Two of us went with three course dinner special. The French onion soup was super yummy. The filet was decent. A little chewy. We had Mac and cheese and cream of spinach for our sides. Both were delicious. The cheesecake was very yummy!There was plenty and plenty of food! The bread was yummy!Our waiters were fabulous! They were charming and helpful!My aunt and sister got salads. They really annoyed them. I think a restaurant is fantastic if they serve anchovies with their Caesar salad. And they did!!
5	Excellent service and $20 for a 3 course salmon entree lunch was fantastic! Everything very fresh buttery and delicious . Cheers!
2	The dining experience wasn't the best.  Our waitress seemed like she hated her job when she approached us for our order. She didn't greet us but rather just said "are you guys ready?" with a face. I had a salmon burger and it was just okay. There was nothing special about it. I wouldn't ever come back unless I had vouchers for the place. (But probably the last place I'd pick using the voucher provided by the hotel)
4	Had the prix fixe lunch offering which was nicely turned out in the form of a caesar and roasted chicken or a french onion soup with a croque monsieur followed by a napoleon.  All of the offerings were solidly tasty and the service was excellent - friendliest in VegasAt $20 per person, this is also one of the higher values in Vegas
5	I don't see why this restaurant  gets a  2 1/2 star. In my opinion, it was one of the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas. My friend and I ordered escargot to share. It was our first time trying it.  It was soooo good. I would eat it again. I ordered the rotisserie chicken and my friend got the steak. The chicken was juicy and delicious. My friend said the steak was juicy. Service was good, so was the food. I will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We had the lunch menu and it was great .I am sure I will be back next time in Vegas .
3	I have been staying in the Paris a lot this year, due to work requiring me to visit Las Vegas.  The food at this place is always satisfying, and it is easy for your friends to find you when you sit in their little "courtyard."  The prices are not over the top either, which is nice. The problem I have?  Service.  When my coworkers and I gather for breakfast, we constantly run out of coffee, and our waters sit empty.  This may not be a huge deal, but if you were up playing the tables, and you know you have a full day of work coming up, coffee is crucial, as is water.  It seems this problem carries over, as I went for lunch last time, and drinks also sat empty, and the process of getting a check was excruciating.  I would like to give a higher rating, I really would, because I enjoy your food, and you offer something for whatever mood I am in.  I cannot, however, bring myself to not take service into account.
5	Hmm .. I dunno why the reviews are so poopy here . I had a great experience!We had the seven falls red wine, which I thought was good .. And the waiter was polite and poured our first tastes for us and then watched while we accepted the wine and then poured full glasses. And there was free twisty good looking bread!! The first batch was obviously not fresh, but the second batch was so warm and soft and obviously straight from the oven .. I ordered a rare ahi tuna burger which was good when I put all my coleslaw in it. Such a nice tangy flavor contrast! I also tried some of the salmon from another's entree and thought it was delicious. compared to food at other las vegas places, I thought the pricing here was very acceptable for the quality and service ..... and the faux-outdoor atmosphere is nice too !!
5	Came here looking for a good meal, for a reasonable price. What we got, was a great dining experience! My wife and I are always in search of good food, since recently moving to Vegas about a year ago. From the moment we walked it, we were greeted kindly, and got a great table location, within 5 minutes (Tues night 9pm). Our server Antoun, was awesome, and provided great customer service. My wife had prime rib, and I had the ribeye, both cooked to perfection! I really came for the escargot....and it was amazing!!! I almost had it for dessert, it was that good! Cheesecake came with our meal, which was yummy too. Our drinks were delish as well. I highly recommend the Chardonnay, by William Hill!!!. When we got the bill, we were pleasantly surprised that it was barely over $100! Remember, we each had the four course meal, escargot app, drinks, and dessert.....at a French restaurant!!! Magnifique!!!
3	It was a fine place to dine :) I had the duck and my boyfriend had the salmon.   Nice size portions.  Great location in the Paris.  Nice for people watching.  They need to warm up the butter for the bread though!
5	Every year we attend a Facial Plastic Surgery Conference in Las Vegas and we always have made a trip to this restaurant for the surf and turf. This year not only did the food exceed our expectations, the customer service was among the best I have ever had. We had the pleasure of meeting the manager Sal and he was far from the typical manager who comes around to check on his guests. We have all heard the saying "when your here your family" well Sal brought that saying to reality and made an average night out to dinner an extraordinary one. We will be back Sal for and we thank you for such a great experience.
5	I was incredibly hesitant to dine here to be perfectly honest. The reviews aren't that great and I had not heard anything from people I know personally. Thank you George and manager Sal for making our Saturday night amazing. Our waiter, George, was not only incredibly informative about the menu and my selection but he made the entire dining experience one to remember. He was personable and hilarious to boot. Sal, the manager came over and was very nice. He asked how out experience was and how the service was and we expressed it was great. We now have a go to dinner place for when we come out (which is usually bimonthly).Go go go!! You will not regret it!
2	The food was good and has a nice atmosphere but the service was bad.  No one was at the entrance to greet and seat you, when I was seat no one came to my table.  No water, no bread, no waiter.   When the waiter came, he was very nice but the process was slow. Long wait between bread and meal. No one notice I was finished eating. The entire experience was tainted. Too bad.
2	We have been here for breakfast and dinner (x2).  Who your server team is makes a difference!  Alfredo was excellent. His team was attentive and on the spot for service. I forget my breakfast team but she was amazing.  For our second dinner, Rey and Wilson seemed distracted and overworked! I suspect they are good, however we felt ignored and our plates stayed on our table way to long after we were done. Rey seems nice and tried to make up for it, however a little to late.  Food took way to long!Food was good, make sure they know that you want your meat medium rare not medium.Cheesecake came with the special... Delicious!
5	Had the special. All of it was good.  Great value for the quality/price.  All fresh. Had a wedge salad, rib eye (cooked perfectly medium); and berries for desert. I'll definitely come back
4	We have been coming here for years for breakfast and the occasional lunch. French toast and omelets are good.
4	This is our daily breakfast stop when we stay at Paris.  Usually able to get a seat with minimal wait.  We love to sit "outside" looking at the casino action.  The service has always been great. Our favorite is Felipe, we request him when we can.  All in all a great start to a day of walking, shopping or gambling.  Make sure to get your rewards card at the start of your stay for added discounts.
2	Horrible service. Sooooooo slow!!!! We sat out on the patio and all the tables were full with only 3 waiters. We waited for the server to come take our order for like 10 mins after we sat, then 30 mins for our food! My dad ordered a drink and the drink took about 15 mins to get to him, when there is a bar right next to the patio. When we got our food it was a little cold, like it was sitting in the kitchen ready to be served for a while. The server was nice and very tentative, but I feel that it is under staffed. Also, there was only 1 buss boy cleaning tables/serving drinks. This has been an issue every time we go, breakfast lunch or dinner. The food is good with good prices, but the service is very slow.
1	In a nutshell, the biggest dining disappointment of our trip. I'll make this brief: The service was horrible, the selections from the menu were appallingly small, and the silverware was filthy. In the Paris Hotel of all places! I asked for Beschemel and the server looked at me quizzically and stated, "Uh, I don't think so, but we have Cholula and Tapatio if you want."  Why the f@#k would I want hot sauce in stead of Beschemel? That's like asking for gravy and being offered hot wing sauce. WTF?I ordered up an omelette that had to be sent back twice because it looked like it was made of burlap. The manager said they had a new cook, but you'd think a cook in Vegas could handle an omelette. They had no French Vanilla creamer for coffee (mind you, this is in the Paris.)They're lucky I can't give them no stars.
4	A very pleasant place to have a nice meal.Came here for lunch and had a very pleasant experience, went with the preset menu and found it very reasonable. We had the French Onion Soup for the appetizer and I had the Salmon Filet with Asparagus on mashed potatoes and the wifey had the Croque Monsieur (Ham and Cheese) and they were both Deelish! For Dessert we both had the Napolean and it was outstanding. The French Bread and Butter as the starter was amazing too as I just love good bread and butter. Our server was polite and very attentive and overall it was a great lunch experience!The outdoor patio dining area is really neat too athe only thing I cannot understand is the 2.5 star rating of this place!We will definitely be back
2	This place is a joke. Slow service cold food and it's like they took courses in airline catering out back. Beware. 5 star raters are from Midwest
1	I had a valid online dinner reservation(I showed her the email and everything) for 4 with my wife and her parents and they flat out declined it on new years eve night, enough said.
1	Our family of 5 ate dinner at Cafe St. Louis on 12/22/2014 at 7:00 p.m.Dinner was lousy.  Spent $94.32 for a dinner of basically hamburgers.  Husband's salad was drenched in dressing. My croque madam was the worst.  Served at room temperature, cheese was no longer melty but had solidified.  It was served with a fried egg on top. The egg was only slightly cooked.  The egg yolk had clear egg white that was completely uncooked. Disgusting.  The egg was probably fried for 60 seconds on griddle.  The french fries on the side were only room temperature.  One of kid's burgers tasted burned.  All the fries were mentioned as not being hot.  Something so easy as hot/warm french fries can't be accomplished?  Really?
5	The wifey and me made it here after reviewing it on Yelp and the fact that they had a fixed lunch menu for $ 23 per head did help a bit.  We booked a table thru OpenTable and got it right away.What a great place this turned out to be, we were pleasantly greeted on arrival and in spite of it being quite busy we managed to get a seating outdoors lol!We were served promptly and politely and being famished we devoured the French Bread and Butter and it was divine!We both started with the French Onion Soup (Heavenly) and the wife ordered the Croque Monsieur and I ordered the Salmon with Asparagus served on Mash Potatoes!  Both our dishes were Deeelish and to top it off we both indulged in the Napolean for dessert and I must say that too was amazing!This was definitely one of the best French lunches we have ever had!Will definitely be back...this place should be at least 4.5 stars!!
2	Works in a pinch because they're open 24 hours, but it should be a last resort type of option. If you have exhausted all other choices, if nothing is open, if you are unable to walk across the street to get a slice of pizza, or if you are generally afraid of the dark, then and only then, should you have a meal here.I'm guilty of eating here a few times cause I can skip the line with my player's status and I'm lazy. But food is pricey for what you get and they can't cook a steak properly.  I will say the bread service is the best part, but that's not a good thing.I'm not even gonna lie, I'll probably eat here again.  Probably a few times.  But I'll live with the crap, and feel good about it. Thanks, Coach Ditka.
5	I'm a die hard Paris fan. It's by far my favorite hotel. So even though I've never stayed there (right??!!), I come to this cafe every time I'm in Vegas. Which is often. They always have a special called The American. I always order it. Steak, salad, 2 sides and dessert....for $39. Wait. What? Yup. And it's effing delicious. Totally worth the walk or cab ride.
