5	This place has the most unique collection of glass art I've seen.  I especially liked the outer space paperweights.  Different astronomical bodies captured in a glass ball for us to enjoy.  They also have a great collection of kitchen ware which probably would never get used because it's too beautiful.  The jewelry should get a store all it's own.  There is something here for everyone and the best part is that it's simple beauty.  There not very many elaborate pieces, most of them are just small, simple, well designed and beautiful.  So check this place out and you won't be disappointed.
2	Though it's right near Sophie's Gallery, Maddi's Gallery is nothing like Sophie's, though it's still worth checking out, especially if you have some time to kill while sipping coffee in the Dilworth area. While there is some local art on sale here (the type of art you'd think of when you think of a gallery--paintings, sculptures, prints, that sorta thing), Maddi's features a lot of different products on sale: jewelry, crafts and those kinda objects. Definitely a relaxed, lighthearted feel here, so it's really unlike a lot of other galleries you'll find in Charlotte. It's almost immature, though I don't mean that in bad way. Kids might get a particular kick out of this place, now that I think about it.
3	If you visit Maddi's Gallery expecting high end oils and abstract expressionist works of Serious Art, you'll doubtless be disappointed. Maddi's is really a craft gallery at heart, with an emphasis on whimsy, craftsmanship, and  "outsider-style" art. I use quotes here, since I have not seen any examples of true outsider art here, but lots of colorful primitive work that is certain to brighten any room. Maddi's most serious collections are in glass, and they have some wonderful pieces of studio art glass. I have seen some "big name" artists such as Chihuly and Tagliapietra here, but mostly they feature some "mid-range" artists, such as Peter Ridabock or Robert Eickholt. Make no mistake, however, this original work does not come cheap, so if you go to Maddi's expecting to pay for home decor, you'll be frustrated with the high prices.My only real complaint about Maddi's is the often snooty  service- or lack of service- given to shoppers. Colorful, whimsical, fun merchandise almost screams to be touched, so contrasted with the chilly staff, an outing to Maddi's can seem a little jarring. It's a fun place to browse, though, and if you're a serious collector of studio art glass, it's a must-do.
5	Maddi's is a great gallery that carries some of the best folk artists in the US in addition their jewelry can not be beat. It is always a treat to walk into their doors and see the latest additions to this great and fun gallery
