4	This was an excellent event overall, and offered a large variety of food from corn dogs to venison, entertainment, and carnival rides.  But I can't award it Yelp's highest rating because I found two long hairs in my crab cake sandwich from Devilicious (Ugh!); the stage entertainment during the day on Sunday, when I was there, was okay but not close to the level of featured performers at other Las Vegas food festivals I have previously attended, like Zowie Bowie, Frankie Moreno, and Lani Misalucha; and although a Farmer's Market was advertised and on the venue map, there was none to be found anywhere on the festival grounds.Other than those miscues, Diane and I enjoyed eating our way through the festival over a 3-hour period.  I appreciated the covered dining tent.  The sound system was loud enough for performers to be heard a long distance from the stage.  And, the amount of available food choices was almost overwhelming, and all of the offerings we sampled very tasty.  Devilicious ran out of poached lobster for its very popular Poached Lobster Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Sunday at 2:15 p.m. on my order.  It figures!  Diane was the last person to get one.  But, if that is the worst thing that happens to me this week, I will consider myself fortunate.  And, the All Crab Crab Cake Sandwich that was substituted for me at no charge after the $12 already paid for a second Lobster Grilled Cheese was refunded.  Diane was kind enough to allow me two bites of her Lobster Cheese, and they were delicious bites!  And, other than the alien hairs, the All Crab Crab Cake Sandwich, prepared with a tomato slice, lettuce, red onion, white onion, and a sunny-side up lightly fried egg inside an English muffin, also was an excellent concoction.  It had a slight kick to it, as a crab cake should; and to my surprise the egg yolk that had just begun to melt all over the other interior contents really added to the tastiness of the sandwich.  Truffle French Fries with Parmesan splinters--also prepared by Devilicious--were very good but not earth shattering.I enjoyed excellent lightly battered Fried Pickle slices from The Rusty Pickle with a nice mild and smooth pink remoulade.  Then a woman seated next to me told me that if I really wanted to try a great fried pickle I should go to The Redneck Kitchen food truck nearby.  So, I did.Here, I received three more heavily battered Deep-fried Irish Pickle Spears, which I enjoyed with a good smooth and mild white remoulade.  My first thought upon seeing the three fairly thin spears was "This is all I get for $3?!"  But they turned out to be very filling and delicious.  And the winner of the Fried Pickle Throwdown was?THE DEEP-FRIED IRISH PICKLE SPEARS FROM THE REDNECK KITCHEN!  The working staff inside The Redneck Kitchen food truck also scored extra points with me by calling me to the window early, and handing over the $4 change I forgot to accept when I ordered my pickle spears.  It is not the first time I have exhibited tendencies to be an absent-minded professor!Before we left the festival grounds, to get better refreshed in the wickedly hot sun Diane and I got a Two-Big-Fat-Scoops cup of ice cream from the Fat Daddy's food truck.  The large scoop of Rocky Road Ice Cream was smooth and creamy, and chockfull of nuts and large pieces of marshmallow.  Although not very creamy, the equally large scoop of Butter Pecan Ice Cream contained tasty pecans.   I look forward to returning to future renditions of this fine new food festival!
4	Ok so you are telling me there is one place I can go to and have access to all the best street food found in and around Vegas? Oh, Im so there!I actually almost forgot about it as I was going to goto a beer festival on the other side of town. My GF reminded me and we were there.It was crazy crowded on Saturday night. Lines were long but for us every second was worth the wait when we got to the front of the lines. We were prepared and always managed to get the best things on the menu.The redneck cafe had something Chocolate pork balls at the red neck truck I was kind of disappointed weren't testicles but instead a delicious chocolate Carmel oat meal and peanut butter concoction. Simply wonderfulAt the white rabbit we sampled some tacos we had four different kinds all with their own taste and niche but all great in there own right. They were selling some cookie treat and I thought Id save them for later but they melted in my pocket (didnt stop me from trying them later). Id say they needed to freeze those for events like this.There was exotic meats but nothing I hadnt already tried and my GF was having nothing from that truck. They were selling roasted corn right next door  and it was wonderfull, I wish mine came out like that at home. Fukuburger truck! Its a must try anytime you see it. The number 1 is a simple, light flavorful burger and with all respect to my favorite Burger joint in Omaha is one of the best burgers Ive ever had. The Number 4 was good but couldnt compare to the #1. Be prepared with a funny name. Hint hint make something embarrassing up like "I wear a tutu" or "I cant please a women" and watch the delivery guy get flustered and the crowd howel with laughter. It makes the 20 min wait fly by.The Rusty Pickle was there serving sliced fried pickles and I love those so much more than the spears. The breading was light flavorful and mixed well with the pickle flavor. I dont like sauces and was surprised how much I liked there sauce. Well done!Tasty bunz was great. No real surprises there; Sugary sweet heaven at the fair. Sin city bakery was sweet greatness on a stick. I spent a lot of time there talking to the father of the owner who liked my Cubs shirt. They make baked goods and like the Cubs? They get my business every time.I hit almost every booth over two days spent close to $200 on food and another $50 at the fair and my only complaint/suggestion would be to have the trucks make smaller portions. That would ensure a casual eater would be able to try a little of everything without making it a two day event or costing them a huge chunck of change.I just thought of something foe Yelp. It would be nice if you/yelp provided an app where you could check in at the out of state trucks when they were here or even to check into all of the individual trucks at once. I started doing them individually and gave up after the 5th one. I cant wait till next time!
5	I have been to many festivals in the valley, and this is one on the rise. A great concept & experience that fulfilled my expectations. There were so many food vendors & food trucks that were considered to be the "best of the best" My decisions on what to eat had me feeling like a true king picking out his meal. The amazing performances on the main stage just added to the experience. Can't wait for the next one!
4	The 1st Annual Las Vegas Foodie Fest at the Silverton was a hit for us...especially since we went three times during this weekend event!We arrived on Saturday around 12:30 and saw a line along the main entrance.  Complaints posted on Yelp mentioned that they hadn't let guests in at their supposed 12 noon opening time.  I was smart enough to check to see if there was a prepaid line and there was!  Score!  The very short and no wait line on the left was for those with advanced purchased tickets!  So no wait for us in the hot sun!  Of course, it would have made a lot of people's lives easier if this was posted for all to see.  After a quick survey of the 30+ trucks, we had an idea of what we wanted.* Devilicious from San DiegoButter poached lobster grilled cheese sandwich ($12) - Good stuff, I mean really good stuff! We were loving it all with the chunky lobster pieces, tomatoes, and onions.Truffled fries ($4) - Couldn't really smell or taste any truffle unfortunately and the parmesan cheese put on top just kinda sat there, didn't melt or anything.* Vizzi from Paramount, CAVizzi duo of Yustin chili and truffled mac n cheese ($10) - The Husband was loving their Venison chili and the mac n cheese was of the creamy variety than baked, which I prefer.  Subtle hints of truffle were present.Dirty polenta ($4) took the longest and it was a major disappointment.  Cold and just blah.  They accepted credit cards which was great!* Great Bao from Las Vegas, NVPork belly bao (3 for $10) - The crispy skin, the fatty morsels, it's all good!Roast duck bao - Tasty skin as well!Chicken skewer - Three ground chicken balls and vegetables.  Although it didn't lack flavor and it wasn't dry, it was still a bit pricy for $3.50.We returned later on that evening for more Devilicious but they had closed up! So...* Vizzi from Paramount, CAVenison burger - It came with a supposedly aioli that kinda hooks you when you read the description, but you couldn't taste any of it.  It's a thick burger patty, but it could have used more sauce or aioli.  It came with sprinkling of their truffled popcorn.I was craving some fries and made the crazy decision to order a plate of curly fries from the carnival side for $5.  Let's just say I got my money's worth, but there was definitely a lot of oil present!On Sunday, it looked like there was a bigger turnout with no lines this time to enter!* Devilicious from San Diego, CARound two with the Butter poached lobster grilled cheese sandwich!  It was still good, but it didn't have as much lobster as it did the day before. =(Strawberry Cheesecake-wich - Sourdough bread, strawberries, brie, powdered sugar.  It sounds a lot better and it was just okay.* Snow Ono Shaved Ice from Las Vegas, NVWe can never pass up their shaved ice.  Looks like prices went up $1...either for this event or permanently, not sure.  But we love them nonetheless! Yum yum!We also saw turkey legs being sold by this Exotic Meat vendor.  Bad choice all around! Dry dry dry!  Our mistake!This food truck event was different since there was an entrance fee.  I'm sure this deterred a lot of people since the food being sold by the truck wasn't on the cheap end.  Tickets cost $10 at the event or you could get them for $4-$5 plus processing fee online.  Yes, part of the proceeds went to the Three Square Food Bank.  There were also portable toilets to use - some very dirty ones (I heard) or you could pony up $1 to use the nice ones (Flush for a Cause).  Or you can enjoy some air conditioning and visit the Silverton and/or the Bass Pro Shops and use their toilets too!  Some trucks were present Saturday but not there on Sunday and vice versa.  There was a lot entertainment going on...it seems like there was a constant flow of entertainment actually.  Set up on Saturday morning wasn't too great - they added more tables and chairs as the day went on and there definitely needed to be more garbage cans and some recycling bins!  Suggestions for next year - set up on time!  More covered areas for eating!
4	Can't wait for the next one!I like this event because I can't keep up with where our local food trucks are sometimes, but want a chance to try their food! It was a bit hot that Sunday when I got there, but I walked and scoped it out!What I ate:Barby slider from Slidin' ThruSticky Nanas from Tasty BunzVegas Peach Party from Fluff IceThese were the trucks that had the biggest crowd when I arrived. I know why. All my food were good and definitely want to try more. I think I'll Twitter these trucks like the rest of the world to see where they park. The Fluff Ice is from CA, so I wanted to see what the refreshing concoction hype was about. It was interesting, not shaved ice, not ice cream. Not my cup of tea, but definitely felt good on that hot day!I wanted to try some Great Bao or Pick Your Poison cupcakes, but didn't see these. Maybe next food truck fest!
5	Come hungry! Buy the wristband cuz you'll be craving this food.
5	Eating my way through the Foodie Fest - The highlights for now:Fri Night - Parked in garage parking which is closer to the main entrance to the festival. Got my wristband which is good for 3 days...only thing is I have to wear this bright orange thing the whole weekend, cant take it off and they stress that when you buy it. One day $8 entry fee is worth it. Lots of food both from trucks and vendors, entertainment will keep you busy for the day.Bring Cash - Cant stress that enough. Some food trucks only accept cash. There is an ATM machine by front entrance.  (White Rabbit, Truck Norris are some trucks that accept cash only)Dining Area - You'll hear where it's at.  Live bands at night. It was 70's theme for Friday night.  Saturday will have 80's and Sunday 90's theme.Tables are bussed constantly and garbage cans were emptied right away too. So there never was any garbage anywhereYelp Elite Lounge - located back corner left by Just Rollin' truck...stop by and say hi, have some mints, stickers or chill out on the red sofas.... and if some girl wearing a leopard scarf says there's a charge of $1 to get in don't believe her. ..lol..Non Elite Yelpers all you need to do is check in on your app to gain 1 free entry Food Trucks - Soooo many! We did a quick walk through and decided which Food trucks we want to try. Some trucks had menu board displays in front of their trucks. So far these are our favorites!Just Rollin's  Longanisa fries - cooked to order fries topped with sweet longanisa (a sausage/linguisa Filipino style) Slap Yo Mama's take on Monte Cristos ..the Snoop Dogg Cristos!! (Snoop Dogg created it!) - Waffles, fried chicken, macNcheese sandwich deep fried in batter and drizzled with powdered sugar and topped with maple syrup. Oh yeah!White Rabbit Truck- Ordered the Rice bowl Combo (entree,side and drink $12)...great deal! Beef Steak (aka Filipino Bistek) and side a mini Pork Sig Sig taco.Snow Ono Shave Ice - This is the last month for Snow Ono. Sad to hear they are  retiring in a few weeks. So get your shave ice fix here. The best ice and just as good if not better than the one sold on the islands! The small size is pretty big! Okay that's it so far! It's food trucks galore, you are bound to find the type of cuisine you like, so come starving. Lines weren't long at all this evening and wait times for food was fairly short.
5	If they had this every day i would weigh 500 lbs. So much time so little choices.  Strike that, reverse it   40 food trucks 8.00 admission.  12 if you want to go all 3 days. of course we had to try nonnas kitchen.  The meatball sliders were awesome.  Hen some corn and Pierogies fro san diego. Some big easy balls from sauced sno cone and mini red velvet cupcake from locals sin city snoballsand mac and cheese from dragon. The only complaints i have is i wish there were cheaper tastong plates Pierogies gave us one. And the yelp lounge was lacking.
5	So just got done with LV Foodiefest and here is a recap of what I ate. Pork Torcino Burrito from White Rabbit Food truck. Split a thanksgiving meatball sandwich with Sarah from Haulin Balls LV, Bacon wrapped dates, half a Philly Cheesesteak from Pop's truck, roasted corn on the cob, Sushi Burrito from Jogasaki Burrito truck, went back to White Rabbit to try tacos (3) and got another burrito. The only reason we left was because we ran out of money!!!! Can't wait for another one!!!!
4	Awesome weather for an outdoor foodie festival, not to mention some great chow!  Tried a few of the trucks and loved everything I sampled.  I just wish I had room to try a few more!  I would have checked in at each place, but I couldn't find them or was too far away to check in based on the addresses.  Sufficed to say, everyone there seemed to be having an equally good time.Came up just one star short based on the entertainment.  There were a few DJs doing their thing in the food truck areas, which was cool, but the main areas could have used a little more liveliness for a festival.  It was kinda' just "get your chow and roam around".  Even the smaller food truck alley at First Friday offers a much more impressive vibe.  Nothing kept me around after my snacking was done.  Maybe next year.
3	SORRY TO BREAK THE STRING OF 4 AND 5 STAR REVIEWS FELLOW YELPERS.The food itself deserves 5 stars, but overall its just 3. So praytell you may say.First of all, 8 bucks to just walk around and decide what food truck to spend money on? Worse yet, 12 bucks if you have no life and plan on being there all 3 days? No thanks.I only went because I want to be able to make it to all the foodie events eventually. I have been to Vegas StrEATS at El Cortez Hotel and the Foodie Fest at South Pointe. And guess what, both those events were FREE to enter. Of course they were both packed probably because people had extra money to spend on more food. The way some of these food trucks were marked up already, they should absorb the cost. The difference will be in more people buying food.When nature called, I ended up going to the actual casino to use their bathroom. Sorry, but those port o potties were horrid. I opened up the door to one of those expecting to see dozens of flies but I didnt see not one. I think the smell was so bad, even the flies knew their limits. Imagine if this was in the middle of July. Yikes!As for the food trucks, lots of many good choices. Although I did hear from a good elite friend of mine that a couple trucks were questionable. I came on sunday, the last day at about 7:30. The place is supposed to close at 10. There were already several trucks that were closed already. I so wanted to try Truck Norris. But that's ok. Maybe next time. I just dont wanna spend 8 bucks again to try them. Sorry if you expected an in depth review of all the food trucks and their menu options, but there were too many and thats what makes it fun to go these events. Figuring out which food truck looks the most appetizing to your taste buds.A big shout out goes out to Misti and to those that manned the Yelp lounge. Its nice to know we got our own place to hang out and we are the only priviledged few that is allowed. For those that didnt make it, there will be plenty others guaranteed. So when you guys do go, hopefully im there with you eating and laughing as well.
2	Another food truck fest. It had been awhile since my last food truck festival that I had been to. With that said, I saw a lot of new trucks out there which shows that the business is still alive and well!Location was away from the strip 2 or 3 exits past the freeway. Being out of town, it was nice to enjoy a part of Vegas that wasn't busy or crowded. $8 for one-day entrance fee was steep though. Ouch. On top of that, food trucks usually costs on the higher end. $8 entrance fee + $12 sushi burrito + $5 almond tea is an expensive dinner.Didn't seem like much going on at the festival. For the amount of space they had, they spread many things out pretty far. Even the "Yelp Lounge" was nothing but than some inflated chairs and giant versions of childhoods games (Connect 4 and Jenga). I was there Saturday afternoon and there weren't long lines for the food trucks. Good thing for me but bad for the event.I ended up seeing two food trucks (Truck Norris and another) on the way home from Vegas near the Cajon Pass
3	Fun and food coma inducing weekend over by Silverton. Basically a food truck smorgasbord, including some local favorites. Oh and can't forget the live music and DJs. So here are my pros and cons of the event.. Lets start with location. Convenient for me and most I'd imagine. Right off the 15 with plenty of free parking. The space (Silverton parking lot) was pretty huge and fit all the vendors comfortably. ATMs were set up everywhere, which was smart. And the important stuff, the food itself, was pretty amazing. Gator tacos, sisig burritos, fusion cuisine galore, oh and don't forget the fried stuff! Live entertainment was a nice touch too. Overall, a family friendly environment with rides for the folks who didn't overeat! Yeah, that wasn't me lolCouple of things I didn't like. 8 bucks for the day when your meal including a drink would cost around 20? That's almost $30. For food trucks, that ain't cheap! And the prices of the actual food items seemed higher than what they should be. 10 bucks for a po' boy? 17 for a small lobster roll? 11 for a grilled cheese. Again, don't get me wrong... They were all delicious, but damn, that's straight wallet raping right there! And don't call it a beer garden when all ya got is miller light, MGD and an $8 fosters. Tom foolery! I hate to end this rant on a negative note, so let me finish by saying.. I had a great time this weekend getting my eat on while listening to some pretty good tunes. Discovered and enjoyed some new things (gator tacos are so bomb). And spent some time with great people. Money aside, what more can you ask for? The end =)
3	I want to give the Foodie Fest 4 or 5 stars but I couldn't after going to food truck festivals for free and having to pay 8$ to get in to this one, and then want you to pay 1$ to use a port a potty. The one food truck I really wanted to try The Maine Lobster Lady truck was sold out by the time we got there on Sunday (3:00). I did get to try... Nonna's Kitchenette...Rice Balls with beef (2/7$), awesome flavor, I loved them, wished I would've tried more of their food.Devilicious...Lobster Grilled Cheese (12$), it's the second time I've had this, my first time was much tastier, but it was still good, cheesy and not too greasyFluff Ice...small Thai Tea Fluff with condensed milk, it was weird but really good, loved the egg custard in it, def want to try other flavorsVizzi Truck...Bacon Brie Grilled Cheese, major disappointment, the bacon tasted burnt, not enough fig marmalade or cheeseCalifornia Grille Truck...Jalapeno Bombs (4/6$), they weren't too hot, but they had lots of flavor, loved the sauces drizzled on topFukuburger...We love Fukuburger, so we had to get one before we left even though we could find them in town almost any day of the weekWe skipped the Yelp Lounge, there was no one there when we were.I wish the alcohol tent had a better variety, we skipped drinks because they were poor choices.There were lots of places to sit and eat our food which is always a good thing.
1	Horrible.All the vendors pretty much served the same food. I'll also never pay to enter a festival in Vegas ever again. What a waste of money. There is no need to revive this event for next year. However, one saving grace was the Polish food truck. BEST PIEROGIES I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME. But that food truck was only there for one day... urgh.
3	This was my second Las Vegas Foodie Festival... In all honestly, I was kind of disappointed in the amount of vendors and carnival games available to us. Last year, we had a huge variety to choose from, and this year just seemed a bit 'limited' in choices. I walked around with a group of friends, and within an hour, we were all pretty bored of the place. I remember being able to spend all night there and still have food places I wanted to try, but this time it seemed a bit lacking.Hopefully next year will be a LOT better! *crosses fingers* =]
2	I've watched Food Networks "Great Food Truck Race" and thought this would be a fun event to go to. Yeah, I wasn't impressed. I guess I'm not much of a food truck guy cause all the food, while good in concept and on paper, tasted pretty bad. Food prices were pretty high for the small portions and majority of them tasted as if their oil was not hot enough or they just plain forgot to season the food. All in all, I spent close to $70 and at the end of the day, went across the street to In-N-Out. Very disappointing.
1	1 star for the fatal flaw in the entire idea of the event: Why are we paying $8 admission to get into a parking lot to pay for food?None of this is the fault of the food trucks.  I had many a great dish off the food trucks that participated in 2012 (I also had some mediocre food, but the imagination of the inventive trucks outweighed the food that was just decent).But the good food just won't save the fact that the Foodie Fest is asking people to pay $8 to wander around a hot parking lot to choose something to eat off of a food truck.  Not to wander around a nice green park or even a desert park--a parking lot.  So the $8 buys the right to walk around the parking lot with no central entertainment--it's not a Renaissance Fair with food or a music festival with food--it's just a parking lot with food and a carnival parked next door (maybe that's a lure if you have a lot of kids).Look I love food truck culture, but I still can't figure out why there's an admission price.  And a note to the trucks: if people are paying admission to come try out a bunch of dishes, change your menu up and offer small dishes for cheaper prices.  Most of the trucks were offering a full dish for $7-10.  Most of the time I love the larger dish, but folks came to the festival to taste as many things as possible (for $8 admission).  Trucks participating in the event might want to offer small "tasting" dishes so that fest-goers can try out more trucks and more dishes.  The way it worked out this year, I split 5 dishes off of five trucks and just kept thinking "I really paid $8 to walk around this parking lot". Food: great to good.  Music: meh.  Atmosphere: awful.  Admission price: ridiculous given that you're not getting anything with admission.
3	We were disappointed by having to pay $8 to get into the event; only to find out you had to pay for a port a potty.  We tried the snoop dogg cristo which was only slightly greasy but tasty.  Next, we munched on some stuffed jalapenos that had a wonderful sauce.  My husband bought a potato fry on a stick and it was undercooked.  Very disappointing given that was all the truck sold.
2	I was truly ready for a wicked hot feast.  White Castle, Fuku Burger and all the great stuff.  This is such a great event and I do recommend that if you are planning to come here, do so as it is a lot of fun!  However, do be careful.  I give this a 2.5 star, but as the cost is so high, I am averaging this to 2 star.1.  Out of Town Trucks - Perhaps they are partying way too much, however, this event starts at 12:00 noon today and some trucks were not even ready, set up or prepared. Fuku Burger, one of the best of the best, were seen driving at noon attempting to get ready.  The result is that it took for the first orders (we were third) about 45 minutes to get the food. Not a great result when you are third in line.  Not sure what happened, but Jogasaki Sushi Burrito and Wa Da Pho were also closed at the time of the opening.  2. I am just saying - Seems that the organizers Red Dragon have no problem to charge you 10.00 per person to enter, but then you get disorganized chaos with these trucks not even ready, stands not ready and setting up in the middle of lines, and parents of the organizers getting to get special treatment.  On a great note, plenty of bathrooms, and space for the lines to spread out. Parking. Not sure where these attendants and traffic directors were official, or professional or what. However, every time someone was in the wrong, they would mouth off to all pedestrians and drivers alike about how much of an idiot we all are.  Just not sure if that is a way to make for a good impression.3.  Food - Fuku Burger was very good.  Had the Fuku burger and the Buta Burger. However, it was not awe inspiring and "gotta" have it type of feeling. .  Slap Yo Mama had this Snoop Dog Waffle like dish swimming in some basic syrup. Not bad.  Tried their Alligator Tacos.  Bits of alligator tail that looked like chicken nuggets in a basic soft taco shell with some lettuce and special sauce. Completely uninspiring.  Tornado Potato was a pretty cool idea, these potatos on a stick that look like a tornado.  Great tastes and very unique.  Lines were decent, they put a sun shield out to protect you and service was about 10 minutes.  Plenty of flavor.  Oso Ono Shaved Ice. Line was not busy as most were still eating and not having dessert.  However, the ton of syrup they put on the ice is overpowering. I think less is more and to drench the ice is a bit much.  The shaved ice itself was like butter and so smooth.  Started to think about White Castle, but the line seem like it would take literally hours and hours. About the length of a football field it seemed and wasn't moving fast.4.  The Yelp VIP area - Nice and cool that the yelpers are there and have a place to sit and cool down. Yeah yelpers.5.  Retail stuff - Plenty of retail shops, but we did not buy anything. 6.  The rides - On the other side, are all the rides and games. Twas quite empty all afternoon. I do suspect at night it will get better.GK says, check it out. Buy your ticket on line and skip the major line.  We are going back tomorrow as we have the wrist band and we can get in and go right to the trucks we want to try.  Just be prepared as you will PAY for this experience. It cost us 40.00 to get in, and about 65.00 for some food for the two kids and us. We had about 5 things to try. You are paying for the experience, so be aware. If you consider all this cost just for the food, it is not economical, not justifiable and you are really donating to the Red Dragon financial pockets.Still check it out, just put it in perspective.
1	I love the idea of this event, but the execution is just plain awful. Prices are on the higher side, but the worse part is the wait and trucks being sold out (of their entire menu) 3 hours before the end of the night. This isn't the first year of the event, you'd think the festival would prepare the trucks for expected volume. Personally, I went there for White Castle and people had chairs in line. The line was of course closed when we arrived at 8pm. I heard someone say it was a 5-hour wait earlier in the day. WHAT? I'm sorry, but that's just crazy. The lobster truck, pizza, BBQ, and others were shut down for the night. The others had waits of an hour or more.In the end, we paid a $10 entry fee x 2 just so we could eat Italian Ice, a panini, and French fries. Extremely disappointed. Would never go back.
1	Very poorly planned, last year was better. Minimum of 1hour wait at all Trucks. Forget about White Castle, more than a 4 hour wait! They were allowing people to buy sliders by the 100`s! Not fair at all. It was nice to smell the food, I didn't have the patience to wait in any lines. It was a waste of $10. Not going to go next time!
1	Crowded, long lines, fast food quality items at inflated prices. But wanted to experience it. Will definitely not be back.White Castle line was a 4 hour wait.Didn't have patience to wait and just got Jazz fries & Togarashi garlic fries from Fukuburger truck which were ok. Always on the lookout for gravy fries on west coast. Tried Coast 2 Coast waffle fries with brown gravy & carmelized onions with blue cheese and was pretty good.For admission for 5 plus french fries and cans of soda...$80...I'm a sucker!Should've taken others advice and just gone to a nice sit down dinner anywhere else. No more food fests for me.
2	my first experience eating food trucks in vegas! ok the bad stuff first:1.) why charge us a convenience fee when you still make us wait in the same line as the other people who havent ordered their tickets online? BOGUS2.) first order was at seoul sausage. split a galbi sausage. i dunno maybe after waiting like 15 to 20 minutes i wasnt impressed with it. was bland and it had no snap to it. why do you have to change a proven method? put the sausage in first then condiments....3.) the line for white castle was redonkulous. i guess if you never had it and after watching harold and kumar you have to try it. nay for me.4.) im sorry but the mc sounded like chris tucker when he played ruby red in the 5th element and was getting annoying hearing his voice all night.5.) ok... youre at a food festival. you know theres going to a whole mess of people who came just to eat. i dont understand why most of the people in the food trucks dont just start throwing shit on grill instead of cooking to order? i can understand if the trucks were out doing their normal thing and waiting for people, but come on... there were hundreds of people. they dont realize they lose money with slow turnaround? i would have been more compelled to try more food if i didnt have to wait so long in line. 6.) everyone took all the damn yelp mints!7.) cute chick that reminded of me kate bosworth kept talking to me about wanting to knock over the jenga game a bunch of guys were playing. maybe she thought i was that guy from that thing. i should have gotten her number...good:1.) the gangster grilled cheese sandwich at "up bbq" was really good. 2.) the makers mark pork taco was really good. i forgot the name of the truck.3.) fluff ice reminds me of like cotton candy spun ice cream.4.) the beer lady pulled cash out of her bra.5.) got to see lots of friends and old customers from my restaurant.6.) got to spend time with my good yelp friends. 7.) didnt even have to use my ak...it was only worth while because i got to hang with my friends.
2	What's the point of opening until midnight when vendors are closing left and right and others are out of specials! What are we paying for?
1	Poorly executed. $10 admission that got u.... nothing. Ridiculous $$$$ food, 4 hour lines, many trucks out of food at 6pm!
2	Oh Foodie Fest! How you broke my heart this year! I have been in past years and was used to the idea of paying $10 to get in and then pay the trucks for their Food Truck ambrosia delights at their regular full prices. I won't spend a lot of time on the cost factor but will mention the trucks should make smaller portions at reduced prices so those people like myself can try a little bit of everything. This year I have to give props to the Slap Yo Mamma truck and their gator tacos. They were delicious! Fukuburger a normal 5 star truck disappointed us by serving our Burgers bloody and under cooked on the first night. 2nd day the Burgers were cooked to perfection but then they were out of Naga Dogs. It was the first time we were ever disappointed with this truck.The daughter loved the fried candy station. Don't know how she lives with me and I never exposed her to deep fried Reese's peanut butter cups or Twinkies but we had to get back in line for more of those.We also couldn't find fried pickles anywhere...where oh where were you Redneck Kitchen?Rides were a little expensive but still the best part of the foodie fest. How sad is that? You are at a food truck fest and the sub par/over priced rides were the best part of the event?All in all it was a horrible experience this year and I hope the Silverton brings back the group that put it on in years past as this year they failed miserably in my humble opinion.
2	Booo!! I was super excited to check out the food trucks that I religiously watched battle it out on the food network. First off, I would like to start with the good. GOOD: There was a huge effort by the festival to provide shade in the dining area. Bad: -The lack of shade waiting in the hour+ lines for food. I saw one girl actually faint! -No one was selling sun screen so I had to buy a $10 umbrella and look silly -I was deeply disappointed by the food quality and attitudes of the frustrated food truck workers. My "gourmet" grilled cheese I waited over an hour for was soggy, made with the wrong bread and had tomato on it which I specified I didn't want. - Water was 1.50 at some trucks but $3 at others- The DJ was incredibly loud. With admission, my boyfriend and I spent over $80 on food (taste/quality) we could have made at home. I wont be back next year.
3	Ok, long story short...the lines were crazy on some of the trucks.  I do not know how anyone can wait in a 30min line for food, let alone a 4hr+ wait for some overhyped White Castle burgers.The money adds up quick too...$8 to get in (we got the freebie though), all cash trucks, and most dishes avg $6-10.  The food was very hit and miss, even dishes off the same trucks.  But there are some real winners here if you look hard enough and get lucky.Here are the notable food winners I ran into personally :Lobster Burrito @ Jogasaki :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-foodie-fest-silverton-casino-las-vegas?select=wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAg#wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAgThe lobster burrito was great, but the salmon ceviche taco was boring and had no real flavor.  The lobster burrito had a fair amount of lobster in it, and the sauce and sesame rice wrap had great taste.  I think it was around $7 for the "mini"Sisig Burrito @ White Rabbit :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-foodie-fest-silverton-casino-las-vegas?select=wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAg#HWo7AL4F5dLaViIzuxfNwwVery very good :P  My favorite of the day!  The salty and extra fried pork is tamed by the fried egg and rice hiding inside.  Everything worked very well together and left me blown away.Grilled Cheese with Pesto @ Nonna's Kitchenette :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-foodie-fest-silverton-casino-las-vegas?select=wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAg#GVOtc0R7Jt7i5qqLhMWQzQThe grilled cheese was great, with a super cheesy Gorgonzola cheese and pesto flavor!  Really melt in your mouth, and left a great flavor behind.  But the fried raviolis were meh...a bit over fried and were lacking taste.Halo Halo Fluff Ice @ Fluff Icehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-foodie-fest-silverton-casino-las-vegas?select=wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAg#RS3wWIDRZCQxpDcLB4ZppAThis was pretty good!  It had a very light and fluffy consistency, and you can't go wrong with mochi and mangos!  This was much better than the Green Tea fluff ice...which was kind of bland IMO...couldn't really taste the tea flavor.Now for the big question...was White Castle worth the 4hr+ wait???http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-foodie-fest-silverton-casino-las-vegas?select=wR_KHbisAHlbmx_G8x0QAg#BTvE2JJ8X7mtXIC9NOen6wFirst off all, just scope out somebody that walks away with boxes of these things...and offer to pay them for their time lol.  I paid $10 for 2 of these things, but with zero wait and no sweaty back.  I don't quite understand all the hype...the meat tastes artificial...and makes McDonalds seem gourmet.  Sorry for all the lovers, but I'll stick with my In N Out for fast food cravings.Overall, I would say it was worth the trip, but I would not have waited for any of these food trucks for more than 20min personally...I am impatient I guess.
1	I went on a Friday around 7:30 p.m. I waited 38 minutes in line. Yes, I timed it. When we finally got in, my husband and I went to White Castle. Imagine our disappointment seeing some guy standing in line wearing a cardboard sign saying he was the last customer. WTF? It was only 8 something p.m.!? Did they not know a huge crowd was coming and you run out?!!?So we went to Seoul Sausage and waited another ~45 minutes to an hour for our order. ARGH! The SS guys are super nice and friendly, The deep fried kimchi fried rice and the deep fried Japanese beefy curry balls were delicious. I wasn't impressed with the kalbi sausage sandwich. I wouldn't order it again. The texture is weird for me and I was expecting more from this sandwich. We had somewhere to go that night and I've had enough with the damn lines. Walking around, there were long lines everywhere so we left. Huge disappointment! So I went back early the next day. I really wanted the WC burgers. I haven't had them for ten years. I got there 30 minutes before the gates opened. I was determined to get the burgers!In the line, it was getting nasty out there. People were cutting in line and the people already in line were getting upset which I don't blame them for getting mad. What is so freaking hard to get behind in a line when there's an obvious long line? Are you that stupid or you feel entitled to cut in line? I witnessed people being mean and nasty to each other. This one lady was being bossy and yelling at the newcomers to get in the back of the line. Then another guy told her enough and to shut her mouth and she was going to get in a fight. I heard others in line yelling at this one guy who felt entitled to go in front of the line.  There were some other interesting characters at this festival. A chubby, bratty kid and her white trash mom and their friends or relatives (couldn't tell their relationship but they were obviously together in a group) were getting annoying and mean allowing their kid to be unnecessarily mean to the poor employee working there pestering her to open the gates several times when it was told to them they open at noon. I was waiting for a fight to happen. Even though I was getting irritated at people's behavior, I have to admit it was pretty entertaining to see these idiots acting like animals. There should have been security doing line control. If this is how it's going to be next year, forget this event. Whoever threw this event, you're charging $10 per person and you can't hire several security guards to do line control? How cheap and unprofessional! Get a clue. I'm not alone in this sentiment and a lot of people share the same view as me.Anyway, the most important thing is I finally got my White Castle. Woot Woot!
2	I went all 3 days to try a White Castle burger.   All 3 days they were closed by 4 PM.   I was told they ran out of food and even if they had the food they had a 6 hour wait.  How can a chain that large not be prepared.  3 other vendors were closed also.  How does that happen?   Not worth the wait! Didn't find any thing of interest everything was  the same old stuff. Nothing outstanding!
4	I go to Foodie Fest every year. Although in previous years, I paid about $8 to get in but this gives you access to fabulous food trucks from out of state for 3 days. You have to go all 3 days to make it worth it. I got in for free this year, thanks to Yelp! I really appreciate having such an event, otherwise, I'd have to go to other cities and follow different food trucks - that would cost more money and time. Foodie Fest makes life easier, I think. This is a CASH ONLY event...but there are some trucks such as Maine Lobster Lady that take credit cards.People are complaining about lines and price to get in. Would you rather not have Foodie Fest? I'd be really sad if that ever happened. This year, there are longer lines and trucks running out of food...there are more people, that's why. The lesson is: get there early! I didn't have to wait that long the 2 days I went and was able to try the trucks I was hoping to hit up.I'm a fan of Food Network's "Great Food Truck Race" so I was very excited because of Nonna's Kitchenette and SEOUL SAUSAGE. The highlight of my Foodie Fest experience was meeting the guys from Seoul Sausage: Chris, Yong and Ted. They were so cool and even gave me free stickers!There was so much hype over White Castle.  I've never liked it when we were in Chicago, I still don't like them now.  4 hours for subpar sliders? No, thank you! Fukuburger was there too but I could always go to Spring Mountain to find them.Fluff Ice, Nonna's Kitchenette and Fist of Fusion (in one truck), Seoul Sausage, Jogasaki, White Rabbit, Devilicious, Tornado Potato, Sin City Cupcakes, Maine Lobster Lady, Super Q, Wat Da Pho, Slow Cal BBQ, Oso Ono, etc. were there. Non-truck vendors were there too - such as Potato Corner, Lollicup, Better Than New Boutique, Funnel Cake Cafe and a lot more.FLUFF ICE: this year, I tried the Green Tea fluff with condensed milk lychee jelly and mochi - I was disappointed.  The green tea flavor was weak. The Halo-halo fluff was good.  I'll stick to my Thai Tea fluff next time.NONNA's KITCHENETTE: watching episodes of the Great Food Truck Race and how a lot of people raved about their fried ravioli, I had to give them a try. They were too fried and I couldn't even tell there's ravioli underneath the thick fried batter.  The grilled cheese was pretty good - it had mozzarella, pesto and tomatoes.  This might be why they didn't win GFTR.SEOUL SAUSAGE: worth the excitement. I tried the Galbi Sausage with kimchi-kraut, Flaming Ball (kimchi rice ball) and Osaka Ball (curry rice ball).  I liked them a lot especially the rice balls you dip in sriracha mayo. YUM!JOGASAKI: sushi burrito was intriguing. We had the salmon ceviche taco and lobster burrito.  The salmon ceviche lacked flavor - no acidity at all.  The lobster burrito was great. Thin rice paper with sesame seeds, langoustine (not real lobsters), crab meat and avocados.WHITE RABBIT: I have to have Sisig Burrito and Sisig Tacos whenever they're in town. The Sisig Burrito is my favorite.  It has garlic rice, fried egg and of course their yummy crispy sisig - bursting with flavor! They didn't have their Milo macarons and Macapuno macarons this time though.  Their White Chocolate Champorado is a nice twist to the classic semi-sweet chocolate porridge treat I've had before.  Their version has pinipig to give it texture and crunch...and a strawberry on top.MAINE LOBSTER LADY: I had the Maine lobster roll (cold) and a blueberry lemonade, and my friend had the Connecticut lobster roll (warm).  Each roll is $18 and if you want extra lobster, it's $35 which doesn't make too much sense...why not get 2 rolls for $1 more?  I've had better lobster rolls from Lobster ME for less than $18.  The blueberry lemonade was good though.We hung out at the Yelp tent.  It was obviously not exclusively for Yelpers as a co-worker of mine was there with her family and she doesn't even know what Yelp is. As long as they have Foodie Fest, I'll keep coming back.
2	First off let me start by saying I did not write a review for the last foodie fest because my boyfriend, daughter, and I all got food poisoning. It was one of the worst experiences of our lives, but we couldn't narrow it down so I didn't want to put any particular truck on blast. The fact that we returned was based on free tickets from yelp (thanks yelp and Red Dragon) and White Castle. I choose not to go to my fav local trucks like fuku, sin city wings, and chi town hustler (who wasn't at this 1, but was at last) because they usually up their prices for the event. Sucks for us locals who are use to their normal prices. But I get it because they have an insane vendor fee of like $900! I'm curious if all trucks even profited with prices like that? We went Friday and arrived at about 4:15-4:30. The line was long so we went to the VIP entrance for our yelp tix. Unorganized from the start. I was clearly the first Yelper to check in thru VIP. The lady argued with me and told me I had to go to general admission, until I pulled up the email and showed it to her. Still, they did not have a list of names, and let 3-4 parties in before me. I literally watched the White Castle line get 30 minutes longer as the unorganized employees text for information. I finally got in, and went straight to the White Castle line. We waited about an hour to order, and another hour for our food. I took a break and got a lemonade and tornado potato while my bf dealt with the crazies. We ordered a crave crate which is 100 burgers for $100. Between 4 of us we killed about 25 burgers. Lets just say we had no problem getting rid of the rest. However I've had White Castle. From White Castle. They may have brought their grills from Chicago, but the patties were indeed still frozen. And the cheap patties were even a tad undercooked. It wasn't like the real thing, and I know I can't be the only one who feels this way. However, if Las Vegas didn't prove their worth for bringing a real White Castle to our city- the company is freakin' crazy! They sold out of their first batch of 60,000 burgers the first night! GIVE US THE REAL THING WHITE CASTLE!! I tasted some BBQ nachos from the Q truck- BOMB. Other than that- a fun time but I wouldn't do it again, NOR EVER PAY FULL PRICE! $10 entry then pricy food truck grub? Vegas locals are supporting your scene, expand hours, areas, and LOWER PRICES! Make it worth it for everyone, trucks and customers! I can't say I will return to another foodie Fest. It's possible if they do a few things different. Hopefully they'll notice the disappointing yelp reviews and take notes!
2	First time at the foodie fest. Thank goodness I bought my tickets online and ahead of time so I was able to skip the lines. Got there on Friday night and the actual lines at the trucks were reasonable. About 15-20min wait. Had the tacos at White Rabbit. Didn't really think they were anything special and I also think they raised the price just for the event. Headed over to Slap yo mama and had the catfish po boy which was delicious especially since it was fresh and hot. Had the pulled pork pocket at Roamin dough which I thought was okay. For dessert, I had the thai tea fluff ice which was fluffy but not enough flavor. Definitely not worth it. i really wanted to try White Castle but the lines were redonkculous. The yelp booth was overrun by little kids.. which I thought was odd. Overall, this event was just WAAYYY too popular. Honestly, I don't know what they could do to make this event better. Maybe extend it to the whole week? I understand the entrance fee which is totally fine with me. But if the food trucks also raise their price then I have a problem with it and also waiting in line for 30+ at the trucks is also just dumb.
4	I had a lot of fun here :) It was probably due to the fact that I went with great people and we managed to devise a little tactic to go get food efficiently. Different people standing in line for different things and then you come together to share your portions OR eat your food while you're in line for something else, lol.DEFINITELY buy your ticket online before the first day that the event starts so that you can skip the long lines to get in. Don't worry, there's plenty of lines waiting for you inside so this one is unnecessary. GET CASH BEFOREHAND! Don't wait last-minute and have to pay those pesky ATM fees because you didn't plan ahead. The fee this year (2013) was $4.50 that a buddy of mine had to pay.Parking for this event was definitely organized. I saw many workers doing their best to pick up anyone's littering and there were people constantly wiping down tables to keep them clean.I did attend the Foodie Fest all three days. However, your single admission fee that you pay gives you access for all three days so might as well make it worthwhile.We decided not to wait for White Castle because the wait was so ridiculous. Yes, the lines are pretty long for most of the other food trucks but it's a ton of people there for the same reason you are.1st Day:- Fried Oreos from one of the fried goodies stand.. $5 for 3. They were delicious! It brought me back to happy memories at the OC Fair.- THE MAINE LOBSTER LADY: Lobster Mac n Cheese! $14 This was so amazing. It's not how you think a Lobster Mac n Cheese would be and there were big chunks of lobster to make it somewhat worth your money.- DRAGON GRILLE: Korean beef brisket taco with korean golbi sauce and steamed rice. $3 for a taco. This was actually pretty tasty, but I kind of wish I went with a different sauce. You can choose your own meat and sauce.- FLUFF ICE: Blue honey boba with lychee jelly and egg custard. $4 for the S size. I liked it. Not the best boba I've had but definitely not the worst. Next time I'll try one of their other creations.- SIN CITY CUPCAKES: Chocolate Wasted cupcake. $5 for one alcohol infused cupcake. This one I purchased as a food gift for a friend of mine and she really liked it. They do check ID before they sell to you!2nd Day:The first stand we went to was The Maine Lobster Lady because we were craving some more Lobster Mac n Cheese. So delicious *O*- TWISTED LEMON: Frozen Twisted Strawberry. $5 for a delicious drink to cool you down while the sun was beaming on ya. The line for this stand stayed long throughout the day. Half off refills if you keep your cup :) and they do have stamp cards so that you can redeem a free drink on them. For just the drink (not frozen), it was $4.- FUKUBURGER: Buta-Burger and Garlic Fries. Can't remember what I paid.. However! My brother had the burger and he loved it. Mm mm the garlic fries never disappoint me. - SEOUL SAUSAGE: Flaming Balls. $3 a ball. Haha. Hahahaha. This fried kimchi rice ball was pretty delicious with the sauce that accompanied it. I loved the kick of spice. We were in line around.. 8:30 and the gentleman who took my order said I came at the right time because they only had about 6 left. Then he gave me stickers :D - SLAP YO MAMA: The Snoop Dogg. $9. My two buddies ordered this one since it was one of foods that needed to be shared. I had a nibble of their fried Mac n Cheese, and it was pretty good. They said that they were a fan of the waffle but wish the Mac n Cheese would have been better.- JOGASAKI SUSHI BURRITO: THIS ONE WAS MY FAV! I ordered the Jogasaki #2A and fell in loooooooooooove! $7 for the mini size and $12 for the regular size. Idk how they managed to do it but the shrimp tempura actually had lots of flavor to it, that's a first for me. It was a burrito with spicy tuna, crab meat, shrimp tempura, and avocado wrapped up in soy paper. Delicious :)A lot of the vendors sold out on their best items at the end of the day.3rd Day:- WA DA PHO: The "Meat Lover's Bowl" $9.50. I thought that this way pretty darn delicious for pho coming out of a food truck! Overpriced? OH YEAH! Lol. The gentleman that ran the stand was very nice and kept cracking jokes. They did have a Square card scanner so they were able to accept credit cards.I came back on the third day just for Jogasaki Sushi Burrito. The fat kid in me nearly fainted, she was so happy we were taking home two regular-sized Jogasaki #2A's.I can't wait for next year!
1	Okay, so this is the second year I've gone to Foodie Fest.  Last year we went on a Friday night, this year on Saturday at 6:30.  The line to get it wasn't bad when we arrived, but our friends came 15 min. later and the line was down the street and around the corner. I'll mention the entrance fee in a min.The variety of food trucks appeared extensive, however by 6:30 over half were closing up shop and White Castle - oh White Castle...this is the main reason the huz and I decided to go.  A sign greeted us at the entrance that stated they would no longer be serving.  We went in anyway, saw that they were still cooking and people were sitting around - we soon realized that was the 4 HOUR wait - they gave people chairs!  We decided to grab a beer, however almost all was gone, our choices were Miller Light, wine or water!  It seemed so pointless, so I called my friends who were still standing in line and told them not to waste money getting in and we met up for dinner elsewhere.  What's appalling to me is the fact that when we left around 7:00, the line was unbelievable and any food trucks still serving had lines and wait times I had no patience for.  I wanted to have a megaphone and let the people waiting in line know that it was a waste, but I refrained.  I can't believe they continued to accept people's money ($10 at that - $8 for military) without letting them know what to expect.  All I kept saying is that I felt ripped off $28 down the drain in 30 min. or less and we were still hungry!  The event, in my opinion, was poorly run, poorly organized and the staff seemed a bit clueless (texting, calling & not paying attention).  I feel sorry for the folks who continued to wait in line. I doubt we will return to this event, I'd rather continue our trips down to First Friday (Downtown) and Vegas StrEATs (at El Cortez). MUCH better and most of the trucks are at these locations anyway.  Boo.
4	I have been to all 3 foodie fests.  I have been lucky enough to have VIP each time.  Overall my experience has been good.  I am a big food truck fan so I have no problem paying to get access to out of state trucks.  I also have not had any problems parking or getting into the event.  This year there was a lot more seating and most of it covered, which they didn't have the last 2 foodie fests.  As someone who usually takes their kids at least one of the days, we need somewhere to sit and eat.  So big plus for that.  There seemed to be less entertainment this time, in years past they have more performers and themed nights (70's, 80's, 90's etc).  Bringing that back or having more things on the main stage would add to the festival atmosphere.  Maybe some food demos, more eating contests, etc.  Also have signs with the entertainment schedule would be good so we know what is going on.  VIP is great!  Open bar, fun photo booth, wine tasting, free samples from Fluff Ice, Vic's and Red Neck Kitchen, valet parking, separate entrance to event.  Yelp Lounge was unmanned all night Friday.  I stopped by a few times to see if I could find any other yelpers.  Nope, just some crazy kids with no parents in sight.  These kids were running jumping on the couches, knocking them over, hitting their heads on the cement when the couches flipped over.  It was crazy.  I threatened them that they better stop or Misti was gonna come get them. Hahaha.   The White Castle fiasco was crazy, but expected.  I met people who drove from Cali for it.  What do you expect?  Yes they should have had more grills, etc but there would have been long lines either way.  It would have been better to put it in the back corner, not in the front so it congested the whole area, also the lines for WC were a mess.  They should have had the barriers to keep the lines contained and signs saying if it was order or pick up line so people got in the right line.  Prices and running out of food, is not the promoters fault.  That is on the individual food truck.  The food trucks pay a lot to be a part of the event, plus their travel expenses (if out of the area) so I can see they have to up their prices a bit.  Same goes for not opening on time.  When we got there Sat at 12:45 most of the trucks were not open yet.  That sucks but that is the trucks fault, not the promoter.  I would love for them to be able to get some different out of state trucks.  It is usually the same trucks, every year.  There were a couple new ones (Seoul Sausage, Q Up) but I wish they could get more.  That would make me more excited for next time.
4	I'm surprised and not surprised at the same time at the slew of negative reviews and comments about this event.I went on Friday afternoon. It was the first time I had been to the event, and I missed the turn for the unpaved parking lot and almost drove back out to Dean Martin Drive before making a U-turn of questionable legality. I parked in a section of paved parking that seemed relatively close to the event. There were only about 15 people in line at the nearest gate, and I got my free wristband courtesy of Yelp (thanks!) in relatively short order after asking.Here's what I had:- The Maine Lobster Lady: a small bite of lobster mac and cheese from my friend (terribly overpriced entree, food just okay)- Seoul Sausage: Part of both the kalbi and spicy pork sausages from Seoul Sausage (both good, spicy pork great)- Tornado Potato: truffle oil (lacking salt) and sweet potato (too much added sugar). The visual is impressive. Flavor? Not so much.- Nonna's Kitchenette: P.L.T. sliders (nice crispy proscuitto, but I would've liked the tomato to be sliced more thinly)- Super Q Food Truck: Super Q Brisket Melt, which does indeed have mac and cheese in the sandwich itself (great overall flavor, filling compared to other stuff)White Castle, which I intentionally avoided even though I haven't tried it yet, may have actually helped draw people away from all the other lines, so I can't hate them. I did see that it got more crowded at night, with maybe hundreds in line just at the entrance gate, so I would recommend that people trying this event in the future go during the daytime and, if possible, on the first day. I will certainly consider going back in future years if there are different, good out-of-town food trucks to try.
1	This place is a big hype. Too crowded for a small event, & overrated. Youre waiting in line for hours to eat overly priced unhealthy fast food. You pay $10 to get in to find out that the good trucks you came out to see are sold out for the weekend on a Saturday. And this is supposed to be a 3 day event.  This happened last year also.  So now you're forced to settle w other trucks. Why don't they tell u what trucks are sold out before you pay to get in or wait in line. It's a scam.  Never again.
2	As a brand new Vegas resident, this was my first Foodie Fest.  So I can't compare it to past ones, but only to other similar events I've attended elsewhere.I attended both Saturday and Sunday evenings.I arrived Saturday about 5:30pm.  My initial impression is that the guys holding the traffic signs seemed to be very angry.  Especially the one directing cars into the dirt lot - he was openly yelling at many of the drivers as they went by.  Not sure what his deal was, but you know what, sign-guy?  Nobody cares what you think.Sunday I arrived a little earlier and parked in the garage - a much easier experience.The line to enter on Sat. wasn't too bad and seemed to move quickly.  I didn't mind the entrance fee and appreciated that one price got you all 3 days (even if that involves wearing a garish wristband all weekend).I won't go item-by-item on the various foods I tried from each vendor, but I will echo the sentiments of many:For an event like this, it's ridiculous that virtually nobody was offering smaller taste portions.  (Perhaps a few were - I didn't examine every single menu board).Some wait times at certain trucks seemed excessive, but not sure how that's to be avoided.  I guess since you're eating full portions, it gives you more time to digest.  I will say that on Sunday the lines were virtually non-existent for a while and I was able to sample the trucks I skipped on Saturday.A bit surprised at the relatively low number of vendors.  I was expecting a lot more of them.One annoyance was that several trucks ran out of plastic utensils on both nights.  That's just sloppy planning.I didn't drink any alcohol, so I can't speak to that aspect of the Fest - other than to say the fact that they basically ran out of beer on both nights I was there is laughable.  That was a festival first for me.  C'mon, really??  Running out of beer in Las Vegas? White Castle.  Unbelievable.  4 hours?!?  Look . . . you eat these things for nostalgia.  Not because they're good (because they're not).  People buying these things by the case?  Baffling.  I was amused the queue required police presence on Sunday.  (Yes, actual real policemen - with guns! - standing watch over the line.)The DJs - too loud and too many of 'em.Overall, I had a decent time and probably will return next year.  All the vendors were really pleasant to deal with, and all the other patrons I spoke with were nice and seemed to be having fun.  But they had several glaring issues that seemed to be preventable if not for lazy planning.  And try to attract more trucks/vendors.Two stars, because the "Meh, I've experienced better" blurb seems to fit perfectly.
4	I went to the foodie fest with the wifey and her son, and let me tell you we had a blast!! For a pregneat women this was heaven and hell all in one for me and her son well we where just in food heaven. We also met up with some friends and managed to share a few things. I also ran into a bunch of old co-workers who would have known that people in the tecnology industry would be such foodies!! LOLWe started out by going the first day that it opened that being friday. We were suppose to arrive early so that we could try and get some white castle but my wifey been prego and all set us back a few hours. We ended up ariving around 7:30pm and it was not too difficult to get in. Finding a parking wasn't too hard either we simply parked at bass pro shop. While driving in though the line was almost to bass pro shop which shocked the wifey because she truly thought we would have to stand in line. I tried to assure her that we wouldn't since we paid for the ticket in advance. We walked up to the entrance and were quickly shown were pre-registration was and there was no line it was just us! WIN!!! As soon as we were in I walked around and saw that roamin dough had no line i order some bacon wrapped dates. They didnt take long to come out and they were spectaular!!!!We walked around and we found some friends. I knew we had to try the sushi burrito so we stood in that line first. While standing there we took the opportunity to have her son stand in the tornado potato line at the same time. The wait was roughly 30 minutes but it worked out because we both walked to each other with food that we couldn't believe we had in our hands. The sushi burrito was AWESOME we tried the lobster sushi roll and it was just melt in your mouth. The tornado potato was was great too!!We then bumbed into another group of friends and they were at the develicious truck! This is when i was intorduced to Nelson a big yelper. He was awesome and even snapped a pic of my melt in your mouth lobster burrito. My other friend came from the develicious truck with a lobster and bacon grilled cheese he let my wife had a bite and it was over she had to have one. The line was about 25 minutes and the food was to die for. At the same time we got some fluff ice which was ok. Maybe I dont get the whole ice thing because it just doesnt taste like much to me. We then hit up wha da pho. We tried the lobster balls and Da Pho-licious Q. The lobster balls were ok i felt like there was something missing though even with the dipping sauce I just felt something was missing. Da Pho-licious Q was good the asian slaw was different the only downer that i even went back and told the truck about personally was that the chunks of meat seemed a bit too big to be sharing. We returned the following day and had Jogasaki's philly roll it was awesome smoked salmon cream cheese cucumbuers and it was all deep fried YUMMY! we also had slap yo mama snoop dogg cristo which was awesome to share not sure that i could eat one by myself. Coast to Coast is another truck we tried out we had the Specialty fries Beer Cheese Bacon Scallions drizzled with ranch and it was just marvelous. And last but not least we had to try wa da pho i really went back becasue i wanted to try the wrap but again they were sold out come to find out they didnt have enough slaw :( still we had the tofu nachos da meatballz and some veg pho my wife and step son weren't tofu people and these tofu nachos changed their entire perspective about tofu, Da meatballz were great too and the pho was awesome.Needless to say I know the Bgosh fam will be rolling through again!!
3	The only reason 90% of the people who were there, were there for White castle!!  Dah!... And they had the longest lines because we transplants miss our sliders.  the real ones....  From start to finish for us was exactly 2 hours from the time we ran into the gate till we walked out with a case of 30 steaming hot sliders (15 with cheese) You think maybe we showed them that we need one or three of them here!
4	The the foodie fest has changed since it first started. They have much more covered areas with seating and tables but I'm afraid that took up space that was once was occupied by many more food trucks at previous foodie fests here at the Silverton. The seating was desperately needed though so what can ya do?!  I ran into people at the event complaining about paying to get in. I don't have any complaint about paying however it should be cheaper. It seems odd to pay just to get in so you can pay for food but if it were free to get in then I'm sure everyone and their adopted cousin would show up and it would be even more packed and no fun!We went the first day on Friday, and arrived around 6:00 pm. I was happy to have found a great parking spot right away. I was even happier when I saw there was nobody in line to get in! We had noticed a long line on the way in and thought we would have to wait in it. I asked the cashier at the gate if I was in the right line and she said that we could purchase tickets or show our online ticket so getting in was a snap! The tickets at the gate were $10 per person, $8 for senior citizens, children under 54" were free and that got you a wristband to get in into the foodie fest all 3 days for the one price. They had some trucks taking debit/credit cards but at the gate and most of the food trucks only took ca$h money. The 2nd day we went was Saturday and there was still no line at the gate but the lines inside were insane. I still had a few trucks I wanted to try the 2nd day but wasn't willing to wait 2 plus hours for them so just got something from the few lines that were short. I think it just depends what time and day you show up that determines your experience. They had a carnival off to the side of the foodie fest with rides and games carny food. It wasn't busy at first. Well, not including White Castle! They had such a long line. Thank goodness I am not a burger eater because the wait was at times up to 4 hours for White Castle however it did smell good around their tent. I wanted to make a couple rounds to see what I wanted to try.Slow Cal BBQ:It smelled too good outside this truck not to try something. There was only one person in front of me so I didn't wait long to order. After pondering the menu board I ordered the "Linker" combo priced at $9. This was a sandwich with hot links, pork and BBQ sauce. You get to choose your BBQ sauce and it is homemade. I chose "Dam Bro" and it was spicy and good! It came with a side so I chose "Red Beans & Rice" and it was full of yummy flavor! I was stoked to find out that they are not just in Cali anymore but also here in Vegas! I will for sure eat from this truck again! During the 2nd day of our visit I stopped by this truck to try their "Cajun Potato Salad" and it was so good!Torpedo Potato:After seeing pictures I knew I wanted to try this place! I am also glad I tried it when I did because I had maybe 6 people in front of me but later in the night and the following day that I passed by it was very, very long! I ordered the "Original Tornado" and had them add sour cream & onion and nacho cheese. It cost $7.50 and I loved it! I wish we had one of their trucks here in Vegas!!!!!Roamin' Dough:We met up with some friends who wanted to stop at this truck. My friend ordered the "Bacon Wrapped Dates"priced at $5 and they were so darn good! When we came back to the foodie fest the 2nd day I stopped and ordered some and they were just as good as the day before. Fluff Ice:I was checking out another truck and when I came back around the corner I found my hubby in line for this truck. I also found fellow yelper Nelson Q in line behind hubby! It was nice to catch up with Nelson but what was great was the history lesson he gave us about boba! I had no idea what it was or what it tasted like. I wanted to try the "Strawberry Fluff" with blue honey boba. It cost $7 and was huge! It is hard to describe the fluff ice but it is shaved ice with condensed milk and I'm sure something else I just know it was yummy! The boba tasted chewy and kinda like a gummy bear. It was neat to try the boba but I can't say I am a fan. Wa Da Pho:While in line one of the owners told it this was there launching day! They had fancy TVs and ipad looking menus. My friend ordered "Da Pho-licious Q" for us to share. I had high hopes for this truck since it is local and just starting out. The sandwich wasn't that great. I really enjoyed the bread a lot but the meat was so thick that when you went to bite into it the meat all comes out and you are left with just bread. I would try something else from this truck but not this sandwich again.Deep Fried Vendor:I didn't see a name for this place it wasn't a truck but a vendor in a booth. They had all sorts of deep fried goodies. I wanted to try the "Deep Fried Reese's Big Cup". It cost $5. I felt the price was too steep but I ate every bite and loved it!I will be back!
3	The food - awesome - the time waiting to get food :( - they need a bigger area for this event. They did not expect that many people to attend. The web site said a 10 to 15 minute wait. We went Saturday night and not one food truck was under a hour wait. I had a grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with buffalo sauce chicken tenders - hmmmmmm and I had a sushi burrito that was delish too. But waited over a hour at each booth. They do need the area for people to sit and eat but they needed more food trucks to shorten the wait time for everyone. In the end, if they do not have a bigger space for more food trucks. I'm not sure if I would attend again. We where there for over 3 hours and spent almost all of it in line.
4	Definitely an improvement on last year!  I really liked the one price for all three days ($8 if you bought online and you got to go to the front of the line) and that the proceeds were given to 3 Square.  There was more seating and more covered seating.  The DJs were great and the food was delicious.  I loved the selections of trucks.  I went during the day on Saturday and Sunday and I did not find long lines or long waits at the trucks until it got later in the evening.  Great food from Seoul Sausage (which I thought would have a much longer line because of it's popularity, but I ordered and got my food in 10 minutes), Strada Press, SlowCal, & Jogasaki.  A few trucks were closed on Sunday but it was like 3 out of over 30 and there were still plenty of delicious choices.  Also, I liked the mix of Vegas and out of state trucks which allowed me to try some Vegas trucks that I never seem to be able to get to.Yes, the line for WC was long, but since I don't care about eating their sliders.  It was amusing to me not frustrating.  If I couldn't get my favorite nostalgic food, I would probably wait in line for 5 hours too.I can't believe how many people are complaining about this event considering the improvements from last year.  Obviously it is going to be busy at night when the sun goes down, it is kind of shocking that people were surprised by this.  Also, a lot of people are complaining about price of admission, but it costs money to put on an event (seating, security, entertainment, staffing, set-up and breakdown, etc.) and you could go all three days, which I strongly suggest.  The only thing I would like to see next year is limiting the trucks to only a few of their best items in order to keep the lines moving a little faster after dark.Can't wait for the fall Foodie Fest!
3	Being from Michigan and living 15 min away from a White Castle, I was VERY excited to see they were bringing their mid-west taste out west for one weekend.  Unfortunately, many people in Vegas had the same idea I had.Now I'll be honest, I came to the event 7:30 PM on a Saturday, which I'm sure was the busiest time the entire weekend.  Everywhere I looked there was a line for almost every food truck for both people ordering and picking up their food.I decided to target a less busy :truck Coast2Coast Deli.  I was really hungry so I can't remember what I ordered lol, but it was good!  A BBQ beef with plenty of extras (cheese, caramelized onions and sauce).  I followed that up by having a concrete frozen custard with peanut butter cups.  Overall the food was very good, I stopped by the Yelp lounge to get a nifty button on my way out.  Next year i will plan better and come during off peak hours so I'm not waiting so long for food, I'm sure my experience will improve by a star or two making that small adjustment!
1	This review could potentially be a one liner. I don't have much to say. It just wasn't my cup of tea. The line to get in was ridiculous. The line to get food, from what we can see from the outside was again, ridiculous. We waited outside a while and decided this line was going to take longer than we could wait with my 7 year old daughter. She wanted to go. By the time we would have gotten to try anything it was going to be way past her bed time. I read reviews on the food being hit or miss, while waiting in this horrendous line.  These lines were way too long even for amazing food let alone food that might be disappointing. Maybe it's me, but I just couldn't do it. I am not that type of person. Once in, we opted to leave. This review is on the Foodie Fest itself, not the food, as we didn't even get to try anything. I know now that any of these food truck events are not for me. If you don't mind paying an entry and standing in line for that and then waiting for over an hour in line for food that you may or may not like, then you will be okay with this. For me, it's bad enough going in to a restaurant and sitting and ordering and getting excited for the food and then it sucks, to add another negative, the standing and waiting. I felt bad about it because Yelp provided me with the tickets and I appreciate it, but my 7 year old was not having it and I didn't blame her. For me eating out isn't only about the food. It's about comfort, service and atmosphere as well.
4	For me the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest was a mixed bag.  The food was novel and delicious when you could secure it.  But a whole host of obstacles had to be overcome first, and a wallet largely emptied before one's stomach could be fully satisfied.  The ordeal began with parking: either find a lucky open spot on The Silverton's vast paved lot or wind up in the rut-filled dirt moonscape across the street.  Next was gaining admittance to the festival grounds: either inch your way through an hour-long line across from the dirt lot on the south side or walk on in within 5 minutes on the south side near The Silverton's parking garage entrance if you were savvy enough to buy your tickets onlne in advance and knew of this rather poorly publicized entrance.  Enduring hour-long food lines was next.  And, finally, an open seat or two had to be found in competition with hundreds of other hungry though thankfully fairly amiable and courteous attendees.Food outages did not help to make these series of trials any easier.  "CLOSED" signs were everywhere on darkened trucks as early as 8:30 p.m. on Saturday night.  The Maine Lobster Lady ran out of Blueberry Lemonade too early for me to try any on Saturday, and Lobster Rolls were all gone not long afterward, although I was one of the last lucky festival goers to score one.  And, it was quite tasty, filled as it was with cold chunks of lemon-kissed Lobster mixed with lemony mayonnaise, on a soft but small and slender bun.  At $18 a crack, it had better be good!     And, thank goodness for Yelp's Lounge on the festival grounds.  Here I was at least able to secure a seat at a table to enjoy my Lobster Roll in relative comfort.But one fancy sandwich is hardly worth the $8.50 admittance charge plus $18 outlay for the food, even though the Lobster Roll came with a pickle spear, small bag of Lay's Classic Potato Chips, and a lemon wedge.  So I got up and plodded along through congested festival grounds to obtain some more food, weaving in and out of hour-long ordering lines.  Eventually I settled on the Tornado Potato truck, where, about 45 minutes after joining the snaking ordering line, besides being at last able to quench my thirst with a homemade Lemonade, I savored a Sausage Tornado, and by doing so was able to combine a filling circular staircase of oily fried potato with a sweet and savory Hawaiian Portuguese Sausage on a stick.  Alternately dipping the deep-fried potato in tomato ketchup and the sausage in yellow mustard, and then remaining ever conscious of the stick in the middle so as to preserve my front teeth for future dining adventures, I very much enjoyed this inventive concoction.  And, the two bites I sampled of Diane's Tornado Potato dipped in cinnamon and sugar were sweet and tasty too, once we at last found two vacant seats under a well-lit dining tent.  Meanwhile, she supplemented her potato twister with a Butter Poached Lobster Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Parmesan Truffle Fries from Devilicious, bringing the night's total expenditure to over $70 for two.I would have gladly spent more to score some ice cream from Fat Daddy's, but, sadly, this food truck that I was first to review on Yelp almost exactly 1 year ago, this time flatly let me down.  Out of product apparently long before I got there, I found the vehicle all closed up and dark inside.  I could have eventually obtained a snow cone from Oso Ono Shave Ice or Tropical Shave Ice, but at this late hour, next heading for Southern California, I craved ice cream--not an ice cream headache.  Alas, ending this exploration into exotic food with a cool dairy treat was just not meant to be.On our way out we passed by the three-hour line of persons playing musical chairs as they approached the holy grail of White Castle.  With ease I walked on by.  For, I had eaten White Castle burgers in Milwaukee, Wisconsin several decades ago.  They were just known as tiny and rather simple burgers then--not sliders--and seemed hardly worth standing or sitting in a lengthy line for.So, will I return for future Foodie Fests?  Maybe, and maybe not.  But if I do, I will research in advance the menus of each attending food truck, come earlier in the day, and as soon as I gain entrance make a beeline for the pre-selected trucks of my choice.  The four stars are for the food--not the overall arduous experience.
3	It was definitely a fun event for the family. We got facebook fan discount tickets and so for all weekend the price was reasonable, but the prices for some of the food was then too expensive on top of it.  Seoul Sausage, Sushi Burrito, Oso Ono and the cookie bar were great! too bad 2 of four aren't local.  The line for white castle was horrible but at least there were rides for the kids right there while others waited. We were disappointed that there were only alcoholic cupcakes at a family event, and lobster lady was good but too expensive for what you got.  Some of the other places were good but was feeling too full to try all the places we wanted. We went two days but there was still more as you can only stand on line so much with kids. The carnival side was nice for kids but 12 bucks for 8 tickets? Its a very fun event with good exposure to new fun food in town but save your money ahead of time!
1	Wow, so at 8PM on its first day it look me about 1 and half hour to get the tickets to get into the Fest. Then I had to wait in line for another 2 and half hours to get my food. 2 and half hours for 1 truck. Food quality is not very good because the food truck vendors are rushing to make your order to meet the demand. I am judging the food trucks here, just the organization of food fest.4 and half hours waiting in line. I felt like a black person trying to vote in Florida on election day. Just don't go to this place.
3	This was my first food truck event ever. I never really caught on to the whole food truck faze. But ever since I joined the Yelp community, I'm all for food events.$10 each admission fee. I went on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm and stayed till 7pm. It was FREAKIN HOT that day. There were hardly any shade so that made it worse. The only shaded areas were tables and chairs for sit down and eat and that was PACKED with people. We were practically sitting on top of strangers that day just to quickly eat our food and/or escape the heat for a brief moment.To be honest, the food trucks weren't all that. It wasn't the price that I had an issue with. The food was just not memorable. Sadly, I kind of forgot what foods I had from which food truck.. I remember eating some spicy tuna nachos, which were gross by the way because they paired it with DORITO CHIPS! Um what!?!? In case they haven't tasted Doritos in awhile, these chips are already packed with cheesy flavorings. Why are you going to pair that up with spicy tuna!? The cheesiness of the chips just completely overpowered the combo, I couldn't even taste the spicy tuna that much!  I also had shrimp jambalaya from Slap Yo Mama! (I remember the name because it was catchy) It was $9 and it didn't even taste good. I was so disapointed because that was my first dish of the day. It was bland and tasteless...not to mention watery.My boyfriend had this sandwich from this BBQ truck and his sandwich consisted of bbq pork and mac n cheese. Him being a big fan of mac n cheese really enjoyed his sandwich. Well I'm glad someone enjoyed something from this event.Other foods my boyfriend and I shared were:-fried raviolis (those were pretty good)-some shrimp balls from Wha the Pho? (i think that's what they're called and I think it's shrimp balls is what I ate.) Those were alright too...nothing great. I didn't like the shirmp paste feeling in my mouth plus the texture was kinda ehh.... =/ I wouldn't get that again.Look how bad of a memory I got! Omgoodness...I'm sorry. The damn heat probably fuc*ed me up that afternoon. =( I love the sun but damn...couldn't they have made this event earlier in the month!? Or late march!?! Having said earlier that we were here till 7pm.....as we were leaving, we saw a long line by the entrance. People thought it was a good idea to come when the sun starts to set. WRONG!!!!! DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT bother coming after 7pm...heck, or even 5pm. There were already at least 3 trucks that have closed shop because they ran out of food. I didn't get to try Fluff Ice because they were already closed when I got there at 2pm!!!!!! =( Bummer. Would I go again next year? Eh...maybe if there was an admission discount (or even free admission) and depending on the weather cuz I'm not about to get owned by the blazing heat again. Otherwise, this event was overrated in my opinion. If I wanted to pig out on foods and prices like these, I'd rather take a trip back to my hometown for the Orange County Fair or the LA County Fair.
4	In Hawaii we have Eat the Street which is pretty cool as you can see most of the food trucks that are around the island all in one spot.  Well the Las Vegas Foodie Fest is like that but you have food trucks around the states come down.  Famous ones such as the Lobster Lady, White Castle, Seoul Sausage, and Nonna's Kitchenette (season 3 finalist of the Great Food Truck Race). They even serve alcohol with a full on carnival, arts and crafts, and DJ's spinning today's tunes.Cost was $10 which they give you a wrist band that is good for all three days.  Unfortunately I had to leave Saturday so I only got to experience some of the food trucks during the day time.  There was two entrances and plenty of free parking.Yelp had their own tent and when you checked in, you got admittance into their tent where there was places to sit and play games.  They were giving away Yelp mints and pens.  Thank you Yelp for a place to sit in the shade and enjoy my food.I enjoyed this so much that I hope to come back next year.
4	Positives: Large variety of food trucks.Kids under 54" get in free.Negatives:  $10 just to get in and walk aroundNot a lot of shade Hour long lines at the more desirable food trucks (though no lines at some lesser known ones. )Some very rude people pretty much ruined my dining experience. Im going to call them out on it right here in public too. I had my three kids and noplace to sit. We found a table with three chairs and sat them down. The rest of the table was full of men in their forties and fifties. They were just sitting there, not earing, shooting the sh@t. Several of the men got up and my three year old son sat in one of the empty seats. Ten minutes later one of the men came back and rather than sit in the empty seat next to my son, he told my three year old to move. I said "youre gonna make a three year old move when you could sit right there?!?" He then proceeded to tell me that this was THEIR table and that WE were being rude for sitting there! Then he & his douchebag friends sat there snickering like they were in high school. EXCUSE ME?!? I didnt know there was assigned seating. What an a$$hole. I hope he chokes on a chicken bone.
1	Hi Y'allI want to first say, I will be trying and supporting the food trucks and go to more in the future!This one star is about the organizers and the police that basically created a fiasco at the opening on Sunday.Did you all get a chance to try out the food trucks that weekend?  Guess what, after a less than stellar day on Saturday,  We decided to try out the place again!  Yep, I felt since we gave it a 2.5 star rounded to 2, we would try it again because we may have been a bit judgmental or just mental.......1.  Orange Wrist Band - Decided to wear these for another 24 hours. Nice, orange, and wearing it on a warm day makes for many conversations.  Guess what, I was selling it. Telling all to come to the Silverton, all about the trucks and the variety of foods and etc. 2.  Confirmation - Oh yeah, asked the organizers and security how we can reenter on Sunday and they said come in through the exit line and bypass the regular line for the online and the cash paying attendants.  (The long line)3.  Sunday - Got there at 11:30, The regular line was already about 120 yards long and getting longer. (Church everyone!  Come on it is Sunday:)...4. To Band or not to Band.... So, we stood in the line with the other orange wrist band peeps which was about 100 people compared to the many hundreds in the paying line. We were near the entrance and the others were lining  on the side.  We had a few peeps in the front of the regular line who must have been there for hours.  I think the first 20 yards of people in the paying line were there for hours.5.  The coppers - The sun burned White Castle devotees in the front of the line were complaining about all us returning wrist band folks.  We did not respond but just all explained what the organizers and security were telling us from the day before, just following the instructions and the rules and the benefit of buying the wristbands... The cops came up, and advised us in the exit line to disperse.  We advised them of the organizers rules and so the cops said, okay, sorry we just got here.  Then after minutes, they spoke to the organizers and the organizers also made comments to the crowd.  Now, we were really set, the all the wrist band peeps lined up a bit tighter and the other lines were not happy.6.  The decision -  The cops did not like the 12 people in front of the regular line who were sun burned and vocal.  Meaning that these folks were complaining that they were there for hours and it was not fair and all that.  The coppers made a decision to allow 10% of the wrist band folks to enter the exit line as normal, and the rest of us had to go to the back of the line.  I asked the cop why make that decision to satisfy 12 people out of 100 of people who were following the rules. He said "I am making a command decision".  Not sure , but when does a respectable decision include making one to suit 12 people who are NOT following the rules against 100 who followed the rule.  He said, Sorry, just made a decision, go to the back of the other line.  Well, that was the law!  We pay for that!  Very interesting.7.  The organizers - They retreated back to their cashier line. They did not stick up for their words, we looked at them and all we saw were their backs as they were walking away to count their cash.  We headed to our car in the parking lot.  All the parking attendants and security were telling the incoming crowd with wristbands to GO TO THE EXIT LINE.  Where the cops were directing them against all logic and rules to the back of the other line. Funny.None of this matters.  I apologize for ranting and a 1 star.  It is just that organization and support are key to any event and this was not acceptable. The food is great, the trucks are fantastic,  I give the food, the vendors a 5 STAR and will always support them.  The organizers, and the attendants - shame on you for not supporting all of us that support you. Shame on us for paying for and accepting your rules and following them.The cops, I am afraid to comment on your abilities other than fact that I have been to many communist countries for work and all I can say is hmmmmm......GK says continue to support the food trucks.  This is capitalism in action. You get a great product for what you pay for.  5 star for them.  Yeah.
3	Oh man it was a very hot day when we came here.  I really wanted to indulge in a lot of food, but I couldn't stand the heat.  We managed to eat at Jogaski and Seoul Sausage.  For the total of wait time, I don't know if it was all worth it, and the price, I just couldn't justify me returning the next day.  Granted, yes your bands-that are waterproof they said, will allow you to return to the festival, but as I said, the wait and prices didn't sway me to return.  The food I did get to try, Jogaski's Spicy Tuna Burrito Roll, that was good.  Not bad for sushi from a truck.  I'll give you a simple explanation, its a huge hand roll wrapped in soy paper.  Didn't wow me, but it wasn't bad.  Seoul Sausage, Jesse N.  was my trooper and stood in line while I sat in the shade.  He got us fire balls and a Kalbi hot dog.  Fire balls was a deep fried rice ball covered in Panko and Siracha Mayo to dip.  Kalbi Hot Dog-the concept itself was yum.  Served it with KimChee-Craut.   We are food adventurous, so the hot dog with KimChee, its been done by us..at home, but yes a must try. Festival wasn't bad or anything, because we love attending these festivities, but wait time on waiting for food takes away the excitement and the weather, makes it even harder to enjoy, and the prices, it was killing our pocket.  I see that they are bringing in different food vendors, which is fantastic, and shocked me when I saw the White Castle line.  People were putting in orders for big ol boxes of burgers...hmmm was it really that good to wait so long and not be able to try other places??  Still a wonder to me.  Heard people waited for hours!!  My tummy couldn't wait that long
4	I've been to all 3 foodie fests and this was my favorite so far.I went here on Friday when it opened about one hour after opening and the line for White Castle was already hours long.  The whole White Castle thing (while awesome in concept) was poorly planned and executed and needless to say I have still never had White Castle.  They had boxes of 100 sliders available for sale and apparently they weren't anticipating that many people buying them.  I guess they didn't realize there isn't a White Castle for miles, because people were going to town on that deal and backing up the line.  The bf and I stood in the ordering line for about 15 mins before we realized they had stopped taking orders because they were so far behind and the wait at that point was 3.5 hours.  We decided to cut our loses and hopped out of line.  I heard rumors they were testing to see how well a White Castle would do out here; I hope they found their answer in people willing to wait hours in line.Anywho, we already planned where we wanted to eat.  We made it to the Maine Lobster Lady and Seoul Sausage.  We had seen the Maine Lobster Lady here last year, but we went on Sunday and they were closed since they ran out of food.  We got our lobster on and it was delicious!  The whole belly clam were actually my favorite.  This truck was rather pricey though.Seoul Sausage didn't disappoint.  And, the actual guys from the food truck race were there!  We got both the flaming and osaka ball.  You get one honking ball per order and they came out piping hot. The flaming ball was spicy and the dip for it was yummy.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the osaka ball; just couldn't get into the curry too much.We visited the Oso Ono truck just for nostalgia purposes since it used to be the Snow Ono truck.  But I decided not to order anything when they told me they only have 2 sizes now (regular and large which are both too large for me anyways) and I saw they don't have the same hand cranked machine anymore.  That's what made that truck and I didn't see any point after that.Onto negatives. I think paying admission is annoying. I'm already spending money on food. Also, I could really do without the annoying and super loud DJ and stage and all that stuff.  I know Red Dragon hosts the event, but I'm there for the food. That said, I don't even really need the beer tent there (don't get me wrong, I love my beer).  Or the carnival rides for that matter.  I wish it was JUST a foodie fest like it claims to be, then maybe the admission would be less or nonexistent. But I'm a sucker for food trucks and will keep going as long as there's some truck there I want to visit.
3	I have been to several Food Truck fests so going on Sunday I expected some to be gone and to be out of supplies, nature of the beast.Having said that....total let down. There were not that many trucks there first off, alot less than advertised. The parking wasn't actually that bad so the people complaining must never go to any events. The heat? It was a nice day out, there could have been a little more covered areas for the people who think 80 is killing them.The few trucks that were good and quick to serve whatever they had left hence the 3 stars.
5	Absolutely the best as always every year! :)If you are a food lover, this is a not missed event.There is all types of food and great entertainment for the whole family.
4	The fried Twinkie was pretty good
5	had an absolute ball! so happy white castle came to visit! can't wait for the next one later this year! i'm soooooooooooooooo there!
5	I thought this was a really good event, with a nice chance to meet other Yelpers at the lounge they set up. Originally my plan was to solely go there for Seoul Sausage which I was raving about to my friend. But as I walked about the area I noticed Nonna's kitchenette and it was on like Donkey Kong. My friend did really enjoy the Seoul food but when I came back to the table with my short rib tacoes and nachos, well we both agreed that Nonna's was worth the $10 cover charge to enter the festival .
2	Meh is right.First of all, you have to PAY to get in???!!??? (side note, thanks to yelp, we were in free!). It's not like there's any kind of ambiance (it's the parking lot of the silverton!) or even shade. Also, you don't get a damn thing included in the price of admission!There was a great selection of trucks, which is why I'm giving 2 stars. Unfortunately, the lines were so long at all of them, we ended up making our selections based on the shortness of the line. The little one and I had a fancy grilled cheese, which was really good, although slightly overpriced at $8. Mr. A had a po'boy from I can't remember where, which was good, but light on the shrimp and, again, overpriced, at $9. Add in a side of mac & cheese at $5 (and it was dinky....it came in one of those tiny paper cups that could be used to serve a small ice cream), a soda, and a watermelon lemonade at $3 (delicious), and we've spent $30 on food for 2 that is one step above fast food. Note on the lines: we were there on Sunday and White Castle was up to a 6 hour wait!!! Weird because I've had those burgers in the Midwest and they're not even good. People were literally ordering 100 at a time. I would have liked to try Fukuburger since I've never had the chance, but their line was over an hour. No thanks.We were able to find a seat under the canopy, so at least there was that.Also, the foodie fest was connected to a carnival, which added to the crowd.
3	Fun to see all the different food types, but the lines where way to long for anything good. White Castle was sold out the day before pretty much or you had to wait in line all day.. Might go next year but be more perpared..
4	Good selection of food trucks. It was fun and we will definitely be back!
4	Great festival for us foodies that have tried most spots in Vegas and want something new to satisfy our taste buds. It should be free or if they are going to charge admission at least throw in something with it. I like the options of different types of food and their menus. I always find something out of this world delicious! Go if you haven't already.
3	I went for White Castle. Th line was insane... Otherwise it was a decent event. Lots of different food vendors form everywhere. The food I tried from the various vendors over my couple of days in attendance was good. If they come back agin next year I would most likely attend again but it would not be a must attend event for me.
5	I'm as amazed as you are that I'm giving this event a full five stars.This is my second time here. I managed to score a free wristband and +1 again (much love and respect for Drew A. & Yelp, as well as Red Dragon). I learned through the grapevine that we had to go through the VIP entrance for wristbands because they had the list, so I walked around the perimeter to get there. Luckily, I met a nice lady who knew about the Yelp list.After scoping out the place (and putting in an order while waiting for my friend to arrive), I commenced on a 4 hour feast that was surprisingly full of hits. Buckle up tight, it's gonna be a long read...- Fukuburger: yes, I know it's local. Yes, locals should want to try out of town food. But Fukuburger is just so dang good that you can't pass it up. I thoroughly enjoyed my #4 Kinoko (mushroom) burger and a few bites of my friend's #2 Tamago (egg). Best truck here, as I knew they would be. The festival price was $6 per burger, by the way.- White Castle: major props to Jennifer L. She was already in line, and she was so nice as to get me extra sliders. I handed her 2 for $2 (out of a sack of ten sliders, I think). Verdict? "It was okay." I saw that the line was still pretty crazy on Friday, but it was a little better on Sunday when I looked. They brought in more manpower and machines this year, and I saw lots of people walking around with binders full of wom... I mean boxes full of sliders.- Jogasaki Sushi Burrito: took the plunge this year. We went for the 4B, which had spicy salmon, shrimp tempura, and eel. I love all of the ingredients, and it wasn't that much of a surprise that I loved the combination. They were even nice enough to cut it in half for us to share! It was $14, but the $8 is about half the size and easier on the stomach if you're solo.- Phantom: interesting Asian/Mexican fusion going on here. We went for the JuDu fries (medium for $6?), which had pork belly, an awesome sauce, and a nice complement in the cilantro. But I felt that the fries were underdone and kinda grainy. At least they absorbed the sauce well enough. I would suggest the JuDu taco, which should have the upside of the pork belly without the dead weight of the fries.- Tornado Potato: heck no, I'm not going back for those flavorless spuds. Actually, we saw some strawberry lemonade earlier and decided that a refreshing drink would be well worth the $3.50. It was okay. I probably would get a refreshing dessert at this point next time instead.- Vizzi Truck: ... we ended up with these potatoes instead. They were called confit crispy potatoes, but they weren't crispy at all, and they didn't seem to contain any horseradish in the creamy sauce or any bacon. They were still pretty decent, however, and it was a surprisingly gigantic portion for just $4. If that's a markup, then regular Vizzi-tors (haha, get it?) must be getting a great deal.- Fluff Ice: I chose this place over some of the Hawaiian-style shaved ice trucks based partially on a friend's recommendation. She said it was better than local shop Snowflake Shavery, and I have to admit that it's hard to argue with that statement based on my order. It was a combination whose name escapes me, but it's Thai Tea fluff ice with egg pudding, lychee jelly, and condensed milk.Come to think of it, I may not have gotten the condensed milk, but it was still great. The texture felt the same to me as Snowflake's version, and the Thai Tea flavor was quite pronounced, as opposed to the subtle snow ice at Snowflake. The cost was $5 for my "regular"/"medium" size, which I'm now thinking may be normally referred to as a small size because it was the second smallest of the cups that were visible. Oh well, special event markup, right?- Jogasaki, part 2: by 8pm, there was quite a big line. I feel like the line may have been big because of the line. People wanna go where other people are because it's obviously going to be good, right? Amazingly, I got through the line in about 20 minutes (so maybe 1 min per person at most) and got my to-go order soon afterward. It was a 4B.By the way, the Sunday night Jogasaki was monstrous.[UPDATE: Went again on Sunday night. Four star experience for Sunday alone, with pretty solid items from Buttermilk, Q Up BBQ, Dogzilla, and Tropical Shave Ice. Preferred some of my Friday choices, but these trucks aren't bad.]Overall, there are still two certain things about Foodie Fest: death (from boredom in lines) and taxes (aka raising the price). But think about it: it's a captive audience (think any fair or amusement park), there's so many options in one place, and a lot of these guys are from out of town and need the extra gas money anyway. As for lines, there were hardly any at the gate when I left each evening, and White Castle will be White Castle, but the true food trucks are pretty efficient. So just make sure to get free tickets or pre-pay online, and then somehow get lucky as I did on the first night.
5	What a great Vegas afternoon!  Excellent beer, amazing good trucks, so much fun!  The 3 amigos at Vizzi food truck was amazing, I would highly recommend.
1	Huge disappointment. Went to White Castle burgers and it tasted just like the frozen ones you buy in store. Both shaved Ice trucks was decent and the funnel cakes. Pops Soda way too sweet. Got a Fosters Lager from Miller lite tent and if course it was warm. When you go to a foodie fest you expect them to get at least the food right. WTF pizza- Got the pizza and I said WTF! tried FUKU burger- If you don't have a palate you'll enjoy it. Another big disappointment Nonna's kitchenette from great food truck race- it appears maybe they sold the rights to use emblem and menu but after tasting the menu items it's no wonder they didn't win. Foodie fest should change the name to Crap Fest. Save your money.
4	Very cool. Went Friday and Saturday. Gorged ourselves on so many awesome items. We came from California just fir White Castle. Was my first Foodie Fest and my first White Castle. Was worth it in both regards. We had candied bacon, lobster grilled cheese, sushi burritos, champagne and vodka infused cupcakes, tj style corn, BBQ, the list goes on. We would definitely hit the fest again.
4	This was my first time at Vegas Foodie Fest. I have wanted to go in the past, but my work schedule always got in the way. Welp, yesterday I finally made it! My husband and I met up with some friends here and I have to say, I thought the event was better than I was expecting!The older I get the less desirous I become of going to these types of events. The hustle to get in, the bloated prices, the noise, too many people, etc. Luckily though... my husband and I didn't wait too long to get in to the event. Probably about 6 minutes. The line went fast. They gave my husband a Military discount, but not me. (Err, okay. Most places will give the entire family of the active duty person the discount, but to each their own I guess.) So I paid full price. Once we got in we went immediately to the food trucks, away from the carnie rides and the... car show? Odd assortments of cars were on display. Oookay. Anyway, back to the food.Devilicous Truck: We got the Parm Truffle Fries and a Guava Lemonade to start out. I got this lemonade because it was the cheapest drink out of all the trucks at $3.50. All the other trucks were selling specialty drinks for $5! Highway robbery! I like this drink, it was really tart, with a bit of sweet. The fries were pretty tasty with big chunks of grated Parmesan on them.Muncheez: My husband wanted a grilled cheese from this truck. I did not. I've been burned by Muncheez in the past, but I think maybe they've refined their menu since I last had them. My husband got a simple "create-your-own" grilled cheese. Cheese, ham and sourdough. It was all right. But we waited way too long to get it.Sin City Hot Dogs: I got the Boulevard dog as my main meal. After much agonizing I felt as though this truck had really interesting combos of food at the right prices. I paid $7 for my dog and it was AWESOME. Big, juicy, and meaty. The bun was not dry, but a very nice bread. And the toppings were out of this world - grilled onions, mayo, mustard, jalapeno sauce, and a layer of re-fried beans underneath. Two thumbs up!BaconMania: For our last indulgence we got the deep fried bacon wrapped brownie bites, covered in Hershey's melted chocolate. Wow. I mean, I hate to say it, but these were really, really good. Overall I enjoyed the Foodie Fest. I would return to another. I think food truck prices in general are a bit steep. I mean, 5 bucks for a drink? MEH! But... I guess it's just the price you pay for these "all-star" trucks and their food. I think you just have to really search to get your monies worth. The $10 price to get in isn't bad... but I hope they never raise the price. I don't see myself paying more than that to get in the door and the spend MORE money on the inflated food prices.
4	My first time at Foodie Fest on Friday night was fantastic. Short lines, indulging in fare that's not healthy at all - yeehaw!  I bought tickets for Mel and I online and that resulted in no wait at the entrance.  The trucks we visited and the food we shared:- Nonna's (risotto balls, meatball slider, chicken slider)- Tornado Potato (the garlic parmesan)- Devilicious (lobster grilled cheese)- Tasty Island food booth (Jamaican beef patty), - Buttermilk Truck (red velvet pancakes)- Island Time Floats (Dole Whip pineapple float)-I had this all by myself since Mel is allergic.- The Cookie Bar (Peanut Butter Kitchen Sink) -I had a taste of Mel's bar--yum!!I also bought two t-shirts from Bad Pickle T-Shirts.We had a blast eating this food that would give my trainer a heart attack to see and socializing with fellow Yelpers who were also there to get their grub on.  I expected it to be packed, but it really wasn't, so I'm glad we went that night.  Bring your cash and appetite--Foodie Fest is not cheap, but it sure is filling!
5	My bf and I walked the entire lot BEFORE making our choices. Do you know how hard that was??? VERY. Top picks: Wa Da Pho, Fluff Ice, FuKu burger, and(Greek place with Zues fries). There were others we would've tried if our stomaches permitted, but they did not. Next time we know to train like an eating contest:)
4	The Las Vegas Foodie Fest is one of those places that you have to try at least once whether you're local or just happen to be in town.  Couple of things first...-There's nothing really healthy here-It's all about the food trucks-You will have to pay for admission-Prices for almost everything is double and almost triple for what you get-Expect a long line at White Castle, which in my opinion is an overrated greasy mess. All that being said, I still had a fun time at this year's Foodie Fest.  I admit, I never really got into this whole "Food Truck" thang. I use to live in San Diego where once a year we had the Del Mar Fair.  If you ever been, then you would know that the Del Mar Fair is all food trucks.  But I learned to appreciate the food trucks and enjoy the fun eating that comes with it.  First of all, we were very lucky that we didn't experience the lines to enter and lines at each stop.  We avoided White Castle, which looked like a 45 minutes wait just for their infamous sliders.  Places we tried included the Buttermilk Truck for their red velvet pancakes, Tasty Island for their Jamaican beef patty, Tornado Potato for the garlic fries on a stick, Nonna's for a couple of sliders and Risotto balls, Devilicious for the lobster grilled cheese sandwich, and the Cookie Bar for sweets.  My favorite was Devilicious' lobster grilled cheese. All of this was grubbin' was obtainable Terri R and I shared everything.  Overall, I am a fan of the Foodie Fest because it's fun and you get to nom on some eats/treats that only come around about twice a year. So, here's my tip...-Don't go here if you're on a diet-Come here hungry-Don't get caught up with one food truck. Instead, buy from multiple food trucks and sample.  -There's more than just food trucks here.  Enjoy what else the Foodie Fest has to offer (i.e. the Rice Rocket Car Show, Rides, Music, Store Vendors, etc)-Find the Yelp tent and hang out.  Always cool to bump into fellow Yelpers, especially ones that are friends.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (467/500)
4	Not too shabby, Red Dragon. This is the third consecutive year I've been to the foodie fest and this year was as smooth as ever. Yes, there were long lines. Yes, the food was marked up quite a bit. But, I still managed to get some grub in and listen to various types of music while I was at it.  As far as food vendors, I saw some familiar faces/trucks and some brand new additions to the foodie fest vendor list so it was a nice mix between the regular favorites and the uncharted culinary offerings; speaking personally of course.Overall, the event was chill (even though there were tons of people) and I plan to be back next year for another round. Good food, good fun.
4	I'm sure it matters a lot what time you come - I was meeting a friend on Sunday and she had no wait to get in, 10 minutes later the line started forming.It was definitely worth it to buy the tickets online - much quicker to get in.White Rabbit - I had the pork sisig burrito, without having a clue what this was.  Delicious!  The crispy bits of pork were addictive, where can I get this again?Potato Tornado - I tried the zucchini tornado - goodTwisted Lemonade - Extra bonus points for serving a fresh lemonade (I tried twisted cherry) that was refreshing and not too sweet.Tasty Island - Rum cake was disappointingI started wimping out and getting full, but i would absolutely go back another time and try some of the other food that looked so good!
4	FINAL DAY SUNDAY LATE AFTERNOONThe traffic into the Silverton parking lots was incredibly busy. I had no preconceived notion that it would be this large of a turnout. From what I have seen of this event is has become big time.  I think it could even rival the Greek Festival.Along the southern perimeter were parked the So-Cal food trucks. Yu-go chauffeur sat and saved a few seats at a table as I went out an stood in line to retrieve amazing food from a couple of the trucks. Time and tummy space was limited.  So I only tried two food trucks.Next year I'll have to reserve all three days to fully take advantage of this Las Vegas premier foodie event.
4	I definitely enjoyed going to this event. I have a military I.d. so the lady at the front discounted both me and my boyfriend's ticket. (I heard some people were only discounting the single person, I guess I got a good one.) $8 instead of $10 per ticket. I do have to credit enjoying this event  to not having to wait in long lines since I went the last day on Sunday at 7pm especially since I CAN NOT stand waiting too long when I'm hungry. I will end up eating someone's head off  haha.Let's start with my two favorite items:I had to get my Bacon Fuku Burger first, I always have to get something from them anytime they're at an event. Always delicious and not too bad for $6. I only wish their music wasn't sooo loud, the nice girl taking my order could barely hear me and you can barely hear when they call your name that your order is ready.I then tried this amazing BLT Lobster Roll, I can't exactly remember the food truck name but it was delicious. I mean for $16, it better be. The roll was toasted and buttery and extremely flavorful and the lobster was in nice chunky pieces, very sweet and light and all the other characteristics of what I want when I eat lobster.I then had some fried Risotto balls which were good but not exactly memorable, a Hawaiian inspired short rib taco with kimchee which was super flavorful and tender, and a fried milky way, oh my poor diet, it was way better than I thought it would be. Overall, I am definitely going next time they host Foodie Fest again and will definitely reccommend to go the last day at night so that the lines aren't long :)
4	So I went back to foodie fest and this time I was pleasantly surprised. Thank you for listening Foodie Fest. First off White Castle had 3 trucks instead of the one, last time, and they had 4 lines instead of two and the best part no 4 hour wait. They also brought in more food trucks and the wait was much shorter than last time. The VIP tent was still the bomb with free drinks. Of coarse I had the sushi burrito again and it was awesome. Can't wait for the next one
1	Completely overrated. The food trucks weren't any better than just going to a restaurant. I think the dumbest concept food truck was the sushi burritos. ITS JUST A FREAKING UNCUT SUSHI ROLL WRAPPED IN SOY PAPER!!!! Theres no "burrito" ingredients. What a rip off. Skip this event because you have to pay 10 dollars to get in for mediocre food.
5	I had an amazing time at the Foodie Fest. Lots of options and the prices were average, keep in mind when you go to this types of food festivals its always going to be pricey. The lines were also not that bad.
1	This year was horrible no info on website , very confusing . They said a shuttle was offered and nobody had any idea about it . I saw people lined up at 2 gates that never opened because nobody knew what side the entrance was on .  They posted on face book at 2:45 pm come see jabbawockeez at 3:00 pm at 2:59 they said it was cancelled . Red dragon is obviously only interested in making money not in customer service . We are so disappointed .
5	The Best food truck festival in Las Vegas this festival is ran to a tee with Great people running the show .. A must if you haven't been yet gotta go!
