5	Every local has a special place in their hearts for the Cameo. The cinema is a bit of an institution and recent attempts to take it over or close it down have sparked huge uproar. Well done Edinburgh I say- it would be such a shame if this place lost any of its charm. The Sunday double bill is my favourite offering from this place- watching two films which are somehow related makes a real afternoon of a cinema trip. The bar area is also great and offers free wi-fi. Staff are lovely and drinks are reasonable. A great cinema!
5	Adorable old school cinema complete with velvet curtains!  We used to come here for the Sunday double features all of the time.  My favorite was the Breakfast Club and Donnie Darko double feature, it seems like a strange pairing but it really worked.  The cinema had some newer movies but also classics and great independent films.  I wish I had a cinema like that near me now.
5	The Cameo is an old style cinema comprising of three screens, it's situated in the Tollcross area of the city and is one of my favourite Edinburgh haunts. Cinema one is how I imagine all cinemas to have been in days gone by; plush red velvet seats, ornate pillars and high ceillings. The other two screens are smaller and more intimate, but still provide a good viewing experience. The cinema shows a good mix of films, with some big releases and some more obscure independent offerings. The sunday double bill is free for members and is a great way to spend a hungover afternoon, there's also an excellent bar that allows you to take drinks into the films (hurrah!). The toilets downstairs are in need of renovation, but I believe this is planned for the future once the funds have been raised.This place is a gem in a city full of soulless multiplexes. Definitely worth a visit.
4	When I was growing up, the closest cinema to me was a 30 minute car journey away, and that cinema only had one screen and was about three months behind everywhere else, so if I wanted to see something in particular I would have to travel at least 2hours to get to one of the mega-complex cinemas. As a result, I tend to look at smaller, less appreciated cinemas with a sense of fondness, cinema's like the Cameo in Tolcross.Ok, it doesn't look like much but the 50s style 'Now Showing' board at the front adds character for what it lacks in structure. The red velvet curtains and gold-plaited popcorn boxes bring back fond memories for me, and was a novelty to my friends. It has become retro - not because they have slaved over the decor, but because it simply hasn't changed.The cinemas themselves are beautiful, the main one is huge with curving rows of seats. It's really nice to go to a traditional cinema now and again. They show all the new releases, as well as some less-known edgy indie films. There's something for everyone at the cameo.It's worth going to the Cameo to see that film that you were going to go to the Omni centre for . Why, I hear you ask? Why not? It's a different experience, same film. It's not that comfortable if the film is long, and the huge rooms make it easy to get cold, but it's really pleasant.
4	It's impressive that the Cameo manages to charm you with its Edwardian theme, red velvet decorations and overall arthouse cinema style when usual cinema goers just want to laze in a chair and stair at a screen.The Cameo is pretty unique as far as cinemas go, showing a decent handful of classic and foreign films and even offering Q & A nights with certain directors/script writers.The usual ice cream, pop corn, drinks etc are all top notch here, cementing itself as a true cinema lovers haunt.
5	Its no word of a lie when I say this place is an Edinburgh institution - it has become such an important poart of the fabric of society, that I cant ever see this amazing Edwardain Cinema ever being shut down or taken over, despite repeated attempts.The inside is mode like a theatre than a cienema, and it really does add a sense of wonder and childish fun to going to the cinema, as if the soul of cinema (which is always missing in multiplexes) has come back. A real sense of occasion.Staff are great, and so are the actual screens - comfy seats and plenty of leg room. The cost of all this is cheaper than you might expect too.There is one thing that deserves special mention - the Sunday Double Bills. Im not sure if this phenomenon is every Sunday or not, but usually there is a double bill of films that are linked or are sequels of eachother. A great way to spend a day.
4	I'm all over a bit of art house cinema banter, and the Cameo is no exception. Long established on the Edinburgh film scene as one of the hippest independent cinemas to attend, (looking arty and brooding in the back row is compulsory) what the Cameo lacks in size, it makes up for in spot on film choices and atmosphere, and any cinema that manages to retain its unique identity is more preferable to me than going to a big multiplex chain cinema, which has had to conform to a set formula.The small screen sizes might not be for those who prefer their films to be shown on the biggest size of screen it's physically possible to make, but I think they suit the relaxed attitude of the cinema and its film goers, and I don't think showing a film on a smaller screen is to the detriment of the quality of the film, or the experience. Recommended, highly.
5	You can't beat an arthouse cinema for a bit of chin-stroking. I once visited one in Dresden that literally hadn't been touched decoratively since the 20s, and I always find that any annoyance caused by the poor sound, tiny screens and musty smell are all nullified by the feeling of self-satisfaction that comes over you as you realise you're a clever, intellectual tosser.Multiplexes are beginning to show more obscure films wih each passing year, so, in many ways I fear for the future of places like The Cameo, but it always seems to be doing well, and with a great mix of old classics, oddities and moderns stuff that doesn't hit the mainstream, it fully deserves to.
5	It makes me so sad to think that there are so few old cinemas left and instead they have been replaced by soulless new stylish ones with absolutely no atmosphere at all. I love arthouse cinemas like Cameo where the chairs have been well worn by all the previous cinema goers and the smell of stale popcorn lingers in the air... it's what going to the cinema is all about!Cameo only has three screens and they don't offer the most seats so it's best to book tickets in advance if there's something you really want to see. Chances are if there's an independent of foreign film you want to see they'll have it showing here and they also show old classics too as well of newbies, of course.Thumbs up from me, I just wish there were more cinemas around with as much charm as the delightful Cameo.
4	Cameo is one of two main independent cinemas within central Edinburgh, both within very close proximity. I have been here many a time and find it a great alternative to the, also close by, Odeon cinema.The Cameo shows a good mixture of the usual popular films as well as world cinema and documentaries. Their selection of world cinema does still tend toward the more mainstream. The Filmhouse down the road often shows more unusual  and obscure films which can be great, or they can be terrible. Cameo, for me, is better for more reliable, predictable film viewings.The problem with reviewing cinemas is that you will always be somewhat limited. So much of the experience is goverend by the film you are seeing. However cinemas like Cameo do a good job of creating an atmosphere that makes you want to see a film (although I think ultimately the nearby Filmhouse does this better).  For what it's worth though, I think the Cameo shows films of a generally high standard.Cameo also has a decent bar attached, great for a pre or post film drink. I also think this makes the Cameo a great first date option, a good comprimise between easy film watching but with the opportunity to have a chat over a drink without straying too far (there are also lots of decent restaraunts nearby).
4	These old-school cinemas just have so much more charm than the big chains, like the Odeon along the street. When you step through the door, under the big neon board outside which proudly announces all the films currently on show and into the lobby, you feel as though you're walking into a picure house in the 1950s. But in a good way.They have a mix of current blockbusters on show, like Inception, alongside arty and foreign films to suit the high-brow types. The downside though, is that with it being a smaller independent cinema it has much fewer films on show as the bigger ones do.
5	I'd read the sterling reviews of this place by my fellow Yelper's so I was compelled to see for myself just what the Cameo had to offer.It's an old fashioned cinema that puts on a number of films, from intelligent blockbusters to B Movies, world cinema and cult classics. It's been an independent cinema since the 50s and plays a huge role in the Edinburgh Film Festival.Cinemas that have remained unscathed since the arrival of the multiplex get my vote any day of the week, and with its old seats and embellished interior design on the ceiling, it truly is a window into cinema culture of the past. But what makes me respect this cinema infinitely more is the fact they are now running showings of The Room, which in case you didn't know is a cult classic because it's so crap. It's built up a following of Rocky Horror proportions and is best watched in a setting like this since audience participation is apparently something to behold. It's next showing on the 31st and I would urge you to go watch it - it has to be seen to be believed.
3	What's that slightly odd cabbage-y smell? And after sitting in here for 2 hours, is it going to stick to my hair and clothes?These are not the first thoughts you want to have upon entering a cinema. Cinemas are cinemas, they show you films. Some show blockbusters, some show arthousey types. But as long as the seats are comfy, the screen big, and the popcorn plentiful, what can go wrong?I'll happily go to Odean or Omni for blockbusters, but when I wanted to see the French film L'Illusionsite (a beautiful film set in Edinburgh) I thought the Cameo would be a better choice. Smaller, off the beaten track so a calmer audience.Like I said, it smelt funny. And the toilets were really badly kept. No toilet paper, broken lights, broken doors, soap dispensers broken, and COLD. So, they showed me my move. Fair enough. But they really could do something about the smell. The seats are comfy though.
1	I'm not sure how only one other reviewer mentioned the smell of this place. but it overpowers any good qualities this theatre has. Once passing through the front doors, you are greeted immediately by a very strong dirty bathroom odor which follows you until the doors to the theatre (not a very big entrance). Once entering the theatre, the bad bathroom smell is mixed with a moldy mildew odor that, when combined with the bathroom smell, is almost unbearable. It completely detracts from whatever film you are watching, and my boyfriend's breathing became heavy for two days because of the amount of mold we were breathing in while sitting there. With numerous other cinemas around (even with a block or two) of Cameo, I'm not sure how it continues to stay in business. The theatre itself is gorgeous, with lovely crown moldings and interior architecture, and it's a shame that the place smells so bad. It made me feel dirty just being there. I would recommend going to a different theatre nearby, it won't be difficult finding a suitable alternative.
5	By far my favourite cinema! Where the Cineworld's and Odeon's of this world may be a mecca for big blockbuster movies, this is the ideal place to visit for those more obscure movie going experiences.They offer a regular Sunday double-bill (free for membership holders), as-well-as special screenings for senior citizens, parents and even a regular autism-friendly screening, which is something I've never seen offered at any other cinema.  They also play host to live Met. Opera and Ballet for the culturally inclined, and if you keep an eye out on the web site, there's even an All Night Horror experience that I highly recommend for anyone who loves a bit of 'Flesh for Frankenstein' or 'Evil Dead;...they even go out of their way to find movies on 35mm print for a more authentic experience.My first trip to the Cameo was for a special showing of 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show'; everyone got dressed up and brought toast to throw at the screen; they wouldn't appreciate this kind of thing in many of the larger chain cinema's!There are a lot of complaints from other reviewer's about the smell and the facilities on offer; it's worth noting that they are currently in the middle of an extensive refurbishment, and there has been a great deal of improvement in recent months.  The ladies toilets have been rebuilt and modernised, and I understand the gents aren't too shabby either.  Any lingering smell in screen one is dissipating and not so noticeable any more, so you can eat your popcorn without worrying about your personal safety!
5	I love this place. The hubs and I first came here last month and saw Cameron Crowe's documentary on Pearl Jam  "Twenty". The movie was amazing. The theater was packed but there really isn't a bad seat in the house so it wasn't a problem. And there we sat, enjoying great film and music with our beer and wine. Yes, I come from America where you cannot bring beer or wine or, frankly, anything that you did not fork over an arm and a leg for at the concession stand. So when we got here and you could buy beer, wine, etc. at the bar, we were all in! We went back this past weekend and saw Midnight in Paris. We also ended up signing up for their membership which is super affordable (only a few pounds more than it is for all the free tickets you get with it) and you get discounts on everything and free double movies on Sundays. Totally worth it if you ask me. And yes, Midnight in Paris had been out in cinemas for several months but, if you're not in a rush (which we weren't) and want to pay cheaper ticket prices (yay!) then go here! The character of the building, lobby, and theatres have a lot of beautiful character and the bar is a nice place to hang out before/after the movie. Also, the seats are super comfy!
5	Went last night and had a blast. They were showing Singin' in the Rain. Oh my.. I love that movie. I had a really easy experience, and enjoyed the independent venue vibe. Also, really comfy seats and intimate showing (compared to many!). Never went to the bar, but easy to go for a pint across the road when you're done! Perfect date night :) plus student discount! I believe 11.60 for 2 student tickets :)
4	This place is great for anyone who loves good old fashioned cinemas!I went for the first time the other night to see The Muppets... it was like being in the actual Muppet theatre, so good! The seats are comfortable, there is loads of leg room and I was happy to see that even as early as 8.30pm during half term, there were no children in the screen. (I'm glad that a new generation are being introduced to the Muppets, just not on my watch!)Overall, I had a great evening at Cameo and will definitely be keeping an eye out from the bus to see what is on the board in future!
5	Surely you've been to or at least heard of the Cameo. It's definitely an Edinburgh institution.Cameo snubs its nose at the expensive frills embraced by the cinema-goliaths. Everything seems to be done as a "fuck you" to the Vues and Cineworlds, done with this seedy-glamorous charm that makes you feel like you're part of the club just by being there. Aside from all that, though, they play some f'ing AWESOME movies. The sunday double-bills hit the mark regularly and some of the movie feature nights are an absolute gas. Tip for young players: go see 'The Room' if you ever get the chance.In fact, go see any movie here played in cinema 1, that gorgeous room makes anything amazing. I would even go see a double-bill featuring 'Transformers 2' followed by 'Spiderman 3' if it was in cinema 1. Maybe.
4	Yay! I'm a fan indeed. I am a loyal Cameo customer and have been going to Edinburgh's arguably quirkiest (and definitely smelliest) cinema for many years. With respect to the nasal offensiveness, it's definitely on its way out. The cinema refurbed its ladies' loos last year and that's made a big difference, and their drains and pipes have been less stinky of late. I wonder if they've finally cleared up the problem? My issue with Cameo is the little things. The last three or four times I've been here small (but vitally important) things have hacked me off. The lack of staff on the counter, the lack of information on screening formats, the misinformation regarding cafe offerings, etc etc. These are small quibbles that have slowly built up to rub me up the wrong way. And I decided not to renew my membership when the cinema binned its (legendary) Sunday double bills. What the?! But despite these issues, I do want to support the Cameo. It's a stalwart of the city and I really hope it starts to pick itself up again and become the shining beacon of brilliance it once was for cinema-goers. There are some fabulous special events to treasure, like All Night Horror Madness, and you can come here for live theatre and ballet performances. There's also the Cameo's atmosphere - it just feels like a beat-up, loved and slightly whiffy member of Edinburgh's family. I really love the Cameo and hope it gets better with age, not worse.
5	The Cameo is lovely. The decor, the bar, everything. You can buy a pint of sausage rolls (complete with pint glass!) which made me giggle. I think I'd travel to the Cameo to see a film every now and then because of the nice ambience. The walls are decorated with film posters from yesteryears and it has a really nice homely feel. It's comparable to Glasgow's GFT but I'd say the Cameo is a lot more spacious and modern as opposed to the GFT's classic, lived in feel. I'll be back, Cameo!
4	"Trance" is more than your average heist movie, but a interesting nice, nasty & often gory account with a complicated sensual back story of mistrust and concealed recollections.After the deed goes slightly wrong, Simon (McAvoy) with help from hypnotherapist Elizabeth (Dawson) and Frank (Cassel) try to recover the misplaced Goya painting.Danny Boyle's sharp balance of directing leaves you guessing at times who did what, why the crime was committed and how each character blended with one other. Also set in London, so has places you might recognise, and will an uber cool soundtrack from the likes of Emeli Sandi it's the best thing I think Mr Boyle has directed since the London Olympics. (4 stars).
4	I've been to see many films here. Thus I sampled all screens. This is an "old school" kind of cinema. They're part of the Picture House group of independent film houses all over Europe. Quintin Tarantino called this his favourite cinema when showcasing his Dead Proof grind house film. This Is one of the very few cinemas where you can buy a beer in the bar and take it in with you to see your film (in a plastic cup). As I mentioned, I've sampled all viewing rooms. The big one is grand and is set up like a proper theatre, with massive curtains and arches. The smaller screens are what shows the difference. They are more like an (big) home cinema with around 60 seats. Though the sound is extremely good the screen in those smaller ones are certainly no IMAX. Don't expect anything more than an truly exceptional experience ;o) My few gripes is that the seats may have been comfortable in the 70's but ergonomics has moved on since then and they are closely situated to one another. They have special weekends and join in with the EIF the Edinburgh International film festival. You also have the opportunity to become a member which gives you discounts and all sorts of special offers.  This place is "cracking like a peanut!"
5	I am passionate about films and whenever I fancy a jaunt to the cinema, I'll always check the Cameo first. It strikes a perfect balance between current releases, independent and classic movies.It's not the overpriced, clinical, sterile cinema you'd expect from a Vue, Odeon, Cineworld ect. and is all the better for it. It has a reassuring, classical, well preserved art-deco interior. As soon as you set eyes on the cafe area and it's cinephilic decor, you know you are somewhere that has an appreciation for film. Which also extends to the friendly staff who also seem knowledgable and genuinely interested in talking about movies the cinema is screening.Even if you aren't going to see a movie, the bar is a relaxing space to be. They have a good range of beers and wines (which, more importantly, you can also take into the cinema with you) and good coffee.The bar menu also offers a good selection of freshly prepared food including delicious soups from Union of Genius and their own bread.Evenings also often consist of themed TV/movie marathons, film quizzes, music bios and one-off screenings.And Edinburgh institution and rightly so.
3	I've always liked the Cameo but have found myself going a lot less often in the last couple of years & so probably getting the bare minimum out of my membership.This is mainly due to it's programming mirroring that of the local Cineworld far too closely (even before Picturhouse Cinemas cane under that chain's umbrella). As a member there too I'm not likely to pay to see something at the Cameo when I've technically already done so at the multi-plex. Competing head-to-head in the arthouse market with The Filmhouse should be more what the Cameo's about.The place has had a re-fit of late and last night's trip to screen 2 was my first since that was completed. Having rotated the room through 45 degrees the screen is now in the southern wall with the new (in some cases double occupancy) seating arranged in 3 rows. The screen is bigger than the previous one and even sitting in the middle row it felt that it was too close. I'm also not convinced that sitting at the ends of any of the rows wouldn't leave you seeing less than the full screen. I'll be back though so time will tell.
