5	About a month ago I purchased a used Jetta and after a few weeks of driving the car the check engine light came on. Since I didn't know a mechanic that worked on VW's I went to Google to see what I could find. I called German Autoworks and talked to Mike (Owner). He said to bring the car by anytime and he would run a test. I took the car in later that day and he dropped what he was doing to run a test and I was on my way in no time. He gave me his recommendation which turned out to be correct and he did not charge me for anything.  I was impressed with how I was treated so made an appointment to have my ATF, fuel filter, and oil changed the next week. Again, the work was done and, since I had just purchased the car, he went over my whole car and said everything was good and did not recommend any additional work to be done. Bottom line: after having a couple of dealings with Mike at German Autoworks I feel I have found an honest and good mechanic which is hard to find these days. It was a pleasure doing business with him and I would definitely recommend him.
5	I've been taking my Beetle to Mike for years and am never disappointed.  Great prices, quality work.
5	Its hard to find a good mechanic in this town, but Mike at German Autowerks is the man when it comes to your VW/Audi.  I came to Mike under the recommendation of several members of a local VW club after I had a very unsavory experience with another local VW mechanic.  I drive an 85 Vanagon with a 90 Jetta diesel conversion, so it was important to me to find someone who knew these vehicles inside and out.  Mike has been working on VW diesels and vans since the 70's.  I have limited maintenance history on the van, but I put together a spreadsheet of all the receipts I had from the previous owner....the other mechanic I provided this to didn't even take a look at it....but Mike went over it in great detail so he could understand better what was going on.  The other mechanic told me I just needed to replace the rotors and pads on my brakes, but after Mike looked at it he determined they needed a complete overhaul...and called me to tell me why BEFORE he started the work.  He has completed several big maintenance items for me on the van, always sitting down with you when you go to pick it up and going over each item in detail, what he found, and what you may need to look out for in the future.  I also find his prices to be more than reasonable.  I'm so happy to have finally found a competent VW mechanic and will continue to take my van to Mike as long as he is in business!!
