2	Located in the Venetian food court.     We went here to grab a quick bite before hitting Club Tao -  needed some stomach filler to prepare for the alcohol pounding that was about to occur in Tao.    I have nothing much to say about this place.   It just plain sucks ass.   I ate a $12 burger,  but I think the $6 Carl's Jr. burger takes it out.     Stay away from this place and try the Italian deli next door.
4	Unfortunately I eat here almost every night ... it's not unfortunate because the food is bad but because I spend so much time inside casinosAs for the food, it is a bit pricey but you are inside the Venetian on the strip so you can't expect it to be the same price as a "normal" place but the food isn't bad ... The paninis are pretty damn good ... I usually get the grilled salmon salad which is also a great choice ... either of those will probably run you between $10-$12
5	What? Compared to Carl's Jr? Nooooo. This place is awesome ...Anyway i eat here when i can. It's pricey for a burger but when the steak burger melts in your mouth in such a heavenly way you forget you forked over 12 bucks for it. (well then you see your credit card bill and freak out) but this place is great. The fries aren't greasy either. I should probably order other items but the burger itsself keeps me coming back for more. :)
4	San Gennaro Grill is probably one of the last places you'd expect to go for a burger on the Strip, much less late at night.  I just stumbled upon this place because I had a late night craving for burger, was in the Venetian at the time, and needed something to absorb the big pomegranite martini I had earlier.  It's in the Venetian food court and is open really late.  I was a little turned off that it cost $11.50 for a mushroom swiss burger, but you have to expect that with anything on the Strip.  The burger was surprisingly good though and it satisfied my craving for the night.  Thinking that it was a fluke for that night, I came back again the next night and ordered the same thing.  It was still good, just as good as some of the upscale burger joints on the strip.  Would I go back again?  Maybe, only if I'm at the Venetian and don't feel like going to Grand Lux Cafe late at night.
1	Avoid the salmon patty sandwich unless you have lead stomach. My hubby ate here the first night and was sick the entire stay with food poisoning. Not wanting to believe that it came from this place, I ate the same thing 2 nights later since they make killer french fries, but I paid for it the next morning. This pretty much ruin our whole vacation.
4	I must admit, after having tried a cheesesteak sandwich from Philadelphia, the one I had here was pretty good. This place doesn't look like much because it's just another food court location, but you really get your value's worth. I got the chicken cheesesteak, which came with a generous portion of mushrooms, chicken, onions, and Swiss cheese. Not only that, but the size of the sandwich was enough for two people. If you are hungry and are on a budget because you spent your last hundred on craps, then head over here for something to fill your stomach with your near-empty wallet.
5	MMMMMMMM ... this place is GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!Everytime we're in Vegas, my husband and I must eat here. We usually split the Chicken Caesar & Mozzarella Panini. It is heavenly!!! Everything taste fresh! The bread has the perfect crunch on the outside and soft texture inside. The chicken is always moist. The mozzarella compliments the whole sandwich. To top all of this deliciousness off, the fries ARE THE BEST DANG FRIES EVER! You will not be disappointed. This is one of the few REALLY GOOD places to eat in Vegas.
4	YUM!  Ate at San Gennaro tonight and it was delicious.  The fries are just as good as everyone says - they are fresh cut.  I had the Chicken Philly Cheesesteak (comes with fries) and a regular drink for 16 dollars and some change.  Happy to pay that for the product I received,  The y use fresh peppers, mushrooms and onions and the chicken was SO moist.  The roll they put it on was great too.  I would definitely recommend this place if you are in or near the Venetian hotel.
3	Went for breakfast. Food tasted fresh, although most of it sat in warming trays. My cheese omelet was made fresh when I ordered, though.Two express breakfasts and two OJ's cost $27.If you're looking for something light and tasty, this is a quick stop in the Venetian food court, right off the casino floor.
4	So before we can get crazy crunk in the suite we need some grub fuel. With the BF I shared a salmon sandwich and a proscuitto, mozzarella and basil panini. Both come with fries. The salmon was like a salmon burger patty with lettuce,tomato and honey mustard. Pretty good and moist. The proscuitto was on foccacia bread and wasn't as much pressed as it was toasted all together, but alright sandwich. Fries were okay...a bit salted too much. Some got theirs as "cheese fries" which constituted like cheese sauce than shredded cheese on top.  We have employees with us so we have a special half price. For the half it is not bad at all. I mean its nothing fantastic, but good heavy sandwiches. If you're looking for a quick sandwich it isn't a bad option for $12 around all these big hitters, but personally at full price I'd upgrade to $19 for a Bouchon Monte Cristo that knocks my socks.
3	I only ate here as a last resort--needed something in my belly before gorging myself with all sorts of alcohol.For $13 a Cheeseburger, you would think they could afford to add more flavor to the patty. But alas, there was nothing spectacular about this meal; it's just your average cheeseburger. Fries were also a bit soggy from all the grease.The Chicken Tenders were surprisingly good though. They were nicely breaded and not dry at all. The crispy bread shell broke apart to reveal hot and moist white chicken breast meat on the inside. After a quick meal and a stomach full of bread, meat, and grease, I was ready to start binge drinking. Let the bottle poppin begin!
2	Fries are extremely greasy and soggy! The chicken panini was a bit bland, but I prefer bland food as opposed to saucy foods (knock off a star if you prefer a stronger taste!). It's a bit pricey, and the employees don't look happy, but they were helpful. $3.45 for a small fountain soda is still pretty pricey to me, but fortunately I hardly drink soda. Their menu is also quite small. I only ate half the panini and kept the leftovers for late-night munchies. That didn't work out so well since I was disgusted by the sight of the leftovers later that night, so I tossed it. I'm usually pretty good at devouring leftovers, but this definitely wasn't worth it.Definitely a pass because it's pricey for mediocre food. However, it's in a great location (close to the Venezia Tower where we stayed) and I wasn't disgusted or extremely unhappy with my food. Thank god I didn't eat here while I was intoxicated - oily food and alchies don't mix well in my stomach!
3	We ate here for a quick meal from a non buffet restaurant. The selection of food from the various places was pretty good but seemed a little expensive to me, but this is Vegas. I ate at the burger place and paid about $11 bucks for the burger. It seemed a little pricey but the burger was cooked to my specification and bread tasted and felt like it was home made. I got fries cooked well done which they also completed without a hitch. You'd be surprised how many places won't cook your fries crispy even if you ask for it.Other then the prices the food was pretty good. Not quite 4 stars but worth of a stop if you are in the mood for something fast, tasty and in a good casino.
2	$10.76 for a panini is a little expensive, if I may say...I was expecting the sandwich to blow my taste buds for that price.The wait to receive my sandwich was pretty long. I  figured since they were prepping it to order it was ideal for them to take a while; yet, how long does it take to grill up some vegetables and pressed them inside a sandwich with cheese? The wait  (10 minutes) + price ($10.76) + flavor (tart due to improper preparation/cooking of eggplant) + seasoning (bland) + no spread (dry) =/= did not equate to the price value I had purchased it for. I recommend heading over to another location to grab some grub. If you're going to spend around $10 or so, might as well go to a restaurant or head over to Earl of Sandwiches if you are truly in the mood for some delicious sandwiches.
2	This place is over priced for mediocre food. Granted it is on the strip, so it is expected. The fries are pretty tasty, until they get cold. The burgers are tiny patties on a big bun. This place wouldn't stand a chance located anywhere else. My opinion, keep on walking.
3	Huge panini, but it was mostly bread, it did not have a lot of chicken.  It was ok, kind of greasy.  The fries are decent.  Its made to order and came out relatively quickly. 14 bucks for a huge but mostly bread panini and fries, not a great bargain but you could do worse in cost and flavor elsewhere.
3	My husband had the authentic Philly cheesesteak and said it was alright. The fries were a little over cooked but the mozzarella and sweet basil with Italian ham was very good although the second time I had it it was unbalanced as far as cooking goes. It's Very expensive for a sandwich  but it's convenient and it's in the Venetian on the strip. It's pretty good for 12.00 a meal without a drink.
3	I came here for breakfast on a Saturday and it was pretty good. Had the cheese omlet with hash browns and sausage. Pretty good overall. A nice place for a quick breakfast before heading out. Will probably come back again.
3	This is a good place to catch a snack after a night of gambling and drinking.
2	I ordered the chicken Philly cheese steak and it came with the works but was lacking taste.  I am still trying to figure out what could have made that sandwich better.  The fries are hand cut, so that is a plus for some people, but not me.  (I prefer Steak Fries).Everything is made fresh to order so it has the potential of being a great spot in the Venetian hotel, but I just wasn't impressed with the overpriced sandwich and no-salt fries.
4	Within the Venetian, it's one of the cheaper spots. But there are certainly some better values on the strip.San Gennaro always serves it's purpose for me because I totally dig their philly cheesesteaks and chicken tenders here. With a drink, it comes out to about $15 but the steak sandwich is super juicy and always hits the spot when I'm trying to sober up or trying to pad my stomach for the upcoming night of mayhem.The chicken tenders are hand battered and they actually give you a very generous sized portion of protein. Chicken tenders are my favorite cheat meal when I am dieting, so I eat them alot and the ones here are my favorite.The one thing you can skip here is the breakfast..seriously $10 for a generic plate of reheated stuff. You can do better then that Venetian! I had the bisuits with gravy and sausage, and it reminded me of the free stuff I get from the complimentary breakfast at the holiday inn!Really 3 1/2, but I stay at the Venetian alot and love the philly cheesesteak sandwiches here, so it gets the round up for a 4!
5	their grilled cheese sandwich. i always pick up one when i visit vegas.
3	Reasonably priced for a Las Vegas resort.  The fries are good.
4	One thing about Venetian is that their food court sure looks the part.  San Gennaro Grill is one of Venetian's food courts. In here, you have a cafe, pizza stop, gelato, and San Gennaro Grill.  My choice was simple, nothing with red meat or pork.  I ended up with their Chicken Philly Cheese Steak.  Even though Steak is in the name of the meal, there isn't any steak.  The meal came with fries for about $12.  The fries were  okay, but you wouldn't know it because I killed it.  As for the chicken philly, it totally hit the spot.  Melted cheese, mushrooms, and green peppers covered my chicken.  I thought it was also seasoned well.  My only issue was the green peppers. I love green peppers but should have requested them on the side since there was so much of it that it over-powered the taste of the chicken and mushrooms.  The food does take a little time or they take their little time to cook it.  When I first arrived, all I saw was a bunch of people sitting at tables doing nothing. I originally thought that they were just taking up valuable space that people actually eating can use. Then I realized that they were just waiting for their food, just like me.  Yes, a salad can even take over 10 minutes here.  Know this coming in.  A pizza next door might be faster.  But the food here is pretty good, so the wait is worth it.
5	This spot is really good! I go up and down the strip trying different spots and as far as burgers go around here, this is one of the top spots. Its about $10 for burger and fries which is pretty good since even Wendy's is $10 on the strip. They put thousand island on the burgers which tastes pretty good. Its located in the Venetian Food Court. I like this place because you get a fresh burger and you don't have to go to a sit down burger joint to get it. saving me about $15 on tax & tip, extra $15 for the craps table!
2	Below average option in the Venetian food court with a bunch of sandwiches.Had the Philly Cheese Steak and salad instead of fries for $14. The food was OK but I expected more flavor and better quality. It did fill me up between all the Vegas madness with no long waits like many restaurants.
1	Very long wait. Food never came.  Manager on shift on June 22, 2913 around 11 pm, said he lost our order.  We asked for a refund and didn't even comp our water or say sorry.  He blamed us for the whole ordeal. The manager that night wasn't wearing a name badge and wouldn't give me his name. The customer service royally sucks. ZERO STARS.
2	We were on our way out of the Venetian, heading to Earl's or Chipotle but decided to stop and eat here since we wouldn't have to go out of our way. The service was fine and the cashier was nice. My bf and I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and Chicken Caesar Panini, both with cheese fries. Our only drink was a bottle of water and the total came out to $33. I could get a much better meal for much cheaper elsewhere, even inside the Venetian. The rosemary bread on the panini was too thick and too pungent. It overpowered the thin slices of chicken. Nice pieces of grilled chicken would have been much preferred to the 2 pale and bland slices I received. The lettuce was wilted and I think there was mayo on the bread. Why do you need mayo when there is already Caesar dressing? The fries were a little soggy but the cheese sauce was good. The Cheesesteak wasn't bad but definitely not worth the price. If you're looking for a cheap meal, skip this place and get a better value elsewhere.
2	It was so so. Not horrible but definitely not great. I ordered the mozzarella, tomato, and basil panini. The tomatoes were pink and mealy. Seems like if you're going to have a sandwich where the main ingredient is tomato, you should make sure you have quality, vine ripened produce. Fries were decent. I guess the good thing is the sandwich and fries would be enough food to split between 2 people, so it makes for a cheap meal (by Vegas standards.) Personally I would go next door and get a slice of pizza at the pizzeria.
2	The food here is below average for the prices. I ordered the chicken strips and fries and they feel way short of impressive. I was just looking for a quick casual lunch to eat by myself while waiting for some friends. The chicken and strips came out to be about $14 for about 4 strips and fries. I should have just gotten a burger from I Love Burgers upstairs. I was really disappointed with my chicken strips and felt way jipped because they were barely chicken strips and looked more like thick chicken fries!! It would had been better if it was actual strips! The 4 chicken strips probably equated to one NORMAL sized strip! if I paid like $5, then I wouldn't be so upset, but for $14, it's soooooo not worth it! When my friend arrived, she got chicken strips from the food court upstairs in the shopping... half the price, more food, and it tasted better! If they can't get simple chicken strips correct, I don't want to try anything else!
1	They forgot the cheese on my breakfast sandwich. I had to repeat my order like 3 times, once to the first lady at the counter, then again at the register, then they asked again if I asked for sausage or bacon. The organization is terrible. Also ordered a coffee and had to walk all the way around and back to where I first ordered to get cream and sugar (and silverware). Pretty disappointing for Venetian standards. Never again.
4	Good late night breakfast. It's a little pricey but it's vegas. Perfect post club food.
4	We came here after a long morning if walking around the strip. We were hot and tired and just wanted a sandwich to keep us good until dinner. The sandwiches were pretty good.  They were a good size and filling.  I would come back for these.
