2	This is a strange place! It's been around for a long time. My father drags me here once a year so he can eat unlimited peanut butter dumplings. It's quite the sight I can assure you. The food is pretty good as Szechuan restaurants usually go. Of course it's all you can eat, and by the looks of most of the patrons, this is common knowledge in the area. Where this place falls flat on its face is the decor. If there was ever a restaurant that needed some new chairs, carpets, wallpaper, paint, & tablecloths... this is the place! The food is probably at 3 1/2.I recommend pants with elastic waist bands.
2	It's a good place of you love MSG and food that tastes all the same. The only dishes I enjoyed were the fried squid and the noodles/veggie plate. Besides that, whether you eat pepper beef or pineapple shrimp, it all tastes alike. Not impressed
4	The food is definitely very tasty and fresh.The service is good but deteriorates if you're a table full of guys trying to out eat each other, which is understandable.This is the proper alternative to an AYCE buffet.PS, paying with cash get youa  5% discount!
4	I mostly order out from here - tonight ate in - food quality is excellent - sweet & sour pork - chicken fried rice - all good and nice service.   This is a very busy restaurant on friday, saturday and sunday evenings... call and make reservations.
3	Went here for lunch with family. It was all you can eat, decent price. Service was fair, although at the end the server asked what drinks we had because he did not keep track  which was strange. The food was okay, a lot of deep fried dishes. The shrimp was delicious! Great place for families or large parties as it is all you can ear. Ambiance is fair. Would go back but not a first choice.
4	Ok... Let's be honest. Decor is weird, waiters are sometimes rude and it is definitely not an authentic experience. It's not the healthiest option either...  But it's delicious and sometimes, that's all that matters!!!Every dish I tried there was good. A lot of fried food... Heavy on both salt and sugar. Nevertheless, it is wonderful for a night of indulgence.Enjoy!
