4	We were stuck for something to grab to eat. Nothing marks this place out: yet another pizza place in yet another strip mall. But the pizza was actually quite good.
1	the chicken wings gave me food poisoning.  will avoid in the future.
4	I have to admit, I was a little nervous going to this place.  I've driven by the center literally hundreds of times over the years, and have never noticed the pizza shop.  It was only just recently that I noticed them, based on their sign on the street advertising the lunch special of two slices and a soda for $3.99.  Fast forward to a few weeks later when I was sitting at my desk pondering where to go, but being unable to decide.  My memory bank finally remembered Frank's and away I went.I gotta admit, I was extremely nervous going in.  Here it was, right in prime lunch hour and there was nary a soul to be seen, other than the guy working there who was in the back (maybe it was Frank!).  Anywho, takes me order, and goes back to make the pie and I sat down and waited.  And waited a little bit more.  Then a guy came in and 'Frank' came out and chatted with him as they appeared to know each other.  Then a little more waiting happened.  I thought it was taking way too long as this point, seems at any other 'slice' joint I go to (Ray's/NYPD/etc.), it's just a few minutes.  Finally, 'Frank' brings my slices out and apologies to me that they were in the oven too long and would I like him to make new ones.  Well...I looked at that pizza, and all I saw was golden brown delicious cheese staring at me.  Which to me, is great when you have nice golden brown cheese.  So I told him no need, it looked great to me, and I started to chow down.While the temperature was hot, and I kind of burned my mouth a bit (stupid lack of self control to wait for it to cool), the pizza was terrific.  I mentioned the cheese before, but the crust was also very good, being nice and crispy on the bottom.  And then, when I got to the thick part, not only was the crust nice and chewy, the bottom was still crispy.  Overall, a good couple slices of pie.  I'm likely to go back!
4	Great pizza and wings...ok price
3	Tried this place out recently for dinner and was not very impressed.  Delivery, however, was very quick and they were very friendly on the phone.  Prices are decent, but the pizza was extremely bland.  The wings weren't very tasty either and the fried zucchini/mozzarella was equally as bland.  I would not go so far as to say I would recommend them to a friend.
3	First, let me start by telling those reading this that I am born and raised in Jersey. Being here in Phoenix for 4 years had brought me not one good slice of pizza...then I found two good places inside of two weeks. This was one of them.The place was what I expected: a run-of-the-mill pizza parlor. Not a chain or a fancy place that happened to make pizza in their spare time. I definitely enjoyed my time there and the pizza was definitely better than average...and that is high praise considering Arizona has dreadful pizza. Period.I had to knock the review down to three stars due to the fact that I tried to get a few slices after 4pm and was told they didn't have any! That is absurd, to say the least. Great pizza, nice people working there, but terrible practice not to have a pie or two at the ready for slices.I will be returning...but apparently only for lunch. Maybe if I decide I need a pie or two as well.
4	Went back tonight and had a great sub, along with another excellent pie. An especially good deal as well.I do have to add that Jackie is a great girl to have working there. She was great on the phone and better in person! She, alone, is reason to go back. So, Frank, KEEP HER!I will gladly bump this to 5 stars when I can get a slice after 5pm.
1	Let me tell you about Frank's Pizza on Indian School. I placed my order today 3/18/2012 online at 3:15 for pick up. When I arrived 40 minutes later I was informed that their system was down so they never got the order. Got my money but not my order. I figured ok, things happen, I reordered in person this time and requested they deliver, and was told I would have to wait another 40 minutes. 60 minutes later I called and was placed on hold for 5 minutes. I hung up, called back and was told the driver had the order. 20 minutes later (i live 5 min away), I go to Frank's pizza and demand my money back. I witnessed the delivery guy return and noted he was not carrying my order. Hmmm. So on top of really poor service I had been lied to as well. While I was waiting there (both times)  i watched a really incompetent staff handling the food with bare hands, the place seems also to be in the midst of remodeling (no longer carrying the ice cream). Poor service. Lied to, incompetent staff, mishandling of the food. I'm calling Mamma Mia's from now on, a little longer wait but worth the wait without the aggravation.
4	Stopped into Franks for lunch Saturday after I had dropped off some items for consignment next door.  Couldnt decide what to get, either the 2 slice special or the gyro combo.  So I asked the guy at the register taking my order to choose for me.  What I got was a gyro with fries combo.  The fries were nice and crispy.  And well the gyro was not terrible, but I could tell the meat was probably something you could purchase from a store and then reheat.  It was not from sliced fresh from a gyro loaf like I've gotten from other places.  The slices were too uniform.  Don't get me wrong, it was not all that bad though.  However, to the guy that makes the food....go a little lighter handed with the tzatziki sauce.   Next time I'm at the store next door around lunchtime, I'll give the Frank's Pizza a go.
4	Family owned business. Good pizza, good specials, decent menu. I personally like the pizza and wing special.
5	Pizza is awesome! Thanks really needed it while I was studying. Lol
5	Bottom line: best pizza at the best price. My boyfriend and I stop in and get their lunch special (2 pieces of pizza w/ a drink for $3.99). I like that the slices for the lunch special are larger than the slices you get if you just order a whole pizza from them (although their whole pizzas are a great deal too). So basically you're getting 4 slices when you get 2 for the lunch special. All for $8 for the two of us.As far as dining-in, I don't usually like to. The place is run-down and not so cute. But I love supporting local businesses and this is a great one. Beats Domino's or the recently stingy Papa John's any day.
2	Let me first say, I like Frank's food. They have a wide selection of food and everything at least USED TO BE great. Seems to be a few months ago something changed... Delivery now takes forever, orders are wrong, customer service is nonexistent, the wings contain little meat now, and no managers to be found. The way they've changed their business makes me regret that I had my whole office ordering from them. Granted if you order a cheese steak sandwich, it could be confused with cheese sticks. That's why an order taker should repeat your order back to you. Last time I had a problem with them was the first time I've ever had a problem. I was hoping it was a one time thing. The manager at the time rectified it with fixing my order and offering me 20% off my next order. Good deal. Even though I had to wait 2+ hours to receive the wrong order, I try to be understanding. This time there was no rectification, not even a call returned. I had to wait over an hour for my food when I was quoted 30 minutes. When I called to find out where it was, I was told they were busy. When the delivery driver had to inform me they were out of something (the reason I ordered from them in the first place) AND the order was wrong, I was hungry and cranky to say the least. I called back in to speak to the manager because they gave me an appetizer instead of a sandwich, he was conveniently not there. The order-taker offered to make me a sandwich and deliver it to me personally. I was satisfied with that. To my dissatisfaction, he called me five minutes later with another excuse that it was the end of the night and they had turned off the machines. It's obvious lack of management when a business is open for 15 more minutes and should be taking orders in that time to maintain profitability. So lazy employees decide to take off early. Hopefully they will change back to the way things used to be and I can order in confidence once more. Until then, if you order from them - pick it up so you know if it's wrong right away and you don't have to wait at least twice of the quoted time. If you order delivery, I suggest ordering the exact opposite of what you want. This way, they might get something right. Why, Frank's? Why did you have to break my pizza loving heart?
1	The pizza has really never been any good but at one time it was a pizza and wings combo at a decent price. At this point, it's just overpriced greasy food. Bummer.
2	Not really that impressed with this place. I ordered a large pizza and some cherry chipotle BBQ wings.The wings were disappointing - the sauce, which I was hoping would at least be interesting, was pretty bland, and the meat didn't have much flavor.They forgot to cut the pizza, which was kind of annoying. I tried a few toppings, half sausage and roasted red peppers, and half ham and olives. The sausage was pretty much just sliced hot dogs, and the rest of the toppings were not noteworthy. The rest of the pizza was equally not noteworthy.Overall, just overpriced and not that great.
1	The food at franks is terrible the worst value for the dollar I wouldnt feed their food to my dog... franks sucks hands down terrible
1	Delivery was quick. However the pizza was like cardboard with burned cheese, and bland. I ordered a 2 liter soda pop online, and was told by the delivery driver that they were out and would give me a credit for next time i ordered from them. That was unacceptable, as i am never ordering from them again. The delivery driver did not understand my frustration with that and was rude and condescending when i complained.
3	I got the 2 slice medium drink combo. The flavor of the pizza was good but very thin. I put the slices on each other and it barely made the thickness of a normal slice. But for 4 dollars its def worth it.
2	The pizza was ok but the service was terrible. I stopped in for a quick lunch and got the slice special but it ended up taking an hour after waiting several minutes for someone at the front counter and then again for the slices. The place was empty other than myself, yet I couldn't get any help/service.
2	Food was good. We order Italian subs and fries. Ingredients were fresh! The person working was very friendly, BUT it absolutely took forever to get our food. After a long morning of hiking we may have been a little famished, so I tried not to exaggerate, but after waiting over 40 minutes for a sandwich we were justified in feeling a bit frustrated. We were the only people there and there were three people working. Overall I saw one or two people stopping for pizza pick-up so maybe that's the way to go?
4	5 Star wings! Absolutely delicious hot wings. But only 3 Star pizza... Not the best crust, but it's still good for the price. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood.
5	This place ROCKS!!! I can't say enough good things! The people are so sweet and wonderful :)
4	This place has great pizza and an amazing price.  It's always fresh and the owner is super friendly.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I have never had a worse experience in my life. Absolutely horrible service. My recommendation is to never go here.
5	Awesome thin crust pizza! I had 2 slices and a pop for $3.99 and they weren't just huge they were so good best pizza I've had so far!
