5	This place has some of the freshest food in the valley and their prices are unbeatable.  It's a non-chain place for a quick and tasty bite.
5	In short: Amazing fresh food, at a good price, and awesome customer service to boot.I went here by accident but probably the best accident ever, if there is such a thing.  It's unassuming and simple, even the menu isn't elaborated, I think 10 items total.  It looks like just another chicken bowl place, wrong!!! It's anything but that, the food was amazing.  They use really fresh ingredients, seasoning is perfect.  You don't get the cardboard chicken doused with teriyaki sauce like other places.  Texture and doneness of the meat was perfect. I tried the combination plate which had rib eye beef , chicken, lots of vegetables, a slaw style salad and half an orange.  The portions are huge and filling, and  the prices are great too, and I love their emphasis on good healthy food.  This is great place for a fast lunch or a good healthy meal.
5	Chix Char Broiled Grill is what made me what to get on yelp. Why, you may ask? Because I think the establishment should be rewarded for its exceptional value. The meat, rice, and vegetables are all delicious, high quality, and healthy. Not to mention one only has to wait just a few minutes for the food. Anyone who would choose eating at the Memorial Union over this place, unless of course you only have a minute before class, needs to take ECON 101 over again! For five bucks you are in and out (not to be confused with the burger joint), having just eaten a healthy, satisfying meal.Check it out - I promise that you'll love it!
5	5 stars for freshly cooked to order food, healthy options and low prices. The chicken is much better than the beef and I love that they include fresh fruit with the plate. My only gripes are that I asked for brown rice and they gave me white rice and the veggies arn't as plentiful as the description makes you think. *Update, I just realized I ordered the plate without veggies instead of the Works plate which does include lots of veggies.* Other than that Chix has very good service and they accept coupons you can find online from the My Sundevil Handbook or whatever. I would come back to Chix and order just a couple of sides of chicken instead of ordering a plate next time.
4	I discovered this place while Yelping and I'm glad I did. They don't serve junk food like the fast food chains. The food is delicious and convenient. Their bowls are the perfect size and not pricey at all (even better for students). You can get bowls or plates with chicken, rib eye, pork you name it! Ever heard of food pong? Try it out. Maybe you'll get a bowl for free! How awesome is that? Don't forget to get a punch card at the register. Buy nine bowls and get the tenth bowl on the house!
3	Fresh chicken or beef bowls at a super cheap prices, but keep in mind you get what you pay for. I have to admit I was a bit disappointed with my overall experience.  When I ordered the chicken veggie bowl and asked for no rice I was expecting more vegetables, not a hidden pile of cabbage. I had actually asked for a plate, but got a bowl, either way the bowl was good, the veggies were crisp and you  can customize your sauces.  Don't use the bathroom and don't expect a clean interior.  3 stars is generous, but if I was low on cash I would go back.
5	My first visit to Chix I tried the works bowl with brown rice. The chicken was sweet and juicy while the beef was tender and flavorful. Drizzle on some the the Chix house sauce, and you have a meal that satisfies without leaving you stuffed at the end. My only complaint would be the anemic vegetables (bok choi, broccoli, and carrots) that came with the bowl. A satisfying meal near ASU for under $6. I'm in.
4	From the looks of the place, you probably wouldn't have high expectations.  They have a very limited menu: rice (white and brown), veggies, beef, and chicken.  That's about it.  But, of what they do have, I will say: good flavor, good quality, cooked well and very reasonably priced.  "The Works" plate I ordered was only $6.50 and it was huge.  The beef was rib-eye (one of the tastiest cuts of meat in my opinion) and it, along with the chicken, were perfectly grilled.  Not undercooked, not overcooked, tender and moist.  Also, I was impressed by the fact that they offered both white and brown rice.  Comparable places only offer white rice.  Sometimes, its those little things that make a difference.  If you liked Mai Island Grill, but not the price, the crowd, the line, or their hours, then you will most likely like Chix.  Personally, if Chix added a tasty mac salad, I would say it would serve as a suitable replacement for Mai Island.
3	I was craving some charbroiled chicken with rice and decided to try this place out. I had "the works" bowl because I wanted chicken but upon arrival the beef was tempting me. This way I can have both.I felt that the food was just alright. The meat was cooked well but the flavor was lacking. They had some louisiana hot sauce on the counter with the pump style dispenser for those who want to add a little spice. It added some flavor to the meat but I felt Sriracha would've gone better with it. Portions were good. Price was very reasonable. The guy at the counter was friendly and patient with me while I was deciding. I would say it's decent food but wouldn't make any special trips for it.
5	I can describe this place in four words: simple, healthy, delicious, and inexpensive!I love this place. I'll start with the simple part. You can either order plates or bowls. The plates are the same as the bowls, but plus a side of salad and the fresh local fruit they have that day. As for the structure of the bowls, you can get some combination of meat, vegetables, and rice. For rice, you can choose between white and brown. The vegetables are just an assortment of the standard vegetables. The meat is either chicken or ribeye meat.On to the healthy part: The rice is always steamed, never any oil, etc. added into anything! No trans fats in any of their dishes! The meat is charbroiled, in order to maintain the oil-free thing. The skin is removed from all of the chicken to reduce the fat content. This is probably the healthiest option for food anywhere near ASU.Delicious: The sauce that they have is great. I would say it's some kind of modification of a teriyaki sauce, and you can tell a lot of effort went into that sauce. They only have the one sauce, but it is a great one. They have a cajun-hot sauce on the side, also, in case you want to add a little heat, which I usually do. Inexpensive: The bowls are around $5.00. They don't look that big, but because they are so healthy, they will fill you up. The first week I tried this place, I went back 3 times (3 days in a row). I cannot get enough of this place and I will be back soon.
4	It had a name change to char broiler, I had never eaten here as chix so I cannot comment on the past. The beef bowls we had were very good, meat was melt in the mouth tender.
