1	Never. Again. (at this location)Friday night was rough.  On the way back from the bar I blew out a tire and changed it on the side of the road at 2 AM.  By the time I got that taken care of and got everyone home it was nearly 3.  I was spent and needed a little sustenance.  Taco Bell is almost closed, so where else to go??  I channeled the old college student within and went to Whataburger.  Whatamistake.Come to think of it I've had a couple sketchy experiences at this location (i.e., undercooked meat etc), but alcohol and/or exhaustion must have clouded my judgement.  Being the ONLY customer in the drive thru, getting a single burger should not have taken this long.  I would say it may have taken longer since they were adding a slice of cheese they so graciously charged and additional .45 cents for, but wait, they neglected to put it on at all.After taking one bite it all became clear.  It took so long because they must have been shaking a salt shaker above it for at least 5 minutes.  Gross.   Never. Again.
3	This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon. The average of the diners has to be over seventy.
5	I have eaten here several times. The burgers are always good. I went there last night around 9 PM. I order a double meat hamburger. I must say it was one of the best I have eaten in a while. The service was above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food restaurant. The workers were very friendly and offered to refill our drinks.
4	Old school seating is well preserved at this location, and the breakfasts are still among the best for fast food - pancakes made fresh on the griddle and not microwaved like other places.  Staff is friendly too.
4	They make it the way you like it. This location has been solid for a few years. I don't come her often, but when I do, It hits the spot!
3	I occasionally come here for late night food, Their is always a long wait but it's expected considering it's late night and half the workers have already gone home.The prices are a little steep, not too bad though. Can't really say anything for the inside as I haven't been in there in many years.
5	Whataburger with cheese and an order of onion rings is the most comforting of comfort food meals I can get at any restaurant.  Been eating Whataburgers since I was a kid going with my dad, who ate them for decades before me.  Yup - guess you could say I'm a second generation Phoenix Whataburger-er.  It's the only fast food I crave.  Their fries are awfully good too.  I think they still use real fat.And where else can you get a diet Dr. Pepper to go with your 2 Million calorie  meal?All the Whataburger restaurants are good, but this one is my central go to location.  They always get my drive-through order right and are friendly.
3	Liked how when they brought the food they brought a tray of the ketchups to choose from. Employees aren't that nice and don't really look like they are enjoy their time working there. Place is dirty and really outdated from the hard wood spinning chairs. Like how they have hand sanitizer though.
5	Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic... Will definitely return soon
4	You won't see many fast food reviews from me as I don't generally eat fast food. This place is local to me and the name reeled me in, as well as several Radio/TV commercials and a sign saying Family Owned/Operated since 1950. I wanted a quick burger yesterday so I decided to stop by. Checked Yelp 1st, 4 stars on 11 reviews was enough to convince me. Nice and clean when I walked in, and greeted by an extremely nice cashier! Their menu is pretty simply so I decided to give their original single burger a try and their chicken bites. Several Sauce choices for the Chicken bites, went with creamy gravy. Spent about $10 but wanted TOO much food to try! hahaIt took about 7min or so for my food to be prepared which is fine by me. They give you a little Tag to place on your table and its brought out to you. The young mad that brought it out to me was very nice and had another tray with him offering Ketchup, Napkins, utensils. On to the food! Chicken Bites were SUPER Hot! That's a great thing as they were probably made to order. Tasted great once they cooled off a bit and the Creamy Gravy was pretty good too. On to the Burger! Very impressed for a Fast Food Place, I'd moreso call it Quick Food instead! Made with care, fresh ingredients and a nicely cooked pretty thin patty. Now, on to the fries......I am a Fry Snob, let that be known. They weren't anything special, and if I went there again I'd skip them. Give this place a try instead if you're going to hit one of the REAL crappy fast food places. Oh, and open 24 HOURS!!!!!!
4	After having a very good experience there the other day I decided to give them a try for a quick breakfast. They serve breakfast from 11pm-11am! WIN right there! It was barely 6am and again, friendly service!I don't even remember the last time I ate fast food for breakfast.I had a Jalapeno Cheddar Sausage Biscuit and a Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit. A bit of a wait which was fine because it was made to order for me. Came out hot and was pretty damn good! Hash Browns were a bit boring and simple, but still cooked well. I can sum this up pretty easy now. THIS is what fast food was like everywhere 40-50yrs ago before Corporate America took over trying to pinch pennies and sacrificing quality. Probably not going to be going back for awhile because I generally don't eat like this, but great to know there is a pretty good 24HR option if I am hungry! Give this place a try next time you're considering one of those BIG fast food joints for nasty breakfast! You won't be let down!
4	After hearing so much about the Whataburger from so many friends who have visiting Phoenix, we had to try this place for ourselves. A word of warning the lines are long, but if you are going to eat in and are with a group make sure you have someone go in to get a table whilst you are in the queue, otherwise you will have your food and no where to sit!!
4	Burgers good, not wonderful, sauce is nice. fries are fair (5 guys are better). The custard is well worth it! hard to find a place ot sit. if nice get to go eat at park.
