4	Finally, Henderson (or the border with Henderson) has a good taqueria. Super B Burrito brings the simple, fresh and tasty flavors of a classic taqueria to the Vegas suburb.  The guacamole: fresh and oh so good.  The pinto beans: fresh and tasty.  The salsa and hot sauce: fresh and spicy.Super B Burrito does the classics right.  A carne asada super burrito (around $5 plus tax) comes with rice and beans, guacamole, salsa, cheese and sour cream.  And it's good.  Real good.  Even the tortilla is well textured and chewy (i.e. not out of the freezer).  You may have noticed a repetition of the word "fresh".  It's a simple, but necessary concept for a great burrito.  Super B Burrito understands that and it's a solid taqueria because of it (and in a valley that has suffered so long with the 1-2 day old tastes of Roberto's, it's revolutionary). But don't think that Super B Burrito only offers the classics.  If you're a meat eater, this is your place.  They prepare pork, steak and chicken in a variety of manners.  I had the coca-cola fried pork in my burrito and it was tender and sweet, but not over-the-top sugary.  Here's how good that pork is: I always (always) order a carne asada burrito when first testing a taqueria.  But when we stepped into the place, the guy behind the counter found out it was our first time there and started offering samples of the various meats.  The pork in green chile was spicy and delicious.  But there was no challenger to the coca-cola fried pork.  It's what will keep me going back again and again. Unfortunately, one of the folks that came with us ordered the vegetarian burrito and it was less than stellar.  Super B Burrito basically serves up the super burrito described above without the meat as a vegetarian option.  They do add in some lettuce, but it needs a little more oomph--either the typical fajita veggies or at least a couple different types of beans would help immensely.  Without that you really notice the lack of the meat addition.  So four stars for the pork burrito, two stars for the vegetarian.  How did we get back to four stars overall?  The customer service is exemplary.  Friendly, quick and willing to educate the customer on the taqueria's specialties.  The guy who helped us was so awesome that we were sold on supporting the business before tasting the burrito.  I will definitely be back as a repeat customer.  Hopefully, they'll improve their vegetarian burrito and we can bring the vegetarian back again for another try.
4	Was looking for somewhere to eat with my bf and saw this place and decided to try it out. My bf loves burritos so it wasn't to hard to sell him on this new place. I personally loved my super burrito, so fresh and cooked just right. The guac was tasty and the salsa was not overpowering the flavor of the carne asada. I enjoyed the tortilla also, as it was not thick like store bought ones. You got a little side of chips with the burrito and wish I would order more, next time! They where real tortilla chips and not overcooked. Maybe try some nachos?! For a drink we both order some horchata. For us it was not very good, it had way to much cinnamon in it which just made it taste unappealing. Next time just go with a fountain drink. Also, that atmosphere was quiet and not very appealing to sit and eat in. I may just stop here on my lunch break and take it to go. Overall definitely a place to visit more often around work.
4	The overall quality of Mexican food in Henderson makes me want to cry.  Most of the decent taquerias are at least several miles away on the east side of Vegas.  And with the exception of the Lindo Michoacan chains in Henderson, I haven't found any food that is Mexican and noteworthy within the town limits. . . That is until Super Burrito opened recently.  Driving down Eastern a few months ago, I suddenly noticed the place were there.  So I stopped in.  And after the first visit, I've kept stopping in and stopping in and stopping in and stopping in. . .  Super Burrito is a top notch taqueria.  They do a great job with the classic burritos-- carne asada and chicken.  Well-prepared meat with delicious beans, rice, cheese, sour cream and guacamole in a nice tortilla.  Each time I order one, I weep for my teenage self who suffered by repeatedly ordering Taco Bell, not knowing what he was missing.If that was all that Super Burrito did, I would give them a solid 3.5 stars, but what pushes them into the four star range are the different sauces and flavors they cook into their meats.  I have fallen in love with their green chile pork.  Spicy and sweet and tender.  It mixes perfectly with warm pinto beans and just makes me happy.  I've also tried the coca-cola pork, which was crispy and interesting, but a little sweet for me.Each time I go in now, I make sure to ask what meats they have in case they offer something new to wow me.  Whether they come up with new offerings or not, Henderson finally has a good taqueria.  And that's something to celebrate.  I have no doubt that the town council will host a parade in Super Burrito's honor right after they have their first taste.
5	The best burrito we have ever tried. Staff was soooo friendly what a treat to have something so wonderful and authentic right around the corner. Love love love it.
4	This was first visit, I ordered the Super Nachos.  I like that they used nacho cheese and not melted shredded cheese.  The prices were very good compared to other places that serve basically the same items.  Service was fast and the food was pretty good.  My only complaint is the nachos seemed to have too much salt.  I am not a big fan of salt so this may not be an issue for other people who like a lot of salt.  Next visit I plan to try one of the burritos.
5	Budgeting is tough.  My wife and I put our play money entitled "Blow" down to $100/month, and looking for a good place to eat is a very stressful decision - one that instinctively led to the place where a man held a poorly spelled sign (though I can't for the life of me remember what it was that made me laugh out loud and turn)."A good taqueria."  Pssht.  I may only be a gringo white boy (though I swear I'm one-eighth Mexican), I know and love Mexican food.  I've frequented the Roberto's, the Cafe Rio's, the Lindo Michocaon's - they've all been pretty good.  (Cafe Rio is bordering on American Mexican, but I digress.)But I will put my money on Super Burrito over the rest for one reason - the meat.  I love the meat.  Their selections are both varied and excellent.  Marinated for hours and clearly seasoned to perfection, I was sold the second they let me test-drive their meats.  Wow.Actually, I will put my money on Super Burrito over the rest for two reasons - the service.  The people there are friendly and it's clear that they want to do well here.  Smiles and cooperation makes this a solid mexican food joint to at least give a try.I have a qualm - I have a feeling that they started in San Francisco - mainly because they have the weird decor of the Golden Gate, etc. adorning their walls, but I have to critique the way it's presented.  It's...  awkward.  And I don't know what it has to do with Mexican Food when there's no "History of Super Burrito" plaque or something to let me know I'm still, in fact, in Nevada.Had their nachos and boy were they salty!  But I happen to like really salty nachos, so it worked out.  I've had the burritos.  I've had the taco salad, too, but the burrito is a solid way to start.  If you're not a vegetarian - which should be sacrilege in this restaurant if you ask me - you will love this place.
1	Skip it and go to Cafe Rio down the road.  Seats needed cleaning off, it was really hot in there, staff wasn't too friendly, food is REALLY cheap though, chicken burrito was salty, salsa was dry. I don't need to go back.
4	Here is a little background about San Francisco bay area super burritos.  It is a giant belly bomb with meat, cheese, bean, rice, sour creme, guac, and pico wrapped in a giant tort and then wrapped up in tin foil.  They are all over the bay area.  There basically isn't a taqueria within 100 miles of the bay that if you walked in and asked for a super burrito that wouldn't serve up this delight exactly like this for around 6 bucks.  I have actually carried on La Tapatia burritos multiple times through security at the airport when I come back from visiting home.    Some of you might be saying, that is no big deal, sounds like chipotle.  Well Mr. Chipotle was working in S.F. and fell in love with these burritos and went back to denver and started up chipotle.  It's true, check it out on wiki if you don't believe me.  Now for me chipotle dozen't really cut it because it's like a watered down corporate version of what a S.F. burrito really is but thats another story.  Imagine a big chipotle burrito but made with the greasy salty food from roberto's and you are close to what it is all about.      I digress, the owners of this place are from the bay area and they serve up the authentic thing.  If this place was in S.F. it would be a very average burrito place but considering we are in vegas and that this place is pretty legit it hits the spot for sure.  Their burritos are actually a little small for what is normally standard but in reality they are still plenty big enough for all but the biggest gluttons and they are under 6 bucks to boot.  Their 2 locations are the only places in vegas serving these up that I know of (besides chipotle and it's rip offs).  If you know of more help a brother out.   I am going to try their other and way closer location soon but I don't imagine it is any different.FYI this place for some reason dozen't have rice on their super burrito so if you want the super authentic thing just ask for it and they will put it on, it's better with it IMHO.  Their steak is all I have tried and it is quite tasty, it's lean, tender, and flavorful.  They advertise that they use sirloin.  Their chips are pretty awesome too and I overheard someone talking about how they have the best super nachos in the world so it's probably worth a try, they are under 6 bucks too.
5	Delicious!
5	I love this place, good cheap prices and super tasty food.  I love the little tacos and their quesadilla is fabulous.  Their red salsa is also very good.
5	THE BEST burrito I have ever had in my life. Friendly service and wonderful, that's what I'm talking about. the salsa  verde is to die for.
3	A big plus for this place is that the BF is from San Francisco and this franchise is from the Bay area, so all the wall decor are pictures of the Golden Gate Bridge, Lombard St. ect... The BF felt proud....Oh Boy.....Anyhow, the food I thought was good. I got Steak Quesadilla, the BF got a Super Burrito with rice & we got chips with salsa.I hate rice in my burrito but if you want rice they'll put it in you just have to ask.The steak was tender and marinated well & the Flour tortilla was made well. The BF did not care for his burrito much - he thought  they put too little rice. Now, the chips and salsa were hellah good!!! The salsa had a great flavor and it was a dry salsa. (I never knew just how much I love my salsa dry ) I'll forever seek out dry salsa's from now on...The chips were hellah good as well - what a perfect crisp crunch and texture. The Green Sauce was salty/tangy good....The inside is spacious and the guy behind the counter was quick.All in all I wouldn't mind coming back- the BF said he'll just try something else next time.I will be craving their chips and salsa shortly.....
2	Been a while since I've ate a burrito. A very unusual adjustment considering that I lived on Mexican food back in LA. But since I'm in Vegas for school, I don't know much about the local joints for tasty food but this came to my attention and it had its share of good reviews, but also disappointing ones. I'm stuck in the middle but I would consider myself slightly disappointed rather. I got the chorizo super burrito for somewhere around six bucks. Not too sure of what the exact price was. But anyway, the burrito was good for a first try. But I don't see myself coming back. There was no condiments and the complimentary hot sauce was no bueno. There was also a bit too much salt in the burrito. If that's what makes up for their taste in a burrito, I'd rather head to taco bell. Save your money and drive down 2 miles south to Fausto's.
4	I love, love love there breakfast Steak burrito, with no beans!  It is very affordable.
1	First of all I will start with the positive.  The server/drive-thru attendant was pretty pleasant.  That's it.The food itself was awful.  I had a chicken super burrito and the thing was a full step below taco bell.  The chicken was drenched in some sort of creamy goop and I couldn't tell what else was in the burrito.  Totally gross.Go to Taco Bell if you want crappy mexican food and go here if you want to be even more disappointed.  I have begun to wonder about some of the review I see about this place and others.  Are people really this out of it to think this is 5 star food?  People must have really low standards or maybe just dumb in general.
4	Aye Curumba!!! This place brings back the memories.Back when I was a wee little lad, just started working, we would go and wait in line to get a huge burrito in Millbrae, CA. Home of the original Super Burrito store. I mean, this thing was huge, spicy and we would have to take a nap afterwards!Fast forward to living in LV, I passed by this place several times and did not think it was the same as the California Chain. Then, I saw the signs, read up on this place on yelp and had to give it a shot!1.  Location - Easy to get in and out of at a strip mall on the northeast corner of Pebble and Eastern.2.  Ambiance - Clean and simple. Plenty of tables for eat in. You order at the counter. Signs of home sweet home SF and the Bridge! Yeah!3.  Food - This is a cook to order place, so it is not like all the meat is in a warmer waiting for you, so timing wise, it will take a few minutes.- Carne Asada Burrito - Chicken Burrito- Carnitas Burrito- Cheese QuesidillaAll above were pretty awesome. We ordered it as they prepare it, without the rice. Still very tasty.  Now this thing is not power packed like other places. No, it is wrapped nice and tight and has all the right amount of meat and stuff. This makes it easier to eat and to taste the meat.  All the meat was tender and juicy!We have been getting used to the huge oversized burritos of late, however, the issue is that they fall apart and it is difficult to eat and enjoy it properly. We end up having to use fork an knife and to me that negates the experience and joy of eating a burrito with your hands!Service was great and very welcoming. GK says this place is great and I am coming back.
3	Almost all the good Mexican restaurants near where we lived have closed over the past 2-3 years so we found ourselves having to drive ever-farther from home to find good burritos. That is, until we saw some poor soul with a yellow Superman-type T-shirt swinging a huge arrow-sign  with "Super Burrito- Super Good!!!!!" standing on a sidewalk near this place. We didn't want to encourage that sort of threatening advertising so we didn't go in that day, but once we did get here, we found out it was indeed Super-Good (with one exclamation point at most, though.)The menu is short and sweet- burritos! Many different types and sizes to choose from and mix-and-match, from the mini bean-and-cheese to the Super Burrito with guac, rice, pico and your choice of meats (or vegetarian.) We haven't been bold enough to try the tongue burrito, but the chili verde and carnitas are definitely good, as well as the more basic chicken and non-seasoned beef varieties. They also have some enchilada and tamale plates on special but we haven't had those because the burritos are really what you have to go here for. As befits a kind of dive-type place, the ingredients are only so-so but put together pretty well once they get in the flour tortillas. The meats are all well-seasoned and the pinto beans are pretty well seasoned too. Chips and salsa is worth it if you are thinking a Super Burrito might not satisfy your hunger, (not sure that would be possible) but you might want to avoid the chips with a nacho cheese sauce which seems to come right out of a can.There's plenty of seating if you want to stay, but you would have to be a fan of ranchero or corrida music because the owners (or workers) are big fans of a radio station that plays it pretty much nonstop. In a way, though, that fits the general vibe of the place- a burrito bar transplanted from some more urban place (in this case, San Francisco) and plopped down on the dividing line between Las Vegas and Green Valley. All in all, if you are looking for pretty good burritos at a fair price, a little out-of-the ordinary and cheesy advertising, Super Burrito is definitely for you.
3	I got a carne asada burrito here a while back.  I don't remember much about it.  It couldn't have been too bad or too good then I guess.This time around I got carne asada chips and a cheese quesadilla.  The prices were average.The carne asada chips had nacho cheese instead of shredded cheese.  I'm not sure if I like that or not.  I was mostly just surprised by it.  The meat was fine.  There wasn't too much beans, which is a good thing.The quesadilla was a big disappointment.  For paying nearly $3, I expected it to be about twice as big as it was.  The cheese they used wasn't cheddar, I think it was Monterrey jack.  I like Monterrey Jack, but once again it wasn't what I was expecting.  In any case there wasn't enough cheese anyways.They really need to be telling their customers if they are going to do weird things like use nacho cheese or Monterrey jack.  Nobody should have to be surprised.
2	Mehhhh.... It wasn't terrible... but soggy beans, bland carne asada and uninspired pico certainly explains why this place is empty every time I drive by. Next time I'm in the area and hungry I'll just drive the extra 2 blocks and go to Del Taco. My search for a good hole in the wall Mexican place will continue on! It's to bad because I wanted to like this place...
5	I'ts Comfort! I'm back once again this time writing on this resturant that is another hidden gem in Las Vegas!!! This was the first time that I had been at this location and I had passed it up a few times because wasn't quite sure what to expect but I was suprised and really enjoyed the cleanliness of this small yet homey resturant.I was able to taste the meats before I purchased a "Taco Salad"that was excellent!!!! (I love taco salad's) so this was a treat for me it had just enough combined fresh igredents that the flavors complemented each other and it wasn't overpowering. I would recommend the "Super Burrito" as well so if you are driving down Eastern Avenue before you get to the freeway underpass on Pebble check out the "SUPER BURRITO" you will get your monies worth and leave with a full stomach.Tell em' Comfort sent ya!Say hello to Henry for me (Manager) He's cool, honest and very courteous!!!
3	If you like Taco Bell, you'll hate this place because it sells REAL Mexican style burritos.Although they're slightly on the pricey side ($4.99 for a carne asada burrito with a few tortilla chips), theyr'e rather large and tasty.  You can really taste the char and smoke in the meat.... no fake liquid smoke here!The regular size burrito is huge in comparison to most other places, I don't think I'd be able to eat the super sie burrito in one sitting.They also serve authentic Mexican drinks, everything from Mexican Coke (made with cane sugar instead of corn syrup), to horchata, tamarindo, jamaica, and popular bottled brands.The only thing that I think is kind of odd is that the place is decorated with scenes of Sand Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge, I guess in order to show off the hometown of the owner.
5	I LOVE Super B Burrito! This is what a true Mission District of San Francisco Burrito is supposed to taste like! Super Fresh, Super Delicious! I get a taste of home every time I eat at Super B.
3	I was in the neighborhood and looking for a quick bite to eat for lunch. The good thing about this place is that they have a drive thru. Definitely a plus. I ordered the pollo verde burrito, minus the beans. The service was fast and my burrito was ready quickly. I liked that it was wrapped in foil, which makes it easier to east on the go.The flavors were pretty good. I enjoyed the chile verde quite a bit. The flavors didn't blow me away, but it was tasty. I will definitely be back to try out the other burrito options that are also cheaper. The price added up pretty quickly, so $9 for lunch seemed a little steep. I saw some other burritos priced at just under $5, so I'll probably aim for one of those next time. Definitely a good option for a quick bite on the go.
1	The worst lunch I've had in Vegas to date. Without question.There's a guy standing out front holding a sign saying "Upgrade your Mexican" food. After I walked out I had a passing thought that someone should have done the public a favor and tossed a Mexican coke bottle at him to scare him off or something.I ordered a Super Burrito with chicken, chips and pico with a side of guacamole, and they gave me a small cup of carne asada steak to try. I asked about the Lengua / Tongue on the menu but they guy kept steering me towards the carne asada for some reason. I also ordered some tamarindo to drink. The order was made fairly quickly but while I waited I looked around. I'm a little confused by this place. Is it a Mexican place? A San Francisco type place? The whole concept is confusing with Mexican food on the plate and pictures of the Bay Bridge on the wall. When the food was done I snapped a picture of it with the Yelp app. It looked good but that's where things went South in a hurry. The chicken burrito was flat. It's bad when a 7-11 microwave burrito has more taste than this handmade burrito did. And the carne asada steak? They need to go to Fausto's and learn how to make carne asada steak. And the guacamole? Heavy use of the salt shaker made it edible but it lacked flavor even with the heavy salt. How can one mess up guacamole? Talk about snatching defeat from the jaws of victory, this place found a way to mess up guac! The only things saving me from leaving with a growling stomach was the pico, the nothing special chips, and the tamarindo which honestly had me wishing I had ordered a Mexican Coke instead. On top of that the place just smelled weird. Not a cleaning chemical weird, or a backed up sewer weird, but definitely something was not right in there. I really regret going there. And while I will give places second chances this was bad enough that I don't think I'll go back. For the money I spent I could have had Chipotle. Super Burrito is like the anti-Chipotle. It's what Chipotle would be like if they did EVERYTHING wrong.1 Star, but only because Yelp says you gotta leave 'em something.
5	I'll recap the last minute of my life for you: I polished off my burrito and immediately texted Boyfriend to tell him that we never have to go to Roberto's ever again. This place is that good.The restaurant is big and open, with plenty of little tables. It's very clean. I was greeted when I walked in and was given a minute to look at the menu, without pressure. The menu is small, which I like in a place like this. Granted, I only looked at the burrito options, but this is how it works: they have all the different Mexican food formats (burritos, tacos, tostadas, quesadillas, etc). So you pick your format, then you pick your meat (there are like 8 meats to choose from, which is awesome). The prices are based on the format, not the meat, which is a breath of fresh air. My decision came down to toppings. The Super Burrito has pinto beans, your meat, pico de gallo, sour cream and guac. The regular burrito has just beans, meat and pico. I chose a regular carnitas burrito.To. Die. For. This is definitely a quality vs. quantity thing. The burrito isn't huge, but enough to fill you up. The tortilla was warm and pliable and didn't even think about falling apart mid-meal. The beans were..beans. Not much you can do with those. The pico was delicious (heavy on the onion, just like I like it!). The carnitas was killer. Moist meat with crispy bits from the grill. At the bottom of the burrito was my favorite part: that delicious meat/bean/pico soup that collects down there. YUM! As if that was not enough, I sampled both of their hot sauces: the red "hot" and the green "mild". The hot wasn't "grab a glass of milk" hot, more of a smokey, pleasant heat. The green salsa was my favorite! It seems to be a puree of cilantro, onion and maybe some garlic. Like pureed chimichurri...heaven!Super friendly, super fast service with really, really tasty food. I couldn't ask for anything more!
3	Food 3 starsFast food I've had San Francisco Mexican food and this isn't even close to the taste. I's Okay if you want a quick burrito, but stay away if you expect great flavor.
2	Burrito was pretty good. Whoever says these burritos are like the ones in the Mission either haven't been to the Mission or are just liars. The burrito had pico and sour cream but those were the only similarities shared with its Nor-Cal cousin. I like all the SF pics, but the burrito was meager just like all the other burritos in this dessert. I was so stoked too! Bummer.And good price? I paid $7 for a carne asada "super" burrito. Not bad, but with no leftovers not cheap either.
5	First time here. The cashier offers me samples of the green Chile pork. WOW,that meat makes a mean burrito. I will be back!
4	Super B is kinda like a cross between Roberto's and Chipotle. The ingredients are higher-quality (like a Chipotle), but it seems more local and is frequented by actual Mexican people (like Roberto's). To add to the authenticity, the menu is in both Spanish and English, and they have Spanish music playing over the radio.My hsuband and I both got the Super Burrito - his in carne asada, mine in chicken, and they were good. The Super Burrito comes with beans, meat, pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream. The meat was good, but the highlights for me were the fresh, chewy tortilla, and the pinto beans. They tasted like the ones your friend's nana would always be making in the kitchen back in middle school. (if you had friends like mine). Price was around $6.50 for a super burrito and a few chips. Note that despite the name, the burrito is not huge Chipotle size. Since they have notices about 'nor-cal's best' and other similar claims on the windows, I thought this might be a transplanted California chain, but best I can tell, Super B is unique to Vegas (don't quote me, my research is not extensive).
4	Overall a good place for a quick cheap lunch. Their chorizo breakfast burrito is a awesome and you can beat the price!
1	I ate here once... Probably won't repeat. I think the only thing that keeps this place alive is the fact that there is not many Mexican choices in the neighborhood other than the typical chains.   Reminds me of the old style gas stay ion burritos. I definitely was not impressed. I do not see the place lasting
2	Count your change, and look at your receipt. I had been going regularly, and last week I was hungry, hurried and distracted. Later whenI looked at my receipt I saw I had been clearly shortchanged by the counter-lady. Doubt if I'll return. Or if I do, I'll bring the exact amount. Their burritos are only okay, the ingredients tend to be clumped at one end or the other. Who wants a big wad of guac at the end of the burrito? Anyway, the place reminded me of the cool burrito places I used to go to in SF Mission and I prefer to avoid big chains. Not sure where I'll go now.
5	My favorite Mexican drive thru! Update! The super soft taco is my new favorite. Amazing! Two corn tortillas overrated with carne asada, Pico de Gallo, and pinto beans. Delicious! I am in love with the small corn quesadilla with carne asada. They are absolutely delicious. I smother them in green sauce and I'm one happy camper! I've tried the tostada... It wasn't as good. The shell got really soggy, maybe I need to eat that first next time. I also once accidentally ended up with the flour queasadilla (I think it was there accident, not mine but who's counting) instead of my beloved corn queasadilla. It was good, but I'm sure I'll never swap them out. And going forward Im very careful to expressly make sure they know what kind I want. It's Yummy!
4	Freshest breakfast burritos and juicy, flavorful, delicious meats. Their carne asada and pork is really tasty. I've tried their tacos, nachos and burritos and have yet to be disappointed. Also, the fact that they have a drive thru is such a plus. Grab a breakfast burrito on a Sunday for a great hangover meal or try their San Francisco burrito (basically a "California burrito") - you can't go wrong. I think I like this place so much because you can tell just by looking at their food that it is cooked fresh and with quality ingredients. Super B Burrito doesn't serve greasy, cheap canned food that's ready in a couple of seconds or heated in a microwave. It's kind of like a cross between Roberto's and Chipotle - not as greasy and heavy as Roberto's with quality ingredients that remind me of Chipotle,, while still maintaining that authentic Mexican taste. Yum! :)
5	The best chile verde and steak!!! The owner is from the Bay Area which is my hometown..and they are the only place with a super burrito (somethn only in Cali that is non-existent here in NV). Very happy with service and food.
5	Consistently makes the best burritos in Vegas. I've driven across town multiple times just to eat here. The carnitas super burrito is amazing
3	The breakfast burritos are ok but their carne asada and beef tacos are bland. Very tough and chewy meat.  Their green hot sauce is a bit more flavorful than their red (pasty). The green sauce is their saving grace. I'm only coming here for their breakfast burritos from now on. Eggs, bacon and potatoes in a tortilla.  You can't go wrong with that.I only use the drive through so I can't comment on the decor, bathroom ect.
1	Waited in the drive through line for over 20 minutes behind one car. When I got to the cashier, I paid, and had to wait again.... Currently waiting on 3 burritos, all of which are the same. How hard is it to make a burrito when you are a burrito store. Absolutely insane that the worker didn't even apologize. Not worth the diarrhea
5	The place is simple, no fancy shmancy seatings just the perfect local spot to grab good food and enjoy. The wait was a little long but heck i understand, the food is good and plus you only have two hard working guys running the kitchen. Overall, i was satisfied with my San Francisco Burrito and Super Fries... i'll definitely be back
4	Very good food, relaxed atmosphere, very friendly employees! Delicious authentic Mexican food.
5	The quality of their meat (not meet as it is spelled on their menu,  lol) is second to none, and they are not shy putting it on whatever you get either. Their cheese is top notch and they have the absolute best fountain Coca-Cola I have ever had, of all things. They are consistent, friendly, and not overly expensive. The place is clean, and other than the spelling errors on their menus both inside and out, this place is absolute perfection!
2	It's gone down hill as far as I can tell.. The burritos we ordered were cold and what little cheese they  did put on wasn't even close to being melted.. I'll move on, there's better choices out there
5	The taste of La Mission!! Rudy brings the flavors of San Francisco to Sin City! YUMMIES.
1	Just ordered a Super Burrito with Chili verde, all I can say is it was bland beyond belief. It was the messiest thing I have ever eaten, full of watered down pico and guacamole. Will not be going there again.
3	This was just ok, BUT I did just have a breakfast burrito,  hard to judge a place on that. Average price.  They threw a few tortilla chips in probably as decoration as they were literally just a few, and a little stale.  The house made red salsa was good I'll give them that. I'd be interested in trying something else but only of I'm around,  today I'm here while I wait for my oil change next door.
5	Stumbled upon this by accident, we were going to Z Chicken across the street not knowing that Z Chicken is closed on Tuesdays.  BF was hungry so we stopped here.  We both love Mexican food:  he is Hispanic, I lived in Mexico for over a year so especially he can be picky about the food.  I learned  how to cook chile rellenos in Mexico and mine are pretty good but the plate he got at Super B was almost as good as mine.  He loved it that the beans were not refried, they were whole pintos like frijoles de olla, and the 2 fat chiles were made with pasilla chiles.  I tried a bite and I liked them a lot!  I had a breakfast burrito with bacon and it was pretty darn good.  The salsas are made in house, the bf who drinks hot sauce like juice said the red was pretty spicy and the green I tried was flavorful but not spicy.  The food was plentiful, service was fantastic, lots of seating, very clean!!  We enjoyed our meal here and will definitely be coming back to try other dishes!!
1	Terrible customer service.  I went through the drive thru. Ordered a Super Burrito with Chicken.  The guy said with what. I repeated with chicken. I heard a click then waited 5 mins before a truck pulled behind me. I then said "hello".. Got no answer...then the guy started  literally whistling at me through the speaker. I then just drove off without my food. That's ridiculous!
5	Found this little gem because the bf and I didn't want to wait an hour for the Sunrise Cafe. It's just around the corner and doesn't disappoint! I got the steak and egg burrito...I'm from SoCal and this is by far the BEST breakfast burrito I've had. The green salsa is a perfect match (mild and tangy with a hint of some type of vinegar). The chips are the real deal...the kind that are crunchier and thicker, also pair well with the burrito. It's way off the strip but I'd come back for sure...it will def cure any hangover!!!
