1	This little restaurant is tucked away behind Target at 7th St and Bell. After my boyfriend and I each drove past separately and saw the sign, we decided to check it out yesterday for brunch. It was a Saturday around 1:30pm. When we went in, it was suspiciously empty, but I figured that might be due to the time.According to the menu, the restaurant was created to showcase the family's collection of antique blue plates. The interior is quaint but with a slight air of neglect. Our server was nice, but I found it disturbing that one of the other server's had a telephone conversation right next to us complaining about how her son wasn't allowed to cash out his drawer and was $20 short. I ordered the country eggs benedict - poached eggs over sausage and a biscut, topped with gravy, with hash browns on the side. My BF had a breakfast plate with hash browns, scrambled eggs, sausage, and a small side of fruit. The first thing I noticed was that the hash browns seemed to have been cooked by two different people. His were pretty good with a slight crunch, but mine were just a oily blob of mushy potatoes. His eggs were cold. Mine were not only cold, but the yolks of my poached eggs were completely hard. The gravy was starting to congeal on my plate. Overall, the flavor of the food wasn't bad, but just executed very poorly.One nice touch is that they have a punch card where after buying five entrees, you get one free. Unfortunately the punch card doesn't do much good when the food isn't appealing enough for us to make a return trip.Once I finish this review, we're going back to the Black Bear Diner today to wipe out yesterday's horrible experience.
4	I eat here every Saturday and have never had a bad meal.  I recommend the New Orleans French Toast that is topped with sauteed bananas.  Delicious. The omelettes are awesome and I can never finish one.  I usually go between 11:00 and 12:00 and the place is always packed.  The only drawback for me is waiting in line to pay the tab.  Other than that, the service has consistently been great every time I've been there.  I've only had breakfast items, but hear the burgers and sandwiches are very good.
3	One star is definitely too few. My search for the best brunch in the Valley continues, although the Blue Plate was not a disappointment. The french toast was quite good, as was the Chorizo fritatta, and the country eggs Benedict was all right as well. Don't go expecting world-class fine-dining. But for a decent, hearty breakfast, the Blue Plate is worth a stop.
4	Aside from the long ass wait, (45 min on a Saturday morning, so I excuse them) this is a solid place to grab breakfast/brunch. Their corn beef hash is FRESH and made in-house, their biscuits are homemade as is their country gravy. The menu has some creative dishes, that wouldn't work for anybody on a diet. Lots of opportunity to add caramelized bananas on your pancakes or french toast.  Service is hard to rate when the place was hopping. I would say it was just over sufficient. This is a nice place to get a hot, home cooked breakfast.
2	Went there for breakfast today after finding the place using Yelp.  My friends and I all had the same skillet order and we all agreed it was ok.  Not great but not the best we've ever had.  The place was also lacking in decore but it was packed.The service was excellent and the waitress was checking in with us every 5 minutes with refills which was great.so, this place is ok.  not great but not that bad either.My friends and I were 50/50 on if we would eat there again.
3	UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT:  New management changed not only name but total menu change also.  Same phone number, though. The person who answered was extremely nice and she said that we should come in to experience their phenomenal protein pancakes, and whatever we had, we'd leave happy!
2	This place is now US Egg's.  Food wasn't bad, just not a lot of flavor and im a guy that likes a lot of spice.  Service was adequate as well.
