4	After a long day at the pool we were in the mood for a little late afternoon snack to tide us over until dinner. j-pop was the perfect choice-super fresh sushi, and by Vegas standards, not horribly over priced.  After a little spicy tuna and some sake we were ready to start our night.  Thanks j-pop!
4	This place is great when you don't want to wait your time in line trying to get into an overrated Vegas club. This place turns intp The Kitty Club and they have a live band who perform on Fridays and Saturdays - all for free. The act is similar to The PCD you find at Cesears. Believe me when I say you can't find anyplace with a great vibe and for free anywhere else along The Strip. I had to delete a star because one of the singers from Friday was absent on Saturday. I think she held fhe group together vocally.
4	This place has some great live entertainment...girls singing, guys rapping and pole dancers in the background. Awesome~!While waiting for our friends to arrive in Vegas...we chilled at Mandalay Bay at this bar. Ummm...we had a bit too much to drink...shots, beer, cranberry Goose. Yeah~! When our friends arrived we had more. Mainly Don Julio Anejo shots. Eeek~! Don't want that for awhile. As our intoxication progressed...the entertainment got better and better. They can really sing...those girls~!! The service was pretty good. I'd go back for the free entertainment...not for the Don Julio shots...
4	I had the distinct pleasure of spending a weekend in Vegas with a bunch of guys who were a little more health conscious than the regular "let's party like we're 21 even though we're not!" crowd. I have never partied so well, had so much fun, and felt so good. A lot of it had to do with being pressured to stay totally hydrated so we wouldn't fade at 4am. A lot more had to do with just eating healthy, rather than pigging out on junk.One of our meals was at j-pop -- we were staying in the Mandalay, it was easy and convenient. We sat at the sushi bar, as it was easy for 8 guys to sit down, order for themselves, pay for themselves, and get rapid, attentive service. Which we did.I ordered mostly Nigiri. My bro ordered a roll I think. I also had green tea. The fish was good; fresh and flavorful. The chefs made it promptly, and the presentation was excellent. I was hungry from hanging out on the Mandalay Bay Beach, body surfing in their wave pool, and talking to random people, so it was nice to get served up quickly.It may have been a bit pricey, I don't remember, but seriously what now isn't pricey in LV? Hard to find good food for cheap anymore.
2	This place has decent sushi, but the price makes it tastes awful.  I had 5 pieces of sushi and it cost me just under $50! Thats like $10 per piece of sushi!Bleh no thx!
3	After going to Shark Reef Aquarium, i was in the mood for some sushi. Saw J-pop walking back and tried to satisfy my craving for raw fishies. Nice open feel to it, in the center of the hotel. You mark your order on the menu. Kinda cool, i wrote in some of the order to custom make my rolls. Such as Unagi hand roll to add some topiko and avocado. California roll with some spicy sauce mayonnaise, that actually was a hit. I recommend you try the Cucumber salad. It had some type of vinegar which made it taste sour but yet tart. Also try the Screaming Orgasm, seared tuna with miso dressing. Sauce made me scream orgasm with each bite i took.Sushi was pretty good nice and fresh. Salmon and Yellow-tail melts in your mouth. Kinda disappointed when they didnt have Toro... It was a bit pricey but your in Vegas. Everything is always more expensive inside Vegas hotels.
3	I was craving some fresh sushi after all the fried foods and drinks we were having in Vegas and happened upon J-Pop Lounge. I don't know if it was my intense hangover, or if my palate was craving anything non greasy, but I thought the sushi here was awesome. Mmm. I used to be a waitress in a sushi restaurant so I learned a thing or two about fish quality and the quality here was great.I had a cucumber salad which I would highly recommend, and then we got a tuna cut roll, yellowtail cut roll, and scallop cut roll. The tuna was incredibly fresh and almost slightly creamy like toro, the yellowtail melted on my tongue, and the scallop had the best texture. But I can't give it the 4 or 5 stars that I want to because of the pricing and service. It's totally overpriced for what it is. You'd think they'd compensate with service or decor but no. The service was okay, and it definitely wasn't what I'd consider a nice restaurant. So sushi, yes, prices, no.
1	The food is terrible and wayy overpriced! We were staying at theHotel and Mandalay and decided to grab some sushi to go since we were running late. Spent $30 on 6 pieces of some not very delicious sushi.
1	As you can see from my other reviews, I have a serious problem with sushi restaurants without real Japanese roots. This restaurant is a perfect example of that. There are no Japanese wait staff, and when looking at the menu options, I cannot believe any self-respecting Japanese restaurant would serve these "fake" sushi items. I understand the clientele they are going after, and they are mostly not hard-core sushi experts, but when I pay $150 for a sushi dinner, I expect much more than rolls and sticky sashimi. The nigiri was poorly made; I couldn't see the sushi chefs so I cannot speak of their authenticity, but the rice was too hard, and the fish tasted sticky. This is a sign of bad fish. Yes, we are in the middle of desert, what's the big deal? A restaurant should know factors working for and against them. Opening a sushi restaurant in the middle of desert (not a good idea), provide not fresh fish (even worse idea). On the other hand, I have visited other Japanese restaurants outside of the strip which were amazingly good, so I know good, fresh sushi is doable even in Vegas. It was not a busy evening, but I waited over 40 minutes for my meal to arrive, what are they doing? Catching fish out in the sand or something? Yes, I did pay for $150 for my dinner here, and I even brought a menu home just so I can share the ridiculous prices with my family and friends. I will probably frame it and put it on my wall of shame as the most ridiculous Japanese restaurants I have been to.
3	This review is not for the restaurant.  Seriously, sushi in LAS VEGAS?!  Don't be ridiculous, unless you want explosive diarrhea.  If you're not within a 100 miles of the coastline, FORGET IT!JPop was our go-to spot for post-conference drinks and a quick wind-down this week.  Solid/well-priced-for-Las-Vegas drinks, smoking permitted.  Sounds pretty damn good after 16-hour workdays, right?  A band played every night, but not so loud that it would keep you from carrying on a conversation.They pour Hennessy from a gun.  Beat that.
1	I had drinks here for a couple of long, long hours.  Each drink will set you back $15.  And it's a total douche factory.  End of story.
3	Ok, you're in Mandalay Bay and trying to figure out what to eat tonight.  Plenty of choices but j-pop was one of the few that didn't looked packed and there was a reason why!  While the sushi was good but service was slow, seating was limited and prices were, well, pricey!  Let's face it you're going to shell out some dough in Las Vegas but I'm pretty sure there are better sushi options in the area.  A maybe if you're staying in Mandalay Bay but can't really recommend it if you need to make a trip!
1	OMG, this place dunt even deserve a single star!!!  We ordered a $21 roll that came in miniature sized, like the ones they sell at bel air.  I expected a nice creative looking fancy roll, NOT!  We were so dissapointed, 4 girls, 2 rolls, 4 drinks, 2 miso soup, 1 edamame (sp?), came out to $98!!!!!!  So not worth it, ughhhh...DO NOT COME HERE...  THEYRE WHACK!
2	Say what? $14.99 for a bento box lunch special? Ok.. I'll give it a try.Was it worth it? Meh, not so much. It took 5 days to get our food and the waitress just seemed to be in her own world. WTF?My friend ordered a $5 cucumber salad and it was the smallest salad I've ever seen. It was the size of half a rice bowl and we both looked at it like WTF.My bento box came with 4 pieces of california roll, 4 pieces of spicy tuna roll, 1 piece tuna sushi, 1 piece salmon sushi, 1 pice shrimp sushi, seaweed salad and edamame. It was alright. I was stuffed. But, really, the wait made it just ridiculous. And the $5 small ass cucumber salad was also insane. Blah.
1	OVERPRiCED!!SLOW SERViCE!!!it look just like regular rolls nothing special and not even alot. very small portion..only good thing they let my cousin change drinks when she didnt like the one they picked out for her..1 star thats it
