3	I like this place, but the service is typically bad, so I have to give it three stars.  It gets positive points because they serve draft beers in a variety of sizes, the menu is awesome, and they serve food late.  Unfortunately, it can take an hour to get your food, and more than once I havent gotten what i ordered.
1	You know I have tried to like Sir Edmond's, I really have.  I've gone there a bunch of times, and I really like the outdoor patio seating, especially the big cherry tree that has such beautiful blossoms in the spring and would be the perfect place to take a chick on a first or second date, and they do have a descent selection of brew on draught, I do like Ye Old Speckled Hen, but well, their food sucks.  The last time I went there I ordered the fish and chips, mainly cause this is a pub and I was feeling nostalgic for my days in London, so I wanted some fish and chips, and thought they might actually be good...Wrong!  The fish and the batter were uncooked, and I had to send it back not once, not twice, not three times, but four times, and on the last time, it still wasn't right I just didn't feel like sitting there anymore, and my brother had already finished his burger, which did look good.  Did the waitress offer me anything for my trouble, nope.  Which brings me to my next complaint, the service and the whole atmosphere is really kind of rude, and stuffy, maybe I'm just not cool enough, but they always seem to busy to serve me, and the whole low ceiling basement bar thing is not my bag.  Other people love Sir Edmond's, I know I've heard rave reviews for their burgers and their lamb sandwich, this place just isn't for me.
3	The patio is nice! If you are looking for a cozy place to go sit outside that isn't next to a busy street, this is a good place to go. They do not allow cigar smoking until after 10 o'clock PM though, (even outside) so if you are looking for a place to enjoy a cigar, keep that in mind. The menu is unusual with a variety of different fares like goat cheese friiters, Buffalo chili and Ahi Tuna. I had the fritters and a plate of Ostrich tacos. The fritters were interesting (quite rich though) and I would have them again, but they were "missing something". I felt that way about the tacos as well but quickly rectified that with the addition of the garlic chili paste. The garlic chili paste turned the *okay*  tacos into something spectacular! I will eat there again, but will mostly be going for the on draught Hobgoblin Ale and the patio. (they have draught Belhaven and some other quality European beers as well) I have read mixed reviews about the service there but would have to say that my experience was excellent. The staff was welcoming, informed about the menu and took time to see that I was a happy customer. I went on a Tuesday night, that may have somethig to do with it. Pricing was a little high (38 dollars for Ostrich tacos, goat cheese fritters, and three pints of Hobgoblin) but that was not surprising to me since it isn't your typical "bar food" and Bud.  I will definitely go there again simply because I liked the place and the people, but I see it more as a cool bar/patio than a destination restaurant.
3	Went for lunch on a Thursday.Place is located on the back lower level of the Park Road Shopping Center.Felt like it was in a basement.  Not my cup of tea.Ordered the classic Fish and Chips - it is supposed to be an English pub.  Was very disappointed that the crust on my fish was soggy - yuck!  Other menu items included pretty standard burgers and sandwiches along with some more exotic selections like ostrich meatloaf.  Desserts were almost non-existent - I tried the chocolate and peanut butter tarte - couldn't taste any peanut butter in it.  Skip dessert here.  Although one of my companions tried the chocolate pudding served to resemble a Guinness in a glass.No one at our table ordered beer and we didn't get a beverage menu so I can't really comment on the beer and wine selection.The food menu was interesting in that all items on it were priced at $8 each - would make it really easy to split a check if there with a group!Patio seating looked very nice - wished we'd taken advantage of it!The place gets an extra star from me because they appear to be very dog-friendly.  One patron had her furry friend with her on the patio (he was very well behaved and laid quietly at her feet) and someone had provided a large bowl of water for him.Location could be difficult for someone with mobility problems - difficulty walking or in a wheelchair.  Seems like there are lots of elevation changes and an uneven floor in many spots.Won't cringe if someone suggests it again - but won't rush to go back either.
3	The first time I went here was a miss.  Fish and chips were way too doughy with no flavor.  However, I went again recently and tried some cuban pesto sandwich (don't remember the exact name).  It was great so I would definitely go back.  Side note:  you must like the smoky atmosphere and general beer smell otherwise the patio is available.
4	Reading the other reviews, It seems to that the key to enjoying Sir Ed's is NOT to order the Fish n Chips. The fantastic beer selection is one reason to keep coming back.  I had trouble deciding, and finally just closed my eyes and pointed to the page. The waitress was very good at asking for refills.  We ate outside on the patio, which has a great atmosphere, and despite being busy, was very intimate and quiet. We went with another couple, both of whom had the Fish n Chips.  They both enjoyed them, and I think both are experienced Fish n Chippers, so that says a lot, especially since they are also "foodies".   We started the table with french fries with the curry dipping sauce, which is REALLY delicious!!  So delicious, in fact, that my husband nearly bit our waitresses hand off when she tried to take it before he had scraped it all out!  My husband had the shaved leg of lamb wrap.  He raved about it, oohing and aahing through the whole meal.  As a fan of lamb in general, I am sure I would have loved it too, had be bothered to share a bite with me!  I had the Roasted Artichoke, Zucchini & Garlic sandwich.  It was also really fantastic. The bread was still crispy, even with the roasted veggies on it soaking the bread with deliciousness!  There's not too much more to say about it--it was just a good sandwich that definitely satisfied this customer. I am definitely interested in trying the Ostrich meatloaf and kangaroo loin--how cool does that sound??  They have a very eclectic menu, while still retaining a "pub feel".  I would definitely recommend sitting outside if it's nice, since the inside is a bit dingy and dark--not really my cup of tea.  We will definitely be coming back here, even if it is just to enjoy a pint outside with friends.
2	I have been to Sir Edmond Halley's on a few occasions & I have had terrible service every single time.  The first time we got our first round swifty but waited over an hour for our second round.  The second time we waited 45 minutes to even get served & then another hour and half to get a second round.  The food is mediocre at best, tasteless & bland even for British food.  The only thing it has going for it is location -- you can get a decent pint & "pub grub" without the hassle of going uptown.
4	This place is touted as having the feel of an authentic British pub, but I've really only experienced the patio area, which is quite nice.I can't speak to the food, as I was only there to drink and meet a few people, but I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere.The service, unlike a few other reviews have stated, was pretty decent. I don't recall waiting an inordinant amount of time for another beer or a time where I felt like I was being ignored.The interior seems a bit small, but it had a nice feel to it. There was a duo playing bluesy covers and a few jazz tunes, but the patio is the place for me.Nice place to go if you have a group or just a few friends to catch up with.
2	How this place has managed to stay open so long is an eternal mystery to me!  The food has always been mediocre.  The service was not even that good.  But somehow it endures.  Guess that explains how Dubya got reelected!
3	Sir Ed's is my favorite spot to grab some food late at night. Unlike other late-night options, the menu is pretty extensive - from Thai chicken skewers to the artichoke, zucchini and portobello melt. But I don't think I would ever go there if I had to sit inside. It's tiny, smoky and a little creepy to be honest.The outside patio is totally different. You're surrounded by pretty trees and plants and feel as though you've stumbled upon some secret garden bar. And in some ways, you have. Sir Ed's is behind the Park Road Shopping Center and you take a strange journey down the back alley to get there. It's a fun atmosphere and good for groups of friends. I've always had friendly servers, although it's not the speediest service.
4	This place was really fun.  I went with a group of people from work and really enjoyed myself.  It's a bit hard to find, as it's behind the Harris Teeter.  I had to drive around a few minutes to find it.  While out of the way, it really has the feel of an English Pub.  Some great British pints (read: Old Speckled Hen).  Food was decent for British food (Ha!).  I am definitely going back to sit at the bar and raise a few.
4	I wasn't surprised to read some of the bad reviews for this joint. You really gotta be in the mood to be neglected if you sit inside. Thankfully for me I know the bartender and always get prompt service. I like the dart boards and the comfy, group friendly seating in the back room. And the patio is awesome for those wonderful Carolina summer eves. I don't know if they still do it but they used to do sushi on Monday nights and everything on that menu was bad-ass! All-in-all I like the place. Good to be a regular though.
5	Love this place, love the food, love the atmoshpere.  It seems like the menu is always changing here.Butternut squah croquettes are awesome, the black bean veggie burger is swell.
5	A small English pub tucked away in  an alley behind harris teeter.  They have a huge outdoor eating area.  The inside has a large community table in the back for when the restaurant gets crowded.  They have an extensive beer selection.  As far as the food goes you have to be very careful.  I have tried many things on the menu and I have only been impressed by the bacon cheeseburger and the fish and chips.  But, the bacon cheeseburger is the best you'll get anywhere.  The food is also very affordable.
4	I had lunch there- food was really good, based on the other reviews I am going to check out the bar after work.
5	Sir Ed's: Have to say I was there the first night they opened their doors and have been returning ever since. It has the best of many worlds, go early enough, it is a great Restaurant with a "different" menu than what you would expect (You have to try the Ostrich Meatloaf!). Go a little later in the evening, it is the classic "pub". I enjoy them both. I have been to restaurants and pubs all over Europe and the USA.  Sir Ed's ranks right up there with the best of them.It is a great place to go for a celebration or just to grab a beer in the evening. Draft selection is great, a true bonus if you like English beer! (and Guinness!) I have always found the staff to be outstanding..Over the years, they have had a couple that were not up to the task but thankfully they did not last. Bar Staff is always wonderful and accommodating and over the years have become friends. Great place to go!!!
4	A surprising  Brit-Pub in Charlotte, I had never heard of the place until the office crew decided to head there for lunch. I have driven past this place dozens of times and never noticed it, as it's well buried in a back corner of the Park Road shopping plaza.The service was a little off - we had to convince the waitress to come back to take our order. The lunch menu (in two sections, most choices are $9 and a few are $10) is quite ecclectic, including the Fish & Chips and burgers options you would expect for bar food, but also Pan Seared Lemon Chicken, Zucchini Cake and an option for you veggies out there - a Spicy Asparagus and Portabella Grilled Cheese sandwich and Wild Mushroom Rigatoni. I opted for the Lamb Patty Melt, which was served with brown mustard and sauteed onions. A very good, if mildly greasy, sandwich.Others at the table said that the Chicken Fried Chicken was the best they've had since leaving Texas. The Ostrich Meatloaf also received good reviews.Some good beer selections, including the usual British options.Would I come back? Yes, now that I know it's here.
4	Love Sir Ed's!  They have the best veggie burger in town.  It reminds me of Cheers....once you visit a few times, they know your name and your drink.  I like their eclectic menu and love that they serve it late night.  Overall, great relaxed bar atmosphere complete with darts and good tunes in the juke box.  Great "locals" spot!  Even better now that it's non-smoking.  That was only thing that bothered me about the place before.
3	IThey re-opened under new mgmt. love the chicken friend chicken, it is sooo crispy.  I feel like I"m in a dark hole though when I"m there.  Interesting menu.  Wow I just read they closed last night for good.
4	I am happy to report that Sir Edmond's is back in business!This is, quite literally, an out-the-way place.  You can access it from the front of the Park Road shopping center by a passageway, but if you have any mobility issues, you are better served by driving around the shopping center to the main entrance at the back.  In doing so, you'll discover a neat little area with an interesting secondhand shop and a charming outdoor garden shop.Once you finally find the place, you'll discover that the inside suits its location.  You certainly get the feeling of eating in some tucked-away local nook.Of course, the truly important thing about a restaurant is its food, and while part of the appeal of Sir Edmond's is surely it's location, it's food does not disappoint.  It's fairly typical pub far with a classy twist.  The shepherd's pie is delicious, and if you're feeling adventurous, try the ostrich meatloaf.  Unfortunately, the lamb sandwich they had before their temporary closure is nowhere to be found.  The portions seem smallish, but they are filling.In short, I recommend Sir Edmund Halley's!
2	The only reason I'm giving Sir Edmond Halley's two stars is because the food was fairly decent.  The service and prices were disappointing!We went on a Tuesday night around 7:30 pm.  The restaurant was full but we were able to get the last table.  I over heard a server had called in sick and the servers that were working were running around like crazy.  I heard this from the manager / owner that was casually sitting with some friends at the table next to us.  Instead of getting up and helping his staff, he mingled with his friends the entire time we were there.  Throughout the dinner we had three different servers stop by all of which had not communicated about our order, etc.  I can understand and tolerate this as they were all trying -but  I continued to be annoyed by the manager / owner just sitting by watching.  We ordered a wedge salad and added blue cheese crumbles and a side of ranch and a fish fry to share between the two of us.  My boyfriend ordered a Stella and I ordered a vodka soda with a splash of cranberry.  The food and drinks were good.  My dissappoinment came when we received the bill (after waiting for it for 10 minutes). We were charged $1.50 for blue cheese crumbles (and not told it would be an extra charge), $.50 for the side of ranch for the salad and $.50 for the "splash" of cranberry that was probably a tablespoon worth.  If the original menu items were cheap - I wouldn't have minded but I thought the prices were a bit extreme for the actual food that we received.  It's unlikely I will return.
4	The primary reason I like Sir Edmond Halley's is that it feels like a secret.  I like how there is a little tudor facade built into the back of a shopping center.  Inside you'll find a low ceilinged space with few windows and a large wooden bar.  Feels cozy!  I didn't try the food, but sat at the bar and had no issue getting drinks and refills.  They had a great looking space reserved outdoors but it was too cold to utilize it.  I'm excited to go back and check out this beer garden.
5	Oh my, I love Sir Ed's. It is without a doubt the best bar in Charlotte. Sir Ed's doesn't have the biggest beer list or any unique drinks, but they make up for it in quality. My last few years of college I came in about once a week, sometimes more. I chose Sir Eds for my first legal drinks. Now when I come back to Charlotte the trip isn't complete without a plate of Jamaican Jerk Chicken nachos and a beer. Sir Ed's has some of the best bar/pub food  you'll find. Worth coming just for dinner. In the spring/summer/fall, the patio is fantastic. My world felt like it fell apart when Sir Ed's closed briefly, and I am so happy they're back!
2	I went there today to celebrate St. Patrick's Day at lunchtime.   I was surprised to see a few items on their menu that seemed more Asian than Irish, but what the hey.  I choose the Rueben Sandwich--sounded like a safe bet.  What a disappointment--two undertoasted pieces of white bread with one piece of corned beef between and a spoonful of sauerkraut on top.  I was still hungry after I forked out 10 bucks for this appetizer sized lunch. I would have thought that since they would be drawing folks in that perhaps hadn't eaten there before (I have several times over the years) that they would want to put their best foot forward to garner some repeat business.  Based on what I saw, they favor quantity served vs. quality of food.I will not be going back anytime soon.
5	Fantastic food. Best atmosophere in Charlotte. A true local tradition. Make sure to stop in for a pint.
3	Finally got to back back since they reopened.  I liked the outdoor seating area but decided to hang inside at the bar and get a black and tan.  Seems like the old place - just smells a little better and the food is good. I'll be back.
4	I recently noticed that Sir Edmond Halley's has  added a vegan version of their black bean veggie burger.  Hoo-ray for all the plant-eaters and serious props to Sir Ed's for giving a nod to modern lifestyles/diets.  Cheers!
2	No beer specials on Saturday night!  I should have known it was going to be a bad evening when we were greeted with an offer for vodka shooters.  Thoroughly confusing introduction to what's supposed to be a well-loved English pub.  Seeing as there were only six customers inside but the patio was packed, the best reason to go is to enjoy a draught Guiness in the outdoor seating.  I wanted food and word on the street is they're under new management and reinstated their traditional menu.  So I hankered to try their shepherd's pie.  The online menu is not current and meat pie is nowhere to be seen.  The new menu has things like egg rolls with spicy sauce.  If they are trying to cook what the new chef is good at, they're still missed the mark.  The new items are mediocre at best.  It doesn't take Gordon Ramsay to know they should throw the new menu out the window and get back to English basics.  Don't get the burger if you're used to Big Daddy's or The Burger Co!  The patty and fries tasted pre-fab frozen.  Definitely had bad tummy the rest of the evening.  The whiskey selection is next to nil.  If friends want to go again I'll try the fish and chips but I won't get my hopes up.  And I wouldn't call it an English restaurant anymore or even a "pub" judging the current state of affairs.
2	Good gosh this place is hard to find! It's literally tucked away in the back of the shopping center! I don't even know how people would find this place without yelp and a gps.The decor is quite classic English pub style and the service is charming. Sadly I find the food here a bit lacking after having been here twice. The first time I had the fish and chips which were good if a bit boring. The fries weren't as crisp as I would like and under seasoned. The fish batter on the other hand was delightfully crispy but also lacking some flavor. Salt is your friend! My second time here I had the Guinness stew, maybe my palate is not very good but it just tasted like canned beef stew to me. The best part of the dish were the vegetables on top of it. On the plus side drinks are cheap, and the patrons are friendly.
4	After a failed attempt one Sunday afternoon for lunch (don't open until like 5 on Sunday), we finally made it to Sir Edmond Halley's. It is tucked down below the Park Road shopping complex and can be accessed via that street as well. For lunch, they have a two tier pricing system. A group of lunches for $8 that includes a drink and tax or a selection for $10 including drink and taxes. That works for me. i went for the ostrich meatloaf that came with veggies and mashed potatoes. It was good, not great, it was almost a little bland for my taste. However, i am a fan of what my wife ordered off the $8 list. The Broccoli Parmesan was terrific. Based on the server's recommendation, she got the tomato soup with it and it was a terrific combo. Dip that baby in the tomato soup and enjoy. i did not consume any beers at this meal, but they had a few i would've liked to enjoy. Sadly, the drink included with lunch is not a Guinness, i double checked.
4	Some of the best fish and chips i have ever had. I would definitely recommend sitting in the patio.
5	Sir Ed's is my favorite, kid friendly bar in town.  We have been going here for years.  My children ask to go every weekend.  Love their new kid menu.  It actually has healthy items.
4	I've only tried their lunch menu, apparently their full menu is available after 5pm until 2am. I ordered the vegetable club and my husband tried their black bean burger. Both of our meals were delicious and we'll be back again for sure. The restaurant was a little hard to find, and they had a very cool 80's/New Wave playlist (I got really excited to hear several tracks by The Cure).
5	Sir Ed's hosted a casual wedding reception for our daughter.  they were extreamly helpful in creating a special menu.  food and service were great.  This was a great place to hold a special event.
2	Been there before and enjoyed it.  However, before it changed management/ owner I used to get the fish and chips..... NEVER AGAIN!  The fish came out as a tube of bread with a tiny center of fish inside.  The ratio was about 70% bread (sweet tasting, too?!?) to about 30% WET white fish.  I ate one and1/2 bites and would have been sick if I ate the rest.  Fries were ok, but that's not what I get fish and chips for....  Lunch partner had BLT that had about a cup of mayo on it, so ask for it on the side.  Her tomato soup (used to be her favorite in CLT) was salty and not a lot of  tomato flavor.  I've had good stuff there, but not great.  I'll suggest to the new owners to buy the recipes from the old/previous owners.... I was surprised that the waitress asked me if I wanted a box for the 'fish' and got a resounding NO.  She could see I only ate about a bite or two.... but didn't ask if there was a problem.  Anyway, if I go back, I'm not sure what to order.  Another lunch partner had a mixed green salad with salmon on it.... he loved it.  Not my kind of lunch though.
1	Sir Edmond BLAND's is what it should be called.... food was all bland, Sauerkraut was bland, potatoes were bland, Corned Beef was bland. It was all around bland.
4	Great fish/chips, wings and beer selection.
4	Unfortunately this gem shut down for a few months.  Fortunately it reopened without changing too much.First off this place wins the award for creative location.  If you cannot find it locate the walking bridge connecting the strip mall to some cold war era looking apartment building in the rear, take the steps down and enter.To me, this is the definition of pub.  Low lighting, dark wood, and real English pints.  The beer selection is perfect.My meal of choice here: Goat cheese fritters to start followed by  Fish & Chips, although since I've cut out a lot of carbs I usually will substitute collard greens for the chips (amazing, but only available while supplies last).  I'll choose to wash it down with an Old Speckled Hen or four.Perfect place to come on a Friday to start forgetting about your week and take it slow.Not into seafood?  No worries, literally everything on the menu is phenomenal, but when in a pub, I'm sticking with pub fare, so my runner-ups are ostrich meatloaf or a good old fashioned bacon cheese burger.It is a must try.
4	I've always enjoyed Sir Edmond Halley's sure it's changed a little bit the food isn't quite as good but they have a decent beer selection and make good drinks.  The service is friendly and I had a delicious veggie sandwich.  They had quite a few healthy options on the menu and that will keep bringing me back.  It's always nice to go to a pub & have options besides cheeseburgers, wings, & french fries.  However if that is what your looking for dig in they have plenty of typical pub food on the menu.  This is a great place to come and meet some friends for drinks or grab a quick bite to eat before a movie.  It's a little hidden - your best option is to park behind park road shopping center.
3	The fish and chips were fine. The fish was hot, the fries were decent steak fries, and the service was prompt and knowledgeable. I would return.
5	Sir Ed's is a local's restaurant and bar and, as such, is perfect.Note to non-locals: you will find a warm welcome.Part of the attraction of Sir Ed's is the 'hidden' location down an alley between the ski store and Rack Room Shoes. Head down the stairs and through the door without the sign and you're in a special place.You'll find...A sensibly-priced menu with a curious mix of pub favorites, Mexican-inspired dishes, and some simply way-out-there items. There's plenty for the vegetarian and even the vegan.A great staff including two of Charlotte's top bartenders.A superb patio in the warmer months plus a great 'warm and cozy' feel in the winter.Full menu until 2 a.m. every night/morning.A generally civilized atmosphere.You can hear what the person next to you is saying even when Sir Ed's is full.A great lunch menu with some excellent deals.Full bar with an always interesting selection of beers and wines.There's a reason that 'Sir Ed's virgins' become regulars. It's a special place.You also get free birthday on your dinner.Go to this link. http://eepurl.com/g_TTA
5	Jabari wings are the best wings in Charlotte.  Grilled to a perfect char, with a sweet ginger teriyaki sauce, they are perfect!Chicken fried chicken, black bean burger, fish & chips, butternut squash croquettes and jerk chicken nachos are also HIGHLY recommended.
5	Half-price bottles on wine on Sunday! I don't think I need to say more, but I will. I just love this place. It's cozy and off the beaten path. The fish and chips were perfection as was the goat cheese fritters. I can't wait to go back...on a Sunday of course.
3	Menu consists of a pretty unique twist on typical Irish pub fare.  Quinoa burger, zucchini cake, broccoli Parmesan sandwich - everything was tasty.  The menu was really eclectic, and there were plenty of vegetarian options.  Enjoyed the random music - Coolio, Journey, Beatles.  Service was friendly.Try the Guineas pudding.  It's the richest chocolate pudding ever.  It comes in a mini Guinness glass, and even 6 of us couldn't finish it.
4	This random hole in the wall is located in the Park Rd. shopping center.  I had never heard of it until that fateful St. Patricks day when another beer was in order.  After making my way there and enjoying the patio, I decided the food was my next venture.After my second, alcohol only, visit, I was excited to taste what vegetarian options they had.  I had the grilled cheese with spicy asparagus and portobello.  Let me tell you...grilled cheese is amazing, add a few interesting touches, it becomes addicting.  I was very happy with my sandwich.  Also, they have a very tasty appetizer of Goat Cheese Fritters with a red wine sauce.  Goat Cheese is one of my favorites and frying anything makes it better. I was in love.  Ther service is great and they can accomadate large groups, the few times I've been has been with 7-20 people.  Great staff, awesome menu choices, I'll be going back
5	Best fish and chips in Charlotte... savory and truly without the need of tartar sauce or vinegar... or ketchup. (They have all that, and it is good, but not needed) But come hungry, portions are good size. I almost rated it a "4" at first, due solely to the price point, but after tasting their food... and watching them build a perfect pint of Guinness - head rising proud of the rim, built in two parts, and the cascade proving they have their gases mixed properly... It gets a 5. It is a bit of a drive from my house, but I'll be making it. Probably weekly...Maybe on Mondays for Trivia night?
5	The boyfriend and I used to frequent this hole in the wall a few years ago before they closed as it was near to his house and it was just a great place to grab a few pints. He moved to a different part of town and we never got the memo they reopened, oops. Thankfully an invite from a friend and we know it's back in action. The new menu is great! I had the vegan quinoa burger with fries. It's awesome, that's all I can really say. The tomato compote is perfect - I needed no other condiment. My meat-eating man enjoyed the Jamaican Jerk Nachos. They were presented nicely and according to him tasty . There are several other vegan sides and miscellaneous items that I plan on trying. The bartender was attentive even on a busy night and my glass was never empty too long. $4 for a 20oz Stella most nights - I'm in. I'm so glad this little hole in the wall is back in action and better than before.
5	Perhaps my favorite watering hole in Charlotte! The food is a always solid, and a cut above your average bar food (lots of vegetarian options, too, if you swing that way) . They have a good selection of beers, once almost exclusively British beers, but they've started to get a lot of good local craft brews, too. The beer is always cold and perfectly poured, and a pretty good value, too (most beers are 20 oz. pints for $5, unlike the 14 oz. "pints" you get in a lot of other places). The staff are also top-notch. Jefferson, Mattie and Bradley will always make sure you never have to wait too long to get another beer! They have an Internet jukebox with a good selection of tunes (surprisingly, many Internet jukeboxes have a crappy selection). But my favorite aspect: it's a PUB. It looks like a pub inside, with seemingly ancient posters for London Underground and McEwan's inside. I love it!
5	I'm reluctant to review this place because it is one of my favorite secret little hide aways in Charlotte but people do deserve to know and I love seeing the place do well.I have been to England many times because I have family there and this feels like an authentic neighborhood English pub.The food is actually fantastic. It is not traditional terrible bar food. I do not think I have had a bad thing on the menu and I have tried most of it. I love coming for a late night bite and a pint or there have been several occasions where I have come for dinner itself. The burger is very well seasoned and is one of the best straight up cheeseburgers in Charlotte. Some of the more traditional UK food like Shepard's Pie and Bangers and Mash are also very well done here. I have Bangers and Mash every Christmas (100+ year-old family tradition) and this place definitely does it well. I'm not a fish person but I have heard the Fish and Chips is spot on too.The inside has a terrific pub atmosphere for mingling or grabbing a table with your mates. The outside boasts a nice brick patio under some trees for an almost secret garden feel.
3	My wife and I used to go a lot back when they first opened and Tobin was in the kitchen all the time, I always liked it and went back quite a bit. I heard that they had reopened and some of the originals were back, so the wife and I tried them for lunch. First of all, the place looks pretty much the same. It seems like they may have painted and "spruced up" some but overall it still looks like an authentic British Pub. I heard they had some good vegetarian offerings and I wanted to check them out. It turns out that there aren't really that many vegetarian options, mainly the "burger" and the stuffed pepper. I went with the stuffed pepper and my wife got the much lauded fish and chips. The pepper was quite good with nice flavors, I would have liked more seasoning but that is just me. My only complaint, albeit minor, was that the quinoa on top was a little too crunchy. The fish and chips was another story. We expected something piping hot, extremely crisp and salty just waiting for some malt vinegar. While it was a nice piece of cod, the fry job was less than stellar, not as crisp as it should have been and nearly completely devoid of seasoning. A disappointment for sure. The service was somewhat hit and miss, our waitress vanished a couple of times and we had to seek her out to get the check. If you like the "pub feel" and just want a pint at the bar then this is your place. We will give them another chance but with all the competition for my dining dollar, they won't be back in the rotation anytime soon.
4	Sir Ed's is a little hidden gem in Park Road Shopping Center that not nearly enough people know about. Inside, the low ceiling and dark accents give this place a total Irish Pub feel. Outside, the patio seating is a nice little quiet sanctuary.The menu here is very vegetarian friendly with lots of comfort food to choose from. Sir Ed's has a large bar with lots of beers and and an adequate on tap selection.My favorite appetizer here is the Irish Potato Cakes ($6.50). Two large crusty cakes with a warm herb goat cheese sauce. Delish! I usually order the Spicy Asparagus & Portabella Grilled Cheese ($8.25).  This sammich is served on sourdough. It's a nice change from your typical grilled cheese. The veggies inside are perfect, but I wouldn't exactly call them spicy. Order comes with a side, I almost always get the french fries... large "steak fries" with a strong potato flavor.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte. The staff is friendly, the beer is cold and the Jamacian Jerk Chicken Nachos are PHENOMEONAL. This is a local little hidden gem in the Southpark area that is relaxing and not pretentious. It has a feel of the wonderful European pubs. Don't miss a chance to sit outside and enjoy the weather on a hot summer day with a cold beer and did I mention the Jamacian Jerk Chicken Nachos?!For Sam J who feels the need to criticize other people's reviews and their grammer, get a life, some people take this too seriously!
5	My local pub.  LOVE LOVE LOVE!  Was so happy when they reopened.  GREAT food, GREAT pints, GREAT staff.  I have a 2 year old and the patio is perfect for her.  Love coming here for after work drinks and dinner.
2	We used to go to Sir Edmund's often. Then a couple of years ago, they closed for renovation, so it wasn't on our radar until last night. We were glad it still has that great pub atmosphere and that the menu still had our favorites. However, the items that used to be great we're just OK last night. The goat cheese fritters were very bland. I actually had to add salt to them. Without good seasoning, they lost their "wow" factor. The kids' grilled cheese was dry and bland and the fries soft.  The service, although friendly. was very slow last night. Two wait staff seemed to be covering the whole room.  We waited 20 minutes before anyone took our food order.  They have 2 menus: entrees and bar food which includes appetizers. The choices are good but too pricey to choose 2 appetizers  as your meal along with a salad. We may go again if we are in the area, but it will be for the beer and atmosphere, not for good food.
3	Tip:  If you are not familiar with the area this place can be hard to find.  Took us a minute to locate the entrance but it is in fact exactly where the map says it is!  It is in Park Road Shopping Center.  Park in the back of the shopping center; you will see an outdoor seating area.  I'd had fish and chips on my mind all day and was relieved when we arrived for dinner.  I had purposely sought out an Irish pub just for crisp, beer battered goodness...I was a little surprised by the $15.95 price but ordered them anyway.  All the entrees seem to be around this price point.I hate to say it but I was so disappointed.  The quality  of the fish was mediocre and there was so much breading that it wasn't properly cooked all the way through.  The fish was precooked and frozen so my fish wasn't raw but was kind of gooey and unappealing.  Thank goodness the chips were decent.  I also ordered a side of creamed spinach.  I'm glad they used fresh spinach but there was no flavor and the spinach was barely wilted in the sauce.  What a bummer for almost $20 worth of food!This place only gets 3 stars and that's for the space alone...cave like, cozy pub with live music in the back.  The food would get a 2, maybe.  Listening to the Irish bartender makes you feel far away from home.  It was disappointing that he didn't seem to care too much if we enjoyed our food or not.  Not once did he ask if everything was alright.I have no desire to return but if I were dragged in for drinks well, I'd be just fine having a few glasses of wine or a few pints.Cheers but eat beforehand!
4	Most people would think a pub would be a bit stuffy and serve exclusively fried food, but Sir Ed's really breaks the mold!Tucked behind the Harris Teeter in Park Road Shopping center, this place is really a treat! They have a very diverse menu that includes several vegetarian entrees. My personal favorite is the zucchini cake with ratatouille. It hits the spot and keeps you full without feeling ver indulgent. My friends usually order the ostrich meatloaf, but it is a bit much for me. The bar is always a hit, with surprising local beer choices on tap along with the usual suspects like Guinness.Sir Ed's also sports a nice patio for mild days and a dart board in the back for play time.
3	The atmosphere is cute and laid back in here, and they have a pretty good local beer selection (OM & NoDa beers on tap).The food leaves room for improvement- or many it was just what we ordered as our friends seemed to enjoy their meals.  I got the fish tacos which were SO spicy I couldn't eat them.  I love spicy food, but this was really overkill.  It was inedible and I literally couldn't taste any of the flavors because of the overwhelming spice on the fish.  My husband got a burger that was charred.  We both didn't finish our meals.Apparently the Shepard's Pie was good according to our friends, but I didn't try it, so I can't say for sure.  I would definitely be careful what you order though.
4	Awesome place to chill out away from the hustle and bustle of downtown.I usually go to Montford, but like to change it up at Sir Ed's from time to time.Gotta get a Guiness when I go, how could you not?
2	Used to go quite a bit but in the last few years the food has really gone South. Atmosphere is cool but on more than one occasion we have witnessed the cook staff fighting with mgmt. in the dining room. It seems to change hands quite a bit so I may go back and try it again. I can highly recommend the Guinness pudding though-good stuff!!Also, it's pretty pricey for the quality and portions you get.
3	We just stopped in last night as we were discussing how we havent been in there in forever.  We just stopped in to grab a few pints and ended up ordering some fries with gravy.  Their gravy is amazing! They have some great beers on top.They have trivia on Monday nights and hold it in the back area so that the front area, even though the bar is very small, is still pretty quiet. If you've never been, the bar itself is extremely dark with no windows what so ever. . It's nice when its warm out as they have a huge patio. It can be hard to find if you havent been before as it is tucked in the back of park road shopping center.
5	People have to remember that this is a pub!! Also it's technically an English pub not Irish... My best friend and I have been coming here for years and YEARS, like years before smoking was banned.  This is our go to spot for catching up, relaxing, girl talk, game nights, etc. We don't come as often as we used to but when we do they still remember who we are which is awesome. They also have one of the best patios around. It's beautiful, cozy, and comfortable. The waitstaff and the bartenders always do an amazing job for us and coming here is always good.Okay so on to the food... I've tried practically everything on the menu at one point or another and they will update their menus frequently to bring back some of our favorites. I came the other day with a friend and found the buffalo sloppy joe was back. I took a picture and sent it to the BFF as it's her favorite. Needless to say a few days later she and I took an after work trip to Sir Ed's!!Some of my favorites include: jabari wings; Thai beef wontons; hong kong egg rolls; potato cakes; jamaican jerk chicken nachos; tomato soup; BLT; Shepards Pie; Ostrich Meatloaf; black bean veggie burger; and of course the bacon cheeseburger. They've had some other things over the course of the years that have been good as well. Their fries are great and the ranch dressing is addictive. *Thai beef wontons are seasonal and not on the menu currently*  Their fish and chips have never been very good nor have their chicken fingers. No one I know who has had either has like those dishes, pretty much always over cooked and just something about them isn't good.  The Guinness stew is sometimes great and sometimes not so great. I know I love this place and the people here but have to be honest about the food lol. Their beer selection is great and their wine selection is pretty good too. So if you're looking for a cozy English pub atmosphere with some interesting food choices that's out of the way of the hustle and bustle then this is definitely the place for you!!.
3	YEAH!!!  We found a "neighborhood" spot to hang out in that is comfortable, has great food (including quite a few tempting vegetarian selections for Dave) and has a good selection of beers and frequent pint specials (love me some Harps!)It's a great little pub with simply one of the prettiest outdoor dining areas I've been in.  Service is friendly and efficient, food is darn tasty with options ranging from English pub fare (Shepherd's Pie) to Southern Specialties (Chicken Fried Chicken).  They have small plates that are really tempting and at least five options for my poor beleaguered vegetarian husband (whom I seem to always be dragging to restaurants that put meat in everything!)
1	I used to love Sir Ed's, however my recent visit was bad enough to make it my last. The waitress alone was an example on how you don't treat your patrons. She was irritable and snippy until the check came. Suddenly when it was tip time she was courteous. I wish I'd left her less and overall, I'm a strict 20% tipper. The food was not good either. My fries tasted like fish. The wrap was awful. And it took forever. The only good thing was the beer, but you can get that at better restaurants.
5	I forgot how awesome the food is here. I love that there is always something new in the menu and my favs are always here. Like the tomato soup is the most amazing soup!  I like that its hidden and how magical the patio is at night during spring time!
3	So, it has been years since I have been here, but my Mom, who recently moved to Charlotte, remembered our visit. She wanted to check it out, being a nice night and the patio is a nice treat. We arrived at 6:30 and got the last open table outside. After 10 minutes we were brought menus and water, one short. From there it took us over 20 minutes to place our order, which included having to ask the drink specials, and what was on tap, & the waitress said "it's on the back of the menu". After reviewing we ordered and waited another 45 minutes for our meal, which came out incorrect. It was corrected immediately, however, the server was very rude and short with everything! I also need to note, sitting outside offers smoking, so be warned. We, unfortunately sat @ two tables that included chain smokers...somewhat annoying while you are trying to enjoy a drink and dinner. As far as the food, I ordered the zucchini cake, which was undercooked, however, the others ordered the fish & chips, amazing. I will make sure I enjoy that dish if I return. Overall the food was good, but the service was so disappointing.
2	I love this place for their patio as we're always looking for restaurants to take the pup along. Such a neat, tucked away little gem. With all the commotion around Montford and Park Rd Shopping Center, it would be easy to never know this place is there. The patio has fairly nice landscaping which makes for a very nice ambiance.Only reason for the 2 star review is for the inconsistencies. One night you'll get amazing service, the next night you'll get a server that seems like he/she (usually she) hates his/her life. They have an awesome menu with several vegetarian options. Really enjoy this place, just wish the friendliness came out a little more on a consistent basis. It's also nice too have a late night food menu option!My go to's: Roasted Vegetables and Black Bean Nachos - it's not often you find a solid nacho option that doesn't have beef or chicken. Ginger Salmon Burger with aioli slaw
5	Sir Edmond Halley's has been our neighborhood "sure thing" for a great meal for years. The fish and chips, bacon cheeseburger, bean quesadillas, and spinach salad with strawberries, walnuts with a Speckled Hen beer are all satisfying. Oh yes, I forgot about the apple pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The staff is always friendly, and available. A great place to enjoy a relaxing meal whether indoors or in the patio.
3	I didn't even know this place existed!  Seriously this place is tucked away behind the park rd shopping center in the montford area.  An english style pub with an awesome selection of beer. The inside is dank and dark ( for some reason i kinda like it). The outside patio is awesome to sit on a nice day and have some grub.  They were out of th eostrich  lasagna so I opted for the new york strip.  I ordered it Medium Rare and it came out Rare.  That is completely fine with me, but might put off some people.  It came with some sort of potato cake that was just awesome.  The only problem I had was the strip I had was not the best cut of beef.  I guess though for $18 i really shouldn't complain especially about the size. I will be back at this little gem in clt
2	The bartender was great, the outside seating is great and the beer selection is pretty good with what you might expect for something styled as a British pub - Guinness, Harp and suchlike.Where Sir Edmond's seems to be letting down the side is the food options. Sure, they have a Fish and Chips, but where's the curry? Where's the jacket potato? Burgers are fine, but that's American food not proper British fare.I was here a few years ago and maybe my standards are higher now. If you want drinks with a Scottish flag on the wall, here's Sir Edmond (aside from that it's served cold for Yanks and the taps aren't hand-pulls). But if you want a good lamb stew or a shepherd's pie, I think you're better off at Big Ben.
1	I don't give 1-star often, but I think this "staple" has earned it with the "winning" combo of overpriced food & beer, lack of menu options, and non-existent service. I came here on Friday to join a few friends after work for drinks and for the free personalized Guinness pint glass offer. The bartender turned out to be also the waiter for us in the back dining room, which means we seldomly saw him. He wasn't exactly friendly, but I guess he got the job done at the minimum since he did bring us our beer and put in our food order and checked on us every now and then... but was a smile that hard to come by? Do I really have to be a regular to get any friendly service? Worst was the food runner... which we didn't know that's her only job there (not like they have waitstaff uniforms on for us to distinguish). So when a late comer asked her to take his beer order, she snapped back "I am not your waiter!"  WELL, thank goodness she wasn't our waiter with that attitude. More interestingly, this very same food runner had to deliver a dish to the corner table next to ours that was blocked in by 2 big tables (ours and another one). Instead of doing her job the right way and walk around the both big tables to get to the corner table, she just pretty much demanded my friend to get up & push in the chair, so she could squeeze by... how lazy and unprofessional was that?! That pretty much set the tone for an unpleasant night for me.To add salt in a wound, besides Guinness that was on special at the bargain price of $4, Fat Tire was $5... I didn't think Fat Tire is that caliber of a beer. Food was pricey as well, $4 for a basket of fries but with curry sauce (which would be the only reason I order fries/chips in an English pub) is $5, $14 for fish & chips and that didn't look like a huge order. They had more wings options than anything thing else... but if I want wings I probably would have gone to somewhere else. I ended up with $8.50 of blacken fish tacos. It was ok, the fish still had lots of liquid after being cooked, which didn't mix well with the slaw and tortilla wrap. I did enjoy the cup of soup as my side. In short, I echo the other reviewer: I'll go to Big Ben any day over this joint if I am feeling a British pub mode. At least they have better menu options, and most certainly better service.
4	Sir Ed's always delivers.  I got there in the middle of trivia but I was able to get a spot at the bar.  I finally ordered the fish and chips and washed it down with a Port City Porter.  The only thing really working against this place is how it's so hidden.  There are signs on the front side of the shopping center, but I didn't feel like navigating stairs and my friend was having problems finding me.
3	Usually, I really enjoy Sir Ed's. Its mainstays are having good beers on tap and simple, hearty food. However, this time I decided to try their "award winning" burger. I'm not sure when that award was won, but whomever made it this time was not the same person -- it came out overcooked and disappointing. My companion's French dip looked and tasted good and most of the cooked food others in my group got looked and smelled even better.
2	Ed's is a Charlotte Classic. Or should I say 'was?' Used to love this place but to say it has slipped downhill would be kind. $40 bucks for some wings drowning in a puddle of cold stale buffalo sauce, along with a bowl of Shepherd's Pie = rip off. Server could not have possibly cared less if we were there, or not. I would still visit for a beer but have dinner or a meal before you go. Since we were only one of two tables, looks like most Charlotteans have figured it out.
4	I won't review the food as there really isn't much I would eat on the menu. The burger was ok, at best. We went for the pub quiz (Mondays at 7pm) and were pleasantly surprised. You never know what type of service or company you'll end up with around a pub quiz. This was a ton of fun. The servers and bar tender are totally into it and are jovial while not ignoring their guests. We were seated at the bar and the bar tender had no problem answering questions and making recommendations while also cracking jokes to the trivia. The crowd (apparently thick tonight due to the 2hr delay tomorrow from the arctic vortex), was jovial and good spirited. Everyone cracked jokes, cheered, and made small talk if not entire conversations. There are 4-5 rounds to the trivia and the topics range from history to music to movies to pictures - a little something for everyone to flex their muscles. We will definitely be making trivia night here more of a regular thing (even if I pre-game dinner and just do dessert).
4	I love coming here in the spring to fall for dining outside at the patio! The service is always good. The lunch specials for $8 are a hit for quality and quantity. Or if you want to just pop in for a pint than that is great too. My personal favorite is either the turkey sandwich or the salmon salad. Happy eating!!
2	Disclaimer: I am not in any way familiar with the Charlotte bar scene, but this seemed like a pretty cool place upon first impression. I think what made it even better was that my hip(-ster), musical, "cool" (in the truest sense of the word) cousin in Charlotte suggested we meet there for a drink while I was in town for the night. The fact that this place has his approval is not to be taken lightly.Okay, so here's the deal. Our party of four sat at a table and just ordered drinks. I don't think that is a particularly big deal, but our waitress made multiple references to this fact, and expressed her displeasure. I mean, sure, a bigger total means a bigger tip, but ordering multiple drinks is just as good in my book. I didn't appreciate how her parting words were "Y'all promise to order some food next time, right?" -- not the way to win customers' hearts. I liked that this was off the beaten path (or at least it felt that way, we had enough trouble finding it). I think that adds to its appeal. So, all in all, I think it's a "cool" place to grab a drink but nothing I would necessarily seek out.
4	Comfortable spot, good food. May not appeal to the hipster crowd, but I'm always happy if I find myself here. One fault, needs more local beers.
4	Another reviewer wrote that one of Sir Ed's disadvantages is its hard-to-find nature, but I think that's one of the many qualities that make it a hidden gem of Charlotte. A batch of friends and I have only recently started attending on the semi-regular, a few times for Monday night trivia, and on another occasion just to sit and grab a drink and some food. Each time, we've had a blast.The atmosphere is quiet and friendly, which is an extremely welcome change to some of the other bars we've frequented.  We call it our neighborhood 'Cheers', since it feels like the kind of place you can easily become a welcome regular, where the staff will remember you, and treat you well regardless of what you're ordering. Service has always been good - a few minor delays once in a while on busy trivia nights, but totally understandable. The food is very, very acceptable. It is largely comprised of bar grub, but it's done well; no, it's likely not going to be comparable to a dining establishment whose focus is solely food - but they have a surprisingly extensive menu (another Yelper complained about a lack of menu options, which I think is untrue) featuring lots of share-worthy appys, a wide variety of burgers and sandwiches, and some surprising main dishes including Chicken Curry (I can't directly comment, but a friend got the curry sauce with a basket of fries, and said it was awesome.), among other more predictable choices like Fish & Chips and Shepherd's Pie. Friends have enjoyed their Chicken Tender baskets, which come with their thick-cut steak fries (which are delicious). Another friend's side salads have featured an impressive diversity of greens and fresh-looking toppings; definitely not one of those substandard iceberg mixes that some places try to get away with. My Turkey Burger was flavor-balanced well with its herbed goat cheese and sliced apple toppings, and was a good size - not overwhelmingly big such that I felt like food was my personal enemy after consuming it (Bad Daddy's, I'm looking at you). Husband was also impressed with his Blackened Cod taco plate, which I did not try, but looked nicely put-together. Another friend said the Buffalo Shrimp appetizer was good, but a little skimpy in comparison to some other orders, and would be better rounded out by a side of fries (as comes with the Chicken Tenders). Vegetarians, fear not! They have at least a few veggie options that aren't completely boring for you to choose from, too.They pour a generous pint, and have a variety of size options for you to mix and match how much you're in the mood to drink that evening - half pint's, "American" pints, English pints, and more. If you're not in the mood for harder stuff, soda refills come fast and furious.Re: trivia, so far theirs is the best we've found in Charlotte. They're not part of a big nation-wide group like the Team Trivia at Jackalope Jack's, but we like their setup better; a Charlotte entertainment group, "Merely Players", puts it on, and every Monday on their Facebook page they list 3 topics from the upcoming evening's 7 rounds, so you can get in a little on-point cramming before you get there. We tried to visit Ed's Tavern on a Thursday night to compare the trivia there, but were chased away by the headache-inducing music, overall noisy atmosphere and lack of open seating.Sir Edmond's is a recently-discovered jewel to us and our friends, and we only feel sad that we had not tried it sooner. It's quickly become part of our weekly repertoire in Charlotte, and hopefully will continue to be so for many years to come.
5	I actually have mixed feelings about reviewing this place, because it's probably one of my favorite places to hang out in Charlotte.  Located in Park Rd Shopping Center... it's very easy to miss since the place is located behind the shopping center.  The only indication you have that it is there from the front of the shopping center is a small sign in between Ski Country Sports and Rack Room Shoes.There is parking in the back (if Sir Edmond's is your only destination) if you don't want to mess with all the shopping traffic.  Park Rd Shopping Center is undergoing a renovation to bring the place back to it's former glory... for the most part the changes are pretty nice, but the construction can be a pain.Sir Edmond's has great atmosphere... once you find it... it feels like your own little secret.  It's got some great beers on tap (some local) but I always feel obligated to get a Guinness here (so good out of the tap!).  The food is excellent.  There is an eclectic choice of UK food... and some choices that don't seem very British... but it's great to have the option if you aren't feeling the fish and chips that evening/day.Server's are super nice and the bar keep makes for good conversation.  Their patio is so great!  It is located in a busy shopping center, but it feels like its in its own little world.  One that I like to frequently visit as much as possible....
1	Tried this place several times on the chance the first time I went they were just having an off night? I was wrong..The bartender and the server were rude...and the prices sky high..both times left me with a bad taste in my mouth..enough said..don't waste your time
1	Mediocre food, average atmosphere...it did not live up to the billing it had been given by a friend.
5	Today after visiting Winghaven Gardens , our group wanted lunch. I had wanted to go to this restaurant and other mentioned a deli across the way. I like to try different places and could not locate the deli. So off to Park Road Shopping Center. I use to work in this area and never knew this place was here. A little hard to find but it is by Rack room , a path and down some stairs. . I was so glad the 4 in my group went. We were not sure if we wanted to eat inside or out and opted for inside. it seemed a bit dark at first but after your eyes adjusted, it was fine.  I was so glad to be here. It was quiet and I knew Deli would be noisy. We all ordered something different. We all enjoyed what we had which was , Portebello Mushrooms sandwich, the pesto chicken sandwich. a BLT and I had the Reuben. Two had the sweet potato fries and they were nice and thick,not stringy or small. Myself and other party had the cup of tomato soup, delicious.  My Reuben although not on rye bread was very good. Corned beef was excellent.Only note is that when I got ready to eat the second half it had become a bit soggy.No problem, took off the top slice of bread and use knife and fork for the rest.Service was great. Meal prices included tax. Some items it includes tax and beverage. others included tax and side dish.  Very reasonable prices. I will be returning to this establishment. Oh and here I thought it was a new place. NO , they have been there for 17 yrs!!
5	They have the best Shandy in town!  Simply amazing!
1	Hostess was awful, but the waitress was nice! It's dead here and the food was awful. Will not be back. Such a shame because the location is great!
4	Met a friend here for dinner.  It was a warm evening, and I was so glad to slink into the coolness of this basement.  Kind of like a dungeon, in the nicest way.  That night, wine bottles were half off.  So what are two catchin' up style gals to do but to get a bottle of the Kim Crawford Savignon Blanc.Because of the heat, we wanted salads, but also a little extra to soak up that wine.  So, we each got an appetizer.  My friend got buffalo shrimp.  They also featured buffalo cauliflower, which my heat craving taste buds longed for.  But since we were sharing, I got the butternut squash croquettes with the Brie fondue.Our salad arrived crisp and fresh.  Because I make my own salad dressing at home out of healthy and minimal ingredients, I typically choose yummy, decadent blue cheese dressing when dining out.  And good it was!The butternut croquettes were fried crunchy with a sweet, soft center.  The Brie fondue was an extra good added touch.  My friend agreed.Which leads me to my friend.  The buffalo shrimp must have been extra good because she did not offer to share with me.  As she was munching on one of my croquettes, I looked at her plate to see only shrimp tails left!  As a woman who is always in search of hot and spicy food, I found myself regretting that I did not order the buffalo cauliflower.Next time...
4	Love this secretly hidden pub!! Food is DELICIOUS & great beers on draft - the ambiance inside is dark and dungeon-like; they also have outdoor seating when it's nice out. Sit at the bar - the bartender (sound it out like "Gare-Road")  is a sweet as can be, quick service & knows everything about the place & menu.Best Tip About this place: you have to know where to look to find it : )
1	I had the absolute worst experience here yesterday when I came here for my friend's birthday dinner. The waitress could not have been any more rude. I really don't think I've ever had such a rude waitress. One of the many instances where she was rude was when she messed up my order. I politely asked about the missing cheese in my order of cheese fries. After she picked up the plate, my friend asked for his appetizer (she brought my order but hadn't taken his). She cut him off y sternly saying, "How about I fix his fries first before they get cold?!" Then walked away. When she brought them back, she said, "Next time you want cheese, tell me!" Our entire group was speechless.I have never had a worse experience at any restaurant in my life. I highly recommend you avoid the place.
4	The food offerings are above and beyond normal pub fair, more interesting than the typical burgers and fries and also deliciously made. I especially enjoyed the tomato soup made with goat cheese, the goat cheese fritters, and the butternut squash croquettes. They have many local quality beers on draft and the atmosphere is a cozy dark would expect and enjoy from a pub.
5	Best place in town to go grab a beer and have incredible food. The staff is incredible also. Need to go here more. Burger is out of this world
4	Nice Pub Food in Park Rd Plaza.  We came here for a after work going away function and it was good place to hang out with a dark Irish pub feel.  Place is bigger than it looks than when you first walk it. They had several seasonal beers on tap (this time Saranac Oktoberfest and some pumpkin) and the food was good. I got to sample the Chicken Fingers which looked to be hand breaded there.  Then I got a order of the Cod fish tacos.   The blackened seasoning was really good, but if you order it get it with a side of sweet potato fries.  It really compliments it.
1	Used to be my favorite! It has gotten worse and worse every time I have gone here over the years. This last experience takes the cake. I ordered a hamburger with no mustard, no mayo, and cheddar cheese. It came out with swiss cheese (not a big deal,) but it also had mustard and mayo. I let the server know, and I must note that I was not mean or rude about it at all. Mistakes happen.The burger came back moments later with cheddar cheese slapped on top of the swiss, and the mustard and mayo gone..... How does someone get mustard and mayo out of the nooks and crannies of a burger.....? By rinsing it with water, I presume. So the burger came back cold, slightly wet, cheddar cheese (not melted) on top of the old cheese. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. The server said nothing, even when he saw me not even take one bite. After approaching the manager, she took it off the bill. I am not saying that I need anything for free, but I did come there to eat, left hungrier than I arrived, and then STILL had to go through the chick-fil-a drive thru after paying $30 for 2 drinks and the meal of the other person at the table.Never again.
