4	Technique Restaurant at the Cordon Bleu Culinary Institute serves up 3 course meals for lunch for $10.  The meals served are up to par with other restaurants you would find that aren't student-run.  I had the French onion soup, the chicken salad, and the poached pear.  All were prepared excellently.  One thing to note is the restaurant will automatically add 15% gratuity to your total after you are finished with your meal.
4	we come here once every two months for date night.  the serivce is generally slow because these are students, but everyone is super nice and tries their best . luckily every issue we've had has been with confidence for the front of house stuff (speaking up, looking at you in the eyes) -- the food is always excellent  generally they don't always offer everything on the menu but it's generallty the cod or sole.   the filet is always fantastic.  desserts are yummy. really everything is good.  the price cannot be beat $15 for a 5 course meal.  don't expect to get a last minute reservation,  it's generally for a few weeks out.  we like this place and happily tell others about it every chance we get.
5	What in the hell is there not to like about this restaurant?  Listen, for $10, $10 measly dollars I could bum up from strangers outside of CVS within an hour, I can get a three course meal during lunch.  Instead of going to the movies, you can redirect that money and come to Technique and get shrimp risotto, halibut and chocolate mousse for dessert.  Or, if you would prefer, you can get a caprese salad with fried mozzarella, a sandwich with handcut fries and housemade mayonaise and a caramel creme dessert.I might complain about my food taking a bit too long in the kitchen, but "might" is a distinct impossibility and in a world where I would make such a complaint, gravity makes things fall up, cats drink purple and I'm a complete bastard.  It's time consuming, but it's inexpensive and the food that you get is legitimately delicious.
5	This place is a true hidden gem! We went there with my husband for dinner on a Friday night and couldn't be happier that we discovered it. A bottle of Chateau Saint Sulpice Bordeaux 2008 cost us $25, which is unheard of for a restaurant! Not to mention a 4 course meal for $15 (too much food for 1 person). The service was outstanding - you can tell how students were trying to impress their supervisor hehe. I'd recommend it without a doubt. The other nice thing is that it's on a 2nd floor with huge windows, overlooking scottsdale rd (not that it's a great scenery, just something different) - it gets romantic if you sit by the window.
5	Well, I must say I was more than Presently Surprised. My boyfriend and I went there tonight. First,  it was SOOO refreshing to be treated so well by James at the front of house. He was so welcoming and truly a veteran of real fine dining.  Our server was very kind as well. The atmosphere was white linens and not typical of what you would find in Arizona, I liked it. To the wine, we got a bottle of New Zealand sauvignon blanc that was only $23 there and it was a $20 bottle of wine retail. So there is not really much of a mark up at all.To the foods, $16 for a  3 course dinner. It was a fabulous meal and they are obviously doing a great job with their students, very delicious! It would have easily been 3x as much at any other non student run restaurant. I suggest this place to all of you. It really is a hidden gem! However, you do HAVE to have reservations... sometimes they are a few weeks out because they only do one seating a night. Thank you Le Cordon Bleu for having this restaurant, it was a real  treat!
3	I think this is a great idea!  I love the idea of it being upscale but affordable due to it being a school.  The service was good as the students are definitely trying their best.  I went on a night where the kitchen staff and floor staff had just switched too, so everyone was "new" at doing their job, and for the most part it was still good service. There were a few slow times though, but that's going to come with any school that is servicing the public.  The food was pretty good overall.  I'm not going to lie, I'm writing this review about 6 weeks after I was there, and while I remember it being good, nothing is specifically jumping out at me as something that was truly above and beyond amazing.  But it was definitely worth the price of the meal.  My only complaint is that the meal was listed cheaper online than it actually was for dinner.  I also believe the menu posted online was slightly different.
3	My friend and I decided to try Technique since Du Jour was booked.  I'm glad that I had an opportunity to try a new school.  I love that this culinary school restaurant actually looks like a restaurant.  Now for the food.  We started off with the bread.  Yum!  It was delicious.  Next came the appetizer.  My friend and I ordered the scallop with risotto.  I kind of with now that I had gone with the pork belly.  The scallop was perfectly cooked, but the risotto lacked some flavor. :-(  Then came my main course.  I ordered the chicken dish.  The chicken was so dry.  It was stuffed with something.  I can't remember. what it was supposed to be stuffed with, but when I looked at the chicken, the "stuffing" was the tiny little area in the chicken.  It had no flavor at all.   The whipped potatoes were fine.  I'm not sure why I got the chicken.  So not like me.  Next time I will get the steak.  I tasted my friends dish and it was great!  Now for the dessert.  That was the best part of the whole meal!  It was a ginger spice cake with a sour cream ice cream.  Delicious!The whole meal cost only $13 plus tax and tip.  I under stand that these are students the are still learning, so you might not have the perfect experience.  But I think that this place is worth a trying over and over again.  If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would.
5	What a great way to enjoy excellent food.  You must put this place on your must eat here list.  I really enjoyed the dinner service and so did everyone at my table.  Imagine great plating, excellent choices of protein, a starter, and a dessert.  This is what you will get here and on a shoestring budget.  At only $16 per person for dinner service this is an excellent value.  If you must spend more, bottles of wine, by the glass, cocktails, and beer can be had as well. I still am in shock at the bill, it was literally nothing for the 3 courses of food provided.  Bread is also part of the meal, which was quickly devoured by myself and my guests.  With 3 types of butter to sample and enough fresh bread just to get you excited for the meal to come.  I enjoyed the pork belly starter and also sampled the pizza starter by one of my guests.  Truly excellent pork belly and the pizza had fresh mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes. The tomatoes had a nice sweetness to them.  I would personally pick the pork belly again or try the scallops for a starter next time.  I assume the menu changes every month so get down there if you want to sample the same dishes. :)For the main course I chose the flat iron steak.  It was a  great dish and no steak knife was provided.  No worries, the butter knife provided cut the meat well with no effort.  Looking for a flavorful steak? Try it here, I was most impressed and yes I eat it rare plus.  I would never cook it rare plus at home, but I am always excited to try it at a restaurant.  Finally the dessert course.  We all were full at this point.  However we must not let the sour cream ice cream go to waste.  Yes the most delicious part of the desert, yes the hazelnut chocolate was rich and very good, but the ice cream was different.  That difference will bring us back.  We could eat the ice cream without anything else.If you did not know this it is a school and most likely you will get waiters, waitresses, and I assume even the chefs are students.  Not a bad idea and most likely the wait staff and chef is trying to do their best.   Also this is a nice restaurant and reminded me of typical fine dinning.  The only thing I will request for next time is a window seat.  It would be great to be by the huge glass windows at night during dinner.  Give them a call and set up a reservation.   Hope you have the opportunity to enjoy dinner here, cheers.
5	5 stars for sure 3 course lunch for under $20 bucks count me in only thing that was bad was it took too much time for our food to come out but that was totally my fault going their on a one hour lunch from work but definitely would suggest others give it a shot
