5	Mmmmm Baxters. If there was a fight between Heinz soup and Baxters soup, Baxters would totally kick Heinz ass. This shop/cafe has all the Baxters goodness that you need. Tourists love Baxters, well I reckon they do because I keep seeing these Baxters stores popping up and I assume it's for tourists. This shop has all the flavours of Baxters soup that you could ever need, as well as cheese, whiskey, sweets and other condiments. It has some touristy bits and pieces too.The cafe is great, and if I make the trip to Ocean Terminal (not often), then I usually eat here. The service is great and the view makes it even better. With a huge glass window you can look out over the water while enjoying a big bowl of soup and bread. Yum.
4	I grew up in a small town called Buckie, in the north east of Scotland. Not much happened there, but about 10 minutes down the road in a town called Fochabers, Baxters was born. The original village (because it is a village, there's no other way of describing it) was built here to celebrate all things Baxters. So when I saw the shop in Ocean Terminal, I had to pay it a visit!Baxters has got a good reputation for its soup and for celebrating everything Scottish. What most people don't know, is that up north it is famous for their Pancakes - they could make a grown man weep.  I was disappointed when I saw they didn't make them here, but it's a good shop nevertheless. This branch is more for condiments and soups than homebakes and lunches, so I felt a but let down in that respect, but Baxters produces such high quality stuff, it only took a tin of Cullen Skink to forgive.
5	I can honestly say that I think I'm one of Baxter's soups biggest ever fans and as I write this review I'm waiting for a tin of cock-a-leekie to heat up, the simple pleasures in life, eh? Tragic.This Baxter's shop doesn't just stock soup but also a whole range of oatcakes, pasta sauces, Scottish themed sweets, kitchen ware, chocolate and I even bought myself a sun screen stick and a miniature pear juice box - it was too cute. My friend also enjoyed browsing round Baxters and purchased a few packets of flavoured oatcakes and some tasty looking Japanese rice cakes too. It's brightly lit, very well organised store and the woman who served us was very friendly and bubbly too.
5	We all love a good tin of Cock-a-Leekie or Oxtail, and where better to get it than an official Baxter's outlet? This is the only such official store / cafe I've ever seen, and it acts as both a magnet and a shrine for tinned soup fans the world over.Being of significantly higher quality, but only marginally higher price, than other brands it shares shelf space with at  Tesco, Baxters soup is one of the Scotland's greatest exports, and a true industry standard. This store is more than deserving of a few of your well-earned pounds. I went for a nice tin of Scotch Broth the last time, It was lovely.
