1	Well I was staying at the LVH and this flyer was under my door. The price was cheap and they advertised if you purchased online you would get 20% off and free delivery. Well that is great but when you go to put your credit in into the site first its not secure and second your card wont go through. When I called to tell them this they tried to charge me 2 bucks to take a card. I explained it wasn't my fault and they waived it for me. The next night I tried again (I had also recommended it to our friends who also had this same issue) this time I called explained the issue and the guy WOULD not waive it. This is CLEARLY a scam to get you to call in to place the order so they can charge the fee. . The food is mediocre and the people are rude and scamy. I wouldnt recommend this place at all. VERY UNSATISFIED. Also I complained to the HOTEL. LVH said it is against there policy to have them on the property and that they would contact them. SO SCAMY!!!!  LVH doesnt allow deliveries.
2	For the location and price it seemed like a good idea. Food is very mediocre and service is terrible. What was supposed to be 15 minutes, ended up being a half hour. As we placed the order, the guy overcharged or got it wrong. Also, he was very rude. I highly advise using cash, as they use their computer for cards. Which seemed sketchy, as it is a website for the payment. The food was greasy, over cooked and mediocre. Pizza was decent, pastas and wings were over cooked.
2	Ordered from here on grubhub and it took almost two hours to get my food. I live about 5 minutes away. I eventually called and asked where my food was and the lady said the drivers on his way. Half an hour goes by and still no food so we called again. She said the same thing. When we did get our food it was okay... Not the best but not too bad. I'll never order from here again though because it's not worth the ridiculous wait time.
5	Right now I'm at the pizza joint right now, but man they do have great deals for the pizza and combos. Gotta say that it's good pizza and a great location so yea love the this joint, but Roma pizza is good so try it before you denied it
1	This place has to  be the master of subterfuge.  I ordered a Gyro sadwich and a hamburger online. The gyro sandwich is advertised for $6.99 but when I got there I had to pay $10.99. The cook over there told me that is because of the toppings.  I said nowhere on the menu it says there is an extra charge for toppings.  He said that's how the owner wants.  Then I asked for the fries and can of soda for the lunch special.  He said it does not apply online.This is the last time I will ever go there.  Buyers beware!
3	If I could give them an additional .5 star I would. Pretty decent pizza considering all the negative reviews. I usually judge a pizza by whether or not I finish the crust and this place's dough is prettyyy good (yes I ate the crust ). Sure the cheese and pepperoni are not the highest quality ingredients but that's a given; and you get what you pay for.... Mozzarella sticks were good and didn't arrive cold upon delivery A++ for that. Chicken wings were kind of small and a little over done and dry but still decent.
2	I'm pretty sure that I'll be avoiding this place in the future, which is annoying because it's right around the corner from my office.First off, their pizza is good.  Especially, when you consider that out of the dozens of stand-alone pizza shops in Las Vegas, not many of them are that impressive.  This place is.Second, their prices are decent.  We usually partake of the lunch special where you can get two slices of cheese pizza and a can of soda for $3.99.  I think that's a pretty great deal considering that the two slices are HUGE.However, their customer service is so bad, it's non-existent.  The first time my co-workers and I went to this place, at noon, to get lunch, the open sign was off and the doors were locked.  We waited about ten minutes and somebody finally pulled up and seemed annoyed that there were people waiting to be let in.  That annoyed me.  If they happen to get an order wrong (which happens far too often as their English isn't that great) they go to EXTREME lengths to convince the customer that it was their fault and not the other way around.All in all, I just don't think decent food is worth the fact that I leave pissed off each time I go here.  Once again, I'll pass on going back until they learn how to properly treat their customers.
5	Very good quality food and prices are very good the new owner certainly change things I certainly would recommend it to anybody
5	The pizza is great, definetly  great price and no delivery charge for my area, much better than Pizza Hut across the street will order again, I got a large pepperoni with mushroom. Yummy
4	Not sure why the bad reviews here...It's a small pizza joint conjoined to a mini mart. Not the worse scenario. The guy there taking the orders is nice, he takes the order, takes the money and is tells me how long it'll be. That's all I need, don't need to know how the wife and kids are doing, right?! They actually have a nice girl working there, in training, but she's doing all right.Pizza has always been good, as have the wings, fingers, fries et al.
1	Food was bad but the delivery was unbelieveable. It took forever and the driver had the audacity to tell me he didn't have change for my order. It cost $13 and I had $20. That's a little more than a fifty percent tip for terrible,  cold pizza and long wait time. Never again.
1	We ordered waited one hour pizza never came.  Called they said new guy snswered phone didnt know this location changed hours even though menu says 12m.  Dont order from here if you ever want to get your food.  Its a good chance they will take your  order and the food will never arrive.  How does the order taking call center not know the hours of all locations.
5	Just tried the 7.99 xlarge cheese pizza pick up special. It is very good with the perfect amount of cheese and sauce. The people working were nice too. I'll be back.
5	Ordered philly and wings. Good price. Delivered in 30mins., paid cash, no problems. Philly was delicious. Wings were juicy, better than wing stop old hard crusty dried up whatever they server.. Highly recommend!
3	We tried this place a few weeks ago and it was absolutely delicious! Then we ordered again tonight and it was a complete 180. While the pizza still tasted delicious it was about half the size of our first trip here (we ordered the exact same deal)... The chicken strips were so covered with sauce it was caked on and chunky, unlike the first time where they were lightly sauced and perfect. We also decided to put a second order in so we could have variety and they canceled it... Wish they wouldn't have seeing as how they decreased their pizza sizes apparently.... Such a shame, thought we'd found the perfect little pizza shop.
1	The worst order ever!!! Mozzarella sticks was too fat and burned..Deserts is frozen! Like ice tiramisu and ice bahlava..we used a microwave for refrozing..plus smoke smell from the box is last way for my bad mood:( I'm not enjoyed and I'm so sad..0 stars for you guys !!!!
1	Extremely horrible customer service. I asked for my hot sauce on the side for my chicken wings and when my food was delivered there was no sauce at all... So I called and the owner himself told me he had out the sauce in the bag that I'm a lair! WHAT?! Why would someone lie about some sauce like ate you really that cheap... their chicken wings were so tiny there was barely any meat on the bone and if there was it was crispy from the deep fryer... I will never order from there again. If I can put no stars I would cause it deserves none at all
