5	MacMedia's an independent Apple reseller and service center. I haven't handed a machine over to them for service yet, but my studio has. Every time I've gone in to pick up special orders or ask questions they've been extremely helpful, honest and friendly. They're athorized AppleCare providers so the next time I have any problems I'll be going to them.
5	My husband and I lived together for about 18 months before he threw my laptop in the trash and made me order an iMac.  Being in IT himself, he somehow didn't appreciate coming home every night to a bitch- fest about Windows.  Now I had virtually no issues with that iMac for 5 years, except a bad DVD drive.  I took it in to MacMedia under warranty and they had it back to me within a day or two, never a problem again.  When my husband dumped an entire cup of coffee on his one-year old PowerBook, we learned they are not magicians.  But they did offer to send it in to Apple, and were honest that it would be several hundred for Apple to look at it, and the likelihood it could be repaired was next to nothing.I've known for a while now I need a new computer (wipes tear away).  Five years is like 50 in computers apparently.  But once you go Mac, you never go back.  As my husband gets an employee discount with Apple, we were expecting to have to buy online or go to "that other store."  Nope, MacMedia came through.  I priced out my new system online, emailed the Apple quote to MacMedia, and Louis honored the same discount, no hassle, no fuss.    See you in a few years guys, I'm not letting my husband anywhere near my iMac with a drink in his hand.
1	Although the service was always friendly, I cannot recommend MacMedia. I've been there twice, and had a bad experience both times. The first was to get a battery replacement for an ipod. It cost somewhere in the range of sixty to eighty dollars (it's been a couple of years, so I don't quite remember exactly), and it didn't work. I thought, fine, maybe it's a one-time deal, so I tried them again recently.The tip of my earbud broke off in my new iTouch and I couldn't get it out. Apple wouldn't replace it since there wasn't a problem with the actual iTouch. When I went to Macmedia, they told me it would take three to five business days to fix. After two weeks and no calls, I called to ask how things were going. They told me they were shipped the wrong part, but that they would call as soon as it was fixed. Another couple of weeks went by, and nothing. This went on for almost seven weeks. During that time, I received one phone call from MacMedia to explain that it would take even more time. I'm not sure why. I gave them a few more days, and said if it wasn't fixed, I wanted my iTouch back with a full refund. These conversations were always polite. The people there are very nice. Anyway, I finally got my iTouch back, supposedly fixed. A day or two later when I was at the gym, I plugged in my earbuds, and it wasn't fixed. So I called and asked for a refund. They said fine. They gave me the refund ... except that when I checked my account online a few days later, there was no refund. It took several phone calls over the course of about a week to get it straightened out.I want to emphasis that they were always really nice. They seemed to be sincerely trying to give good service. But time and time again I was disappointed. I finally received my refund today, after several trips to the store and many phone calls. It is now two months since I originally brought in my ITouch.
5	If every Mac reseller were as awesome as MacMedia, Apple would never have had to enter the retail game themselves. I don't care what your platform preference is--these guys are the epitome of the independent computer store. The sales staff are friendly, no-pressure, and know their products inside and out. And they can walk you through a great variety of merchandise in-store for just about anything you'd want.The repair staff are equally great, and as members of a dying breed, can actually test and think instead of brainlessly following a flowchart. Even better yet, your diagnostic fees are applied to your repair costs--so unless you opt out of a repair, diagnosis is free.If you're looking for a Mac or need yours fixed and don't want to swim upstream through the spawning hipster-salmon at an Apple Store, MacMedia is the place to go.
5	I needed a new hard drive installed in a MacBook Pro. Took my hard drive and MBP into MacMedia in Scottsdale and 90 minutes later got a call that the computer was ready for pickup. Super fast, super friendly service. While I was waiting to picked up the computer another person came in with a stuck iPod problem and they fixed it for him on the spot no charge (in truth an easy fix, all the iPod needed was a reset) but I was impressed with how quickly they helped this customer with his simple problem.I would not hesitate to shop at or use MacMedia again. Locally owned and operated and a great place to do business.
5	If you work on a MAC all day OR have never seen one, these guy have you covered! I wouldn't take my computer or buy a new one ANYWHERE else. Best shops in the valley!!!
5	Well... MacMedia is as good as it gets... It is the only place that I go to when I need help or anything to do with my computers, storage or requests.. They are the BEST..Very helpful and very patient with all my questions.. I have been using them for many years.. I always recommend them to anyone that asks about computer stores... or people needing questions answered.. I would not take my computer needs any place but to MacMedia... They are simply the best (did I already say that??)... Great group of people too!!! Really know there stuff.... Would highly recommend them...
5	Love doing business with MacMedia, Inc!Great, fast, friendly service.  Louis and staff are a pleasure to work with when trying to find the best devices to suit our business needs.  We trust their opinions and expertise explicitly.  Thank you guys for such a great store and great people!  ~Dan & Cindy Cairo, AnneMarie Hernandez, and Elite Financial Network
5	MacMedia is simply the best! I purchase all of my apple products from them as they have the best customer service with knowledgable and helpful employees. Their laser etchings are truly works of art! Go to MacMedia, you won't be disappointed!
5	I have bought many of my mac products from Mac-Media, I don't think i've purchased from an Apple store in at least 6 yrs. I always get prompt, VIP treatment and have sent many, many friends there, who also continue to use Mac-Media as their go to place!There always on it if I have any issues or needs for my computer or any tech needs.Louis and his staff are top notch and to me, the best in the biz! You won't be disappointed.
5	MacMedia is my first stop before the Apple Store.  Their repair turnaround is  usually half that of the local Apple stores.  They were also able to replace the glass on my phone at half the cost that the Apple "Genius" quoted.The on-site support is where MacMedia leaves Apple in the dust.  Apple doesn't even offer this!  How are you going to troubleshoot a networked printer issue in an Apple store?  Bring in your entire network over your shoulder?  Seriously amazing service where Apple falls short.Time is the only thing I can't get back, this is why I visit MacMedia before wasting a day in the Apple Store!
5	Macmedia is awesome, I love coming here. Jesse always fixes my problems! They have good prices too.
5	My poor iPhone 4s screen shattered. It was devastating. And embarrassing! The apple store actually recommended MacMedia when I asked for alternatives to their expensive solutions. The guys at MacMedia are super nice and easy to talk to. They really know what they're doing. The whole procedure took about an hour and a half. Luckily it's in a great part of town so I just wandered off in search of entertainment. And even when I came back and it wasn't finished, there's a couch you can hang out on. It cost $135 to replace the glass and I bought an awesome new case at $35. Not too bad and now I can show off my phone with pride! Oh happy day!
4	They fixed my cracked iPhone screen for the 4th time. I wish they offered a frequent shopper card... At least I didn't have to get a refurbished phone from apple. It's nice to not have to reload all my info!
5	Thanks to Jake my MacBook Pro is "like new".  They backed up my hard drive prior to the Apple store replacing the logic board & optic drive.  When Apple put my info back into the computer it was pretty much a mess. None of the folders were where they were supposed to be, addresses were gone, photos wouldn't open, you name it, it wasn't right.  After 3 trips to Apple Genius Bar I went back to MacMedia and said "Help!!"  Took it in at noon on one day and had it back the next day around 3PM - fixed perfectly, everything in place just as it had been & better.  Jake answered my "lay person" questions w/ patience and understanding and educated me in the process.  Many thanks!! for a great job.
5	Big ups to jake!!!! I will never trust another with any of my Mac products. He took the time to explain what was wrong and even offered cost-effective solutions to meet my needs. Not to mention the staff are super friendly and pretty fun to around! Check this place out!
5	Truly the best Apple service anywhere.. These guys are extremely knowledgeable, professional, and personable. After realizing how much I love Apple products and how much I DETEST going into the Apple store, I searched the web and found this place. It is my go-to spot for any small questions, HD failures, Time Machine help, etc.. Every time I have had them work on my lap top I either got it back the same day or the next day.
5	This place is the tits! I had my iPhone for all of 2 weeks before the universe decided the face was lookin all too unbroken. I was hiking Camelback when my phone slipped out of my camelpack. On the way back from the hike I yelped iphone screen repair and landed on this place. I think the guys name was Jake... but I handed him my phone, asked him how much it would be and if he could have it done by 2:00pm when I had to be at work. It was about 12:45pm when I walked in the door. He quoted me at 100$$ bones + tax, and told me to come back at 1:30pm. I went home showered, got ready and on the way to work I stopped back to pick up my phone. I walked in at 1:35 and I had what looked like a brand new phone screen. Hats off and thanks again.
5	Way way better than the Apple store. I spent 2 hours at the apple store and they couldn't help me, all they did was wipe phone phone, told me I needed to buy a new one.  Since I am from Canada I wouldn't buy one here.  I went to  Mac Media and in 20 minutes they had my original phone back to normal!!!  Great shop, saved me money and quick.
5	Here's what you should know before reading my inaugural review:   1)  I've shattered my iphone six times since October.  2)  Nobody comes to me for advice about anything, not ever.  3)  I doubt anyone's still reading this after 1 & 2, but if you are, maybe when you're done you should consider the Life Coach review section?  I only say this because you're getting input from someone who just pulled her phone out of a tube sock/cushioned carrying cradle and handed it to a guy who then peeled through the two layers of scotch tape that was wrapped around and holding it together like a mummy so it could get repaired for a sixth time.  But I'm not judging.  This review has been long overdue (I was trying to come up with something funny but then realized that was a waste of time because I've broken my phone six times since October...and so my life was already a punch line).  But all I really want to say is that MACMEDIA IS BETTER THAN RAINBOWS AND CHEESE AND TORTOISES COMBINED!  And people like me need to know about them.  The first two places I tried left me phoneless for over 24 and then 30 hours while they did the repairs (and I probably spent most of that time on WebMD diagnosing myself with whatever diseases I could have possibly caught just from being inside their sketchy stores).  Both were expensive, time consuming, and my phone smelled like bandaids afterwards (well just after the second place).  Ugh.  But then I stumbled on MacMedia!  And have been going to them ever since (so, repairs three through six/December through today).  This is why I will not go anywhere else: 1) Jake.  He's the best!  Think of if Mr. Miyagi and Dumbledore and Deepak Chopra all had a love child together...Jake is that!  But a lot cuter.  He's like Deepak because he never makes me feel like the moron that I am for showing my face there month after month. He's much more of a "'we' broke 'our' phone again" type of a guy.  (If only he was a "help chip in money to get 'our' phone fixed the next time 'we' drop it" kind of a guy...) He's like Mr. Miyagi because Mr. Miyagi's a master of Kung-Fu, and Jake is a master of fixing my phone in under 30 minutes when I do Kung-Fu on it. So that one's clear.  And I don't know Dumbledore, but I asked my coworker "Who's the most wizardly of all the wizards?  Why is not important." and that's the name I got.  2) This place is located in old town on a pretty neat little street that I, in my 28 years (fine, in 30 years) growing up here, had never been down before.  And I know this is not a yelpable feature, but I feel like I don't need to take a shower whenever I leave the store.  (Well maybe a cold shower...if-ya-know-what-I'm-say-in!  Kidding.  I don't even know what I'm saying.)  But honestly, it just feels airy and breezy and clean.  Much difference than my prior experiences. So even though I'm never waiting, it wouldn't be terrible if I am stuck waiting for some a-hole ahead of me who's asking stupid questions.   3)  The last time I went in with my broken screen, they removed it and revealed...another screen!  Unbroken. (That's what I'm telling you...it's wizard stuff, people!)  I forgot they applied it to the phone on "our" fifth repair job...the protective screen was still in the testing phase. I can't tell if I passed or failed the test.  Nor can I for the life of me figure out why they would sell me a way to solve my problem for just $35 each time instead of the $100+ they were making up until now, but they are. 4) Usually when I talk about anything electronic-related, it's like watching Helen Keller and Stephen Hawkings trying to have a conversation.  But they can always figure out what I'm trying to say, sans translator. Unless they just nod their heads and act agreeable.  Either way I leave feeling like I know what just happened.  That is all for now.Thanks Jake and the other dude!  I'll definitely be back...
5	Got in god out, but not without a few laughs and shared stories! I worked with Blair, and he was phenomenal! Quick and speedy work, gave me the best price I could receive and I was there only for about 20 minutes.5/5 would return again if anything else breaks!
4	Really helpful people. They still have a passion for Mac products. Their repair service takes only a fraction of the time it takes Apple when they don't have parts in store.  I recommend taking your repairs to them before booking an appointment at the Genius Bar.
5	So it was finally time to upgrade to an iPHONE 5S, and I heard that Apple was taking in old iPHONES and would give Apple gift cards in exchange. The only problem was that my old iphone had a huge crack in the back glass. I checked my trusty Yelp, and quickly saw that MacMedia was highly rated, and looked great.I took my phone in, and spoke with Jake. Jake was super helpful and said he could replace the back glass for $30. I also asked him about the ear speaker, which was clogged up due to an unfortanate Sushi accident. (Don't ask)Jake said he would take a look at it while he replaced the glass. In no time at all Jake brought me my phone from the back, and the new glass looked better than the original! Jake was also kind enough to clean out the speaker and it looked great. Awesome service and great deal.I took my newly repaired phone to Apple, and whereas I would have gotten nothing for the cracked screen iphone, I now earned a $101 Apple card! (Keep this in mind if your screen is cracked, as a small investment will more than pay for itself)Thanks Jake and MacMedia, you guys are legit, and will be my first and only choices for any Apple Emergency Room visits.
4	On the road and need a Mac fix?  And I mean fix or fixed...  Nice people, smart people, know their machines.  Prices for repair and recovery are competitive despite the location.   My go-to Mac repair and last-minute-need-a-cable-or-adapter-store.
5	If I could give fifteen stars I would! After a night of drunken fun, I dropped my phone and it landed on the corner and cracked. Then two weeks later I managed to drop it again and welllll, it got even worse and was impossible to text without thinking I was going to get glass shards in my fingers. Yelped this place! Found Jake! He  made my phone look like new. This place is a god send. 100 bucks for a new screen and 20 for the seriously needed screen protector and you're out of there in an hour!
5	My husband's iphone 5 screen shattered and he went to Cellaris to have it fixed. They did a HORRIBLE job. He couldn't hear the other person on the end. They had to google a solution. I called MacMedia and they instilled confidence in me of their ability in one phone call. I brought the phone there to undo everything Cellaris did and fix it right and they were awesome. The guys were friendly and super knowledgeable. Great experience.
5	Went into MacMedia after having some trouble with a new hard-drive in my girlfriend's Mac Book Pro. Jake was quick to greet us as soon as we walked through the door and immediatley began asking questions to assess the problem I was having. He helped me to install an OS on the laptop and I walked out the door with a perfectly functioning Mac Book Pro, and a much happier girlfriend. I will ONLY go to MacMedia from here on out with any future Apple product service needs.Great store! Excellent service! Very well educated staff!Thanks again to Jake and MacMedia for all your help!!!
5	brought in Mac Pro that was acting up intermittently. they ran a quick diagnostic test and uploaded an update for my particular model that addresses video play/screen hiccups. we couldn't duplicate the problem. no charge. instead of a costly service, a free patch with advice to keep an eye out/see how it works. am appreciative.
5	Great service and fast results! I dropped my iPhone 4S and cracked the screen, my iCare plan was expired so the apple store couldn't help me but for just $99 and an hour of my time they did a great job fixing my screen. I would highly recommend this place!
5	I was having a problem with my Imac and connecting via ethernet. I live near Apple Stores. They have an electronic circus type atmosphere. The people you speak with at the Genius Bar aren't necessarily the people who work on your equipment. All that is missing is their Mickey Mouse ears. Then I discovered MacMedia, a seriously run efficient business offering equipment and service, both carry in or on site. What a pleasure to do business with. They are approved by Apple and honor Apple Care. I can't say enough good things about dealing with this Company.
5	If you ever have problems with your Apple computer, don't bother to go to the Apple store in the mall. Go straight to MacMedia! The mall stores can't retrieve your data. They'll give you a list of local places that can -- and tell you it's probably hopeless and expensive. Don't believe them! MacMedia retrieved all my data after my hard drive failed, and it wasn't expensive at all. Then they installed a new hard drive, put all my data back on my computer exactly the way it was, and set up a Time Machine drive for me so I won't lose my stuff if something even worse happens to my computer. They do the repairs right there in their store. The people are nice, you don't need an appointment, and they have a wide variety of accessories for Mac and Apple products.
5	The absolute nicest, most patient staff!  Reasonable prices and all of the help you need. They will put you at ease as you hand over your beloved computer... They will probably call you same day with a check in as to what the initial diagnostic is. They even called us once just a few hours later to say that they wanted to be honest, and that they couldn't get to my order that day... I was so happy to hear from them but told them I was fine with the 4 day quote time ! It was nice of them to care about exceeding any initial service expectations! Although I hope I never have another problem with my computer ... I will still return for tech products they have.  Chargers, covers, cables, keyboards, office bags etc.
4	I was a dinosaur with an original ipad for kids movies with a majorly cracked screen....they helped me here to troubleshoot my issue and walk away for less then a screen repair to purchase a reconstructed og ipad that had twice the memory and serves my needs well, thank you!  I appreciate that they gave me several options to choose from~
2	Great assortment of accessories. Really nice store. Up front people are pleasant. Very high $ service.  I found the service people really hostile when I asked questions and tried to fill them in on the history of the problem - they don't want to hear it - they already know it all! (Not!). Just pay the money and let them do whatever they do, and if your computer still doesn't work after you empty your checkbook to them - tough! (Mine didn't - neither did my friend's who sent me to them - go figure).
4	I bought a refurbished laptop here and have been very satisfied with the customer service since. Everyone who's helped me has been friendly, patient and thorough.I wish they were open later during the week or on Sundays(the Peoria location is).
5	Excellent service. Very helpful when diagnosing my Mac and a really nice store! They got my Mac fixed really quick, price was reasonable ,and their Fish tank is really relaxing.
