1	A crying shame... the other Flo's restaurants are really impressive. However, in truncating the menu and making it quick and airport-friendly, they did away with everything good about their other restaurants. Just a bad bad move. I have to agree with Mysterious Q, I'd hit up a Panda Express first... and I've driven half-an-hour (and would again) for Flo's other restaurants.
4	I disagree with the previous punters! They're from Berkeley and SF, and comparing an Airport quickie meal to authentic Chinese in the Bay Area? Get real! Compare this to your other choices at Sky Harbor for asian food!For airport quick food, I think Flo's Shanghai Cafe is a good choice, considering it is about the only Asian flavors in PHX. Yes, it isn't up to Flo's in North Scottsdale, which is a great and better choice than Panda and even PF Chang's! Number one, at least this is made (well, somewhat) to order, unlike the buffet at Panda's. There are no fancy food pictures, just a lot of red lanterns and a sign listing the menu options: Noodles and Rice (chow meins and fried rice dishes $6.95 to $7.95), Appetizers ( Pot stickers, Spring Rolls, Crab Puffs, Fried Wontons, Lettuce Cups, Chicken salad, soups, and Shanghai Bao, which are pork balls batter covered and deep fried (you get 4). All of these are $3.25 - $7.95. Then there are Rice bowls, i.e. Broccoli Beef, Mongolian Beef, Teriyaki, Cashew, Sweet and Sour, Orange, Kung Pow, Garlic (all chickens) fro $7.95 to $8.95.I ordered the Shanghai Baos and Mongolian Beef . The beef was real steak slices, not that overcooked brittle things of Panda's 'Beijing Beef", and it was covered in sauce and green onions over rice. They have soy and red chili on the tables, not only in packets that you have to beg for at P.E. They also have Arizona Ice Teas and Yeo's Soymilk, try finding that at P.E.! I do wish that they had Asian bottled Green and Oolong teas, but this is Phoenix, who is going to drink that?Of course this is meant to be an airport restaurant for quicker meals, so don't expect Hong Kong quality! Hell, there are only a handful of authentic asian restaurants (of any cuisine) in the Valley of the Sun, where there are maybe 5 Million people living, and less that 1% Asian?Get a grip. I support Flo's because I really liked her Scottsdale location (the old one before she moved across the street) because beside better than PF Changs food and prices and her smiling attentiveness, she had real Serigraphs of Chinese Yunan (now Beverly Hills retired) artist Jiang (which made me like the place immediately, as I like him and own a Serigraph myself of his..."Running Horses"). PS - the help are Mandarin speaking Chinese, too! Try finding two of those in any PF Changs!PPS - Flo's is located in Terminal 4 (Southwest, US AIr) in the shopping mall upstairs, closer to the B and C gates, across from Oaxaca.
2	They shouldn't be proud to call themselves Asian cuisine...really.The food's a far cry from anything remotely Asian and I include Panda Express and fast food Chinese chains into this equation.  I should've known better by the food displays, but I didn't think what I was ordering was on display.I ordered the garlic chicken w/white rice.  GRILLED slices of white meat chicken on top of some rice w/a bland, gross 'teriyaki' sauce on top.  The meat had no flavor, the teriyaki tasted like nothing at all.. it was a bowl of different textured tasteless solids for $8.  Resembling Flame Broiler but nowhere near the taste of it.  The decor in the restaurant was really nice and attractive, I give them an extra star for that.. but to be honest, if they had that much money to burn on decor, they could've used it to provide better quality food..
2	I have to agree with some of the other comments here.  The Sky Harbor location is NOTHING like the other locations and not even good for airport food.  Flo's food at her Scottsdale locations is outstanding and always consistent.  Lucky for me, I live close enough to the FLW location to stop on my way to the airport for a quick meal -- which I have.  What gives, Flo?
2	Asian airport food - what more could you expect. I wish I ate at Paradise Bakery & Cafe next door.
1	I love Flos and I can eat here few times a week. well I was picking up somebody at the airport and it was around lunch time, so i figure I will have my dose of Flo's. Wow what a disappointment. The food was AWFUL, i could not even eat and I will never go there again, I got Rice with the Mongolian beef with Broccoli, "Ye-ks". Flo, PLEASE close this place down because this is not a good representation of your hard work. Dont waste your money on this location. I will go to Flos on FLW and Thompson Peak any day. I love it.
3	The funny name of the restaurant was what drew me to it, it's Shabbat and I didn't want to spend money but I had to get something in my stomach, so I opted for their vegetable fried rice. The lunch entrees on the menu were fairly expensive, fried rice alone was $6.95 plus $2 for a soda, but it is an airport. Well the woman there brought out chicken fried rice and I told her it was wrong, got my veggie fried rice and sat down. Big bowl, with ???'s in it, and fried rice with onion and sprouts, and some deep fried rangoons of sorts, mmm some of the best fried rice I've ever had! I am guessing the chicken fried rice would have been even better.. Plus they have wifi
2	Man! I was excited to see Flo's as an option while waiting for a flight recently. Sadly, it was no better than a Panda Express would've been. $11 and a rice bowl later, I was left wishing I stopped someplace else.
2	NOT one of the better dining options in T4 at Sky Harbor.  The noodle dishes are flavorless, and the dumplings are deep fried and oily.  Portion sizes are large, but it's more or less irrelevant since you likely won't be wanting to clean your plate.  Two stars since the pricing isn't too bad for an airport restaurant.
4	Generous portions and proper proportions of oil and salt in the beef chow mein make this quickie Chinese place good.  Although they do try to pass off deep fried gyoza (which are good by the way) as pot stickers, not quite the same.  Don't listen to the haters.  They are expecting a genuine Chinese restaurant from some San Francisco alley or something, which Flo's isn't trying to say that it is.
