4	Are they still called Malibu Cleaners or the $2.25 Cleaners?  It is hard to know, but regardless of their name, they are a darn good cleaners.  Conveniently located next to Checker/O'Reilly Auto Parts in the shopping center at 40th and Thunderbird.  They are right across the street from Fry's Food and Drugs, and next to Einstein's Bagels (sort of -- Jamba Juice is in between).  They do a good job, offer excellent service, and are fast (especially if you need same day service -- in by 11 a.m.)  The only negative is the length of the line when you are dropping off/picking up early a.m. or late p.m.  Other than that, the price is fair and the service good.  Tip:  they won't do big items like comforters or press pleats.  For that, try Pat's Cleaners at Tatum and Greenway (next to Albertsons).
4	Don't look for a sign for Malibu...just look for $2.25 Cleaners. It's right next to the Jamba Juice.They are affordable and really quick. Had my stuff in at 11 and it was ready by 4 even though they were pretty busy! Can't really complain about that!
5	Excellent service. Even though the guy working out front is a lil youngin, he thoroughly explained their services and prices (which are very affordable) they offer fast service, did a good job on my clothes, and I even got a phone call thanking me for trying their service and gave me a coupon to use for next time. Now that's customer service ya'all! Only drawback is that I was hoping the do alterations which they dont, but they did recommend a nearby place that could help me. I found my new dry cleaners!
4	I have to say, much respect to this place for turning down my clothes! Let me explain...I had a dress and top that both had some leather detail that desperately needed some loving in the dry cleaning department. After seeking Yelp for advice, I decided to check this place out (which is now called $2.55 Cleaners).The customer area is pretty small, about three steps deep after walking through the door, but there were three employee taking and/or returning clothes so the turn around is quick and you don't really have a chance for your claustrophobia to kick in. The first employee to help me, took a quick look at my items with a puzzled face, and said something to a second employee that I couldn't hear, but her response was "check the label". The first employee followed the advice, checked the label, and responded, "dry clean only". I immediately felt relief because I was starting to feel like a weirdo that brought a strange animal to the cleaners. The second employee came over, felt the leather, looked at the label again, felt the leather and then said I should bring these items to a "Full Service" dry cleaners because they had more setting options to allow the fabric to be cleaned without damaging the leather. She also informed me that if I were just to let them clean the items the leather *might* get dried out and cracked. I thanked both the employees for not taking advantage of my naiveness, as well as educating me on the art of dry cleaning and learning why they only charge $2.55. The both laughed and employee #2 suggested a full service cleaners for me a little way down the street.I will definitely be back when I have the appropriate clothes that need some lovin'!
5	I've only ever received fantastic service from Malibu Cleaners. First and foremost, I love their hours of operation. Forgive me, but I tend to get very frustrated when other dry cleaners are open 8:00am to 5:00pm and expect me to come drop off/pick up on my lunch hour. The 7:00am to 7:00pm hours offer me plenty of time to conveniently drop off my items before work and pick up after work on the same day at no extra charge! The staff are always very welcoming, and you certainly can't beat this price. (One desperate evening on my drive home from work, I took my clothes elsewhere and paid $7 per item!)
3	The location is very convenient, the prices are great, the customer service is good, and they usually have your clothes back to you in less than 24 hours. Unfortunately, I've decided to go somewhere else because I had a pair of slacks ripped and a button torn off by Malibu.
5	For 15 years I'vd been a customer of malibu cleaners.  The best in Dry Cleaning and wished they were in the state I'm moving too!  Price, Quality, Service-3 in 1 with 5 star rating.   Thanks Kim and Terri, Paul, Tyler, Brenda, Hurim, and anyone else I missed;  and all the amigas in the back.  I will miss this place:  a lot!!!!!!
4	Professional service and good price
4	Loyal customer for many years.  I love this place, although the chemical smell is overwhelming like most dry cleaners.  I like to get in and out of there.  Pricing is great and I never have any issues.
5	I have used this cleaner for years. The price is fair and the service is fast. I had a gourment ripped one time and they paid for it. Honest people.
4	Affordable & they do a great job!  Also like that I get a bit of a discount when I check-in.
4	This place has been here forever and does a great job.  their prices are more reasonable than anyone else in the area and the staff has always been polite and professional.   I highly recommend it
4	I wear custom tailored suits and shirts daily; consequently, I see the staff at Malibu more than some family and friends.  5 Star Hours:  they're open from 7am to 7pm during the week.  Can't tell you how many times I've been there at open for a suit or shirt that was the perfect style/color for the day.  I procrastinate and Malibu has saved my toosh dozens of times with their early hours.5 Star Service/Price:  the staff is friendly and the young gentleman working at the front is very pleasant. The prices are great considering the added value of their hours etc.  They have replaced buttons missing without being asked and more.4 Star Cleaning:  they can do same day, launder and dry clean my shirts well, but they lose a star for their pressing of lapels on my suits.  They can do a better job on that.  If your office or home is within a couple miles of Malibu - there should be no other place to trust your garments.
