3	Fairly clean, bit slow service, but free refills and free WiFi - the latter a $12 value!
5	This is the best Mickey D's I have ever frequented! They have tables with flowers! The food looks perfect, like it's straight out of the commercial. Plus, I got coffee & a waitress actually walked around the place refilling peoples coffee, like a diner. Wholly sugar balls! That's classy.
3	3 stars for hot n spicy McChickens.
3	3 stars for the hot and spicy mcchicken and free wifi.-Service sucked.-Dining area was filthy.-The guy moping the floor didnt know how to ring out a mop right.They have a number on receipts for customers so they know which order they are. The guy calling out customer's orders wasnt even calling out numbers he was saying the items on a customers order. The people waiting right next to me were confused because some of them also ordered the same thing I did. Most of the staff looked like they didnt really give a damn about their job. I wouldnt give a damn neither if I was working at a McDonalds at 3am in the morning.
1	They tried to steal money from me!  Coming right from an ATM, all I had was $20 bills. I ordered $8.90 worth of food and the casheer gave me $1.10 back. He claimed that I gave him $10. When I said no, he made a loud fuss, had someone come by and said that the manager was going to count the drawer and see if there was extra money. After about 15 minutes, someone came back and said that the drawer had the right amount of money in it. I said I wanted to speak to the manager and they said ok. The manager never came out, but a large black man (that had been talking previously to the cashier) told me about a story where someone made a "big deal out of nothing and one person went crazy on that person". I assumed that he was talking about me and my missing $10, so I asked him what he was here for and if he was going to buy anything. After another 15 minutes, the came out and told me that they had recounted and realized that they were $10 over. They then gave me my money. The cashier made a condescending remark to me and I left. I believe his name was Lorenzo.
4	Up in early AM, and need a quick bite? I frequented this McD's for the $1 breakfast menu (gotta save the $ for gambling!) and there's always a ton of people since it's open 24 hours. Ride the escalator up and although there's a lot of people, it's organized and food comes out shortly after you order. Satisfied my morning cravings as always.
4	McDonalds is McDonalds.. Great meal on the strip for a great price. Escalator didn't work so we weren't able to bring our luggage. But good for what you get. Plus really fresh cold water!
2	The food is good however the service is not the best... Be VERY specific and talk slow when you order. Seriously. I ordered a mcdouble with cheese and mayo only. And got a slice of cheese with mayonnaise no meat. :/ other than that food is good cheap fast and convenient. Especially if you work nearby!
3	I strongly recommend only eating here if your hotel is close enough for you to take the food back there to eat it. It's ridiculously loud inside, and the patio tables outside are covered with pigeon droppings (didn't stop anyone from eating out there, which blew my mind) Service and food is standard McD's of course, but consider it to-go only.
3	Being Vegas and all restaurants assuming you just hit the mega-millions jackpot, it's nice to see some lower priced food ON the Strip. There's definitely better food out there, but in a bind, not so bad. It was over 100 degrees today so I came in for a cone. Again, not a terrible place to take a load off... but I'd suggest hanging out in a shopping area (i.e. the Forum or Palazzo Shoppes) if you'd like to just sit to wait for someone. This McDonald's can get quite busy and crowded.With that said, it's what you would expect. Fast food. Nothing special about this particular location.
1	OMG never had such a shitty burger ( bbq ranch burger) threw up in my mouth: always have loved mcdonalds 4-5 stars but have to review that shit (literally would probably eat shit) than eat the bbq ranch burger!
3	You would think that McDonald's on the Vegas strip would know what their customers want at 3AM in the morning. Unfortunately they do not. For some reason this McDonald's did not have a late night menu. They switch to a breakfast only menu way to early in the night!
3	It's a very unique and very conveniently located McDonald's. Almost seems as it is part of the same building as Harrah's. Although they are really open 24/7, their entire menu is not available at all times. In my opinion and I love their breakfast most of all, they switch way too early in the morning. A few nights it was 4:00 a.m. on other nights by 3:30 a.m they had already switched to breakfast. During weekdays you will have no problem finding a table for yourself and your family. On the weekends, however, good luck. There is seating upstairs, downstairs and outside. Still was difficult to find a table for just myself on the weekend. Primarily in the morning. Other than the cool arch, it's your typical McDonald's. If this location isn't close to your hotel, fret not my dear friend on a budget, there is literally a McDonald's everywhere on The Strip.
1	Make sure to double check your order! I didn't get any sauce with my McNuggets even though it was on the receipt.  I only realized it after I got back to my hotel room.Also, they didn't ask if I wanted pie. They are supposed to ask you; otherwise  you are entitled to a free one.  I didn't want to cause trouble, but it's obvious that the customer service is lacking when people stop by from the clubs.
2	This review is only for the strawberry milkshake. We stumbled into this mcdonalds because the girlfriend had a sudden craving for Mickey d strawberry milkshake. When we got it, the presentation was ok, but the taste....there was a terrible artificial taste to it, almost as if it was made with 90% stevia and 10% milk. 2 stars, since the shake itself looked (misleadingly) decent.
1	Horrible service... Wait for food is 20 min. I know it's just McDonalds but this is crazy. If they actually had to compete for business they would fail...
2	The food was pretty average. The place was rather dimly lit. The establishment itself wasn't very clean. The floors were sticky, especially near the soda machines.Not sure what else to say, except I guess at wee hours of the night, it's a familiar place to go.
1	I can't believe the nasty and ghetto things occurring at this store.  Wear gloves!! I wouldn't recommend you walk away from this micky D's
3	Quick place to grab a cheap bite to eat no matter what time of day it is. The lines can get pretty long so bring your patience. The staff has always been friendly and with all the customers they see in a day that's amazing. They also have free wifi which is nice because all the surrounding Caesar's properties charge for it.
1	Worst McDonald's I've ever went!!!! So the line wasn't very long when I was there with my cousin. We saw that the cash register was broken and we understood that it will take longer. The thing that I didn't like was that there where around 15 employees there and only one took care of the orders and she had to write the orders by hand...poor girl! I felt really bad for her, everybody was just watching her and her co-workers didn't help! Management is poor there! The line got really long and people got upset, too! I ordered mc nuggets and then they forgot my sauce, too! I'm definitely not coming back here!!
2	Long lines, rude service and prices that are "adjusted" for tourists. Come on Mcdonalds! You can do better than this lame excuse. If you want to get ripped off go to this Mcdonalds.. otherwise there are better options near the strip
