3	They did a great job on my nails but the air was suffocating.   Someone needs to install a fan!  It isn't healthy and I can't go back there because of it.
1	The staff is friendly but unfortunately they did not do an overall good job. The nail polish was done poorly. I feel like I could've done a better job myself. I told them it had to be redone and they literally touched it up and removed some of the polish they had left on my skin the first go around. I wouldn't go back.
4	Have been going here for months. I get pedicures and acrylic nail with gel. They do a great job and are very friendly. Pay cash and they give you a little price break. I also have a friend of mine who goes here for pedicures regularly. Very pleased!
1	I used to really like this place but the last time I was there, I got exposed to some sort of nail fungus. They've gotten lazy with sanitation.  My favorite technician, Rose, is also gone, but the good news is she relocated to Kim's nails.....just down the street near Copps.  Much cleaner salon and Rose did a great job on my nails.
5	This place is a perfect example of why it's not a good idea to judge a book by its cover.  I can't remember how I ended up at this location but I know that if I were to go based off the reviews I wouldn't have stepped foot in this place.  However, I did, and I'm glad that I did.  The location of this place is a bit strange as it doesn't have a street facing entrance.  Instead it is tucked into a plaza that opens up into a into a small oddly shaped parking lot.  On the inside, the space is really small and it looks kind of old.  But those are my basic gripes about the place because everything else is pretty freaking great.  I have been here four times now and each time I've been, I have been seen by four different people; I will however that Hwa is the best!  After each visit I have left completely impressed by the quality of service and application by the staff.  I have finally begrudgingly gotten used to the pricing of these services and this place is in line with the pricing of other nail salons in the city.  The nail technicians take their time to ensure that you are happy with the color of the nail polish, shape of your nail, and application of the polish.  After every step, I was surprised by how genuinely concerned each  technician was with ensuring that I was happy with the process thus far.  I have been to many nail salons in this city; some in nicer locations with pricier service options. TC Nails however is the best around.  The service is fantastic and worth the time if you're in the area.
5	I first found this place a couple of years ago while snow-birding in the area. Back then I did the gel manicure & was amazed at how beautiful it turned out every time. Since then I have switched to the pink & white acrylics, and the quality of work is still amazing. This is definitely my Wisco nail salon, but be sure to make an appointment- it's a busy place (which is a fantastic sign of the work they do).
5	TC was able to fit me in last minute for my shellac manicure for my wedding because my normal salon canceled on me the day before my appointment. My friends go here for all their nail services so I knew I was in good hands. Liz did my shellac manicure and she did the best job ever. She is also so nice and really cares what you want. And checks with you throughout the process of your happy with what she's done. She is very personable. I'm so happy I had TC Nails do my nails for me wedding. Thank you Liz!
