5	Just had my first appointment with Ambush. Not only did Aaron do a thorough spraying inside and out, he took the time to get rid of all the cobwebs around the house, and gave me advice on how to trim my trees in order to avoid scorpion, spider and other bug-related problems. Overall very knowledgeable & affordable. Customer service that went above and beyond this picky customer. Highly recommend.
5	I have had ambush pest control for several years and always been satisfied;  Last night I came home from work and had an ant infestation in my garage and front yard.  I called and left a message for someone to contact me and by 7.30 a.m. today I received a call that someone would be there in 1/2 hour.  He arrived within 15 minutes and took care of the problem.  NOW THAT IS GREAT SERVICE.  Thank you.
5	I was stood up by another pest control company today so I called City of Henderson and was referred to another couple of businesses for Bee removal. I called Ambush. They had someone out within 2 hours to look at the bee problem. I had thousands of bees coming out of a little hole on the side of the garage. The man that came out advised they could have a tech out by within 2 hours. The tech was out earlier than expected. The tech Dean Rodgers was great. He was very knowledgeable of Bees and answered all  my questions. He was safe in how he got the bees(he wore a bee suit, thank goodness) and explained my options on bee removal. We decided to take the concervative approach and smoke, gas out the bees instead of removing the entire inside wall. He checked the inside of the wall a couple feet up on the inside by removing some electrical hardware. I was amazed the bees were so far up the wall. These are African Bees and not honey bees so my main concern was getting rid of them by killing them, not necessarily removing their hive. Once he smoked the bees, they used a silicone type material to fill the hole. Im hoping that this solved our problem. He explained the bees could be around for up to a week as the scout bees could come back. Dean provided his business card. He was so friendly and I really trusted his knowledge. Overall, what could have been an extremely stressful situation was taken care of with grace by Dean. I really hope to have no follow up issues, but if I do I know I can call this company and the issue will be taken care of. Great job.
5	Prices are competitive with local companies.  I have been using this company for a year now - my regular person is "Dean" - he returns calls right away, is prompt and friendly.  Unfortunately living in a the desert many critters find their way into homes & since using this company my critters are practically extinct! I would recommend this company and if you can - ask for Dean to be the service rep.
4	We've been using Ambush for close to a year now and I gotta say I can't imagine a company being much better than them when it comes to pest control. They'll spray wherever you ask them too. We pay $27 a month. That's their standard fee. We hardly ever have bugs inside anymore and we're always finding dead roaches and other bugs outside. I just recommend cleaning the areas you want done like the garage and the backyard. They spray a barrier that bugs will cross and then die. They're at least worth a try.
5	Not only the best pest control but also arguably the best service we have gotten from anyone for anything in a long while.  Randy does the work for us and is awesome.  Shows up as needed when needed.  Great attitude.  Great results in a tough situation.  Would highly recommend.
