4	This is a tough one to categorize.They have your basic coffee and similar bevs and some breakfast items, and they have other more lunch-able stuff like sandwiches for the mid-day.  And then they have a wine bar that also serves beer and food and they sometimes have musical entertainment at night.There are three things that are most noteworthy, though:1. Personality2. Atmosphere3. PersonalityA big comfy couch by the fireplace on the wine bar side, another room on the coffee side with some comfortable chairs, a "dining room" area with more normal chairs and tables, some outdoor seating, some basic tables and chairs on the wine bar side... you can pretty much sit anywhere you want or need to and enjoy a piece of your day.Cave Creek itself is a quaint little area just far enough North of Phoenix to be out of the way and calm without being a major headache to get to.  When I lived very near the 51-101 interchange it was a quick drive up there and pretty much worthwhile.I like Starbucks and Peet's and all that, but it's places like this that remind you what a coffee shop hangout could be sometimes (one that serves alcohol, too).
5	Sometimes referred to as C4, this is an excellent place to come hang out day or night.  I happen to be enjoying the comfortable oversized leather couch as I type at this very moment.  I'm on the coffee house side but the wine bar is a nice contrast - My BF and I spent one of our fist dates on that side and after a few glasses and a nice buzz, we found ourselves out front making out!Free Wi-FI can be hard to find, so props to C4 for that alone... cool music, artwork, and a warm cozy atmosphere all add to my loving it here!  I have yet to experience the live entertainment, but the outdoor area is a really cool venue and I will be back!  It's worth the commute up north to get out of strip mall hell and experience C4.  Thank you, C4, for free Wi-Fi and a great cup of coffee on this Sunday afternoon - I'll be back soon for sure!
3	It's a local favorite for people who live in the Cave Creek area. The building is split into two venues.  One side is the coffee side.  It opens for those who need an early coffee and maybe a pastry.  They also offer a simple menu of oatmeal, egg/bacon or sausage or what they call their "Big Ass" Burrito.  They also have a "Small Ass" Burrito if you're not that hungry.  The coffee is their own and  is roasted on the premises.  I love the smell of it when I drive through the town.  Their coffee offerings are equal to what you would find at Starbuck's but they also have some items unique to them.  Their "Mocaffe" (Mexican spiced hot chocolate) is one of my faves.The wine side is open for lunch/dinner time.  The menus are small, and most items would be considered appetizers.  However, the menu is unique enough that you feel like you are getting a little something special. It's always fun to make a meal of apps. Good sandwiches too. They also do a decent pizza.Monday nights, they offer a $5 price on many of their wines.  It's a good time to try some labels that maybe you aren't used to.The free WI-FI is a definite plus.  The ambiance is wonderful, overstuffed chairs, art and entertainment in the evening.  I think you'll be pleased.
5	Good food, great wine, nice atmosphere .. fun times!I love the big ass burro & coffee for breakfast on the weekends & the music & wine in the evenings.
4	Whenever I venture out to Cave Creek I feel like I'm entering an entirely different world. Sitting on the front patio with a good cup of coffee, it isn't even necessary to bring a book or a friend with all the local gossip in the air.  There's never a shortage of retired cowboys and bikers supplying entertainment. Cave Creek Coffee Company is a rare find. The interior is cozy, with many over-sized leather chairs and couches in the front room and back. Some background music would make the atmosphere perfect. I've never eaten at the wine bar, but I've been through there during dinner time and there was so much energy in the room. I could tell people were really enjoying themselves. If you have a chance to see a show here, Do IT!! Last December I saw John Corbett (of Northern Exposure, Serendipity & Sex and the City fame) here and it was so great! They've got some small bleacher seating, tables and in the winter time a fire pit going. It's a rather intimate setting. I'd be at C4 all the time if it wasn't 15 miles from my house. :)
5	This is one of our favorites! Ate here yesterday and great as always! Nestled in the heart of "old west", artistic Cave Creek, don't let the name Cave Creek Coffee Company fool you!While they do have a great coffee bar, we go for the great menu (try a pizza or the fabulous mango chicken salad), vast wine selection (dozens of wines by the bottle and glass, as well as wine tasting evenings) and the atmosphere (a more formal but comfy dining area near the wine bar and a funky shabby-chic arty seating area just beyond the coffe bar where you can grab a table or sit with friends on oversized couches) that also has live entertainment and small concerts out back. You won't be disappointed by the friendly service and laid back atmosphere! Can't find parking? Drive through the parking lot to the side / back of the resturant.
5	C4=Cave Creek Coffee Company & Wine Bar1/2 coffee shop + 1/2 wine bar = haven.The one and only totally relaxed coffee spot in the valley.Dogs are welcome on the front porch. No star*ucks addicts allowed. Only 'come as you are' coffee drinkers.Light food for Breakfast, lunch, snacks and dinner.Nice mix of people at every hour. Good basic food including salads, sandwichs and cheese plates.  Live music and concerts- check website
3	Coffee and Wine Bar? Yes please and thank you! I came in for a simple coffee and bagel one morning and found loads of seating, a refreshingly unpretentious coffee shop with interesting fliers and of course, a wine bar. If only AM wine drinking were socially acceptable...Prices were comparable to any other coffee place and there are multiple rooms to lounge in. While I was sipping away my cousin told me they are a new location for local produce pick up which is really neat, and their wine tasting class schedule makes me wish I lived closer. Apparently all the cool kids go here - just one more reason to see and be scene at the CCCC.
4	Had a great dinner here tonight with the fam. The service was very slow to start but the server warmed up when my gf started talking about a winery she'd visited in Hawaii that he'd also visited.Every time we go I wonder why we don't go more. Half the place is very casual and the other half (which has a rockin wine bar) is really nice. They have these great oversized couches, a fireplace and a small music venue. Tonight they had a guitarist and Wednesday nights are $5 wines 4p-6:30p. We had the 5 cheese plate (you choose 5 cheeses from a list) accompanied by dried fruits and lavosh crackers, the green chili pork stew (delightfully spicey with chunks of potatoes, tomatoes, red onion, and just the right amount of cilantro), the C4 Signature salad (mixed greens with pulled chicken, mangoes, avocadoes and an amazing habanero raspberry dressing), and.lots.of.wine.lots.Nice but not at all stuffy and tons of great wines by the bottle and glass (and a great selection of beers for non-wine drinkers). Had a great night, highly recommended :D
4	Good coffee for AZ, but a bit expensive compared to Seattle. I enjoyed the Big Ass burrito with bacon quite a bit.
4	Great little place in cave creek, which has alot of beer joints, but since I luv my wine, I luv ending up here.  (sorry, this review not based on their coffee - never had it!).  I agree with other rvw: whenever i visit, i wonder why it's been so long since i've been back!  I always wonder why I haven't bee to one of their outdoor concerts either, (my bad).
4	This is a great place - a diamond in the rough & the best place is they are also a venue for live music.We had dinner and it was really good - and the cheese plate was great! Le Martini was super yummy and the price wasn't that bad - $8 glass.
5	Just an update.  New owners took this place over about a year and a half ago.  It is better than ever.  They constantly have great entertainment and the food is always fresh and has a little different twist.  The wait staff always gives a friendly "your in our home and we adore you" vibe that makes for a huge faithful following.  Best Coffee haunt in Cave Creek!
1	Why did did i come back here?  a 40 min drive north for what?!  with 200 fantastic places near me, i certainly do NOT have to drive to be treated like a LEPER by a snotty, uppity, arogant server!When we walked into the bar area, the entire bar was empty.  For seating, there were 2 tables: 1 person seated at a table, 2 at the other.  The girl behind the bar acted frenzied, hurried, and like she wsa serving 37 people.  NO TIME FOR US - who were NOT LOCALS !  was the crisp and very clear message.The CRAP wine by the glass advertised on the chalk board was enough to send me running out the door: $5/glass for what is sold for the bottle retail (gnarly head, voga, 3 rivers - KAK!).I went over to the wine rack, and she said the Long Meadow Cab was on sale, instead of $60, she offered it for $45.  Since I had not had it previously, i was hesitant.  But I spotted a 1/2 bottle, so (i thought) i was in luck!!  I asked her how much (thinking it would be HALF of the full bottle - like $22?!?!)   NOT!  She said it was also the same price ?!  W T H ?!  are you kidding me?Husband walked out, i followed.... (especially after seeing her treat another 2 walk in's in a deplorable way - no reason to treat people like they are beneath you - EVER!)
4	I've been here for brunch or a glass of wine on numerous occasions and always have a pleasant experience. This time was no exception. I hosted 25 members of my wine group, VinVillage-Phoneix, here as the first stop on a wine bar crawl. They were expecting us, and I arrived a few minutes early to make sure tables were reserved, etc. I ordered a glass of champagne, and since they were out of the Gloria Ferrer, the substituted a nicer Mumm...extra points for that. The group arrived and began ordering wine and food. Heather, the lone waitress, kept her cool as everyone asked for separate checks. She really did an awesome job keeping things moving from the kitchen to the dining room and keeping our glasses filled. (She also had several other customers at the bar and in the middle room by the breakfast counter.) I heard quite a few positive comments about the thin-crusted pizza. One gentleman's roast beef panini looked scrumptious. I got the "garbage" salad, with ham, chicken, Parmesan, avocado, olives, etc. over a variety of leafy greens. Maybe not the most appetizing mixture to look at, but it tasted so good I ate every last bite. Klinker Brick Zin seemed to be the favorite wine here. One couple was elated that they had their favorite hard-to-find blend, and so ordered a bottle of it to share. Still have not been to a concert here in the back, but have caught an acoustic guitar player occasionally. Nice atmosphere, very laid back.
3	Review is for the coffee shop side, not the bar which was not open yet.  Friendly service, coffee was flavorful and quite hot, and there was ample seating on either side of the place.  Parking was thin but there were few patrons anyway, so it wasn't much of an issue.  I would easily stop in here on future visits up to Cave Creek.
2	My wife got a bannana mocha and she really didnt like it but she did finish it over the 5 hour drive home.
5	Best coffee I have ever had!  Very good breakfast and sandwiches
4	First time up to Cave Creek today, and I swung by this place to meet some biker friends and grab some breakfast.Really friendly people, really good joe, REALLY good Big Ass and Half Ass burritos. Chorizo and avocado, homemade salsa. If I were Homer, I'd be drowning in a puddle of my own saliva right now. They roast their own coffee, and the house dark was fantastic. Did I mention the people are friendly? Not just the people that work there--while I was sitting on the front porch, enjoying the mountain views, and eating my grub, no fewer that a dozen random people walking by said hello. A few of them said "have a safe ride" and so on. I practically want to move to Cave Creek just based on two hours sitting there.Easy stop on Cave Creek road if you're passing through. Yum... I might just be back tomorrow for another burrito.
4	Love the place and the atmosphere, the iced coffee is great and so is the food. They also let me hang my art up on the back walls...thx guys :)
4	I actually have grown to love this little place. Their coffee is good; their breakfast burritos are absolute heaven. Made with provolone cheese, these burritos have a more mellow and sophisticated taste than the average breakfast burrito you'll find drowned in yellow cheese.You can get a Big Ass Burrito, or a Half Ass Burrito. Personally, I don't like to do anything "half-assed", so I opt for the Big Ass Burrito that, although adds circumference to MY big ass, is soooo worth it in the morning when you want a laid back spot to enjoy your meal and coffee (go for the iced).They also have an art exhibit /sale right now for the month of September with awesome aviation pictures printed on canvas. Amazing art to enjoy as you sip your coffee.
3	I like the atmosphere~ had a great smoked salmon sandwich.  Ordered a 'cold press' coffee and was served a regular brewed coffee which had been iced.  Although I was clear about the process in which a cold brew is made, it is not what I was given.  Oh well . . .
5	I used to come here on a more regular basis when I moved out here 5 years ago and was living a lot closer to this place.  But, since I live 30+ miles away from it now, its a bit of a drive for me to get up here for coffee.I've always loved this place...intimate, real, and an all around awesome place.  Its part coffee, part wine, part food and has an awesome ambiance. I came here today because I wanted to get out of the house and do something different with my Saturday afternoon...so I trecked the 30 miles and enjoyed my afternoon in Cave Creek and had a mocha here.  I also picked up a pound of coffee while I was at it for my mom since her birthday was coming up.  Plenty of comfy seating, inside and out, along with internet as well.This place is such a gem, nothing else like it.  You can come here morning noon or night and really enjoy what the offer....weather its coffee to start your day, dinner or some evening drinks.  Love this place!I will say, the only downside to this place is the parking....Its limited, so if the place is busy, good luck figuring out where the heck to park!  Other then that, its fine....I hate sucky parking!
3	The have some of the best breakfast burritos I have ever had, and it is a moderate "attitude" place for Cave Creek.  The best of it is the people watching.  If you come up on Saturday, then you can watch the dudes ride their 60K$ motorcycles up, have a coffee, bs their friends, and then head back home, their ride of the week done.  Or you can watch the carefully made up matrons of Carefree become appalled at the same.Definitely worth going to if you find yourself in Cave Creek in need of caffeine.
4	C4 is now one of my favorite places to go when I visit my parents in Scottsdale.  If you're looking for an afternoon and evening's worth of entertainment, I'd highly recommend going on a hike through the Jewell of the Creek Preserve at sunset then head over to the Cave Creek Coffee Co. for wine tasting, good food and live music. The preserve parking lot is only a mile or two from C4---practically a hop, skip, and a jump. I'm not too keen on Scottsdale as a whole. It seems like one big, brown, flat corporate strip mall for retirees and plastic surgeons, which is why I was so excited to find someplace with a bit of heart and originality... C4.The morning coffee and burritos are good, but I'm a proponent of the evening scene... live music from great musicians almost every night, relaxing ambiance, good food, and wine. The woman behind the wine bar was attentive, but not too attentive----the mark of an experienced waiter/bartender. She happily engaged in chatter, but left us alone when we wanted to talk amongst our party. I had an amazing sandwich and wine pairing the last time I went... I would give the meal experience 6 stars:First, a glass of Menage a Trois red, which is a fantastic blend of three "saucy" grapes: zinfindel, cabernet, and merlot. Second, I ordered one of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've ever had. I can't remember the name on the menu, but it had roasted portobello mushroom, fresh mozzarella, tomato slices, fresh spinach, and pesto toasted on garlic bread. I've had similar sandwiches at home and other restaurants, but none come close to touching C4's. The sandwich comes with tasty kettle style potato and vegetable chips and a good ole pickle. My father is a firm believer that it isn't a meal unless it has meat, I'm hoping to convince him otherwise after a little mozza-porto sandwich force feeding.
5	Yummy coffee, and fun at night, in the wine bar. The daytime food isn't bad either.
5	Had a couple lattes here and breakfast one morning.  Breakfast burrito was one of the best I've had and the fruit and yogurt parfait was wonderful!  Comfy seating and friendly, local atmosphere.  Definitely recommend if you find yourself in Cave Creek.
5	One of the reason we fell in love with CAve Creek, was C4.  Great atmosphere, good place to sit on the porch and watch the world go by.  Live music most nights of the week, bigger concerts in the back in the Spring and fall.  Coffee, wine, beer, come in the morning and leave after dinner.
5	Um. YAY!  Picture a girl hanging with her lovely on a Monday afternoon after what could be politely described as a terrible week before, looking to soothe her spirit with some lovely food and atmosphere [the company was already delightful...]. I saw a piece in the local rag about C4 and since we're already in Moon Valley I say 'how 'bout it'. Jeff agrees and we're off - We arrived just before 4 - closing time and the bartender/waitperson was reeeeally nice. She told us we had only a few minutes to order because the kitchen would be closing and that the pizza oven was already off. No worries, we remain unfazed. We sat at a high top next to the bar, there were a few other people at tables nearby, some drinking coffee and one couple enjoying the bruschetta and some wine on a leather sofa by the large fireplace. The room hits just the right notes for me, warm and inviting, nice art but not overpowering - its a place I could hang out in. We both had a nice glass [generous pour] of a Voga Pinot Gris and a sandwich. I had smoked salmon, Jeff had roast beef. The smoked salmon was a generous portion with capers, cuke and tomato and a what seemed to be a seasoned mayo [not goat cheese as the online menu suggests but a nice and savory compliment just the same] on a toasted baguette. Roast beef was similar in scale, lots of meat with melted cheddar, greens also on a toasted baguette. Each was served with a side of chips and a pickle. It may have been me or just the mood I was in but I really felt relaxed there and in spite of the fact that we closed the place for the afternoon, we didn't feel rushed or in the way. It was just a nice, shoulder dropping, ahhhh experience. Not the spa, but just what the doctor ordered. Serious yay, total digdom. We wanted to plant a place just like it of our own on the beach in Maui...its nice to dream...Totally worth the trip; we will be back
4	Excellent service. Thankyou Denise!Food was excellent...the two of us shared the C4 salad and a custom and pizza with a cappuccino and a latte.  Everything was very good and the portions big!
4	Love C4....It's the best!!  Great Vibe, great wine selection, impressive selection of beer, and if your'e like me (prefer a martini over wine) they make a good martini too!!  I find the menu to be a nice compliment to the wine.  How can go on with out mentioning the coffee... "Cowboy beans rock!!" The owner's really work hard to create an upscale environment while not losing that good ole' "Cave Creek welcome home feeling" everyone loves so much. They've made recent improvements to the ambiance, and it's my opinion that they have just about perfected it!  I am so excited for their future success!The Concerts in "The Camp" are a real treat, you will be amazed at the amount of talent that exists in the world! concerts in the "Camp" are worth the drive for sure.  These nights are great date nights, even if you've never heard of the artist, go anyway... you will be surprised at how cool and interactive, this small venue can be.I reserve the fifth star for service.  I find that the service has been inconsistent in the past, but I'm hopeful that with the recent changes, the service will improve.  It is easy to forgive a server for a bad night as long as they serve with a friendly heart.I will update this post after a few visits.  I am hoping to give C4 5 stars!
4	C4 has great vibe and good drinks and food. We ate breakfast and lunch there during our travels. I enjoyed the breakfast burrito and we split a delicious muffin. My wife enjoyed her coffee very much. C4 salad and bruschetta sampler gets 5 stars. Excellent value for the neighborhood. Very sorry we missed a concert. Venue would be great place to enjoy a few cold drinks and some live music. Check out C4 on travels through Cave Creek.
4	I finally went to C4 the other day for lunch and was pleasantly surprised - they redecorated and the place looks a thousand times better than the first time I popped my head in and quickly retreated to my car.   The servers were attentive, nice, and knowledgable about the menu.   The turkey sandwich I ordered was a little "light" on the turkey - the bread was huge and the turkey just got lost.  My daughter had a salad that looked really good.  I was eye-balling the breakfast (the french toast, in particular) - so, I will definitely go back and order some breakfast (served until 4pm every day!).  My iced Chai tea was delicious - I'm not a coffee drinker, but the tea was excellent.  My daughter had a mango smoothie - I think they just blended up a whole mango - it was awesome!  The parking stinks, but other than that, I would recommend this little secret gem to anyone heading to Cave Creek!
2	Good coffee, good service from friendly staff, pleasant ambience. However, the breakfast burritos are currently under review due to Chef changes. Management assure me things will improve - Time will tell and if they do, I will amend this review to reflect that.  I generally ride up (motorcycle) as it is a good hangout to chat with other bike owners and look at the bike porn early of a weekend morn.
4	Great ambiance, good food.  My husband and I had the Southwest Benedict and Eggs Benedict, both were delicious.  I do wish the eggs were a bit more runny and the food was warmer, but the presentation was beautiful.
5	This is a phenomenal little bistro, cafe, coffee house, wine bar and live entertainment venue.  Usually when I see that many things together I know that they do a lot - but none of it really well.  That's what makes C4 different - THEY DO IT ALL WELL!!!The C4 business model seems to take the time of day and mold their business to fit what the customer needs.  Early morning coffee?  They have it.  Breakfast?  Got that too.  Lunch?  Yep.  Afternoon latte?  There they are again with the right answer.  Light evening meal with wine? Bingo.In addition to the fantastic food and beverage selections, they have awesome entertainment, local art, books, magazines and things to read.  It really is like the super cool family room you always wanted and a damn impressive place to bring friends or a date.Yes...  It is a bit of a drive for most of the valley.  BUT!  If you plan a day out this way and you want to see Cave Creek / Carefree, I can guarantee that at least you will have a good place to eat and drink between shopping for kitchy knick knacks and heading out to the lake.
2	I don't know what was going on this Saturday but the food has taken a turn for the worse at C4. There was a Horse charity event taking place at the stage out the back but this was no excuse for the food we received there last night. This place has always been a favorite spot in Cave Creek but doubt we will go there again now on last nights performance. It was very quiet also and I don't know if this is a reflection of the food or what. The service was very good.
3	I've been going to the cozy haunt of C4 since 2001.  The food is excellent, the prices are rich and it's a great place to loiter.  But, most unfortunately, they cannot make a decent espresso.  Really.  I drink the stuff straight and it's often bitter and only sometimes has a decent head on it.  Not up to Starbucks -- and this is something I really don't wish to write out loud because I'm mostly against promoting ANYTHING that is big, global and corporate.  I've never made espresso at home but I gather it's not an easy thing to get right.  The also-fun Fire Creek Coffee down the road from C4 also can't get it right.  Too bad.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places. They have the best Chai I have ever tasted. Their Chai is nice and creamy and delicious hot or iced. Much better than Starbucks! C4 has a cozy environment with places to dine or comfy couches to lounge on. The patio is a favorite for locals to sit and chat. Food- I have only tried their breakfast. It is tasty and served with a smile. Their pastries are top notch and the burrito is to die for! I drive out of my way 20 minutes to get there and it's worth it!!
5	Cave Creek Coffee Company (aka C4) is screaming and I mean screaming with character. All it takes is a brief drive-by to notice the eclectic vibe from the outside and it's no different once you step inside. I absolutely love this coffee shop and I wish I lived closer so I could become a regular here. The description says it's 1/2 coffee shop, 1/2 wine bar but it's so much more. To describe it in more detail, once you walk in, you are welcomed by a humble counter with menus and some pastries begging to be eaten. The staff is friendly and they make everything to order. Seat-yourself seating is all around you and ranges from tables for two, to tables for 10 and even couches and ottomans. It would be easy for me to get lost in translation and find myself still there hours later. Now as if all that isn't enough, just wait until you walk outside to the patio. When they say they have live music, they mean seriously live music with a stage, bleachers and plenty of additional seating. I will be coming back soon to experience a live concert because I could tell it would be fun. I will call this next paragraph "Delicious:"So I've described the excellent vibe but now let me move on to the coffee and food which is just as (if not more) important. Delicious. Absolutely delicious. I enjoyed a white chocolate peppermint latte which was as delectable as it sounds. It was the perfect combination of peppermint and chocolate with non-fat milky foam: truly perfect for a blustery fall day in the desert. For my meal, I ordered the delicious mozzarella sandwich and added turkey. It melted in my mouth and was so huge I was able to take half home with me. However, I will try to erase this tasty sandwich from my memory for I heard that they are replacing it with a new menu item soon. Tear. :( But, the menu is hearty and they even offer delicious breakfast options. If I could, I would make this a daily visit and I would bring my computer here and work for an entire day. They have free wi-fi and it just feels like home (or home to a funky friend of yours with eclectic style). This is a must-visit if you are in Cave Creek. At least stop in for a seasonl coffee!
5	All I have had is the Mocha Latte and it was delicious.  I could sit there and look at the art for hours.  Now that I know about them, thank you Ashley L., I might try breakfast or lunch there some time.
4	READ THE UPDATE AT THE END OF THIS POST!Four of us went to C4 for breakfast on Saturday. My wife and her friends have been there for breakfast several times on weekdays, so it was strange the server's only excuse for what you are about to read was "We've just started the new breakfast menu recently, so we're still working it out." My wife says they have been serving this very menu for about a month, so it is hard to understand how a place that apparently has their act together for lunch and dinner can't manage a decent breakfast service.My wife and I ordered a burrito, pancakes and red potato home fries to share. The server said they were out of reds, but the chef could still slice up some white potatoes and make some home fries. As for pancakes, they "had made some earlier, but they were bad", so no pancakes for us. The home fries were half-cooked, with no browning whatsoever, totally unacceptable.One of our guests ordered a traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, home fries and apple juice. They were out of apple juice. The bacon was limp and soft and the home fries were half-cooked, like ours.Our other guest ordered the chiliquiles and was the only one of us happy with the breakfast. One out of four is not good enough! I have never been to any restaurant that serves breakfast, but does not have the most common items (listed on their menu), such as home fries, pancakes or the juice the server offered. What a shame - 50 bucks for a bad start to a good day. Somebody needs to do do a better job of ordering and prepping.UPDATE: The apology I have received from the owner since my first post is all it takes for me to accept that this was a rare incident, probably just "one of those days". Since my wife had not previously had a problem on any of her previous visits, she was quite embarrassed when she finally convinced me to give the place a try and then something like this happens. Mistakes happen and good restaurants correct them. I now think it fair to post the rating my wife would give them based on her past experience, and that would be 4 star.
4	We have dropped by 2 days in a row for hot drinks and pastry. An eclectic looking place with wifi as an added bonus, which my husband greatly appreciates.Their Americano...8 oz which i always like with 2 shots was pretty decent yesterday, though they were cleaned out of pastry except scones (which were okay)  Today I requested tea but a not too sweet variety and tried a chai spiced latte, which was delightful. Muffins and cookies are baked in house.It seems a pretty popular spot and one we would return to again.
5	We did date night with wine and cheeses and snacks and all kinds of goodies here the other night.  It was FANTASTIC!.  You can get cheap wine and you can get the expensive stuff but it is all GOOD stuff.Live music was good too.  The audience was very eclectic.  Some look like they just rode in from 1874 and some looked like they were metro sophisticates.  I guarantee you will fit in if you go.This is a great little place to go and spend a romantic evening.  You'll get mucho brownie points with out losing any macho status.
2	We have been going to C4 for almost 5 years on a fairly regular basis.  The big draw for us has been on Friday nights to see Bill Dutcher (by the way he is a five star rating!!).  We are huge fans of his.This was such a fantastic find for us (even the 20+ mile drive one way).  It has been such a fun laid back environment with a funky Cave Creek feel to it and great servers, staff and managers.  We were on a first name basis with everyone and always felt welcome and taken great care of by the staff.  The music on Friday nights is amazing and we have attended several concerts in the "camp" that have been awesome!By far this was our favorite place to go and start our weekend off on a great note!Fast forward to the present and perhaps a year or more back........Now owner, new manager and every time we go in, new staff that doesn't have a clue as to what they are doing.  Not that they haven't tried, but they sure don't last long.  The decor has totally changed to a more "upscale" ambiance and it has taken away from the old feel and relaxing venue we had grown to love.  No more list of entertainment on the chalk board or camp venues.  No more familiar staff faces, only the somber face of the manager who rarely smiles and never speaks or visits with customers.  What's up with him anyway?  We have been seeing him there since he started and he has NEVER spoken to us or acknowledged our presence.  He needs to retake customer service 101.  And we are a very friendly couple!!Last night my martini I ordered (from another new bartender) was delivered only 3/4 full!!  I did complain to the staff who both of them commented they noticed that too and saw it was wrong but still served it anyway.  They did bring out another one that was much better prepared and served full.  Come on, for $11 for a Ketel One dirty martini, I don't think that is too much to expect or ask for.  Not like it is a foo-foo martini!The menu has changed since our last visit one month ago and of course the prices have gone up about $2 per item.  Our favorite bruschetta (brie, cranberry, pastachio) is no longer even being offered and when we inquired about it were told by new waitress that several other people last night were complaining about the absence.  We asked her to inquire again (squeaky wheel) to the chef and she returned and said he refuses to make it or bring it back.  They also don't offer the bruschetta special five for $10 anymore.  So we ordered an order of tomatoe that had two pathetic bread slices heaped with some sort of weird greens that was not enough.  Scratch those off our like list.  The Mediterrainen Lavosh that is our favorite is now $2 more expensive and was not near the quality or quantity we have been used to.  It was still good but not great.Overall it was a most disappointing experience and we were not happy with the service, quality and dining experience.  About a year ago, when all of the changes started and the old was replaced with the new.....we commented that the only reason to go there on a Friday night was to see Bill Dutcher play.  That is even more true now!!  It has become a stuffy, snobbish place with poor service and food.  We even have thought about replacing our cherished C4 with a different venue that Bill plays at, rather than have to be treated like we were last night!!  We miss the C4 Cave Creek charm which has been replaced.......Oh, those were the good old days! Todd,I went up to the bar last night and asked for the owner.  I was told the person I thought was the owner was the manager, not the owner.  We have been coming to C4 for many years and I don't believe we have ever seen you or met you!My complaints regarding last night are very honest and valid.  I hope you can take constructive comments and learn from them and try to improve your operation.  This was in no way an attack on you and Rose (who we have no idea who that is as well) and trying to run a small business.  We can totally understand how hard that is especially in this economy.  We have talked to other regulars who have also noticed the change and the lack of good customer service.  There has been a huge change in staff, management, etc in the past year or more and it has not gone unnoticed.  I appreciate your comment s and hope you will address some of the issues you are facing.  I would have been happy to discuss this with you in person and DID ask for you last night.  The manager was behind the bar and overheard my complaint about the pour of the martini, as he told them to not charge for it.  The manager never approached us.  No one tried to connect me with an owner or give me any information as to who to contact, or I would have done so.You have been having turnover for the past year.  We usually come up twice a month and very rarely do we see the same people and last night we didn't recognize anyone!I did not accuse you of being stuffy......only the atmosphere that is now present at C4.
5	There is something about porches and coffee, the places of characters and caffine and C4 is no exception. High on my list of world's best coffee house and I have certainly frequented a few.The conversations are always flavorful as the coffee and on occasion, just as dark.An absolute must stop if you are in the hood, say hi to laurie and the crew for me.I will return,Thanks.
3	parking can be a pain here. Food is decent, coffee is great. Very comfortable and friendly, easy to waste a couple hours in the cafe reading, and they don't mind. The back patio for weekend use is the best thing about this place.
1	Between 2005 and 2010 I've been in C4 several times....for breakfast, coffee, happy hours and dinner parties!  But I moved to CA in 2010 and when I decided to take a large party of friends there for a dinner last week I was completely shocked to find that the servers were so young and inexperienced that they had no idea about the wine list, their attention to our party was sub-par and as I looked around at other tables, they were experiencing the same thing.  I would have moved my entire party to another location but it would have been too much work at that point and time of the night.Finally I had to go to the bar and beg our server to give us better service.  I had people in from out of town and they were starting to ask why I had selected this venue, as it was anything but "high-end" and fabulous!Just a couple hot tips.....put a bartendar in place so that the servers don't have to make their own drinks.  Train the staff on the wine list and about wine in gerenal.  If there are two people out for the night and the staff is not sufficient, owners/management must step up.....a weekend night is not the time to let service go.I hate to say this, but C4 won't be on my list for dinner again.  I may grab a coffee there if I'm in the area because that can't be screwed up and the folks behind the coffee bar know what they are doing.C'mon guys.....you used to be soooo great!!!
5	It's not as good as it gets- it's better!  We  threw a little party for a friend at C4 and the preparation right down to the finish could not have been improved upon. "Chuck" made certain that both the food and wine selection were appropriate for the time, situation and budget. "W" made sure the food was delicious, and our server "Jake" was friendly and very accommodating all the way around. Yes- think of this as a great place for a cozy cup of coffee but definitely think of it for a great lunch/dinner or get together with a group of friends-any age. "W" even brought out one of his new creations for us to try on the house "Chicken Osso Buco"-  I will be back for that!  Thank you for a wonderful experience....from all of us who were there.
4	We go there for the "big ASS" burrito...so good!  Along with a latte...and its a good morning!
2	Ok strike 2. We decided to go back to c4 after a 2 month absence due to  poor service.  Popular place so we definitely wanted to give them another chance. Well this morning the dining room door was locked not sure if they are serving in the dining area any more so we went to the cafe area.   It was crowded (a good sign)?  After nearly 5 minutes in line I saw a woman and her child leave as the place was under staffed and the wait went on and on.    With no end near we decided to bail and give c4 a strike 2. It's unfortunate as the food has always been good but someone get chef Ramsay to come in and give them the 101 on service. We will wait a few months before trying again.  I'd much rather go to Harold's or Red Truck Cafe in the interm.
5	Hands down best pastrami sandwich in the world.  TRUST ME.
5	Decided to take a chance and was wonderfully surprised.  Stopped in on a late Sunday morning.  Small crowd but it's not a huge place so it felt nice and comfortable.  Live guitarist was playing some great melodies.  Service was prompt and friendly, very casual.  Food was out of this world.  I had the Chiliquedes (sp?) which was basically a green chili pork dish on a buttered/toasted tortilla, topped with all the fixin's like avocado, cheese, salsa.  My girlfriend had the c4 salad.  A hearty salad with lots of flavor.  I have never seen either of these dishes anywhere else and I can't wait to try some of the other items that caught my eye.  I have used yelp for a long time but this is my first time writing a review so that oughta say something.  Thanks for a great experience cave creek!
2	Looks like I am in the minority on this one, but I didn't particularly enjoy the ambiance. We sat on the restaurant/wine side for breakfast. It was really dark. The service was slow-it seemed like the waitress was the only waitress, and while she was very helpful, she seemed rushed.The AC was freezing. So cold I was shivering which doesn't make me want to eat in a meat locker sort of room.I had the steel cut oatmeal which was just ok. It was a bit on the watery side and too firm. It needed a few more minutes to cook.My apple cinnamon scone was great and the coffee was flavorful.The cafe side seemed much brighter, much more cheerful. We should have sat there.Also, the bathroom had no changing table-for a place that offers breakfast, and where I saw a few families, it should provide one.
1	This place is closed.  Go to Jenny's instead.  Awesome!!
5	Pretty much one of the best coffee shops. I mean who doesn't love cave creek. And to have an amazing coffee shop in a great location. Inside is nice and cozy. Staff is always super friendly. Food is amazing. Treats are super yummy. And the coffee is always great. Love this place for sure!
