5	C&R is my go-to place when I need repairs done locally. Once, I was quoted more than another shop in Phx, but C&R was willing to do some research on how to replace the part easier, thus reducing my labor costs (by a few hundred dollars). Extra star for being VERY supportive of local charities & organizations.Thanks, Ralph!!! You & the crew rock!
5	I am a part time resident in Anthem. We have been looking for a local auto service company that we can trust. Today I had the oil changed on my Acura. Unlike other service stations I have worked with, they provide the oil service to manufacturer spec, e.g. Acura reocommends 5-20W oil. They also inspect fluid levels, tire tread/wear, battery performance, shocks, plus other checks as a part of the service. After the service, they sat down with me to go over the findindgs. I liked the fact they were not pressuring me in any way to have the findings correct; they just factually reviewed the results. I feel I can trust them. Another reason why I feel this way, C&R said the tires were ok based on the tire measurements. Another tire company, earlier in the day,  had also measured the tires and said that the tread on two of the tires was low and needed to be replaced.  C&R said the tires have another 5-10k miles left.  Another thing I like is they have a Master Tech that has been trained on Acuras. This tech can do most of what the Acura dealers.  Lastly, I like the fact they are AAA Approved. Not many auto repair places have that approval because the process of getting approved is very rigorous and they do need to respond to and correct/resolve, as applicable, issues that customers raise as a part of keepng AAA  Aproval. Based on this experience they are now my Anthem auto service provider of choice for my car.
5	I went in with a brake issue and it was fixed for a reasonable fee. They looked at everything else, told me what else needed fixing and gave me estimates for it all. Then they just did what I wanted. No pressure or guilt trips. That's what I want from a mechanic!
5	I called C&R tire to get information and they were very helpful and nice. They were extremely honest and straight forward. When I walked in every single employee acknowledged me and were friendly. The issue ended up being very small so they fixed it for free (i payed for diagnostics). I also needed new tires, so he gave me a very reasonable price and several different options. They also fixed a broken tail light for free. Overall they were Nice, honest, Straight forward, and fixed my car for way less than I thought they would. I will most definitely be using them in the future for all my car repair/tire needs.
5	Great service and competitive rates!
5	..
5	I have been using C&R Tire for all my cars - 6 - for many years.  I usually go to the Tatum & Bell location.  Ralph and his team are very professional and have always done exceptional work at a very fair price.  I highly recommend them!
5	These guys are great to work with, talk with Dexter, he works to understand your situation and always has good recommendationsI have been taking all my cars to them for several years now, never a complaintSupport your local guys!Matt L
