4	I played out here last week for the first time since the resort's remodel and I was impressed with the changes. The resort itself is still old-looking (1970s old), but the new golf clubhouse and restaurant is modern and a great addition. The way they combined the pro shop, snack shop, restaurant, and patio into a combined space works well. The patio chairs overlooking the first tee was a nice place to eat before the round started.The course itself is still fun. I kinda miss the old 18th hole's island green, but the new first hole makes for an easy start to kick the round off. The previous reviewer mentioned that the course is completely different from front to back. I'd go so far as to say the course has three different segments. 1-4 would be the "Oasis" section since it plays through green grass and lakes with no desert. 5-11 plays through a residential area with some moderate desert and one water hole. Then 12-18 is basically straight-up desert golf with some very tight driving areas.The mix of holes is somewhat awkward, but still fun. The "residential stretch" is the least exciting but at least the course is bookended with the best stretches. The course was also in good shape. I've always played out here during the summertime and it's always been in above average shape. I've never played it in season, but it always looks lush when I drive by it during that time.There are some good deals to be had here, too. They are always one of the first courses to really drop their rates for the offseason on golfnow.com. We played for $29 on a 80* day in May. I'll take that anytime.
2	Arizona Grand is widely considered among locals to be a bit of a joke.  Very gimmicky, and when I played it, one or two of the greens was in terrible shape.  Fairways are tight, and it's all over the place as style is concerned.  And have fun driving your golf cart through cul-de-sacs because of the bizarre layout!Go play it if you find a screaming deal (or it's free), but for the price, you're much better off driving a few miles down the road to The Legacy, which is far superior.The other reviews are perplexing to me, as I've never met someone who actually liked the Arizona Grand.
4	I had a lot of fun playing this course today with my 12-year old son (who hits in the low 100s.)  We also played this course back in November when we were here in town and had an equally enjoyable time.The course is in great shape and we were able to finish our round in around 4-5  hours.  The staff here are very friendly and accommodating and the beverage cart came by around 5 times during our round.  The price they gave us (as return out-of-towners) for a Sunday morning tee-time was incredible - 2 adults at $89 each + $40 rental + FREE junior fees + $15 junior rental.  Other similar quality local courses wanted to charge full fees for juniors for the same tee time, so I really appreciated the gesture. If they keep this policy in tact, this will be my regular course when my son and I come back in town.As for the course, the early holes are typical resort style holes followed by 5 or so residential public course-style holes. The beauty of this course is the back-9 desert-style holes that wrap around into the south mountain before returning back into the resort with the final par-3 that provides a breath taking semi-panoramic view of the valley from downtown Phoenix to the Superstition Mountains.  I found the back-9 to be short, but very technical, constantly testing my course management abilities - i.e, thought I could hit onto the green (from the whites) on every par-4, but came up short every time.Would definitely recommend this course for other out-of-towners like me who want to get in a quick round on a nice course.  The pro shop is  small but well-stocked.  The restaurant has patio seating overlooking the first tee and serves some decent food.  However, they need to get better beers on tap (IPAs and microbrews would be nice!.)
4	Arizona Grand is a short course (5800 from blue tees) but enjoyable. It's well maintained, electric carts with GPS, and coming from Chicago it was nice to golf close to the mountains, even if they are foothills. The only knock was the ranger said we were slowing the groups behind us, even though we never saw anyone catch up or waiting for us. I would golf here again, but maybe I'd try the black tees for 6200 yards.
4	When it comes to AZ, these folks know their grass.... Condition is awesome and golfnow gave me a chance to capitalize the affordability. This course shares almost i would word it the same as Foothills and Club West cos its located on the north side of South Mountain AZ. Foothills and Club West are on the south side just to help you remember. The lanscape is hilly but rather short. My experience though is quite challenging due to a strong gusty sand storm... yea not a complete Haboob but close enough while i can still golf. The course sneaks into housing and around behind the mountain. I love the challenge of long course but this one is not leaving anything short per the weather. If you ask me, yea i would come back for another round but let me finish longer courses that have higher priority. Hole 1 is a really nice setup where both sides are surrounded by Arizona Grand Resort rooms (a little exaggerate but its like grand stand) while folks sitting in the coffee terrace sipping coffee can enjoy the hole 1 tee off screenplay; of course what they might see is just a slight view of your back and a big American flag waving at the backdrop.
4	When I moved down here this was the first course I played on. This is a great course with a tuff layout, the tight fairways don't give you to much room for error. That being said it was a blast from the different levels of tee boxes to the awesome 13th bunkers and 18th hole view it was a fun experience. The staff is great and very accommodating!
4	I had the pleasure of playing in a charity golf tournament at this course recently and was impressed!  This golf course has nice views of the south side of the Valley and is tucked away next to South Mountain.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arizona-grand-golf-course-phoenix?select=HRROHMnYKEnuyiNpCWve1Q#HRROHMnYKEnuyiNpCWve1QThere are many hiking trails nearby....while we golfed, we could see hikers on the trails....it was kind of strange, I've never played at a golf course like this before.The course itself is well kept and in great condition.  The layout of the course isn't too challenging, but offers a nice variety for golfers of all skill levels.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arizona-grand-golf-course-phoenix?select=_j7JWOAoZ5_4oPz6cGgliQ#_j7JWOAoZ5_4oPz6cGgliQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arizona-grand-golf-course-phoenix?select=O2TQPKIZD6uf7JQTXdVqXA#O2TQPKIZD6uf7JQTXdVqXAOverall, it was a lot of fun and we finished 1 stroke out of the money...darn!Return Factor - 95%
3	I would of given this course 5 stars if they'd had a ranger that had the balls to tell the group in front of us to pick the pace up. Ended up being over a 5 hr round. Course was in great shape.
1	Never playing here on a Saturday again.Pace of play = terrible 1/10Conditions = Poor 3/10Cart girl = last round on the 4th holePace of play was terrible.  We had a 2:06 Tee Time and by the 3rd hole there were 3 groups on it, including TWO different twosomes in front of us.  How does the clubhouse allow this to happen?  One of the men in the group in front of them was busy trying to fish balls out of the lake for about 3 minutes instead of hit his ball.  It was amateur hour.  The thing that really ticked me off however was the ranger who came by not much later.  I asked him what the deal was and he literally laughed in my face "oh haha have you never played here on a Saturday... It's only going to get worse from here".  Isn't it his job to police the rate of play??  Since we came to accept the fact that it was going to be a slow & looong round we agreed that we would like to enjoy some beers.  But of course we ran into the cart girl on the 4th hole and she said this was her last time around.  I asked how this is possible at about 2:40 when it doesn't get dark till about 7 and she replied "I'm already at too many hours this week; they'll get pissed if I work anymore".   Fan-tastic!The greens also looked like they hadn't been watered in days - with dirt patches everywhere.  Very poor all around experience.
5	Definitely one of my favorites with some interesting holes. Warning though, it will take 5 hours to play but worth it. Nice views.
2	Played 4/11/2014. They had us start on the18th hole due to a tournament that was there earlier. We waited for a good half hour past our tee time  while the tournament golfers finished. Course was in lousy condition.  Rate of play was slow and layout was very confusing. After parking your cart to walk to the green, there is always a steep hill or ravine you have to hike.  The greens are in terrible condition.  Sure, there are worse courses out there but for the same money there are a lot of far superior ones.
2	We played 5/25/14 for $40, but I wouldn't pay no more than $4 for this course. I gave it 2 stars cause the staff was friendly from valet to the the cart lady. but my rating for the course would be ZERO! The conditions were terrible! Greens were bumpy, patchy burnt-out greens and fairways. And the course was coming out of the winter season, the summer conditions will be much worse. I'm from the valley and know that there are plenty of courses a few miles west of az grand that are 10x better than this dog track.
1	Where to start.. We arrived to find little to no parking, so we had to run sneak into the valet lot. Then our initial contact with staff consisted of having our bags patted down and when they felt cold we were told that our bags were to be searched or we wouldn't be allowed to play.. At which point we lost our few beers.. Fine, rules are rules, although I've never had this issue on other courses, especially during summer play.. So we decided we'd buy from the beverage cart, which was a huge mistake.. The rate of play was terrible from the beginning, our round took over 5 hours, and had the group in front of us not been asked to pick up rate, it may have been 6 or 7. It wasn't until the 7th hole (and about 2.5 hours) that the beverage cart finally came around, which was much needed because every water cooler up to that point was either empty or had no cups, on a 108 degree day. Another gripe is the lack of a club at the turn, and no restrooms through the entire front nine that I can recall. Just overall a terrible experience especially on a warm day. I'll give it a star for now since the grounds were pretty well kept, although the greens had been aerated so they were pretty bad.
1	What a s^#hole. Mud everywhere for first 5 holes! $65 wasted! The recent flooding decimated this course yet they still try to charge top dollar for it! WHAT A JOKE! I will never play here again! Fucking shi(&*#hole! How any other reviewer out there has given this course more than a half star is beyond me. They most likely work for this dump. I read some of the older reviews. One dude says its a dogpath...I can't believe someone would subject their pet to this torture by letting them walk on this dump. FUCKING MUD!!!!! I mean that literally! The ranger told me on the 4th hole after I asked him "where's all the grass, this is supposed to be a golf course not a mud bog", he said that after the 5th hole you will start to see grass....yeah, with a straight face too. Course design is fricking horrible... they have you laying up off the tee on a par 5! and I don't mean 3 wood laying up, I mean use a 7 iron so you don't hit the 80 yards of shit bushes waiting for you. 80 yards starting at 190, so, you have to hit 270 - 280 on the fly to a 5 yard wide fairway to clear the shit. Yeah, what a genius course design that is. These assholes should close this course for a year and at least get the grass to grow back. Then, and only then, they should think about charging an appropriate rate, like maybe $15-$20 for 18 holes, and that's only if it's in good condition. I know it won't be though, shitholes like this are all about stealing your money and never putting it back into the course. The only bright spot about today's round was Haley the cart girl. Pleasant, just the right amount of smart ass to ge tme out of my bad mood from the experience I was in from the get go. No signs in the parking lot!!! Looks like your checking into a hotel, no bag boys, no carts anywhere, no fucking SIGNS to tell you where to carry your bag to!! Yeah, thats right, you get to carry your shit all the way through the parking lot because theres no fucking signs that tell you WHERE TO DROP YOUR BAG OFF! FUCKING IDIOTS! You can't see the pro shop hidden all the way around the back, all the bag boys are back there too, not where they should be out front... If you want to enjoy yourself, and your thinking about coming here, HEED MY ADVICE! Go to a putt putt, driving range, play croquet somewhere, do anything but go here!!!! These fucks don't even have a driving range, they make you hit balls into a net! I can't believe I gave them $65....I feel so fucking raped!!!
5	If your staying at Worldmark By Wyndham property at South Mountain you HAVE to play this course, its very well done, and probably one of the better courses in the Phoenix area, dont know there, this place is Golf Heaven if you are into Golf, or just like hanging out at the Golf Course.As with the other Golf Course, the prices here are reasonable and service very friendly and prompt.
5	Awesome resort golf club. It makes you feel like you are on vacation in cabo. The only thing negative I can say about the course is that it is pretty short. But next time I am in the area I would play it again in a heartbeat. Staff was friendly and nice.
