3	They got $1.49 breakfast. Eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast. Can't beat that. The only bad thing..the cigarette smoke.
3	This is a good place to go if you're simply into gaming.  If you're looking for a wild night, this is not the place.  Although, they do have bands play on certain "bike nights" that are once in a blue moon.  Good food, quiet place, and bathrooms are very clean.  They also have great drawings.
3	This place is great if you like to gamble, don't mind cigarette smoke and like cheap food. I usually go here after midnight because its almost empty and less smoke. I only go for the cheap food, $2.99 for 1/4lb burger with fries or $1.49 breakfast. Its good food for the price. If you're a night owl like myself and enjoy a good deal, this place is OK. They have a happy hour that's 11pm-2am Mon-Thur (and another one that's earlier but I don't remember when) where they have $2 drafts and $3 well drinks. Its not bad, I've had better, but I know what I'm getting when I go here so I have no complaints. If you are a food snob, or any kind of snob for that matter, avoid this place. I keep going back because its kinda like "cheers". The service is always good and the night bar tenders always chat you up and try to build a rapport.     :-)
3	This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
3	This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
5	Best casino in Henderson hands down. They have a four hour happy hour twice a day (3pm-7pm and 11pm-3am) with $1 beers, $1 margaritas and half priced appetizers. We have been there many times and every one that works there from the manager to the janitor has always been incredibly friendly and hard working. The food is pretty damn good especially for the price. Great locals hang out.
4	We'd been here before but only for about 5 minutes, just wanted to see what the inside was all about. After seeing all our favorite slot machines being in use we bailed to head over to downtown Hendo. Saturday night we were in a mood to just chill and not gamble. We just left Magoo's and stopped in here to grab a beer after reading the deal on the jumbo ad screen, "$2 drafts/ $2 shots". how can you beat that? sounds good to me. After I think 11 pm they have $1 drafts or tall for $2. and the beer was good, cold and tasty. (we just left mMagoo's where the beer was slightly pricie and FLAT)APPETIZER: During their moonlight happy Hour we ordered wings and tenders for $7.99 which was half priced. the wings were ok, but the tenders were HUGE and delicious!!! I'd definitely go bk just for the tenders! (provided they were accounted for in the calorie budget)  The guy nxt to us said the quesadilla was great so we ordered it w/ chicken. while being good. it wasnt as great as he described it. but to each his own right? SERVICE: We had an amazing bartender: Elizabeth. My bf was like you and her sound like 2 peas in a pod. (based on his knowing my personality and hearing hers) She was super friendly and I felt she was genuine. If you are craving a beer and just want to chill this was place was definitely chill.
2	This review is only of the cafe', as that was all I experienced.I tried one of their 5 for $5 deals, which I found out was only the price if you have one of their loyalty cards, otherwise it is $7.I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, a garden salad (additional $2), and iced tea.The meatballs were the most tasteless things I ever had. Have they never heard of the invention of garlic powder, or  onion powder? I believe the only ingredient in them was the meat.There was a nice portion of spaghetti, and the garlic bread tasted good.
4	I had a good tuna melt.I just want to say that review that girl Jan made was so not cool about what she said about "that middle aged waitress" was so not fair. Sometimes people can't retire and have to continue to work. I hope when she gets old she doesn't have to do the same. Messed up!
4	We eat here a lot.  It's pretty cheap and they have some awesome specials on top of it.  Out of about 50 visits, we have maybe had 2 that were a let down, and those were do to poor waitress service having a long wait & not as friendly as the others.  The two older ladies that usually work the register are awesome!  My kids love them and they are both always so sweet. Only a couple of the newer waitresses could use some more experience. But like I said before.  Very rare to have a bad experience.  Great place!  Not stylish, but great food!
4	We used to go there for the $4 local breakfast menu. Can't really complain since it was a lot of food. Wasn't anything great but definitely worth the price. The casino eventually closed down though.
