4	Had lunch here today.  Good place, I like the concept and how it was started by two brother firefighters.  This place can get crowded during lunchtime [in a good way] their sandwiches have people coming back and their service is quick and efficient.The parking lot can get a little cramped and tight, but other than that it's a good place to go for a sandwich, chips, and a drink.
4	I went with two other people, I got a sub, and they got a sub and a salad. The sandwiches were tasty and the salad was so big my friend couldn't eat it all!!  I particularly liked the flavored soda machine. That was pretty neat. I will definitely be back for some more tasty subs! The people were also friendly as well.
3	Okay, we are normal day to day folks living on a budget. My multi million dollar trust fund ran dry a few years ago due to my addiction to Pez. That's the back story. Last night my wife worked late and we decided to grab a fairly cheap dinner of sammich's from FIrehouse. Well BAD NEWS cowboys and cowgirls, it ain't cheap! Holy Schmoley! We travel in a pack of 4. Our kids are just getting to the point where if they like what they are eating, they hit the adult size portions, so we are getting used to slightly higher tabs when we eat out, but after 4 subs (3-12 inch subs and 1-8 inch sub) with chips and drinks, we were over $40 in the red! That's just too much for sandwiches.The food is fine. Fairly tasty hot subs, tons of hot sauces and the nifty "Make your own Coke" machine is certainly fun for the kiddo's, but in the end we will NOT be swinging in to slide down the fire pole again. (We realized later that the whole fam-damly could have eaten at Golden Coral for less!) Sorry Firehouse, your food is palatable but your prices burned us.Eat well,V-dub
3	We needed to grab a quick bite to eat on the way home from Charlotte and I love Firehouse subs so we stopped here.This looked like a newer shop and they delivered as the usual chain sub shop should.  My only disappointment was my sub wasn't really that warm.  The reason I love Firehouse is the warm bread and meats.If you're craving Firehouse no need to pass by and my pickle was extra crispy this time!
3	Back in the dark ages, there was only Subway when you wanted a sub. Now there are so many more options. And one of the better ones is Firehouse. Heck, they even give you the Freestyle, so you have hundreds of options for your drinks alone!When it comes to the sandwich, however, the sub is a bit more than that - it's more like a meal. You have to figure out what you want on that baby, and that can be a bit of a chore. It's less of a sandwich and more of ordering from a menu. Not that you aren't ordering from a menu at a Jersey Mike's or a Subway, but hopefully you get the picture.Perhaps the best part about Firehouse, other than that Freestyle machine, is their selection of condiments. They have all sorts. But that Datil pepper (whatever that is) adds some nice flavor to your sub, so it's definitely worth trying. The difficult part is finding a bottle that doesn't look like it hasn't been cleaned in a few months...
