1	What can I say or should I warn you about Tax Crisis Institute?My husband and I came to them because we were obviously having some issues with the IRS. In May of 2012 we gave them a $1000 cash deposit and made arrangements to make payments. Up until last week we assumed they were working diligently on our case and then we got a lovely letter from the IRS stating they were going to begin garnishing our wages. Dana & Angelique Ronald were suppose to put a stop to this almost a year ago. We of course contacted the IRS to find out what Dana & Angelique had done. They basically said no papers have been filed and absolutely no steps were taken to rectify our situation. The only thing the IRS had on file was that Tax Crisis Institute was representing us. (If you want to call it that) I of course was and am furious!! We have 4 children! One of which is a special needs child, a mortgage, bills, etc. we are a single income family who are on an extremely tight budget like most families in America so for this man to steal from us is more than just wrong. I of course called them as soon as I received the information from the IRS and spoke with Angelique about getting our money back she said she would talk to Daddy aka Dana Ronald.  Gave her 4 days didn't hear anything. I called and guess who actually got on the phone?!? Yep Mr. Ronald himself!! Mind you this was only the second time I've been able to speak to him as he would refuse to talk to me because he insisted that my husband was the primary client not me. I personally thought this was strange. I was good enough to walk in a grand and make payments and fill out hours and hours of paper work but I wasn't good enough to converse with when I just wanted to know what sort of progress was made? Highly suspicious..  Anyway he is on the phone I let him know who I am and right away his tone changed and would not let me speak. He has a great talent for talking over you when your trying to have a civil conversation. He ends up hanging up in me I of course call him back. This time I'm not so nice. Rightfully so, don't you think? A grown man who is suppose to be a professional hanging up on someone doesn't sit well with me. I yell at him and call him a thief because that's what he is he then tells me that he is going to send out my final bill! A bill?!? For what?!? That enrages me even more. So if you enjoy throwing away money, being talked down to and having to hire new attorneys because the ones you originally hired then Tax Crisis Institute is the place for you! They just use the little people's money to pay their BMW payments.
5	I love my dad, but he has never been the best with financial stuff and he's always had the uncanny ability to put his head in the sand, ostrich-style when it comes time to deal with this stuff.  When I found out that he was in trouble with the IRS, I knew that was no joke-- they threatened to take his paycheck, clean out his bank account, and seize his house (which is the only actual thing he has!).  I called Tax Crisis and Dana was great.  He got us in right away (I insisted on coming so I knew my dad would resolve it).  We met with Angelique and she was incredibly honest, straight forward, and didn't sugar coat the situation.  We knew this wasn't a small hole dad dug himself into, so it was nice to hear a professional give it to us straight, particularly after some of the other places we called promised us the moon.  Tax Crisis sorted out his issues for him with the professional and expediency you hope for when in these types of situations, plus Dana and Angelique were always there to take our calls and reassure us when we had any questions.  I definitely recommend TCI to everybody I know who's in deep with the IRS.  If they can straighten my dad out, they can help anybody!
5	This company deals with idiots who don't pay their taxes. I mean, look at their name? Who has a tax crisis? I was seeking a company that could help me make sure I was avoiding mistakes with my business, and not setting myself up for an audit. Turns out, their experience dealing with people who consider themselves victims and blame everyone else for their stupidity made them the perfect choice. They knew every dumb thing, every idiot client of theirs had ever tried or screwed up on and they helped me avoid a major issue that could have cost me a lot of money, from sheer ignorance. Everyone on their staff, both in the Vegas and Bakersfield offices, were tremendously personable, polite, and generous with their time and expertise. I can't even explain in words how much of a relief it is to know that I don't have some little surprise visit from the IRS coming, because I just didn't understand the complicated tax code fully.
5	I am the owner of a network consulting and design company.  Several 2011 tax policy changes as well as an admittedly mismanaged tax structure led to severe IRS tax debt.  Tax Crisis Institute[TCI] managed to not only resolve all of our tax issues in a timely manner but were able to succinctly educate us on what we needed to do in the future to avoid tax issues and use existing tax policies to save money, hence the 5 star rating. TCI was the first business we attempted to contact after researching several companies based on our needs.  On a personal note, I am very happy about choosing them first as I do believe our issues were simple but we would not have received the amount of service that was given by TCI.  We contacted the company and spoke with Angelique.  She was very pleasant and after our issue was explained, she explained the tax relief procedure and went through a thorough list of our options depending on what we wanted to do.  We spoke in great detail about what would be best for our needs and then after agreeing to use their services we set an appointment.The office was very accessible with a friendly environment -- Angelique was also the representative who spoke with us in person.  She showed great care in her work, and a master's level of comprehension in all tax related fields.  The amount of professionalism, knowledge, and empathy shown was impressive and appreciated.  After several post-meeting correspondences we noticed this was a family business and this reassured us as to the reason we were experiencing so much extra care than would be normally be experienced in more corporate structures.  Overall, because of the timely manner in which our issues were resolved, as well as some vital advice given and extra care taken in our case, this potentially disastrous experience was actually pleasant.  In addition to my anecdotes it seems they are accustomed to dealing with high profile business-level clients, I would rate this business an excellent complete 5.
5	I got audited by the IRS a while back and thought I could handle it myself. My taxes were pretty simple (I always do them myself) and my receipts were in order, so how hard could it be?Pretty hard. The answer is pretty hard. The auditor refused to even look at my records I brought and was honestly kind of a bully. I walked out of that appointment half confused and half annoyed. I knew I needed some outside assistance, so I did a search from my phone while still sitting in the IRS parking lot. I called Tax Crisis and got right through to Dana, who listened to what had just happened, told me a little about what they could do, and set a free consultation with me up for a few days later.Long story short, I was sold on how honest and upfront Tax Crisis is. They don't sell you the moon like I know some places will, but instead give you your realistic options and outcomes. They represented me through the appeals process and all the way through. Everything was handled professionally and the results were as I had hoped. The nicest thing is that Tax Crisis works off of a flat fee, so you're not going to feel like they are nickel and diming you for every phone call they've got to make or email they have to send. It's nice to know what to expect up front for sure. It's also nice that they are a family business, which is always nicer to deal with than big faceless corporations.
5	The year after I graduate college I decided to do my taxes myself. I had done them before, with no incident. However, my situation had changed. That year I had my two part time college jobs, plus several full time temp jobs, and a couple of contract editing jobs. I did file them myself, but I made a mess of things. I got several terrifying letter from the IRS, and realized I had gotten in over my head. cue my call to TCI. Angelique cleared up my issues and explained to me what had happened, my mistakes, the IRSs responses- the whole thing, in a way I understood and made the whole situation way less scary. I received incredibly efficient and courteous service. In the six years since then, I have gone to TCI for them to do my taxes; I have had zero issues and the turn around time has been incredible. This is especially impressive considering my troubles in 2009; shortly after having bought our house and qualifying for the First Time Home Buyer's tax credit, I lost my job. Then I was audited. TCI explained that it wasn't a full audit, and that due to the extremely high number of people who were also try to get the credit, most people were being audited. Her support and various attempt to assuage my fears that I had put my little family in some sort of tax hell were invaluable. Again, I have zero complaints with the Tax Crisis Institute. Everything it have brought to then has been handled thoroughly, courteously, and promptly - always before the estimated date, even the year I didn't get around to getting my tax stuff together until April 5th.
5	I'm actually writing this for my uncle. He's great at many things, but technology is not one of them. But when I was telling him about Yelp, he immediately said, "Write something about that tax place! They helped me a lot!" So, here we are. Literally. He's right here. So, here goes:Like me, my uncle is also a Canadian citizen, but he had a job opportunity in the states that was just too good to pass up. The company told him not to worry about anything, his paperwork and tax stuff with both countries would be taken care of. Any specific questions were answered with, "Don't worry!" So, he didn't worry.Cut to a year or so later and my uncle was getting really scary letters from both governments. Now, he was worried. He called several tax lawyer types up this way, but he kept getting the run around and short answers. One day, he was talking to me about it, so I told him we should go on the internet and see what we can find. After a little searching, Tax Crisis came up, so we shot them an email. Within an hour, we received a response from Dana. He followed up with a phone appointment the next day.My uncle ended up using Tax Crisis to resolve the mess the US IRS was trying to pin on him. It took a while (not because of anything Tax Crisis did, but just because the IRS takes forever to respond/ schedule things), but everything ended up getting resolved favorably for my uncle and without much stress on his end.
5	Taxes? About as fun to deal with as major oral surgery and often more expensive! Fortunately, TCI is able to help navigate through all of the confusion and often terror you feel. I'm a normal guy with what I thought was a totally normal income and no crazy investments or offshore accounts so when I got notified of an audit I honestly was kind of like, "whatever." I quickly learned that there is no such thing as a simple audit and that the IRS Auditor can be more of an adversary than some impartial investigator. So when I called TCI and spoke with Ms. Ronald, I almost instantly felt better. She expertly and patiently walked me through every step of the process and helped me to understand complicated tax laws with ease. More importantly, she seemed to genuinely care about helping me and my family get through the audit and, after her great work, the audit ended without us owing a penny to Uncle Sam. I highly recommend TCI if you ever find yourself needing tax help. Don't be embarrassed or intimidated. Instead, get these guys on your team and things will go smoothly.
5	I admit, I was a little nervous about using the Tax Crisis Institute after seeing the one negative review posted earlier.  But then, the reality of yelp is that, like some Olympic sports, you toss out the highest review and the lowest review and go from there.  And there was only the one negative review, whereas there were a ton of good reviews, so that swayed me as well.  Really, you can't please everyone, and sometimes you get that one difficult person who gives you a bad reviews.So being a little desperate, I decided to try them, and am I glad I did!  They helped solve my problem, and even better, offered me some great advice to keep me out of future problems that I really appreciated.  Would I use them again?  Well, hopefully I won't have any "crises" that require them.  Would I recommend them to someone else who was having a crisis?  Definitely!  But, do I plan on using them for future advice and strategies to keep me out of any crises?  Yes, definitely!  So whether or not you're actually having a crises, they are very helpful!
5	I have never been treated this professionally and competently by a tax professional before. I called all of the big names - you know them - in tax preparation and none of them could answer my question succinctly (or without talking down to me) - I just needed someone to help me with a complicated tax return involving my spouse's debts from before we were married! The people behind the Tax Crisis Institute not only helped me figure out what I needed to do (at a great price, I might add) but they helped walk me through the system so that I won't ever have this problem again. (I also referred my parents to them, who were having massive problems with the IRS because they just...stopped filing their taxes...and Angelique was able to help them immensely, ALSO at a great price.) Never going anywhere else!
