3	The Fatburger in Chase Field is exactly what you'd expect from a Fatburger; totally worth the wait.  Located in the Left Field concourse, it's easy to spot and if you have a ticket for upstairs, there are no restrictions to enter the lower level.I enjoyed my Fatburger but I would have rather had a table and a chair as opposed to a high-table.Service was good and the price was comparable to the other Fatburger's even though it was inside a ballpark.  The pop was clean, as in it didn't have that overly syrupy taste like they don't clean out the lines.
2	I recently cheated on my pescabacontarianism (veggies, fish and bacon) diet to enjoy a burger while at a recent outing to a baseball game. I was excited to see something other than your standard hot dogs and nachos while walking around trying to find something to eat.  The excitement quickly faded once I was told the price for two combo meals.  Thankfully I had recently sold one of my kidneys on the black market so I was able to scrape together just enough to pay for the meals.Hunger is indeed the best spice, the burger and fries went down without much of a fight.  Sadly since I have only one remaining kidney the odds are I won't be able to eat here again, unless I win the power ball of course.
4	Take me out to the ballgame....give me some Fatburgers and Cracker Jack's....wait, what?!Yes!  Chase Field has Fatburger there!  I've been to the ballpark many times, but this was the first time having a Fatburger there.  We ordered a Diamondbacks Double Fatburger w/Cheese, Curly Fries ($5.25), and Fat Fries ($4.50).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fatburger-pheonix-3?select=F4Wrb-kbyR_yqv1eH_3PjA#F4Wrb-kbyR_yqv1eH_3PjAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fatburger-pheonix-3?select=aOB5dG6b65U-T40sXM84wQ#aOB5dG6b65U-T40sXM84wQWhat a perfect meal to sit back and watch some baseball! Food was excellent and the Dbacks won the game!Return Factor - 100%
3	Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! [Deep Breath]Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! Ok, I'm done with excitement over here. My one and only time enjoying a Fatburger was at Chase Field. And(!) it was during a sleep over. So, yes, I was very excited.Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! As part of the overnight experience (to season ticket holders) dinner was provided.Fatburger! Fatburger! Fatburger! I was impressed with how streamlined the order process was. No exceptions to the dressings. (Zip it kid!)And like that, I was presented with my big burger. And a huge side of fries!
4	Burgers were good.  Were tasty and cooked right.  Only wish it was a little cheaper but one of the better options for food at the diamond backs game
1	It's BS that this joint is mentioned as a viable eatery option when in downtown Phoenix when unless there is a game going on - it's NOT an option !!!
