5	No need to discuss the menu, we all have our favorite...such as a carmel frapp for me.  But I have to mention the service at this location.  Normally, I frequent the drive-thru.  They have never given me an incorrect order and they are super friendly.  Inside is very well maintained and the seating outside is nice.  I love my local starbucks!
4	This was my 3rd time coming to this location in about a year. I came with my friend Jess after a movie. We both got the caramel brulee frappucino. She got the chocolate croissant & I wanted to try the vanilla bean scones but they were out, again. So I got the marshmallow dream bar & iced lemon pound cake. This was my 1st time eating outside though. The tables were all a bit dirty but it was a nice day to sit outside & chat for a lil. I docked a star for being out of stuff & the outside tables being dirty.
4	I'm not a coffee person so I always end up getting tea. But, place was quiet, clean, and friendly. What more can I say - it was a Starbucks?
4	This is my go to location on the way to work. They are open super early and in the same direction that I'm travelling. I hate going out of my way.  The staff is very friendly and informative about their product offerings.
4	One of the better ones in town. Quick, friendly, consistent quality.
5	I just love this Starbucks!  Brandie, Sondra, Krissy, Patty and  the whole gang are just the best!  They're are my extended family!
5	Some of the best service of any Starbucks - reasonably fast with an upbeat smile to help start my day on the right foot.  Has some of the "local" coffee shop vibe to it, even though it is a chain.
4	I love this Starbucks! It's as close to a neighborhood coffee place this part of Phoenix has. The staff there are always super friendly & chit-chatty w/ me (which I adore) & never had an issue w/ my orders. I tend to order different things a lot, & so far so good. The Vanilla Scones are yummy, I must say.
2	Very very slow drive thruRecommend going inside
5	This is my favorite starbucks. They always get my drink right and every one is so friendly there! even the customers =]
4	If you hate people who are really cheerful early in the morning, do not come here; it is staffed by the brightest-eyed and bushiest-tailed baristas I have ever seen. For me, at least, the positive and pleasant interaction with other humans is as much of a pick-me-up as the coffee. I can't speak for the other patrons.Otherwise, a Starbucks is a Starbucks is a Starbucks.
4	The people are great. Always friendly, always smiling. There's a drive-through too, sometimes the line can be a bit long, especially early mornings between 730 and 830.
2	I don't know how many THOUSANDS of dollars I've spent here, but I simply cannot spend another 15 minutes in their drive-thru. It's just way too slow. This location is off my list.
3	I mean it's a typical Starbucks, nothing really stands out about it.The drive through isn't the quickest, but the baristas are always very  friendly. I am grateful for the drive through either way, because some other Starbucks that are convenient to my routes don't have one! Also, since it's in a rather busy stretch of Bell Rd, it's easy to forget it's there. Look for Pei Wei, and keep heading towards Greenway Pkwy.My order has never been wrong, so that's also a plus.I get iced green or passion tea 90% of the time, green tea frap with soy the other 10%, always tasty!
2	Irony at its finest. I pulled into the drive thru of this location knowing I would write a review, since everyone knows if you use their drive thru you have time to kill, and I was surprised by how quickly things moved today. The line was fully stacked to the end of the entrance and I managed to make it through to get my 2 drinks and a bagel all by the time I was done writing this review from my phone (about 7 minutes.....minus the extra minute + the girl in front of me took with feeling the need to socialize with an employee in the drive thru line....). Hopefully this is a sign that 20 minute drive through runs are a thing of the past an they will keep this up. For now, 2 stars....keep your butts in gear with less wait time and this location could certainly jump a few stars. Time will tell.
1	I'm not a Starbucks regular, but I was with friends who wanted to go here for breakfast. To be fair I've never once had a good experience at any Starbucks, and this was no exception. To me, Starbucks is always crowded, noisy, and has slow and rude service. Overall too stressful for me, if I want coffee I want a relaxing experience.On this trip, I ordered a breakfast sandwich, whichever one was featured in all the pictures on the menus. I asked for it to have turkey bacon instead of regular bacon. This totally confused the barista who for some reason thought I wanted two sandwiches. We got our stuff to go and getting outside was like a blessing as it was so much quieter outside.  I opened my package and found a completely different sandwich from what I ordered. My friends then explained that Starbucks doesn't customize sandwiches for customers and what I got was a sandwich called the turkey bacon. I have no clue why the barista couldn't have explained that to me instead of just giving me the wrong thing. there are no signs indicating this and as a non-regular I wouldn't have known. My friends couldn't explain it to me at the time of ordering because the store was so noisy and loud they would have had to scream at me. The sandwich I received was bland and I only ate a small part of it before throwing it out. The only other item I got was from the cold case, so they couldn't screw that up because I picked it myself. But yeah, apparently ordering one item is too difficult and they will screw it up.
5	Great spot, lightning fast service. Good merch selection. Knowledgeable staff..
5	Ham & cheese croissant,  this is a new breakfast venture for me normally I stick with the delicious bacon gouda sandwich.
1	If it were only a review for the girl at the front, who got got my order perfect, we would give it a 5 star rating. However, the rating was diminished by 4 stars because of the incompetent man in the back. He got simple order incorrect 3 times. Upon finally getting it right, he forgot to put Carmel on the top as requested an payed for. After this he gave my sister iced tea, without shaking it, sweetening it, or putting it over ice. Really??
5	Very nice friendly staff!!
3	This Starbucks is right next to my work so I've gone there before sometimes! Don't go through the drive thru if you are in a hurry. Sat in line for ten mins with only two cars in front of me. This has happened multiple times. The employees are great, but I would suggest just parking and going in!
4	A perfectly serviceable location with pleasant baristas and a short wait.  My cocoa and my husband's tea were great and made quickly.  In a shopping center full of odd things, it's a nice find.  It also has a drive-through and a few outside tables under a canopy (they face into a parking lot, so not that exciting).
5	Really good service and coffee. My sister and I both tried hot hazelnut macchiatos for the first time. The weather was basically right in between hot and cold so we had a hard time figuring out which temperature drink to get. Our stepmom got a java chip frappuchino and after taking a sip we almost regretted getting the hot macchiatos. But then after sitting with the decision for a little bit (and taking a few more macchiato sips) we realized that our drinks were about as good. They stop brewing decaf coffee after 12pm so we had to wait a little extra for a pour over decaf but we spent the time listening to music in my car. On accident at the speaker, the barista said "just pull up and your drinks will be here" and I accidentally said "I can't wait to see you." It was a slip of the tongue and I was slightly embarrassed to pull up. But I'm over it now and drinking my drink from this great Starbucks.
4	Great drive thru and decent interior. Friendly staff and perfectly made drinks. Outdoor patio area.  Nice location.
5	I drive out of my way to do thru the drive thru! The drinks are always right on and they are quick!
5	I come out of my way to go to this Starbucks. I've tried the location on Agua Fria and the location at Bell and 7th, but they all pale in comparison to this location! The employees are always friendly and kind and the wait never is long.
5	Fast drive thru & friendly baristas.  Just wish they had a clover machine for the better iced coffees
3	Didn't allow me to put up business cards for pet sittin, but all the other Starbucks in Scottsdale do?Www.ArizonaHappyPaws.com
2	Have had my order messed up each time over the last 3 visits, employees don't seem to be working very hard.... Much better locations elsewhere.
5	Friendly staff and fast drive thru. Today in the drive thru the guy in front of me decided to pay for my drink. Thank you whoever you are!! :)
4	Friendly and quick, my favorite Starbucks in Phoenix. In the same plaza as Jamba Juice too.
