3	So this is one of my favorite Old Navy Stores just because of it's location. It has all the departments including Maternity and Plus size (Not that I use them, but it's great for gift giving if you need them)Today we went in for the THIRD and FINAL installation of kids school shopping. My 12 year old son, he is NOT a fan...However he did quite well. We went and found five outfits complete with a jacket, socks, underwear for $180 I was thrilled. Up of course until I got to the register and encountered the rudest cashier I've ever met...We were going through everything and as you know you have to check the prices going through or else they will ring something up wrong. EX: we had a pair of shorts that had been marked down to $1.99 that he tried charging full price UM NOT...Since they were marked he fixed it.The trouble came with a Long Sleeve Shirt. All the Long Sleeve Shirts were$10.00 originally $14.50 There were hundreds of them mixed in together. None of them were marked any differently. We picked up a gray one, blue one, and red one. The gray one came up as $14.50 the other as $10 I explained to the cashier the gray one came up wrong. He went into a long dissertation that the gray one was a brushed cotton? *Um What* I said I don't care who brushed it, there are fifteen identical shirts just like it in the pile and you need to honor the price. He says "Sorry lady I'm just doin my job and the price is the price" No I didn't have a type that was how he spoke to me...So I take the shirt and find the manager and before I even get myself worked up she says I totally agree this shirt should be $10 so she tells the clerk price overide and be nice...Man I felt empowered...Amazing what a little shirt can do :)
4	So I pretty much live here. It's in a great location and it's convenient for those last minute, "OMG, I don't know what I'm gonna wear" moments. The employees are super friendly and helpful when it came to tracking down an outfit I was desperate to find last moment. The store was in tact and tidy and the visual merchandising sucks me in everytime. I'm a sucker for walking in for one to nothing and coming out with a bag and always a new pair of flip flops.
3	I went to Old Navy with the kids to buy some stuff. They didn't find much stuff. But the people that work there are really nice and make sure that you get the sale price when there's a sale on the item. It looks like my kids have kind of graduated from Old Navy so I don't see too many return trips in the future. That manikin entourage as you walk into the store was a little freaky in my opinion. What do you think? Check out the photo.
2	Poor quality products but many are cute/incredibly inexpensive so I guess it's fine if you just want it to last a season.
1	Don't expect much here other than cheap clothing. Want service ? There is none. Once you are at the cashier and asked whether you will be paying with your Old Navy credit card...If you say no, they will of course ask you if you want to sign up for one so you can save ten percent...not worth it in my opinion...of course I said no...and the little menopausing twat rolled her eyes at me....and she did it again once I declined to give her my email address ....so bottom line, not impressed with the whole experience, but then again maybe I should lower my expectations with such low prices.....
5	Have never been in this Old Navy location until Sunday, was super nice! Employees were nice and as I was walking to check out an employee handed me a coupon which I thought was amazing! I went to do some exchanges and thankfully they had all the new sizes I needed to get. As I was checking out the cashier was talking to me about restaurants which I thought was great instead of not talking at all. Super clean big and very open store.
3	I've been to this Old Navy a few times now. The location is pretty easy to access with plenty of parking. Plus, there are a lot of other shops nearby so you can get your shopping on (Pier 1, Michael's, World Market, etc). This particular Old Navy is rather large, with two entrances. Entrance one has easy access to adult/junior clothing and access two is for kid's clothing. The layout is decent, with the changing rooms in the middle. All of the new items are up front and the clearance is at the very back. Since this location is huge, they have a huge clearance section. I love looking through the clearance in hopes of a good deal but their stuff isn't drastically marked down - shirts are still $10 or above. I did score a pair of pants for $19 and a nice blouse for $12. Sometimes online you can get them cheaper (with discounts and the clearance items are really marked down). Overall, it's not a bad place to spend a few minutes looking for rather inexpensive clothing. I would recommend shopping online, but if you like to try things on, definitely check it out.
3	Old Navy typically provides crap-quality disposable clothes.  I feel as though there is one section of the store that is an exception to this rule; I absolutely adore the women's workout clothing line.  This review focuses on the WOMEN'S ACTIVE line:Let's face it--going to the gym is a total drag.  I mean, seriously! Who wouldn't rather remain on the couch with remote in one hand a beer in the other?  As nerdy as it sounds, one thing that helps me to stay motivated to make a gym appearance is cute outfits and feeling good about how I look.....  First, I'd like to discus my favorite Old Navy Active product:  the Compression Pants.  Stretchy/Spandex pants sounds scary, don't they?  Have no fear--these pants hold everything together and actually have a slenderizing effect.  Don't believe me?  Try them on!  I have the capris in an array of colors. (hint:  darker colors are even more slimming)Second, I'm a big fan of the semi-fitted tanks.  They pair nicely with the Compression Pants and fall over the hips to hide trouble spots.  Also, since they are loose, they ensure that you are not wearing an entire tight-fitted outfit.  Slim fitting tanks and tanks that bubble through the belly are also available--the latter is great for hiding troublesome abs.  Third, the hoodies and running jackets are slim fitting and chic.  The Fall/Winter 2013 collection even features a mock zip jacket that has thumb holes that allow you to pull the sleeves down over part of your hands.  (This feature is great for chilly outdoor runs!)No matter which piece you purchase, the price is always right.  These items are cheap enough to treat as disposable clothing--so don't be afraid to wear the heck out of them!
