5	Shawna is a god-send! She has helped me curb the barking in my house and reinforce obedience training that was lacking. I have also attended Rally Obedience classes with both dogs, they had just as much fun as I did! It's amazing to see her interacting with the dogs and seeing them do exactly what she asks of them. If you've tried other training classes without the desired results, give Maverick a try, Shawna will teach you how to get the response you want from your dogs!
5	Shawna is THE BEST! We adopted a 1 1/2 year old mastiff who had never been trained before. We took Shawna's beginner's class and quickly learned how to train our stubborn dog. He went from being pretty unmanagable to a (mostly) well-behaved dog, with Shawna's help. I have referred friends to her, and I'd highly, highly recommend her. She knows great tricks and tips for each breed of dog and she quickly had Toby eating out of her hand (literally!!). Shawna's classes are extremely effective - I wouldn't go anywhere else. She's great!!
5	I agree with the reviewers below -- Shawna is an excellent trainer, and came to our house to train our Goldendoodle to stop pulling on her leash during walks. Mission accomplished in just one hour. She's very knowledgeable and a true professional. I highly recommend her!
5	Shawna is terrific.  I attended a private session and then puppy school with my adopted terrier last summer and she was so helpful.  She held a small class in her yard and there were 6 people/dogs at one time.  Shawna was understanding of the fact that everyone has different expectations from training and she accepted our different goals.  She does a great job explaining why certain techniques are easier for dogs to learn and also why some things like crate-training and walking on a leash are important which I found really helpful.  I respect her, and would definitely recommend her to someone with a puppy, a new dog, or even a long-term problem with an older dog.  She knows what she's doing and will patiently explain it to you for the betterment of your pooch and your life.
