5	Hillman is a fantastic library with an enormous collection of information!PROS:lots of seatinglots of computersplenty of printer stationsfriendly staffa total of 5 floors full of information and seating areasLowest level has a cafe (but no food/bev outside of the cafe--though I don't think that close-able containers are too heavily frowned upon)CONS:the only one that I can think of is that I wish that there were more plug outlets throughout the building for plugging in laptops instead of just in the designated "laptop area".
4	With 6,148,036 volumes, the Hillman Library comes in 29th on the list of largest libraries in the United States.    I especially like the cafe, Cup and Chaucer, which sometimes features live music.  The library features an extensive digital archives collection, including the Historic Pittsburgh Maps Collection.
4	Great library. I get a lot of work done here when I need to get away from the lab. A bunch of desks on each of the four (five, including basement) floors to do work at, most with great views of either Schenley Drive on one side with the cathedrals, Schenley Square and Schenley Park- and the rustle and bustle of Forbes on the other side. Coming here during finals weeks is kind of a nightmare and you probably won't be able to find an open seat. Another concern that is most definitely lumped into a "first world problem" is the limited amount of outlets under the desks.  About half of these personal desks have outlets, so make sure if you are doing binge work that will require laptop power-up that you get one of these coveted seats. Also, there's a nice computer lab downstairs to print any papers off that you need (if you are a Pitt student), and I'm particularly happy about the oh-so-exclusive dissertation writing room on the 4th floor- because I plan to spend a lot of time there next year.
3	I give three stars for a couple reasons. 1. Ugly architecture (petty, I know) 2. I detest their storage of past periodicals.   3. They have limited private study areas. The awesome aspects include: 1. great collection2. Awesome staff3. Amazing hours. 4. Ample computers5. Awesome outreach
