5	Great new location. Clean. Great service from the receptionist to the hair designers!! Ill follow Brandon anywhere. :)) plus the price is on point.
5	I love the staff - everyone is always pleasant and friendly. April is awesome and I'm addicted to her shampoo and blowout service. Great prices and really convenient location. Happy they moved in to this spot. Give them a try for sure!
5	Friendly place, wonderful service for a great price! I am from Europe and was looking for a hairstylist for four years! I am so happy I finally found it! BRANDON is the best! He is so friendly, professional and I can really tell that this job as - a hairstylist is really his passion! Will come again soon! Thank you for such a great job with mine and my sister's hair!
1	This place has terrible customer service. I came in for a simple trim. I have long hair without any layers, and Danny managed to mess it up. He cut a random top layer four inches shorter than the rest of my hair. He also tried to hide his mistake by not blow drying my hair and putting it up in a wet knot-bun to send me on my way. I called the next day to speak with the manager to see how they could appease the situation and I was told she "was on vacation and would get back to me". The person on the phone wouldn't even provide a date she would be back. I called three weeks ago and have yet to hear back. I would recommend anyone steer clear of this place if one of their employees (Danny) could manage to completely screw up a light trim on plain, even, long hair and management doesn't even care about appeasing unhappy clients. I certainly won't be back.
5	I was a little skeptical, going to a new hair stylist for color when my last hair stylist, which I've gone to for 15 years didn't do what I wanted. Brandon listened to me and did a great job! My hair is awesome! The staff is fun and friendly, atmosphere is relaxed but not over relaxed. Brandon not only did a great job but I felt like I had been going to him for years! Great people skills and it's easy to see he loves what he does. I was a hair stylist for 7 years so I know how hard the business is. I would highly recommend this salon.
5	I am so thrilled with your stylist Danny.  He makes a person feel extra special and even beautiful.   His color and hair style cut knowledge and talents are fantastic.   Thank you for knowing a talented stylist.   He is a person who is friendly, talks just enough and you won't leave that chair unless you are happy with what he has done.  Sign of a good stylist and salon.  His idea is not get in and out but doing it right.  Which is what makes you feel special.  However the male receptionist does not make you feel welcomed.  Almost like you are so and so and that is it.  No can I get u something or have a seat etc.  in fact I observed him saying a customer wasn't happy with a stylist and he had the wrong stylist.   Plus he also is demeaning to some if the stylists in front of me.  Congratulations on having Danny in you employ.  Don't let him leave!!!
5	Brandon Dawley has been doing my hair for a while now and I will never go to anyone else! I am comfortable with telling him exactly what I want and he gives me advice to what I should do because I am really blonde, but his number one concern is the health of my hair! Because he is so knowledgable about his profession, I always listen to him and I am always more than pleased with the way My hair looks when I walk out! He always makes my hair look gorgeous! He is one of the best at the salon, if you get an appointment with him, your lucky! Cuz once someone goes to him, they never go with anyone else! Thanks Brandon, I love my hair! My trip home is going to be so special with my hair looking so good!!!!
5	I'm new to the area so I'm still trying to find my new... Everything. Finding a new girl to cut my hair was something I was very nervous about. I don't believe that a good haircut ain't cheap and a cheap haircut ain't good. I believe you can find someone who knows how to cut hair in any price range. I made an appointment and the girl on the phone promised me she was setting me up with one of their best. I hoped she was right. My appointment was first thing in the morning which was awesome because I was greeted by the whole staff the moment I walked in. My stylist, Marquel, was warm and friendly. She and I discussed what I liked about my hair and she got started. She made sure to check with me before making any drastic changes to what we'd discussed. I love my haircut! Not only will I not be going anywhere else but I highly recommend Marquel. I was able to get a shampoo, cut and style for 30 dollars. A steal for how talented she is.
5	Danny is an amazing stylist! I have always had a tough time finding someone to cut my wavy/difficult hair. Danny not only does a beautiful job, while being charming, courteous and funny throughout, but also leaves me with a cut that is SO EASY to style! I can even forgo the straightening and just put in a little product and let it dry naturally due to the way he cuts my hair. My hair now dries in lovely waves, rather than puffing out uncontrollably. Danny is my hair savior (and color guru!). I would follow him anywhere. -And the salon itself is very nice, always clean and comfortable. And of course Arizona Hair Co. has great prices.
5	It's hard to find great service and quality without breaking the bank, when it comes to getting your hair colored, cut and styled...not to mention buying products.   Arizona Hair Co, not only did a great job but it was 1/2 the price that I'm used to paying.  I have officially found my new salon.
5	I've been in Phoenix for over a year and have tried numerous stylists. I'm happy to say I've found one to stick with. The price is right and Marquel is awesome! Only did a cut today, but I'm excited to try some color next time.
5	I am thrilled to write a review for AZ Hair Co. and Danny!  I just had an all over foil, trim and style and couldn't be happier.  I have lived in Scottsdale for several years and have been looking for a quality and yet affordable salon and stylist. I am happy to have found both.  My color is perfect, the style is exactly what I wanted and the cost was substantially less than I have paid at other salons in Scottsdale.  Also, all of the stylists and staff are friendly and welcoming. Danny was super attentive and truly cared about me and my satisfaction.  Thank you Danny, I am forever yours :) lol!
5	I am so thankful that Arizona Hair Company moved here awhile ago. The last salon that was there was horrible. Right after they opened I made an appointment with Danny and have been going to him ever since. I have found my hair stylist and am so happy there. He does such an awesome job, never rushes, and makes sure you are happy before you leave. Plus he is very friendly and keeps me entertained :). The price is unbeatable and I always leave loving my haircut and color. I highly recommend Arizona Hair Company and Danny in particular.
5	Danny... Where have you been all my life? I'm so happy that none of my usual salons took walk-ins tonight because I found Danny, and I'm never going back. Danny is INCREDIBLE. I'm seriously going to recommend him to every single one of my friends. You guys, I have baby-thin, blonde long hair and it's really hard to do my hair correctly. Not only did Danny do my hair better than it's ever been done, but he didn't rip a single hair in the process (us thin-haired girls really appreciate this!)If you don't want to wait in line and you want an incredible cut at an amazing price, look no farther than this hidden gem next to Frys.
1	I wanted to give this salon a five star review because I am so pleased with my hair! It is hard to find a salon in scottsdale that is reasonable with their prices and does a good job at the same time. My problem with this salon is the fact that the majority of the employees at the salon are incredibly loud and disrespectful to the patrons. I was getting done and the only thing I could hear in the salon was the loud employee named Brandon. I wanted to enjoy a casual conversation with my hairdresser but was unable to hear them over the overbearing and loud voice of that Brandon. When I was finally able to turn around and see the face of said loud emplyee I saw his juvienlle salon station that was left unattended while he slept in the seemed as the break room. I am unsure if this was the break room since I saw many dryers with seats bellow. Again I am very pleased with my hair I just can not believe that the owner of this salon would allow such unprofessional people to for there. I am hoping to go back as long as this Brandon person is not there.
5	Brandon is awesome always does his best to work with your schedule. He always makes sure you are happy and comfortable I have been seeing him for over a year now and even though I am relocating out of state I may be back to see him every few months!
5	Danny.. a hair ARTIST..  is amazing.. my hair looks fabulous... the receptionist Sandra has definitely made this a better place to come to.  She greets everyone with a smile.  She sits and chats with you.. i get a call 24 hours prior to confirm my appointment.  Its taken me 5 years to find a salon i feel comfortable in.
5	I've been going to the same barber for years getting great hair cuts at low cost. When I moved to Scottsdale the commute to my barber in Phoenix was getting to be a hassle for me. I took a shot in the dark and ended up at az hair co. I walked in and was met by not a barber but a male hair stylist named Brandon. You know it took my barber a few times to get the hang of my head of hair as where Brandon noticed all the things that I thought I only noticed. I told him I don't know what to do with my hair, that all I did for years at my barber was just sit and he did the rest. Brandon replied "don't worry I got you". Within 10 minutes I had a better then perfect hair cut. Brandon you have yourself a lifer. Thanks!
