5	I am a patient here at Clear Cosmetic and couldn't be any happier. At a young age I had always had a problem with excessive hair growth on my legs so I had been interested in Laser since I had heard about it. I was highly recommended this Med Spa which i wont name. I had a terrible experience, I was burnt and broke out with a rash and to top it off I had noticed little change. She promised that if I kept coming I would see the change but it was to expensive to take a risk again. AI waited a couple years and decided to try again. I met Shannon who was extremely helpful and nice and explained the process in depth. Needles to say I was a bit skeptical but after the first session I noticed immediate results. I had no breakouts and couldn't be happier with the results. Especially with the affordable prices that they offer! This is my 3rd treatment and I'm loving the results more and more each time! :)
4	She is very professional and good at what she does not to mention friendly. I would  recommend her to my friends.
5	Clear Cosmetic Clinic is very clean and private.  I feel very comfortable there like I'm visiting an old friend.  Shannon is very friendly and makes you feel at ease.
5	This place is awesome! I am recommending this place to all of my friends. I spent years shaving and then a year of waxing, but after seeing a friends results with laser I decided I was sick of the time, money and effort or shaving and waxing and just wanted to get laser. I researched and looked at pricing on a ton of places and I stumbled upon this place and the pricing was great. I went in for a consultation and fell in love with the owner right away. She is the type of person that you instantly trust and makes you feel completely at ease. She tells you straight up what she recommends and you don't feel like she is just trying to get an easy buck - in fact she told me she had a groupon and she would just give me that pricing! I have very thick, dark hair and after coming here I was so surprised how amazing the results were! I noticed a difference after the first treatment, but after a couple you really notice the results (this is typical for any laser hair place). I started going to get my treatments about 3 months before my wedding, and after only three treatments (I got underarm and brazilian) I barely had any hair growing back. It was so nice to feel completely confident on our honeymoon that there would be no embarrassing razor burns or hairs I missed. I am going to keep going until I can't even find a single hair growing back, but it truly is amazing how great the results are!You won't regret going here. The owner is absolutely fantastic!!!!
