5	No "Happy Ending" here but if you want a really great massage for not much money (about $1 a minute) check out Massage Envy.  It doesn't matter where.  They are pretty consistent all across America.  Most places are open late.  Some close at 10pm but most are open until 9pm.  This is the one and only place that fits my schedule.This one is located in the Pima Crossing Shopping area.  It's your typical Massage Envy.  Clean, friendly and helpful staff and awesome masseuses!  You can't beat the prices for a massage especially here in Scottsdale/Phoenix area where massages can cost over $100 (in most cases for only 50 minutes)!  I became a member a couple of years ago.  The fee ($49) a month goes to 1 massage for that month.  You will find that what you don't use rolls over to the next month.  Isn't that a great program?I spend my life on airplanes and in front of computers in cramped places (OSHA where are you?)  I have also spent thousands of dollars trying to find that one "great" massage.  With Massage Envy, I can afford to have 2 massages in a week! Awesome!
1	WARNING !!!  this location is worse than any used car lot I ever visited.  Had to cancel three times before they finally stopped billing me.  Good therapists and good massage but HoRRiBLE business ethics,  DO NOT give them your credit card or checking info
1	great product good price ---HORRIBLE business ethics.  Filing in small claims court this week.  Lets get ready to RUMBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have enjoyed massages by two great therapists at this location.  I have no complaints about my massages.  They were both very professional and I enjoyed that therapy very much.  I will be going back here again very soon.
4	I flamed these guys last December. Went back on a whim and had a real good experience with Anna. Will go back. The place falls short on amenities.
5	Ask for David Ralston and you will have the best massage you've ever had in your life. I have had many massages..and not a single one compares to what he can do. He listened to every concern I had and focused on those areas, while also keeping it relaxed and enjoyable (I have a lot of knots in my shoulders and my hip gets locked up sometimes). I went for 90 mins and have already booked another appt for next week since I almost feel like a new person. He has very strong hands but when I told him I only want medium/deep pressure, he adjusted just right. Location of this Massage Envy is perfect too, right off the 101 and Shea.
1	THIS IS THE WORST MASSAGE ENVY I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!!! I have been a member with massage envy for over 4 years and never had a BAD massage.  Sure, I've had therapists that weren't my favorite but never a massage I could not wait until it was over!  Last week that was the case!  I booked an hour and half massage because work had been so stressful!  The therapist was late by about 5 minutes and then took forever to get going.  Once she got going it was seriously just like someone was lightly applying sunscreen on my back.  She would rub a few circles on my back; switch sides do the same thing, then switch back and do the same thing - for 90 minutes!  Meanwhile the whole time sighing like she hated being there!  She never did any other part of my body than the small circle rubs on my back.  It felt like time was going by so slowly all I wanted to do was leave!I finally called back the next day and talked to the manager about this poor experience.  She assured me that this was a onetime mistake and invited me to come back in and give their location another chance.  She offered to give me a one hour massage with one of their "best and most requested" therapists free of charge.  I agreed and went back in.I went in for my re-do last night.  First, I checked in with the receptionist who was clearly reading the notes from the manager after I called her.  She brought one of her friends in the back office out to read it as well.  At one point there were 3 people reading the notes about me calling in and complaining.  They were all talking about it which was so awkward because I was sitting 4 feet away and could hear everything!  Ten minutes after my massage was supposed to start the girl finally came and got me.  The massage itself was better, but not by much.  When she finished I thought to myself, "That was short" and then looked up at the clock.  It was still 10 minutes until 7 O'clock when my massage was supposed to be over!  So I really only got a 40ish minute massage! I went to check out and there was a new girl at the front who made a very bratty comment of "was everything up to your standards this visit?" I said it was OK and left.Do not waste your time or money by going to this location!  You will regret it!
5	Excellent service! Hour and a half is the way to go! Ask for Rob. He always listens to my needs and gives me the massage suited for my situation.
5	Love massage envy.  Whether it's for recovery or relaxation sign me up.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Location was clean and neat.  Highly recommended if your looking for a good massage.
1	Rude and inconsiderate... they do not even return calls.  The lady at the front desk needs some manners.  Have never and will never go to this type of place.  EVER
5	My usual guy at the Seville location was busy this week so I tried here.  I was paired with David Ralston.  He was awesome!  Educated me and took care of all my trouble spots. This location is closer to my home so I think I found my new spot!
5	I received a deep tissue massage from Pedro and he did a great job, real firm pressure and seemed to know exactly where to massage. Shortly after I got a facial from Anna, she was very sweet and informative. I have sensitive skin and she used products that worked well with my skin type. It was a great experience! The staff is friendly and the front desk lady was really nice and friendly. I will definitely come back.
