4	Went there late night, after 2pm. Crowd was good and it was packed. Place is small though. Music was decent and had a good time. I think it's probably better earlier in the night but who knows. Would check it out again during prime hours.
4	Ivan Kane's 40 Deuce was portrayed as a reality show on TV. I think it was A&E or something. It's a little place in the Mandalay Bay. First time here was interesting. I knew this was one of those Reality Show Places of Interest. Weirdly enough walking through the casino....who brushes past but Danny Bonnaducci who kinda looked angry...Awwww Hug....Walk up to 40 Deuce....Flash my fancy employee card and they let me and my party in. Then I run into a former student of mine. Pancho. He barbacks there. So with a fistfull of drink tickets....we head in. Drinks are average prices. Not really cheap brands they carry. Their house liquors are average to high end. The club itself is pretty small. There's a bunch of tables for VIP and then there's a stage the size of almost a double catwalk with a bead lined wall. A house band comes out with a bass player, drums, guitar or horns and they play while the girls shake it up on stage. So these girls don't just shake their ass and look pretty. They can dance...really dance. Worth waiting around for the next girl because in between sets is a dj. This place can get pretty packed. Hard to maneuver because everyone just crowds around the stage. Worth the experience because it's one of the better Burlesque shows in town.
5	This is a great "late night" club, since they're open until 6am and their shows don't start until around 2 or 3. Compared with their Hollywood location, this venue is significantly larger with a much larger bar area as well. There's room for all parties as well (whether you want to sit, dance, stand or pass out.) The one thing that is great about both places is their choice of music--never has disappointed! A must see if in Vegas...
4	I kinda like this place. It's kinda cool.I  tend to forget exactly where in the Mandalay Bay Forty-Deuce is. Seems strange to me for a club that's always bumping to be tucked off in a tiny corner of the casino. It's probably a good idea, though. I'm afraid if it was in a more conspicuous area, it'd be even more difficult to get from the door to the bar to the bathroom. The bartenders were fast and friendly with us, and the drinks were incredibly stout. It was difficult for me to enjoy the music as the DJ was skipping through all the hooks of every popular song at breakneck speed. "Just like the white-winged dove ... I'm counting sheep but running out ... take this pink ribbon off my ... I'll let you whip me ...." It was irritating. Luckily, that medley only lasted a short while, and we actually got to hear the majority of a Daft Punk song before we left.Still, the musical blunder aside, I like the Forty Deuce. I love its bathroom doors -- they substituted the usual "Men" and "Women" with the names of key body parts unique to gender. It makes me giggle. The first time I saw the men's room, I looked at the door and thought, "Is that where you go if you have one or if you are looking for one? Or is that just intended to be a general insult to anyone who happens to read that?" But then I saw the ladies' room door and ruled the latter out.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who has a tendency to get lost in the bigger night clubs. There's just no room to lose your way here.
4	Let me say Ive never had a bad time at Forty Deuce. Its small...cramped space, but always fun for "LATE" night Vegas fun (meaning 4am and later). So, if you still have the energy after you've done one (or two) of the other big clubs, head over to Fo Deuce for good times. The Burlesque dancers that come up throughout the night are incredible. The crowd is totally into it and they never fail to impress. If you can get into one of the VIP tables on the level just steps above the main floor area, do it. It makes it much more enjoyable to see all the action going on. Plus, cocktail waitress service is invaluable. Not as pricey as other Vegas lounge/club spot either. Rope guys are a little tight sometimes, but to be expected if you roll up with a group of guys. SO, standard Vegas...either have some ladies...have some green...or know someone who in the Vegas scene (this option is always the best).
4	I see ads for Forty Deuce all the time in the Las Vegas Weekly, but never thought much of it.  Finally had a chance to check it out when a friend starting working there last weekend.Arriving after two am and skipping past the small line, we walk right into the packed dance floor/bar area.  It's like a sardine can up in this joint.  You can barely dance or move, and I didn't even notice we were standing right in front of a sunken bar because of how packed it was.  We eventually move to the other bar that's up a few steps and right when you walk in.  Plenty of room over here with accessibility to that bar and space to shake your booty.  We even got to see two burlesque dancers give a little show and hang from the lighting bars.  (My only complaint - these girls need a bigger stage than what you're giving them!)  Things got even better when we were able to hang out in a VIP area with chairs and a roped off section.  This part is always cool 'cuz now you really have room for your own party and you can see all the action from where you're at.  It's a mixed crowd at Forty Deuce's.  I noticed at least three bachelorette parties, so I guess that's a good sign for more guys to come.  We even met this guy who offered us drinks from his VIP section and asked if we wanted to sit with them too. (Our party declined 'cuz after all, we had guys in our group and they probably wouldn't have liked that all that much.)Music wise - the deejay is playing music from all genres, eras, etc.  And he changes his music quick! It's like a chorus or two from each song and then he's onto another one.  This is good and bad - if you hear a song you don't like, they'll change it soon enough.  But when it's a good song, they don't play it long enough for your liking.  For the most part, they were playing decent music that I could dance to.  At one point when we were supposed to be leaving, I noticed the BF was no longer behind me.  What happened?!  I went back into the club and he hollered, "We have to dance!  It's a good song!"  Overall, Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce is a much smaller club than your other Vegas partying scenes.  It's a pretty small room and gets crowded.  Not sure what the cover is here, so I don't think I would want to drop a twenty to be here.Sidenote: We even got a free drink pass too. Drinks are expensive here, so if you get them, be sure to use them up!
1	This place is advertised as a Burlesque club but there wasn't much Burlesque going on. It is really an afterhours dance club being held in a Burlesque themed venue. My date likes Burlesque so I paid $40 cover for us to get in to watch the acts and hopefully sit and visit. But I found that if you are going for the Burlesque you will have to wait a long time between acts. There was a one song act at 11pm and another one song act at 12:30. We didn't wait for the 2:30 act. In between there was only a DJ playing music with no particular theme, but there was nothing Burlesque about it. Despite the theme decor with red chairs and small tables it was impossible to sit and visit because the music was ear pounding loud. The place filled up with loud drunken afterhours partiers. Women with tramp stamps flashing from between their tank tops and low rider jeans. For me this was a headache inducing experience and I was ready to leave after a few minutes. Even my date was let down. She has been to Burlesque clubs in San Francisco and enjoyed them. Forty Deuce is schizo. They just aren't sure what they want to be.
2	I thought burlesque clubs were supposed to have burlesque. I thought that they were supposed to have it with short intermissions. I thought burlesque shows consisted of more than the female audience members hopping up on stage after 10 overpriced cocktails to show that they, too, can be burlesque dancers (in some alternate universe maybe). I thought that the music was supposed to be sexy, not a mix of G n' R, Lipps and U2 being hollered out by audience members at the top of their lungs while they shake their asses as much as is possible while being crammed tightly into this venue. The show itself is actually good, if you can stomach the 2 hour wait in a sardine can with a bunch of drunk fools. Perhaps I was not in the right state of mind because I had a better time wandering the casino alone, checking out the sights and gambling a bit, while my friends stayed behind.
2	I might be able to give this place another try.  Key word MIGHT.But to pay $25 to have to squeeze through sweaty, gross, pervy picture taking, dudes that looked like Rick James, chicks wearing clothes way too small for them, beer spilling drunk assholes, isn't worth my time.  Ok, so we only paid $10 each thanks to some finagling with the clubs host, but $10 was too much for what i had to experience and endure inside.  Key word FINAGLEWeaving through people, trying to get to a destination where we could see burlesque dancers we get up to the front bar by the stage and AMATEUR HOUR is going on on stage, and no where else to go.  Not burlesque dancers...just really drunk girls who probably shouldn't have been dancing.  (This is not an attack on our friends who after half of us left proceeded to dance on stage....I'm sure you totally belonged there and were hotter than everyone else up there.  honest).  It is always entertaining to belt out Living on a Prayer, or to bring it back to the old school and do the Tootsie Roll or Ride the Train, but that wasn't what i signed up for.  I wanted talent in small clothes.  Key word TALENT.Now i might give this another try if i were to find out when the the burlesque show were to actually start.  Amateurs dancing with beaded curtains in fuzzy bedroom slippers, a burlesque show doesn't make. Key words ITS SUPPOSED TO BE A FRICKIN BURLESQUE SHOW!!!!!
3	Props to Ivan Kane for pairing up exceptionally talented musicians with phenomenally seductive burlesque dancers.  The girls we saw put on a performance that out-classed and out-titillated the upscale strip club without contest.  Pure seduction.Shame on Ivan Kane for being stingy with the performances.  One or two song sets every couple of hours?  That's insanity!Ivan Kane, I have one more suggestion for you.  Tell your door crew to do a better job of managing the line.  The place was unacceptably full before 2:30 am.  People weren't having a good time.
3	Hosted a bachelor party here last week and was pleasantly surprised and disappointed at the same time.The good: The burlesque show is good and the girls are hot. You will never see a better body on a girl anywhere else. You can also get in and out of the club for free with any dinner receipt for Mandalay restaurants.The Bad: The shows are brief and often have over an hour wait in between them. I assume this is to bait patrons into buying drinks. Also the drinks are quite expensive here considering there free just 100 feet away in the casino.I suggest you catch a show and then gamble during the intermissions and get free drinks there as the waits can be tedious.
4	If you don't like strong drinks, energetic crowds, loud music, drunk girls dancing on bars, incredibly hot professional dancers with very little on, a talented guy with the birthname of "Grahame Funke" deejaying, and having fun generally, then you won't like the Forty Deuce.If you want free drinks, go sit at the nickel slots next to Martha from Wisconsin.  If you want to be able to whisper to your lady, hit up the balcony at the Foundation Room.  If you don't like drunk people or hot chicks, then leave Vegas.  Too expensive?  What isn't in this town?Seriously, this place is good ol' fashioned fun that goes pretty strong til 6 am.  No pretense and no lines to get in.  It's the ideal post-clubbing, not-ready-to-turn-in alternative.  And if you happen to need a rest, cruise up to the small bar up front and try your game on the ultra-icy very attractive bartender... a test for any man on his game.
1	Forty Deuce is LAME (take note of the caps!!!)First of all, it's SMALL. Smaller than small... I don't even know why they consider themselves a club at this point. It just be called: Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce Burlesque Walkway. Music was decent, crowd was NOT. Though I hate LA for being so damn rude to guys... I wish this place wasn't so nice to them. I think the ratio was 8 guys to 1 girl. LAME! Additionally, the burlesque dancer was sexy (body and moves) but was a complete butter face! And I don't find it cute when random chicks hop on stage and think they are suddenly burlesque dancers.... Gosh, they are just so brave.
3	Our group headed to Forty Deuce for afterhours at around 3:30 am. The place was packed, so much that you couldn't move on the dance floor! The DJ was really good and played a lot of my old/new faves. I would have given it more stars had there been room to dance! I'd like to see the burlesque show, too.
3	Let me start by saying that I had a blast at Forty Deuce.  I'm not a fan of dance clubs, I HATE the Las Vegas strip, I hate people (especially too many people packed in a teeny tiny room), and I have no respect for mostly naked cocktail waitresses.Don't expect this place to provide burlesque shows, or even a burlesque theme.  Basically it's a top 40 dance club interrupted by a dance performance every couple hours.  These dancers and not burlesque trained by any means, but they are certainly good at movin'.  Very limber.  We went here for a birthday party, a group of 12.  We decided it would be best to reserve a VIP seating area which came out to about $100 per person.  Good call on our part.  The VIP section was roped off, with our own security man standing attention at our entrance.  We had bottle service, which of course $450 for a bottle of Jack Daniels is crazy talk, but it really came out cheaper than paying for an entrance fee and a bar tab.  (oh, if you're VIP there's no door charge or waiting in that lame line)So let me tell you the best part of the VIP business.  You totally have easy access to the stage.  Not just like front row seats to the show, but going up on stage to star in your own show.  (the bottle of Jack helped with that too)  We were a hit.To be honest, if we weren't VIP I would have been miserable.  Not that I'm all fancy like that, but the dance music sucked and the people were sticking together like a homecoming date.  Oh, the sax player was so rock n' roll.  Led Zeppelin on sax totally made my night.
4	I never thought I'd appreciate seeing hot half naked chicks! I think I might have liked this place more than some of the guys I was with... okay maybe that's not true, but I definitely enjoyed myself and was entertained by the show. I'd definitely recommend getting bottle service because there aren't many places to stand if you don't have a table. A nice change from the typical Vegas clubbing experience.
5	I thought I would never find a place like this in Las Vegas. But, in the back corner of the Mandalay Bay, behind some escalators, is Forty Deuce. It's everything a typical Vegas club is not. It's small and cozy. It's dark but doesn't have a lighting system that would give my epileptic seizures. The people in here are, by Vegas standards, fairly unpretentious. The drinks are...OK well those are Vegas-priced.I went here with a couple of guy friends on a very busy Friday in October. One of the doormen told us he could get us in, no cover. No cover usually means "hey this place sucks" or "hey this place is empty"...but we took the bait. Turns out it neither sucked, nor was empty. And like I said, the people are exactly what you would HOPE to find in Vegas and almost always dont. They are in town for a good time, dancing their wasted assess off. BUT, they aren't judging everyone around them, aren't worried about their VIP status, and are actually pleasant people! In Vegas?! WOW.What turns off your typical undesirables are clearly the tiny size of the place, it's location, and the interruptions for burlesque shows. Oh...the burlesque shows. I completely cringe when it comes to strip bars, strippers, etc. I was expecting the burlesque show to be a mangled imitation what burlesque is supposed to ideally be. Turns out, the imitation was quite awesome. It was actually really enjoyable. Go figure.Anyways, when in Vegas, I will be returning to this place several times. It's the club you always wanted to find and never could.
4	Ivan Kane's is a super way to end your evening of debauchery Vegas-style.  We stopped in around 2:00am for the last few cocktails of the night, a little dancing and  a very entertaining show.   The 2:30am-ish Burlesque show  was the highlight of our evening!  Beautiful, talented and limber dancers strip to their sequined skivies and shake what their momma gave em' while a three-piece band (sax, bass and drums) plays ACDC, Led Zepplin or the like.  Not to be missed!
4	Who needs a strip club when you have this place?  I'll take a ten who can seriously dance and do acrobatics to a rockin' 3 piece jazz group any day of the week over some skank who can barely put one foot in front of the other.  This is what you get at Forty Deuce.  Seriously, the women are amazingly hot and really enjoy what they do.  Way hot.Forty Deuce is located in some unassuming location inside the Mandalay Bay.  No huge marquee or anything.  Inside it was pretty packed on the night I arrived.  I got in for free.  I think it was because I'm a local, but it might have been a connection, so I can't say for certain that locals get in free.  The stage is like a catwalk up against the back wall after you walk in.  Couches line the front of it.  Not sure if these are for VIP's or what have you, or maybe it's just a spot for hot women to sit and get an up close view.  There's an elevated bar toward the back of the room.  I was feeling cheap that night and didn't get anything, so I can't comment to the pricing/quality of service.  At around 12:30am the show started.  The band features a drummer, bass and sax player.  The girl comes out and does a strip tease to a jazzy version of classics like James Brown's "I Feel Good" and the like.  The crowd really gets into it.  Great atmosphere.  Even if adult entertainment isn't your thing, you might just appreciate the show.
1	Sigh.  It wasn't my fault.  They dragged me into this place. After a nice dinner out with the employees, we needed a place nearby to go drink  and dance after the sticks-in-the-mud went home.  So someone said they had a couple of drink passes and we ended up at Forty Deuce.  First impression:  Great!  But that was while we were waiting to get into the club.  The bouncers and host-dude were super nice and even cracked a few jokes with us.  So I'm thinking "This won't be that bad...."  Oh Mags, wrong wrong wrong..... When we got in (locals are free thank god), I felt like I had entered a compartmentalized sardine can.  For all the great things I had heard about the original Forty Deuce and how it was such a crowd magnet, this was the last thing I expected.  The center bar is teeny tiny and the drinks are way overpriced, even for a strip venue.....plus some tired old ridiculously made-up hag who looked like she'd been working a corner on Fremont for about 72 hours straight on a too-small quantity of meth was a complete bitch to me and my employees (who she could have made a lotta money off of, had she been a bit more friendly)..... Simmer down now Mags....Anyhow, after that we walked the three steps to the main floor area.  Which is about as big as maybe two of my dorm rooms freshman year in college, if you took them by both ends and stretched them out to be skinny and cramped.  The "VIP" area (all 6 tables maybe?  maybe less?) was about half the size of that.  Sadly, I was hoping to dance that night and because there were more than about 20 people in the club, dancing was impossible from the lack of room.   Oh, and the music between the shows every hour was top 40....but a randomly mixed top 40.  I remember hearing Prince and Justin Timberlake and Dexys Midnight Runners in the same ten minutes.  I was confused but the totally effed up tranny with the bad sex change that stood by itself in a corner absolutely loved it and started doing the Scuba to every song.The girls weren't too bad looking, as far as girls go, but there is very little here that resembles a true burlesque act.  The first girl out must have been bored off her tit, because her number had about as much pizazz to it as my senior-citizen dad taking a dump.  However, she came out again later and did a much better routine with another girl and avenged her obviously neglected talents from that first number.  Still wasn't burlesque, but they swung from the ceiling like little plastic monkeys - and I like monkeys.  I also liked the little band that rotated out of the wall too; they turned out to be funny.   I also got hit on by a group of guys almost ten years my junior who were pretty cute, so half of the star rating is for that. LOL.  But I still won't go back.  Sorry Mandalay - I still love you as a whole though.
4	I gotta say I like this place, maybe even more then the one in L.A.  Sometimes it is a much needed break between the thumping and groping you get at larger clubs.  I have always been a fan of burlesque, so that is a bonus.  Be sure and call ahead for show times, as there is not constant performance.
3	My girlfriends and I were on our way back to our hotel room at Luxor and were walking through Mandalay Bay and I heard a song I really liked coming from some club so we walked over. I saw that it was 40 Deuce, a place that I have heard a lot about so we decided to check it out. We got in for free and walked in. It was pretty packed, mostly with guys. I had a really good time there, even though the live band was playing mostly rock songs, which I'm not too much a fan of. The dancers were amazing and very entertaining. The girls really impressed me and although they were half naked the entire time, it wasn't raunchy or gross. After the girls finished their show, it turned moer into a club setting with a DJ playing music. Overall I had  great time and would definetly go back. It's a chill place tucked into a corner that you might miss if you don't look out for it. Oh and BTW my friends and I ran into Wayne Brady outside and took a picture with him, which was a bonus.
4	I was introduced to burlesque shows a few years ago and loved it, so of course I sought out a similar venue on my first trip to Sin City. Everything I read said the cover charge was $20-25, but my husband and I got in for free. Perhaps because we were there early-ish? (10:30 with the first show at midnight.) As other have noted, it is a small club, which I found refreshing coming from a smaller metro area. People there were decent and overall youngish (30s I'd say mostly) - no one real skeevy as I find at clubs back home. Dance music was described as "hip-hop" but it wasn't any hip hop I know, but a good mix none the less. Drinks were eh, and as others indicated overpriced.One thing I read about is that this is a celebrity hang out, and the club delivered - I got about two feet from Wayne Brady who has a regular show out in Vegas.There were two entertainers who sort of go go danced to get the crowd going and then did a burlesque strip later in the night. One was excellent - very acrobatic, and one was ok. Not as much of a carnival looking act like other burlesque shows I've seen though. (ie magic, fire, hulahoops etc.)Overall very enjoyable considering we had a great night out with the cost of one expensive drink - which is a bargain as far as I'm concerned. I probably would have been disappointed had we paid $40 to get in because the "show" was very brief, but because we got in for free it was a great night. Definitely worth checking out for a unique night out.
5	we accidentally found this place while walking back to our hotel room at the luxor after playing at mandalay.. being pretty buzzed and not ready to call it a night we decided to go in .. it was a sunday so we didnt expect much we didnt have to pay a cover nor did we wait in line...once we got it it was like as if we had entered a different realm.. huge party going on !  we had no idea this place would be so much fun i mean we almost passed it by its so hidden !! it was packed but not too packed i could walk in there i was amazed and i could dance which was even more amazing !! the drinks were average price and the Burlesque show was hot ! best place hands down for after hours because even after we had to drag our s**tfaced friend out of there at 4 ..the party was still going on!
5	this was one of the best "going out" experiences i've ever had. unfortunately a drunken haze has clouded my memory slightly, but here are the highlights i remember:small and kitschy - you can hear your friends talk!i got in free because i'm a lady (so to speak)sure, g'head! get up on that pole!sure, g'head! get up on that stage with every other girl in the club!FREE cigarettes in the ladies room (just don't forget to tip)FREE candy in the ladies roomgreat DJ spinning great trackssuper easy to get a drinkhot, hot, HOT (and amazingly talented) dancerswhat a gem!
4	"I want to be like her when I grow up!!", was my mantra that evening while in the Forty Deuce club. We ended up here while club hopping through Mandalay and once again we got in quickly and for free. (Thanks again, Maurice...you the man!)This place was full, but the vibe was fun, with everyone grooving to a blues brothers-esque band on stage playing some sassy music. We got our drinks served by a cranky but efficient bartender and we made our way down to the stage just as a dancer came on. I have never seen burlesque live, only having seen it on tv with Dita von Teese, but seeing it live is a whole different experience. The woman who performed was a phenomenal dancer and I didn't know people could bend the way she did. I liked how she played with the crowd and it was fun to watch both for women and men. The second dancer was also fabulous, opening with her leg lifted and her foot resting on top of the doorway so she was in a standing splits. Wow. She danced to this phenomenal led zeppelin montage done on the sax and once again I was fascinated with her sultry dance moves mixed in with interesting gymnastic techniques. What really got me is I didn't know you could do all these complicated moves on a fringe curtain....wow. I want to be able to do all that when I grow up too....though I don't see that happening. After the second dance we left because it started to get crowded, but it was good fun and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Thanks Forty Deuce!!!
3	Good: Hot girls that dance not strip, small cover charge, decent musicBad: Morons that treat this place like a strip club, small spaceOverall, I'd definitely go back.  We stayed about 30 mins for the show and left.  I don't know if I'd make this my only stop for the night though.
3	I have to say that Ivan Kane is losing his street cred in my book. Forty Deuce used to have such a great reputation for sexy entertainment, and exclusivity in both Los Angeles and Las Vegas. Nowadays it seems as though they just let any Joe Shmo off the street come into the club, and the FD located in Mandalay Bay is a perfect example. After taking the tram from Excalibur to MB we walked through the hotel and casino to find that there was no line for Forty Deuce, and no cover on a Thursday night (score), which probably was the reason why there were so many doucebags up in the club. The music was a great mix of 90s hip-hop and contemporary rock, funk and more hip-hop. After waiting for a drink at what must be the smallest bar in all of Las Vegas we took a few laps around the place and I was surprised at how small the club actually was. We waited for what seemed like an hour before the live entertainment started. The stage wraps around 2 walls, has stairs that descend on to the stage with a drum kit posted up in the corner. The band that accompanied the vocal tracks was great, especially the drummer and bassist. The dancers were on point, and put on a really great performance, albeit short, but they most definitely got the crowd going dancing to songs like, 'Another one bites the dust' by Queen, which was a stand out for me and what I have decided would be my signature stripper song if I am ever to fulfill my lifelong dream of becoming one. I have a long way to go on the South Beach diet before that dream comes true. I love the concept of Forty Deuce, but the delivery is a bit weak in my opinion, especially for a modern burlesque show in Sin City. Three solid stars, are however totally warranted.
3	Stars, Stars.  I really wanted to go to the Mix, but they closed early.  It may have been because it was a Sunday, but it's Vegas... they are clearly not doing enough to entice people.  So after we were told Mix was closing we went to the closes bar, Ivan's Forty Deuce.  It's a rather small club or music venue, what ever you prefer.  There are tables the are right behind the dance floor, which was incredibly small.  It was more of an older crowd.  A Jazz band came on at 12 and they tooted their horns to a woman dancing and swinging from the beads hanging from the wall.  I have never seen a girl move her body like that, perhaps I have been going to the wrong places.  But anyways, fun to watch but not a place to really dance and be with friends.
4	$300 for a table?  For only the two of us?  No, thanks.  Especially since I'm not a "club" person and would only be there to catch the burlesque show.  I hear the show is brief (2 dancers do 2 songs each), so we will brave the sweaty jam-packed crowd.  I will update when we actually experience the magic of the Forty Deuce.  To the coordinator's credit, she offered me a spot on the guest list when I balked at the bottle service pricing.  Thanks, Nikki!
5	Absolutely amazing!!  And inspiring if you are into pole dancing/burlesque.  These women do some naughty things with their bodies!  Sure to tantilize and please all who enter the Forty Deuce.And, no, it was not necessary for us to get a table.  We were whisked over to a cozy seating section right next to the stage, so we had a great view.  If you are with a larger group I could see how reserving a table would be necessary.  But it wasn't for us.  Free drinks and entrance made the experience even more appealing.One of the dancers, Anna, came over to talk with us in between her performances.  She found out that I was a fledgling pole dancer and came over to "talk shop".  I got to ask her some technical questions about costumes and such.  She was very helpful and such a sweetheart.  What a nice personal touch!Ladies, beware!  As you can imagine, the guys get really horned up after watching the performers do their thing.  Once the dancers leave the stage, be prepared for inappropriate touching and propositioning from the men-folk!  Bless their little hearts.  All of the blood will likely leave their brains, so cut them some slack.p.s. My claim of not being a "club person" is apparently full of crap!  We stayed WELL after the last dancer left the stage and shook our asses and drank until about 4 am.  I didn't know I had it in me.
1	After reading the description of this show, my friends and I were stoked to check this place out.  "Classic Burlesque" is what they stated.  All night until dawn was what they said..........We show up, pay $30 a couple, and there is 1 go go dancer up on stage.  One was ok, the other girl was incredibly boring.  I though I was at a rave and some amature had stripped down to her underwear and starting dancing.So after about 30 minutes of this, they announce the "world class burlesque show" will begin.  The first dancer arrived on stage.  She was OK, used a pole which is not classic burlesque.  She performed 2 numbers.  Then the band played until another dancer came out.  She performed and then it was over.  The whole show lasted 20 minutes and then the boring go go dancer came back out.We honestly thought it was the worst Burlesque show we've ever seen.  The club was really uncomfortable, hard to see the dancers because it was so cramped.  The place does offer tables with 1 bottle starting at $280 but If I paid that, I would have left there screaming with disappointment...more than I already did.  This place is a waste of time and money.  I would have rather lost $30 in slot machines than watch this "show" again.  DON'T GO!  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME!!  I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  The pictures make the place look cute when in fact it pretty dingy and cramped.
1	I would not go here again.  About the size of a studio apartment.  I walked in and turned right around walked out.  There are several places in the Mandalay/Luxor that are better.  If you like t-shirts, they did not seem to have a dress code.
2	I had fun here, but this place was a disappointment, in that it wasn't what I expected.  My group decided to get a table--which is pretty expensive (bottle service required--think $400+ for a bottle of liquor or champagne).  They had two different dancers who each performed two burlesque routines to a live jazz band.  The show was good, but I think there's better to be had in Seattle (sexier, more creative).  The rest of the evening was a trip down 80's and 90's metal and hip-hop lane (from GNR to Run DMC) with a few scantily-clad performers and patrons gyrating on the stage.  The music was good, but a little too loud for such a small venue.  Show up early so you can get within sight of the stage (the shows are scheduled--ask your concierge for help or call), skip the bottle service (unless you want to pretend to be VIP's) and you'll probably have more fun than I did.
3	I had fun, but I was expecting more. Small, small venue that is crowded with low ceilings. Got a little claustrophobic here and there, but I survived. We arrived just when the first burlesque show was finishing up, so we decided to stick around during the hour and half down time before the next show. Music during that time was great with hip-hop from the 80s and 90s and now, Guns and Roses (ahhh...I love Guns and Roses), Bon Jovi...fun stuff. Bottle service is required and it is a $400 minimum...yikes. But I figured it was worth it to see a 45 minute burlesque show with no cover or ticket price. It wasn't a "show" b/c it only lasted 10 minutes. Two girls danced for five minutes each and that was it for another hour and a 1/2. I was bummed b/c what we did see was ambitious, exciting, entertaining, and impressive. Those girls are fit! And strong! And flexible! If any of them ever read this, please message me and tell me where you workout b/c I have to get my fit on like they have! I wanted a longer show and was expecting that for $400 required bottle service. But again, I had a good time.
2	Meh
3	i remember the original los angeles forty deuce, with the swing band that played all night not just when the dancers performed :( i didn't go to hear T.I., there's a time and a place for everything....sorry i don't wanna see drunk members of a bachelorette party clumsily gyrating to top 40's pop thinking their hot sh*t! "WHO LET THE COWS OUT?" WHO?! WHO?! WHO? i digress, once the professionals hit the stage, it was most definitely worth the wait! my vote - a little less douche and a lot more vintage vibe and we'd have ourselves a good time! oh well, at least i've seen it...
5	I know that 40 Deuce is closed, but I just wanted to let the owner know how much fun I thought that club was. Whenever I was in Vegas I always looked forward to going there. I thought the women who did the burlesque were beautiful and non-threatening. There was one bartender named Rachael in there that always took care of me and made sure that I was doing okay with my drinks. She would always treat my friends that I brought in there kindly, so I would just like to say thank you.
4	Oh, man!  This place is closed!  Bummer.  I had such a good time when we were here last year.  Now, where am I going to go for some old school burlesque?  Super sad....
5	I was super depressed to hear this place closed!  I only went once with my wife and best friends, we had a BLAST!  It was very small intimate setting, but when the band came out, it got super loud, just like a normal night club, but playing 30's and 40's type of music.  It was a blast, plus it helped having super hot women dancing burlesque along with the music.  I wish this guy Ivan Kane can produce something similar to this in the near future.  I did just hear Holly Madison will be opening up a new spot called 1923, so hopefully that will be awesome/similar!
