1	SHADY & RUDE people who lie to and will harass you knowing you don't know whom they are calling about. BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY AS WELL!
1	How these people sleep at night is a mystery to me,  they are a Ruthless bunch of jerks, not just their policies, but some of their staff as well.  I received a bill from these people for an unpaid medical bill I didn't even know I had (I received no prior billing from the company that used these jerks to collect, and like any other situation where you are hospitalized, you have many medical bills to pay and probably signed your name to many things you had no idea you were signing when you were dying and barely conscious), a nice girl called me up to come down and discuss it, and I did, thinking if this is legit, I'll try to work something out, and when I got down there, I encountered a total jerk who didn't want to hear any of it,  and with bullying and threats with court from this "person", I nearly walked out, but then the nice girl from the phone call  came out wondering what happened, after talking I agreed to make monthly payments which I could not afford due to owing other medical bills that I was trying to get ahead on, but I did not want to get sued.  I offered to make payments 3 months from that point when I would have been in a better financial situation to do so and they would not take it,  for a bill that was already supposedly over 2 years old, if the bill is even legit.  I made my arrangement, and started with the payment schedule.  A few months later, I was $40 short on a bill (I'm an independant contractor, my pay varies every week so keeping on this schedule was not a reality but I did try) and to be honest, I hoped to be able to pay it later in the week.  I honestly forgot about it which I take full blame for, and when I went to pay the following month (which I would have been able to make up the difference), they took that payment, THEN told me to wait so someone else could talk to me.  Apparently, the $40 short payment (my monthly payments were $200) was enough to have their lawyer draft a letter, which added $500+ to my balance, and were in the process of putting a lein on my house and garnishing my wages of 25% a week until the debt was settled.  I had my back against the wall once again with these people and they had set up another payment schedule which would have been $300 a month (I was having trouble with $200 and they set me up for $300- makes me wonder what their agenda is).  Needless to say, I went to a high interest payday loan place and borrowed the money to pay these people off, because the extremely high interest payday loan places  have higher moral standards than Allied Collection Services, if that helps you.
1	This place is horrible! They have been calling my job and trying to collect debt on a person who shares that same first name as me, but not the same last name. They call me about 5 times a week (at work) and I have told them OVER and OVER they are calling for the wrong person. Ive had to start monitoring my credit in fears that someone had compromised my SS#. Thank god all is well, but the final straw was when JOE GALLO called my work pretending to be a METRO police officer! I finally reached the supervisor there at ACSI who was nice and told me he would get this taken care of (let's hope he keeps his word) but I am filing a report with the Better Business Bureau. Imitating a police officer has gone too far.... especially when they are harassing the WRONG person!!
1	Rude rude rude! My claim was thru UMC. My California based insurance was going to pay the claim as soon as UMC provided an itemized bill, which they never did. I kept calling UMC to check on the status. They turned the bill over to allied which I kept in touch with keeping them informed. After countless phone calls to UMC and Allied my bill was paid in full on AUG. 12, 2013. AT the end of August Allied reported my bill to the credit bureaus as unpaid and in collections. WTF.  When calling Allied to ask them to report it paid they were very rude and redirected the blame on everyone else. We shall see if they follow thru on their word on retracting the status from my credit Report.
1	What an incompetent group of people. How hard is it to correct a last name and an address I've never even lived at???
1	TERRIBLE and SHAMEFUL practice !!! My credit was hit for over ten months on a bill that I'd already paid off. It didn't matter how many phone calls I took from them, nor how many times I called them trying to explain, they didn't care and they weren't about to look into it further with their client. They treated me as if I were low-life scum. I finally got legal counsel and drafted a demand letter. In other words, I had to prove my innocence when I wasn't even guilty. To top it off...no apology whatsoever! I think the state's attorney general should know how they do business and look into their practices.
1	Two words..JOE GALLO!  This man is a disgusting, rude, ill-behaved human being.  I cannot believe how disrespectful he was to me over the phone.  His first call was the first time I had ever heard of this debt that I supposedly owed from 2012!  I let him know I wanted to double check my records and make sure what he had was accurate. The 2nd time he called, five days later,  I had not had a chance to call the company because I had gotten food poisoning and was out for days.  He continued to express to me how 5 days had been plenty of time for me, accusing me of taking vacations and not paying my debt,  arguing, raising his voice and cutting me off mid sentence, threatening me that there were video cameras with me on them.  What the hell is this guy on?!  First of all I have NEVER had anything go to collections..EVER.  I have always paid any debt I have owed. For him to be blatantly rude is just unacceptable. I never write reviews on yelp but JOE GALLO is a completely ignorant man. Oh ya and after the 2nd conversation he reported me to the credit bureaus! After 5 days!  Mind you I had never heard of this debt until he first called.  This debt was 2 years old! I had no problem working with them and they treat me like this. SO RUDE!!
4	No necessarily a fan of forgotten debts, but Shane was very nice to deal with.  Got an oldie off my credit report and they even eliminated the added fees.  Take care of your shit and maybe they won't be so aggressive with you.
1	Shame on hospitals or doctors to send their clients' bills to them.  They choose gaining interest on these bills than serving their clients, struggling or not.  Do they not have the thousands of dollars to have a department to follow up of this?And same of Allied Collection Services as well.
