4	I cannot pass up the opportunity to take the FTR (First To Review) on Chef Aaron May's latest creation... I stopped by for a drink during their grand opening celebration last night.  While I arrived too late to sample the food, those around me said it was fabulous... The place was packed but I think that is just because it was the grand opening... Located right on Main Street in Old Town, I can see this place being a perfect spot to grab a drink or a light bite after work, or as a more laid back place to go with a small group of people on a weekend night.  Aaron did a fabulous job with the decor.  I will return soon and update my review then... but I encourage anyone seeking a new hot spot in Old Town to go check out Mabel's On Main!
4	Best. Manhattan. In Arizona.  This is a place for the discerning drinker -- for someone who appreciates the craft of the cocktail, a minimum amount of pretension for a "Scottsdale" bar, and a great atmosphere.
5	Scottsdale needed this. I went here for happy hour on Friday night and absolutely loved it.  I was close on the heels of Cyrus M., who had left just before I pulled up. He insisted that I have the bartender make me a Manhattan, the best he claimed to have ever imbibed. I listened, and Cyrus was 100% right.  One of the bartenders also demonstrated his technique by executing a perfect Sazerac. I have to admit, I wouldn't know if it was less than perfect because there isn't another bartender in the Phoenix metro area (that I'm aware of) who would brave the task of creating such a masterpiece. At any rate, it was delicious. These guys know what they're doing. At the same time, I haven't met a more friendly, less pretentious group of bartenders in that area in a very long time, if ever.  Unfortunately, I wasn't there long enough to eat, which is why I will be returning next weekend. And I can't wait. The decor is unique and interesting. The lounge is just dark enough to be mysterious, but without being annoying. The furniture is ornate and definitely reminiscent of the bygone "speakeasy" era, complete with an entire room accessed only through a bookshelf.  It's been a while since something this distinctive has graced the Scottsdale scene. I found my new favorite bar.
5	LOVE, LOVE , LOVE this place-as does everyone i have taken here.  The atmosphere is so great.  Big leather sofas, dimly let, chandeliers and HIGE bar in the center of the place.  it's small, swanky, sexy and has a great old school feel.  Plus ladies-i've never seen so many chic good looking guys in one place at once, it was jaw dropping ;)Scottsdale needed a place like this-cozy and classy and reasonably priced.  So happy to have this in my backyard-a must try.
5	This is a fantastic place to go.  It's a bit hidden even though it is on main street.  When you walk in, it feels like you are in Chicago or New York.  Beautiful marble bar w/wide leather trim - very comfortable to hang out.  The have little tables w/small table lights, which is very speak easyish.  Joey, the bartender, is awesome.  He is a New Yorker who has a passion for bartending and italian cooking.  We loved talking with him.  He makes awesome drinks.  He just asks what tastes you are the mood for and then he does his magic.  I had a key lime martini and my beau had a limoncello martini.  We have martinis at many restaurants and this one was, by far, the best one we have ever had.  We didn't try their food - the choices weren't very appealing to me and they are limited, but other reviewers say it is good.  The place has so much charm/character but the staff is the best!  This is a must visit when in Scottsdale.The crowd is very diverse also, which makes people watching good.
5	Yes yes, they have good drinks blah blahhhhh the interior is cool... blah blahhhhhhhh.... THE FOOD!OH THE FOOD!!I had just stopped crying over the close of Autostrada when I found this place.The food is FANTASTIC!And I think we were the only people eating while we were there, which to me seems like a horrific disgrace.We tried almost everything on the small menu, and I'm drooling thinking of the deliciousness of everything we ate.DELICIOUS!
2	N.M. - 2 StarsG.B. - A hoof of approvalN.M. - OK, G.B. I was excited at the idea of a gastropub/speakeasy with good food...but let's face it, food is an afterthought at best here, which is a shame, because the food is great.  The pork belly was fantastic and the deviled eggs with caviar were awesome, but I think we are the only people who ordered food.  The place was dead until some awful club in the sky belched out your typical Old Town club crowd.G.B. - Look, I just came here because I heard about G.M. on the menu, plus I nehehehehehever liked Uncle Bill that much anyway, so seeing his smug mug up on the wall was worth climbing over same half tucked DB.  But I will tell you, even I know that there is no wayehehehehneh that I would wear culottes out...anywhere.N.M. - Can't say I was impressed by G.M. or Uncle Bill, actually it was a little unnerving and clearly I don't get it.  Then again, I also don't get why you waste a good chef on a place that doesn't want to be a restaurant.  Sure it has a good, speakeasy, old school clubby type feel, but it isn't designed for eating.  It is designed for, or at least is clearly attracting, half tucked Entourage wanna be's.  I suppose you can't blame a place for who it attracts...but I would love to see May at a real restaurant.  G.B. - Don't hate because you don't gehehehenehneht down with the scenery up in this joint.  You probably don't like goatees, a nice pasture, or little horns either.N.M. - I'm not sure what that has to do with Mabel's...look, if you want to get a booth, hunker down with some drinks, enjoy slightly awkward service that ranges from the odd bipolar girl from your high school art class to the next woman in line at the Cherry Pie audition, and a good view of people trying too hard at life, then go to Mabel's.G.B. - Nehnehenehnehehehneh. EHEHEnehheeheheeehne.  Sorry, allergies. Clearly, you are an anti-goatite.
4	Mabel's on Main. "Where is this place?" How many times do I get this question. Well my friends, believe it or not it's on Main Street and yes Old Town Scottsdale has a street called Main. I was interested in taking a peak at the face lift of this hidden gem. When I walked in, I actually felt like I had stepped out of the desert and into a city bar. Finally, someone has accomplished this daunting task in Scottsdale. Mabel's on Main is a great spot to go for dinner or out with friends. It's swanky, loungy, trendy and just plain cool. The food is just top shelf. No matter what you order, you'll be happy. I'm always looking for a perfect weekend dinner to bar hotspot and this my friends is it. This is the perfect location to go after a long day for some cocktails with friends, especially if you crave a big city like me. The bar has plenty of comfortable seating and a bar large enough to get a drink. If you are looking for a good spot to host a party, they have a private room in the back. Note to the ladies who can't resist checking out the makeup when you see a mirror: the one in the bar is actually a two way mirror, so be careful what you do while looking into it!
4	I accidentally walked into the men's restroom at Mable's. I hate when that happens. I really need to pay more attention. At least nobody was in there, but it still never feels good walking out of the men's restroom into a room full of people possibly now wondering if whether or not you're a transsexual.   Mable's has a 1920's vibe. They even have a private room accessed through a bookcase. I'm obsessed with hidden rooms (because I am a huge dork) and so I obviously loved this little feature.     I also finally made it to the correct restroom for my gender and fell in love with the floor. I have an eye for detail, okay. The floor is made of pennies. Lots and lots of pennies. Who new pennies could be so beautiful? I will never take you for granted again, sweet little penny. God, I am weird.Look, Mable's is a nice addition to the Scottsdale bar scene... even if I did call it Maple's up until getting on Yelp to write a review. See what I mean about paying attention? I notice the floor is made with pennies, but not the B in Mable's and not the big sign that says MEN next to the bathroom door. Maybe I just need to cut back on the vodka?
3	Very nice atmosphere- dark walls, w/ furnishings in deep browns and burgundy tones.  Loved the plush railing at the bar- very comfortable!   Cool tunes, and while I really liked how it was very easy to converse w/ the next person in the beginning of my stay here (even the people across from us could hear what we were saying), by the end of the evening, the music did get louder.  The cocktail menu looked great, but the prices made me balk...Mabel's happy hour menu also features great-sounding apps!  A couple across from us recommended the pork belly.  While I can't even bring myself to imagine swallowing pillows of pork belly fat, which will eventually become pillows of belly fat on me (!), I do see other propitious options.
5	Has this place changed! "Mable Murphy's" meet "Mable's on Main"...We both had a wonderful experience here last night. We showed up around 8:30pm grabbed a table and started sampling - First we tried the butter lettuce salad with golden beets, then the lollipop chicken, and finally the fillet bites with horseradish sauce (amazing). After our splendid meal we enjoyed a cocktail at the bar.The atmosphere here is like a retro speakeasy. It's really dark, they have lots of exposed brick, plush couches, crystal chandeliers, and a tin ceiling. Service was impeccable and everyone was very friendly. I'd tell you about the secret room too... but it's a secret!*Late night the place turns into more of a club.
2	Ummm.....so.....what's up with the whole 'goat' thing. Has no one else noticed the goat theme? How has this not been mentioned??Seriously, there's a goat head hanging on the wall (possibly more than one), little goats on the menus and bill book. I half expected to look up in the ladies room to find a goat peering over the stall. It was creepy and confusing. I NEED to understand it!!or...maybe not.Moving forward: The food was truly fantastic. We had the pork belly and deviled eggs with caviar, which were the two standouts for me. The meatball dish wasn't bad, I just feel as though I could have made it at home with things I already have in my refrigerator, so all in all, nothing special.Our Manhattan's were quite good overall but lacked consistency. If there was a next time, I would stick to wine.The problems I have with Mabel's are the following:If this review was based on food alone, it would warrant at least 4 stars, however the running question between myself and my guy the entire evening (other than the goat conundrum) was whether or not we even saw anyone else order or eat anything.That may not matter much to anyone, but why waste such talent on a place that seems to serve little more purpose than to be the next drop in for a bunch of 30k douchebags and  their cheap, tacky, sparkly dressed girlfriends. Seriously ladies and partially tucked gents, 1998 called, it wants it's bad taste back. Have some class. I don't need to see your manscaped chest or your womans' ass cheek hanging out of the bottom of her $29.99 dress. I may have been able to bump the rating up to three stars if the service wasn't  so awkward. I can't stand it when a server (almost always female) makes eye contact and directs conversation to my date only. I don't appear threatening, I smile a lot and try to make eye contact, I'm not going to bite you.....LOOK AT ME!! I'm a pretty cool chick and I'd like you to acknowledge my existence...thanks. For some reason, this happens to me frequently. I waited tables myself back in the day and I can't wrap my brain around that one but oh well. All in all the food was excellent. Drinks were alright. Service was weird. If we hadn't already had a table from dinner and were forced to stand I could totally see myself wanting to shank some bitches.  The whole experience felt a little 'Twilight Zone' especially with the goat situation. Doubtful return.
4	I went to Mabel's last night with some friends.I cannot speak for the food...  we didn't eat, we drank...  alot.This place is gorgeous!  It is DARK.  This might be my new favorite dark haunt.  It is like super Make-out dark.  The brick walls, cool art, bookcases and black leather booths make it a pirate like booty from Marseilles.  The copper Fleur-de-lis paneling on the roof is a subtle touch that ties it all together. I was fortunate enough to see the secret room behind the bookcase.  Yep, just like Batman.  Ask about it.The staff was totally cool.  The bartender looks like a man that could skin you alive...  but really he was a sweet ole dog.  One negative - They need to work on making a proper Pimm's cup.That being said, I will be going back!
5	I have been to Mabels several times since the opening, and I have had nothing short of a stellar experience with this place. The Drinks: I am an avid champagne drinker, and it is SO refreshing to see something other than Moet Chandon served by the glass! Aside from a good champagne list, they serve specialty cocktails that are off the beaten path and artfully crafted by bartenders that know what they are doing. The Food: Aaron May. Need I say more? You must, I repeat must, have an order of the deviled eggs with caviar. The tuna carpaccio has become a dish that I regularly fantasize about, as well as the filet bites. The best part about the food, is that it's never too much. It's just the right amount, so you feel like you can enjoy your drink and not be too full. The Atmosphere: No lies, whenever I am at Mabels I feel glamourous. The mid-century decor, low lighting and music definately set a mood that is anything but Scottsdale Nightlife. The imprinted-tin ceiling, in combination with dark woods and plush seating is somehow inviting and upscale at the same time. Check out the ladies room for sure...the floor is all pennies. How cool is that?Overall, if you couldn't tell by now, im smitten with this place. Once you go, you too will develop a crush.
4	So we checked out Mabel's for a girl's night out.  We were bar hoping so it we were only there for about an hour.  It was a very chill place, but in a sophisticated way.  The drinks were a little pricey, I had a Grey goose and soda and it was $11, usually that would be $7-9 in OT.  When we arrived on Friday at 10:30, we snagged a table right away (There were 10 of us) and our server was all over our table, in a good way.  We never had to ask for a drink, she asked us before our glass was empty.   I am looking forward to trying out Mabel's again soon.   I found out they do have HH from 5-7 daily (Closed Monday).
5	A+ overall.I sent my parents there for a bigtime anniversary, and from the moment Mabel's on Main picked up the phone the experience was excellent. Word from my parents: Perfectly attentive staff, beyond generous Hospitality Director (she even put roses on the table without me soliciting that favor), and a comprehensive sense of perfection in the aesthetic and the quality of the food and drinks.My parents don't typically venture outside the norm as I do in NY - so I wanted to send them on a more adventurous, magical anniversary dinner.  And they had it!  They enjoyed every second, especially the deviled eggs, the bites of filet, and the professionally-concocted mixology-style drinks.A+.
4	We arrived at Mabel's around 9:30 on a Saturday night. Our first impression was that the space was absolutely beautiful and with great lighting; a must in my book! We weren't sure if this was a restaurant or a lounge, since it was relatively quiet. Since we had not had dinner yet, so were looking for a nice sophisticated place to have a meal or share a few starters. By all accounts Mabel's seemed to fit the bill. However, all that was soon about to change. Within a half hour of our arrival, youngsters (20 somethings) were streaming in! Did they bus them in from all points across the Valley? Well, all was good, since we had a nice little table and a darling, attentive server who looked like Mary-Kate and Ashley Olson's little sister. The music suddenly doubled in volume and the thoughtful manager came over to make sure we were okay.  I guess he thought that those "old" people in their 30's might not be digging on this! We told him we were cool. We had a delicious and very reasonably priced wine, Primitivo, and three starters  to share: the deviled eggs with caviar, Swedish meatballs and the ahi tuna carpaccio. The deviled eggs and meatballs were tasty but the ahi tuna was out of this world. While we were sipping, eating and people watching, the hostess checked on us as did our little Mary-Kate. She really was a doll! All in all, it was not what we expected, but we had a good time because the service was so attentive. Major points for that! I would go back, but probably earlier in the evening. However, if you are into the nightlife scene, the crowd was attractive and well behaved!
4	Been to Mabel's now 3 or 4 times and it's always good. Good music, good ambiance, good looking people and strong drinks. It's nice to go somewhere where the people are dressed to go out, ie: not in shorts, t-shirts and flip-flops. Drinks are a little pricey, but that goes with the territory in these lounge-y places. I have no idea what it looked like before, but the interior is gorgeous. It kind of reminded me of the Roger Room in LA.... A speakeasy with bartenders dressed to a T, artsy drinks, low lighting... Just a very cool spot. I'd like to get in for happy hour and try some of the food sooner than later!
4	Met some friends here after work.  While Mabel's is more of a late night place, we still had fun.The Swedish meatballs, lollipop chicken and pork belly appetizers were all good.The old fashioned cocktail is a winner.I love the dark, cluby atmosphere and cool music.
4	Great Old Town Scottsdale hang out. Located on Goldwater & Main. Upscale decor, think 1950-60 mad men-esqu, very masculine. The drinks are stiff, you get what you pay for because they are not cheap. The food is fabulous! Incredibly fresh and delicious upscale bar fare. My favorites so far are the Tuna carpaccio which is served with avocados, potato's and blood oranges- great combination of flavors and textures. The filet bites with creamed horseradish are served bite size and are tender and juicy. Best scallops I've ever had-ever, ever- I have no idea what is on them but I crave them now! Butter lettuce and golden beet salad is a score as well. The service is great, it just keeps getting better and better. This place is hoppin', chef Aaron May has done a fabulous job with the menu, this is a bar that I go to for the food, over and over again.
4	Mabels feels almost like a speakeasy; some forgotten 1920s haunt, dimly lit and awkwardly tucked away off of the main drag in Old Town Scottsdale. It is run efficiently by capable, friendly staff who genuinely enjoy chef Aaron May's fun cooking and who know how to pour a drink.Up until this point in your life, you've likely never tried a deviled egg burger: a burger lovingly prepared with a smattering of delicious deviled egg, with a perfect bit of cheese all on a wonderful english muffin of sorts. This simple fact needs to be remedied: try one at your earliest convenience.It will get everywhere, as the burger is too big for its britches, and the deviling helps not a bit with cleanliness, but the flavor is fantastic and thoroughly enjoyable.The shrimp cocktail brings about a very few (four, I believe, in my case) enormous shrimp, but at roughly $2.25 a pop, I don't think I'd repeat, though the cocktail sauce is delightfully prepared and the shrimp are as big as your fist.The bar is wonderful and eccentric, and on Tuesdays, you can attempt to stump Chef May. Though I haven't tried yet, it sounds like a world of fun in its own right. Better still, they pour heavy, which is good as the cocktails can run in the $7-$14 range.Overall, the atmosphere is subdued; you almost hope it'll be smoky each time you walk in. The stamped tin roof is fun and the penny-floor is a quirky touch in the men's bathroom. And don't forget to ask about Moby Dick. A good date place with a small but expertly prepared menu, but easily a $60 night for two if you each have a meal and two drinks. The happy hour, though frustratingly placed in the middle of the work week, is an amazing deal and I might just have to try to convince the office to abscond one Thursday.
3	We just became huge fans of Madmen.  This place was featured in an article that would take you back to this era.  The dark ambiance and big leather booths definately do.  You must try an Old-Fashioned although a bit pricy.  Our biggest complaint was the music it was loud and too night clubish...
4	I did not eat anything here, so based from a bar patron's perspective, this place is a good bet. Early on a Sunday evening, Mabel's was pretty quiet so we were able to carry on with the staff and it was a much more enjoyable experience than what I expected from a place in Old Town. The bartender, Heeley, was a friendly guy who definitely liked to converse, and when we realzed almost all of the staff was like this, it was very nice. One of the waitresses was lighting candles and kept burning herself by holding the lighter upside down to reach the wick. When I told her she should hold the candle sideways and she wouldn't burn herself, she looked at me like I'd just invented a cure for cancer. Priceless!!!They have some nice daytime specials, an inventive drink menu, and it is a very neat Victorian atmosphere. Good place.
2	Had high hopes since it looks nice, we got inside and there was a nice crowd. All seemed good but the music was way too loud for a lounge, I didn't know they were going for the club feel. I liked the scenery inside but there were empty reserved tables which was a waste since people couldn't sit, an it took 20 minutes to order a drink. There didn't seem to be any bottle service, and I don't get the reserved table thing.  Either they are way severely under staffed in the bar, or you're just screwed if you don't have a seat. I seriously doubt I'd go back there, plenty of better places to go that have much better service.  I didn't have any food so can't comment on that.By the way, I don't get the whole ''bouncer" thing either.  Why do you need 3 big dudes in black suits standing outside hawking people who walk by?  This isn't a back alley Las Vegas joint, relax a little bit and treat people with a little more respect.  It might help your business out.
5	This bar is amazing. It was super cool for numerous years as Mabel Murphy's and is now new and improved.  Those lolly pop chicken fingers keep you coming back for more. It's got a very laid back vibe and drinks are affordable.  Plus, it's super close to home and walking distance to other restaurants, bars or the art galleries.  I recommend it and its definitely one of my new favorites in old town Scottsdale.
5	This might be my new favorite night spot. The music wasn't too loud. The drinks were on point, and the staff was legendary.I have been back many times, and have enjoyed each time more than the time prior.  I have eaten the food (perhaps the best Tuna in town).  I have gone on a Saturday night when it is packed, and on a Sunday night when Mad Men and live music is playing.  Each time seems to be better than the last. I am happy to add Mabel's to my local watering holes.  Hopefully they don't try to change.  Old Town doesn't need another carbon copy bar.
5	This is such a cool place!  We thoroughly enjoyed the food and wine!  Our bartender was so nice and extremely friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere was so cool - lots of leather and ornate chandeliers!
2	Typically I would have written a great review for this place. On Saturday night however I was extremely disappointed. I've been to Mabel's almost every weekend for the past few months and it was not until this weekend that I was let down.A group of friends and I were excited to enter as we love the ambiance, decor, drinks, and general crowd at Mabel's. It all went bad when we came up to the doorman and all proceeded to take out our ID's. He completely ignored us and I watched as a crowd of about 20 Affliction-wearing 50 year old's walked out and left with what looked like hookers. I had to tap on the doorman's back to get his attention and he turned to me and said "Can I help you with something?" We were all taken aback by his brashness but said that we were just interested in coming in. He then told us that Mabel's just started a policy on Fri and Sat nights of members and VIP's only. We were turned away and all left with a very bad taste in our mouths.With so many different bars, clubs and lounges in the area you would think that this establishment would be smarter than that. We would have spent a good amount of $ there but instead were told we couldn't even get in because we were not 'members.' Total bull. I loved the place up until this encounter and won't be going back any time soon.
1	UNLESS YOU ARE OVER THE AGE OF 45+, A STRIPPER, A BEAT LOOKING CHICK OR JUST REALLY LOVE ED HARDY/AFFLICTION DO NOT GO BECAUSE YOU WON'T FIT IN!!! I would like to start out by saying that I made an account on Yelp just to write about how horrible my experience at Mabel's was last Saturday night... I've been to Mabel's several times now and always enjoyed the time I had spent there but last Saturday changed my opinion on this place for good! As my friends and I walked up to Mabel's a group of 45 + year old men were leaving with a female stripper. Super cool. My group of friends are in our early 20's and an attractive bunch and go to Mabel's quite a bit so we walk up only to have the doorman turn his back to us and avoid us for a while; keep in mind there is no line at all and considering the 45 yr olds and strippers had just left the building we figured they would want a group of young attractive people in Mabel's but guess not. The bouncer turned around and says "Can I help you?" like he is the bouncer of some exclusive club in NYC or LA but the big, bald, fat bouncer needs a reality check and should realize he works at a small place with a random location, with expensive drinks and isn't the only place available in Old Town. So he goes on to tell us you must be a "MEMBER" OR ON THE VIP LIST to get in...gag me. Really Mabel's? A member at Mabel's wow...you guys are feeling a bit cocky eh?! Kinda sad because I use to recommend Mabel's to a lot of people and said what a cool place it was...I will never recommend anyone to go to this place ever again. We are people that come to Mabel's a lot and you just lost a good amount of business. I've never been treated so rude before at a bar and truly hope someone from Mabel's reads this and changes their ways. Good luck!
4	Stopped by for a Happy Hour drink the other night.  When we walked in at 5:15, we were the only ones there.  Within half an hour it had filled up substantially.  First of all, it's a very nice-looking space, all dark wood and banquettes, like an old-time East Coast place.  The bartenders were super-friendly.  I ordered a Pimms Cup and it came in an actual proper Pimms cup much to my shock.  We ordered a few appetizers.  They were small but excellent.I would go back just for the friendly staff and crowd with the good food and solid drinks as a bonus.
4	I had always been curious about Mabel's on Main. A lot of different reviews, although they were generally positive.  So the last time I was in the immediate area, I decided to stop in, and of course, have my usual beer.  It was early evening, so it wasn't crowded, and we got right in. The inside is very nice - a very comfortable feeling, dim lights, and dark wood. There were some tables with stuffed chairs, and booths along the wall, with the bar in the middle of the space. There didn't seem to be anyone to seat us, so we just sat at one of the tables.  Several minutes later, the hostess appeared and informed us that the table was reserved - but it wasn't for several hours, and since we were only going to have a drink, that there was no problem.The menu was not extensive, but offered a number of different choices.  We decided to have a drink, and just relax for a while. Midway through our drinks, the hostess again appeared, and apparently the party that had reserved the table came early, and we were asked to move to a booth.  This wasn't a problem, and we agreed.  The hostess was very nice and professional, and comped us our first round.  As Mabel's started filling up, I could tell it was more of a lounge than a restaurant. The customers were very diverse, of all ages, and although there was the usual Scottsdale players, it was a very laid back atmosphere.  Great for people watching.All in all, it was a very enjoyable evening. The hostess and our server were exceptional - very friendly and they alone would keep me coming back.  Great atmosphere, great food, and great service.
3	A nice change for the typical Scottsdale bar. I like the dark, damask, chandelier vibe that it offers. The layout of the bar is spot on and there isn't a bad seat in the house. The cocktails are good and each time I've been the crowd is good - not too crowded or douchey for Scottsdale. They may consider updating their playlist but other than that no complaints. A very traditional bar.
3	Nice bar. However, just a little spooky to suddenly realize strangers can see you through a two way mirror, but it goes with the speakeasy theme.
5	I love this spot! I chanced in there with a friend of mine and we were pleasantly surprised with the great atmosphere and amazing decor. On of my favorite spots in old town to wet my whistle.
4	Yelpers thanks for the kudos on the food...you were all totally right!  AMAZING food, I've never had caviar or oysters and I killed two birds with one stone and did it at mabels-okay so maybe they were kind of and introduction and may not count as actually having them, but they were so freaking good!  The deviled eggs with caviar are delicious...don't be afraid if you've never had caviar it's just a small dash of them and you really can't tell they're even there.  The oysters were to die for, covered in spinach, cheese and oh so freaking good!  :)  We also shared the salad and burger-which btw came on an english muffin and for us ladies looking for new food tricks to conserve calories for our drinks what a brilliant and tasty decision!  I sipped on the airmail drink which might become a staple in my cockatil repatoire.  We went early so there weren't a ton of people there but super nice for date night and good conversation.  The atmosphere reminds me of a more glamorous kaz bar...love you kaz bar but you may have some competition.  Definitely give this place a try, we'll be back soon hopefully to check out the scene later in the evening :)
4	This place made me want to smoke cigars, drink dirty stirred martinis, and listen to jazz music.  Large high back chairs, booths, and couches surround the center bar along with a couple fireplaces.    This place is dark and cozy.  Definitely a sexy place to sip some scotch before a night on the town.We sampled pretty much everything on the menu.  Everything was good.  No dishes really wowed me.  The decor and the drinks, however, wowed me.  I hear they have live music too, so I only recommend this place to relax over some cocktails.
4	I've been here twice, both times were late Friday nights.  If you're looking for a good lounge vibe, this is the place.  I got in quickly and liked the music selection both times.  Their beer selection isn't that impressive, which is a bummer for me since I'm not usually into liquor, but a short beer list is pretty standard for a place like this.What's nice and unique about Mabel's is the comfortable furniture and exposed brick walls - gives the place a great atmosphere.  It reminded me of a pub I'd find back in Baltimore, and I liked that a lot.
5	Visiting from Los Angeles, Love this place!! Good live music, strong drinks, cool atmosphere, and fun crowd!! I def recommend it!
4	Love the location.  This is a bar / lounge that is a stone's throw from Kasimeriz really that isn't too stuffy or pretentious.  They have good drinks and the music is generally pretty good.  (I sometimes find it a little loud for my taste).  They know how to make a classic cocktail, (a friend ordered a sazerac and it came out just fine, along with the trendier rum based cocktails that seem to be all the rage right now.  I really like the interior, the ceiling, the chandeliers and furniture are all really comfortable and loungy.  This is a great spot for 4-6 people, too many more might be tough as it is a very popular spot.  Fridays and Saturdays will be packed.  Try a Tues thru Wednesday approach.  The waitresses are all very friendly and won't make you feel dorky if you are not a hipster or Scottsdale staple.
4	Enter through the unassuming door, into a dark lounge whose walls are reminiscent of an antiquated European bar.  Maroon bricks, wall sconces with candles, decadent chrystal chandeliers, heavy red velvet curtains finished with gold tassels, dark brown studded leather armchairs, marble tabletops and bar, and a bookcase with classics such as "Moby Dick," make this bar and lounge seem like it should be popping up somewhere in Amsterdam, not Old Town.Otis redding, Marvin Gaye, and Ben E. King pipes from the speakers, it sets the mood for something sexy....perhaps some delectable nibbles while you ply your date with drinks.This is the kind of place that I believe Hemingway would frequent,  I think it should be called Hemingway's...In turn, I began our trip with the aptly named "Hemingway Daiquiri" (Bacardi silver, fresh grapefruit and lime juice with maraschino liquor and simple syrup) which sounded good for the feminine palate, but tasted like an 80 proof man pour.  The cocktail menu definitely features some very robust concoctions...I think I will stick with their wine menu.We ordered the deviled eggs with caviar.  Deviled eggs?  Something I have never seen on a restaurant menu - but something which has appeared at countless potlucks and BBQs over the decades.  Therefore, it was ordered purely for its audicity to appear here.  With caviar, no less.  And we were not disappointed by this flavor combination.  But the fun didn't stop there.  Immediately following came the Seared Scallops with Gremolata.  Divine!  Heavenly!  That gremolata was so superb that I wanted to rush out to a neighboring supermarket and buy bread just so I could soak it all up.  That, or I could have just licked the plate clean...  (Side note...there is no bread to be found at Mabel's, so come prepared next time)  And then came another blissful dish, the Bluefin Tuna Carpaccio, with blood orange and yuzu.  Generous helpings of finely sliced tuna, marinated and doused with the lemony tart stylings of the yuzu and the bittersweet kick of blood orange.  Absolutely beautiful.And last but not least came the glazed pork belly.  It was like a gourmet version of the pork rind, the perfect bar food, so sinful and so rich!At the time we were there, the night was young and it was early in the week.  Just a few regulars sat at the bar, but I have been here on weekends where the lounge is alive with patrons swilling cocktails, watching the game on the plasma screen, or having a private soiree in the secret room, which is accessed by way of the Batman-esque revolving door bookcase.  Inside you will find one window, which affords a view of the lounge, but appears as a mirror to the guests gathered in the bar.Sexy and mysterious place for a date, terrific stop for delectable noshes.
4	We dropped in on a whim last night. We had not been here before but we were doing the Art Walk and saw the understated outside and it intrigued us. We were very pleasantly surprised since I usually detest "Old Town" and the people who tend to frequent it. (Yes, gentleman, I see your button-down shirt and knock-off prada shoes and your 7s. Yes, ladies, I am still waiting for you to finish getting dressed. Oh? You're done? I didn't realize it was legal to whore around in "clothes" like that.)Mabel's was very relaxed, even with the live DJ spinning for a charity event. We wanted to enjoy some late night snacks so we were seated at one of the very comfortable booths near the dance floor. The decor is very mystique: dark, without feeling creepy, old-fashioned, without feeling old, and eclectic, without feeling like grandma's basement. The goats really didn't bother me but then I remember the Owl Bar in San Francisco with great fondness (it was noted for being filled to the brim with owls).The food was surprisingly good for a bar! The Swedish meatballs reminded me very much of how my grandmother makes them and the gravy made a nice sauce to dip the fries in that came with their burger (which I totally didn't do!! that would be so horribly unhealthy!! so horribly, deliciously unhealthy). The burger was great and cooked exactly the way we ordered it. It was juicy and the deviled egg filling on the burger? So different and very delicious. The bun was excellent because it wasn't a bun: it was really more like a cross between a crumpet and an English muffin which let the burger stand out. We split the food and we weren't hungry when we left.The drinks were excellent. I had one of their champagne cocktails and my husband enjoyed the Manhattan. Service was great, friendly and knowledgable. The scene was overall very hip while being very relaxed. We will be back. P.S. The reason it's not 5 stars is because the ladies' restroom stalls didn't lock. A little awkward to try and hold the door closed while you...well, you know.....
5	I frequent Mabel's quite a bit, and was very excited to hear about their new promotion on Wednesdays, 1/2 off bottles of wine affectionately named wine down Wednesday. We also found that they changed up their dessert menu. That being stated, myself and a few girls came by last Wednesday and split a few bottles of Cycles, ate dinner, and tried their chocolate fondue dessert. The evening was perfection in service, quality and company.
4	The atmosphere is moody and dark, which I'm a huge fan of.  There were comfy couches, and beautiful chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.  The appetizers were fantastic.  I had the tuna tartar, chicken wings, and the scallops.  Towards 11pm the bar started to get very crowded, but it is a small place, so it was much more comfortable when it was a little sparse.  I could come here again for a quick drink, but I wouldn't stay here the whole night.
4	Had a great Happy Hour there this week.  Great food and drinks-highly recommend the Moscow Mule.
4	I had no idea this place existed. I was minding my own business, while walking down main street in Scottsdale with a few of my associates, when one of them mentioned that he needed a restroom. Well, just then  some random passers by overheard and pointed us to go to Mabels. Ok, so from the outside you would not know that this place is something special. Beautiful bar, friendly staff and what turned out to be some good food. If only I did not live 90 minutes away, Mable's would be be a regular hangout. Try the Swedish Meatballs, at 4 dollars you will be happy!
5	Happy Hour on a Saturday afternoon? Heck, I'm in! Went with a girlfriend of mine this past Saturday and was very impressed. First off, the decor. Wow. Gorgeous. I felt like I was in an episode of "Mad Men". Big center bar, dark moody lighting, and opulent chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. Gorgeous. Now, the food. We just did the Happy hour thing, and it was awesome. We had the Swedish meatballs, which were the perfect balance of sweet and creamy, the chicken lollipops, which I almost had to stop myself from licking the blue cheese from the plate (you can't go wrong with buffalo sauce and blue cheese, its like peanut butter and jelly, meant to be). The chicken had tons of meat on it, which was impressive. I love deviled eggs, they remind me of picnics, and their deviled eggs were amazing, with caviar on top, which wasn't too salty. The icing on the cake were the scallops, just amazing, I think they were grilled, and I love when scallops have that great crunch on the outside, and are buttery and soft on the inside. My favorite part, they serve Pimms! Which, from what I know when I was in London, their version of like a Mike's Hard Lemonade, a summer drink. Its citrussy and fizzy and amazing. They serve them in adorable little tin cups. Great place, great service. Great happy hour. I want to hit it up later at night next time. Maybe wear a cocktail dress, so I can feel very "Mad Men". Enjoy!
4	Probably the only place in Phoenix I frequented that really gave me the feeling I was in New York.  Kind of reminded me of the back room, save the tea cups of alcohol service.  The crowd there is usually upscale and older than the 21-30ish crowd that Old town attracts.  Like many places in Old town, there's only so much you can say about the good times you had there, but here's a buzz word:"furry party" (ok not really but we wore animal masks like fools)The oysters and happy hour menu are very good. The bar tenders are all really nice and definitely know their drinks.  - The type you can tell "make me something with XXX" (that can be annoying so if its busy be sure to toss them a nice tip).  If you are my friend Darnell Halloway you will probably ask for something pink colored. (he asked me to reference him in my reviews to improve his SEO) (the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is so that it stays relatively off the map)
4	I love it here. Very dark and super sharp lounge.  It's definitely a late night place so I don't suggest going here for happy hour.  If you're in the mood for a snack make sure you get the chicken lollipops.  Yum!
5	There is nowhere else I would rather be on a Friday night. Saturday is a little too mental, wall-to-wall people, so best get there early and get a seat at the bar if you're planning on going there. Sunday is snoozeville!But Friday, awesome people, beauties with brains to match. Everyone is friendly, mature, interesting, and it's relatively easy to get a drink too.The bar staff are great! Simply put. And Nikki, if you're reading this, you make Friday worth looking forward to not only because it's the start of the weekend.Check it out folks, you won't be disappointed. You'll find me at the bar with a smile on my face because there is no place I would rather be.
5	This was already my favorite spot in Old Town, but now that Jason Asher is there it should be 7 stars! The atmosphere is amazing, the drinks were at first good but now amazing, and the crowd is perfect. You get a few wannabe hipsters on the weekend, but its better than the Ed Hardy crowd! Casey, Kiki, Neil.... all amazing! Sundays here are the grown up from Metalhead crowd.... it's awesome! I should add that the Sunday promo puts out cocktails that rival anywhere in America, wether it's The Alembic in San Fran, or Death and Co. in NYC.....
2	Do not go to Mabel's at 5pm when they open unless you are into a mildew smell that is just an overpowering stench...mmmm, makes my water mouth even writing that.OK, made the mistake of going at 5 pm.  Was told it would be packed.  It was not packed.  It was boring.Service was good as we had a sweet, young waitress who really tried, and, why not?  There was hardly anyone there.Ordered the meatballs to eat which were okay.  Also ordered the hamburger this happy hour for $8 which came with a gigantic order of side fries.  The burger is on sourdough or flatbread (too dark to see) or something very thick and bready.  Didn't like that, but the meat was average, kinda bland but hit the spot since I forgot to eat all day.  Any food in a storm is ok then to me.Left about 7 pm cause this was definitely not a happening place.  I cannot understand all the wonderful reviews here.  Did I miss it?Some grande dame from Scottsdale in her searsucker muu muu--with some of the prettiest costume jewelry aplenty (this lady never heard that you take off one piece of jewelry before you leave home...no her philosophy is the reverse of that and she looked like a gypsy with all that stuff on)--came in, plopped down at the biggest table by herself (uh..did she never hear of a smaller table?  Definitely knew she was one of the Scottsdale spoiled brats then), and this babe had to be in her 80's!!!  God bless.  Maybe when I'm that age I'll sit my ass at the biggest table, too. She did tell me she "loved" this place, so someone likes it.Maybe I will go again and see if I like it better later on in the pm.  It surely stinks (literally!) at 5 pm - 7 pm, and I ain't kiddin'.All those wonderful reviews and no peeps at Happy Hour Friday night?????  Really?  Where are all those geezers I was promised????
5	Bathroom doors are fixed! Paroshka (I probably just butchered her poor name) has now been our server twice and she is excellent! We had bottle service on Saturday for a birthday party and she was great, attentive and made sure no one was ever thirsty. I love this place.
4	First somewhat swanky place I've been to in the Scottsdale area that did not feel like pretentious/jerk-central.  Also, the first place I've been that reminded me of back East a bit.  Really similar to The Gibson in DC on a bigger scale.  Bartenders and servers alike were friendly and efficient.  Low lighting, hard wood floors and gushy leather chairs takes you back to another era.  Chill music too.  So, food and drinks.  Drinks were flavorful and I really appreciate the time and thought they put into cocktails.  At the end of the day, a cocktail is a cocktail, however , these guys give alcoholic beverages the love they deserve with an enthusiasm and realness similar to that of Boozehound author and Washington Post columnist, Jason Wilson.  They also have a fun little happy hour on Sunday nights for people in the service industry with discounted drinks.  I was pleasantly surprised by the food.  Cocktail shrimp were large and flavorful.  Deviled eggs rich but not overly so.  Steak tips and meatballs were good.
1	Another Aaron Mays flop in the making. He's lost his mojo the staff is unfriendly and poorly trained. No wine list. Guessing they're serving Two buck chuck and marking it up.
5	I've been a few times now, and increasingly enjoy myself with each visit. Music, drinks, lighting... all are swanky with an hipster/older/speakeasy-style feel. What a breath of fresh air compared to many of the spots across Scottsdale Rd!! The "secret room" in the back with 1-way mirror is super unique, and I'm waiting for the next appropriate occasion to book it for me & my friends. It will definitely be a good time. I'm a big fan, and will be back soon!
5	Loved the french fries!! They also have happy hour everyday from 4-7pm. The burger was great, and they had deviled eggs that were tasty as well. The bartender was awesome and made me a delicious fruity martini that was not to sweet but just refreshing!
3	Was looking for a new place to try rather than my usual spot and found some good reviews on Yelp. A girlfriend and I went this past Friday night. Walking in the vibe is fabulous. Had a very old fashioned feel to it. Dark mahogany wood with plush leather chairs and couches, rich dimly lit chandeliers, no windows so very dark and an overall masculine, sexy feel. I felt like I was in another era, 60's maybe. I could envision all of the men dressed in suits and women with their bobs and perfectly applied lipstick. Unfortunately there is no dress code, anyone wearing anything can get in which sort of dampens the vibe a bit. When I ordered my first drink I asked the bartender to surprise me...he was very rude and did not like this request, wouldn't tell me what their specialty was either so I guess they don't have any. I ended up asking for something citrussy and his concoction was good enough to begrudgingly forgive his rudeness. I prefer bars where you can be social with everyone and meet new people and have interesting conversation. Everyone there was very involved with their own friends and didn't have much interest in extending their social circle. Also it was packed full of rowdy guys that night...looked like a fraternity reunion or something. Also the bartenders don't seem to know when to cut people off, I encountered a few beyond intoxicated men that were very grabby with me and could barely stand on their own two feet. Two of them were escorted out by security...um how about you don't keep serving people and allow them to get to that point? I got to see the secret room, it is cool because it is secret, that is about it. At about 12:30 am the bar DIED. There were maybe twenty people left in it total. We spent the rest of the night on the tiny patio enjoying the cool night air until 2am arrived. Apparently most people like to start their night here and end it elsewhere. 50/50 chance of me coming back.
4	Our usual group of 6 went to Mabel's to take in the dark, sexy decor and we weren't disappointed. We went in at 7pm Friday night and we had the place to ourselves. We chose to sit in a big open booth where we had a full view of the lounge, there are lots of different places to sit at including sofas and chairs situated around small tables- very speakeasy like. A couple in our group ordered the deviled eggs with caviar, and they weren't extraordinary but fairly good nonetheless. Our server, Holly was nice and kept our glasses filled- the bartenders were friendly and quick with our friends' drinks. The imprinted tin panels on the ceiling were gorgeous and the penny covered floor in the ladies' room was pretty snazzy. There was a party going on in the back 'secret' room so we didn't get to see it this time. Overall, it was a fun time at Mabel's and we'll come back again a little later so that we can have the full experience when the place is full.
4	Great spot, but it get's wayyyy too packed! Sort of a double edged sword, if it weren't always so packed it probably wouldn't be such a hotspot, but being so packed makes me decide to not go there about 60% of the time it crosses my mind.My advice, if you are gonna go, go early and lock down a good location...
4	Awesome mangement staff!  I am not a fan of downtown Scottsdale, but the GM at mabels is doing a stellar job.  There were a few drunk idiots there, but far less then what I have seen in the past in that area.I loved the secret room.  We're considering it for an event we are having at the end of the month.
3	A group of us were there for drinks late Saturday night, the bar is really cool, well thought out and decorated. Drink menu, cocktails and draft beers are all exceptional. Only challenge was it was almost impossible to get the attention of the bar staff, I am not sure that since we were a large group and had a tab running that only one batman could serve us but it was really frustrating having bar staff just ignore us! Other wise the place is great........
4	I really like hanging out here. It has a really nice & dark atmosphere.I've had the pretzel, and Filet Tips. Both were delicious.
5	This is one of the best bars in all of the Valley. I've lived in Old Town for a year now and have become quite a regular at Mabel's. Greg, the GM, always greets me with a handshake, no matter how busy the place is. Casey will seriously make you some of the best cocktails you'll ever have in your life (I recommend a Knob Creek old-fashioned). Stop by on Sundays for their Vintage n' Vinyl night for craft cocktails that are some of the best you'll find. Always a great crowd (less douchers than most Scottsdale bars; and plenty of hot cougs out on the prowl), phenomenal service and great music too. Have a real cocktail, some filet bites and enjoy good company. I have a feeling you'll like this place.
4	Mabel's sits on the outskirts of Old town on Main where there is not much else going on. However, Mabel's seems to be able to attract its own clientele and had a small crowd when we showed up. Got there on the late side after attempting to go to Crown Lounge (which is now closed), but it was not crowded for a Friday night. We were able to find seats immediately on a leather sofa in the corner. Decor was nice, reminding me of NYC speakeasy. The drinks menu offered specialty cocktails that speakeasies typically do. I found it both peculiar and impressive that waitresses swarm the place attending to all the guests who are sitting or not at the bar. The clientele of Mabel's is a cultural mix, of slightly older groups, seemingly less concerned about impressing or flattery. There is a small dance area where people had no reservations about letting loose. My wife and I absolutely loved it. For Scottsdale it was a refreshing site to see. The place, however, really is a lounge, and intended for hanging and drinking, more than dancing. It was just what we were looking for. The only complaint is possibly the dj was subpar and that the music volume can be obnoxiously loud. Otherwise, will be back again.
3	I absolutely love going to Mabel's. The atmosphere is cool, the decor is outstanding, and the service is killer.The biggest challenge for me, though, is that the atmosphere and decor don't always match the entertainment. The interior is dark, and designed with luscious leather furniture, gorgeous mirrors and artwork on the walls and the chandeliers are to die for. Everything screams vintage classic cigar and brandy room, in which patrons should be able to relax and enjoy a drink and civilized conversation with friends.Unfortunately, this doesn't happens. On weekend nights, the place is packed, sometimes with a line out the door, and there is a DJ blasting hip-hop hits. Because of this, patrons can't hear servers or friends. This entertainment doesn't match the atmosphere at all.If there is to be music, it should be quieter, perhaps a small club band or solo guitarist.Other than that, though, I do really enjoy this bar.
3	I'm still conflicted about this place although I'm leaning towards digging it. My friend had a party last wknd there and booked out the back room (which you would never know it was there with it's sneaky bookshelf door) We had dinner there pretty early and at 630pm they were already out of a few items so that sucked. But the food that we did have? Amazeballs. They describe their food as contemporary tapas and that's exactly what it was-we noshed on pretty much everything they had-chicken lollipops, deviled eggs, filet, scallops, salad and shrimp cocktail. The filet and chicken were my far my fave-both flavorful and succulent. Service was on point the entire night, never slow with a pour and there if we needed her. I tried to stay in the back room for most of the night because anytime I walked out into the main area it seemed as if I just entered d-bag city. So I would try to get through there as quickly as possible then hang out on the patio in front which gets cozy quickly. The music didn't really match the vibe -Blackstreets No Diggity just doesn't fit the bill where as their jazzy renditions of current hits before 9pm suited the place just fine.
4	I like to sneak into Mabel's and pretend I'm not in Arizona. The brick walls, overstuffed leather booths & chandeliers make Mabel's definitely one of my favorite spots, at least aesthetically. They also have great tapas-style food & the service has always been excellent. They are really helpful when you're trying to book a table the day of your event (as I did last weekend). Certainly one of my favorite spots in downtown Scottsdale.I like to share a bottle of champagne & pretend I'm in NYC or some hip European dive...once a small buzz hits I might be more prepared to venture out into the more typical "Old Town"... but staying at Mabel's all night with some good friends is just fine with me.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place.  The interior is absolutely beautiful and the staff is very nice.  The food is great.  My only issue is the drink prices.  They are a little high during happy hour, and after... DAMN.  There are a lot of bars in Old Town Scottsdale, so if you plan on a night of drinking, you can spend half the money by walking down the street.
4	Loves this place for its laid back vibe.The DJ is good because he plays just the right songs for the mood and spot. The makeover did wonders for this place.  The drinks are good and it's never very crowded, which if you are the owner is a bad thing, but for me it is perfect.Great for friends or a laid back date.
4	I F'ing LOVE this place! From the decor to the menu to the staff to the music...simply perfection. I have drunkenly stumbled by this place numerous times but last night (Sunday) we went in. It was like the gates to heaven opened up and there waiting for me was Jebus, aka Clint the bartender. He and his co-bartender who's name I have forgotten, actually I'm not even positive Clint was even his name. Anyhow, those guys knew their shit and made the meanest old fashions I've ever had. They don't gay it up with putting cherries in it and they use high end whiskey. So after 2 of those bad boys, a guy sitting 2 stools down from me ordered a mint julep. Watching the process of this drink being prepared by "Clint" was a reason to come back all by its self. From muddling mint to hand crushing ice to the apple mint garnish...I instantly knew I had to have one. The second my nose took a whiff of the apple mint and my lips touched the bourbon deliciousness, I was hooked. I will be getting one of those every time I am there. I think the main reason why I instantly fell in love with this place, besides amazing drinks, is the atmosphere. Dim lighting, copper stamped ceiling, leather studded chairs & couches, and relaxing music playing. Its a very chill and nostalgic place to hang with friends and have a great conversation. It makes me feel like I'm in the 50's and I can imagine Frank Lloyd Wright is sitting in a dark corner smoking a cigar and contemplating the process of organic architecture. I feel at home at a place like Mabel's and I will be returning over and over again.IF I was to dock points from Mabel's it would have to be over the location and the lack of cigars. As much as I love Mabel's, I would love it more if it were in downtown Phoenix and they had a cigar menu. Nothing accompanies a perfect old fashion like a smooth cigar.
5	This place is fantastic. I love the old school Vegas-y feel to it and the dj playing all the throwback hip hop pretty much made my night. The bathrooms are clean. Holly, our VIP hostess was all kinds of awesome. I will definitely be heading back to Mabels! Ladies - thank you for an awesome night. That was probably the most fun I've had in a very long time!
5	This update is LONG overdue. Mabel's has become one of my favorite spots and is a solid part of my nightlife rotation. With that said, it has also become the cause and center of many drunken stories! And we all know drunken stories are the best stories...but this is about Mabel's, not my shenanigans. :) Music, whether live or spun by a DJ is always stellar. Makes me shake my groove thang and want to party like it's 1999! Service, every visit aside from my first has been top notch. Twice I've had table service with Holly as our server. She is amazing! They really take care of you when you have a group/event. Greg, the manager always addresses me by name and says hi when I'm there. Pure class. Also, they have some hotties working there I love to flirt with. (Yes, I'm talking about you, Silas...I may not have twitted you but I Yelped you! ;)Drinks/Food, fantastic. They have great bubbly here. And bubbly cocktails. Yum. Of course they have all the top shelf liquor. Bottle service is phenomenal. They get creative with your drinks for you if you want and we had this grey goose/soda/ginger drink that was major yum. I've only tried a few of the items on the menu (deviled eggs, scallops, and something else I can't recall, too much bubbly! hehe) but they were all delish and perfect for snacking. I was told they revamped their menu and I have yet to try the new items but look forward to it! Now that the weather is cooler, they have started really enforcing dress code. You see a lot of guys in suits and ladies wearing their Saturday night best. Just the way I like it! I can't say enough good things about this place. If you haven't been to Mabel's, you are really missing out. Your Scottsdale nightlife will not be complete until you pay them a visit.
5	Stellar club/lounge. This place has everything I look for in a club. Great service, good management, great drinks, great crowd, sexy ambiance, dance floor that's not overly crowded & clean bathrooms. ;) the music was a lil old school but I didn't mind it- though it wouldn't hurt if the threw in some more music from this decade.  Well done Mabels, well done!
5	Oh yes yelpers, it's time for a Mabel's update from yours truly. The menu has been re-vamped with some new items! I had the cheese plate and the olives with a good friend this past saturday night and it was delish! There was a white cheddar, creamy may tag blue and gruyere, accompanied by proscuitto and salami. You definitely want to give that a whirl. I'm heading back on thursday to try out the Mac and Cheese they added to the menu, see you there!
5	It's a seriously low sneak from my house - to the back alley - to the main road...  and sketchy delivery to the parlay point...  I arrived at the destination.  The marker point, a ceremonial burial urn, with a facade ready to shake all suspicion.  An auspicious white hand  walled business with a stormless attitude to greet.I assumed my usual prowling attitude and snuck upon a seat next to a fellow assassin, who upon recognition (remarkably)...  recommended me a drink...  which is not even on the menu, so I couldn't even tell you what it was....  but it was awesome...  ask about it.The next thing you know it was me and my unknown assassin companion sampling ramblings and tinctures from the barmaids who have by this point, divulged a life stake of deadly lore...  and even beyond... revealing the deepest kept secrets of the mounted goat...  just ask.  And it compels me, just now...  to admit I am am a nerd.  But I am indeed a nerd with fine taste.  If you do find yourself any kind with HIGH taste...  visit this place...There may be many hidden scrolls upon these walls, and the answer you seek may be just a dabble away.  I have found the greatest nights of stealth and wealth lie upon the midweek nights of the roomies air.  Be diligent my brother/sister...  step light and long the shadow.
5	Oh Mabel's,where have you been all my Phx life?I don't miss much about LA, but I do miss dressing up and going to a nice bar. I don't want to have to go to a club to throw a dress and heels on. Mabel's has a good vibe, cool crowd, and room to shake shake it. This is a good hang, definitely taking any visitors to this spot.
5	I have been a patron of Mabel's for a while now and I love this place.  The food is great, yea for the Mac and Cheese!  I have had everything on the menu and there isn't one item that I don't dig.  The staff is friendly and the ambiance is cozy and romantic.  What truly impressed me though is I was putting on a fundraiser and couldn't find a place that didn't want to charge and arm and a leg.  Mabel's let us do it for free!  Now a friend of mine spins there so I did have an in but still it was a show of amazing generosity.  They even gave us 20% of what the bar made that night!!  Beyond impressed.  Mabel's is at the top of my list for Scottsdale bars, no douchery, no snobbery, simply wonderful!
5	I have been to Mabel's a few times now and I think it is a pretty stellar place. The food is awesome (try the chicken lollypops and the deviled eggs) and the drinks are strong. The ambiance is nice and cozy and I think it works well for a romantic dinner or a big group of friends. The staff has always been pleasant and accommodating and that goes a long way for me in Snottsdale. Last night I was wowed by Mabel's. We had a fundraiser for a great friend who has cancer and they not only let us throw it there FOR FREE, but generously offered to donate 20% of the bar tab to the cause. The service was great that night and they earned a fan for life. Thanks Mabel's, for being so cool, you're a breath of fresh air.
5	There are no complaints with this place for me. Great location, exceptional service, and friendly smiles all around. I felt welcome here during my first night. My second? I was treated as family. Bartenders knew my name. Not just the drink I had before. I really enjoy the freedom that the bartenders have. They can make whatever seems to be on their extremely creative minds. An apple old-fashioned that has a slice of said apple on it, then lit on fire to caramelize? Brilliant Nikki, brilliant. I like a place that throws the generality of "a bar" out the window and adds their own unique-freshness to the mix. Speaking of mix. The dj's that come by are exceptional. A mixture of new and older-more down tempo music. Not your average "dj-press play." This is why I am now a regular here. And that's why you should be too. Proud to say it! See you all soon.Want an inside tip, and feeling explorational? Order a "bartenders special." You won't be let down.-You stay classy, Mabels on Main.
3	I was a little bummed when we checked out Mabel's due to the fact that i was STARVING and their stoves were apparently out so the only thing available was cold food ...wompwompwomp. It was freezing outside and i wanted something warm so I had to settle with the liquid diet (not that im complaining). The drinks were very tasty that we tried, they have a nice selection of drinks they make and a nice selection of food to choose from (given the stove is not broken). Atmosphere is very nice and relaxing.  Service was pretty good except the few times our waitress was MIA. We got a big old booth for just the two of us to snuggle up in and act lovey dovey and enjoy the ambiance. I will be back again because there were items on their list I am determined to try.
5	If you like the Merc bar in Biltmore area you will like this place. The two are similar . Very sexy dark atmosphere at this lounge, well dressed professional crowd, not to big of place, brick wall interior, leather couches, a secret Scooby Doo bookcase VIP room and great music mixes the night I went.
5	YAY! I love when I get to write a good positive update on a place! My second trip to Mabels on Main was perfect! We arrived early enough to grab a booth and stayed until the late night crowd showed up so we got to feel the complete vibe of this place and I have to say I loved it ! Service was great and we enjoyed everything we ordered as well. We shared the cheese platter, chicken lollipops and also the mac n cheese which was heaven!So glad I did not write Mabels off my list and gave it another go around cause this is a very cool upscale lounge and can't wait to take some out of town visitors here during a night out!p.s their VIP room is pretty legit and affordable.. nice secluded room behind a secret wall :)
5	The heart and soul of old town Scottsdale...  Great food and friendly service.  Perfect place to start your Friday evening.
3	This place has a wonderful ambiance. It is comfortable, trendy, and homey all at once. There is a nice list of drinks. None of them really fit my taste as in they are not girly enough for me. The drinks were a little strong, but no one else seemed to mind. This is a great bar to start your night at.
4	A swanky, cozy place to land right in the heart of Old Town. Yes, Mabel's is the place to be seen.  It's an establishment striving to exude class and wealth. It's old fashioned done well. I don't have much to say about the cocktails since I don't drink anymore, but the bartenders were attentive nonetheless.  It's an ideal place to cozy up to your honey or eye that sexy someone across the room.
3	Stopped by Mabel on Main as a pre-funk location to get a few drinks and check out the place. Upon walking in, you see one big central bar in the middle with surrounding booths/tables and chairs. On a Saturday night, the place was packed and hopping so it was quite hard to get a drink. But eventually ordered an Old fashioned and vodka/cran. The drinks were stiff and delicious which was very good. The bartenders here will probably make anything you want them to make and give you some creative new drinks if you ask for it. But wasn't impressed with atmosphere. I would recommend if you want to yell over your friends just to talk and don't have enough room to comfortably stand while sipping on some stiff cocktails.*TIP* CHECK IN HERE ON YELP and get 50% off 2 cocktails. I got two drinks for 10 bucks! woot!
2	Looked like a charming, cozy place for drinks with friends but don't go for more than appetizers.  Service was very slow.  So long, in fact, they charged me dinner price although I was sitting & waiting since happy hour.   All the food was very greasy.  Another long wait to get bill & doggie box.
3	Classy ambience. Not my thing overall, but if you're into that kinda atmosphere, you'd probably enjoy it. Definitely not a nightclub.
4	drinks only so far, this bartender knows what he is doing. I will be back for the food....
5	LOVE.Love the quality of service, love the specialty drinks, love the Yelp deals, love the decor, love the hidden VIP lounge.In short, GO HERE. you wont be disappointed.
4	I can't even describe the sound a friend made when she bit into the pretzel with the sauce that came with it, definitely had a mouth gasm.We ordered deviled eggs, pretzels, chicken lollipops, classic wedge salad, butter lettuce salad and the mac and cheese.  Everything was fantastic, the mac and cheese however is AMAZING and a bargain on their happy hour menu, which is avaiable every day.  (don't go by their website for HH, there is a special short menu for HH, prices ranging from $4-$9)I love the ambiance of Mabel's, old school decor, reminds me of places in NYC, not Scottsdale.  The staff is all extremely friendly and helpful with menu questions.  Rent out their speakeasy room for a private party, you and your guests will not be disappointed.
2	First, I have to say I loved the atmosphere. This establishment was well put together. The only reason why I am giving it two stars. A couple of friends and I went here after having dinner down the street. I have seen this place and wanted to try it. So, I convinced my dinner companions to stop off for one last drink. It was before 9, and the doorman was extremely friendly and let me in even though I had on cargo shorts. We were met by a server (could have been the bartender) who I asked about seating. He lackadaisically told us we could sit in any of the unreserved booths. The only problem was it seemed like everywhere we looked there were reserved cards. So, I had to be persistent about getting a booth that was not reserved (only one table was available). He sighed and acted annoyed we were there and asked for his help. In fact, it seemed like he did not want us to bother him at all.We sat down at a nice leather booth and waited for our waitress...and waited...and waited... Finally we asked another waitress to get our server. She finally showed up and was very nice. But, when I asked her about the drink menu she was hesitant to offer any choices and did not ask what I liked and did not offer any help. I saw an old fashion on the menu, a personal favorite, and ordered away. 15 minutes went by before we received out drinks. No lie here. We timed it after about 10 minutes passed. Our server did not deliver our drinks, nor did she come back and ask how they were. In fact, I did not see her the rest of the time we were there. We were there for over an hour. On a side note, I have had tasted some great old fashions before and this one was sub par. Nothing special for a $12.00 drink. So, I waited...and waited....and waited some more to order another drink. No one came by and asked if we wanted more drinks or even if our current drinks were good. So, one of my buddies had to go up to the bar to pay for our bill and we left. I can hear the syncs, what makes me qualified to write this review? Well my wife and I are foodies and enjoy fine dining. Also, I am a small retail owner who prides himself on customer service. I value Yelp as a tool to review my business and ask the same of others. I hope the owner of Mabel's on Main sees this and takes a hard look at their wait staff and if they want to keep their doors open.
5	I loved the classy decor!  The bartender was very friendly and recommended a delicious cocktail.  I can't wait to go back and try some more cocktails and food next time!
5	Love love love Mabel's! It has by far the best atmosphere of any bar/lounge in Old Town Scottsdale and the drinks are awesome. I haven't eaten there yet, but what I saw of the food looked good too. I always get a Pimm's Cup and my boyfriend is a big fan of the Vioux Carre. The bartenders are really good and can make almost any drink. The best part is that their happy hour goes until 9 and with food starting at $3 and drinks at $5.
4	A wonderful find in Old Town Scottsdale. I went in expecting a very formal bar but was quite surprised with the Classy look and informal appeal. I was told to dress well by friends but did find other patrons in their shorts, so I guess that is not a requirement.The service was wonderful and the staff was very friendly. They had wonderful drinks. My wife had the mojito and it was darn good. I had 4 black label on the rocks and can vouch that I was pretty tipsy by the end of the day.The Mac N Cheese was really great. We also had some deviled eggs and chicken lollipops which were good
4	I've been to Mabel's a handful of times for happy hour. The bartenders have always been really friendly and have made me some awesome off-menu drinks (with the exception of one guy who critized both me and my friend's drink orders, but I haven't come across him there again). I'm obsessed with their filet bites (really well-marinated with a side of horseradish dip). The decor is swanky... dark wood, brick walls, and chandeliers. And of course there's the penny covered bathroom floor too!
2	Ew, Mables gave me a Pretty Woman complex! Walking around Old Town Scottsdale at 4pm, a group of 7 of us (very well-dressed) walked into Mables looking to have drinks & lunch. Before we even close the door the bartender yells rudely "NO, SORRY YOU DON'T MEET DRESS CODE, NO HATS OR SLEEVE-LESS SHIRTS. BYE!"  Excuse meeee?! "I have money to spend here!" Oh Julia Roberts, where were you when we needed you...big mistake..HUGE.We ended up going to R&R and having a great time.
3	Went to Mabel's for Happy Hour the day before July 4th (err, that would be July 3rd). Very quiet, pre-holiday crowd. Service was prompt and very good. Cocktails were a bit disappointing, I had a sazerac which was fair and an old-fashioned (even though I hate it when they dilute good whiskey with soda in an old-fashioned, which this place did). Appetizers were fair....the deviled eggs "with caviar" were mostly sans caviar, which was a bummer. The butter lettuce salad was decent. 4 stars for service, 3 for cocktails, 3 for food. Maybe just hit an off-night, I'll give 'em another chance.
4	If you're into the television show Mad Men, you should love Mabel's on Main.The classy bar is a great little spot in Old Town Scottsdale, with a large bar in the center of the big dining room surrounded by plush leather seats, brick walls and chandeliers. Swanky is the best way to describe it, and it's a great relaxed atmosphere more suited for the cocktailing scene than eating.I say that because when I went there around 8 p.m. on a Wednesday night, my friend and I were the only ones eating (she had a Mabels Deviled Burger [$14], while I had a salad with golden beets [$7].)It's interesting the spot is owned by Chef Aaron May, because he's so talented in the kitchen, and you would think the menu would be bigger. It's very simple and small, with cocktails taking center stage. I did love my salad, though, even if it makes me miss May's creations at the now-closed Sol y Sombra in Scottsdale.Cocktail-wise, I had The Redux, with St. Germain Elderflower Liquor, champagne and Cazadores Blanco. It was light and fizzy and strong.Other interesting choices (they're all $11) included "The" Old Fashioned, with bourbon, orange, cherry and bitters, and the Dark and Stormy, with Goslings Rum and Ginger Beer.For how pretty of a place it is, the service was laid-back and fun, and the crowd was the same, not stuffy. And if you're in the mood to pretend you're part of the cast of Mad Men, it's great, too.
4	Mabel's was a nice bar on Main Street in Scottsdale. There were no lines to get it, no cover, and the inside was not crowded. The bar is in the middle with plenty of seating along the wall and around the bar. There was also a small DJ station and a small dance floor.Drinks were good and unique. Most of the their dirnks on the cocktail menu were whiskey or gin based. They run about $10-11 per drink. It seems expensive for Arizona, but cheap compared to LA!There is a lot of street parking and many taxis waiting outside, if needed.
5	Well made drinks and tasty gastropub-ian sorts of foods.   I've seen folks lament that this isn't a restaurant.  I don't think that's what Mabel's is intended to be and it shouldn't be judged on that basis.  You can certainly make a great meal of the appetizers, I've done this many times, but, Mabel's is where you go for a great drink, appetizer before or after dinner.  Or to just hang out with friends and enjoy yourself.  Mabels is a place you can have a good talk, or just enjoy being together.  A "Cheers " of sortsMabel's highlights are its carefully crafted drinks and tasty appetizer plates.  It's rare to find bars that make drinks properly.  All too often bartenders are sloppy with the ingredients, quantities, and alcohol.  I like a well made drink, and don't need any favors of extra alcohol overpowering the drink. This doesn't happen at Mabel's.  The drinks are soo good in fact it's easy to order more than you should.I really like the deviled eggs.
2	The sheer number of Yelp reviews had me intrigued, but my experience was that this place may be a bit over-rated. Not a dinner place in my humble opinion.  Lots of interesting bar food, and a well stocked bar, but way too dark inside.We must have been there too early 6:30 for the music others have mentioned.I think two stars sums it up fairly.
5	If you want a perfectly made drink...and you live in America...this is your place. I started off with a couple martinis---blessed is Ketel One. Also, I do not like gin due to a number of young mistakes. The bartender assured me that he could make me a gin drink I would love. Hendrick's gin, cilantro, and a few ingredients later, and I gulped that sucker down in no time. This place just feels classic, and like a good man it feels like it knows exactly what it's doing. As far as the food--I only had the blue cheese stuffed olives that were in my martinis--like everything else, they were perfect.
3	When you get right down to it, Mabel's on Main is a bar...not a restaurant. And a very very dark bar at that. I was expecting more based on the number of raving yelp reviews, but alas, Yelpers, you let me down! The food was interesting, but not anything I've not had before at other places--just not the usual bar fare. At least I think not...it was so darn dark, I could barely see my husband sitting across from me and it was 6:30PM! And it is because of that that I can't really comment on the decor because I really couldn't see it! Our server seemed nice and was prompt with our service. The drinks were good, but nothing that I haven't had before elsewhere. The bathroom was interesting with all the pennies glued to the floor....the lighting was way better in there. At least now I can say I've been to Mabel's....and I likely won't go back mostly because there are other places in Scottsdale that are more worthy of a repeat visit.
1	Be careful when you order happy hour drinks! Don't open a tab! Last night, we went to celebrate a friend who graduated and is leaving the country, and came at the beginning of the 7-9 happy hour. We were a pretty large group, and our waitress was very attentive, ensuring that we all had fresh drinks when required. My boyfriend and I each had two old fashioneds (olds fashioned?), which were watered down and full of ice, but for $5 we weren't complaining. However, when we requested our check at 9:15 (fifteen minutes after happy hour ended), our waitress gave us a group check for almost $300, with everyone charged full price for their drinks. When we complained, she said that she had no way of knowing what time any of us ordered our drinks, so she couldn't give us the happy hour prices, even though we had been there for two hours. Suddenly, what should have been a $20 check became $74, including an outrageous auto-gratuity. This may not matter to the typical Old Town Scottsdale crowd, but we are graduate students and can't afford a bar tab like that. So, thanks, Mabel's, for stealing my food budget for the week. With every bowl of ramen, I'll think of you.
5	This is a beautiful bar!  I like the dark woods, brick walls, and large seating areas.  It has a nice dark ambiance that is great for a bar.  It also has a very large bar in the middle with seating on all sides.  We enjoyed sitting at a table that was elevated higher than the bar area.  It added that cozy feel and a more personal setting at a smaller table.The drinks were excellent and luckily I checked in and enjoyed a Yelp offer!  I got 2 drinks for 50% off.  That was excellent since I enjoyed both of my drinks, the Mayan Prophecy and the Dead Reviver 2.  Both are excellent drinks and I would suggest you try them.  I also asked for recommended dishes and we enjoyed Tuna Carpacciao which is seared.  It also had avocado and Mandarin oranges.  I was impressed with the Mandarin oranges, added a different taste that I have yet experienced.Another great dish was the bites of filet.  We had to entice the waitress to bring medium rare since they really wanted to bring out medium.  Please try in medium rare, it was excellent.  The horse radish sauce was good, but the filet was well seasoned so no sauce was just as good.If you are ever out in Scottsdale and you are enjoying the art walk stop by Mabel's on Main.  Excellent food, great mixed drinks, and best of all a great bar feel.  I must also compliment the staff, excellent service, we all had a great time.
4	Love the vibe of this place. It's fun and chill and can have a good crowd. Didn't get to try too much of the food, but what I did try, the mac and cheese, was really yummy and the wine selection wasn't bad and the fact that they had happy hour certainly doesn't hurt either. My friend had a table for his birthday and it was really great and the staff was super. And the music was pretty good and there was a place to actually dance if you wanted to. It's a place worth going to when you're looking for dinner and drinks or an alternative to the usual dance clubs in Old Town.
4	After a fun evening of looking at art, my friends and I decided to go have a quick drink.  We just happened to part right next to Mabel's on Main.  I loved it as soon as I walked in.  It was one of those classic dark bars, playing somber 60's heartbreak song.  You know, drink all night long songs.  I loved it!  If only it had lasted all night.  Towards the end of the evening, the music had changed to more lively music.  I loved that all the wood was so dark, as well as the leather seats.  We sat against the wall in the raised area.  Service, I will say, was a bit slow.  We probably would have ordered more drinks if they had come quicker.  One good thing was that there was a yelp check-in offer.  I think it was buy 1 cocktail get one free.  We also ordered food.  We had the filet mignon tips....we had to send them back the first time, but when they came back, they were good.I will be back!
4	LOVE that they do a happy hour on Saturday night. I just happened to come upon Mabel's and saw a sign that HH lasted until 9pm. They have a great menu for small snacks and also some good HH prices on alcohol. I really like the ambiance in Mabel's too. It got pretty crowded around 10, but I would definitely go again for food & drinks.
5	Great bar! I did not try any food but the drinks were great and the vibe is a refreshing change from the typical Scottsdale bars.
4	Service could have been a little quicker, but the servers were very friendly.  They convinced me to become a fan of whiskey by serving me a Terrific Mint Julep.Within a group we tried the prime rib & tuna carpaccio; All Delicious!  There was a hiccup with the first order of prime rib bits, but they were nice about getting a new batch served up. The decor reminded me of those swanky bars of old.  Hand-tooled leather booths and chairs with chandeliers, candlelight, dark wood surfaces and a full bar.  They offer drinks made with absinthe and mescal.  It's comparable to a local bar back home in Fullerton, Ca. (The Continental) that is rumored to have been a speakeasy back in the day. If you're looking for a dark and clean bar that serves dinner, this is the place.
4	I LOVE that happy hour is until 9:00, which makes it nice for the people that can't get off work at 5:00. Serivce could be much quicker. I really liked the ambiance in Mabel's and the coward of people it draws it great. It's a fun place to hang out.
4	I can add Mabel's to my "REALLY pissed at myself for not trying sooner" list and to my forthcoming "Scottsdale for grown-ups" list. The inside is CLASSY with a dark mahogany bar, plush leather armchairs and a fireplace nicely decorated for Christmas. It reminds me of the parlour of the stately English manner owned by that distant wealthy English uncle whom I don't yet know exists (and will someday leave to me). The service is very professional and friendly and the jazz playing in the background adds to the classy ambiance will make you want to linger and absorb. Best of all....their Happy Hour goes until 9:00pm during the week. Their "matinee" menu has a great selection of tapas dishes (Mac n' Cheese, Meatballs, Deviled Eggs, mini-Angus Burgers), cocktails and some fantastic wine selections all prices that won't empty your wallet.This is really a gem in Scottsdale and a great place to come cozy up away from the bar scene.
5	I'm upgrading them to 5 stars. Had a HELL of a time downing Goulets and other wonderful concoctions made up by our gracious bartender, 'Chele who took great care of us artfully mixing alcoholic wonders for us. I am sad to hear that she's leaving because you could not ask for a better bartender.Throw in some great food (Swedish Meatballs, Soft Pretzel Sticks, Sliders) and an appearance by "Mob Wives" for some fake reality, I think I've found my bar in Scottsdale.My head and liver regretted it the next morning, but it was a great time!
3	Drinks are flashy and entertaining. Not all of them exactly delicious and a little pricey for my taste. The bartender gave me the wrong bill, luckily I caught it, and he corrected it promptly, but no apology. The people seemed nice enough, but an older crowd. I will be visiting again, I really liked the interior decor. They did an outstanding job making sure they kept their theme and the staff was appropriatly dressed. TLDR; Amazing atmosphere, a super date-place.
5	It started off as a crush, but now I think I am in love.  I went here for the first time on a  'Girl's Night Out'.  It was fun, with a great atmosphere, pretty people and good service.  Then there was a loooooong gap in time and Mabel's had faded away as a mere distant memory of a cute bar I once went to.  Then, finally, a few happy hours and I eventually met Chele.  She is the amazing bartender who wooed me many an evening at Mabel's with her bartending prowess and dazzling gin drinks.  Unfortunately, for all of you reading this now, she has left for New York city to concur the bar scene there and I wish her the best.  My favorite Chele conversation: "I have always worked in speakeasy kind of places since I started bartending, so I know lots of old-timer drinks and martinis, but the down side is I don't really know the 'younger' drinks."  And I say, "Well, what do you mean?" And Chele replies, "Well, this college girl once ordered a Tic-Tac, and I asked what is in a Tic-Tac.  And the college girl replied in her most valley voice possible, "how do you NOT know what is in a tic-tac, it is an 'ASU-thing'''...and what did Chele say??? "Well honey this is not ASU"  Priceless, and what makes it better is I don't think Chele is much older than 25!  Man, I am going to miss her.So, this is not even the climax yet.  I also stumbled in another random Tuesday evening to witness the filming of Mob Wives.  Not that I am a Mob Wives fan but it was funny to watch 'reality' TV being arranged...Finally, the point this relationship really turned into love was right before Christmas.  I was out on a cold Thursday night with 2 of my girlfriends, whom I had not seen in a long time.  The beginning of the night had been ruined at another drinking establishment, and the evening seemed to have been forgone and Mabel's was our last hope.  We must have looked defeated as we walked in the door, because after we sat down a fine gentleman came over to ask what we were drinking.  I looked at him closely and thought, he does not look like a server...it was one of the owners.  He introduced us to our fabulous waitress, Christina I think, and our evening was perfect from that point forth.  We also met the General Manager who was just as outstanding.  After 3 hours of many cocktails, shooters, good times and a cab ride later, I knew I had found my new favorite bar in Old Town.
3	Made reservations based on solid reviews and strong photos.  It was a Weds night at 7:30P. Food - 5 StarsService - 4 StarsAtmosphere - 2 Stars (that night) A good basic loungey space if a bit dated IMHO (the lighting would help fix this) but dead.  I mean, two couples (guys) at the bar and one oddly out of place schlumpy couple at a table.  That was really surprising based on the location and reviews.  It was the week after new years so understandable...plus the Fiesta Bowl in town.That said, excellent bartender (the young woman) who was friendly and sharp.  A guy whom I presume was the owner came over and told us about their offerings a bit.  That was a good move as we otherwise would've had one drink and left post-haste.Ordered Deviled Eggs with Caviar topping and Tuna 'Carpaccio'.  VERY good!  Really excellent preparations.  Had there been a better crowd for our mood, we would've definitely tried other things.Give it a try.
2	Ok, so this place was fun for the people-watching, and I like the atmosphere.  But it's WAY too loud, and it's silly that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays!  Also, the bartenders are rude.  My boyfriend had never had an old-fashioned the way they made it, and he asked about it and the bartender was totally rude to him and insisted that the way they made it was the RIGHT way.  I was looking forward to checking this place out, but probably will not be back again.
4	The epitome of old school cool. The decor and feel of Mabel's is elegant and unique. They've got the whole speakeasy, lost-era look going for them, and it's going well! Be ready for a wait if you're not early. This place is a hot spot for Scottsdale's finest, but also its sleaziest. I came in on a Friday night around 10 and had to squeeze up to the bar. Luckily we found an empty table to hang out for a bit. Looking around the room, ladies were dressed in flapper outfits and guys in tuxedos. My gf wondered, "are people dressed like this every night!?" You've also got the typical drunk Scottsdale crowd pouring in to see what the fuss is about. That can make for a pretty packed, loud and somewhat obnoxious environment for a such a classy place.The dirty martini I ordered was darn good and I wish we had stayed longer to check out the back room with the false bookshelf entrance. This is the kind of bar to visit on an off-night when you can really kick back and enjoy the hip, yet charming experience.
2	One would think that finding a decent happy hour location in Old Town Scottsdale would be easy, but in fact, it is not. There are places that seem to have great prices, or great atmosphere, or great food, but it seems none of them ever go together. Why is that?!Recently, we visited Mabel's on Main, which is located on (wait for it), Main Street in Old Town Scottsdale. Mabel's is typically a great bar to check out on a Friday or Saturday night if you are looking for a club-like atmosphere, but not real busy during the week. Some may appreciate that, especially for happy hour. The rectangle bar is located in the middle of the space, surrounded by dark woods, leather booths and a few dining tables. It's quite dark and dingy, which lends to the loungy atmosphere. The service is always friendly and attentive, which is good. But it's the food on their happy hour list that needs improvement. And be careful to try to understand how their happy hour operates when you look it up online. Their website boasts that their is in fact a happy hour menu, and their Wednesday special is $20 bottles of wine. Sounds too good to be true, right? Well, it is. Once we got there, turns out that you can't order the $20 bottle of wine AND also enjoy the happy hour food prices. You can only have one or the other. What? Isn't saving money the point of happy hour for customers?Anyway, of the 13 items on their happy hour "matinee" menu, we tried four. First we ordered the butter lettuce with beets and sherry vinaigrette, but sadly, they said they were all out. Didn't they just open? Okay, so next, after needing more time to reconvene our decision, we started with the deviled eggs three ways. You get six, and we have to say, they are just okay, they don't suck, but it's not like you couldn't make them at home the same. Moving on, we tried the wedge salad. I traded the blue cheese dressing for the sherry vinaigrette on the side, but my friend stuck with the blue cheese, which was literally drowning the lettuce. Honestly, wedge salads are so boring and have no nutritional value. I would be much more impressed if they offered a spinach salad option.Oh, let me mention here that of all the options on their menu, the ONLY vegetable choices were the butter lettuce and wedge salad. Not cool for someone who wants to stay away from bread and is trying to consume more veggies. Anyway, I digress. We also ordered the Swedish meatballs and the chicken lollipops. The meatballs were decent, but small, but tasty. The chicken lollipops were poorly described on the menu, only indicating that they came with a house ranch sauce. I had imagined some chicken skewers coming out with a tasty dip, but that was definitely not the case. What showed up was four fat little drumsticks, buffalo wing style. By that I mean that they were covered and cooked in some sort of buffalo sauce. This should have been mentioned on the menu, because I do not like anything buffalo sauce flavored. And their ranch sauce was pitiful, in taste and amount supplied, so I had to dig into my friends extra slop of blue cheese dressing left behind from her wedge.Other menu choices we could have picked included flatbreads, burgers, grilled cheese, mac n' cheese and soft pretzels. All great bar food I suppose, but then why the dining tables? However, what I will say is that if you like this type of food then the happy hour prices are definitely right, ranging from $4 to $11. And glasses of select wine for only $5. We walked out of there having two appetizers and two glasses of wine for only $22 each. Not a bad deal. I was just disappointed in my food intake. I really don't like to be disappointed about that. It's the one thing I hope to count on when I go out. Unfortunately, we decided we probably won't be back there anytime soon for their happy hour food.
5	Fantastic bar with excellent bartenders who know how to craft very good cocktails.  Celebrate the night with a Last Word - a fantastic cocktail that you'd never expect a place to know - but this place did!  Their deviled eggs, at happy hour prices, are a great deal.
5	Great atmosphere and food!
3	I really enjoy Mabel's On Main. The Happy Hour is fantastic because it goes until 9pm and the drinks are really good.  I give it 3 stars because the serves is slow and the waitresses are "short".  I was there Friday Night when a friend of mine asked for a menu and the waitress rolled her eyes.
3	About as pretentious as it gets in Scottsdale. Dark and noisy. Expensive drinks. Not really my kinda a place. But if you're into that kind of thing...
2	I've been here a few times now. Bartenders, you make a great drink. And you're nice. Until I show you my Yelp check in deal and for some reason, my check is never correct. My last two visits have been this way. The first time was an undoubtedly a mistake, but the 2nd time-not so much. I'm sorry. I know I'm not your typical uppity Scottsdale clientele-but I'm a Yelp check in addict. And if they're going to give me a deal on drinks, I'm going to use it. I get the look of annoyance upon correcting you. The last time I was there, I tried to use my check in deal. I opened a tab with a credit card, and when I went to go close it-the bartender just swiped my card without letting me know how much my tab was and also, didn't acknowledge me trying to get his attention when I tried to let him know I had a check in deal. When he gave me the tab, I let him know about it and he acted like there was nothing he could do about it because he already ran the card. Until I said I was trying to get his attention and he ignored me-then magically he could void that charge. On a more positive note, I do like Mabel's. The atmosphere is great, it's definitely classy and upscale. The customer service is very inconsistent. I understand that when I come it's pretty busy, but you really shouldn't expect for the customer to keep a running total in their head of their tab and just run their card when they ask to close it.
2	Came to this spot during spring training. The music and crowd was good but the bartender in the black kangol hat was really rude. We order 3 drinks; 2 mandarin cram and one blueberry stoli and sprite. My friend my the blueberry stoli and sprite had to bring her drink back two times because it didn't taste right (taste like vodka and soda). He insisted she order a vodka and soda (although she didn't ) and eventually remade it for her. Instead of putting the drink in front of her or handing it to her he drop it in front of her and said here you go! This type of service is not acceptable and although the vibe of the restaurant was fun we left because of the way the bartender made us feel. We didn't eat but the two mandarin vodka andcran were ok. Next spring training we will not comeBack here.
5	How have I never reviewed this place? Oh wait. I know. Because I don't want all you Old Town Douchers crowding my spot. I love this place so much. It's a definite escape from the regular Old Town bars. I def feel a lot more classy when i walk into this joint...as in I'm not going to get my ass grinded on by some fool sweatin out his molly. They have great drinks. The bartenders, excuse me I mean, Mixologists know their stuff. I decided recently that I love gin. And they have such an amazing gin cocktail. It's called the Goule. There's fresh basil in it. bomb.com. Have a few of those in a night. Be careful, they go down real easy but they pack a punch. I haven't had a full on meal here - just a bunch of shared apps and drinks and that's more than enough to keep this girl happy. The grilled cheese has prosciutto. Winning. So there's a secret room in the back where the book case is. I haven't been in there and I feel like I'd look a little silly tugging on all the books trying to figure out which one opens the secret door, but get enough Goule's in me and I might just do it. I know you can rent it out privately which I'm sure could be a real good time. Could get a lil weird. But I don't hate it.
4	Classic Charm.  Hang out with your friends here.  This Bar / Restaurant has a classic back east bar feel with chandeliers, wood floors and leather through out.  The servers were very attentive and the drinks and food were enjoyable. A comfortable place to socialize, whether young or old.  They have a great private room for events, complete with a one- way mirror and concealed bookshelf door. Old Town is lucky to have this venue.
3	I went here for happy hour on a Friday night. I thought the decor was really cool. It looks like the kind of place in which old-timey mobsters would have hung out. The service was really good and the drinks were a solid OK. The food was the biggest letdown of the evening. We ordered just about every HH appetizer and there was nothing bad and nothing really good either.
5	Cool atmosphere, great food, tasty drinks, and amazing service. Get a reservation because this place fills up. We got the tuna dish, flatbread pizza, and grilled cheese. All of it was amazing, and the tuna was the best thing I've eaten in a while. Our waitress, Megan was awesome, friendly, and delightful. I will certainly come back.
5	The food here in this quaint little neighborhood place in Old Town Scottsdale is excellent.  Very friendly service from Clint behind the bar who is the absolute Master of the Manhattan cocktail.  If you are a Manhattan lover, just let Clint do his thing!
5	My husband and I ventured to Mabel's after day drinking at other happy hours. We were intrigued by Mabel's because their happy hour runs until 9 p.m. The place is amazing decor and ambiance-wise. We were seated promptly at the bar where we chatted for hours with fellow drinkers and the bar staff.I had a coupon for a free cocktail, which the bartender made especially for me based off my likes/dislikes. I also had a Local Dines giftcard. So we were able to order a lot of booze for a nice price.We tried an array of cocktails and beers and loved every single one. The Goulet was my absolute favorite.The place definitely got busy as the night progressed, so cashing out involved a bit of patience, but we didn't mind. The bartenders had been phenomenal all night, even letting me charge my iPhone, so I'll happily give them patience.Definitely one of my new favorite places to drink in Scottsdale.
4	I'd say this place is a 4.5/5 but definitely deserves to be rounded up to a 5 if not for the inconsistent service.One of the best happy hours I've ever enjoyed!!!  More on that below!Atmosphere: 4/5  Brick walls, old fashioned dark wood, old fashioned glass chandeliers, large bar in center with larges booths, few small 2-4 person tables around the wall surrounding the bar.  the lighting was on the dimmer-side which was nice.  Bartenders in vests/1920's-esque attire.  waitresses = too much make-up and dressed on the skanky side which put a dent in the classy/suave vibe.  We loved the music.  we arrived around 7pm and the music was folk styled rock which was perfect whilst sipping on an old fashioned.  During the night the music morphed into legit techno beats which were perfect because the place got more crowded and we got more drunk. (I believe they had a DJ there that night who did a great job mixing well known trance songs).Service: 3.5/4We were promptly seated but then had to wait 20 minutes for anyone to  stop by our table.  This was fine because we were in no rush and wouldn't have been a negative at all if the rest of the night the service was as expected.  The first two hours service was lightning fast and efficient, we had arrived around 6:45 and happy hour ends around 9. At about 8:40 the server basically vanished and did not re appear until 9:15 which ended perfectly for her and the bar as our drinks went from 6$/drink to 12$/drink and the food we ordered thereafter doubled in price.  We both were under the impression that the server did this on purpose because the place was about half empty by 8:45-8:50 and servers in a place like this always come ask if you'd like anything else prior to happy hour ending. Food 4.5/5We had the items below:Pretzels  5+/5Three-way deviled eggs  4.5/5Wedge salad   5+/5Deviled burger 4/5As you can see everything was well executed and tasted great.  The burger was a good burger but I had higher expectations becasue of its name and ingredients, was expecting soemthing more... it was still a Drinks 5/5We had 6 old fashions (3 each)  All were amazing.  This is our go-to drink at good bars and this place has one of the best I've ever had.  If you are familiar with PDT in NYC this or Green Russel in  Denver, CO this old fashioned is comparable and may slightly surpass these two other amazing speakeasy styled bars.  Other drinks looked great but had to stick to the good ole' old fashionedHappy hour: Unbelievable happy hour, we ate a full meal and had 6 drinks for a total of 81$ (before tip).  if our server hadn't pulled a fast one on the happy ending timing the total bill would have been around 60!  simply amazing deal for what you get and the atmosphere.Definitely coming back next time I'm in scottsdale!  If you love speakeasy and/or bombastic libations.  This place is a must-go if you're in town.
3	We visited San Francisco and found Mabel's on Main solely because they were having a Mad Men Viewing Party on Sunday for the Season Premiere. We didn't try any of the food offered on the menu, since their kitchen was closed, but they did offer a few appetizers. We tried a house cocktail - The Goulet - which was basically a gin gimlet with basil, but there was no basil flavor and the drink was severely watered down from the ice. However, if we came back to Phoenix, we would probably come back - the decor and staff were awesome.
3	I went here tonight with a group after we went on our Art Walk. We sat a a nice table outside. We were starving and everything on the menu looked good. I ordered mac n cheese and chicken lollipops. Luckily I had good company and we had alot to chat about because it took over an hour for our food to come out. In fact the waitress brought us a complimentary cheese plate and cocktails because the food was taking so long. I had a cocktail called the Penicillin which was good. I also had a glass of Reisling and that also was good. Eventually our food did come out. Well some of it, I never got my mac n cheese. But the chicken lollipop was so good and succulent. The presentation was great too. The best thing about that dish was the blue cheese, it was so good I wanted to bring some home. Definitely worth going back for the blue cheese. The service was nice, she was very polite and apologetic about the delay with our food. Like I said, I would go back for the blue cheese, hopefully it wouldn't take as long next time. I felt like they went above and beyond to make sure we left happy.
4	This is my favorite spot for happy hour in Scottsdale, if not PHX as a whole. Their drinks are well thought-out and made with love. They have the BEST Old Fashioned that I've ever had - a must order, while you're here. Their food is always delicious, too. Order the grilled cheese. Scratch that - order 2 of them. I promise you'll be glad you did. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars right now is simply because of inconsistent service. Some evenings you'll have the best waitstaff or bartender ever, and other times you'll feel invisible. Fingers crossed that you get a good waiter/bartender (which does happen about 7/10 times) and you won't be disappointed. The few times I've had bad service didn't feel malicious, though. The waitresses simply seemed scatterbrained. I sorta just wanted to pat them on the head and say "Aw, at least you're pretty".All in all, a great spot that I'd highly recommend checking out!
4	This place is great, the atmosphere is swanky old school style-- if you have ever been to LA and have gone to this great 30s style bar called The Edison, or the fine dining place in Seattle called 13 Coins, this place is right on par with that cool style.I thought they offered a full menu for dinner, buuuuut they don't. I went here for an anniversary, so dinner would have been nice, but the appetizers were really good!We had the flatbread pizza and it was soooooo good (really cheesy though, so if you're not a cheese person, then pass on it)the filet bites were really great and I recommend them!We didn't have the swedish meatballs, but just so you know, you only get four per order, so they're not good for sharing with a large group.The shrimp cocktail was good, but they went a little overboard with the horseradish in the cocktail sauce-- I love horseradish and it was a little much for me.  It was like, if you wanted to get the taste of the cocktail sauce, the horseradish accosted your sinuses, and if you tried to not get as much horseradish in your face, you couldn't taste the cocktail sauce! Oy.The drinks were GREAT.GREAT.I had a white russian and my boyfriend had a vodka martini and both were perfect.PERFECT.And strong, so try and take a taxi instead of driving, no one wants to hang out at Sheriff Joe's tent city in pink underwear...
2	Oh Mabel's how you have failed me. We were regulars here. Well, not regulars exactly, but monthly patrons. This last time was a joke! It was a Friday night and we chose to sit outside. Bad mistake! We ordered drinks and food but the food never made it to the table. We got our drinks, waited an hour and still no food. Server told us to wait when we were clearly annoyed and ready to leave to get dinner. 5min later the so called manager came up, again as we were literally leaving, and apologized for the wait. Offered to pay for food but came back out 5min later to say it wasn't ready yet... Two stars is gracious as I do like the cocktails. Service however is awful! Maybe just don't sit outdoor as clearly you will be forgotten.
5	I came here for happy hour on a Tuesday and had the pleasure of having Justin as our bartender. He was personable and speedy with making our drinks. Plus, when we didn't even know what we wanted to drink, he brought the perfect drinks over. The drinks and food were awesome! Service was amazing! We can't wait to go back there!
5	Our party of 5 stopped in for happy hour before going to a performance at the Scottsdale Center for the Arts.  The decor is very cool....red brick, dark wood and red velvet drapes.  Three of us had old fashions, which were wonderful, and the other 2 had wine. The appetizers were very good and filling.  We had 2 different flatbreads, 2 beet salads, chicken lollipops and macaroni and cheese.  The bill was very reasonable for everything we had.  We're happy to find a new haunt.
4	Excellent Coctails!
4	Yes! This is what a bar should be: Tufted vinyl booths up on risers, dark woods, good martinis, and good deals on happy hour foodstuffs. It's the sort of homey, relaxed ambiance that makes it easy to relax. Great as the first or last stop on a date night. Go here and use the Yelp deals.
4	Only stopped in for a cocktail, and was very impressed with the service and creativity...after looking over the cocktail list I couldn't put my finger on what I wanted and the bartender (Casey) went to work from there.  Some fresh herbs were sitting barside and I asked what he could make with Basil...after we identified Bourbon as the base he asked my preferences for sweet, sour, bitter, etc.  He conjoured up what I can describe as one of the best bourbon cocktails I have ever had...it consisted of muddled Basil, lemon juice, Cynar, a homemade chipotle simple syrup with maple extract and of course the Bourbon.  I've had my fair share of $12+ drinks and must say for the quality and atmosphere of this one tops the list.  Great job!!
2	Passable, but underwhelming. Perhaps I screwed myself by reading glowing Yelp reviews and expected much more, but the place smacked more of "trashy" (in line with other Old Town places) and less "classy." Aside from the decor, not much classy about it. Skeevy/douchey dudes just hovering? Check. Sticky floors from booze? Check. Drunk idiots abound? Check. Oddly enough, on a Friday around 10pm, it was pretty empty (yet all of these things still existed). Perhaps it's more of a happy hour spot, but something with the place wasn't working.
3	I have been to Mabel's on Main multiple time for drinks and I liked the atmosphere and drink options. They have a really good happy hour. My husband and I attended last night and had a terrible experience. I had purchased a living social and needed to use it before it expired. When we walked in the place it was busy and sat at a high top table. It took 10 minutes to be acknowledged and to get water and 20 minutes for our waitress to come to our table. When she arrived we asked for a beer menu and she said she would return. After waiting 5 mintues, I went to the bar which was literally 5 steps from our table. I didn't mind getting the menu from the bar, but the waitress could have easily gotten one from the bar when we requested one. After 35 minutes of us arriving we finally received our drinks. We ordered 3 entree items and received them in a timely manner, well 2 of them at least. When she dropped off the food, she asked if we needed anything else. Ummm, yes we need roll ups, plates and our deviled eggs. She returned with the plates and roll ups and no mention of the deviled eggs. The Tuna carpaccio and wedge salad were fantastic. We finally received our 3rd item, deviled eggs 20 minutes after the rest of items. My husband and I have both worked in the restaurant industry and were definitely disappointed. In the waitresse's defense she was really busy, but  what really pissed me off was the 4 bartenders behind the bar. Most of our time there they were standing around behind the bar not doing anything. It would have been helpful if a manager or bartender helped out the wait staff when they weren't busy. I constantly looked around the restaurant to see how the other patrons appeared to doing and it looked like a lot of tables were experiencing the same as us. I will be back, but I think that the staff needs to help each other out and in return giving the customer a pleasant experience.
2	I was very pleasantly surprised as I walked in.  It was a hot, bright sunny summer afternoon and what a nice contrast was provided.This place was dark and cool (my wife said she was freezing, but she always is) and it reminded me of a 100 year old bar in San Francisco.  Think dark wood, red velvet drapes, chandeliers and upholstered furniture.The menu is small but inspired.  The portions are small but the prices very reasonable.  The drinks were quite creative with exotic ingredients, but at about $12 each, they should be something special.Why just 2 stars??The service was just insanely slow.  EVERYTHING took FOR-EV-ER.When we were seated, another couple was nearby.  They said, "get comfortable, you will be here for a really long time"   We ordered 2 drinks and 2 simple appetizers.My drink took about 15 minutes.  My wife's drink followed about 10 minutes later.The 2 sliders and a tiny flatbread took close to an hour from when we ordered.  We ordered another round of drinks about one hour into our stay.  Meanwhile, the other couple was waiting and waiting and waiting to pay.  They had been there over 2 hours but did not want to be, that's just how long it took. Finally, they went and got a menu,  calculated their own bill, added the estimated tax and just left a pile of cash asking us to explain it in the unlikely event the server ever returned.She came around and after waiting 45 minutes for the second drinks that never came, I just handed her my cash and said  "I'm leaving".  We were there over 2 hours and half of our stuff never even arrived.That is the thing I can stand the least: leaving a restaurant feeling angry at the waste of your time, the contempt shown for your enjoyment and wondering why a night of your life was wasted hoping for some server to grace you with their glance.  We went home, warmed up some leftovers and made our own drinks.
4	I really enjoyed Mabel's. we got there early enough to get a table, but it wasn't completely empty. It definitely filled up shortly there after. All of the staff was very nice. Never felt like they hated their job or the two woman using a Yelp deal. I enjoyed the DJ. He played stuff I haven't heard in a really long time and it was fun to get up and dance for a bit since the staff accommodated for the crowd. The only bad I would say is there was a photographer there that took a really cute pic of us and told us to check the website for it. The pics haven't been updated since 2011 on the website.
5	This place was top-notch speak easy-esque classy. The decor is chic and romantic. The ambiance was perfect and the DJ was spinning beats that created the mood. The bartenders are fun to watch. You can't visit Scottsdale without checking this place out. Good times!
4	I have been a few times and yet I guess I have never written a review. It is a nice laid back little place and would be great for a date night. Their mac and cheese as well as there beet salad is delicious and even better if you come during happy hour. Same for the drinks, they can be pricey but they are very good. If you are in the area, come and check them out. It can get busy but again it is a great place for a date night!
5	great place to grab a solid cocktail and soak up some ambiance. i really dig the giant, high-backed leather chairs and the comfy sofas. the pimm's cup(s) that i had were really refreshing, lemony, and made me a happy camper. it was also the first time that i've ever had a really decent manhattan :). whiskey sours are also killer here.a really nice place to grab a drink before dinner. i do know they serve food here but have a limited menu that would do just fine for happy hour.
4	Cool place in Scottsdale, especially with HH (Matinee) until 9pm.  Drinks are creative and well crafted. Wouldn't pay  regular price for them but between happy hour and the different yelp deals, they are not so bad. I sampled the mac and cheese, tuna tartare, and a couple of the flatbread pizzas. Food is mediocre imo and service is slow.  Next time, I'd go for the drink, loungy vibe and music but pass on food.
3	Very pretty restaurant, but the service isn't great. Our waitress was slow and visited our table too infrequently. They were playing good music, though, which I definitely enjoyed.Happy hour prices are good for drinks and food, but I was underwhelmed by the mac and cheese and flatbreads. They were pretty good, but I wouldn't want to pay regular price for them.If I was in the area and wanted a drink, I would come back, but I wouldn't make a special trip. Maybe I need to try other menu items to have a great experience like others have had at Mabel's.
4	Finally a bar who knows how to treat their customers!  I love the fact that their happy hour runs 5-9 PM every day instead of a measly 2 hour one like the stingy places.  The food is pretty meh but I don't mind it when it is at happy hour prices!  Drinks are also imaginative and flavorful and they have a great selection at the bar.  I just wish they had more than 2 beers on tap especially with all the great local beers we have now.Bartenders are also friendly and knowledgeable which is nice if you want to sit and the bar and interact.  The place does get pretty dark around 10 so if you are there to visit with a good friend you might want to find a place where you can see each other.  Overall a nice place to chill!
4	Thank goodness there is a place like this as an alternative to some of the other nightlife in Scottsdale. Love the dark speakeasy feel and the decor - makes me feel like getting all dolled up to curl up in a booth with my honey. There is ususally a terrific vibe whether the place is tame during happy hour or packed on late nite weekends. It does get crowded most weekends after 10:30pm, so if you don't do crazy or loud, plan accordingly.The food is decent. The fact that Happy Hour extends so late is a big bonus, but I wouldn't call the food extraordinary. The drinks are usuaslly lovely and they have some very talented, fun bartenders. Their mixed drinks are definitely pricey, so I usually stick to vino. But damn this place make me want bourbon, Mad Men style.
4	Friendly staff long happy hour til 9pm Live music, great specialty happy hr drinks and apps. Plus a secret room behind the bookcase.
5	My second time here, and this place is fantastic. We just happened to have the same waitress as the last time, and yet again service was great - no complaints at all. Although, this time my initial infatuation with the beverage selection has been settled - I still find this place classy and enjoyable. It's just nice to sit down in the eclectic environment and drink up the ambiance of well-behavied patrons and staff alike. I am also a huge fan of the bar, how it looks, works and dominates the space. I could sit and write an ode to the bar itself, but the real reason this place is as classy as it is lies on the shoulders of the staff. Nice, curtious and service minded.. it is sad that I point out these obvious traits, but they are simply not always there even in classier establishments.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I liked the set up, plenty of parking, bathroom was clean. They do have food but didn't try anything...We stopped in while visiting the area... It's no "a ok".... Its really just ok.I went down to two stars because of the cost of a rum and coke. 9 bucks when the place is empty. There is a reason why.
5	Awesome speak easy!
2	Good place to drink but don't bother eating here. Overcooked burger, overcooked scallops, standard deviled eggs but good butter lettuce. The cubby service bartender is not friendly so stay away. Worth going for drinks...
4	I have been here a few times on saturday nights when we are out in old town. I have heard great reviews about their food but have never eaten here. Have stopped here and grabbed drinks a few times and I would say that they are good but average. The bar does have a nice atmosphere if you are looking to go out but a more chill environment.
4	The first time I came here, I didn't like it. It was loud, busy, and the bartender didn't know how to make a proper Manhattan. Then we found a Living Social and decided to come back. It was a MUCH better experience. The drinks were good, the appetizers were good, and we left satisfied. The service is slow... But that's OK. They have a great atmosphere. They seem to run deals on every daily deals site, so I'm sure we will be back. Cheers!
1	Cool atmosphere but TERRIBLE SERVICE. we waited 10 mins just to get a menu. Then another 15 mins to get TWO drinks. Then another 20 mins to finally get our check. Then 15 mins for them to bring back my debit card. The thing is, this place wasn't even that busy. To add on to all of this nonsense, a fellow customer approached us at the beginning and accused us of stealing his table when we were seated there by a waiter. I've definitely seen better bars here in Scottsdale. Don't come here if you want to wait forever just to get served.
3	I went to Mabel's on Friday night with a friend to use a living social deal. It was pretty good. The drinks were good, we each had a gin drink, mine had strawberry and hers was a bit less sweet (I liked mine, but not hers). For food we had the filet bites (very good, tender), scallops (less good....pretty fishy, not very well seared), mini staff favorite burgers (pretty dry and overcooked...maybe a sliver of avocado....not awesome), and a green eggs and ham flatbread (definitely tasty, but the egg was WAY undercooked....like not cooked at all....like whites were clear and snotty...pretty not awesome). Overall, there is no way I would pay full price to come back to this place.
4	I dig this place! The ambience, the creatively awesome drinks, the good food! The service is also a 4/5! The only thing I wish was different was that they'd play 1920s music (at least the 30s or 40s) to go with the theme of the speakeasy. Instead it flipped between 50s, 60s, and 70s disco! Really? Maybe they play the 20s music later in the evening (hopefully).Other than that it's one of my favorite places!Helpful hint: seat yourself during HH!
4	Happy hour until 9! Loved the atmosphere, and was so impressed with the service! They were so good that I owe it to them to go back! (Regularly)
4	Was here in October. In my opinion this place sets the standard for upscale (ly) lounges in Scottsdale. My classmates and I really enjoyed the drinks, the appetizers were ok as well. Had the deviled eggs and sliders and one more appetizer (I have pictures ) lol Lighting is a little on the dark side but a very chill atmosphere and I would definitely go back. They also have a cool yelp check in here which my whole table used.
5	Incredible!  Their menu is superb and staff is super courteous.  Love the speakeasy theme and their "secret room" was perfect for my birthday!
5	Always a great happy hour. A little older crowd but incredible food and cocktails. Their awesome old fashioned combined with their great taste in music always creates an atmosphere worth coming back to. I've yet to see the room behind the bookcase but I'm sure I will eventually.
4	Spent NYE here $30 cover :/awesome dj & live drummer!Skinny Margs were amazing & affordable!!So glad we came Only complaint was the high cover & was very very crowded but I guess that is too be expected on NYE I like the vibe here & it's not your swanky Scottsdale crowd
5	Best NYE easily in the past ten years.  Table service was well worth the cost as far as value and attentiveness from staff and security.  Crowd was varied 20s-30s.  Tried to return on NY night but it was closed.  Will return next time we are in Phoenix.
2	If you have ever been to The Patterson House in Nashville, you will definitely be disappointed with this place. Drinks were way overpriced and tasted worse than drinks I have had at a college bar.
2	I was excited to try this place, so much I left it for last on my list of Scottsdale yelp discoveries. Looking at their description and reviews I was under the impression that Mabel's would be a down right awesome cocktail bar. It also came highly recommended by the great folks at Kaz. Walking in the decor spoke of prohibition and the menu showed pics of barrels aging and flapper women a...err flappin...? Their logo being a goat's head signaled to me that this is a place of craft. The waitresses gritty response "...we don't do much with vodka" of one of our parties request for something with vodka, spelled out what I was in all hopes for. I felt triumph! This is it!! We have found the Death & Co. of the desert! Let the ice shaping, concoction stirring, I'm not going to shake your manhattan you stpdfck drinking begin!! I will have an old fashioned! They will have French 75s! He will have a Blood and Sand!!What's a Blood and Sand, you ask? You've never heard of that in the three years you've cocktailed here you say? It's a Blood and Sand! It's a famous vintage scotch cocktail named after the 1922 movie 'Blood and Sand'. My good friend here is new to vintage cocktails and I know he loves scotch, so this would be a perfect cocktail for him. What other cocktail would he like if you cannot do this one? I don't know... what other scotch cocktails do you have? None? Ok, not to worry! I'm sure your bartenders in their nifty vests surly know how to make a Blood and Sand, thanks! "Negative"Negative you say? Hmm, and there is no other scotch cocktails that they know? That's ok! Just have them look it up on their phones that all three of them are on at this very moment... no? Why not? Well... how about if I look it up on my phone and have them do it? No!? Ok... I see. :-( Let him have an old fashioned with me I guess. Round two:The old fashioneds and Nolet's French 75s were a good start and all, yet my friend and I would really like a good scotch. With all this broken leather and master study like book cases that are in here you outa have a great selection of scotches right? Well, what scotches do you have? A lot you say? Great!! I would like a Lagavulin 16, please.What do you mean no one has ever ordered a Lagavulin in the 3 years you have worked here?Why do you keep bringing up that you have worked here for 3 years and act as if my requests are absurd? Please, just go and check with the texting vested bartender team. It really is a good scotch and I don't think it's that rare to find in establishments like this. "Negative" Negative? Huh... What fine scotches do you have? Laphroig 10? Fine, it'll work. Do I fckn look like I want it on the rocks!?!! The service would have been great if the waitress didn't have the 'I know more than you attitude' and if I wouldn't see the stupidly dressed bartenders/bar backs constantly on their phones. As for cocktails? They should get into the fine art of infused vodkas. It's more their speed and more the speed of what Scottsdale is and probably will ever be.
4	Trendy, vintage-esque restaurant with great music and an energetic vibe. I wouldn't recommend their food, burgers were a bit dry/bland and very small in portions for what you pay. BUT - the drinks are great! The Vodka Collins (cucumber based cocktail) was my favorite and the Bees Knees were strong but yummy. I came here with a larger party and we had a blast. Service is great as well.
5	This bar is the perfect spot for any occasion. It's a classy place with a lot to offer when it comes to drinks, customer service, cleanliness, and atmosphere. Everything about mable's makes it great.
4	Been there 5+ times and the HAPPY HOUR APPETIZERS are the BEST ANYWHERE.....Plus HAPPY HOUR goes from 5-9!!!........NOT your typical bar food, but the BEST Macaroni & Cheese, Sliders, etc........VERY CREATIVE DRINKS by a bartender staff that enjoys being Creative........ONLY NEGATIVE is DON'T GO HOPING to see a Ballgame or Sports Highlights as only 1 TV that they only use for the SuperBowl...........OTHERWISE it would be 5 STARS........LOVE it as a stopover spot right in the middle of all the fun of OLDTOWN SCOTTSDALE!
4	Great place. Speakeasy style place. Definitely a more classy place, where everyone was dressed nicely. Was there on a Saturday night and there was a DJ playing after 10. The music was so loud, I had to yell with my friend I was there with, but it wasn't too bad in hind sight. My only complaint was a lack of seating and the place was pretty busy that night. They were taking tables away from the main area so there could be a dance floor, but it's a give and take. I enjoyed it and will definitely return
2	After the company holiday party, our group headed over to Mabel's for some drinks. The outside was packed with smokers and there was a bouncer checking IDs. After passing inspection, I walked into what seemed like a dark night club blasting way too loud music and packed with bodies of all ages. From the website and what I had heard about Mabel's, I was expecting a swanky/classy bar straight from the 1950s a-la Mad Men style. (Mabel's even had a Mad Men premiere viewing party!) And yes, the inside is dark with wood panels just oozing speakeasy vibes. However, there are many factors that spoil the entire experience. To be frank, the inside was like a meat market. Bodies were everywhere and in the bathroom drunken girls were abundant. (Some bathroom conversations cannot be unheard.) It was hard to find a spot to stand let alone sit down. Trying to hold a conversation was more like a shouting match and hoping the other person could hear you.  On top of this, the patrons seemed to be on the prowl for a date to take home and were constantly bumping into other people unapologetically. When we did find a spot to sit down, a bouncer(?) came over and told us that if we wanted to sit there we had to order VIP service. At this point, I was ready to leave and did - promptly. This was definitely not a place for a nice after dinner drink. Overall, this place seemed like a raucous nightclub and not a restaurant/bar. Not sure if it is only like this on Saturdays (or the weekend in general) and maybe it is more relaxing during the week or what. I'm a little scared to find out and probably will not be back.
5	Mabel's made my birthday one to remember!  After arriving with a group of friends, we had prompt and polite service and access to their Matinee (happy hour) menu that lasts until 8:00 PM.  The Goulet, a gin and grapefruit cocktail, is only $6 and it's subtle citrus notes make it smooth.  The restaurant also presented the table with a complimentary bottle of prosecco to celebrate the occasion- what a treat!  I will definitely return!
3	Fun atmosphere, plates were on the small side. Would go again for happy hour.
5	Fun little place that has a nice atmosphere.  A good place to just hang and get some drinks with friends. It's a lounge type vibe with some good music definitely a place you want to come back to. Fortunately it's not too packed on any given night which I think is pretty awesome. I'm not into having to be sardined into a place and be uncomfortable.
5	Beautiful atmosphere, very friendly service, yummy food and extra yummy drinks! Especially their happy hour :)
4	Great place for Happy Hour food and drinks.  I believe their HH runs until 11pm.  Especially love the private room in the back of the place.  The best time to go there is on the weekend where they sometimes have live DJ spinning the hottest music.
5	What a great modern day speakeasy. When I went up to the bar and asked what type of whiskey they carried, multiple bartenders came by and recommended bourbons and ryes based on the flavor profile I was looking for. Automatic 5 stars right there. In addition to great drinks, Mabel's also has amazing food. I had the Petite Sophisticate slider and grilled cheese with prosciutto (!). Everything about that sounds good. I also tried one of their chicken "lollipops," essentially a buffalo chicken leg. Very tasty and easy to eat with a knife and fork. Fun, obvious fact: the hidden door to the private speakeas-ier room is the bookshelf. Start pulling on books and spinning globes next time you go and maybe you'll get in before you get kicked out (or just look at the pictures posted here and on their website).Fun, not-so-obvious fact: Mabel is the goat in the curtained dining room. She likes to chill and watch her guests have a good time. This place turns into more of a small club on weekends so time your visit appropriately. Rich's recommendation: sliders and sips. There are lots of cozy places to lounge too.
4	I was so looking forward to checking this place out after so much talk about it. It had a really cool atmosphere that was definitely "old speakeasy." The Moscow mules were really good but I ordered the Honeysuckle and it was meh. Definitely wouldn't get it again but I would try another drink out. The server was really friendly and they even had a coupon on Yelp!
4	I speakeasy vibe  and great eats!  Love coming for happy hour and they have been really wonderful in helping a friend set up a group happy hour get together... a favorite that I will return to again!
2	This place has the worst service. I'm watching girls beg for the bartenders attention. We have been here 30 minutes with no drinks. The waitress refuses to even acknowledge we are sitting in her section. The manager needs to make some changes. A lot people at the bar and tables with no drinks!  Horrible service.
4	It was my first time at this venue. Very cozy! Nice happy hour prices. I went on a Tuesday and there was hardly anyone there. Service was very prompt. The Butter Lettuce Salad and Lollipop Chicken was delicious!
5	Great drinks, and cigar selection.I went with an old bartender, and he had us try everything on the menu. If you like mixed drinks this is the place for you. They have a very wide selection of alcohol, so I'm sure you'll be able to get the drink made just the way you like it. *****
3	I love the decor, the drinks, the bar, even the penny floors... But the "DJ" was so ridiculous and kept train wrecking for half an hour... I DJ a bit so I tend to be critical, but there were maybe 15 people in the place and the levels were so off and the PA was so loud you couldn't even talk to people...just slightly annoyed that I couldn't have a conversation with this kinda cute bartender... Kinda long black hair... lol anyway, he mentioned something about camping and national larks and it was cute.  So thanks DJ;) lol
3	I mistakenly thought that Mabel's would be similar to nearby EVO in that it would be mostly restaurant and also a bar. However, this is quite the opposite. It's mostly a bar with small bites at their small dining section.I ordered an All American Mabel's mini (two 3oz mini-burgers with pickles, mayo, American cheese, lettuce and mustard) and my bf had a flatbread pizza. My mini burgers were pretty good but also tiny. I was quite hungry afterward.I could see our waitress texting in the corner which was a little awkward but otherwise, I don't have any complaints about the service.Overall, I would probably return here for the bar, but not the food. The food was okay but pretty expensive and the bar honestly looked a lot more interesting. I would describe the crowd as sophisticated and in their late 20s to early 30s and somewhat dressed up. I think this would have been a nice stop during a bar hopping excursion in Old Town.
4	We have been to this place a couple times for the happy hour and have left full and happy. This restaurant/lounge is dark, romantic, and turns into a lounge/dancefloor at night (we've never stayed late enough to see this transformation, ha). Happy hour has a decent array of food choices (more like bites, no big plates) and glasses of wine. We both enjoyed glasses of red wine and shared the grilled cheese sandwich, sliders, and flatbread pizza. All were delicious and perfect for sharing.The service was attentive and friendly. We will be back for another happy hour!
4	Very cute place w/ great decor. The bartender was super friendly. They offer a full bar and live music w/ super friendly couches/chairs. Love!
5	One of my favorite spots. Great place for a pre dinner drink and appetizers. Dark interior, fun spot. Great menu for bites. Highly recommend their mules !
5	Great Happy Hour, music,  wine and appetizers. The atmosphere was amazing,  very relaxing.
3	Just average food with exception of the chicken lollipops. Cool ambiance and good service
5	The perfect 5:00 on a Saturday kind of place to cozy up to the bar and have a few Pisco Sours.  Great mac and cheese, deviled eggs, and sliders.  Sophisticated speak easy atmosphere.  A real resemblance to the tastes of a really good New York or Chicago cocktail bar.  Bartender made some great drinks!  Couldn't be happier.
5	What fantastic service! Rich the bartender is very attentive and Jorge the chef came out to give free samples. Half price cocktails named after books on happy hour. Best pina colada I've ever had. Not pretentious and a legit menu. Will come back.
4	So this is now called the Beverly? Uh sure!It was better on service and the kitchen was open late.  Seems that the menu has changed, which I enjoyed.   Even though they no longer had mint julep on the menu, it's nice that they changed it up and offered something different than before.  The interior is still swanky and TDF.
4	Sat night, went to hang out at the bar with my husband after dinner. It's a great people watching spot. The crowd looked like they were in their late 20's, early 30's. The DJ played a variety of good songs.
