4	Designs for the Home!  Antiques and Contemporary (more Antiques), Jewelry Furniture and Art (paintings by local Artists).  I thought this place was very "light" on Art!  It is at least partially Consignment which is great for the customers because it means they will continually be rotating merchandise!  This is a great way to shop!  They opened a few months ago... The location of this Cool new shop on the corner of North Trade, South Trade, East Johns and West Johns in Downtown Matthews, where the rug and flooring place used to be.  I've been wanting to check this place out and today I did!  They were very busy this Saturday afternoon, yet this late it is easy to find parking, as a bunch of places are closed and the restaurants are just getting ready to open.  A Beautiful day to shop 66 Degrees in January!
5	Having recently moved into Matthews, I've outfitted my new home with several items from Blue Chameleon. I appreciate the odd finds, local products, and the occasional piece of US-made furniture (which is so hard to find these days!)Getting rid of my old stuff has spurred me to write this review as the new location is far easier to bring larger items in and out. It was previously very difficult to bring items into the store when it was downtown which kept me from commenting on the full experience. I found the operators friendly and helpful and the consigning process to be very easy and the terms were clearly stated. I consigned some of my living room set and ended up with some fine upgrades for very little out of pocket!I'd recommend it for anyone looking to go a different direction with their decor
4	First of all I didn't see any chameleons here, so im calling bullshit off the bat. Besides the filthy lies that I was sold, this place is pretty cool. Some interesting stuff no doubt. The owners kind of lingered around watching us like hawks. That made me a little uncomfortable, though in all fairness I did consider stuffing a coffee table into my shorts.I would recommend it, if you need some interesting stuff to decorate your domicile.Still pissed my girlfriend didn't let be buy the wooden sculpture of the engorged naked murderer guy holding a decapitated head.
