3	Smaller than normal Starbucks, but plenty of parking.  Nice location in nice shopping area.  Staff was polite.
4	Quaint little spot, gets pretty crowded during busy hours, but experienced baristas that handle it with ease. Other than that, just your average Starbucks!
5	I love Starbucks coffee.  My new favorite is the blonde roast.  This location gets pretty crowded, especially on Friday mornings.  The baristas here are really friendly.
5	I love stopping by this Starbucks. The staff here is great and it seems to be a lower traffic location- which makes for a quick drink or quiet break.
4	They make good coffee and the service is consistently fast
5	Never a bad experience at Starbucks.  I am here with my dog, Molly.  Being respectful of the premises I did not bring Molly into the store. I called the store and spoke to Terry who took my order and brought it out to me. She even brought Molly a cup of water...a nice touch!
2	Consistently average.
2	Just like the rating. Meh.Baristas look like they are bored out of their minds.My friend wanted to inquire about their free Tall Hazelnut macchiato, and boy were they sour about it. They decide to honor the promotion, like they should, and gave my friend her free drink. I bought a venti sized, and was given what? Caramel macchiato.Disappointed for sure, and I won't be coming back, mainly cuz I live in Southern California.
4	This Sarbucks is right next to my work so I am here 3-4 times a week (at least!) One thing I really like is their large patio equipped with a misting system.  The majority of the tables are under the roof awning so it's a great place to relax with your coffee and utilize their free WiFi or go old school and read the paper. If your lucky you might even see one of their regulars; a gentleman who sits outside with his toucan on his shoulder! Scared the bejesus out of me first time I walked past him...Inside the baristas are friendly and efficient and have no problem making custom offers. They also regularly have samples of new drinks and/or food items out for customers to sample. There is also adequate seating inside if you can't deal with the heat!
5	This is my - on the way to work - Starbucks and I must say, the staff are always polite, efficient and friendly. My very early mornings at work are always made much more pleasant. I've been to roughly 1 million of the 10 million Starbucks in this nation, and customer service is apparently optional. This store is the exception. Take the extra trip to come here. ( just please do so after 8am so there's no line ) :)
5	Super fast service. It is a little hard to find since the actual Starbucks is hidden by other stores. Friendly customer service and the whole place was clean and not messy at all which is a plus.
1	Don't get coffee here. One staff person isn't clean.    There's a grungy looking bearded guy with Mohawk that works on weekends, saw adjust his underwear from the crack of his a$$ and did not wash his hands. He reached in far, ish was nasty yo. . Also, slow wifi and no outlets.
1	Horrible customer service,  cashier must have had a bad day. Talked ugly to customers.   Not returning to this Starbucks.   First time I had service like this.
2	This place has managed to mess up my orders, and argue with me about it more times than not, and I feel like the balance between relaxed/friendly and unprofessional/rude needs to be reevaluated.  I come here because it's convenient.  But when there's a long line and your continuing to ignore me while I'm standing in front of you to order, because you're finishing up a convo with your co-worker and I'm late ... it's just is not a great way to start my morning.1. Ordered 2 Dirty, Venti, Soy Chai's and usually just get get confirmation for one shot or they'll ask me and for some reason they decided I should have 2 shots in each ($18) And when I asked why they automatically gave me 2 shots, the blame game started among your employees. I was given a free drink coupon.2. Ordered a Grande Soy Chai and received a Tall and when I inquired, the barista ripped it from the counter and poured it into a grande cup.  I said to the barista timidly, "I'll pay for it I was just sure I ordered a grande." Then the cashier, who must have over heard me, shouted over to me saying, "No you ordered a tall." I said, "$7 for a tall?" She said, "Yes."  -__-As I was walking out with my shamed grande, the same cashier says, "Oh no! You did order a grande", whilst holding up a receipt that she went back and printed...."  I just walked out.I expect a little more from Starbucks. I'll probably just go to Kierland from now on.
2	When I see the word Starbucks I immediately go to a happy place and I'm stoked to get coffee from that moment forward and its soooo disappointing coming to this location with the staff being so darn rude. At first I thought "maybe I just hold Starbucks to a higher standard in customer service" but after reading the other reviews now I know it's not just me. They really do mess up orders here on a regular basis. 1. I've been over charged on two different occasions and then glared at when I asked for them to fix it. 2. Eye contact.... Its a thing. (Lisa should learn it)3. Don't ask me what I want with your back turned to me.4. If you don't want to ask for my name then you should make sure your saying loud and clear what's going on the counter. I unfortunately will continue to come here because I worked down the street but each and every time I'll be over cautious of what's being charged and dissatisfied with the service.
3	The day time staff are awesome here, a couple of the night time baristas need an attitude check. The man with the beard (who I am pretty sure is a manager) is Always ridiculously rude. As well as the old lady. A smile goes a long way guys.And God forbid you make a special request for your drink, it's such a hassle. Is that what starbucks is?Coffee and tea drinks custom made to fit each and every customers needs or wants?
5	This Starbucks is great! This place is my first stop before my day of responsibilities begins.  The morning crew is the best.  Sunny and shining bright  Sabrina is my favorite young barista. The newer manager Brittany is so sweet and helpful too.  How can somebody be so happy when people just take their coffee issues so seriously?!  The rest of the baristas have managed to get my complicated orders right most of the time.  The one time they didn't, it was immediately fixed.  No biggie, my day progressed.  The ambiance is clean.  This is a cafe style Starbucks with plenty of seating outside for coffee enjoyment and perfect weather during the fall/winter months.   It's a little tuckedaway in a plaza near Harkins and across the street from Wholefoods.  The service is quick and friendly, my coffee is hot and my drink is always yummy.  I feel for the people who work in these types of environments, it certainly doesn't look easy.  Maybe the yelpers reviewing these places need to work at a Starbucks for a weak or two.  I don't know how I would handle a bunch of tired and grumpy people demanding perfection. Thank you for waking up at 4 am to serve me coffee guys!  You betcha buns I'm gonna tip!
2	I hate to write this review.... But I must have come at the WRONG time of day...Today's date 11/21/14 @ 6:36pm.To start, I came i, and when I went to the counter to order, the guy with a beard seemed unhappy that I came in.I asked if they still had peach flavoring,The girl with glasses and a pony tail immediately tells me "no we don't. That's only a summer thing and we can't order it." the way she said this made me feel stupid for even asking...I replied "I know some stores still have it, that is why I just wanted to ask."Then after I ordered a berry refresher, the same girl and guy were asking each other to make it-in a way that made it seem like neither of them wanted to do it.When the girl said my drink and put it at the bar, I approached and thanked them and her response was, "yep." as she walked into the back sipping her drink(what looked to be a tea).Not only did I feel stupid for ASKING if they peach flavoring, but I did not feel valued as a customer.. I honestly wanted to walk out after my first question...I hate to write this review because there are some people that are always SOOO nice when I go in. It has made me want to actually work at this location (I worked at a different location [FWL/101] which I ended up leaving because of a terrible work experience- another story...) but after seeing these two employees, I really don't want to even bother thinking about that anymore.The two employees who have been nothing but AMAZING are Sebrina, and a taller lady with short bleached blonde hair.- usually work morning/midday. They really take customer service to an amazing height and really do make you feel valued.
5	I come in here pretty frequently and have never had an issue. Everyone is extremely friendly and they are FAST. Even when it's super busy, I never find myself having to wait more than a couple minutes in line. Although there isn't much indoor seating, there are quite a few seats outside. The store just has an overall good energy. The baristas seem to be happy with their job and that really reflects :) Keep on keeping on !
