4	My inner Vietnamese woman seriously wanted steamed crab and garlic noodles last night for dinner though I have a rule..  we don't live anywhere close to the ocean so if I know its not flown in daily, I pass on my cravings. So away went my inner Viet-lady and out came my inner Italian macho man (quit laughing at me)! The place is very cozy and definitely family owned, no corporate stamping here, this is the real deal. Super tasty, hearty, large portioned basic Italian.. just like mom would make if she were Italian! I went ahead and blew off my carnal seafood rule (I'm a big butch Italian macho man, right) and went ahead and ordered the crab cakes. 2 HUGE crab cakes were more crab then cake covered in a thick creamy sauce with tomatoes and basil.. I did all I could not to lick the place clean.. mama always says I'm a proud member of the clean plate club! For dinner I had the Ravioli Carbanara.. these plump pillows filled my plate.. covered in another rich cream sauce then topped with peas and bacon.. as I ate these I unbuttoned my shirt, I could see the hair on my chest growing, I indeed was becoming an Italian macho man (in my own head)! The service was extremely friendly and for the quality and quantity of food this place is a real bargain. Crap Cake $13, Ravioli Carbanara $18.. my man tummy, full and very very happy!
4	DELISH!  It's hard to find 'good Italian' west of NY.....This place meets the craving for sure!The 'complimentary cheesy bread' offers a warm welcome upon sitting down.The food is reasonably priced and the serving sizes are great - not too big / not too small.They always offer a little post-meal Sambuca.They make you feel at home.The place is small - but cozy and warm.  You truly feel like you are at an italian restuarant.Wouldnt call it kid friendly due to the size.Love the menu on wheels.......
4	Just got back and the food was great but the prices are a little on the high side for our tastes (but nothing crazy or outrageous) otherwise this would of been a 5 star review. This beats all the local chains in both atmosphere and quality.A cute little restaurant with some very good food. The free garlic bread was delicious and was an unexpected bonus!
4	This was an excellent little Italian place that I just tried for the first time, (and by little, the total capacity inside is listed at 46 people, but they do have outside seating).  The decor is a little kitschy, but it does give it a feeling of home I suppose (there seemed to be a theme of elephants for some reason that really stuck out to me).  Appropriate service, which was prompt but not too much conversation with the owners wife who was acting as our server, with complimentary bread with mozzarella and marinara sauce to start (although the standard bread in the regular bread basket was a bit stale).  For an app I got the arrancino (fried rice ball with peas and meat on the inside, with marinara underneath), which was good but not as authentic as I would hope: they used medium grain rice instead of true risotto (short grain arborio) rice as traditional, and they tried to bring it more upscale with what seemed like it may have been prosciutto on the inside: I would have preferred the traditional chopped meat in tomato sauce on the interior instead.  So good, but not quite what I had hoped for. For dinner I had the parmesan encrusted salmon with shrimp special, which came with veggies and a side of pasta, and my sister got the linguine alla vongole (linguine with clam sauce).  My salmon was good, of very good quality but slightly overcooked, but that was my own fault as I had not remembered to order it medium rare, with an ideally cooked shrimp on top.  Flavors went very well together along with the sauce, although my pasta side was penne in marinara, whereas with the fish pasta a olio would have made more sense.  The veggies were steamed absolutely perfectly, and the sauce for the salmon was generously applied to them as well helping to bring the dish together.  The linguine with clams was a very generous portion size, with enough garlic in it to give it some kick (as well as just a hint of crushed red pepper, as it should be).  For desert we ordered a cannoli, and instead of one large one, they brought out two mini cannoli so we could each have our own: these were very good, with the shells having just a hit of cinnamon, with very good consistency on the filling: they definitely used ricotta instead of mascarpone, which is how I grew up on cannoli...To finish the meal the owner brought over a couple of complimentary amarettos, which really was the perfect finish.  Friendly service, not too crowded (we didn't have to wait, but we took one of their last empty tables inside), and good, well balanced food: I will definitely be back!
5	A true Italian eatery in Scottsdale. No fancy chain glam just homemade Italian dishes. Perfect every time.  I have been here 10 plus times. The decor will remind you of your Italian grandparents basement.  If your grandparents are italian of course.  Its a good thing!
4	What a delightful find we made tonight! This sweet little bistro is flanked by Starbucks and Subway in North Scottsdale, but has nothing in common with his neighbors! It is authentic, homemade Italian at its best. Inside is a bit kitschy, but it's decorated to resemble a true Italian bistro. The service was efficient and friendly. It helps that the owner makes his rounds, greeting patrons, making sure everything is just right. First, we were served cheesy bread with a side of marinara -- it was a great starter. With the entrees, they brought warm fresh foccacia and Italian bread (not needed after the cheesy bread, but nevertheless scarfed up by the guys!) I had the cannelloni al forno stuffed with chicken and opted for the marinara sauce instead of the cream sauce. It was a hearty portion, covered in mozzarella. It was delicious . . . My friend had it with the cream sauce and devoured every bite! My husband had the penne al forno, and he proclaimed it to be the best Italian food he's had since we moved here a little over five years ago! Our other companion opted for the Caesar salad (with anchovies) and the stuffed mushrooms, which she loved so much she didn't even offer to share a bite! We were pleasantly surprised when the owner brought over complimentary cordials of Amaretto for all of us as well as a large portion of tiramisu to share. Wow! And I don't even like tiramisu! The only reason I didn't give Parmigiano a five-star rating is because the waiter cleared plates while others were still eating, and the tables are on the small side and feel a little cramped. Definitely we will be back to try more of what this lovely little bistro offers. Buon Appetito!
5	Waiter was really nice.  Thankyou Tantino for practicing your french with us.  We were pleasantly surprised by a complimentary order of garlic cheese bread.  We both had a Caesar's salad minus the anchovies.  They were fresh and crispy with just the right amount of dressing.  My husband had the canelloni and I ordered the veal parmesan.  Both were delicious.  Portions were more than enough.  After the bread and salad we ended up boxing half if each. The complimentary Amaretto was a nice touch.  We have eaten at many restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale but Parmigiana stands out for the extra nice touches.
4	A quaint little place with very tasty, homemade Italian food. In a town where most think PF Changs is chinese food, this little bistro is a welcome change. The owner was present and so pleased we were in his restaurant that his attitude was contagious. Our servers were knowledgeable and enthusiastic. The food was clearly fresh and the favorites we had were outstanding. I even had dessert which rarely happens. A cool date place and an excellent choice for those who know that Olive Garden sucks.
5	Wonderful little "hole in the wall" restaurant. Had the lobster ravioli on special and it was terrific!! Had little pieces of scallops on the red sauce. A sweet and pleasant surprise!!
4	Great, made from scratch food. Decor is straight from an Italian grandmothers house and the place is very small. This place is NOT kid friendly, we had our 2 young girls with us and it was very uncomfortable even though they were accommodating. 4 stars for the food and our waiter.
5	We have seen the crowded parking lot on weekends so we finally went in. We had a party of 8 so ordered lots of different dishes. My daughter practically licked her plate of fettucine Alfredo. My husband and I shared the seafood special that had lobster, mussels and clams which was very very rich and good. My dad had the salmon and my son the lasagna. It was very delicious American style Italian. In Italy I don't think they serve such rich food. Also there were almost no vegetables. Also rather pricey. So not a place to go everyday, but for a treat. Also excellent service. Very warm and professional.
4	Parmigiano is closed...A new concept will be coming soon in its place according to a sign on the front. Looks like Parmigiano's owner Lorenzo hadn't been paying the rent for a few months and had been gambling instead...according to a few well known sources. The new establishment will be named "Pita Cafe"...featuring Greek and Mediterranean cuisine...That should be a nice addition to the area...Looking forward to their opening..Don't know if it will be the same owners or not...but I really doubt it will....Kinda hard to open a restaurant successfully f you've lost all your dough gambling away.Yummm....just at the thought of it...Really excited...! Hurry up and open...Stay tuned! I will write a review of the new cafe as soon as I have experienced it.
