5	This newly remodeled location is absolutely delightful. I just relocated to phoenix and was pleased to have Village Inns. Definitely beats IHop or Denny's hands down.
3	If you've seen one Inn, you've seen all Inns. Only, most I've seen are shutting down faster than the Democrats will be leaving Congress this year. Nevertheless, I'm happy this particular one on Northern Ave and the Loop 101, is still in business.Very clean, well laid out - even for its smaller size and it had an extremely friendly staff to both me and my father - who happens to be so much a regular, he says he'll have his regular and they recite back to him precisely what it was just to be sure. Rarely do you see that, especially in a chain. They were also extremely friendly with me, and happy to meet his son.That all said, let's get down to the food. Oh, boy, it was, well, Luby's quality. I had chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes, corn, clam chowder soup and it came with a biscuit and soft butter. Let's start with the positive: the chicken fried steak and it's seasoned gravy was very good. As was the biscuit and butter - that was delicious warm/soft butter. The soup was only adequate with its enormously small chunks of meat inside. The mashed potatoes were actually wet and/or runny inside - it was edible, but not by much. And finally the corn. How can you mess that up? Well, enough for me to take one bite and push it over to my father who must be used to it by now. That was the worst.But, if the corn's the worst, then is the whole place not worth visiting? By all means NO...the staff and ambiance sincerely makes up for any shortcomings. (Overall rating: 3.5/5 Stars. The following is rated by "out of five" stars.)Ambiance: 4 - Very nice looking inside, well laid out.Service: 5 - extremely friendly and personable.Food Taste: 3 - see above.Food Quality: 4 - well presented.Cleanliness: 5 - Very clean, down to the restrooms.Friendly Staff: 5 - See above.Fast Busing: 5 - the waiter did all that, and extremely efficient, always with a smile and a chuckle.Smoking Area: Outside to the immediate right. Not bad, includes a sitting area for smokers.Would I Return?: If my father wanted to. I wouldn't go out of my way.Would I Recommend?: Yes...sort of....And to who?: If someone lived within 5 miles of it and if they were on a tight budget.Additional Information: Without having to, the staff treated my father with the utmost respect and courtesy while showing genuine concern that his visit was enjoyable. If they did that for one person, chances are they will treat you the same way. Kudos to the hiring staff.
3	All of these Village Inn are the same, but that is where the servers can stand out.  This location is very clean and laid out the same like the one in Avondale.  I got the chicken fried steak skillet.  The chicken fried steak is good, the gravy has good, the fried potatoes cubes are nice and cripsy, and the scramble egg to top it off was good.  The server was so busy, she was all over the place but we were still checked on.
4	I don't really like breakfast foods, but they do have a good selection of other options.I prefer this over Ihop and Dennys.Prices are reasonable and the service is very nice.I like their multigrain pancakes. Soups are okay.Clean bathrooms.
4	Good place for breakfast.  They have a $6.99 breakfast deal, pick four entrees. I had a two egg omelet, biscuits and gravy, hash browns, and a yummy strawberry crepe. Very good!Good standard fare and very predictable.  The servers are friendly and take good care of you.  Just a nice easy place to have a meal.
3	Pretty standard fare.  Hostess and waitress very friendly and quickly seated.  We were there for lunch and the place was not super busy but I though our wait for food was long considering we ordered sandwiches.  I had the half sandwich, soup, and pie for $7.49 which seemed a little steep for Denny's type food and atmosphere.  My wife had a turkey sandwich which was $8.69.  Most restaurants run lunch specials and this was it so not impressed.  The chili was very common and could have come from a can, doubt it was 'homemade' , the Reuben was good as was the turkey sandwich but all in all, will not go back, too many restaurants with better food and better prices.
5	Gawd!!!! It's embarrassing to give a VI five stars but this one earned each star today!  First, it was NOT packed and we got a table with no wait at 1100 on a Sunday morning.  Second, from the hostess to the manager to the cook who waved at me from the kitchen, EVERYONE was warm, friendly, polite, helpful, and dare I say, downright CHEERFUL.  Third, our server, Jennifer, was five star all the way... She was high class and high quality, WTF is she doing working at a VI?????  Oh yeah, she was making my freakin' day, that's what she's doing working at a VI!!!!  Thank you Jennifer!So we really took note that while we thought we had the BEST WAITRESS EVER, that all the other waiters and waitresses were equally professional, cheerful, and efficient.  WOW!!!!  Again, at a VI??? I am perplexed, confused... VI was always a quick, semi-crappy meal with a tweaked out server and non-existent support personnel... But I must now confess that we will be back so see if we were delusional due to lack of sleep or if this is a whole new VI.I haven't even talked about the food... Like the service, this was the best food we have ever had at a VI... double bacon skillet was phenomenal, fully loaded double cheeseburger was moist and flavorful... Pancakes, made the pancakes at Sear's in SF look silly, yeah, that yummy (at a dang VI!!!!!)!We will be back, we will bring momma, looking forward to elation at the consistency or absolute disappointment... But today, five f-ing stars!!!!!
5	Very good place for breakfast and their pies are to die for.  We've been here about five times and they never seem to be crowded, which is a shame.  Their staff is always friendly and the food is always good.  It's like a Dennys-type place, but I think the food tastes better.  I've honestly never had a lunch or dinner item but I don't think that's what you go here for :)  The prices are very reasonable.  Once again, pies are TO DIE FOR! We've had their strawberry pie (x2), pumpkin pie, peanut butter chocolate pie and most recently, their mixed berry pie.  We're going to be moving across the valley and I'm actually a little upset this location won't be coming with us.
5	I live an exit away I can't believe I'm just now coming here after 4months. Food was delicious, nothing fancy or pretty just tastes great. Raymundo was our server and he was so nice! All the waiters and waitresses seemed friendly and close as they joked with one another and working quickly but very well together. Customer Service is more than half of the reason I keep coming back to places. You either got it or you don't and this place has it!
3	I grew up with Village Inn.  I love this place.  The food is consistently great.  Love the Eggs Benedict (classic), Country Skillet is tasty, coffee is always fresh!!  And somehow in two visits we went from amazing service to zero in a flash. Props to the Saturday morning crew.  You were ALL on your A game, with personality and prompt service.  Not so much for the Tuesday morning gals.  Left very unhappy, refills would have been nice, a to go box would have been great, and all of this would have happened if you ever checked back in with the table after dropping the food...
2	I grew up with Village Inn.  I love this place.  The food is consistently great.  Love the Eggs Benedict (classic), Country Skillet is tasty, coffee is always fresh!!  And somehow in two visits we went from amazing service to zero in a flash. Props to the Saturday morning crew.  You were ALL on your A game, with personality and prompt service.  Not so much for the Tuesday morning gals.  Left very unhappy, refills would have been nice, a to go box would have been great, and all of this would have happened if you ever checked back in with the table after dropping the food...
1	AWFUL-HORRIBLE-TERRIBLE! NEVER going back there again. Me and my girlfriend ordered the Build Your Own breakfast deal, awful mistake. First of all if you order 2 of the same thing you get charged another Dollar which is rediculous, then when we get our food it's like a Kids Meal portion: COLD potatoes and there were like 8 little potatoes, COLD hash browns, the side of fruit has 2 pieces of melon and 4 grapes, and a HALF of a waffle, side of fries had about 10 fries on it. We were there about an hour and a half and ate our food in 2 minutes STILL hungry and already had spend $28, server was rude and didn't ask us how our food was or anything, it was like she sensed our dis-satisfaction and just felt we were a lost cause at that point. Then the grand finale, the general manager Cesar Real asked us how our meal was and I told him awful and explained all these issues and he pretty much said "well those are the portions we give here so sorry about that" no discount for shitty cold food or awful service not any type of anything to help out, and this is their manager. Twice the price and Half the portions of Denny's. I will never go back here again ever, horrible.
1	My boyfriend and I have been here a few times in the last 6 months and I don't know why we keep going back.   The food always tastes fairly good, however their service is horrible.   Our waitress, whom we've unluckily had the last 2 times we were there, is awful.  This recent time, my boyfriends specifically asked for no tomatoes on his burger, guess what it came with tomatoes.  Not a huge deal but would have been nice if it had been correct.   She never asked me once if I wanted another drink, but kept my boyfriends drinks refilled.   We finished our meal and sat there while she kept walking by us, clearly seeing I needed a to go box and never once asked. Finally I caught her and asked her for one.    I wish I could remember her name, blonde, hair in a ponytail all the time, young and clearly waitressing isn't her thing, otherwise she would have paid more attention to our needs.  If I had been paying she would have gotten zero for a tip, she didn't deserve one at all.   Then we went to go pay and leave, however stood and waited, and waited, and waited to even be waited on so we could go.  The cashier/waitress asked my boyfriend how his food was, but didn't ask me.   I think the place needs some work on their people and service skills.    Time to find a new location and give them a try.  We probably wont go back to this one anytime soon.
1	So, I was going to give the VI 2 stars... but then I realized I would be messing up my rating system since I only have 5 stars to give.I got there at 6 AM, and I was the only person in the restaraunt. I don't mean there weren't many people, I mean I was literally the ONLY guest. This is an important item which I will explain shortly.I ordered the Denver Omelet, and it took forever for me to get my food. When I did finally get it, the omelet was runny and practically egg soup all over my plate. The pancakes tasted like they were burnt and stale, completely dry and disgusting. I'm the only person in there... I could see messing up someone's order when the place is full, and you're rushing to get out orders... but when only ONE person is in there, how could you possibly mess up eggs and pancakes?While I was eating, the waitress set up another table for 4 people with coffee cups and glasses of water. So I wondered if she had regulars coming in that she expected. She spent more time catering to the table she was setting up than she did checking on me/asking if I needed anything. In fact, she changed the channels on the TV's and setup the other table the whole time I was eating and only checked on me as the other guests got there, and I interrupted her for a box to-go. I threw my food away as I walked out... I'm not really sure why I asked for a box.Absolutely terrible food, terrible service. I will never go to this VI again... I've heard "you've been to one, you've been to all of them" - but this is by far, the worst one I have ever seen.
4	My husband and I were sat right away.  Our server was very attentive which is a kind of novelty at this type of restaurant.  Our food came out rather quickly and my coffee never ran dry.  What more could I ask for?
3	We stopped into VI the night before Thanksgiving for a quick bite. I'll forgive the minor service issues because they seemed a bit overrun with people picking up pies for the holiday. Our waitress was great, on point with refills and such and very friendly. The food was good. The pie was good. The price was good. I'll give them another try sometime to see if the lobby problems were Thanksgiving pie created or not...
1	Unfortunately, zero stars is not an option here!  Absolutely the worst service and food I've ever had the displeasure if experiencing. Being that we were at Village Inn, my hopes weren't high to begin with, but our options in this area are limited. My coffee was cold, toast was not toasted, egg did not resemble a poached egg, the sauce tasted sour, avocado was brown and my potatoes were mush. In our time at the establishment, three additional tables had problems with their orders and had part of their bills compensated. The "manager" never once came to any of our tables to address the issues. Instead, he sat on the counter at the check-out...doing nothing. Save yourself the dissatisfaction of coming here. From a business standpoint, wow, the money they must lose at this location.
4	I really enjoyed the multi grain pancakes this morning, service was great as well.
3	Friendly staff, quick service, good meeting spot for business right off the 101 ramp. The food is typical chain, but good enough for all to enjoy. Good pies for take out!
3	Went to Village Inn for breakfast. We had a 20% off coupon but the waitress told us (in a rude tone) that it was expired (by one day) and the computer won't accept it. Lame. I get it, but she could have been nicer about it. I ordered the VIB with french toast (no butter), cheese omelette, country potatoes, and cinnamon apples. It was a lot of food and all very good. Got two slices of pie to go: Boston Cream Elite and Pumpkin w/ Whipped Cream. When we tried the Boston Cream, I thought it didn't have a lot of flavor. The cake part was okay, not very moist though, the vanilla cream didn't really taste like anything, and the chocolate frosting on top was very sweet & sugary. Altogether, not impressed with that one. The pumpkin was tasty... no complaints there.
3	This is my third time eating at a Village Inn but my first time eating at this location. The company was great but the food took a while because it was a Sunday and it was very packed. The manager was very friendly and so was the rest of the staff. The waiter was super kind and answered all of our questions. I ordered the Rio Grande Skillet, with over easy eggs, grilled chicken, and pancakes on the side. It was brought to our table after about 15- 20 minutes of waiting. Although the chicken was cooked perfectly, the portion was little and you can barely taste the flavors underneath all of the green chili. It was kind of a mess under two eggs. I also had a side of hash browns and that was probably the best part of my meal. I also had the French Vanilla coffee that was quite delicious as well. If I ever decide to come back to Village Inn, I'm not going to order the Rio Grande Skillet again. I'm much more satisfied with their side of hash browns and a coffee. My party was in a rush and we were all too full for a slice of pie so we'll definitely come back to try their variety of pies.
