4	March of last year, the BF and I were in the midst of a cross country move - all the way from Chapel Hill, NC to LA. The BF was especially sad as he was leaving his NC climbing crew of 7 years behind.  So what better way to get together with some of his climbing friends who had also moved out west of the Mississippi? Meet up at the Red Rock Rendezvous!A weekend of climbing clinics, swag, and events sponsered by Mountain Gear to raise cash for the Access Fund... we quickly realized it was 80% socializing with 20% climbing. Driving in on Friday, we were quickly herded into the camping area - aka corral, complete with  a giant carpet of horse pies. Undeterred we set up camp and proceeded to take advantage of what I recall were All You Can Drink Fat Tires. Which for me is three - huh.. who am I kidding? Ok, two. We eventually met up with his friends for some grub and turned in for the night.Our plans for early climbing the next day before the clinics were modified by the fact that everyone else had the same idea. On the approach, I found it interesting to see a rather large group of people tramping across the desert off trail to get to their route... at an event benefitting the Access Fund. Then came the clinics....  My clinic, advertised as a technique class, was essentially an afternoon of learning how to belay. (snore)  For the BF, he and his buds signed up for some redpointing class led by none other than Chris Sharma. I think the most fun he had out of the class was watching the Sharma groupies drool over the guy. The BF and company then practiced "redpointing" on top rope.  Better to skip out on the clinics and climb!So why the 4 stars after spending extra cash on these clinics and a whole weekend in Red Rocks and only 4 climbs? It's a  fun way to socialize and meet other climbers. But even better, I've never met so many newbies to climbing who were so excited about climbing - people of all ages, both men and women. I think for someone who is new to climbing, it's a great way to learn basic skills and tap into the community. Oh yeah - the swag wasn't too bad either.
4	Ventured out to RRR solo last weekend and had an excellent time!  I'm an avid gym climber for over a year now and figured this would be a great way to pick up some skills to take to the outdoors.I met a handful of new people at the campground and also in my intro to climbing clinic (all day Friday).  The guides from the American Alpine Institute (AAI) were very knowledgeable!  I learned some new belay techniques and also how to rappel safely.  Saturday morning I had a Rock Rescue clinic which was good, just a lot of info to take in for a novice.  Then I went on a desert bike ride led by people from Specialized.  Good times although the trail started out as an "Intro to bike walking" (because of the sandy trails).  Sunday we got rained out and had to retreat to the local Red Rock Climbing Gym.  Learned how to set a backup rappel in my beg/int Sport Climbing clinic.  Overall the whole weekend was great.  All you could drink New Belgium Brewery (makers of Fat Tire) beer flowed freely each night at 5pm for the 21+...this was great!  We had a nice pasta dinner with salad, garlic bread, cookies and pudding on Saturday night and a solid pancake breakfast on Sunday morning.  There were also lots of vendors on site and plenty of raffles in which to participate.My only complaints were the make-shift campgrounds at Bonnie Springs.  There was a big pile of horse crap on the outside which led me to believe that at one time (before we got there) these were horse stables.  The wind was one thing, but imagine cup-loads of sand ending up in your tent...My next year plan is to do a couple of clinics and climb before and after with buddies.
3	This was my first climbing convention, and I didn't know what to expect.  However, this particular experience with red rock has been mixed.  I am going to implement what they call in the management world, a "praise sandwich." For the price of about $100 per person, you get registered for clinics, a camping pass, a bag of free loot, and access into the 'party' fair grounds.  That constitutes unlimited free alcohol for both nights, free samples, and a little shopping area for mountain gear.  And the cherry on top? Plenty of eye candy of strapping young men decked out in their prana gear. That's right. No fatties.  There is also a free dinner and a pancake eating contest--vegetarian options included. And morning yoga classes. It was refreshing to be around chill, accepting people who care about the state of conservatism and environmentalism.  Sidenote**their DJ booth was solar powered.  I was also relieved to note that there are more things to do in the Vegas area other than gamble your life savings away, listen to shitty music, and wear slutty clothes.  Red rock is actually pretty beautiful.But not so fast. Good clinics are taken up very fast, and there are not nearly enough of them to go around. It is important to note that almost no one takes advantage of the unlimited alcohol for the obvious reason-----7am clinics, and 8hour days of climbing, hiking and bouldering.  It would be foolish and non-conducive to glut ourselves on poison, so you really didn't get your money's worth.  Also, the camp ground is a dirt patch---kinda shitty, and that would not be a problem since you are barely there, but we would have liked to get some sleep being dead tired from all the physical activity.  Bringing me to my next point.  The park rangers were d-bags.  They seemed much more concerned with trying to give speeding tickets and parking citations rather than enforcing quiet hours,giving information,etc.  Gee, what a shock.  Everyone in my clinic came to the same conclusion---90% of the camp was exhausted.  Lucky us, we got to camp right next to the 50 year old divorcees who's primary objective was to get drunk and party.  Coincidentally, they did not have 7am clinics to attend to the next morning. Shudder*** my prospective future???  Also, the $100 should have included parking, but this leather face b*tch would not let us through the gate without charging us again! Seriously, red rock admins, you need to have a talk with these park admins.  Another thing is that red rock is not as far from "civilization" as you may think---kinda disappointing.  It's only a 10min. drive from the city.  And there were a disturbingly high amount of children around.  Climbing is dangerous.  Why are parents allowing this? We actually ended up leaving early because we couldn't handle another sleep deprived night on the camp ground, and had no important clinics the next morning. More pros: Well my clinic happened to be taught by the famous Alex Harrold.  Made it all the more intimidating and difficult to climb a 5.10, but it is pretty awesome they get black diamond sponsored athletes to teach you! And there are also famous climbers signing posters.  I met Chris Sharma and Matt Segal.  Both super nice. I also learned something about myself.  I am less scared of a) jumping out of airplanes b) bungeeing into a ravine c) scaling down cliffs than talkng to someone of the opposite sex. I also met some very interesting people.  One gentleman said he was going to start alpining since his children were grown up and his death would be of minimal consequence.  He was so blaze.  It's inspiring.  Abrupt ending.***
4	It's a great annual event if you're a climber. The other reviews give you a pretty good feel for the event, so I'll just throw in some PROTIPS....* If you want to get some real climbs in, come a week beforehand and let the party cap off your week of climbing, instead of expecting to get a bunch of climbing in during the event.* All the classic and easily accessible multi-pitches will be occupied during the event. No matter how early you get up. It seems like the whole West Coast climbing community comes out for this event.* Stay either on the strip in vegas or at the dude ranch and carpool on in to the event. No sense in camping with a bunch of snoring peeps, and people tripping over your stuff in a crowded makeshift campground dirt patch when civilization is less than 10 minutes away.* The actual red rock canyon climbing area (with the big scenic driving loop) is a separate state park from spring mountain ranch, where the event is held. If you arrive there for a clinic via an event bus, you're golden but if you drive yourself in for some climbing on your own expect to have to buy a day pass to get in.* If driving in to said area on your own and expect to exit after dark, ask the rangers that take your money for a 'late exit' pass so you don't get your car towed, especially if it's a rental. Let me tell you, getting a rental car out of impound will take all of your money and the rest of the weekend. You don't want that to be you.* Calico Basin doesn't really have any multi-pitch but it sees a lot less traffic than the other areas. You can successfully climb here before/after clinics during the weekend of the event. Trad climbers will be off doing stuff like cat in the hat and noobs will be over at the first or second pullouts doing sport routes. Come here to Calico for some easy to moderate TR's and some peace and quiet.* Register early. The best clinics don't have many spots and they fill up fast.* Get afternoon clinics so you can enjoy the all you can drink beer without having to get up at 7 a.m.* Bring cash. Lots of good deals to be had on climbing gear on-site and at the auctions. Unless you've got a REI 20% off coupon or some Moosejaw rewards points burning a hole in your pocket, I'd wait to pickup optional gear you might want until you get to the event. Ropes especially, man some of those Blue Water ropes were half off retail at the Blue Water booth. Obviously, bring what you need to climb - but if you were thinking about swapping out that crusty old harness or rope, you might come across some deals.
