4	Would love to go 3.5 stars but will give them the bump up to 4 because I haven't had any major issues. Ken M provided a great description below so I will try to keep this short.-Love 24/7 access to pool, fitness center, etc.-Nice size apartments at a great price. My roommate and I split a 2 bedroom. They had a special at the time and he was already a resident at a 1 bedroom. It was $899 for 12 months or $930 for 6 month lease. -The staff is friendly and they seem on top of things.-Only problem I had was with maintenance one time. When we moved in to the 2 bdrm, my shower was leaking. It was a single standing shower with a swinging door. I knew what was wrong and I told them. It took 4 times before they finally got it right and stopped the leak. They kept trying to fix instead of replace the problem, unfortunately neither of us was home any time they came.-One other downside is the lack of parking on the one side of the complex where I live. Each apartment is given one spot. Everyone else is stuck fighting for the few open un-covered spaces that are available. A few times I have had to park on the other side of the complex and walk around to my apartment. Sucks when its really cold or really hot out.Recommend if you are looking for a place. Great community, friendly people and dog-friendly as well. Fantastic location with a gas station right out the gates as well.
1	I have to agree with others that the place is located in a nice area with HUGE unique layouts ... however ... the apartments are NOT all with beige color carpet (which is something they WON'T tell you after showing the model), they are also very dark and gloomy so we spent a lot on power to give that place some light, and the staff is only nice to you when you're still under contract.  Once you give them your 30-day notice of eviction they ignore you, the maintenance isn't prompt and, like the other person said, doesn't replace things just tries to fix them and the problem still persists, and even though they are dog friendly community you have to be VERY careful ... they charge you a dog FEE not a deposit, so you will NOT get your money back once you move out ($350 for a small dog & $600 for a big dog).  I wasn't reading my papers correctly before signing them and I only had my small dog in the apartment for 6 WEEKS and couldn't even get half of my "fee" back.  The dog hasn't done ANY damage to the carpet or the apartment, but they had some carpet guys come by to inspect it and they told the office (supposedly) that there IS damage to the carpet, even if they told ME that everything looks good.  The manager VIVIAN is a total ... well I'll leave that word to the dirty mouths.  She was never nice to anyone there!  One of the lease agents Nancy was a great woman ... until we told her we were moving out.  Once we moved out and by the way cleaned the apartment spottless ... even steamed the carpet 2 times ... they still charged us $40 for carpet cleaning, $40 for apartment cleaning, and $120 for wall paint.  Now the walls were painted a different color when we were living there, but I used my own money to by the EXACT same PRIMER that they use and painted all the walls myself before moving.  The young maintenance guy told me that as long as we paint them with primer they shouldn't charge us as the guys ALWAYS paint the apartments anyways before someone else moves in...  I was sure I was safe ... until we got our deposit back!Our neighbors were also VERY loud in a sense that they would open and slam shut the balcony doors, STOMP their feet as they walked, and maybe doing karate jumps ... ALL between 10pm and 7am.  We have gone to the office to complain 3 times & they said they will let them know ... with no change I had to go upstairs and bang on their door at 4AM with my baby on my hip to give 'em some peace of my thoughts, and it wasn't pretty.  They made it sound like they had no idea that they were being loud, but they never changed even after that.  We had to sleep with RAIN SOUNDS, FANS on, as well as having to leave noise in my baby's bedroom (rain, vaccum, etc) just so she doesn't have to wake up to the banging noised upstairs.  We were so happy to be able to give our 30 day notice and were counting down the days to our move!These people are money suckers!!!  I wouldn't recommend ANYONE to move there, let alone live there with a pet.Total waste of energy, stress, and of course money!I lost $500 + what I spend on cleaning supplies and paint to live in that hell hole!My advice ... MOVE ON!
5	I am a resident for approx. 6 months at La Villa Estates.  I just could not say enough about how wonderful every thing is.  The staff in the office greets you by name every time you walk in and always with such courtesy and smiles.  The apartment is perfect, was spotless when I moved in.  Had to call maintenance for minor things two times and they responded within 20 minutes.  A night time security is around all the time.  The other residents are so friendly its just amazing.  You can't walk anywhere that you wil see another resident and immediately they smile and say Hi.  If your are driving in or out of the complex and pass another resident they wave.  Its just the greatest place, grounds are beautiful, pool immaculate, workout room perfect.  I don't agree with the lady who suggests the staff is friendly when it suits them.  That's just has never been the case at anytime when I have been in the office.  Each of those ladies are gems.  Thank you for a happy place for me to live.Rita Kaye
