5	As I was trolling Saint Catherine's  for street art, I was feeling hungry and saw this little place.Was I ever a happy camper that I did! I discovered they were only ten days old. Their chalkboard welcomed all its new patrons in this comfortable space.If you love chocolate be prepared to be here awhile to try their offerings. Upon seating they will give a sample of their hot chocolate they make in house. Then you can make your own custom drink with literally,  a world of chocolate to choose from.Besides the noticeable array of chocolate, I came in for the crepes they served especially the savory ones.I ordered the Europa: euro ham, Swiss cheese and parisenne sauce. Served with a spring mix salad and a light vinaigrette.  It was incredible! It completely hit the spot.  Just right amount of dressing with a surprising touch of finely diced onions. Made the salad for me.  The crepe was flavourful and filling.  I finished every single thing. Completely satisfied by the meal and finished off with a nice americano.Service was fast and friendly. Prices I felt were reasonable. If I lived in Montreal I would be a regular.
5	This was simply awesome.  A friend recommended it and when they offered the chocolate sample when I walked in to check out the menu, done deal.Got the grilled chicken sandwich with fries.  Both were great, but the accompanying fruit with chocolate - awww hell yeah.  (Check out the pic I posted.)Also appreciated they let me substitute eggs with bacon.  Friendly staff.  Was surprised to see this place so quiet while all the tourists flocked to the restaurants who had a patio because it was the first nice day in a week.
4	Very nice environment. The service is good and so is the food.
4	Great dessert place, especially for Chocolate lovers! Nice place to get together with friends. Definitely worth it to order the specialty hot cacao drinks. I loved the Venezuela choice. We were 5 and shared the Bitter Chocolate Experience for two, it was yummy and more than enough! Would be back!
4	Stopped in for dessert, and was definitely not disappointed. Loved the simple, yet comforting decor. The waitress was super friendly and was really helpful when we asked her questions regarding the different types of chocolate. They brought out a tiny sip of hot chocolate and a bite of waffle to sample before we even ordered which was nice. We ended up splitting a banana, strawberry, and 55% belgian chocolate crepe. IT WAS ENORMOUS. We contemplated ordering two but thank god we didn't. It literally covered (and overflowed off) the plate. So glad we listened to the waitress's recommendation to order the 55% chocolate over the Nutella. The chocolate was just sweet enough to complement the fruit nicely. Best of all, the crepe was only $8.50! What a deal. Definitely a great place to pop in for dessert!
3	In a failed attempt to find a wine bar in Le Village, we ended up here for some dessert. Preferably anything chocolate. A kowinkidink? I think not! We walked in with high hopes. The air was filled with buttery aroma from fresh-made crepes and the decadent smell of cacao beans. Ahhh...We knew we were going to be in for a treat...Their menu showcased a myriad of dessert options such as crepes, parfaits, chocolate something pizzzas, cakes, and cookies, as well as an impressive list of hot chocolate drinks. It was a cold night and the sound of something hot and rich was music to my ears. I decided to go with the CIOCCOLATA CALDA (Italian-style hot chocoloate). The menu states it's "one of the most amazing treats in the world!" Well, I couldn't say no to that, can I? It was indeed very rich and decadent. Not your typical American hot chocolate, the liquid is very thick, almost pudding-like and not milky at all. I like it! Dark chocolate is my thing and this one was leaning towards that with a pleasant hint of bitterness. For about $9 CAD, although the portion is generous, I would also like to think they only use quality cacao beans. It was a lovely treat!I wish I could say the same for the crepe. We got the NUTELLA CREPE with bananas and strawberries. This took forever to come out but that's not exactly why I wasn't happy with this order. The crepe was huge! Filled abundantly with fresh fruit slices, I dug in and shoved the first bite in my mouth. Wow, that was underwhelming. Maybe I had too much sweetness from the hot chocolate already that my taste buds could no longer appreciate the subtleness of this crepe? Maybe... The strawberries were sour so that didn't help my cause either. The crepe, I almost couldn't taste it. I wish I ordered it a la mode but that was such an after-thought. I would've ordered a savory crepe if I didn't want anything sweet. It goes without saying, I've had better!  Skip the crepes when you come here and indulge yourself with a hot chocolate instead. WiFi is free, YAY! However, service was slow and they weren't even busy. Hmmm... This place is alright!
3	The place is huge and empty.  So I ordered 5 chocolates to go for 10$.  It is actually cheap as I buy chocolate all the time for much more (Godiva, Grandbois and Laura Secord just to name a few)My main concern is about presentation and it was weak.  By the time I got home everything looked like a mess, That is 1 block away.  Why not like everybody else in the chocolate business have dividers so when you open that box you are happy with what you see and then start tasting each of the gems you just purchasedMaybe charge a bit more and make sure the presentation is there.  Friendly, hipster staff, quick service.  Acceptable since it is 5 minutes walk from my home.  I would not sit there as it feels too big and lonely.  I can buy on my way to work a  much much better overall experienceGood luck!
5	We had never heard of this place previously but oh. My. God. It is fantastic! We ordered the black and white chocolate fondue and it was not too sweet and not too rich but perfect. Everything is good. It's got a great environment to peopl-watch cause it's in the gay district and the service was great. I would definitely recommend!
5	Had the most amazing dark hot chocolate here. Marshmallows were weak. But I stuck with the 5 stars because I can't wait to have this again !
5	If you want a dessert, look nowhere else, this is THE place!If you had to choose between sex or dessert, go with dessert from Cacao, trust me. Not to say you can't do both, but the sex just won't compare after the dessert options Cacao has to offer. Honestly, take the extra trip to come for the sweet treats they have to offer either after lunch or dinner elsewhere. We opted for the Tutti-Frutti Waffle dish (which I would recommend splitting for two) which really had it all; ice cream, caramel, chocolates, dipping sauces, bananas, strawberries, and delicious waffles. Everything blended so well no matter what combinations you laced your spoon with, it was an orgasm coming at your mouth in every bite. I also went with a chocolate shake to wash it down and they made a proper shake with just the right amount of thickness that you can still use a straw without blowing out your cheeks trying to suck your face in for a sip. If you're only in the city for a day, this is the dessert shop to be at!
4	What a great place to bring your date! Their desserts are very good after a nice hearty meal from any of the many restaurants on St. Catherine.Their crepes and fondue are simply decadent!
3	Went for brunch here the past weekend.Pros - Friendly staff- Nice atmosphere- Toast is amazing- CleanCons- The eggs are like rubber. I'm assuming they are done in a microwave - No drip coffee (don't bother with Americano. small cup and not worth the price.)- Menu is beyond out of control. 1001 choices (my personal preference is when a restaurant sticks to a certain number of dishes rather then bringing a binder full of options.)- The price for breakfast vs. quality is ridiculous.
