5	Wow! The crew was so upbeat and energetic you couldn't help yourself from smiling and being in good spirits.  Even with this being their opening,  they still made time to welcome you,  shake your hand and ask if they could assist you. I was very impressed.
1	Very disappointed at the service provided by the store!!! Even Wal-Mart has better customer service.  You cannot return anything there!!! I have the following when I try to return my Xbox One:*Gift Receipt*Xbox One (unopened)*It was purchased on 11/22/13 so it was well with in the return periodI got an Xbox One as a gift but I already have one, so I try to return it at the store (Unopened and with the receipt). They said I have to call to return it because it was purchased on their website. I called their supposed "store phone number" but is a call center in India that handle their store phone call. They cannot transfer you to someone at the store at all!When I told her I want to return my new Xbox One, they told me I have to get the credit card number and email address of the person who give me the gift!!!! I explained that it was a gift but she said she cannot help me without that info. After going back and forth with her for 10 minutes, I ask to speak with a supervisor. She put me on hold for 15 minutes and told me that because I don't have the order information (I guess the receipt and order number isn't good enough) they cannot escalate my call to a supervisor. She pretty much told me she cannot help me. I asked to see if maybe someone can call me or I can email someone she said they don't have that! What? Microsoft does not have a customer service email?I'll probably going to sell it on craigslist or something and get me a playstation 4. At least if I buy something from the Sony store or Apple store I can return it.Bottom line - if you are going to buy a Microsoft product, buy it from Amazon, BestBuy, Wal-Mart, etc... because at least you can return it!
4	This was my first time visiting a Microsoft Store; the layout is actually very similar to the Apple Store.  There is many staff in the store and they provided excellent customer service, and was quickly able to answer all the question I had.  Unlike some Microsoft booth that I heard only got the surface.  This store got almost the same stuff you find their Microsoft Online Store and same price.  It will be funny if this store is next to the Apple store.  So if you are a PC person and shopping for a tablet, phone, or laptop.  This store is worth to visit to.
1	Went to the store to buy an Xbox One for titan fall and the girl could not answer any of my questions. It took 25 mins to pre-order the system. Asked about a surface pro 1 and 2 she took me to a RT which is not what I wanted, She then went on to tell me that the only difference from the 1 and 2 is price .... Good Selling. Asked about student pricing could not get it for me and said she had to go in the back and grab a surface to scan it to get me a price.... after waiting 10 mins I walked... If you know everything about the product then go here and buy.. If you have questions do not shop here staff is not helpful
5	After getting fed up dealing with a bunch of "uncaring idiots" on the MicrosoftStore.com online tech and sale support lines, I decided to go to the Microsoft Store located in Fashion Show mall hoping for better luck in exchange the new Surface Pro 3 I just bought a few days ago. Would you believe that their online people wanted to give me refurbished replacement when the brand new one they sent me a few days earlier was defective?????  They also transferred me to 5 different people and none of them can assist me with the exchange process.Anyway, I went to the store early in the morning and was greeted right away by one of the staff. I told her about the problem and needed to exchange for the brand new one. She led me to another employee who went through the whole process and replaced my Surface Pro with another new one without any problem. The employees at this store was so different than their online counterparts. They are very friendly and helpful. They even offered me a cold bottle of water, which I thought was fantastic.These guys at the store really changed my mind about Microsoft products, because I told myself after dealing with the online sale and tech support idiots that I will never buy Microsoft products again. NOTE TO MICROSOFT: You need to re-train your microsoftstore.com online sale and tech supports better if you want to grab market share from Apple. Send them to the Microsoft Store in Fashion Show mall and learn from these guys.
1	Been there twice to learn about their XBox and games.  Stood there for several minutes, no one acknowledged me, asked to help me, either time.  But both times someone younger showed up and within seconds they were acknowledge and helped.
1	Walked in to look at a 3d printer and started looking at the software associated with it. We are rudely yelled at by DON and escorted out of the shop. He claimed we aren't allowed to do that. As I walked out, he walked over to another customer and with the same rude attitude told them off about looking at a product. DON needs to be gone. That's not how you run a store. I will never come back nor buy a product from this store again. Ridiculously rude.Any to clarify if there are multiple DONs, it's the one with the brown curly hair. So disgusted with this. Will go spend my $1000 elsewhere.
