4	mouth-watering and delicious.the yum tofu salad is my current favorite. the pad thai is delicious. the spring roll with plum sauce is to die for! the line out the door can't be wrong. everything is similarly priced to other thai restaurants but it seems like you get just a little more than usual.
2	While the lunch I had at Sala Thai wasn't BAD, it certainly wasn't good.I have to say that my ginger chicken over rice didn't taste very ginger-y at all, and had sort of a fast-food chinese food type gravy.  I was totally underwhelmed.The decor was nice though.
4	I quite enjoyed my dinner here.  There is a nice selection of vegetarian appetizers and my meal was nicely spiced.  They offer your typical Thai dishes, priced at roughly $7 an entree.  The decor is nice and the service was pretty good.  It's not a huge place, so I assume it can fill up during peak times.
4	wow this place is good! I don't understand why they put orange slices in your water but it doesn't matter because their stuffed chicken wings made my day!!!!
4	I like that this place is in my neighborhood. It was fun watching them convert the space from an old empty nothingness to somewhere nice to meet up with friends for lunch or dinner. I have to admit though that I am an utter wimp when it comes to spicy food. I grew up with mac and cheese and have very little tolerance for spicy heat in foods. It sucks at times. Anyways, I usually get the crab rangoon to start and it is very tasty, light and crisp. For an entree I usually get the chicken curry because I love it so. I'm no afienado about Thai food and can not comment on its authenacity , I just know that I like it a lot. There hours can be somewhat spotty. I don't remember when it was exactly, but I recall stopping by to get lunch and they were closed and it seemed a very odd time and day to be closed.
4	The decor, especially in the view from the table by the door at the fountain, was like being in another world.   So was the spring roll.  Fantastic texture - - substantial, fresh, bursting - - with a delicately sweet/savory sauce.   I asked for a recommendation and at first thought that the green bamboo-shoot-predominant coconut curry would be too monotone, but over time it was sublime.  The combination of curry, coconut, shoot, and mint eventually becomes complex, numbing, and intoxicating.   Great service, nice atomosphere, well-prepared food.
2	Meh- for a place that is supposedly owned by the people who make the curry for the Corner Store on Willy Street (best curry i've had in the US), I was horribly disappointed.  We showed up at 8:30pm, which is a little late since they close at 9 but still seemed okay, I think, and even though there was only one other group in the restaurant, they told us it would be a 15 minute wait.  We stood our ground, pointing out the 15+ empty tables in the restaurant, and they finally grudgingly sat us.  From there, everything moved very slowly......we had some spring rolls that were about 95% lettuce (supposed to have shrimp in them?) and my massaman curry was pretty bland- just a bunch of beef in some sauce, without the usual potatoes, nuts, and a few vegetables. All in all, the atmosphere is nice with a lot of decorations straight from Thailand, but for good food and service, go anywhere else.
3	I was so happy to have a Thai restaurant open within walking distance of my house.  My husband and I, alias Meat and Potatoes Man and Veggie Girl, visited shortly they opened and loved the food and homey feel. Their vegetarian curry was as good as any I've ever had, and we enjoyed chatting with our server, who appeared to be the owner.   We were sure this would be a favorite to visit often.  Unfortunately, the next time we stopped by we found the hours reduced and the place closed.  The next time we came, it was simply closed -- on a zero-degree Saturday evening.  We were not amused.  I haven't been able to talk him into going back since then.
4	I had a green curry and tofu pad prik, both were quite good. The Green curry was spicy without being overpowering, or more specifically it was that good cooked in spice rather than just adding more paste. This is a good place.
5	This is, hands down, the best Thai/Lao food in Madison for the price, and probably tied with Lao Lang Xaang for best in class, period.  I'm not sure where others are getting their spring rolls, but Sala Thai's are consistently delicious and packed full of goodness, whether the veg or shrimp are ordered.  The Thai curry puffs, fried shrimp and fried egg rolls are some of the best I have ever had, anywhere.  The tom kha soup is delicate, flavorful and spicy, and chock-full of button mushrooms dotting the surface.  Curry dishes do not disappoint, and range from light and delicate to hot and spicy.  There is almost invariably enough for another meal to take home.  Staff are often no-nonsense, but if you go there enough, they are quick to welcome you back time and again.The owner's father recently passed away and the restaurant was closed for a time as she traveled across the globe to attend to her family's affairs.  We're so glad that you're back, Sala Thai!
4	Been here a couple of times now and I'm a fan. Nothing fancy, just good food, reasonable prices, and fresh ingredients. The veggies in the stir fry dishes are cooked just enough - they retain all of their crispness and flavor. It's a shame that most of the Thai places in town overcook their dishes.The presentation isn't fancy - it feels a little like a home cooked meal, if your mom cooked really tasty Thai food. A great choice if you're looking for an inexpensive meal in a casual restaurant.
4	I love this place.  My biggest complaint is that the hours are limited!  The Tom Kha Tofu is amazing.  Rich, but not heavy, perfectly spicy, and wonderfully complex, not to mention generously portioned even as takeout.  Other places seem to give me just a pint when I get takeout as opposed to a full portion.  I'm not sure why.My other dish of choice is the green curry with tofu.  Lots of well cooked veggies and nicely textured fried tofu swimming in slightly sweet coconut curry that marries a soothing texture with nose-tingling spice?  Yes please.Service can be a bit slow, but I seem to find myself there at either really dead times (not a lot of kitchen staff to expedite food prep) or times when they're absolutely slammed.  It is especially worth noting that even during the very busy times, the food has never been less than tasty.  The veggies might not be as elegantly sliced, but that's all secondary.  It tastes just as good, and I appreciate that they take a few extra minutes to make sure the food meets standards.  Nice atmosphere, delicious food.  Limited hours and sometimes slow service bring it down a star, but it's still one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
4	I had a nice meal.  Red curry duck.  I would have liked more duck, but the taste was great.  Quick in and out.
4	Sala Thai might be my new spot.I'm a sucker for good, spicy thai, and i have been searching around Madison for my favorite spot.I have had Bahn Thai, Ha-Long Bay, Lao Laan-Xang, Sa-Bai Thong, and Vientiane and i have to say this may be the best bang for your buck as well as the most flavorful.The curry puffs are as good as i have ever had and you get 4 humungous puffs for 2.95. If you like spicy, go with the green curry, probably one of the best curries i have ever had.Overall this place is worth the short (5-10 minute) drive from campus for how inexpensive it is. Most dishes run between 7-8 dollars, with a few above 9. All the appetizers are between 2-4 and you get a significant portion. You could easily come here with 4 people and spend 8 dollars each for a large amount of food.  I look forward to returning
4	So, the service is a little slow -- who cares? That's the only weakness here. The food is lovely, the people are charming, the prices are insanely reasonable. This is now my new Thai-go-to in town. Yum!
4	Good food and a good price.
5	Went here on vacation and loved it.  The decor was festive, the tables are spaced far enough apart that you feel like you have space, the wait staff was friendly and attentive, the food was great, and so was the price.The panang curry was exceptional.
4	This is by far the best Thai restaurant in Madison. Up until I ate at Sala Thai I hadn't found any Thai restaurants in Madison that I liked. The decor is great. Having visited Thailand before it reminded me of my vacation there and made me really want to go back there. The Tom Yum soup was great as was my yellow curry. My SO got the peanut chicken and that was delicious too. I will return there for sure.
1	We recently went to this restaurant because of the good reviews we read here at Yelp.  Sadly, we can barely review this restaurant because the door was locked even though their hours said they were open and there was an "open" sign in the window.  I tried the door and then noticed that there were people inside hiding behind some tables!  What the heck!  Not a good way to run a business.
4	I came here en route to Chicago. Impressed by the menu & enticed by the Lao menu. Of course, for whatever reason , Lao dishes are always way more than their Thai counterparts despite widely same spices. I digress, food...Thai tea-awesome one of the best I've had, no skimping on the size, 1/2&1/2, sugar or flavor. Excellent!!Gai mok- very excited as I've only had the fish "version" which is amazing. It wasn't steamed long enough and the middle was cold. It was ok, but overall wouldn't get it again. The cold part just turned me off. Laab gai Lao style- was kinda sad they couldn't prepare it as a cold salad (which is how my nephew's Laotian family serves it and how I had it in Thailand) but they tried their best to accommodate although when I asked them to put it in the fridge after prep as it would be take out, I don't think they understood as the waitress said they don't have a fridge. Gai yang (bbq chicken) with papaya salad and sticky rice- outstanding, the chicken was boneless breast, well marinated, delicious, the sticky rice perfect along with a side of papaya salad, pefect, just like you would get in Thailand. Outstanding. Even the table next to me asked what I ordered and commented it looked very good. It was so good, I wanted to share it with him...then I thought that would be weird, so I didn't offer.
1	Quite a few people have posted their glowing reviews of this particular restaurant, and I can't help but wonder if I'm on a bad acid trip or these people have never been outside of their special box.  I've got permanent, major wang for Pad See Ew, and Sala Thai's version definitely puts the ewwwwwww in it.  That was some seriously sour, overcooked, squishy noodles.  I also ordered two veggie spring rolls and was surprised to find that they resembled a wet paper towel wrapped around a bunch of lettuce.  So why would anyone purposely put wet paper towels and lettuce in their mouth??Well, I like to live dangerously, and I'll try anything once.  It turns out the sauce is pretty good, but no amount of good tasting sauce can save lettuce wrapped in wet paper towels.We also tried two other dishes, a curry type deal that I can't really remember, and some thai fried rice.  The thai fried rice was an abomination.  In fact, Bandung has much better thai fried rice, and other thai dishes and at the same cost as Sala Thai.  Finally, yes, these people are friggin' slowwwwww, and you know, it would be ok if the food was worth it, but sour, overcooked food and wet paper towel spring rolls is not.
4	I decided to check this place out after a friend commented about how good the Thai food was here.  I went in and the decor is just what I would expect if I was going to Thailand and sitting down at a nice restaurant.  Staff was friendly and not pushy.  Ordered the Panang Chicken Curry and crab ragoons.  The ragoons were tasty, not overcooked nor normal Chinese ragoons.  Spices were added to the cream cheese and the outside had a crispy crust that went well with the sweet sauce on the side for dipping.  The curry came with a side salad with a little more than necessary ginger dressing.  The curry was served on a large bed of sticky rice and the sauce was not too spicy or bland.  Very delightful array of veggies- carrots, potatoes, and onions; but the large basil and bay leaves left in the dish forced me to remove them prior to digging my spoon in.  Overall, I hope to return to try some of the other dishes.
5	Good food, nice service.I've tried yellow curry with chicken & sweet and sour shrimp - both dishes were really good. Place is superbly welcoming - live plants are everywhere. Come in, chill and enjoy
4	I live a block from Lao Lan Xiong so rarely venture elsewhere. I have to admit I am tiring of their menu which has never changed since the day they opened. No specials either. So, I was ready for a change and headed to Sala Thai. I had eaten there before and liked it. I had E6- cannot remeber the name. A stir fry with chicken and 3 types of mushrooms in a spicy sauce (no coconut milk). It was totally yummy. The veggies were cooked perfectly and the spice level was just right (I asked for medium). My boyfriend had the Or Lam. It had a broth rather than a sauce. The dish was somewhat flat, with little flavor. The beef was a bit chewy. The experience with the Or Lam would not stop me from returning. The menu is very extensive and I think the quality is high. The service was a tad slow but I was so happy to see them busy I did not care. The waitress was friendly and helpful.Give it a try. You will not be sorry.
4	When you ask for it extra hot that IS what you get!  Loved the meal Thai spring roll, and E6 delightful hot enough to make me cry just the way I like it.  Would eat here again in a minute!
4	This place is a solid four-star eatery, it's not super fancy, the food is very good - not sure what else you would want from a neighborhood place.I do have to 'jab' at a couple of the folks who rated this place 'low' - especially those folks with more than a slightly 'arrogant' streak - children ya know who you is :)I especially loved the reviewer stating he/she was on a 'bad acid trip' - I think this likely - this individual also suggested folks who liked this place - were somehow ignorant of the cuisine and she thought it deserved only a low rating - well each to their own - I'd avoid the acid trips while eating personally
5	My favorite Thai place in Madison. Ordered the C5 (panang curry) and C6 (panang curry with stuffed chicken wing). Both were excellent. I've never had a bad dish there.
4	Had another excellent meal tonight. I had the cucumber salad with spicy dressing. Sweet and tangy and a bit hot. I also had N3 which was a bean thread noodle dish which came with chicken and shrimp. It was excellent. Spicy but not too hot. Plenty of carrots and a yummy brown sauce.Very reasonably priced. Be sure to try this neighborhood gem.
3	Good neighborhood restaurant with easy on-street parking.  I am a big fan of the curry squash to the point of craving it at times - it is spicy, creamy and delicious, as well as the cucumber salad  I tend to avoid noodle dishes there as the noodles always seemed overcook and soggy, and we don't care for the pad thai which is otherwise a staple for the kids when we go to other Thai restaurants. Service is very hit or miss.  It can be quiet slow to get service and food even when there are only a few other customers.  Once when trying to pick up carry out and waited 20 minutes past the time I was told to pick it up, I was told quite sharply that it was "not ready, go sit down!".  Still, that curry is quite yummy ....
2	1.  Strange Hours: 5pm-9pm on several days of the week.  Huh?  2.  Spotty service:  I placed an order to-go and waited near the counter.  So why did the other waitress (there were only 2 of them) have to ask me about my order?  I told her and she promptly headed to the floor to serve some other seated customers, doing nothing with the info I shared with her.  She did the same for another guy who was just picking up an order placed over the phone, asking for his name and doing nothing, all after seeing the other waitress attend to him.  Odd.3.  The wait:  Pad Thai should not take 25 minutes to prepare.  Also, if I order it WITHOUT peanuts - a common allergen - please don't tell me you put peanuts on it by mistake and ask it was okay.  I specified no peanuts firstly (ok, ok, I'm not allergic, I just hate the taste) so what was the point of asking?  That added another 10 minutes for the new dish.4.  The food:  I had the sticky rice and sweet mango which was a very pleasant surprise.  The pad thai lacked "umami".  It just wasn't tasty.  The noodles were overcooked in a sauce that had obviously dried down too much.  The sauce had an odd, sour and tacky tamarind taste that did not coat the mouth the way delicious food does.  There was no oral satisfaction.  After every bite was chewed and slid down my throat, it was as though the next bite was my first.  My mouth did not seem to recognize that I just ate something.  Really weird.  5.  Ambiance:  I liked how this place looked and would gladly dine here again if I could be guaranteed a yummy dish.
4	I've eaten at Sala Thai at least a half dozen times. Each time I very happy with the food. I recommend it to friends and family.A bad sign: They have stopped accepting credit cards. We were told to go to the ATM at the corner gas station. This is a shame as this will most surely hurt their sales. Also, it makes me wonder if they are going out of business. I will continue to eat there as long as they are around.
4	Of all the Thai Restaurants in Madison, I think the food here is the best, but parking is a problem and there is a language barrier issue.  The bathroom is very clean and amazingly decorated as is the whole restaurant!  Just gorgeous.  I had ordered something and the waitress did not ask me my choice of meat and brought shrimp. I am deathly allergic to shrimp - tried to explain this and she just didn't understand.  To avoid any problems, I reordered and we brought the shrimp dish home, husband ate it.   It's a little out of the way and the service is a bit slow but I still feel it is the best Thai food in town.  The prices are bit  high but as they say, you get what you pay for for.
4	Had the Green Curry and it is hot!!  My sinuses were cleared out by the pepper but it was so good.  Carrot, zucchini, green beans, and bamboo shoots with a large serving of rice and chicken made this dish wonderful.  The tofu, tomato, and chicken in a chicken broth soup preceded the meal with crab rangoons (4 large handmade come on the appetizer menu).  Hot Jasmine tea and water with an ever pleasant orange slice rounded out the meal.  Had leftovers!Update: They no longer accept Credit or Debit cards.  Only cash or check.
3	The food was good, but it wasn't great. Something about our entrees was just...off. I ordered the yellow chicken curry and my better half ordered the chicken stuffed with pork and shrimp. The food came out in a timly fashion, so I couldn't understand why it wasn't as hot (temperature) wise as I had expected, and my dish was not as spicy as I had hoped either.Surprisingly, the spring rolls we shared were fantastic. Fresh, light, and pretty to look at. My favorite part of the trip to Sala Thai did not come from the food, but rather the patron that left the restaurant, went to their car, and came back in to pay with change from a glass jar. Ohhh the East side.
4	Wonderful Thai meal, relaxing music, great attentive service. Will visit definitely go again!
4	EXCELLENT. SO EXCELLENT. Why on earth did it take me so long to venture over to this place??+ Primarily a Thai restaurant; there are a few Laotian and Vietnamese items, but the majority falls within the Thai realm+ Love the ambiance; open, yet cozy+ Generous portions, reasonable prices+ Very friendly service+ Very excellent curry and Tom Yum soup; some of the best I've ever had+ Super fresh spring rolls - obviously made upon order + FINALLY, a place that supplies a little heat; I love that slow, consistent burn- Cash onlyI will be back. Guarandamnteed.
4	My husband and I have been talking about going to Sala Thai for quite a while now and tonight we finally did. The decor is quirky, adorable and not too noisy. The service was an oonsy bit slow (hence the 4 stars rather than 5), but charming & lovely all at the same time so it balanced out.The food was seriously kick-ass, all around flavorful & perfectly done. We started by sharing the pork pot stickers and a spring roll. The pot stickers were crunchy, but not at all greasy, filled with delicious pork and just the right amount of spices. The spring roll was fresh, clean and crisp with a myriad of textures/flavors. We enjoyed both very much.For entrees, I had the Panang Peek Gai and my husband had Panang with beef. Both were right on point and we fully plan on ordering them again - hopefully very, very soon. The Panang Peek Gai consists of a spicy peanut sauce served over chicken wings stuffed with pork & glass noodle which have been fried to perfection. I LOVED it! So fantastic! My husband's Panang with beef was decadent, just the right amount of heat blended with sweet notes and richness. The beef was tender and every flavor melded together perfectly with after hints of Thai basil. Our server was charming and she was always available for whatever we needed. Great job, Sala Thai! We will be back very soon!!!
4	Great food, similar to all the other good Thai restaurants in town. My favorite is pra ram long song - fresh steamed veggies with peanut sauce. Squash curry, yellow curry, and musamun are also fantastic.The dining room is very small, and it fills up in the evening. Service is hit or miss - mostly hit, but sometimes very slow, and it can be hard to get a recommendation or make substitutions when there's a language barrier. We've never been served the wrong food.Quick Tip: Squash curry is always spicy, no matter how zero-stars they claim it is.
5	I've been to this place many times. I am surprised it doesn't have a higher rating, but I suspect it might be because it isn't particularly fancy. Yet, if you want some classic Thai food, this is my favorite place in town.Sala is a cozy house they have turned into a restaurant. The family who owns it is super nice and they use all their own vegetables from their own garden. If they run out, or don't have enough, they supplement by buying from the Farmer's Market in town. This care to quality shows in the food. My husband and I have never had a bad experience. If we order take out they are always very fast. The food is always fresh tasting, spiced appropriately the way you prefer. In a lot of ways, I think Sala is a hidden gem. It's affordable, friendly, fast and delicious with fresh flavor and good standards.
3	Coming here with a great expectation after being recommended by my supervisor on campus and reading some reviews from some elites, I am afraid to say that this place doesn't leave some good impression with me.We were welcomed by the waitresses. Very nice and warm. There were a family who came only two minutes before us and a couple only five minutes after us. So, we were the second customers. However, we were the last customer served. I understood that they received many take-outs too, but waiting for 40 minutes for two kinds of orders was a little bit too much. Right before we sat, we noticed a notification glued on the wall: No credit card/debit card. Only Cash and Check. Good to remember, for any future visits.We were then seated by the window. I appreciated the effort of the owner to make this place as Thai as possible with all the Thai decorations. Good job on the decoration. The place is also clean. Next, the service. We were served by one of the waitresses- which I guess was the owner (maybe?) because she is the oldest and looks very authoritative compared to other staff. She is a very nice and funny lady. She is very "touchy" to my husband :) which I suppose because we look Asian! and we are:) She greeted us and asked my husband right away: Are you Thai? and touched my husband's shoulder. A very friendly gesture viewing it from the Asian's perspective (I only hope she doesn't do this to others hehehe)We ordered chicken egg rolls and Thai tea for starter. Ehm, unfortunately, it wasn't too yummy. It was cheaper though: We got four pieces for only 3 bucks. I know other place has better egg rolls.  The Thai tea was not great either. Just so so. My husband ordered some curry chicken fried rice. I ordered some seafood curry. Both of us agreed that this dining experience was not impressive at all. We may be back to try what other Yelpers have suggested: to try their chicken yellow curry. We know for sure we are not going to try their Seafood curry and the fried rice. We want to give it another try- but not in the near future!
1	We were visiting Madison and thought we checked out this place because of its good reviews.  However, the food was really salty - especially pad thai.  I found the waitress (older lady) a little bit rude, in the middle of ordering she cut us off since there were people coming in... she said "it's taking too long, I have to attend to them..." but we were just getting started with our orders. I also noticed that she was extremely nice and polite to the other customers and not to us, partially because I think we were "non-white." (at least this was my impression).  When we addressed our concerns about the salty dishes, she got defensive and did not do anything about it.  She apologized towards the end about,  but she still charged us for it;  she also tried to over charge us but luckily we caught it, so please check your tickets before paying.  She ruined my dinner experience and was very disappointed with the food.   I have had better Thai food before and will not recommend this place.   We will never go back there again!!!
5	My wife loves curry dishes and we've tried almost every spot in town and have decided this is amoungst our favorites.Cash only. Very good.
4	Went to Sala Thai two nights ago, was very busy but received our appetizers in a short amount of time and entrees commensurate.  Small restaurants like this keep their costs down by mostly family running the place, so when we have been there, there has been momma cooking in the kitchen and daughter tending the front of the house.  Two people can only do so much so fast.We have had Pad Thai in many places around Madison but we think this is the best, with the right noodles and sauce the limes, not lemons.  The Vietnamese Egg Rolls were crispy and seemed fresh made and the peanut sauce was the perfect compliment.  This time, I had the Curry Combo, which had potatoes, pineapple, green beans, pork, shrimp and chicken.  This had a red curry sauce that had just the right amount of heat for me.  Lots of pork and a good number of whole shrimp (watch for the ail shells which were still on) but I didn't find anything that seemed like chicken (though it may have had a similar texture to the pork).A very pleasant meal once again and a great place to go back.  The waitress remembers us every time.
3	I went here a little bit ago with my boyfriend. I got pad thai, and I don't recall what he got. He loved everything but I was less than impressed. I thought the pad thai was average, and there are definitely other places I'd rather go for my Thai fix. I would be willing to give other things on the menu a try, though. It's a ton of food and really reasonably priced. We got 2 entres and an order of pot stickers and we're out the door for ~$25.The restaurant itself is really cute, and the older lady that waits all the tables is gracious, nice, and pretty funny. They also only take cash! And no atm, so come prepared.
4	As far as Thai food goes in Madison, this is the best. I have lived here for a couple years and until yesterday haven't found good Thai food. Having been to Thai land several times and coming from San Francisco (great Thai restaurants every where!) I can say without a doubt that they know what they are doing. I got take out so I can't speak to service, but my food was hot and ready right when they said it would be and it was delicious.
5	Have tried several different things here. All are extremely good and have not been disappointed. Several items bring the heat as they should so be prepared. Oh so good.
1	This was my second visit attempting to use a $25.00 Restaurant.com certificate.  The first visit I realized that with plate prices between 9.50 and 12.50 that between two of us, we couldn't possibly meet the minimum purchase of $50.00.  My second attempt to use the $25.00 off was tonight with 3 friends.  We started off with an appetizer of Chicken Satay with peanut sauce and a cucumber salad.  YUM.  For entrees, Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, Pad Wu Sen, and Squash Curry.  Very good, all of it.  The noodles on the Pad Se Ew were overdone, but OK.  The problem came with the billing.  The $25 off Restaurant.com certificate clearly stated that it was not valid on Saturdays.  Well, it was Friday night.  Our server said that the certificate was no good on weekends.  I clearly stated, showed her the highlighted exclusion for Saturdays, that it was Friday night, and that the exclusion is not for weekend nights...just Saturday.  She understood, and asked her co-worker to explain to us that the coupon isn't good on weekends.  I again said, it is Friday.  It's no good on Saturday.  She left, talked to a cook who hollered at her and nobody came back to talk to us and re-explain why the certificate was no good.  We left the full balance of the bill, plus generous tip, but will not go back.  It was very frustrating.
4	Sala Thai is great. I've eaten here many times since moving to Madison, and I've always been happy with the food.On Saturday, I ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry. It was fantastic. It was a generous portion, and they didn't skimp on the chicken. It also had just the right amount of spice. Really fantastic dish, and I can't wait to order it again.In the past I've had ordered the Pad Thai and a few of their stir fry dishes, and they have always been top-notch. Their eggrolls are also very good. They also have a decent selection of bottled beer and wine.The restaurant space is nice and cozy, and can get crowded on a Saturday night. Service is always friendly, and while the food doesn't always come out super-quick, it's worth the wait.They are unfortunately cash-only, so plan accordingly. It is somewhat unforgivable in 2014 to both not accept credit cards AND not have an ATM available in your restaurant. This alone prevents me from giving Sala Thai a full 5-star rating. Otherwise this is really a perfect little Thai restaurant with fantastic food.
