2	This is a bizarre CVS, the kind you would only want to go to in a pinch, and maybe not even then.I went to this one with my husband a couple of times to pick up prescriptions, and the vibe from start to finish is so weird. Let's start with parking, which is in a lot behind the store. There's not a lot of visibility to the lot since it is on the back side of the CVS. Being that it is a pharmacy, there wouldn't be a back door or windows, so the lot has a feeling of dangerous seclusion.Inside the store, everything I saw told me that "this is a pharmacy that is in a rough neighborhood": shelves are only about 4'6" tall (presumably so workers can see what people are doing in the aisles); bizarre things are locked in cabinets with clear covers (regular brands of shampoo?!); beauty items regularly updated, weren't (I, er, have a nail polish problem; some of the products were about 4 seasons behind and quite a few polishes were separated); it feels like there isn't enough room for the products, which are disorganized and crammed onto shelves (reference the odd shelf height limitation).If you can spare the gas and time, there is another a CVS on Center Ave within a mile or so or a Walgreen's (Penn Circ S+Trade St.) and a Rite Aid (Baum+Negley) within 1/2 mile.
2	I go to this CVS all the time, since I work in the neighborhood.  I'm not a huge fan of it - I go mostly due to convenience.  Their greeting card selection is kind of lousy - I don't think I've ever found a decent card here.  I keep trying, every holiday or birthday, but every section is just full of duds.  Also, a lot of stuff is locked behind panels that you need the employees to unlock.  Like, razor blades.  And body wash.  BODY WASH?  It drives me nuts that I need to ask someone to open that shelf for me.  It makes no sense.  Staff is hit-or-miss with friendliness.  Some people are cheerful, and some act like they want you to go away.Good things - I love their coupon rewards.  I guess that's for all CVSes, not just this one, but it keeps me coming back because I get mad style coupons like every other visit.  And I had a good experience getting a walk-in flu shot from the pharmacy from the friendly (and quite attractive) pharmacist.  I'm just not crazy about the vibe here.  It just seems kind of depressing, with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies, but you can't beat this one for convenience (for me, anyway).  And they have a parking lot, if that helps you.
4	The Rite Aid on Baum used to be my pharmacy, but I flipped to this CVS location because of the convenience (on the route to/from work).   At first, my experience was not unlike the other recent reviews.  I, too, hate having to ask the clerks to open the locked compartments that hold the razor blades, etc.  BUT...The pharmacy staff is terrific.  I have NEVER had friendlier, more knowledgable and more responsive pharmacy staff at any other drug store.   The service is first-rate and the extra care and attention to detail is deeply appreciated.
1	Never again. Let me repeat, never again. The primary reason I used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions. Due to their repeated inability and ineptness in fulfilling simple requests, I cannot continue to patronize this store.Walking into the store, you are given the stink-eye by a minimum wage security guard, which automatically gives you as a customer the warm and fuzzy "guilty-until-proven guilty" feeling a shoplifter would get, which is what this store assumes everyone is based upon their decision to lock up the mouthwash and shampoo.The pharmacy seems to be staffed by high school interns.  They have no concept of customer service, nor do they display any attention to detail, which is quite frankly frightening in a pharmacy.  I really think my chihuahua would make a better pharmacist than the people who work here - my chihuahua lick you to death before you got your prescriptions, but at least you'd get greeted when you approach the counter, and you'd get what you ask for.The first mishap was when my wife and I changed prescription insurance providers.  i handed wanna-be pharmacist #1 my new insurance card.  After spending about 5 minutes staring into a computer screen behind the counter, he assured me that they had my insurance information in the computer.  I then returned in the following days to fill a prescription, trusting in what wanna-be pharmacist #1 had told me in the days prior.  When I went to check out the bill came to over $300, which I chalked up "maybe I have to meet a deductible before the coverage kicks in."  Upon further research, we discovered that wanna-be pharmacist #1 had NOT updated my insurance information and had run the numerous prescriptions I filled under my old insurance.The latest of many "adventures" involved my wife calling in a prescription refill.  We stopped to pick it up on the way home from work, only to be told when we arrived that the insurance won't cover the refill until tomorrow.  Again, she CALLED and SPOKE to one of them to refill the prescription before showing up.  I guess it's too much to ask to TELL someone you're speaking to on the phone that they need to wait a day for the insurance to work before coming into a ghetto pharmacy to not pick up a prescription.  But hey, at least wanna-be pharmacist #2 behind the counter was dressed like a stripper, which gave me and my wife some comic relief for the moment.  We then returned the following day to (again) pick up the prescription we called to have refilled 2 days prior.  We were first told by wanna-be pharmacist #3 that there weren't any prescriptions waiting for us.  After searching around for a few minutes, they "found" my wife's prescription refill, but it would take 10 minutes to be ready.  Yes, the prescription that we tried to pick up yesterday would need another 10 minutes to be prepared.  Hence, I am now here, writing this review.Never, ever again.
2	The times I've been here, its been an OK experience. However, their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located, Walgreens and Target end up getting most of my quick-shop business, simply due to late hours at night when I need to cook, clean, realize I'm out of toothpaste, have a headache, need a last-minute birthday card or whatever.
