2	The Tron is one of those bars that always seems like a good idea, but then when you go you realise its actually disappointing and you should have gone elsewhere. Down a steep flight of stairs is a rather dull pub with not much going on. The drinks aren't great quality, I hear the pints are like "piss water". We once had food here and it was nothing more than mediocre. What I hate about the Tron is the toilets. Call me old fashioned, but I like to do my business in a clean environment. Maybe that is my OCD coming out? I don't know. One night I went here and out of the three toilet cubicles one was missing a door, one didn't have a lock and the other was well... you don't really want me to go into detail. I was once told the standard of toilets tells you a lot about the quality of a place. That visit put me right off for good! The Tron is very popular with students though, so it does okay and is quite busy on a Friday/Saturday night.
2	The bar is well stocked with everything you would expect and being an establishment with a large student customer base they sell some 'interesting' (read disgusting) liqueur shots with flavours like Creme Egg and Toffee Apple (I feel queasy just writing about them).It's location in the Tron Square means that it attracts a fair few characters ranging from bona fide jakeys to young emo and punky types. I get the impression that it probably gets pretty rowdy in here at night.The tables are a bit sticky and dirty, but I don't think people really mind that much. It is a cheap place, and a pint won't cost the best part of a fiver.
5	I love this pub. I love the fact that no matter when you go in, you can get a friendly atmosphere, have a good laugh, and really enjoy your company. I love that when I come here, I dont have to make an effort, the feeling is so relaxed and laid back. I love that this place does great food - from burgers with as many toppings as you can think of to chilli con carne and rice. I love the pub quiz here on a monday evening. I love the banter with the bar staff. I love the secluded booths and the open seating areas where you really get to know everybody.Over all, I love this pub. It is my most favourate in Edinburgh.
3	The Tron is a Scream pub, which are magnets for students. This is probably to do with their winning formula of cheap pints, fully stocked bar, 2 for 1 meal deals and quiz nights. All Scream bars thus attract a throng of people after a gruelling day of studying is over, or even when a hard day of studying seems too much like hard work.I always enjoy my time in The Tron. The bar staff are friendly, there's usually a good atmosphere and, like most, I am attracted by their cheap booze deals. The food is decent pub fayre and the service is good, leaving no cause for complaints.It can get mobbed at the weekends and it's not the kind of place that's full of Stiletto's with a backlit bar. But it's more laid back than a lot of places in Edinburgh, and for a pub in the student arena selling cheap booze it's nae bad!
3	Ah, and here we have The Tron. If you had to do that Family Fortunes type thing where you try and guess where most people in Edinburgh would name in a top five list of the best bars to get drinks deals any night of the week, I'm fairly certain The Tron would rank pretty highly in all its thrifty glory. It ain't pretty, but it doesn't purport to be, it just does what it says on the walls, so you have to admire its consistent luring of punters through its doors. Where low prices beckon, students follow, so if you want to meet a significant population of any of Edinburgh's universities, then I suggest making this one of your first stops. Having a few cheap vodka mixers to start the night off never goes wrong though, and it is all good harmless fun. Plus it's pretty much the gateway to the Cowgate, so everywhere you would want to head on to afterwards is nice and close by.
3	If the Tron was located next to any of Edinburgh's student accommodations I'm convinced it would be a massive hit; the fairly priced grub and drinks, comfy seating booths and laid back environment all justify this.Unfortunately, it's not and thus seems like a lackluster affair in the middle of a competitive area.
4	I have to admit that I really like the Tron, even though I know it's a bit rubbish really. It was better a few years ago but there is something about the cave like bar downstairs that really appeals. It is part of the scream pub chain so, like with the Crags, you know exactly what you're getting. They have all the same drinks (a great selection downstairs but a bit more limited upstairs), itboxes, jukeboxes, pool tables and those shooting video game things (which is appalling by the way, it never ends which is normally a good thing but this is deathly dull), and a stupid game where you can win an xbox or something similar. The atmosphere is always good fun, despite being near the centre of town you don't get too many fights (probably because of the huge bouncers outside). Although nearly always packed, there are loads of little alcoves to hide you and your friends away in, so you are not all crammed together. The bar staff are really friendly and are lenient with the yellow card deals. Another added advantage is that unlike the Crags you don't get big sports groups coming in and acting like arses, pissing everyone else off. The Tron is basically an average bar, but I have always had a good night there, and with cheap booze you can't complain too much.
3	It's alright to come here to sink a couple of pints, but not really the place to have a long session. I normally come here to just catch up with some friends or to watch the football, rather than making it a pre-going out pub. It's a "Scream" owned pub so therefore is very student orientated. They have good drink prices and normally have some type of special on. Downstairs there is a pool table and a more cosy area for seating as well as a jukebox, whereas upstairs there is a quiz machine.I come here sometimes for a bite to eat too, the burgers they sell are actually pretty sicky, I really don;t know why I don't learn my lesson and stop buying them. In all fairness, the last time I went there, they were out of curries so couldn't go for a curry and beer instead ( which is a lot, lot better). The Burgers taste like they have just been microwaved, and the buns are made of really cheap bread that always crumble in your ands before you are finished with it. I guess you can't really be expecting too much, because it is really very cheap, which does make up for it I guess.
1	From the get go, I wasn't exactly impressed with this bar.It looked promising enough as a place to start our night out but once inside, you realise they're playing Westlife songs and their staff are needlessly rude. After being asked for ID for the first time since moving to Edinburgh in September, the bar man who served me literally threw my change back into my hand.When another friend joined us with no ID, the bar maid said it was ok for him to stay just not to drink. She then obviously told her colleague, who came to tell us that he couldn't stay - to be honest I wasn't disappointed to leave here and move on!We had a good night in a few other Edinburgh establishments and had no trouble with anyone else's staff..!
3	You know exactly what you're gonna get with the Tron which is a good and a bad thing.On the plus side you've got cheap pints, location dead centre of town and bunch of other skint young folk to hang out with.Negatives include the "cave like" feel to the whole place and variable food.Every self respecting student probably has a soft spot for this place... so I say go to the Tron, start you're night with some cheap drinks and good chat, then role on any whatever slightly more sophisticated drinking establishment takes you're fancy.
4	A solid pub fayreDrink specials during the weekCentral location
3	Tron.  Serves it's purpose - cheap drinks and food.  If it's the end of the month, just before pay day and you need a cheap light refreshment and standard "ok" pub grub then come along!  Primarily a student venue (I felt pretty old hangin out here), current cheesy pop tunes on the boombox and cosy seating in the wee rooms off the main bar area downstairs.  If you are lucky enough to have a student card you can apply for a discount card, offering money off drinks, offers vary depending on the day of the week.  Location is central and everyone knows where it is, I find myself using The Tron as a navigational way of describing where things are.  Tip: Girls, mind yourself going down the stairs to the toilets in big heels!  It's steep and mind yer head!... Or maybe that's just me after a few to many drinkies?!
3	Once a church, now club...Worth 'Open Edina' visit!Festival staple.
4	A great pub with a decent selection of beers and drinks at reasonable prices.I remember specifically one of the things I came here that there was karaoke? And that the guy was "singing" Black Sabbath? I think I'm going to chalk it up to a one time deal but it certainly made an impression on me.
3	15 years ago The Tron Ceilidh House was a unique pub with dark corners and torture equipment hanging off some of the walls. In the years since it's gone through a cycle or two of renovations, doing its best to capture the student, sport, boozy and tourist markets. It sits in the middle of the city and does what it does with good humour and character. The pub is only a short stumble from the City Cafe and the Advocate - so if you can't get a table in the former and can't face the latter you might have found a reasonable compromise here.The pub's on three levels: ground floor captures some passing trade but isn't too big; the middle level is the largest, extending under the road; down the bottom you'll find a performance area that gets used during the Fringe. Sadly the torture kit doesn't appear to have survived the renovations, but maybe it's in a box somewhere for special occasions.
1	The Tron looked like a great spot for a pub lunch, and was just off the Royal Mile. When we got inside, the place felt kind of dirty. The barmaid wasn't very friendly. They weren't busy at all, but somehow food took an exceptionally long time anyway.I really wanted their Wild Boar and Chorizo Burger, but sadly they were out. I had to settle for Haddock and Chips, which also came with mashed peas for some ungodly reason. The fish seemed more frozen than fresh. It was kind of tough and a bit fishy tasting. The batter was good at least, so that's something.My wife got their tomato basil soup, which was chunky as opposed to creamy. I didn't taste it myself, but she said it was like Chef Boy-R-Dee tomato sauce.Needless to say, we left a lot of our meal uneaten.
