4	Yay, a brand new Buffet opened today!     :-))Had the pleasure of running in the door this morning for the Grand Opening of this new Buffet as soon as it opened for the first time.     :-)     It occupies the former home of Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet, & the layout is the same as it was before but of course the menu is somewhat different with new owners.Mike C. & Robyn N. joined me, & for this first day there were 117 main food items, plus more coming out as we were eating.  There is Sushi, a Mongolian BBQ, & many of the selections we have come to expect from an American "Chinese" Buffet.  Some of the special treats for me today were tasty cottage cheese, fresh (not canned) pineapple chunks., & EIGHT kinds of real ice cream & sherbet!Things were a bit bumpy for their very first day, with issues of getting all of the food out on time & having the various items at the right temperatures, but the food was nicely varied, mostly delicious & the staff was lovely!I plan to stop back here for lunch again in a couple of weeks & see if it's up to it's 5 Star potential at that time.  Meanwhile, this nice new place IS a welcome addition to the Valley dining scene, so I'd say give it a try & see what you think!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99
3	This is the location of the former Hibachi Buffet.CLOSED.Another great buffet bites the dust.
1	If you like food that has been sitting out for a dangerously long time without properly maintained temperatures in the midst of bleak looking gaudy decor all wrapped up in a ridiculous price then this is the place for you. If you want anything fresh you would have to wait 30 minutes to an hour just for them to replace it. It was like a creepy cafeteria.By the way, what happened to the ice cream?And have fun getting sick after you are finished with your delightful meal.They even put false photos of a really nice looking buffet in their mailing advertisements, it is NOTHING like what they describe.I just wasted $20 that I could have spent at many other great places like The Golden Buddha, and I probably would've ate more food over there since I wouldn't have gotten sick.
4	I am very surprised.  It is huge, clean, and very well stocked.  Was everything perfect?  No!  It is a buffet!  You don't pay $7.99 to eat at the French Laundry.  For sheer volume?  This is probably as good as it gets in Phoenix.
3	huge open space, looks like it was a dance hall.very helpful staff.very wide variety of foodnot much open on christmas day.  they need some better lighting to show they are open.sushi, sherbert, grill, several soups. very nicea bit more expensive than the usual at $10.99 for dinner
3	Closed.  Mixed feelings since the food tasted good, but it is always opening and closing which is scary.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =So sad, so sad.  This nice Buffet bombed out after only five months.     :-(
