4	Loved the citrus basil, though my brother wouldn't be bothered with it.  What he was thrilled with was their chocolate tart.  Before we left the market, we stopped in again and blew more money on their chocolate.  I think that the sales lady was surprised to see us twice in one day.Chris R. gives more info on their unique chocolate combinations and I'm sad that I didn't see his review since we skipped the delicious sounding spreads.  Boo.  We did get the double chocolate bread, though.  It is exactly as Chris R. described it- not so sweet.  But I'm still enjoying it three days after purchase (not sure how I didn't attack this right away) and to Chocolats Privilege, the bread isn't as dry as sand.  At $3.85, it was a steal even if it wasn't super rich or chocolate-y.
5	I love this place. I wish they had a better website, because I would order all of my chocolates from here. Gourmet and sophisticated chocolate store. One of the best I've ever seen. I brought home a box of cookies for some friends and they were obsessed. The best place to go for artisan chocolates. Hands down.
5	One word .... Awesome.Worth a visit if you are in Montreal. Our eyes were bigger than our bellies the day we stopped by. I purchased some chocolates as a gift also, however they never made it back to New York. Delicious!
4	Chocolats Privelege is a very nice small Chocolate shop selling local made cocoa products!  They have an excellent selection of both milk chocolate and various blends of dark chocolate with almost anything you can imagine inside!  The chocolate is of high quality and texture (important in chocolate).  It appears to be one of the only local chocolate places in the Marche (if you don't count Premiere Moisson).  I bought some milk chocolate and it was really nice creamy and had a great flavour!  Excellent spot for the chocolate lover or sweet tooth! Price is higher than you would pay for a bar chocolate but it feels good to support a local business and not always Nestle, Cadbury or Mars!
