1	This is impressively tasteless. I adore Chinese food but this place is really unacceptable, not even mediocre.
1	Awful chinese food.  There are so many better places around south Charlotte than this sad excuse of a restaurant.  The food is tasteless, service is crappy, restaurant is dirty.  Please do yourself a favor and skip.
2	Transplant from the northeast. Tried the General Tso's, sauce was more like teriyaki and chicken was overcooked. My 11 year old loves Chinese and I got this at 7 pm so he was pretty hungry, had about 3 bites and was done. Look elsewhere.
1	Average Chinese food.  Don't drive too far to get there.
5	Solid $4.99 lunch special. You get exactly what you expect from a takeout chinese joint, a satisfying cheap meal of hot and saucy bits and a gosh darn decent spring roll. They even give you a drink with that deal. Crazy cheap and quite tasty.There was an uppity white lady in there ordering after I ordered (hey, this is relevant to the review, stick with me). Anyway, she kept trying to order fried vegetables, no sauce. As in, 'just oil' I guess. But they don't do that, it's white sauce or steamed. They were very clear and patient with her, their English was great. I got it, she seemed smart enough to get it. But she was clearly rich and entitled and very impatient. Anyway, she finally gave up and left as I was leaving, then she went to Subway. The point being -- are really nice folks here, so don't act like an entitled meanyface. Order what's on the menu or go somewhere else. Who creates static with someone who's about to prepare your food? A dummy that's who.Her loss, the food is great, and their awesome patience bumped this from a four star to a five star.
1	One word sums up this place - yuck.
3	Not bad.  Not the best I've ever had but not the worst either.  Would order out again.
4	I eat here regularly and have never had a bad meal (as some reviewers lament). My family loves the chicken and broccoli. Consistently very good. Same goes for the spring rolls. And you can't beat the price for lunch. It fast food Chinese and admittedly not very fancy inside, but it's good food.
2	It breaks my heart to write this but this summer my favorite Chinese hole in the wall for the past 13 years has been sold and after giving it 3 tries I have to say it's just not the same.  Not even close.   We have tried all about old favs and they are only half as good as prior.  Soooo bummed!  If you know of any place I should go between Waxhaw and Matthews please let me know.
