4	Vaqueros is ostensibly part of a chain, since I have seen them around other places. But make no mistake -- the people cooking here have a brand of their own that Casa Grande locals may recognize.Vaqueros is fairly new. When I pass it in the morning, there are always people in the drive-through. I finally got curious enough to stop by for dinner take-out. They are indeed open from 5 am to midnight most days, serving up breakfast burritos in the morning hours.It didn't take long looking at the menu to recognize that it is almost identical to the menu of a long-time hidden secret in Casa Grande that closed last year, Ruperto's. I had heard that the Ruperto's staff had opened or was opening a new restaurant, and this appears to be it. Many of the same dishes Ruperto's was known for appear on the menu at Vaqueros. The most distinct is the 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. The guacamole is unique and extremely good -- it is a favorite of my daughter's and she recognized it at once as being the same as Ruperto's. We also ordered carne asada tacos, and a burrito and enchilada combo -- all were great. The rice is awesome, but the refried beans could use a little work.All in all, a great and quick stop on Pinal, which has a dearth of good restaurants. Feed your family of 4 for under $20.
3	Pretty good carne asada. Portions are Hugh M. Unguss.  My appetite was too big for my stomach this go-around.  Had the super-huge bowl of Menudo, and a carne asada quesadilla.For the menudo, oregano is not included in the setup, you have to ask for it, and there is no option for flour tortillas or bread. The tripe was a wee bit firm for my liking, and there was a lack in hominy.  The broth was good and flavorful though.The Quesadilla was HUGE! good meat, cheddar cheese.Super big portions, reasonably priced, roasted/salted, super hawt jalapenos! A-OK indeed
5	This go around I opted for the bacon egg and cheese breakfast burrito (served all day!) and lengua (tongue), cabeza (head, and cheek meat), and carnitas (roasted pork) tacos.  The breakfast burrito was the tastiest, bacon filled treat I have ever had! I love bacon, and if you don't love it as much as I do, the bacon overload may be too much, I swear there might be more bacon than egg in this bacon bomb!I should have figured that with a price of $2.50 per taco they would be slightly bigger than the average taqueria taco.  The size of these things are gAstronomical, and the flavor of each are equally proportional, the lengua, however,  would've probably been better if it hadn't been sitting in the cold whilst I ate the other three items!I will no longer be eating carne asada at this place when I have the option of carnitas, cabeza, lengua, or bacon.  I advise you to do the same!
5	The best mexican food in casa grande. Really good prices. I've tried their nachos, carne asada burritos, and menudo, all are excellent. They have a nice salsa bar as well.
4	This place is great! The chimichanga, super nachos, and beef tacos are yuuuuummy! My husband is a fan of the salsa bar, the drinks are overpriced, and the girl that took our order was rude, but  I will be going back. That chimi haunts my dreams ;)
4	We like their fish tacos! It's a very small restaurant located in a sparsely populated strip mall. They have a drive-thru and their service is really fast. We've only been there once, but we'll be going back soon.
5	Delicious lengua tacos here!
4	Good food, not great but good. The prices are reasonable but the portions are for two haha
1	Friend talked up the place. I was very disappointed, the cashier who was not new kept asking the cooks for help ringing us up, she did not know the prices of anything and ended up overcharging us. When we requested easy ice for our horchata she literally filled the cup with ice. The lengua was the antithesis of what good lengua should be and was barely recognizable and the tortas had the brownest avocado I've ever been served.
2	Mexican food is easy to find around here. I will go to one of the many other local establishments from now on. I have been to this location twice because I did not think it was fair to leave a review on a single experience. Today I went back and things weren't much better. The carne asada clearly is cooked days in advance and is just scooped out on an as needed basis. A little personality from the woman working the counter would be nice. I am sorry that we inconvenienced you to order food. Prices are high, portions are large, flavor is fair. You be the judge. I've had far worse and I've also had much better.
1	Horrible! I was hungry for a green chili burro and remembered this place was right off the freeway. Pull up to the drive thru window and see a sign saying, " 50 cent charge for debit credit", no big deal as im hungry. The lady opens the window and i see flys creepin out. I counted at least a dozen, which prompted me to leave but again i was hungry so i decided to stick around. I get my burro and to my surprise its heavy! Im thinkin ahh yea bout to grub. First bite into it and all i get is rice!  Not good rice but rice thats bland as all hell. Who puts rice in a green chili burro?!?! I unwrap it and all there is is rice, beans and shredded beef... no green chili... how is this even called a green chili burro with no chili..Im leaving one star for the fact that..  Tons of Flys were present inside the building Rice was bland and overcookedMeat was flavorless No green chili!On a brighter note the beans and tortilla were pretty good.. but not $6.51 good.. Avoid this place and go hit up nicos by the little caesar. There food is actually good!
