5	white people dash into the grocery store to pick up a bottle of chard to go with their olive garden take-out, mexicans go to the grocery store to shop, eat some food, buy some bootleg cd's and see their cousin at the checkstand and make a day out of it. PHXRNCHMRKT embodies this tradition and so much more. the entire left side of this megastore is like 15 excellent restaurants all smashed together. after you order your food, walk to the jugeria (spanish for jugeria) and order a large horchata mixed with strawberry.
5	MERCADO DEL PARAISO. That is not my review, but rather what is written on the side of the Ranch Market building. After reading other reviews of this place, I already had a feeling it was going to be good...but the Paradise Market...hmmm... Made me ask myself what my idea of a paradise market would be. ( In case you were wondering, it would include Gael Garcia Bernal, Alejandro Fernandez, Juanes and other latinos guapos pushing shopping carts... shirtless.)Anyway...focus!...Walking in from the parking lot, I could already hear lively music spilling out of the store. My blood started to sizzle with excitement. Then, right after crossing the threshold, I beheld a thing of dazzling beauty- carts and carts of aromatic and fresh pan dulce. I knew this place and I were just beginning a long and promising relationship. My roommate and I wandered around the pan dulce display cases, salivating, pointing, giggling. We opted not to purchase as we have way too many holiday sweets left over as it is. We continued on to the jugeria where I had the best horchata I have had in a long, long time. Too much of the time horchata is watery. The Ranch Market horchata was so flavorful and creamy. I drank it just like a little kid who doesn't even let the straw leave their mouth for a moment. We then wandered throughout the whole store. I know I probably looked awe-struck because it is overwhelming. It is bustling and frenetic and packed full of food treats, smells, conversation...LIFE. Be sure to pass by the tortilleria and take in the smell of freshly cooked tortillas. Also, don't miss the meats! Chicken feet! Tongue!  Tripas! Oh yeah! AWESOME! Who the hell would ever want to go to a Safeway again when shopping can be this entertaining?I'll be sure to go back soon for some pan dulce, a raspado or some lunch. More than anything, I'll go back for the experience because that's what this place is- a cultural experience.
5	When I want to feel REALLY white, I just roll on down to Ranch Market to confirm my suspicions that, yes, I am in fact not as Hispanic as I think I am.  This store is what Food City WISHES it was!  It takes the best of Mexican specialty stores and eateries and combines it all under one roof.  Shoppers here are mostly Hispanic with a few adventurous gringos thrown in here and there.  But workers there are friendly and know English - some better than others.Holy crap!  I can't believe it's taken me so long to review this place.  I only go here ALL the time for cheap delicious down-home Mexican food, cheap produce, and Spanish rice like Grandma used to make.  I've been going to Ranch Market for about 10 years at their stores in Bakersfield -- where they first started.  I used to make fun of my mom for going to lunch here.  Heh, look who's laughing now.  I'm addicted!The food here is no-frills authentic and seats inside are picnic bench style.  It's not uppity Mexican fare like Barrio Cafe, but it's not Filiberto's diarrhea fare either.  Everything from chile colorado, chile verde, calabasitas, sopes, mole,  tortas, carnitas, chicharrones, tamales, ceviche.  You name it, they have it.   And that's just in the deli.  They have a panaderia with all kinds of cakes, flans and pandulce (sweet bread).  I LOOOVE pandulce.  They even have a jugeria (juice bar) tortilleria, and a counter for fresh cheeses and cremas. And the produce?  Cheap and abundant.  I got some bananas and tomatoes just a little over one dollar.  Don't think about getting any organic veggies here.  This isn't the place.  This is also not the place for low-fat shopping either.  But it is so many other great things that the other stores aren't.Best of all is the atmosphere inside - it is REALLY festive - like you're at Tia and Tio's fiesta.  Mariachis and bands abound here during the weekend.   Dang!!   Fry's, Safeway, Basha's - take note, por favor.  You're on notice.
5	Get your passport, we're going to Mexico.Can't find your passport?  Still waiting for it from the State Department?  No worries, pack your bag and head to the Ranch Market!This place is the best!  The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.  And the produce department is crazy!  2 lbs of grapes for 99 cents, 8 cucumbers for a dollar, 17 cents for a bunch of cilantro, 7 -- YES, SEVEN pounds of watermelon for 99 cents.  You can go crazy with produce and not break the bank.  The tamales are huge and the tortillas, oh the tortillas. Don't be frightened, don't get intimidated, it's just a grocery store people!
5	Phoenix Ranch Market III is an absolute MUST for any person visiting Phoenix, Az. Forget the upscale breakfast and faux southwest shops that dot and line Scottsdale. Forget the 'burbs of Peoria, Goodyear, and East Mesa. Don't let your visiting family leave without making a trip down to the Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th st and Roosevelt. Yes, this is south of the I-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at Macayo's Cantina. At Phoenix Ranch Market you'll find a side of the city that nearly all of the transplanted surburban population seems to want to ignore, or just completely forget. This is Phoenix being Phoenix, not Phoenix trying to be a new Los Angeles or anyplace else.After having breakfast at a carbon copy brunch eggery, I was in need of something less perfect and faux. I found exactly what I was craving. When you can hear the sounds of mariachi or radio campesina from your car parked at the other end of a packed lot, you know this isn't the local Kroger you're about to enter.Part grocery store, part food court, part village market, PRM is huge, it's overwhelming and it's surprisingly clean and comfortable - this isn't a low rent grocery like Food City. With a fresh seafood section two or three times the size you'd find anywhere else in Phoenix, and with parts of animals you've probably never prepared at home, it's fun to just look, but even more fun to buy. Want meat? Want better options? Better cuts? Want an entire skinned cow's head with the eyes intact and staring at you? Check. It's all SO GOOD.But that's just the meats. They make their own tortillas onsite with a literal factory and small army of workers churning out the flat corn and flour awesomeness. Hungry? Want mexican food? Want great mexican food? ALWAYS consider going here. Think of anything on a restaurant menu and you have it here. Prepared fresh, and a la carte. Seriously. Tamales of any kind. Horchata! Cow Tongue! Burritos of immense size and stuffed with anything you want. Some of the best beans in town, rice, and parts from a pig that still actually look like parts from a pig. This isn't the mall food court.The place is packed with mostly hispanic families but you'll also notice a few adventurous types, including my asian self. Most of the employees speak english very well so language is not a barrier. The only times you'll need help is when asking what is that? And like mentioned above, the answer just might be cow tongue (which by the way, is good, however I can see how the texture would turn some people off. Imagine a soft almost too mushy beef...)Oh. The food is also cheap. You'll get more than full off of $5, you'll explode at $10. It's seriously like heaven here. Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods. All of it awesome. I met up with my friend Amy.The.Kidd for 'lunch' and we ended up spending almost 4 hours just walking around, back and forth, trying each new item we found, or trying the standards but knowing they were going to be better here. Mmmm. Horchata, great corn tamales, rice, beans, empanadas, warm fresh tortillas... bring everyone. This is a place that should be in people's minds when they think of Phoenix, not just the golf courses, or upscale Scottsdale, or Frat/Sorority Tempe... but South Phoenix. No matter how scary it is for suburban soccer moms to venture down there.Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime.
5	Oh my jesus is this place fantastic. I experienced Ranch Market for the first time last summer. I'm not familiar with the holiday, but it's the one where they bake tons of cakes with little babies in them..? Someone help me here. Back to the point, it was EXTREMELY festive, and I don't know if it was the heat, or that I was tired, or that the place was just so decked out in colors and people and decorations, but I got sick. Sick to where I had to wait outside by the car for my company. Hilarious. Needless to say I was a little frightened, so it took a little while for the curiosity to pique again. Second time was yesterday evening. Perhaps it was because instead of being a busy Saturday it was a slower (still busy, though) Tuesday that I was able to survive this visit. The boy decided to use it for a school project so I tagged along to see if I could help. The second we walked in the door however, all hope in my helping him was lost. My mind was in a frenzy as I decided where to stop first. The Jugeria for some Horchata? Or the restaurant for some asada? Or maybe the bakery for something sweet...? Found out the Horchata is way too sweet (but delicious) to drink alone so I shared with the boy. Grabbed some kind of sweet roll from the bakery that we practically fought over...and oh my! It was Taco Tuesday at the restaurant! I ordered 4 asada tacos for $2.99 and thanked the lord my boy is a vegetarian. Best carne asada ever! And the atmosphere in here is great. Oh! And they're open late. 6a-11p. The employees are friendly and the customers (mainly families) are just so full of life and happiness (or maybe it was the Spanish music blaring on the loudspeaker?). All in all, this is a new fave. I will most definitely be looking into more of the daily specials and sweet rolls.
5	This place is awesome.The Traditional restaurant as well as the deli style restaurant inside.The assortment of food items is amazing, too many good things to choose from. And the prices are great.It is a great experience, if you like Mexican food you must go and check it out. This is the closest thing to Mexico without being there. After eating it is great to explore the rich colors and products in the market.And don't forget the Sunday brunch with tons of choices and lots of traditional entertainment.
5	stimulus overload!!! and i loved every moment of it.  i SO wish i had a store like this near my house.  each isle brought new delights to my eyes.  specialty mexican items everywhere.  my mind was racing with all the things i could make.  unfortunately i'm just visiting and can't haul food home.  the fresh cheese section was intense, as well as the seafood, meat, produce and hot food booths.  i seriously couldn't make up my mind what to buy and try.  i was in this palace for 1 1/2 hrs!! a grocery store!!  i ended up with the carnitas burrito which was one of the best i've ever had...and it only had beans, rice and carnitas in it!! no shit.  i also tried the camarones ceviche. coulda used some more limon y chili for my taste, but the fresh avo on top was bombey!!  the fresh jugo bar was insane.  it was also cool being the only whitie in the building.  this evening, i didn't see one other geras. just me.
5	Gotta love this Market.  I take people here as a sort of a tourist attraction.  They have everything and it's all fresh.  A total culture shock, but fun none the less.
4	So I visited this unique market after reading some of the glowing reviews from other Yelpers and I must say the Phoenix Ranch Market is awesome. Like any good market the wide variety and abundance of fresh food at PRM makes shopping at the old chain store a boring old chore. The operative words here are fun, vibrant, and cheap. I went on a Sunday so I kicked it off with a steaming bowl of menudo, a beef tripe soup with a ton of garnishes so you can personalize your bowl. After I finished I wandered around filling up on fresh tortillas, dried and fresh chiles(my mole can beat up your mole anyday), my eyes were agog as I absorbed the sight sounds and smells of the bustling market. My favorite area was the meat counter where patrons bickered with the butcher over the best cuts and a peeled cows head stared blankly at me.  I swear I saw that thing blink at me.  Anyway a great place to visit if your in the mood for a tongue torta and some mariachi music.
5	Best place to go when you are feeling blue!As a fresh new transplant to the area who knows absolutely no one besides her beyond retired neighbor who hits the pillow by 4pm, I often find myself slightly lonesome.  Instead of watching another episode of entourage, I decided to see if you yelpers were right....THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!Not only were my new Mexican friends staring at me because I was the only white gal in sight, but probably because I was beaming from ear to ear!  From the outrageous meat section to the beautiful bakery I think I could easily spend a whole day there.  The store was extremely easy to find and for a whopping $1.88 I left with a gigantic cucumber, 2 over-sized oranges and at least 2lbs of grapes!  Great place, cant wait to go again!
5	Everything about this place rules the bakery, my fav is the pan dulce and they have never ending varieties of everything, the kitchen part is great food to order great prices, the refresco cold drink bar with fresh fruit yummm. It is a huge place and has lot's of elbow room. If you are into meat you will love their meat dept. it is muy gigante! FUN FUN place for everyone for sure!!
5	What makes Ranch Market so great is that it creates a fantastic experience for its customers. When you enter through the sliding doors for the first or thousandth time, you immediately understand what Ali Baba must have felt when he uttered, "Open O Simsim". For if you've entered through my favorite entrance (the West entrance), you'll be flanked by rows of 7' glass pillars filled with bejeweled pastries for sale.  The experience only gets better from there. Truly, Ranch Market is more of a destination for me and less of a stop. Highlights for me, include but are not limited to:- having a smoothie made for you from fresh fruit and vegetables that are both peeled and pureed for you  - a produce area that reminds you of that great farmers market where the wooden carts are pilled high with produce so fresh you can feel the earth still holding on to the vegetables - fans dancing throughout the store with streamers hanging from their blades - a cafateria style food service area that rivals most modern mexican restaraunts - ceviche that both tastes like the ocean and smells like limes hanging on tree -
5	This place is great!  For starters, when you enter, its very colorful.  There was some spanish music playing overhead, and loads of things to look at.  They have a huge meat department, groceries, bakery and everything im between.I wandered through the isles and liked what I saw.  I ended up eating a breakast burrito at thier food bar at the far end of there store.  I think this is a truely southwest expereince to come here, and I wish I had known about it when my friend Jason came out last October.  They also have a lovely resturant attached to this place (as if the store itself won't do it for you) and that it authentic in itself.
5	My husband and I lovingly refer to Phoenix Ranch Market as Food City on Crack!  This place is amazing, but be prepared for a bit of culture shock as this is a truly authentic Mexican grocery store.  I have only walked the perimeter of the store, which is the bakery, fish market and carneceria. The bakery is phenomenal,  I would especially recommend the dulce de leche cake.  Next stop fish market, with an excellent seafood spread.  You can order food-to-go straight from the market, I recommend the shrimp ceviche.  Next stop the meat market - Wow!  Some interesting food you would not find at your local Albertson's.  Carne Asada (marinated) is an excellent and cheap choice to take home and have a mexican bbq in your very own backyard.  The restaurant next door is also very good - great seafood enchiladas.  There are also soom little shops with items you would expect to find at a border town shop.
3	I don't want to be controversial, but most of these crowning reviews are from those not likely to have seen what a true mercado may look like, and yes, I'm referring to ethnicity.  Phoenix Ranch Market is the Knot's Berry Farm to Mercado Tipico's Disneyland.  Its a noble effort to bring Mexican staples and unconventionals to the big city in the middle of Arizona, USA, but the product are tinged with americanization; from their weekend menudo, which is wholly rubbish, to the carne which is a grade above what you would get in a true Mexican market (damn FDA).  Though the latter may sound like an unusual gripe, its that stringy gato-grade-meat that makes fajitas and tortas uniquely tasty.  I was impressed one time, however, when my buddy Graham snagged a few pounds of fajita meat for the SuperBowl from PHX RM, and they marinaded it for him in a sturdy plastic bag which included whole jalapenos to boot.  However, I beleive it was Graham's skill on the grill that made them very tasty and moist rather than any particularly amazing grade of meat from the Market.As a hispanic, the place feels appreciably disingenuous.  Sure, they sell the liquados and the pansitos, et al, but if you plopped this place in Mexico pt 1, it would fail from poor quality by Mexican standards.  By all means, if you don't know the difference, then knock it out.  You won't know what you are missing anyway, and you can get your ethnic dinner party needs and a sandia drink while you wait.
5	Best expirence you'll ever have in a grocery store, yeah i said it,  someone give this place a low star review with a real profile photo. Five starts all the way for the ability to make a Market place a destination location.  People come from all over the valley to enjoy themselves and family to a food adventure. Clean, fun, great music, and a lot of people watching entertainment.   Personally I don't know what most the stuff is inside here but the smells and quality speak for its self.  Take a step out of the box and into Hispanic culture.I recently ate at the restaurant inside it is definitely worth the try.
4	TRAVEL ALERT/ALERTE DE VIAJE: The State Department wants you to know about new travel restrictions for entering and exiting countries subject to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiatve, including Mexico. As of June 1, 2009 travelers must possess either a passport, passport card, or WHTI-compliant identification to enter the US by air, land or sea. Contrary to popular belief however, Americans will be able to visit the Phoenix Ranch Market without documentation.GENERAL DESCRIPTION/DESCRIPCION GENERAL: Phoenix Ranch Market III is an upmarket Mexican-style mercado complete with an interior food court called "La Cocina" (The Kitchen). It is located in a rather unpleasant part of town, but manages to attract a large following of gringos eager to inject some diversity into their palette without risking turista.THE FOOD/LA ALIMENTACIN: Offerings in "La Cocina" run the gamut from Mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos. Many items offer a choice of meat, from ham to carne asada, to carnitas. A separate area offers various seafood dishes. Everything is ala carte, suprising those hoping to economize using an American style "combo".  Despite this, "La Cocina" remains popular, especially at lunch time.SERVICE/SERVICIO: All orders are taken by an attendant standing next to the line for the cashier. Most guests do not wait long before placing the order. Some have reported difficulty communicating with the attendant however, the other employees tend to have command of the English language. Visitors are responsible for retrieving their own orders and seating themselves at long bench-style tables. PRICES/PRCIOS: Like Mexico itself, the Ranch Market is not the bargain it is made out to be. Prices that may look low for entrees quickly increase when adding in the cost of beverages, churros, and gas. Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals. SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS/CONSIDERACIONES ESPECIAL: Some have accused the Phoenix Ranch Market from being too acommodating to non-Latino customers. While this concern cannot be dismissed, it is obviously the case that all of Mexico has fallen to this trend. New hotels now gleam along the shoreline in Puerto Penasco, golf courses spourt in the arid desert outside Cabo San Lucas, all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time.
3	3.5 starsI want to love the Ranch Market for so many reasons.  It's the closest Market to my house, it's fun and lively, the produce looks great, and the prepared food smells wonderful.But I don't love it.  I'm actually somewhat annoyed by this store.Numerous times I have entered looking for something and haven't been able to find it.  I know you're thinking it's some wierd gringa item I'm looking for, but this last time I was looking for canned tomatoes to make chili.  Canned tomatoes!?!?!  I'll cut them a little slack because I actually sent the husband to do the dirty work and he couldn't find it after asking 2 or 3 employees.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they do actually have it there, because it would be ridiculous for a Mexican market to not have canned tomatoes.Another time I took an out-of-town friend.  He was so enamored with the beauty of the bakery items that he wanted to photograph the many cakes and pastries.  But the tub-o-security rolled over and said "No Photographs!"  Seriously?  These people work so hard to make such beautiful creations and we can't take pictures?  Of food?  (Ironically, the next day we went to Taliesin West and were encouraged to take photographs of everything except the gift shop.)  And, we left empty handed because the store didn't have 2 of the ingredients we needed.Bottom line:  If I'm incredibly unspecific with the ingredients I am looking for, I can definitely do some grocery shopping here.  But any ideas for meals are usually thwarted and I end up at Safeway.
5	This place is like crack for foodies :)  You just cannot get enough!  This should be #1 on your list when out of towners visit you, they'll just drop their collective jaws.  Hit Tradiciones for lunch or dinner and then the market for those tortillas steamin' in the bag OMFG there's little finer in life!!  Their homemade chorizo is spot on, produce is good (and CHEAP!) .  I want one in Moon Valley!
5	Ranch Market... nothing like it in Arizona.  Even better than Lee Lee's!  This place is an EMPORIUM of great, high-quality, inexpensive food.  The produce is exceptional and once you into the spirit of the butcher (ie. any part of the animal you want, you can get) the quality is also very high.  Fresh tortillas made all day long and a really festive atmosphere round it out.
4	My friends & I affectionately refer to this place as Mexican Disneyland (I think I stole that from an article on this place or something). Where else can you find bacon dogs, carne asada sold by the pound, bulk cheeses & yogurt, fresh tortillas, 8 or so flavors of agua fresca and chicharrone the size of a "small person" under one roof -- besides maybe, Mexico? My favorite is the shrimp taco sold in the back of the market at the pescaderia (even though it takes them forever to make) and a large cup of watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberry or horchata agua fresca. It's the perfect meal before a Suns or Diamondbacks game and a hell of a lot cheaper too! The produce also seems to be alot cheaper than what I normally see at Fry's & Safeway. Too bad I'm never headed straight home or else I'd buy groceries there.  Andale! Andale! to Phoenix Ranch Market!!
5	Fun, Festive, Inexpensive, Selection, Culture, Taste, Energetic....The Ranch is a great place, but be prepared for crowds, I don't know of a time we have been there that it hasn't been busy, but Christmas time ... Ay Carumba!  The produce, the meats, the Cocina, the Bakery, the selection is all amazing... even if you don't live close, bring a cooler with some ice in your car to get what you want/need and then feel better about taking it home!  Be sure to try their resturant (on West end of the building) Tradiciones!
5	I love this place!  it's a cultural experience!  I think even if you are Mexican, this place delights all the senses!I love the tortilla department!  36 freshly made yellow corn tortillas for $2.50!!! the ladies at the meat dept were fantastic!The wall of spices, herbs, and chilis was incredible.I did not have enough time to sit and eat there but that's the plan for the next trip.I came home and made shredded beef tacos with all the fixings.My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the food court or at the restaurant next door.
3	I'm ambivalent.On one hand, I'm not in the camp of white and/or hipster guilt who will automatically give anything "ethnic" 5-stars, just because that's the cool thing to do. While Phoenix Ranch Market has very delicious food and a decent selection, it's still missing a lot to be a "real" mercado, or whatever.I'm also not in the other camp who complain excessively about "authenticity". I lived in Guanajuato for three years, so I know at least a tad about the real stuff. And this is an Americanized market -- there are no questions about this, or there shouldn't be, at least. But on the other hand, I don't care. It's nice. We're in America, so let's appease the whities.Yeah, it's nice. I like this place. I usually always smile at some point in here, but I also frown from time to time. So, I'm ambivalent, but everybody should at least go sometime during the weekend to experience the beer cooler mariachi band and have a meal. I guess.
4	i luv how u can get pretty much everything u need for a carne asada grill session.  they got real hardwood charcoal for cheap.  i'm not really in2 sour cream, but the fresh creme con sal is so good i really have 2 stay away from the stuff or i'll go thru a tub a week.  they have a great selection of cheeses, ne kind of meat ur lookin 4 and they will put it in a marinade that tenderizes perfectly, fresh juices, salsas, and an awesome made-to-order deli.  if they have the bacon-wrapped hot dogs, highly recommended with the worx!  from the deli, i like pretty much about everything.  tortas to chile verde, tacos dorados to menudo.  their produce is crazy cheap, but not the best i'll admit.  of course, if u're lookin for a one stop mexi-shop, this is the place.
4	PRM is the place for Inexpensive fruits, a great-tasting torta (pollo deshuesado), refried beans, and succulent barbacoa y carne pastor.  Grab a strawberries and cream cup by the juice stand.  it's a great way to end a very tasty and satiating meal.  If atmosphere isn't important, save yourself mucho dinero by skipping Tradiciones and eat at the food court.  I tried to dine at the seafood counter twice, but both times the kitchen had just closed.  To elaborate on the pollo deshuesado- I believe it's chargrilled chunks of chicken (wonderfully marinated and perfectly caramelized) with slices of tomato and crispy lettuce on telera bread.  Ah, telera!  So, so good!  I don't even recall any condiments added.  Just chicken, veggies, and the bread.  Why not rate PRM five stars?  Two reasons: Bad guacamole- it tasted like water- so thinned-down, and yet at the same time had a congealed look about it.  PRM should be ashamed of itself for serving such a sub-par product!  Oh, well.  I shouldn't eat avocados anyway... Rice served has corn in it-  It's also served this way in the formal restaurant Tradiciones.  Don't get me wrong- I love corn, but my immune system does not.  Why not offer plain rice as an option?  Rice and beans make a perfect protein combo  Why deny me of it?At least I can always look forward to the tortas.
4	I went to Ranch Market specifically to try the Tres Leches cake. It wasn't the best I've had, but was tasty enough to satisfy my Tres Leches cravings now that I won't be returning to Houston on a regular basis any longer. The cake was moist and sweet. There was a little too much "frosting" on top for my liking, but that can always be scraped off. Next time I'd like to try the chocolate.
2	This might be a good way to kill time if you're near the airport, the food really wasn't that great. It tasted cheap and like it had been sitting there for a very long time. I had the caldo 7 mares and it was lukewarm, wayyy too salty, and the shrimp were mushy. It was pretty gross. The carne asada tacos were mostly gristle, and I couldn't really taste my enchilidas with the thick blanket of sour cream over them. For $20, I could've gotten much better Mexican food somewhere else.
4	Well, it's probably all been said and been done about this place. Today I finally made the trip inside the store, rather than just going to the restaurant on the side. It was too early for lunch at Tradiciones so in I went. I knew that the market had a lot going on at all times; I nearly run down at least 6 people getting in and out of the parking lot and I'm a really good driver (seriously-not Raymond from Rain Man good, but actually good!). The parking lot on the store side is always packed.So the focus of my trip was the cucina. It was bustling for lunch already at just 10:30. So as I'm trying to make sense of the menus posted in both Spanish and English on the wall above the hot food line or whatever, I am greeted by a nice woman that helps me decide where to go. She mentioned sopes first, so that's what I started with.My order was way too much food for one, but I wanted to try a couple of things. So I got both a chicken and a steak sopa, a street taco al pastor (pork), and a side of beans. They did have combos unlike another reviewer said but I only wanted to add beans an opted for a side instead. My total for food was $11.00. Not super cheap, but like I said more food than I would normally order at once.  So a sope for those unfamilar is not a torta as someone else said. It's more like a weird tostada or open faced sandwich. The base is somewhere between a corn tortilla and an all out bread. It does appear to be flash fried to cook but I'm not totally sure and it didn't feel greasy. The sides are curved to make a small cup to fill with beans, meat of choice, topped with shredded lettuce, grated cojita cheese (I'd describe Mexican parm--hard salty and good!!) The chicken and steak were both tasty. The steak was a little strung together if you will. I'd rather have seen it be chopped better so I would be easier to eat smaller bites. If your teeth didn't make it through that bite, a big chunk was coming along with it. Sorta messy but good though I felt like my sopa was a bit tougher than it should be and my extra cheap plastic fork would bend to the will of the sope.The street taco was just so I could taste the al pastor. Two tiny corn tortillas topped with a bit of pork. I topped it with onions and cilantro and would totally eat the al pastor in another dish. Beans. Not a really a fan. They lacked the taste of say Carolina's beans though the texture matched. A disappointment. Salsa bar was good. Hot green and red, and the pico was spicy too. Fresh onions and chopped cilantro are a must so it was good to have those. Agua Fresca...Just love it. I had the fresh guava juice. So tasty and well worth the additional $2.91 I spent for the 32oz drink. Total food and drink, $13.91. A little spendy for lunch served in stryo while seated on a bench, but it was fun and I will order a little differently next time so it won't be as expensive and I won't order more food than I can eat.Market, looks good. Great looking bakery (really), meat counter, tortilla factory, etc. I'll probably not go out of my way to get there for things I can buy at Food City on a regular day. This does look like a fun way to go get some lunch before you shop for dinner on a weekend. I'll definitely take others for hot food and a fun people watching experience, plus pick up a few goods on the way. I don't really know about authentic. It's probably not. I don't really care. My dad's family is from near the Mexican border and though I've been to mercados in Mexico and even here, I liked that this place is busy and clean. Campy, sure. But like I care!
2	I had a hard time navigating the ordering process and finding people to explain things to me in english. I got a pork gorditas and it was oily and the meat was dry and tough. I did enjoy the general atmosphere of the place though.
4	So where does one go to buy food items Christmas night?  Ranch Market... which was open until 8:00PM!  The only place we found open after an hour of telephone calls and internet searchs.. This place has a huge selection!  And it was crazy  busy!  This place is awesome.. although it caters to the Latin comunnity, I was able to find the everyday items to prepare a "white boy" meal!  Language may be a problem for some, but I found the staff to be very friendly and helpfull!
4	For this pinche Gringo, this place rocks. It's a very festive place to both shop and dine. Their food offerings through their "Cafe" or whatever they call it is endless. It's a great spot to grab a cheap lunch. They are usually busy, so allow yourself 10-15 minutes between ordering and actually eating. Their Agua Frescos are delicious. I recommend the Melon. It's sweetened Cantaloupe puree, served on ice. There are little melon chunkies, small enough to slurp through a straw. Of all the food I've had there, it was good. Carnitas, carne asada gorditas, etc. So if you want to immerse yourself in good food and some lively people take a drive down to Ranch Market....
4	The Ranch Market isn't necessarily Food City; grocery prices aren't rock-bottom. But why go to the Ranch Market to get Kraft macaroni and cheese? Seek out the products that are made here. They're cheaper and better!They make their own tortillas here, which are inexpensive and fresh. You can literally watch them be made, packaged up, and placed on the shelf. The salsas that are made here are also delicious and taste homemade. The food in the restaurant part of the store has been nothing short of delicious in my opinion. If you don't speak Spanish however, there may be a slight language barrier during the ordering process, especially if you have modifications or special requests. Touch-up on your numbers because your order will be called out in Spanish via loud-speaker. The aguas frescas taste great and are cheap. I love tamarindo and papaya. Yes, there are going to be small bits in the drink - it's made from real fruit. If you can't handle that, they do sell Capri Sun juice boxes, too. All in all, the "authenticity" of this place isn't what should be in question. I think it is rather authentic. It's a Latin-oriented chain supermarket run by people who know about the products that community seeks. And that's exactly what it says it is, right?Highlight: Live music in the aisle!
5	If Ranch Market is not your thing-- then you are missing out on some really great things.  1.  Chips  (as in chips and salsa)-- they make their own tortilla chips that are only 99cents for a bag.  I brought them to a work party and everyone liked me more than the day before.2. Birthday cakes for kiddies--- wow- talk about a frickin' cool Dora the Explorer cake, or a Spongebob cake-- it put Costco and Aunt Cindy to shame.3.  Meat-- this meat case is LOADED, even if you don't want to buy fresh meat, just go there to look at it. 4.  The affordabiltiy-- C&H Sugar was $1.19 at Ranch Market and $2.99 at any other grocery (non sale priced).  It's like a party in this place, the last time I was there was right before the holidays and I found myself just having a good ol' time grabbing the chips for a work party.  I even stopped by the jewelry counter and contemplated purchasing a 3 inch gold cross, but decided against it.  :o)
5	Disney Land for Foodies. Fresh Baked Goods, Salsas, Mexican dishes (the torta cubana is to die for) and an awesome atmosphere, plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix.
4	I really like this place...a lot!I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur of mexican food (I like a lot of the places here in Phoenix and Scottsdale...a by-product of being raised where everybody thinks Taco Bell and Taco Time are "mexican food"), but I know what I like and Ranch Market's cafe is terrific!!I met a couple of friends here for lunch today, and was, as always, happy and full when I left.I had tameles today (my touchstone for the best in mexican food)...they were great...hot, soft, perfectly spicy, with the sauce ( I do believe I am getting aroused!  OK back to business.I have had burritos, various tacos, the hot dogs (nogales style), the sopa's and you know what? They are all really tasty and the people at Ranch Market are really nice.The prices are cheap (esp. when you compare the prices to some of the pricier mexican restaurants that, frankly, don't measure up, taste-wise and quality-wise to this cafe).Lastly, I could make a meal of their chips and salsa, fresh made, warm, spicy...I'm getting hot again.Go to Ranch Market, enjoy that cafe, you'll be glad you did!
5	Mmmmm....one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley.  I've loved everything I have eaten here.  If you like your salsa hot be sure to ask for the habanero salsa with your chips.  Can't resist the bakery items. They have the freshest Mexican pastries I have ever found in the valley. If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store. Go into the back where the seafood counter is located and they have fresh seafood tostadas that are to die for !!!  There's nothing like a lazy Saturday morning...you take a trip to RM for a bowl of home made menudo and tortillas then you come home and take a GIANT NAP !!!
5	Go home with fresh tortillas, warm off the stone, and stuff your face with cafeteria-style food.  This place is proof that there is a God, and He loves Mexican food.
5	Ranch Market rocks!  I swear, this is the coolest place, it's like a big Mexican circus.  I could hang out in there for hours.The best deal that I've found there is the roasted chicken.  For about five dollars, you get a whole roasted chicken, some tortillas, and some salsa.  Buy a little cheese, an onion, and some sour cream and you've got yourself a little taco bar to take home and eat with some Dos Equis.  Sweet!  Since I'm all about the bargains these days, this is one of the best places to go!A definite five stars as far as I'm concerned!
5	Don't pass this place by!!!  Several selling points:1.  It will make any day of the week a staycation!  2.  Agua Frescas - fair warning - you will be hooked in no time!3.  Best and cheapest lunch in town!4.  The meat counter is the best in town - like the butcher your mom grew up going to - not "supermarket-ish" at all5.  THE FISH MARKET - OMG!  if you have ever lived near a coast with fresh fish markets - you will be as close as you can get to that in the DESERT!  Not to mention the Ceviche assortment ready to be packaged up and taken home - or eaten right there!6.  Fruits and Vegetables - great pricesI normally wouldn't recommend going grocery shopping while hungry - but at this place it is a must!  Try everything - and take more home!
5	This place rocks.  I wish we had something half as good in Charlotte.  We first walked through the grocery and vendor area and were shocked at the selection, amount, price, and freshness of everything we saw.  We ate lunch at the attached restaurant...the best carne asada I have had.  Its been about a year and I still miss it.
4	Amazingly neat place to check out, and a fun place to take visitors, too, as it's a unique representation of our city's Mexican culture and community. PRM is full of all kinds of Mexican/Latin goodies, from agua frescas to baked goods, prepared meals like tacos and ceviches to groceries and a wide selection of specialty produce. If you decide to dine here, the shrimp ceviche tostada is great. I also really enjoyed the quesadilla...so good 'n' buttery! The watermelon agua fresca was very refreshing, but my advice with all agua frescas would be to stick with the small size because, at least in my opinion, you get a little sick of the sweetness and the same flavor after a while.
4	The ceviche is to die for! The other food and groceries are great too.
5	So this review is probably a little biased (cuz shopping here reminds me of the awesome time i lived in Oaxaca, Mexico), but still; teee-rust me, Ranch Market is full of life and great produce and makes grocery shopping just a lil more fun:) I usually make sure I go on Wednesdays where produce is ridiculously cheap...like 7 kiwi's for a dollar or 9lbs for a dollar watermelon...I'm not gonna lie, I have posted my receipts on the fridge with pride...these are my "A" graded school papers of adulthood. The only issue is that when I come home with a trunk full of fresh fruit and veggies that cost me $8 I slowly realize I have to actually store and eventually eat all of the produce I just bought. I hear Thursdays are the days to buy meat for cheap--but my fridge is usually busting with pineapple and strawberries by that point and there isn't room for an ounce of carne asada. long story short, be prepared to weave through the masses on Wednesday mornings for some great finds. The rest of the market is fabulous as well. The "Tradiciones" restaurant serves excellent--and cheap (shocker) authentic Mexican food. Plus they also have an aisle with cooking supplies (like giant blue pots, tortilla presses, molinillos etc) and a whole wall of spices. enjoy:)
4	Ranch market is one of the best authentic Mexican places in Phoenix. I love there refried beans. I usually get the grilled chicken with rice and beans meal. Very delicious! My fiancee gets the carnitas meal and the meat is cooked perfect. They have many different flavors of horchata and there is always a line for there fresh corn tortillas. Every meal comes with warm corn tortillas and they are really what make the meal. I would recommend just about everything except I think Food City has better pan dulces.
5	Better be down to chow down!A super market and food extravaganza combined! While I don't come here for the super cheap produce or bags of laundry detergent, you can see me getting a large horchata at the juice bar, loading up on carne asada street tacos, getting a bowl of barbacoa, getting my ceviche on and finishing with tres leches cake. The entire store is lined with a bakery, a juice bar, a giant bar of all the Mexican foods you can eat, a cheese store, a sausage place, a tortilleria, a fresh fish market where you can get seafood tacos and ceviche and a carniceria. While other are shopping, I'm busy eating and so are other people! There are clean tables inside the super market for you to get your food, cafeteria-style, and sit down to eat. There is a full bar of salsa and toppings near by. And if you want more food... go for it!If you prefer a sit-down, they have a restaurant attached La Tradiciones that is also fantabulous! I hear they have a brunch that while is pricey, is worth the dolla dolla bills ya'll!
4	this place was amazing! i was in AZ visiting some family who just moved to tempe and i was searching on yelp for some good mexican food. pro's ranch market sounded like a good choice since we could eat and shop there.wow! it was just what i was looking for! i had three tacos - one fish and two carnitas along with a spicy bowl of seafood stew and a coke for just $8. and it was killer! we also bought all the fixin's to create our own carnitas for the following night and the total grocery bill was less than $20. here are just a few of the deals - limes for 99 cents/lb.; avocados 2 for $1; fresh made tortillas that were still warm upon purchase - $1.99 for 50! the sights and smells were incredible. later we learned that there are several locations in and around phoenix and my cousin vowed it would be his new grocery store of choice. do yourself a favor and visit this place!!
4	I love this place for its food court.  I love the variety of fresh fruit juices, the cheap and tasty tacos, and the bag of fresh tortillas!  Only near southwest, you can get tasty mexican food at a supermarket and the prices are really hard to beat... sigh.
3	Found myself in the area today and needed a few basic items so I stopped in. This place is certainly a Marketplace! I felt as if I was shopping in another country almost. It was kinda fun and a bit intimidating. But an experience worth taking. Sometime when I have more time and more on my list I'll explore it in more detail. They had lots of lanes open so getting out was quick and the music was festive and Mexican to add to the feeling you're shopping outside of the USA as well as many of the product lines.
5	This was a bit off the beaten path for me - but I was looking for a grocery store that had more traditional Mexican and Southwest items in stock (I was looking to make Posole for New Years Day - it turned out GREAT!).I went to Ranch Market for the first time and it struck me as a fantastic experience - far different from Bashas and Safeway! - I wanted to browse each aisle and explore (and I am NOT a shopper!!).  I was looking for one thing in particular - Mexican Hominy for Posole - which they had several options on - but I walked out with a full cart of groceries.I am planning to return periodically and expand my shopping (and cooking) repertoire!!  Muy bueno del Ranch Market, gracias!
5	I love the Ranch Market!  The atmosphere is great, the produce prices are very reasonable, and the civiche is excellent! I never go down the center isles, as they appear to be filled with typical grocery store packaged foods  What makes Ranch Market special are the fantastic offerings all around the center isles.  Here is my advice:  First, make your way to the fresca bar to get a fresh fruit drink, it's just past the bakery at the front door.  After you pick up your favorite fruit drink head over to the grill for some carne asada street tacos, but only order two because you'll want to save room for the seafood bar where you will find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price.  I usually order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a little at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day.  Yummy!  After you have filled your belly with the tasty carne asada and civiche, stop by the tortilla factory to get some fresh tortillas to go and don't forget to hit up the bakery for hot cream filled churro for desert.
5	This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
4	Of the Rancho Market locations in Phoenix, this one takes the Cake! I will never go to any other location as long as I live in Phoenix.This is a seriously happening place, music, food being grilled, and 100's of people shopping for food.The Cheese counter, Meat counter and Produce are impressive. Any Meat you can imagine cut in any cut they can think of! The Queso Fresco selection is almost intimidating for a girl like me! But one at time I will try everything!I almost don't want to go to any other market, because I know that if I need something I will find it here.The fresh chili selection is imposing, so know something about chili's before you go!Don't forget the fresh house made Salsa, the green is out of this world! I get a container of it each time I go!
4	Oh the joy of walking thru Ranch Market... loved the produce section . lower prices , bigger bunches of cilantro , onions and other goodies...pineapples for 2lbs for .99 ? Yes please!  With my buddy Tom as my guide we perused and discussed  all foods  Hispanic.. we talked cremas, with me buying something close to a creme fraiche,  and a arroz conleche that might make stop by there every time I am near..that is some good rice pudding.  We also  looked over their large selections of  dried chiles  for my chili carne I am working on.   My husband  found yummy morsels of ceviche  to his liking and he also tried a  variety of streets tacos.   Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back ..
4	Take a trip to Mexico with out even leaving the city. I made my first trip here today with some co-workers for lunch. Parking was tight.  I walked in the door to a very colorful (literally) scene packed full of people. Upon entering I was offered a sample of ricotta cheese on a piece of tostada.  What a great way to start a visit I love samples, I love cheese, and new places.Words can not fully describe how eclectic this place is. There are many types of foods that you will not find anywhere else.The perimeter of the market is dotted with cafe's from a Fish one, street deserts, juices, bakery and Mexican food. I oped for the fish cafe, I had the fried talipa vera cruz. There was several pieces of lightly battered talipa covered in a fresh mix of olives, peppers onions and tomatoes.  It came with 5 fresh corn tortillas, rice and beans all for $5.73.  I took the meal to the other side of the store to have it with my friend who had Mexican food. I enhanced my meal with the many items from the salsa bar, included fried peppers, and a avocado salsa. It was a great meal especially for the price. My friend had the barbacoa, which he also really enjoyed.Part of the fun was the sheer exotic nature of the whole market. My co worker who is from mexico said it was just like the markers in Mexico. I will return again as there are many many exotic (to me) things I still wish to try and at the low prices I can afford to try them all.
4	A piece of Mexico downtown Phoenix. A common visit after hiking South Mountain, specially to drink some "aguas frescas". If you can, you can even mix horchata with any other flavor!!!!!Many mexican products!! variety of chiles and salsas. This place is better than Food City. The carnitas they have, are just excellent! try them or take them home.
4	4 1/2 STARSWhat can I say? This is an amazing place. It's a 100% large Mexican supermarket. It has a huge variety of all products including fresh fish, meat & produce.You can also eat there, which we happily did. At the deli, we had a ceviche tostada and a fish taco for $4. The ceviche was delicious, although the fish in the taco wasn't cooked through.Then we walked by the bigger, better food counter & couldn't resist the tacos there, which were fabulous.Only demerits here are for sloppy, haphazard service & the undercooked fish taco.A great place...
4	This is where I shop for fruit and veggies since our Farmer's Market is less than stellar. (Good effort, though, but my heart belongs to the one in Hillcrest) The prices are great-the best of any local grocer. Added bonus...who doesn't want to enjoy some ceviche while they shop?!
5	I love this place. Best Horchata in Phoenix (you have to get it early though because they keep it cold with ice so by late in the day it is slightly watered down and the ideal heterogeneous concentration is lost). The food court inside is amazing. I have been there more times than you and have never had a problem with any of the food or staff. Sometimes communication can be difficult when ordering but if you know exactly what you want (like me) or unless you are fluent in Spanish (which I am not) there should be no problem, so no lallygagging around and no special orders. The constant excitement added with a little bit of the English vs. Spanish war gives you the warmth and feel of a truly authentic Phoenix super market food court (I am sure there is some special name for it in the Hispanic culture, or at least something that sounds cooler than food court). I am fortunate that within my lifetime to have lived within a 5 minute drive of the Ranch Market, and I miss it dearly.I know there are a lot of grocery stores called "Ranch Market" throughout the Valley, but when you live anywhere near this one it is the ONLY Ranch Market you will acknowledge. Go there, get a 1/2 pound of carnitas from the cooked meat section, it comes with corn tortillas and some green salsa/sauce/concoction that goes with it great. Don't forget the beans and rice. Salsa bar is on the left on the way out. The prices are great. Best bang for your buck in this town.
5	I love this market. it's my go-to spot for all things authentcaily hispanic. My wife's family is from Puerto Rico and I can find what I need to cook her home food here and hardly anywhere else in the city. They have everything you need for a hispanic feast or good ole barbecue! I like to rummage through the meat department, try one of the probably 20 different types of crema, pick up some fresh tortillas and get vegetables I can't normally get elsewhere. All in all, this is one of my favorite shopping places in Phoenix.
5	I went here yesterday which was fantastic! These markets are huge and the inside is ridiculously fun! So I am just going to do a recap on my experience.*Great prices on authentic products, the cheese counter was insane as was the meat counter!*The agua counter was really fun and I did love the horchata!*The area to eat lunch was fun I enjoyed my street tacos and the al pastor tacos were amazing! Yummy plus very inexpensive seriously!*The bakery well lets just say I just kept staring at it wishing I could have it but I splurged on the tacos and horchata! Though my daughter loved it! :)*Hehehe I saw a cow's head and it was amazing---kind of creepy but let me just say I want to try cabeza now!*Jewelry!Oh gosh there is everything this is a fun place to go especially if you are wanting to try to find some key ingredients to create a great authentic Mexican meal!  Will definitely go again next time I need to take my fiance and son so they can experience it as well!Definitely a must go in Phoenix it is unique and very large.
5	they have the best ice cream ever. it is better than any ice cream or gelato shop i've ever been too.i'm addicted to the bubblegum, which is labeled something like chiclet or chica. it is bright blue. and it is heaven in my mouth.
4	I love this place!    The meat is always fresh and affordable.  The fish too.  The veggies often fresher and more affordable than at other grocery stores in the area.This is the only place I buy my corn chips or tortillas.  This is also where I enjoy coming to get a quick Mexican food fix.  Just last night I picked up a whole chicken prepared Asado (think grilled/brick chicken) for $5 which included fresh corn tortillas and a generous portion of their Salsa Molcajete (my favorite here).   Now I can get a roasted chicken here too, and while priced equally to Costco or Safeway...neither give you the tortillas and salsa that make it a meal.Other times I have picked up some ceviche at the fish counter, and for the price/lb they include avocado, tostadas and  extra limes. Again a full meal.  They will also fillet or fry up any whole fresh fish right there for you. You can't forget your fresh pasteries, baked goods and cakes.  Or maybe just some Ice Cream or a large agua fresca in one of at least 6 flavors. Of course now that the fall is here they also serve up Mexican Hot Chocolate and Chompurado....If you are in for a cultural experience stop in here.  Don't worry most people speak both English and Spanish.  I prefer to practice my Spanish when I stop in.
5	Where else can you find a bargain cow head for $32!?!
4	Just got home from this place.  For Mexican food supplies, can't beat it!!  But for meats and greens, I tend to go elsewhere.Typically, I go to Phoenix Ranch Market to pick up Mexican foods. I LOVE TACOS (and wouldn't mind receiving recommendations on the best place to get them)!!!  The prepared food in the cafeteria is enticing, but I have not had the chance to eat any yet.  However, the tortillas are very cheap and tasty (some made in house, I believe).  Additionally, the salsa bar is excellent, with approximately 6 types of salsas available for bulk packaging.As mentioned above, I do not typically purchase meats or greens here.  They have a large selection of meat, but the butcher area is generally a mad house and a lot of the meats do not look particularly great.  The veggies and fruit are hit or miss, but the greens tend to be quite old and do not look good.
5	The produce in American grocery stores looks perfect but has no discernible taste, The produce in Mexican markets has gouges, bruises and imperfections, but tastes wonderful. Priorities.The place is vibrant with life that you don't get in any American-style grocery. It's a feast for the senses. Don't expect fast or snappy service at the lunch counter. There's usually a line. Knowing Spanish helps a bit, but there's usually someone around who can translate. For your patience you will be rewarded with the real tastes of Mexico: The gristle of lengua, the insanely savory flavor of the carnitas, the wonderful aroma of the barbacoa.Just go. Pick up some real tortillas and some Coke in real glass bottles too. It's still made with sugar, dontchaknow?
4	Wow! What an experience!  Musica Mexicana is piped into the parking  I was approached by a woman just after parking, who asked if I was interested in some of her homemade tamales. She was a sweet woman but, no, no gracias. Entering the store I was overcome by memories of shopping with my Tias, (aunts) in Mexico so long ago. What I saw made my mouth water. Ensaladas, platos de carne asada, chorizos, filetes de Talapia, pan dulce (sweet breads) oh! and the cheeses! The meat prices you cannot beat. Steaks so red fresh you could almost see a heart beat. I recently bought a roast at another market for about $15. Here at the Ranch a roast 2.5 times the size was only $3 more!!  This place is BUSY. But from what I saw everything looked clean and there were people ready to help me with whatever I needed. I really loved this place.
4	I've been here a couple times now for lunch, and seriously, this is some of the BEST mexican cuisine in The Valley. The experience alone of going here is worth the visit. The price of a meal; super inexpensive. The deliciousness of that meal: out of this world! The pastries are the next big thing that I look forward too when coming here. It's by far the biggest bakery I've seen with the largest, freshest variety of pastries. The produce, though I've never bought any myself (others with me have), is very well priced and VERY delicious. My only advice when coming here; know a little Spanish, it helps (I'm still learning). But don't worry, the staff is super friendly and fun (and patient). :)
5	Oh man, the most amazing mexican grocery store! The produce is cheap and incredibly fresh. Also the corn tortillas were fresh made and warm when we bought them, and delicious at dinner that night! (warning though, do refrigerate them because they go stale fast!) We had lunch there too, the tacos were fabulous. The meats are great, and they have a bar for toppings.
5	This place was uber cool. I grew up 10 mins from the Mexican border so I was fortunate to grow up with authentic Mexican food- from restaurants and taco stands to my friends Nana making homemade tortillas and rice and beans and well, everything. We were in the mood for carne asada tacos to grill at home and decided to buy some meat here instead of food city or the carneceria up the street. I heard about the hype and great reviews but never got around to checking it out. This place rocks! 100% authentic and has everything I need to make virtually any Mexican dish I can remember. The place is so cool. I can't get over it. Bakery, deli, tortilla factory, cheeses, meats, seafood, veggies, spices and candy. It has it all. It's pretty much the Mexican version of Lee Lee's, only cooler looking and more fun. Check it out.
4	This place is always crowded, noisy and kind of overwhelming.  But it is sooo worth it just to come in for one of their delicious agua frescas.  They have a stand near the produce section where they will ladle you a huge cup of iced fruit juice.  My favorites are the cantaloupe and the watermelon, but they're all good, the perfect thing to take the edge off a hot Phoenix day.
5	Food is good. Place is nice. And girls are hot like a chile lol 5 stars yay!
5	Awesomest mexican grocery store ever! This place is huge, clean, well kept, stocked with all sorts of awesome products, super low prices, and the friendliest people. I hate getting in the car for anything, and Phoenix Ranch Market is worth the 30 mile drive. I knew I was in for a treat just after getting out of the car - mexican party music piped into the parking lot & super bright displays visible through the doors. My boyfriend & I went up and down every aisle grabbing fun products to make awesome meals at home - masa, cast iron tortilla press, various mexican cheeses like asadero & oaxaca, fresh chips, fresh butter tortillas, real sugar pepsi & coke bottles, dried chillies, dried herbs (mexican oregano & cinnamon), nectars & coconut water to use as margarita mixers, etc. There is an entire cheese deli devoted to various kinds of cotija cheese (there had to be at least 10 different kinds). You can buy every kind of fresh tortilla your mind can think of, even whole wheat. There is a fresh fruit & salsa bar where you can buy stuff priced insanely low by the pound ($1.50/pound of fresh fruit?unreal!). There is an agua fruit bar with 10 different kinds - the coconut is to die for (and makes awesome margaritas!). I love this place.
5	The only reason that I do not shop more at Ranch Market is because of the distance.  Now that I have that out of the way...Ranch Market is my favorite supermarket.  It is nothing but a fun experience everytime I go.  They have a vast selection of food, a great source of produce, and the best food that has ever been served in a grocery store. Sometimes, I go 15 miles out of my way, just to have some of their Carnitas tacos.  They are to die for!  Fresh meat, fresh tortillas, and a large selection of fabulous salsas makes for an incredibly delicious lunch.Make sure you go over to the drink station and try some of their Horchata.  Horchata is a drink made out of almonds and rice... It is creamy and delicious.  If you are looking for something sweet, then go with their Hibiscus.  It will literally melt in your mouth.Everyone who lives in Metro Phoenix needs to go to this place.  It's a true treat!
5	Hello Ranch Market, nice to finally meet you ! Since moving to my new hood I have fallen in love with this store. They have things I have never seen before anywhere else. I am so overwhelmed when I go here, I am in sensory overload.Mexican bread is 5 for $2, bolillos are 6 for $1, tons of seafood, fresh chorizo ( which I have been eating everyday for a week ), tons of snacks packaged by Ranch Market for super cheap, you can get a meal for 4 people for $10 ( carnitas, rice, beans, tortillas ) and tons of other specialty items. The atmosphere is fun and inviting and everyone is friendly. This store has inspired me to create new dishes at home, like my homemade beans and chorizo. Go here, eat some of their prepared foods that are inexpensive and delicious OR get some fresh ingredients and make something yummy at home.See ya soon Ranch Market.
5	load up on fresh fruits and veggies here.their seafood is cheap and good!try their aqua frescas for refreshment during the hot summer!
4	The produce is so cheap I suspect it's been stolen. The restaurant inside is delicious and so inexpensive I feel like I'm committing some sort of crime when they swipe my card for under five dollars for the world's best torta and a complimentary agua fresca. The quality of the meats and produce is VERY hit or miss, but honestly, it doesn't bother me.
5	A trip to this place is fun and entertaining.  I could walk the isles for an hour just looking at everything.  If you love Mexican food you gotta come here.  And the market has the lowest prices for vegetables.  Cucumbers 6 for $1.00 and radishes 3 for $1.00!  I bought a large package of chicken breasts (5 big breasts) and they were only $4.32!  Went home and roasted them up the oven for chicken tacos.  The chicken was perfect.  Next time I'm there my plan is to stock up on chicken breasts for the freezer.  Did I mention the bakery?  Anyway, it's all good.
5	Love this
4	It was a scorcher. Certainly one of our famous triple digit days, and as I sat in the passenger seat, bumming a ride from mi amigo, Vicente, I couldnt shake my contempt for his leather seats. We drove down Roosevelt in the Garfield district towards Ranch Market, on the way discussing the Alwun house, Rito's, and some colourful housing that we both agreed leant to the overall gentrification of the neighborhood. The grounds of this place are sprawling, palatial in fact. I was completely ripped and had on a pair of imitation wayfarers that had a broken arm and kept sliding off my face with the least possible movement of my head.  Endeavoring not to break them further I held my head at rigid attention my back was grammar school like in posture. I then realized how arrogant and white I must've looked, in my mind I fantasized I was a conquistador with a local Toltec guide showing me the ins and outs of the Aztec village we were entering, then I kinda got sick of that phantasy and pictured myself as a balmy Harrison Ford intrepidly following Albert Molina through an alternate ruinous Mayan temple, all the while expecting danger and betrayal at every corner. I probably looked half insane as some of the patrons looked at me oddly, giving me a wide birth. Entering the place it's just as big inside. It's like costco and food city had a wild passionate tequila filled tryst and gave birth to the Eva Longoria of grocery stores. Vicente and I immediately split up, probably not the best of ideas, but I wanted to explore and he was eager to do the same. I quickly snatched up the worst shopping cart in the store (you know the one with a bad front wheel and sticky grip) and let my stomach guide me. Two gallons of horchata. check. Exotic mozzarella style cheese from Oaxaca and  some delicious salty Cotija. check. A lb. of plantains. check. Mango's, apples, dried pinto beans, sugar snap peas, string beans, potato's, roma tomato's- check!  Grocery shopping while intoxicated can get a little quixotic, and confusing to say the least. I hadnt the slightest clue what I was going to make, but the colors of the produce were certainly alluring. Finally Vicente caught up with me and laughed gutturally upon seeing my hodge podge of a shopping cart. I stared thru him with glazed eyes as I espied the "cafeteria". I abandoned my shopping cart and slowly walked over, intriguiged, literally beguiled by the aroma of cooked meats.  I hadnt the slightest clue what most of it was, and what broken Spanish I know certainly wasnt helping with most of the dishes behind the glass, until bingo; Carnitas. There was a word I knew and loved, I stared at the "meat" not quite convinced I knew what I was looking at. Sure it said carnitas, but this was...well...it resembled a tamarind bean, but was much longer, and had a color ruddy and blackish, certainly most unappealing. The tube like meat sat coiled amongst itself like tentacles in a brackish water. I stared at it hypnotized, until a young Mexican attendant came to take my order.  "Hey man what you want?" he asked, breaking the glamour that held me entranced. "...a half a pound of this..." I said unsteadily. He looked at me almost impressed, and half cautiously. As he deflty grasped a pair of tongs and started sloshing the meat back and forth in it's brackish juices, attempting a better grip, it looked more alien to me than ever. I was beginning to come to my senses out of a stupor, and it was slowly dawning on me what this was. In a slightly horrified and hoarse whisper I leaned over the counter and looked him in the eyes and asked, "Wait, wait......what is this...stuff!?" Then he said, grinning a knowing, mocking grin, "Yoo don' know whad tis is and yoo wanna poun' of eet man?"  Just then Vicente strolled up casually behind me and saw what I was doing, the two exchanged a brief chuckle as apparently Vin had overheard the attendant's query. "Trrrriiipa!" Vicente exclaimed, using his dormant mexican accent that usually only comes out when drunk or speaking with his parents, to which the attendant grinned and nodded enthusiatically. Aghast, I stepped back in revulsion, I'd nearly ordered a pound of pigs intestines.I felt profoundly embarassed, never more had I shown off the "pinche gringo" side of my personality than in that moment.  I ended up just ordering some pork ribs that'd been marinated in a chile sauce, along with the ubiquitous spanish rice and refried beans. I love ranch market, but I'm certainly not going back until the raspberry of embarassment lightens.
2	I went over here to try the breakfast burrito's, but it appears that they don't make you a fresh burrito every time you order. I just wanted eggs and beans and cheese, the $1.99, but they were out of eggs? They weren't actually out of eggs, they were out of the tray of eggs for the burrito. They had eggs with sausage and bologna, but I don't like those meats and they appeared to have done some serious time in the pan since opening time. I prefer places that cracxk the eggs, but I suppose too many people show up here to go that route. Ended up with the two tamale special and rice for $3.50. Tamales, which were cheese and jalapeno's, were kinda dry and average quality. Doubt they were homemade. Best part of this meal for me was the Horchata, which was definetly homemade and had great hints of vanilla and cinnamon. I will also give props to tasty green and red salsa (chile?) that you can put on food or free chips. Mexican cookies are also good there, but breakfast burros were my reason for visit and that didn't cut the mustard.
4	Great staff, great food, great fun! I wish they had a place like this where I live!
3	Not bad...they have decent prices.
5	Awesome tortilleria and fun to watch with the kidlets.  Fresh salsas, frescas, bakery items, meats, and cheeses.  Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!).  We go here at least once a week to grab our non-organic stuff...kiwis, papayas, mangos, etc. and the tortillas...because they are gigantic!  Our bill's never been over $40 for four big bags of produce!
5	This place is the place to go for when you plan to throw a BIG MEXICAN/LATIN FIESTA!!! Si, si, si!!!!! :) :) They are awesome, It reminds me of Mexico and its Open-aired local markets. Great prices, freshly made corn Tortillas and its also the perfect place to request freshly grounded masa. Thats if you know how to make Tameles from scratch. I have never dined there, but food looks good!!  I LOVE THE AGUAS FRESCAS!!! OH SOO AMAZING Horchata, Fresa, Sandia and Papaya water!!!! :) YUM, YUM!!!Great service, big smiles everywhere and a large variety of products and produce!!
5	Best Mexican grocery store I have been to in a long time. Can't beat the produce prices or the fresh food they sell. I eat everytime I go then shop. Amazing
4	Aguas frescas -- Some of the best I've ever had. Get it. Food Court -- Walk up, look at pictures, order food, ENJOY. Seriously good food.  Great salsa bar too. Fill your plate with salsa, cilantro & onions, & pico de gallo.Sit - Plenty of seating for you & friends. Groceries -- CHEAP, stock up on those fruit and veggies.Pastries -- By the front entrance, grab a tray and load up.It can be a little hectic, crowded and overwhelming depending on when you go but, that doesn't discourage me. It's a little spicy gem.
5	I was VERY impressed with this market. The meats look GREAT and their prices are very reasonable!  When you walk in the place your eyes are filled with colorful decorations and sweet treats!  Yes, I said sweet treats.  Their cakes and danishes and other sweet delectables are so colorful it makes you want to buy the whole case full and not eat them....just look at them!    :)  Frescas?  Yum!  And fresh fish can be fried right on the spot!  I didn't get a chance to try any of the menu but it all looked good while I was there.   I wish there were Ranch Markets here in Columbus, Ohio!  I'd visit AND patronize often!
5	Since living in Austin I've become addicted to Topo Chico sparkling water.  Pros RM  is the only store in valley that carries it.  Good luck finding it there now too because I buy it all when I go! Ha!  Also, it an awesome mexican market too
5	Oh wow...we found machaca here...took it back on the plane.  Has an incredible and cheap Fonda....tons of choices.  Pasole was special.  Worlds latest pork rinds...great fresh tortillas.  Love this super mercado
4	Fiesta time but not for the faint of heart!  Fresh roasted green chili is a passion of mine and if I am hosting a party they are a "must have."  If you are in the mood for a Mexican field trip - head on over to Ranch Market.  Homemade corn & flour tortillas, expansive selection of chiles, excellent salsa bar and avocados were 59 cents/pd!  I highly recommend their marinated chicken thighs.  Tip: As you throw on grill, double check and cut off quills left in the skin.  Super tasty!Produce is somewhat sketch.  I bought a number of limes for Margaritas and needed 2X more.  They were nearly juice-less - if that is even a word.All-n-all...I love this place.  It is a riot.  Where else in Phoenix will you find a Scrambled Eggs & Hot Dog or Scrambled Eggs & Bologna as two of your breakfast burrito choices?
4	My roommate and I were throwing a party, and I was brave enough to decide to do a full Louisiana style shrimp boil. It's not shrimp season. :(The price per pound was more than I expected - and I realized that either a Hispanic or Asian market is the way to go for getting a good deal. Ranch Market had medium shrimp, shell and head on, in frozen 4 pound boxes. Perfect - as I was getting 20 pounds!The roommate and I headed down around noon on Saturday. We were both hungry, so decided to grab a bite before shopping. He had a bowl of posole and a quesadilla. I wanted the sopa - but they weren't offered that day, so opted for the taco salad with carne asada instead. Delicioso! I opted for a jamaica to wash it down - but now the watermelon agua fresca is calling to me! The dining area (lots of picnic tables) was clean. The salsa/condiment bar was fresh and well stocked. Every employee we dealt with was friendly and efficient.After filling our bellies, we got some produce (all was very fresh, well displayed and notably less expensive than the Fry's near the house), picked up the shrimp and headed out.I know I will be back for more specialty items, produce, meat and fish - and the bakery section!It's a bit far out of my way to do the regular weekly grocery shopping here - especially as we're getting into summer and I don't know I could get perishables home before they perish...but Ranch is hitting my rotation for sure!
5	I was completely skeptical about Phoenix Ranch Market when my wife said we were going to go check it out last week, so skeptical that I told her I didn't want to go, in all honesty... what could possibly be so good about a little grocery store in a not particularly good part of downtown Phoenix after all? EVERYTHING. Prices lower than Walmart, the largest selection of 89 cent pastries I've ever seen, several small "restaurants", full cows heads for only 49.99, a vast selection of specialty items most grocery stores don't carry much of (Hispanic stuff, fruits, vegetables), plus, it's probably the most clean grocery store I've ever been in. While we don't live close enough to make this our go-to grocery store, I can guarantee you'll see us here several times a month from now on. Five big fat ones for sure.
4	I love horchata. Their horchata alone would be 5 starts.  Sweet and creamy without being overly sweet, and not that fake powder stuff!! The other aguas frescas looked very good. Wish I had more friends with me to sample the rest. I didn't find the food itself to be anything special. Taco meats were dry so I just piled on onions, cilantro, lime and salsa verde. Ceviche was good but had a slight hint of "fishiness."  5 tacos for $6 was ok, but I was expecting cheaper for some reason. I think their whole cooked meats are a better deal - $7 for a whole pollo asado, 5.99/lb ribs and carnitas. I didn't try it, but come with a few people and split those items or take home. There are some great deals to be found in the rest of the market.  3lb/99c bananas, 59c/lb white onion, 10lb/$1 watermelon are things I remember. Come here if you want your Mexican nopales (cactus), peppers, spices,  and the like.  Some of the fruits and produce looked great, others not so much.  So I guess you'd have to be lucky for what you need to be fresh.  Maybe if I'm craving menudo on weekends, I might come back to try.
5	This place is awesome. Even if you don't need anything, just go here and check it out. It's HUGE and filled with every kind of Mexican food you can possibly imagine. Everything is really cheap and they have TONS of fresh produce. They also have a large selection of hot sauces which I love. I haven't eaten there but my roommate used to go all the time and grab food from the little cafeteria looking area. Highly recommended. Need to try the rotisserie chicken that you walk past on your way in one day. Also, look for the gigantic pig head over by the meat. Disgusting, but photo worthy.
3	I was so excited to visit Ranch Market, as I never have before. I have been to Food City near my house, which I love, but I heard Ranch Market was like a Food City on steroids.I was disappointed by a few things...First the good. It's huge and has every Mexican delicacy you can think of. Awesome bakery, tortilleria, hot foods, huge cheese section, random pig body parts in the cheese section. My tummy was growling so I decided to get a bean burrito before I shopped. The people working there were quite disorganized. There were 2 people ahead of me. I person ordered a cup of green chili and the other person ordered a side of rice. Between 3 employees it took 5 minutes to get our three orders out. After getting my burrito, I turn around and my cart with a couple items in it was gone! I seriously turned my back just for 30 seconds. It was obvious it was mine... hmmmm.Luckily the burrito was delicious. Do not underestimate the power of a good, simple bean burrito. The tortilla was puffy, the beans creamy, the cheese gooey. Yum.I go get myself another cart and by the time I get to the produce section I realize the handle of my cart is quite sticky. Yuck. Thank God for hand sanitizer in my purse.Yes, the produce section is huge and has great variety. I saw some childhood favorites there... nopales, jicama, etc. The sale prices on produce were very good. However, the quality of some items were bad. The tomatoes were on sale, but they weren't even ripe. They were pale pink. I didn't even bother. The lemons were mushy and infested with flies. The condition of the store in general was run down and dirty. A cooler holding frozen fruit was filthy. The lack of sanitation made me a bit nervous.Also making me nervous were the many unsupervised children running amok, pulling things off shelves and just creating chaos. I almost accidentally hit a few with my cart. Still, I came out of Ranch Market with lots of produce, lots of pork for carnitas, fresh cheeses, fresh tortillas all for under $30. With a delicious bean burrito in my belly. Yep, I call it a good night.
5	Stumbled across this place early on a Saturday morning. Had a great breakfast burrito and horchata at the tortilliaeria and only wish I had hours to walk the rows of great produce. Definitely going back!
2	I have been going to this ranch market for at least eight years. Here is my review.The foods are not the same as they used to be. We bought some tortillas and they usually last about a week, but they started growing mold about three days after.. never used to be this way. The service we had was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning. The guy at the counter was not very professional and made this face when we asked for eggs, it was like he only wanted us to buy something already made.  When we used to go before they were always more than willing to cook us whatever we needed. On my way back to my table, an employee even walked right into me with no apology!  It used to be so different here.
5	Needed a place to eat before departure and stumbled on this place. Very  nice people and the food was delish. We ordered tacos and quesadilla - fresh tortillas and fresh meat and huge portions for a very low price ! We were very amazed and left extremely full and satisfied with the service and hospitality we received. I would totally come again!
5	I shop here sometimes and it's a very busy market, but everything is fresh. My favorite thing to get here is the fresh corn tortillas they make.
4	Gotta love this store.  Almost like taking a trip south of the border.  Authentic Mexican Bakery, frescas and a nice eating area with both the normal everyday burros/tacos you see everywhere but with other goodies as well. Fresh flour tortillas and a good butcher shop and cheese shop.  A great place to take visitors to also to get a taste of the Southwest.
5	I used to be an avid food city shopper until I found Ranch market. This store is super clean, organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce. I literally grocery shop nowhere else. I'm in love.
4	If you have the time to plan a grocery shopping trip around making it to a Ranch Market here in the valley, I would advise doing so. And go without a list. You will not cooperate with your list once you've walked through the entry to the glorious Ranch Market. Do also go when you have the time to enjoy the market as it is always bustling and the check out lines can take a while. I almost always walk out of RM with some fresh pico, and other salsas depending on my mood, and some fresh chips to go with that. I then usually wander until I come up with some Mexican meal I want to make and go at it. Pricing is great as you can find prices similar to a Food City or Walmart. All fair and same good stuff. Only knock I have is the food they serve inside RM at the food bar, while deliicous smelling, and also well priced, has not always been high quality. So I skip the food bar, and drop my good grocery money on the fresh made items and other ingredients necessary for a yummy mexican meal.
3	I'm spoiled by the Cardenas franchise in the Coachella Valley so this is just an okay Mexican market. A lot of the fruit was cheap but overly ripe (avocados, kiwi, etc). The corn tortillas are cheap, a fresh packet of 70 is only 2.99. Also got good deals on herbs (cilantro & parsley). I would not buy meat here. The couple in front of me bought ground beef & the plastic had come off of the top on the conveyor built. Neither they nor the cashier seemed pertubed by that!
5	Just had the best fresh pressed juice ever for $6 for a huge drink. A great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables squeezed as I watched. Pineapples, beats, apples, cactus, orange.  Delicious.  This drink would've been $12 at a juice shop. I stumbled into the shop for some guacamole.  Got some great fresh shrimp ceviche.  What an incredible find!
5	really inexpensive produce, delicious freshly baked tortillas, amazing fresh juices, just like in south america! and really overall my favorite grocer in the valley! i love supporting local markets, and this one tops them all!
5	Amazing place with many choices~ if you are around this area, definitely stop by and get some fresh fruit as well
3	The carne ASADA tacos are delicious. .. And the price aren't bad at all... But, if in a hurry expect to wait there is never a sorry line to pay for your food.
2	I have to agree with the other two star rating.This place used to be top notch.Over the last 7 years they have gone way down. In quality service and in how the food is presented. I wonder if they are having trouble with thier managers. hope that upper management will look into this. I would like to come back and see an emprovement.
4	Love this place. Went there to get ingredients for tamales but much more is offered under this roof. New shoes? Eyebrow waxing? Cell service? That egg/hot dog breakfast burrito? Look no further. Authentic south of the border Mexican feel.
5	I used to love Pro's but, being slightly out of my way, my trips became less and less often. Then I got a coupon flyer for the *new* Los Altos Ranch Market. I was like, "$5 off a $25 purchase, SAY WHAAAT?" Turns our Pro's had gone into bankruptcy and emerged under the joint ownership of a couple other Hispanic market chains. Fun facts but the coupon got me down there Saturday morning. Same old Ranch Market with shoes for sale up front, the assortment of prepared food, drink, and bakery items, and chicharones from bite size to mucho grande. I like their produce and meat selection but wish they carried salmon other than the frozen bags. Still, it was a good reminder of the shopping experiences I had before my current battles at my local Fry's and Basha's stores. I suggest we all commit to hitting Ranch Market a little more.
4	I flippin love this place!!! I have a weird love for Mexican Markets and this place kicks ass!!! You walk into this place and bam! Mexican Sweet Breads!! Oh, it's just starting there. Grab a few sweet breads (good luck trying to figure how it do it in a sanitary way) and make your way to the CANDLES!!! Yeah, they got every imaginable candle. Picked up a Pope John Paul candle and what's that? A wall of chicharones. Now I don't eat those, but shit they are very impressive! Now my A.D.D. is kicking into high gear!!!! Tortillas, salsa, tamales, more candles, crazy ass looking fruits, crazy ass looking marinated meats, I don't know what that is and my 4 years of Spanish isn't helping me read the label, pacifico, corona, tequila and so so much more. Phoenix Ranch Market is my Disneyland! Buckle up and enjoy the ride.
4	Fantastic market. here for lunch and take in the sights and smells of all the different food options. Very cool. anymore! Highly recommened a here.
