3	Decent but not great.  OK as far as bar food goes.  Very smokey.
4	Went here as part of our continuing search to find the best Friday Night Fish Fry in Wisconsin, and we were not disappointed - Christy's is easily in our top 5, and quite possibly top 3 in terms of fish quality.I'll keep this review brief; large place with two floors and a really nice outdoor area that includes a Tiki Bar and sand volleyball courts.  We arrived at around 6:30pm on Friday night - the bar was virtually empty, and the upstairs dining area was fairly full.Fish offerings were many - bluegill, cod, perch, walleye, and most were available as baked, fried, or grilled.  We chose cod (fried) all around.Started the meal with onion rings and cheese curds - nothing special here, just your standard Sysco variety stuff, but it was cooked well - not greasy at all.  A small basket of bread was included with the fish; our first round of bread featured wheat and potato rolls; the second round had asiago cheese rolls.  Dinners also include your choice of soup or salad; I went with the chicken chili - obviously homemade, and really good.  Salads were great as well, and were filled with radishes, cukes, and other fresh veggies.Fish arrived after a bit, and it was quite simply, amazing.  Fried to perfection, the huge chunks of cod were light, delicate, moist, and flaky.  They were fish fry perfection.  As good as The Avenue Bar fish, but not as heavily battered.  Oh, so good.Sides included home fries (red potatoes with onions, peppers, and cheese) and curly fries - both were excellent as well.Service was a bit slow - only two servers upstairs - but tolerable.  Good value; dinner for our group of three, including two rounds of drinks and appetizers was about $70.Christy's = WINService = 2.5 stars (slow; could have used 1 or 2 more servers)Food = 4 stars (fish was excellent!!!)Value = 3.5 starsMisc = 4 stars (great setting, right on the lake; good jukebox, nice bar)And, it's NON-SMOKING!!  YAY!!!  Definitely worth the drive here if you're looking for a good fish fry!
1	I have been to Christy's quite a few times over the years and have never had a very good meal; however, last night's meal was a disaster! It started with the bartender getting our drink order wrong, One member of our party received a different potato than ordered, 1 had a different salad dressing than ordered and I had the worst fish fry EVER. It could have been good if the breading wasn't soggy on one piece and excessively crispy with holes in it (looked exactly like a funnel cake!). The baked potato tasted dry and leftover. The one high point was a waitress (first night on the job) that was very friendly and actually cared about our poor experience. Christy's is back on my list of places to avoid.
2	Love going here during the summer.  Nice bar outside and great people and boat watching.  Went here for dinner last week and it was just Meh.  Food was bland an uninspired.  What the waitress offered as the special was not what was delivered.  After we asked, she still didn't know what was included with the dinner.  Walleye sandwich was just OK.  Service was on the slow side too; one server for the entire 2 floors.  The lady tried hard, so she earned a good tip.  The kitchen and management could do a lot better.  Probably will not go here again for dinner.  Too bad because we do like the place overall.
1	CRAP service! We had made reservations for at least 16 people for dinner a week prior to dining there. They managed to get the tables together, that's about it. While waiting for our group to arrive, we had drinks outside...we should've gone directly to the Tiki Bar to get our drinks, that woman knew what she was doing!...our "waitress" however, probably couldn't velcro her own shoes. When we sat to eat, we had 2 waitresses (they decided it took 2 to wait on us). One ROCKED IT, the other couldn't velcro her own shoe. Our 1/2 of the group/table had to deal with our appetizers being put in front of us (with a "who's is it?!?" call from the same waitress who took our order) then our meal being placed in front of us not 15 seconds later. My 5 year old daughter not only got a very cold ("made fresh") pizza, but it included something we didn't order....a dead fly between the pizza and plate it was served on. Now...I would've sent it back, but I didn't want to wait until midnight for my kid to get her food! Not to mention my son only got half of what he ordered....After our "lovely" experience with dinner, we stuck around for drinks. All I can say is...you better have cleavage to get a drink inside...no matter how busy or slow they are! If you want to sit and have a drink and look at the lake... Go to their Tiki Bar...Debbie ROCKS!!!! She's the only one that knows what "good service" is!!!!
1	This place is good only for the outdoor atmosphere. Their online menu does not correspond to their actual menu, buy they don't seem to see this as a problem. I requested my favorite beer: "Oh, we're out of that." Then, my second favorite: "We're out of that too." As a vegetarian, I had to order a black bean burger, which was burned, as was the bun. I asked for a dark or spicy mustard. No, they just have the mainstream basics. Combine this with extremely mediocre service. I will never eat there again.
1	Worst service EVER! We sat down at a dirty table (because all the tables were dirty) around 12:15 pm. We ordered margaritas on the rocks WITH salt. We got no salt so we waited another 5-10 mins for our salted margs. Then we waited for our order to be taken for about another 10-15 mins while our server was standing next to the kitchen. Well, we ordered and it was NOW 1:57pm and our food was still not to our table. One of us had ordered nachos and at 1:57 they came to tell us they were out of tortilla chips! Are you joking???? That's something they should have known from first hand! I will NEVER go back! I've worked in restaurants since I was 15 and I've never seen any sort of thing like this before! We were not the only table waiting for our food that long either.....
2	Been here a few times since my initial fish fry review and can't say that I've been impressed. The service has been consistently poor/sub standard. Drinks are always served in plastic cups... tap selection isn't anything to write home about, and the food is largely hit-or-miss.I don't believe that I can recommend this place; it's clear that unless you're there for the fish fry, and unless you sit in the traditional seated section, you'll have a less than stellar experience.Too bad, because the place had potential. But, after at least six or seven visits since my first review, the place has been "off" every time.
4	I'm very surprised to read all the negative reviews. We were made to feel very welcome as soon as we sat at the bar by Tim the bartender. He was unfailingly polite and friendly, as were the people who sat near us. It made me wish we had more time to hang out and soak up the lovely waterfront location. Starving, we ordered a pizza and both enjoyed enjoyed the hell out of it. The toppings tasted very fresh and the crust had a slight flakiness to it. The only drawbacks I can think of are the plastic cups the beer is served in and that I'd love it if another taphandle were devoted to something a bit more local to Madison, like Ale Asylum, Karben4, or even Tyranena (from Lake Mills).As we left Tim thanked us for stopping in and asked us to come back the next time we were nearby. I 100% plan to do so.
3	Menu is short. Excellent black bean veggie burger and seasoned waffle fries.  Old fashioneds are made from scratch/muddled.  I had excellent service while there--nice, competent bartender came outside to refill drinks several times.  It was a comfortable experience, relaxing outside watching the waves.  Veggie people beware taxidermied animals inside.
5	Good food, drinks, and views.  Great place to come by boat in the summer!
2	And... one more update - was here on 3/23/14 to meet friends out for drinks and music.+ Parking was easy+ Bar was largely empty when we arrived (around 6:30pm)- Kids running around everywhere - like 3-5 year old range- Parents of said kids were busy drinking their butts off- Kids? In a bar? Running wild? Really??- Patrons were a bit gristled; one guy came to my table, took three of my chairs, and walked away without saying a word. Hmm.+ Bartenders were prompt, but not terribly friendly/personable- As the night wore on, the crowd grew more "unusual"- Very limited tap selection; mostly macro domestics- Mixed drinks were overly sweet; not that stellar- Cheese curds were standard "catalog curds"+ Played the Badger basketball game (NCAA finals)- Fireplace had the place sweat-lodge-hot (this coming from a guy who is always cold)
1	Just got back from this restaurant for the third time. It is close to where we live and like the convenience of going there. This was the last time though. When we arrived we where told we needed to wait 5 to 10 mins for a seat. After 15 mins we where seated in a room with 10 open tables (not sure why we needed to wait).  About another 15 mins went by and 2 other tables where seated and served drinks and still no one waited on us.  No one ever did so we left. The other times that we have been the food is only mediocre for bar food at best.
5	A great neighborhood hangout with good food and great beer.  This is THE place to be on a summer night, and usually something fun happening on the ice in the winter.  The place is loaded with character(s) and is a true Wisconsin tavern on the lake.
