4	Apparently if you can learn to ski properly at Hillend, you can ski anywhere, due to the fact it's a dry ski slope, which makes turning and all the rest just that bit harder, as if skiing wasn't hard enough in the first place. Well it is for me anyway, I've only just managed to figure out how to keep my skis parallel, and I still resort to Snowplough Fear technique when I'm on a slope I can't deal with.Anyway, Hillend is actually a really affordable place to learn to ski if you're in Edinburgh, and it has a whole range of courses for whatever level of skier. The actual ski space is fairly small, but to be honest, it's enough if you're just practising or learning, and you can't really compare a dry ski slope in Edinburgh to the choice of ski runs in the French alps. Hillend was facing closure a few months back, but there has been a big campaign by Edinburgh residents to keep it open, so hopefully it'll last the distance. Would be a real shame to see it close, as it's been a legendary bit of Edinburgh Pentlands scenery (with a purpose) for as long as I can remember.
4	Cracking fun, can't tell you how nice it is to get a decent run with some terrain! God forbid people should build bumps on a slope. This place fills in the gaps in our ridiculously short season.It is artificial and that means you're gonna feel it if you fall, burns like hell. But a great place to get into snow sports.The artificial surface will wear the edge of your board so sharpen as soon as you're done.
1	I went to hillend at the request of a friend to give her some advice on how to ski, having grown up in Switzerland and done teaching there for a few seasons I was happy to oblige.We had a couple hours of fun, the slopes are good and night skiing is really special.However just as we were about to leave an older instructor skied over and proceeded to tell me off. I actually apologised as I didn't know it is not allowed to give your friends advice but then it got personal and he told me that my friend was sliding all over the place, an offence apparently on a ski slope, and it was my fault for doing a bad job of it, he skied off before I could respond. I think that was uncalled for and that this particular member of staff was quite rude. The reason I was teaching my friend in the first place is because the two hour group lesson she paid for had over 15 pupils and the instructor couldn't even to begin to teach them as he had his hands full with one struggling student. Waist of money and time as all she got taught was to put her skies on.All in all, customer experience muddied by this rude member of staff and a confirmation that the beginner group classes are not worth the money, go private or go somewhere else.
