2	I feel bad bashing what is obviously an old, well respected fixture of the Park Road shopping center. But I gotta do it. The decor is so great, so checkered, so old school diner. Lingering smoke, very intense. Mirrors and bored hostesses. Awesome.For a vegetarian, this place is optionless after 11 am (an no, they won't fix you an omelette if it's 11:10 - them's the breaks) other than the veg plate and an amazingly, insanely bland egg salad sammich. So that's what we got : egg salad on white (there was no mayo, no herbs, no nothin going on here) with a pile of diner fries, good fries, and a veg plate - 3 slices of tomato, 4 banana-tasting slices of fried to liquid zucchini, three broccoli florets with a somewhat creepy "hollandaise" dripping into a pool at the bottom of the bowl. For 6 bucks.  There's so much better food to be had in this area (hell, even this shopping center) for the same price or cheaper.
2	Well I'm not vegetarian, as can be noted by my patented American Gut. With that said, order a hot dog they are hard to screw up. This place is way overpriced for the crud they serve up. You might find a bunch of soccer moms taking their loud kids there. I hate kids.. so.. maybe this has jaded my review. Que Sera
2	Went to this little diner in a strip mall for breakfast.  Honestly, the price was a bit high for the quality.  I ordered the eggs benedict.   Apparently the cook didn't realize or didn't care that eggs benedict isn't a hard boiled egg on top of canadian bacon and an english muffin covered in hollandaise sauce.  Much better places to eat nearby.  Go elsewhere.
3	Being from Chicago/San Diego my husband and I are in for a shock here in the Carolinas, this was our first dining experience. I don't know how we ended up here with the plastic coated checkered table cloths and lack of ambience, but we stayed and ate. I was looking on the menut for the typical California wrap donned with bean sprouts and avocados; instead I found southern fried chicken, skillet fried chicken, veggie lasagna, meatloaf, coleslaw, fried okra, collard greens... and of course BBQ. My question to you is WHAT ON EARTH IS BBQ? Is it a sauce? Pork? Beef? Chicken? No clue... Anyways we ordered from their extensive menu ( the variety of "veggies" is outrageous, but mostly fried). ***Note to North Carolina: Food does taste good without having to be breaded and dropped in piping hot fatty lard. The food ended up being good and large portions and the waitress was "sweet as piiiie" with her "yes maam's" and polite service. Overall, I am hoping to find a restaurant with more of a variety than sandwiches, southern home cooking and the most unhealthy vegetables I've ever seen.
2	Wow the food here is greasy, plain, unsatisfying and expensive.  Everything is griddled in butter. I felt like my diet coke was sliding in butter across the table. This is a place that needs to rethink their menu. With a location like this they'd be booming if they upgraded their culinary offerings to modern standards, meaning they are currently below Denny's, IHOP, Showmars, KFC, Burger King, Wendys - all places I'd rather eat at in a heartbeat.Thought I'd stop in and check out a local diner that looked really cool from the outside. Woops! Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice? I don't think so...
2	Made a mistake and came at the end of breakfast shift - 11am.  Although the staff is courteous i still waited 8 minutes once seated before a waitress came to my table.  The pricey omelet was hard and tight. The hash browns were cold and my bisquit was overcooked.Sorry, i'll stick with John's Kitchen even if it is a drive from Park Road area!
2	I think that if it we less expensive this would be a just fine low-cost charlotte diner. But alas a tuna melt costs almost ten bucks and is mediocre. It seems a diner cannot be both over priced and plain. Charlotte cafe is both. Why go here when there are much better alteratives that taste better and cost less? I won't be returning.
1	One star for the wait staff. Ate lunch there on a Thursday; had a blt sandwich and cream of broccoli soup. The soup tasted funny so they replaced with chicken soup which tasted a lot like Campbell's soup. The coffee wasn't the best either. That night I felt sick and I spent the whole weekend throwing up and unable to eat anything else. Won't be going back.
5	Charming Cafe!!!  At first I felt under dressed!  This place is very nice looking!  This is one of those places that I did not read the reviews before I dined here!  My reason for checking this place out was I was looking for somewhere great to eat and review (I'm only looking for somewhere great to eat and review EVER!  {Which means I want to like the place!})!The Service was friendly and accurate.  I'm comfortable in the back dinning room when it is busy and in the front when it is not busy!Monday Night 12-12- 2011 was my First Dine here.  I ordered Spaghetti with Meat Sauce and a side of Turnip Greens instead of Salad and I did not have to ask.  My Waitress automatically suggested if I would like to substitute my Salad for one of the sides, I could!  The most important part of eating is that the food is good!  I LOVE being impressed by how beautiful or cool a place looks and how friendly the staff is, though really service and decor are nice, I do not expect much anywhere as long as the food is on the greater end of good or better, GREAT!  This is where I'm going to talk about the FOOD!  The Pasta was perfect (for a non-fresh, you know out of a box) not cooked too long and not soaked too long (like many places) and I have had fresh pasta that was not as good as this though fresh is usually better, fresh pasta is not what I'm expecting here!  That is why I say the Pasta was perfect it tasted fine and was not waterlogged!  The Sauce was FANTASTIC.  Fresh with GREAT flavor. Thick, NOT watery!  Plenty of finely ground meat, finely chopped Onion and Garlic that I could see (not powder)!12-14-2011 Wednesday is "Italian Night" My Second Dinner was similar: Spaghetti and Meat Sauce with sides of Fried Zucchini and Macaroni and Cheese (the baked kind made with Eggs).  The Pasta was still perfect and the Meat Sauce was very similar with a great though slight variation from two days prior!  They sat me at the same table as Monday and they seem used to me taking photos now!12-21-2011 was my third Dine!  They are consistently Very Good!  Food and Service - So Far I have eaten the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce all three times and the Turnip Greens twice!Before finishing this review I wanted to eat here three times and watch the movie:  "As Good As It Gets" with Jack Nicholson and Helen Hunt.  Of course anyone who has dinned with me can understand I like this movie because I identify with the character played by Nicholson and why I do not recommend any of my friends see: "There Will Be Blood" ..... I can't deny it!  So I told a small group of my friends and they agreed that I'm a lot like Jacks Character in "As Good As It Gets".  Glad none of them mentioned the Daniel Day Lewis Character from: "There Will Be Blood"!  I'm glad for that too!
2	Small place with a nice local feel with lots of regulars. Amazing list vegetable side dishes: fries okra was good, spinach was passable, not sure if any are fresh.Strange thing was $2.15 for one can of Coke. I guess they need to make a profit somehow. Next time I'll look at the price for iced tea and try that.
2	Charlotte Cafe is an old school type of place which I happen to love but truth be told, the joint could use a good cleaning. There is this thin layer of grime that seems to be over the tables and especially the menus. ICK! That day, I had the Chicken Pita sandwich with a side of Fried Squash. The sandwich was good no complaints and the squash was fine as well. The squash was obviously frozen not fresh but still it was OK. The service was PUSHY! Our waitress was irritated with me for not knowing what I wanted the moment my butt hit the booth. She became even more annoyed when after the 2nd time, I still did not know what I wanted. I doubt I will go back. There are a TON (almost too many) of these meat and three places here in the QC that offer tastier food.
3	Everything I ate tasted great. I had two eggs over-easy (done very well), grits, sausage links, and a biscuit. I must say the sausage links are very tasty. The service was kind of bleh... and the restaurant seemed kind of dirty, but it did have that traditional diner kind of feel (maybe dirt is part of that feel). Overall a good solid breakfast but not thing out of the ordinary.
2	The interior of this place was kind of a turn off when we first walked it.  Everything is very dated and just seems a little grimy.  I was willing to look past it if the food was good .... which it wasn't.I ordered the chicken pita which wasn't great.  The chicken had tons of fatty pieces and the sour cream cucumber sauce was really heavy.  The fries were okay, but I'm pretty sure they were just frozen fries.  I am glad I went for the fries though after seeing the potato salad.  My mom got a tuna melt which she wasn't a huge fan of and came with about 3 cans of tuna on one sandwich.  My grandmother got the rueben (she strayed from her usual BLT since she said it wasn't good) and didn't particularly care for the sauce.The waitress was great and kept our ice tea glasses full.  Really the only reason for the 2 star review!One other complaint ... I was on the side of the booth facing the TV which I don't have an issue with.  The issue what that the show playing on the history channel was showing the dissection of a worm.  In case we weren't clear with what was going on, the closed captioning was on to inform us that the intestine was being pull out of the worm.  NOT what I want to watch while I'm eating.
4	Ate there Saturday brunch about 11am. Food was tasty, service was speedy, accurate and friendly.  I had a sausage egg sandwich with decaf coffee. Others had omlettes and just plain eggs. Decor is a little dated, but what I've come to expect from a well established eatery that focuses on the food.  Place was clean enough.It was crowded but not overly noisy.Definite do-over.
5	One if my favorite local spots - great food, great service, at a great price. I had the homemade fried chicken, Mac and cheese, and corn. All were delicious!
4	Stopped in here for breakfast last Saturday - what a great spot!  It is a typical cafe/diner feel - lots of tables and the waitstaff moving at the speed of light.I had the breakfast sandwich with home fries.  Super delish and came out hot.  It was more food than i could finish at a great price ($6 bucks!!)  Breakfast on Saturdays is served until 2pm.  Pay up front - love it!  Will definitely be back!  :-D
1	No good! Unless you are grandpa or grandma with a low sodium diet this restaurant is not for you! Very dated! Walked and sat immediately which was nice. However no fountain drink option really stinks especially if this place is a staple. Ordered drinks and had the broccoli soul, pretty much tasted like cream gravy with white broccoli chunks thrown in.Next our main courses came. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, grilled with cheese, what I ended up getting was cold chicken salad on toasted white plain bread, and no cheese. Not to mention the chicken salad had dark meat (gross) and eggs in it! Yuck! I do not normally send items back I did this time. Other guest ordered tuna melt and got a chicken salad melt. Save your money and time and don't go.
3	I like this throwback kind of place.  I went for a lunch time meal the other day and was very happy to see that they were still serving lunch.  By the way, they were packed which is telling to me that people really enjoy the food here.  Always a good sign.The omelet I had was delicious and the sides of bacon and ham were cooked perfectly.  The waitress was super friendly and very attentive.  The decor is nothing to write home about but you don't come here for the atmosphere, just the food.Parking is a little tough as is with anything in Park Road Shopping Center.  Be patient.
4	A casual retro restaurant with great breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.  I was passing through Charlotte on a Sunday morning and chanced upon the Charlotte Cafe.  Anna was our server and did a great job and was  very friendly. Eggs were cooked to order,  bacon nice and crispy,  and hash browns were not seasoned so I could add the amount of salt I desired. Coffee not great but food and service were very good. Oldies music added to the retro ambiance.  Try the Cafe and enjoy it
5	Ate a late breakfast here with my father today. First time trying this diner out. Amazing food, amazing service, portion and price are spot on. I will be back for more and would highly recommend for a breakfast spot!
1	Really bad. I ordered shrimp and it came with an obvious huge long black hair all over the top. I pointed it to the waitress and she carried the shrimp in her hand back to kitchen. Okra over fried and tasteless, BF ordered BBQ and was a little bit & mediocre if that. Coke came in a can so refills are charged. They charged us for shrimp and lunch for 2 was $38. We are easy to please and we won't be back.
4	I come here mostly for the fresh homemade biscuits. Two of my last three visits - No biscuits.
3	A decent option for breakfast or lunch while visiting the shops in Park Road shopping center. Actually this was our second choice....first was Flying Biscuit Cafe but on a Sunday morning, the line is out the door. Didn't feel like waiting an hour so we skipped down to the Charlotte Cafe. While not as good as Flying Biscuit, we DID have a very nice breakfast, good quality and service for a reasonable price. And, we got in and out relatively quickly.Recommend you save your dessert for Va Da Vie Gelato in the middle of the Center....this is NOT an indictment of Charlotte Cafe's desserts mind you, it's just that Va Da Vie's Gelato is SOOOOOOOOOO good. Keep that in mind.
5	We love this restaurant.  Always have a great server, food is amazing.  Everyone is so nice.  They give free veggies to kids under 2.  There is always something to please any hungry person - a diverse menu!
3	The young, dark-haired, sort of dark-skinned girl who works afternoons at The Arboretum is cold as ice, NEVER smiles, ignores new customers and overall acts like she would rather be anywhere than there. I have eaten here many times mid-afternoon  and it is always the same with her. She honestly needs to find work that is not in the "people business."  Her name is Stephanie.
5	Very friendly people. We really enjoy Maria. Food  is excellent especially for breakfast. We come for the fresh biscuits. Night time specials are good and reasonably priced. Parking is plentiful. Good room available for parties or meetings.
3	Let me start by saying the food is really good. The scrambled eggs were especially yummy. The ladies working there are really friendly and nice, but the service is really slow. If you eat here be sure you have gobs of time because you will wait. Now to be clear, I don't mean the place was packed and it took a while. This place was like the Tardis, it was bigger on the inside. When we got there, there was a plethora of seating, so I couldn't really tell what was keeping our waitress. At least they have a pretty loose ticket policy, and we didn't wait for the check, instead the hostess asked where we were sitting and we told her what we had.
5	My family loves this place.  They have the daily specials by heart as well as all the staff's names.  This is a place I want to hate but just can't cause it's too good.  The meatloaf, blt, pork chops, macaroni and cheese, and all southern style veggies are good.  The service is great in terms of refills and help.  The prices are dirt cheap and there is even a 10% lenient senior discount.  Take your parents and I'm sure they'll love it.
1	This place had horrible service. Waited over a hour for my food and it came out cold. Never even got my check to leave....if there was a negative star option this place would have it.
1	Unremarkable food. Nothing tastes like something I couldn't make at home. We ordered pancakes & scrambled eggs for the kids, hubby had eggs benedict and I had the jimmy cristo. Hmm. Just ok. Pricey for the food quality and we noticed a sanitation rating of 84 posted by the door. We won't be going back.
