5	I recently contacted Todd for advice on a business contract. From the start he was very up-front with an estimate of costs giving me multiple options throughout the process to proceed as I saw fit without running up hours. He would give me his opinion but allowed me to take the lead. The deadline to get the contract done came down to the wire and Todd worked after hours to help see me through the process. I would highly recommend him.
5	I can't say enough about Todd Gonyer and his excellent service! I had a few cases in NC traffic courts (from 2 different counties) that were keeping me from getting a DL in CA. I contacted Todd and he was able to work with me even though I was from another state. He walked me through the whole process and how to make it happen. Out of a lot of estimates that I had gotten, he was the most reasonable and the most interested in getting it taken care of by sending me an email with all of the info that he needed to present to the court without my presence. A few days after sending payment, Todd sent me the good news that the cases were all dismissed and closed. He even called DMV to make sure that the disclosure was received. After a small restoration fee, I will be getting my license as soon as the DMV clears the restoration payment. Thank you and God bless you, Todd, from me and my family
5	I contacted Todd's office regarding a speeding ticket I received in NC.  I live out of state, travel a lot for my job, and typically work 65-70 hours per week.  I really did not have the time or knowledge to deal with this on my own.  I am so glad I contacted Todd's office.  The fees were reasonable. The follow up he provided was wonderful. The matter was taken care of without much time needed on my part and with a result better than I expected.  Prior to this I've never had to hire any attorney.  I cannot imagine my first legal expertiece going any better than this did.
5	I'm from out-of-state (New York by way of Mass.) and had a 18-month-old Failure To Appear and a major traffic ticket fine. Todd is extremely communicative (he called to remind me to mail in certain paperwork by the dates it was needed) and very prompt with dealing with my issue, even though I was from out of state and would never be able to come into the office. I am EXTREMELY pleased to have found Todd, and really thankful he paid such close attention to my ticket. PS - I even screwed up mailing the (small, extremely reduced) part of my ticket I did have to pay. Todd set me up to pay easily by credit card from my work, and issued a check from his firm to make sure I didn't get the payment in late. He really went to bat for me, and I can recommend him to anyone who has a legal issue in NC, whether you are from there or not
