5	Absolutely fantastic! The spicy gyros was absolutely amazing and everything tasted so fresh! The diverse menu was an absolute plus because it seems like they want to reach all of the crowds! Definitely going back!!
5	Absolutely fantastic!! The spicy gyros was such a unique, wonderful and delicious idea!!
5	I've been here twice so far.  I've gotten the regular Gyro and the spicy Gyro.  Both were great and ready really quickly!  The prices are spot-on (unlike another nearby Greek restaurant that charged $8 for hummus!).
5	Nice clean restaurant with a good selection of food. They have all the typical Mediterranean style food but they also have some extras which is nice. I had the falafel pita which was very good. The iced tea they have is also good,it has a nice floral flavor and is unsweetened.I was greeted very well when I came in and taken care of as I ate my meal.
3	Sometimes, the craving for a gyro and baklava takes me by storm. I saw this place had recently opened, and it was time get my fix.The owner was behind the counter - incredibly friendly and excited to talk about his food. I asked for the gyro and baklava, and asked what else could I not live without  - he told me the chicken shawarma was incredible, so I ordered that, as well.There was nothing *wrong* with the gryo - and the menu does describe it as "thinly sliced." Maybe I should have asked him to qualify that. It was shaved meat, not sliced meat. The flavor was spot on - but the texture was just...odd. And - my fault - I don't care for lettuce on my gryo - just the meat, tomato, onion, and tzatziki. The menu said lettuce - I should have asked for that to be left off. (It's impossible to get all the lettuce shreds off of sauced shredded meat.)The chicken shawarma was okay - again, nothing wrong with it. But it was a bit too heavily seasoned. To the point I couldn't really tell it was chicken. The baklava was perfect - and I will be back to check out more of the menu. Next time, I will ask the owner if he can slice the gyro a bit (a lot) thicker - more like the consistency of every other gyro I've ever had anywhere - and hold the lettuce. Based on the flavor of the meat - I would definitely go back for that!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!  The meats are so tender, the veggies fresh, and the dolmas and falafel were incredible...a must try!!!!!
4	Yum...we stopped in for a snack yesterday and I was wishing it was for a full meal.  I thoroughly enjoyed the dolma with cucumbers and tomatoes on the side.  It was the perfect snack to hold me over until a big dinner later that night.  The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean, the menu had all the best greek dishes and the prices were reasonable too...so, what's not to like?
4	Stopped by for lunch and got the lunch special, gyro with fries and a soda for $8.99. The gyro was really good, the fries were well cooked and hot, and my order only took a few minutes. The place was fairly crowded for Tuesday lunch and some were obviously regulars. If I lived locally, I'd probably be a regular too.
1	The hummus was gravy, the pita bread came right from the store bought package, and the chicken shawarma tasted like nothing. Sad face. Customer service was excellent! Very nice Persian family runs this spot. I got my order in right away and they were very helpful. But the dish was so awful I thanked them quickly and had to run out for plan B meal cuz I just cannot stomach the food.
4	This place is a little hole in the wall with pretty great food. I went for the first time and got a traditional gyro and my boyfriend got a chicken skewer pita, all of which was very good. I also got a Baklava that was delicious. Nothing was out of this world, which is why I can't give five stars, but I would definitely go back!
5	I can not say enough good things about greka pita. I LOVE greek good, and this place is legit. From the owners, to the shwarma. Please give all your money to this place because I eat here like 4 times a week.
