4	They had what i was looking for ... it wasn't easy to find but after asking 3 people I eventually found it. A folding table and shelving. The place is typically big and laid out like most other home depots. Know what to expect when you go and you won't be disappointed but if you want a lot of personal service stick to a local hardware store.
4	Okay....going to be honest here. I TRULY hate going into Home Depot stores. Can't stand 'em. I'm always wandering around aimlessly looking for something I can never find. I always need like one small bolt or something when I go there and it's always like trying to find a needle in a haystack or something for me. And you would think the employees in the orange aprons would be easy to find....but I can never find anyone for help.Honestly....can't stand the whole Home Depot experience. Was driving around Mesa and I was actually trying to find a Lowe's. I needed some things for the house and haven't had much luck finding what I needed at other stores and someone suggested I try Home Depot. My initial reaction was pretty much, "Ugh.....really? Sigh....."So, I thought I knew where a Lowe's was but was mistaken. So, I figured I'd head back home and if I saw a Lowe's I'd stop. As luck would have it I saw this Home Depot instead. I decided to be brave and buckle up and give it a shot. I pulled into the parking lot just knowing this was going to end in disaster like all my other Home Depot excursions. Walked in the doors and was immediately greeted with a warm hello and a "How are you doing tonight?" Um...wow....a Home Depot employee....who is friendly...and visible.Since nature was calling....ahem.....I had to make a beeline for the restroom. Saw the sign right away....and made my way to the back of the store. On my way back TWO (!!!!!!!!!!!!!) other employees said 'hi' and asked if I needed help.Am I dreaming? What's going on? Friendly, ready to help Home Depot employees.....assisting me? Huh? On the way to the restroom I walked right past what I needed. Honest. Came out of the CLEAN restroom and went to where the item I was looking for was displayed. One of the employees who said "hi" to me came up and asked if I needed help.....AGAIN!!!!!!!!She answered the questions that I had and then asked if I needed anything else. I took a shot in the dark and asked her about something else I needed. She politely escorted me to the aisle I needed and showed me the options they had available. Don't know if this was a fluke or what. (Maybe I should have stopped and bought a lottery ticket after.) But I have to admit this was the BEST Home Depot experience I've ever had. I admit the store is not convenient to my house at all but if I EVER need to visit a Home Depot again I would likely consider driving out to this store. Don't know if I really would....but I would consider it. If I'm ever in Mesa and need something from a home improvement store I would definitely stop in again though. So, a big THANK YOU to this Home Depot and their friendly, helpful staff for turning what I thought would be another horrifying Home Depot excursion into a delightful experience.
1	BAD Home Depot Carpet ExperienceHome Depot sent one of their people to measure my house for carpet, then they provided a quote based on those measurements, we agreed on a price and I payed it.  The carpet didn't show up for another 7 weeks (which was several weeks behind their original quote).  After they removed our old carpet they told us it was going to cost another $180 dollars to glue down some tacking strips. I had already paid for installation and I was not told their would be any additional fees. You can't change the price after you've already made and agreement.  What if I didn't have a $180 dollars? Were you going to walk out leaving me with cement floors and old carpet pad, since you already removed my carpet?  In this economy you can't quote people a price and then change.  VERY disappointed with the way Home Depot handled this.  I even called and gave hem an opportunity to rectify the situation but they didn't.
3	I was surprised and shocked by this Home Depot - I actually could find employees. Not only could I FIND them, they actually knew what they were talking about!I hate Home Depot, especially back in California - they are such awful places. At the one in Milpitas, CA, my mother, who hates jokes about religion actually got a good laugh (when we had been waiting in line for 20 minutes because there was only ONE cashier) when I said, "You're right mommy. Hell is real."Since then, I've always associated Home Depot with hell.This Home Depot? Not so hellish. We found workers here and there, some even answered hubby's questions adequately enough, but eh...well, you know how it is.I looked at sinks and bath shower replacements - they all seemed so...I don't know...substandard? Everything was this cheap acrylic junk. I wouldn't want another acrylic sink because we have one now and I hate it. Absolutely hate it - I put scorch marks in it after putting a hot pan in the sink after use...I had done that before in our house in Vegas and we had an awesome stainless steel sink. Our house in California has a heavy duty ceramic sink, so oops...anyway, not used to nor do I like acrylic anything - not even on my nails! ;)We have some lighting issues in the house and  the guy who helped us was pretty knowledgeable. He was able to guide us through some of our toughest questions and didn't make us feel like total home improvement noobs, either.If I had to choose between here and Lowe's, Lowe's wins - hands down. But this place really is much better than other Home Depots I've been in.
4	I never considered that the offerings might differ from store to store, so here's my tip:  for knob pulls and handles, there is a larger variety in this location than the Alma School/Chandler crossroad site.I'm a HD girl myself, people are always friendly and make a point to help me out as I ogle or stare glassy at something.  If you don't find a home decor item in the style you want, won't hurt to ask if there is a greater variety at another location.
4	If you read my Sherwin Williams revew re: screw top lid awesomness, HD's Behr sample cans also are screw top for $3 each.  OMG... I am going to do all my samples here for testing.  Only comes in flat finish though.BenjMoore couldn't sample, so I had to spend $17 for a quart of paint I didn't like (anyone need Pottery Barn's Sparkling Wine?).
5	In California if you went to a Home Depot and someone actually grunted at you there, you were completely lucky. You might as well run straight away and buy a lottery ticket, because grunts from CA Home Depot employees only happen when the stars are aligned and some moon is in your house and some crap. You know what I mean.It's the complete opposite here at the Home Depot on Country Club. Being a new home owner, I practically live at Home Depot. It's not like I'm handy to begin with so walking into this place full of DIY items and crazy crap I've never ever heard of before, I feel extremely overwhelmed. Lucky for me the staff here at this Home Depot are extremely friendly and helpful. Not only will they take the time to walk me to the aisle where the drywall anchors are, but they will also ask me about my project, if i had any questions, and if I needed help with anything else. A Home Depot employee spent 30 minutes with me picking out the right bug killing spray because I really wanted to go all Terminator on some cricket's asses. 30 minutes. So nice. I plan on coming back to this particular Home Depot often for all my crazy home needs. Next project: Installing the garbage disposal. Pray for Mojo.
4	This home Depo is really good. I like it much better than the one close to my house.  They guy that works in electrical really knows his stuff.
4	Home away from home for me sometimes.
4	Pretty good location. Employees are always around and helpful. Someone explain to me why I can buy a Fiskars machete here, but can't buy a Fiskars shovel and axe.
2	Yelp is about being 100% Honest, All the Time right... Well here it goes. Was in dreaded Mesa & had to run in to this Home Depot... Not my first choice. Ive been to Home Depots across the valley and certain Home Depots I feel comfortable walking the whole store by myself... but not this one. I don't know what it is, Who knows. All I know is that we went in looking for something and came out empty handed, HOW does that happen at Home Depot? Went to Gilbert and found it at Ace Hardware. I wish I could tell you what the issue is with this Home Depot, Maybe its just me. Who knows... I'll shop Home Depot in Gilbert.
5	Yay for Home Depot. As much as they are our competitor, as a small home interior company, they are a neccessity.
3	Any Home Depot is generally the same regardless of where it is, my go to place when working on a home improvement project. They seem to have the best prices of any local hardware stores and pretty solid warranties on larger products.A year or so ago I would say this location was pretty reliable on pricing and we could usually find someone to help us when taking on a home project we knew absolutely nothing about. Maybe we just don't have that wide eyed look of horror of first time home buyers like we did months ago so we don't elicit the same pity help. Or maybe Home Depot is getting more ridiculously short staffed every day. The last few times we gone to this location we have walked around aimlessly for twenty minutes trying to find someone to help us get something off a shelf or check stock availability. When we did find one frazzled lady who was talking with people in the tile section, there were 3 other people hovering around her waiting to ask her something. We gave up and left empty handed. The place was a ghost town on a Saturday morning, guess we found out why.If I didn't have to schlep it to Val Vista for the next closest location, I would just give up on this one altogether. Customer service is going downhill fast but I hope they get their act together soon.
3	HD.....Lowes.... All the same to me. Shot out tho for the military discount!
1	WHY I have company in town with long grass:Bought Toro "Guaranteed start" mower from Home Depot (Mistake one).  after one season, stopped starting. (?)  Took it to a mom and pop shop, they said its under warranty, so stuffed the thing BACK into the trunk of my Civic and drove to the tool rental place on AZ.  Kaleb said "Oh yeah these torros suck, it's known for clogged carbs. needs a $15 carb clean. NOT warranty" I told him I had company coming in town in 8 days,and asked if he could get it out quick. he said, yes, a few days, may be up to a  week.. I waited a week and called, got surfed back to the voice mail line 3 times before getting a human on phone. Human knew nothing about my mower and assured me it WASN'T yet being worked on.  said to call Kaleb back after 2.  Called back after 2.  got surfed back to voice mail 5 times before getting operator on line. Kaleb wasn't working, just got screwed over by day guy who didn't wanna deal with me.  Finally got operator, she got a 'head cashier' to walk over and answer phone. she knew nothing and could not find my order WITH a name, and invoice number. said ' I don't normally work over here.'  no shit.  She Then spent 10 minutes with a   manager standing next to her relaying everything I said to the manager and everything the manager said to me. long story short, there were STILL 50 machines ahead of me after 7 days and they couldn't move it up. Manager assured me that Kaleb would be 'talked to'. FLAT OUT LIED TO ME ABOUT TURN AROUND TIME what a complete d-bag thing to do. THEN ran me through a  grinder of voice menus, people in tool rental who won't answer phone, and head cashiers and managers who cant find customers  even with a  last name and invoice number. so now I get to GO GET my lawnmower and take it back to the mom and pop shop and explain to my guests that my lawn looks like hell because HOME DEPOT is to CUSTOMER SERVICE as NICKELBACK is to ROCK MUSIC.
1	terrible phone and customer service.  absolutely awful.  will never use for installation of anything again. They overcharged me and were completely inconvenient. I don't care what the deal is. Never again Home Depot.
4	I have frequented this store a number of times and have had a good experience. It is a bog store and sometimes it is hard to find things, but the staff is helpful and is able to point you in the right direction. Compared to other Home Depots, i would say that this one is above average. My recommendation is to ask for help when looking for something, it will save you time and aggravation later. The Home Depot staff is knowledgable and is very helpful.
1	I would put NO STARS or negative 5 stars if I could!  People here are RUDE!!  Called to inquire about a grill and was on hold for a while, not the problem, when a lady finally answered the call, I told her I was calling to see if they have a certain product I was looking for... Her response..., "what?, I don't know?  Hold on."  Then she hung up on me!  I called back, to try it again, a man answers, said, "ummm, hold on."  Then hung up on me again!  So, nevermind, will look elsewhere!
4	My experience here has been pretty limited to the garden section, but for a fella who's just getting to know the gardening of the fine state of AZ, it seems to have everything you would need.My big focus has been fighting the early weeds in the yard, so I popped in for a little weed killer and a pump sprayer. Sure enough, there's a variety of everything you would need. Broadleaf killers, total vegetation TNT, and sprayers in lots of different sizes.Other than that, this is your standard Home Depot. Lots of stuff for home electrical, plumbing, paint and more. And never enough orange apron men and women running around to help.
3	This location is helpful...if you can find someone to help you. On more than on occasion we have had to hunt down someone to help assist us in the window area, appliances area and the paint area. However, whenever we have gone here over the years for anything in the garden area we have always been helped promptly and the trip is easy breezy.
5	I'm not a very handy guy,  so when I go someplace like Home Depot,  I really need some guidance.   On this trip,  I was looking for a 24x24in plywood board and didn't know where to start.   When I asked the guys in the lumber department,  they knew right where to direct me,  and they even cut the board to the size I needed.   I'll always pick Home Depot over other hardware stores because of experiences like that.
5	I absolutely love this Home Depot location. I have come here many times for different reasons, everytime they have had fantastic customer service and have been able to help me get the things I need. Me being not so home repair savy, they are always able to lend a helping hand and assist me in getting the proper materials. There are always many floor associates there to ask questions to! Definitely recommend!
1	This is the WORST Home Depot we've ever shopped from. No one knows the return policy. We've shopped here for over two years and pretty much never had a problem until today! OMG our two tresses died and they found one on our credit although we purchased both on our credit cards, then they won't even give us credit for one of the tresses and we just purchased the tresses two months ago! Be aware hard working people do not go to this store, it's a rip off!!!!!
5	I've shopped here for years.  The staff is always extremely helpful and know about the department they are in. I only had one problem which was not even their fault.  The door I bought was not made properly and would not work because of the frame being manufactured at a 90 degree angle. However, when I called them to get help they came out that day with a new one so I would not have to go to bed that night with out a door. They took the original one and took care of the manufacture's paper work. Not to mention saved the day for me and my child.  Thank you Home Depot
2	I must say I don't always feel like the service is poor in this or all Home Depots but today was an experience.  I waited in garden for Over 30 minutes for one garden associate to help me the register, but she never came the line was a mile long in the garden department and when the cashier was finally free he told me she was the only one who could help me (I did not expect him to step away, was just hopeful he would call for backup) I then preceded to seek out a flatbed cart that I could use to start helping myself and even that was an exhausting process. Every cart in every aisle had some overstock of plants on it. Outside there were two more carts with excess plants on them as well. I located one cart that had several of the same plant and I stocked the shelf just so I could have a flatbed cart. (There were none inside either) phew!Finally ready to get what I need and still no one was available to answer my questions. I finally made a purchasing decision and got what I thought I needed and a young girl approached me and asked me if I needed help. I will say better late than never she was pleasant and even helped me load my vehicle I was super impressed by her. I really wish I could remember her name SHE deserves 5 stars.  This was exhausting and unnecessary a 20 minute trip turned into over an hour. Silly. Please get your people some help. I live nearby and want to feel good about shopping with you.
