5	We have Dragon boat practice here a couple of times a month.  They have open paddles on alternating weekends.  The money we pay for the team practice and the open paddles go to St. Rose Dominican Hospitals and our WomensCare Centers of Excellence breast health services, including medical care and psychosocial support for uninsured women and men facing breast cancer.  So we get a workout and the money goes to a great cause.  Lake Las Vegas does not take a portion of the fees.  Open paddles can be found on Meetup.com under Las Vegas Dragon Boat Club!  They do have other rentals available.
5	People that know me, know how much I like a good deal.  Lake Las Vegas Marina is where I recently found a great deal on kayak and paddle board rentals. $20 an hour plus tax, and they offer a military discount! $20 an hour for kayak and paddleboard rentals, which beats the nearby competitor by a bit. No mandatory beginners class either... Don't assume you need one, I was able to hop right on a paddle board with ease! The staff working were great, I highly recommend renting kayaks and paddle boards from LLVM!
3	Beautiful scenery and sunsets are practially guaranteed at the marina. If you're here during a weekend concert, it can be even better with live music! The Contessa yacht offers great views of the lake. The yacht did offer public events such as a Sunday brunch cruise and a Wednesday dinner cruise. I've been to these in the past but am unsure if they still offer these cruises. Other water activities arepaddle boats, gondola rides and paddle boards, which are availble for rent. The marina is a great place to spend the day enjoying the truly unique scenery at Lake Las Vegas.
5	one of my absolute favorite places to getaway! Must go & just relax. I promise I will get married here one day. tehehe
1	My trip out here was actually quite a let down. It was a Sunday morning and we had no plans and wanted to do something a little different so after seeing a commerical with the sparkling waters and the awesome looking shopping and dining it looked like we had found our Sunday afternoon destination. We loaded up the car and began out 35 minute drive out there to first drive by a completely dead golf course on the way in, which we let go since we had not made the trip out there to golf. Following the signs it led us to the casino parking garage and we thought we had made it to this awesome desert oasis. This is when things went south, It is very unfortunate because this could be a great place but walking through the shopping area was like watching disney's Cars when they all freak out because they have customers coming down the street. It really felt that way, Most of the buildings are vacant and the few that were not had the shop owners/keepers sitting out front basically asking you to come inside and look around. It was more of the PLEEEAAASSSEEE come in, not a hey, how is your afternoon come take a look. I did feel a little dooped into coming out there, the TV commercial that aired showed this amazing lively happening place to go and that could not have been further from the truth. Unfortunately I have to say I don't think I will be back.
4	Being originally from SoCal - if there's one thing I miss it's water. And being able to do things on the water. Enter Dragon Boating!Every two weeks or so, the Las Vegas Dragon Boat Club holds their open paddle sessions on the lake.  For $10.00 (the money supports both the St. Rose Dominican Hospital's women's health program and the dragon boat rentals) you get piled into a narrow dragon boat with other intrepid paddlers and sent out on the glassy surface with a coach who will kick your butt and a steersman. Dragon boating is surprisingly strenuous but the views and the camaraderie more than make up for the pain. The lake is quite large and meanders past the resorts, condos, and mansions that line the shore - a gorgeous way to spend the AM hours on a weekend.Minus one star for the unfortunate capture of debris in the lake after the rains that makes me never want to get the water in my mouth!  Yuk!  Lake Las Vegas also offer paddle-board and paddle-boat rentals at the dock for those so inclined.
2	Perhaps we caught them on a bad day. I called at 8:00 am when they opened. No reservations...first come first serve. I told the attendant I would be stopping by at 10:30 to reserve for 11. Drove 45 minutes to get there to find that he was now leaving from 11:30 to 11:45 and that we wouldn't be able to get a boat until twelve. We returned at twelve to a huge line. They had two other boats in the docks but one had a bad prop and the other leaked. So now it would be 1:15. We left. Three disappointed kids.  The only credit I can give is that it may have been this attendants worst day ever. He was very apologetic but it also seemed like he was set up to fail. Next time, we are going to reserve boats at lake mead.
4	Tucked away in the gem that is Lake Las Vegas, you will find a small Marina where you can rent kayaks for $25.00/hour, and electric boats for $60.00/hour. You can also get paddle boats and boards. I recently held an event at the lake and Grant who works at the Marian couldn't have been more accommodating! I went on my first paddle board excursion and he gave me all the tips I needed to keep me from falling in the icy water. My guy and friends were convinced I was was going to fall in! Damn, have a little faith! With reasonable prices, and a variety of water crafts, this is a must when you are looking for something different to do in Vegas.
4	Electric boat for $65 per hour.  Price is not unreasonable, and my son really loved steering it.  :)
5	LAKE LAS VEGAS is an awesome place to visit. Luckily for me I get to live just a couple of minutes from the marina. Come see another side of Vegas! You won't regret it!
5	One of the best and  unknown experiences in Las Vegas!  If you feel in need for a break from the casinos and the city, I would recommend taking advantage of the electric boats out at Lake Las Vegas. A few of my girlfriends and I wanted to just get out and do something different so we chose to go to the lake. We initially went to out to just relax and walk around the shops and get lunch with no plans of getting a boat. The boat was extremely affordable (especially split 5 ways!) and the 1 hour out on the lake was so beautiful and relaxing it has become a monthly event for us girls now. I would highly recommend this to any family's in Las Vegas or who are visiting to have a memorable experience without breaking the bank.
1	Used to come here to rent one of the electric boats and go for a cruise on the lake... Unfortunately the company In Charge has not invested in keeping the boats up to date and the whole place looks terrible... The boats need major repairs the upholstery in all boats are either torn, ripped  or dirty food stains? The radios are all broken, the one we rented had no working gauges so you don't even know if the battery is charged.For$65 an hour? I expected something way better.
5	We did the "Duffy Electric Boats" for one hour not knowing what quite to expect, but it was amazing! Wished we did the 2 hour. We'll definitely be back for more.
4	If you want a piece of tranquility, this is one the places I would recommend.  Nice location to take pictures, walk, hike, do out door activities and many more.  Recommend everyone to check this place out.
