5	I've only been a member for a short time, but I am happy with the service, as well as benefits I receive from One Nevada. Your staff at the North El Capitan branch has been excellent! They all deserve great recognition from the effort they have put in to keep me as a member. Please go in and give them all high-five's and lollipops, or some kind of reward. They have been fabulous and deserve a treat.
1	For more information, see my review of the Nellis Blvd location.I'm writing another on this location because I've had a few dealings here as well.Came in for a personal loan.  Had an appointment with a representative, which was rescheduled by the representative (no problem, she called us ahead of time to reschedule).We came in, had a specific schedule where we had to pick our son up from school.  We were kept waiting past our scheduled appointment about 1/2 hour.  The representative was very apologetic, and we were as cordial as we could be, but mostly because we just didn't want anything to keep us from our loan.We made it clear to her that we had to leave soon, so she needed to kick it into gear because we needed to get our son.  We weren't late getting our son, thank goodness, but if you're going to schedule an appointment for a member, keep the appointment and don't make them wait in an empty waiting room for no reason.
1	I have a savings account here and my other accounts are at USBank. So I left the house in a hurry this morning and didn't grab my One Nevada card.  I wanted to make a $500. deposit so thought I would just go into the branch to do it.  When I went into this branch, they told me that a live person could not do a deposit at this branch.  I could only do an electronic deposit at their location.  If I wanted to make a deposit without my card, I would have to drive to another branch that was 12 miles- one way.I can't imagine a bank that would not take my money!  I want a bank that gives me REAL, full customer service.  The reason I mentioned USBank at the beginning is because I get it there. No, I'm not an employee or a relative.  But I am mentioning this in case anyone else is looking for a full service bank.  And I am going to close my account at One Nevada.
4	I had a problem with my debit card not working on Friday night and I have to say I did panic a bit. I am new to One Nevada so I didn't know what to expect. But I was contacted the next day and everything was made right! I will update my rating later after I have built a relationship with them. Thanks again for fixing the problem promptly!
