4	So after a couple weeks of me wanting a combination of wanting spice and buttery and salty things, all thanks to me being pregnant, my hubby FINALLY won in his mission to get me to try Indian Cuisine. Seriously. It was more of an off handed suggestion that we trade in my Chinese request for Indian and my spice craving offspring overtook my brain and the voice that yelped "YES!!!" sounded like something out of the exorcist.A short time later we found ourselves at Bombay Palace, a brand new Indian restaurant my darling hubby had spied being built during our many trips to Big Lots (my obsession).It took us quite awhile to be seated, another customer picking up catering goods actually flagged down the hostess who in turn seated us. They also obviously don't use their AC... Which made life kind of interesting and had me rolling up my pant legs under the table - a culinary experience FIRST for me.My friend, who was joining us, and I inquired about foods that wouldn't burn our virgin (to Indian ;) ) mouths off and the hostess/waitress quickly sent the chef out who's a rather charming East Indian man. He guided us straight and true and suggested I order the Chicken Korma Curry in mild.Mild did NOT mean watered down and Americanizes. It meant not fire in your face, but enough of a kick to keep life interesting.Oh. My . God.Seriously.Oh. My. God.I was born in the wrong neck of the woods.Indian food is my new calling in life and I will NEVER EVER not trust my husband's culinary decisions EVER again! This restaurant is INCREDIBLE and I hope it stays forever, EVERYONE needs to try Bombay Palace and share it with everyone they care about because sharing is caring and this food totally equals LOVE.I would so give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the slow start and lack of AC. Seriously. I'm in love.
4	The food was great. Nice , little clean place.The menu lacks description , but I was able to ask the waiter about anything that sounded interesting. I will be back.
5	100% amazing, spicy (if you want), authentic Indian food. Take the lack of descriptions in the menu as a sign of the restaurant's authenticity and your opportunity to learn what some dishes are without a cheat sheet. The server will describe what things are if you have questions or, if you are ordering takeout, you can GFG it.This is no longer Southern Spice, and the mediocrity of that other restaurant is no longer there, either.We've ordered takeout several times through GrubHub and LOVED IT. They honor requests of spiciness and make it just right. Kormas, vindaloo, biryani, paneer or chicken tika masala, basmati rice and samosas have all been piping hot, fresh, served with love and absolutely delicious.Go go GO. Forget any other restaurant that has ever been in that location.
5	Amazing food! They customize the spice level to your liking! Tried Hyderabadi Chicken Dum biryani and chicken chettinad! By far the best Indian food I've eaten in Tempe!!!
2	Meh. Service is attentive and eager but not too competent. (E.g. We ordered Cabernet and got tepid Chardonnay.) Food was so-so. Not as good as Delhi Palace. The spinach part of the palak paneer was reminiscent of school lunch spinach (maybe canned?); the amount of sauce in the lamb and chicken dishes was disproportionate to the meat--there were only a few bites of meat to a good 1.5 cups of sauce. None of the three curries or the birjani was memorable.
3	Went to check out the lunch buffet, appears to be out of business...no hours posted on the sign outside.
