4	I worked in the area so for a few years this was my designated Target, but without that, it wouldn't have been.  I always found it to be a bit less clean than most other Targets I visited.  I was often surprised when they didn't have things that I'd seen at other locations.  Their seasonal section was only about 1/2 the size of the one on Baseline, and even smaller than the one at Paradise Valley mall (Yes, as a matter of a fact, I am a Target connoisseur.)  Their clothing selection was ok, but again felt a bit smaller than some other spots.  They never seemed to have the best of the new clothing collections either.  That said, it was a great place to go for your basics.  New t-shirt, laundry detergent, some greeting cards, Air Filters, shampoo, a loaf of bread, vitamins and a new plant for the office.  After all - it is still a Target.
2	I bought a universal watch band, and at the time didn't have it adjusted to fit me correctly. So I walk into this Target today and ask the women at the jewelry counter if she could help me adjust the band. She informs me that "they have taken away all their tools" and "they don't perform that service anymore". Way to go Target...
1	You'd think with its proximity to the chi-chi yuppieville that is Arcadia, this Target would be... well... not so ghetto. This one is actually worse than the one at Christown (oh, excuse me, "Spectrum") Mall, and that's saying something. We'll be saving this location for emergencies only.
3	I just moved to this area about 7 months ago from Tempe, of course being spoiled by the un-present dangers of college life I was shocked that the first person to greet me here was a police officer.  Surprisingly not shocked by that I proceeded with my shopping business.300 ft in I was greeted by an associate working the 99cent area.  "Nope, just looking thanks!" I was just wasting a little time and hoping to pick up some mascara before my night out.  3 mins later "can I help you find anything?"  "Nope just looking" yet again another associate not 5 mins later asked again "Do you need any help finding anything?"  I was baffled.  I got more attention here than in Neiman Marcus! I have to say the staff here is a lot nicer than Tempe...college town where manners aren't exactly in the qualifications for hire.  The staff here on 44th were so nice and genuinely too.  It's been about a few months since the last review here and I have to at least clear it's reputation. The food area was not all that bad, and the Starbuck's (Being a corporate employee) was actually up to license standards. *smiles* I have this horrible habit of having to walk the entire store and touch a  magazine or two...which after I grabbed what I was really there for and proceeded to check out.  There must have been 45 in line...all with baskets full.  Seeing that I only had one item, the lady at the customer service counter graciously took me and checked me out pronto! How awesome is that? I like this place, and a good thing I do because I got 6 months left of this lease!  P.S. The officer thing is not to scare you, come to find out it's actually a requirement that stores in phoenix have.  Most stores in the area including Fry's and Wal-Mart have at least one at all times.
3	Now. First and Foremost. Are you looking for food court eats? Are you looking for lunch, a snack or some dinner? If so, this Target is not the place for a food court meal/snack. When I think of going to Target, I don't think about going there to eat their fast food culinary creations. Skip the food court (your arteries will also thank you) and check out the rest of this Target. It isn't that bad but it's not amazing either. Here are some things this Target is good for:- Prescription refills!!!!!!! The Pharmacy is where this Target really shines - it deserves 5 stars. If you want to wait for your prescription to be filled, go here! They are faster than the speed of light, and they have tons of super cheap $5 generics. Also, I HIGHLY recommend it because the staff is incredibly friendly and they put customer service first. - Munchies, candy, gum, soda, beer & wine! They also have a good seasonal shopping selection too.- There is a Starbucks inside but since it isn't a stand alone store so expect to wait as it's manned by one employee.- Cheap yet fashionable clothing. If you have a great eye for fashion (be honest with yourself) you can find some classic wardrobe pieces here. BUT, if you don't have good taste in clothing, you could potentially walk out of here with something ugly.- Impulse shopping. Want to blow some cash? Go to Target and you can drop $100 in the blink of an eye.- I've also returned stuff here and I've never had an issue. It was fast and painless.This Target is conveniently located but it's also in a ghetto fabulous area of Arcadia. So lucky for us shoppers, there's a security guard to watch over us and our vehicles. How thoughtful of Target to employ someone who puts safety first, right? It's not the biggest or the cleanest Target, I wish the selection was a tad larger and it's not a Super Target with full-on grocery shopping like fresh vegetables - but it does get the job done. And I really mean it about the Pharmacy, it's awesome.
2	Seriously frustrated by my recent shopping experience -- or should I say, check out experience -- at this Target. I must've been wearing my invisibility cloak, because the first line I was in closed as it was my turn to check out, even though I had been in the line while her light was on and there was no one in line behind me. The next line I moved to was excruciatingly slow and, again, the woman didn't notice me after she finished with the customer ahead of me. When she did see me, she began to ring me up. In all fairness, I'm short and I had my cart piled with storage containers that MAY have made it difficult to see me behind it, but certainly my cart was visible. Further, I was dragging a rolling trash can behind me. Not an easy feat, I might add. I had a cumbersome load. "Yes, thank you. I WOULD like help out with this." ...but no one ever came. Given the amount of time I had already spent in line, I needed to get back to the office. As I'm attempting to make my way to the car by myself, I get stopped by the security guard who wants to see my receipts (Ala Costco). So, evidently now I'm visible... or carts moving on their own are suspicious. I show my receipts and ask if she can help me to my car with them once we've established I legitimately purchased them. Of course, her priority is her post but she offers to call someone. As does the dude standing there behind her... in the red Target shirt. Frustrated, as this has been done already. I say, I really don't have time to stand here and wait for someone to come up here. And continue to make my way to my car myself. While the two of them stand there... presumably.
4	Okay, for all you haters -- my top ten reasons why I LOVE this Target! 1) I live extremely close to this location, so it is very convenient for me to visit. 2) I think their volume, traffic patterns, or customer demographics may differ from other Target stores -- so I end up scoring some pretty sweet deals on clearance that I don't see at other stores 3) I've found the staff to be friendly and helpful, just as I'd expect4) Their Holiday clearance sales rock -- the 50%, 75%, and 90% -- I totally scored this year!!5) Target Redcard -- which of course can be used at any Target store, but again -- who doesn't like saving an extra 5% off of EVERYTHING - - even iPads and discounted/sale/clearance items!6) If I have a printed advertised special at another store, they will offer the same price. 7) The staff back in Electronics are awesome, there's about 5 different associates back there (don't recall their names) that are very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable8) The Starbucks staff here are always super friendly -- and remind me to get my free Gold refill :)9) Monster cookies and the popcorn/soda special in the food court are the bomb!10) Sure beats going to the ghetto Walmart down the street!!
5	I absolutely love this Target!  True it is not as modern as some of them. However, they are in the process of remodeling. So in March it will be just as fancy as the others. It has a Starbucks for all those folks that need that. You can eve use your Target card there.(Starbucks) It is always clean, tons of parking and the staff is so incredibly helpful and friendly.  The pharmacy is by far the best though. Everyone that works there is wonderful. They can answer all your questions, they are very friendly and of course oh so helpful!  I live on the west side and i will drive all the way over there for my scripts. Of course it is near my job.SOOO it is the best Target in the Valley!
4	Why does Target get such a bad rap? This Target has recently been remodeled and looks very clean and new inside. They've added a fresh food section and purchased brand new shopping carts. I have to admit, though that I found better discounts at the Walmart  down the street.On that note, even though the Walmart down the street from this Target has lower prices on items, one has to weed through the beggars and unattended shopping carts to get to and from the store.... but that's a whole other review.
4	This store is great, especially since they added fresh vegetables, meat, and a full grocery section.
1	In our house this store is known as "Ghetto Target". My wife and I feel subservient to this store for geographic purposes. We have come to know and, ultimately, endure our frequent shopping trips with continually lowered expectations of anything positive coming our way. The checkout staff is, to a person, rude, unprofessional and often seem just really, really dumb. My favorite story from Ghetto Target is a few months ago when I purchased some laundry detergent, paper towels and a birthday card. Upon my exit , a security guard followed me out of the store and asked to see my receipt for the purchase. Surprised, I replied kindly, "no you can't but thanks for asking". I kept walking to my car as the security guard "ordered" me to stop, threatening to call police. I calmly told him I was okay with his plan to call the cops, got in my car and drove away with him standing in my rear view mirror, looking like a complete idiot. Of course, it's Target, so I still go back. Often. Maybe I'll  get a t-shirt that reads "I survived Ghetto Target".
4	This place recently got a facelift!  They added a whole new grocery section and redid the cosmetic area and other parts of the store.  It looks nice now...I have been to nicer Target's but this one is so close and convenient to my house.  It is very easy to get to and the parking lot is large and never too crazy...except for holidays.  I always find everything I need...I love ELF cosmetics and they have plenty of that...the clothing options are decent I have seen more at other Targets but its still good!  I really like their Starbucks in this store.  They always get my drink just right and they always have the cups I want if the Starbucks across the street is sold out.  They have decent prices on groceries and I love the Up and up brand!  I find just as good of deals at Target as I do at Walmart!  I have gotten alot of home decor items here and they always have a great selection.  They have a way better selection here then at the Target in the Pavilions in Scottsdale.  The staff has always been helpful and nice.  It is a great Target!
5	This is a great Target! Everything you want is now here. The Pharmacy is really excellant. They truly do go out of the way to help you. You can even call Scripts  in and they have them ready when you get there.                      It is a very big store ,with a Starbucks and a little food court. Every other dept is full of exactly what you came for. I even only buy dog food here. They have the best price for  the good stuff.   Lots of parking in the lot as well. Long hours they open @8:30 am & close @9:30 pm.                   Can't believe Christoper had a bad review for this Target.                          The cashiers and other people that work there are fantastic. Very Helpful.
5	Once again i must sing the praises of  Target. They are so great and friendly in this store. I absolutely love the Pharmacy! They have the absolute best people working here.                             I do not even live any where near this Target.                                         But, i will drive all the way here to get all my  prescriptions filled.  They are always willing to help you, answer any questions, The Pharmacists are all great, but Dan is so wonderful. He will even come out on to the floor to help you find what you are looking for, an answer questions about Vitamins.  One of the many reasons i love Target!
5	How can you not love Target!!  Great location right on 44th street and Thomas.          Great Pharmacy, and now they of course carry food..... Seems as if all the Targets are starting to carry food.  They have really good fruit and vegtables....so it is almost like one stop shopping.  The stafff at the Pharamcy is really good always happy and always helpful. There is so much you can get here. Lots of parking in the lot.  They have really great hours as well.
5	Okay so 1 star right away just for being Target.Add a 2nd star for having a Starbucks and Pizza Hut Express.Add a 3rd star because the store was just remodeled!Add star 4 for having a sizeable grocery section with fresh food!I was gonna give it a solid 4 stars because this Target is fresh, has lots of food choices, a Pharmacy, the great food court with Pizza Hut Express and Starbucks, and plenty of friendly Team Members that have never failed to ask me if I need help, but the fact that this Target is open til 11pm rather than the typical 10pm closing time for Target, that my friends just bought star #5! That extra hour is seriously invaluable seeing as I often get off at 10pm and need to buy groceries and other essentials after work. Add in how incredible the location is with Costco and Fry's in the same lot and I'd give it six stars if I could. Love the Arcadia Target along with the whole shopping corner it's in!
5	I spent almost a week in Phoenix on a work assignment for Global Dance TV and visited this Target numerous times to buy food (comprehensive grocery section), toiletries (they've got everything and it's way cheaper than at a drug store), and even Legos (I'm going to argue that they were for someone else, but you're not going to believe me even though it's true).This Target is in a convenient location, not too far from the hotel where I was staying/working.  When I travel, I have to fit everything into a rolling carry on suitcase to avoid having to pay an additional baggage fee.  The company I work for pays the baggage fees for the camera equipment.  You can't fit much into those "3 oz containers that fit inside a quart sized ziplock baggie" allowed b the airlines and I despise hotel shampoo and conditioner.  What's a girl to do?  Well, visit Target for one thing.All about the Starbuck inside! Bonus - there were plenty of places to eat nearby, including a 5 Guys Burgers so it made leaving the hotel and running into town easier as everything was close by. You're like the geyser Old Faithful without the danger of annoying steam burns.
5	I don't generally bother to review large corporations such as target on yelp, but i felt obligated during this particular instance. The cashier I dealt with was very friendly. I also was appropriately helped in the electronics section, but I most of all wanted to mention a young man named Michael who was tall, thin, and looks an awful lot like Harry Potter. I interrupted him while he was sorting the shelves and asked a question about an item. He promptly dropped what he was doing, came over, allowed me to test out the built model, and then checked to ensure it was in stock---and THEN brought out a unit from the back for me to purchase. This is far and above the best service I have ever received at a Target in my life, and I encourage anyone shopping there to seek this helpful young man if you have a question. In my opinion, such customer service is the stuff of management-- I truly hope that this guy gets the attention and promotion he deserves. It is very hard to find service like that in retail and what this store has in this man is a real gem. Thank you for making my stressful day a lot more pleasant!
4	I love target, even if you go to buy 1 item you leave there with more, good prices, the employees working there, i have had the good luck to always been nice and kind to me, Very helpful.
5	Did not realize that Target sold Mobile Phones and did not expect much employee knowledge of those said mobile phones. I was wrong. The employee at this target store could have schooled any Sprint employee and she managed to transfer all my photos and contacts without even disappearing into the back for 45 minutes. Target usually has a machine to do all this, but it wasn't available. Also, the price of the Galaxy 4 was $50 cheaper than any other place I have ever seen ($149 on sale) and no stupid rebate was needed. Phone works and it was a smooth transaction with a good employee.
4	From your squeaky clean floors, the great discount prices, to the bright smiling faces, Target will always have my heart.
4	Not the newest, brightest, or largest target around but you'll still find what you're looking for. Much better service and faster checkout than at Walmart down the road.
3	This is where I go when I have a list of "everything but the kitchen sink" I need to pick up. Seems weird that a Target with a grocery section is next door to a regular grocery store and neither seems to be suffering for clientele, but I have to say I'm pleased to have the multiple options. The store is always nice and clean, despite being in a heavy traffic center.  Parking isn't terrible if you're willing to walk a little ways. If you want a spot up front, then you may have to have more patience.
5	Ahhhhh red pull over sweater!!!!!I knew target wouldn't do me wrong, Griselda. Did such an amazing job helping me find a red pullover no pockets no zipper no hoodie for me!!!!! I went to literally seven different targets and today was my day, I am sooo happy!!!I got a medium just in case. So I would go to a different target and get a smaller size. Fingers crossed.
5	This Target is nice. They have a grocery section and offer great deals on everything. Super easy to find what you are looking for and the staff was very friendly.
3	It's the place I quick run to when I need something. I MUCH rather go here than Fry's or Walmart.
3	This target is decent. Not in the best area. It is nice and close to costco and ihop. There is also many banks and a five guys near by. Target is better than Walmart.
2	It almost seems pointless to review a big box retail store, but I have issue with this location and how my items ring up.  I will use yesterday as a short but accurate example:I went to purchase a picture frame with my daughter.  We bought this and 3 spontaneous purchases.  The 3 additional purchases were frivolous and cheap, however it was the bright red SALE sign that attracted to me to these items.  And, at the register, none of them rang up at the advertised sale price.Supposedly the popcorn was on sale for $2.50. It rang up at the normal price of $3.29.  The watermelon oreos, which everyone has claimed are gross but are surprisingly good, were on sale for $2.80, but rang up for $3.  And lastly, I bought some sour patch flavored gum, on clearance at the register for 60-cents, yet rang up for .99 cents.YES, THEY DO HAVE SOUR PATCH FLAVORED GUM.I didn't say anything at the register because I am not going to hold up a line over an extra $1.29 total.  Nor am I going to waste my time standing in customer service to embarrass myself over $1.29.  But, the problem is that this is exactly what Target expects from us.  They basically overcharge ALL OF US every time we shop there.  Sure, in minimal amounts, but does that make it right?It was Sunday so  it is very conceivable that this particular store simply did not update their sale advertisements throughout the store and it's more of an issue with location rather Target itself.  Hence the yelp review.Since they have sour patch flavored gum and watermelon oreos (and yes, I realize I  have taste buds like a 6 year old), I will probably return anyway.  Just be wary of the sale signs - they mean nothing.
4	The Bad:  Products here don't always show the correct prices &/or sale prices.  I don't recommend the pharmacy (Extremely! expensive).   The Good:  Items here are mostly low-cost & has food & clothes.
5	You are awesome!  You have everything anyone could ever ask for. I honestly could spend hours looking at hair products and bed sheets!  Staff is friendly and helpful whenever I have questions. Guess what??? If you are charged the wrong price for an item, be an adult and say something, they will correct it!  It's crazy I know!  Thank you target!
3	Just your typical Target store, nothing special about this one.  Only good thing is that this location is close to my work place so if I need anything for my job, I can easily drive over here and get it.
5	I just love seeing the old fashioned escalators made from wood! The clothes and shoes are so different from my area! I love shopping there every time i'm in AZ !! Great sales and HUGE selections!!I heard people say "I don't go to Phoenix to shop" but they haven't seen the shoes in Target's! This store is so much fun and I love the history behind it too!
5	The store is huge! A beautiful building with many floors full of excellent products! Not all prices are inviting, but you can find some deals.
5	Lines have been short, and like always, I find a consistant supply of good quality, everyday household supplies and new merchandise, depending on the season.This particular store is layed out similarly like other Targets, and I really appreciate that, as it makes it easier to to get in and out, and on with my day.
2	First off, my wife and I are 'die hard' Target fans, so it pains me a bit to write this review. I will be taking my business elsewhere after my experience tonight. The intent of our visit to Target this evening was to buy a new grill. However, instead of leaving with a state of the art grilling machine, I left the store empty handed, with a bad attitude, and with a terrible taste in my mouth. When we walked back to the area of the store where this Target displays their grills, the area was being remodeled for new products to be displayed. But there were a couple of nice grills out on display, one of which, I planned on purchasing for nearly $300. I asked an employee for help and he mentioned "I don't work that area" and he called someone over who would help, apparently. The gentleman came over, I asked him general questions about price and availability which he was unsure of both. I asked if I could purchase the floor model and he replied "we can't sell the display model because of liability concerns." Why would you put products out on display that you can't sell? I was going to spend $300 just like that...but this Target doesn't need the additional revenue apparently.
