4	The lady who runs this little coffee bar in the Design Center is crazy, in a funny way.  She loves cracking jokes and chatting with customers, just ask her about the Happy Bunny pictures she had around the counter.  In addition to a great sense of humor, she really knows how to make a good drink.  She made one of the best chocolate mint iced coffees I think I've ever had (made with real mint Oreos).  The next time I'm in the area, I'll certainly be stopping in for a refresher.
4	Java Passage is a great place for a quick business meeting over coffee or to grab an iced coffee drink. (Though sometimes it can take a while for the owner to make the drinks, so if you're in a hurry, it might not be the best option.) Located in the South End Design Center, the decor of Java Passage is really cute. The courtyard there is gorgeous on a nice day. My favorite thing to order is the chai shake. Mm mm.
3	Java Passage is pretty good. I thought from the reviews that there would be a few more options on the coffee/specialty front but just ended up getting a pretty good Americano instead.I really enjoyed the courtyard outside with tables, a water tower, and a really cool art piece.  It was great to sit and use the free wi-fi here to get some work done.I'm in from out of town and was looking for something that got me out of the hotel room. And this coffee shop did just that.
3	Spacious. LYNX accsessible. Excellent lattes. Too few outlets. COFEE ICE CUBES (pretty awesome, though not pretty ;-)
4	I saw this place when I was running to the UPS store on my lunch break and decided to pop in for a quick cup of coffee and maybe a little afternoon snack.  Let me start by saying it's not at all what I expected, but I really enjoyed it!  JPEB is definitely more of a Coffee Bar/Kiosk.... something similar to what you'd find walking through a hospital or corporate building. There is a short menu and a few snack options.... the coffee is excellent, they have soy options, and (WAIT FOR IT) they use coffee ice cubes!!!  No watered down coffee for this girl!  Woop Woop!The owner is really sweet and perfectly honest when I asked her questions about the food items.But the best part about this place (besides the coffee ice cubes)... is the atmosphere.  Big open space, lots of seating, quiet, lots of light, overlooking a courtyard.  The perfect place for a quick meeting or if you want an alternative to starbucks.Thumbs up!
4	Java Passage is run by a sometimes sweet, always quirky woman who always brews up a nice cup of joe (or chai if that suits your fancy). Don't be surprised if she says it smells delicious and she'd like some. It's really a lobby of a building, but comfortable seating around which is what saves them a star. You can even venture outside to the cute courtyard. She'll give you the wifi password if you ask, but she's only open until 3 or 3:30 and will kick you out if you are around at that time which is a bummer since it's a lobby. Eh??   The bananas are fresh and good and she has other snacks as well.  $5 minimum credit charge. My main complaint is that without warning she will sometimes not open. No sign. Just not open. Hmmm....But the coffee is great and the location is great at the Design Center right off the light rail. If she could only hire another person and stay open more...
