4	Recently a small bunch of Yelpers rocked the mic at Supercube. Super fun can be had at Supercube which caters for karaoke groups in various sizes - pre-booked or walk-ins. Great service from the start introduces you to how it all works. With an extensive song list menu you will never be stuck for choice and this is available for viewing on their website too! Comfortable, sizeable rooms come with basic seating, a gigantic screen filling an entire wall (much better than a wee tv screen) and room service via a button on the wall to provide for your eating and drinking needs from the menu.  During pauses between songs, nearby rooms could be heard belting out their lungs/murdering songs. The only downside was that the room was quite expensive and on paying bills at the end before leaving we merged with another large group in the small reception area who had come out at the same time so there was quite a delay in getting payments done and dusted. Never the less, I'm sure I'll be back, but with a larger group to justify the cost of the room.
4	If you love karaoke you'll love supercube! It's great that you can be in a private group, drink copious amounts of booze and don't feel like you're making a fool of yourself in public! It's slightly pricey but good if there's a ton of you as the cost is split. The only thing that's slightly irritating is the paper song books. You'd think they'd have an electronic search facility or something. However, they don't have lots of competition in the area and its ideally situated on George st so it's all cool. I recommend for birthdays - a good post meal, pre club giggle.
5	We've been to the Supercube quite a lot of times in the past 3years or so, and it simply turned into our favorite past-pub activity on weekends and even weekdays. Went back last Saturday on the occasion of a birthday with a large crowd, and even though we just walked in without prior reservation everything got set up quickly and we had a fantastic night - yet again. As for the price range for the rooms, I found that most if not all of the times we went there we were able to get a very fair and decent deal (we're almost always 8-12 people). Prices for drinks are appropriate I'd say.
