4	Located in a strip mall, this is the biggest location. I just stopped in to see it since I was in the area, but it was almost overwhelming, in a good way. Too bad I didn't really get to browse every section, which I like to do. Next time, I will take my time. Surprisingly, very organized and clean, this is a pretty good store to visit. The people shoping there were pretty normal looking (not shady looking and jittery like a drug addict). I've been disappointed with the other smaller locations (Tropicana/GV/Sahara).
5	I heard about this Goodwill "outlet" and decided to give it a try. Here is the deal: You dig through bins (waist high and not too deep, surprisingly easy to search through) and find what you can. You take your load to the register, your finds get weighed and you pay $1.29 a pound. My huge arm load of stuff came to $15.The goods are cast offs from all the other Goodwills in town; the stuff that didn't sell. You can imaging the clothing we are talking about: rags, generic boring clothes , ripped clothes, Faded Glory jeans from Kmart, weird shit you have no idea what it is, etc. 98% of the stuff no one would really want, unless you are on a tight budget and are buying for kids who outgrow stuff fast and wreck the clothes they wear anyway. For big families, this place is great.BUT, if you dig and search hard enough you can find good, never worn designer stuff. I found a new pair of Citizens of Humanity jeans (retail $200+) Theory pants (retail $150+), A Local Celebrity T-shirt (retail $30+) Buffalo jeans (retail $100) a pair of kinda worn Diesel sneakers (retails $125), a beautiful pair of olive Zegna wool dress slacks made in Italy ($250+) and an amazing Diesel belt made in Italy ($200+) a Axis cardigan sweater (retail $45) and a pair of cK cargo pants, J. Crew khakis, and a pair of cool Plugg cargo pants. All this found at a regular thrift store would be considered a good thrifting day, but at this place, they were super deals.The negatives are you really have to dig, nothing is on hangers and the men's, women's and children's clothing is all lumped together. There are people digging right there with you, so if you're next to a jerk or a clothes hog, things can potentially get testy. Bins get rolled out consistently but unannounced, so when a fresh bin gets delivered, it's like throwing chum in an ocean full of sharks. There are household stuff too, but since this stuff is heavier, the prices will be higher upon checkout. The employees are surprisingly helpful and nice, which was a surprise. Overall, this place is not for a thrift store novice, but for a seasoned pro that knows clothing and can spot a deal among a frenzy. The day I was there it was not too bad, but when talking among fellow thrifters, I hear things can get crazy. There is also a Starbucks right next door, so you can easily load up on caffeine and get to work.This place is ideal for my kinda deal hunting. I will be a regular.
1	Very disappointed. Everything was over priced and most things came from the dollar store or was priced at what you could it for new.  Won't be going there again.
1	Wish i could give this place zero stars. It was such a disappointment! I just moved here from a city with a Goodwill outlet that is huge and full of good stuff.  Never walked out of there without a shopping cart full of treasures for around $12. They also had a huge selection of very reasonably priced furniture. Las Vegas is pretty lacking when it comes to thrift stores but this place is beyond appalling, so dinky and full of nothing but junk. Not worth a drive to North LV under any circumstances. Shame on you Goodwill!
5	I have never been to this location however I have worked with this goodwill through Goodwill's online auction site, shopgoodwill.com . When a small piece of my auction item did not arrive in the package that was sent to me, I contacted them to see about locating the piece and shipping it to me. Danielle replied to my email very empathetically, located the item and apologized for the oversight. She then emailed me when the item was shipped out.Above and beyond customer service. Thank you Danielle!
5	It's a bit hard to find, but well worth the effort. I saw it off of the 15 on the way from California to Las Vegas, but when I got off to find the store  ...   *crickets* It turns out that you have to take Tropicana (west) to Dean Martin (south) and turn left on El Dorado. Enter the parking lot waaaaaay down at the end on the right hand side, make a right in the parking lot and go down about ...  400 ft. The store will be on the right hand side. The store is bananas because it's just the way other Yelpers have described it. There are things in blue bins (and they bring out more every 10 to 15 minutes). There are things lining the walls (primarily children's toys). There is furniture. There are holiday items. Whew! It's a lot too look through, but well worth it.Some things have price tags (usually the larger items) but most things are sold by the pound. I got a trashcan that allows me to wave my hand over the top to automatically open for ....   $3! I got a wooden children's table for ...  $3! I got a $200 tent (in PERFECT condition with all the pieces) for $2! I got children's toys still in the bag, a clean Boppy with a cover in decent condition and some other items and my grand total came to $15. You can't beat that.  =)
