4	Disclaimer: I love Jimmy John's Club Lulu. If it were not for that sandwich and my love for it, I'd probably only give this place a 3-star, as it's fast food and probably doesn't truly deserve four stars. But... the Club Lulu is an amazing sandwich and I love it dearly, so this review is a bit biased.This restaurant is clean, the service is friendly, and the food is good. It was also pretty empty when I was here, which gave it kind of a relaxing feel. It's basically your typical Jimmy John's experience, though with solidly good service.
3	Still love the Club Lulu sandwich, but the service here can be hit or miss.
3	Food is good.  Service depends on which one you go to.  I went to the Columbus store and as the cashier was handing me my change, our sandwiches were being slid across the counter!   We went to the address for this review.  Food..Good.  Service... Not.  We walked in around 5:30.  The place was empty.  It was just my daughter and I.  A single woman was behind us.  There were three on the line, one at cashier and two making sandwiches.  They took our order and their time on making our food.  As we sat down the lady behind us sat with a bag of chips and a soda in her hand to wait for her food.  Another lady came in and ordered as well.  As we ate, the second lady was presented her sandwich.  The first went to the counter to ask about hers and they looked surprised that they had missed it.  They missed something alright.If you can get it, you will enjoy your meal.  I recommend you go for the multi-grain bread.  You can get a french roll anywhere.
4	I go there a few days a week for lunch. Good food, usually super fast. They remember my "usual" sandwich. Music is usually pretty loud, but it fits with the energy level.
3	We just ordered from this JJs for my office lunch (company orders from them and Milio's regularly because they're fast and deliver). It's been an hour since I received confirmation, so it's not living up the "freaky fast" promise. We're all having to delay lunch until it gets here, so we're not super thrilled with this experience. I'll update on our next order, they're usually great.
