4	Clean / Comfortable / Convenient  / Great Staff /Good Value  about $60 per night
1	First off I would give this "establishment" NEGATIVE 100 stars if it were an option. Made a reservation on Sept 6th for 2 nights to come in for a friends wedding. I used my CC to secure the room. we were supposed to be part of a block that was secured for the wedding. Got my confirmation email. Set to arrive on Nov 15. Got another confirmation email on November 10th. Make the 6 1/2 hour drive to arrive at 3pm to be informed that they cancelled our room because they were BOOKED, tried to charge my stay over a week ago (I have NEVER had a hotel do that before) My card was declined (Duh, I only put the money on that card right before i travel! WE have been fraud victims 3 times for the sum of almost $9,000) The man at the front desk told us in a snotty voice that "YOU PEOPLE need to take care of your credit card!" then raised his voice to my husband when he told him that this was complete B.S.  (He didn't say Bull Sh** he actually said "B.S.") I asked to speak to his supervisor. he slapped a business card on the counter and told me that he was the General Manager and I could just go ahead and complain! Then he actually FLIPPED ME OFF with both hands....... OMG! my husband and I travel a lot and I will NEVER EVER Stay at a Comfort Inn again. Further more I will tell EVERYONE I know and everyone I encounter about Mr Sam Trivedi the Douche Bag General Manager at the Comfort Inn Fountain Hills.Oh and as for the Comfort Inns OWN Policy.....Guarantee PolicyYour room will be held until 7:00 AM the morning following your scheduled arrival date. If you do not arrive and do not cancel your reservation by the cancellation deadline, your credit card will be charged 1 night's stay plus tax. My card should NOT have been charged until 7am TOMORROW per their OWN policy!!!!!!!
1	I reserved a room, and when I called to cancel the 2 nights reservation because my car broke down, they didnt let me cancel. And charged me on my credit card with out my permision. And when I was on the phone telling  the MANAGER that i can go an cant pay, he said that they were going to charge me and he hung up on me. Very rude customer service! Not Recomended
2	We stayed here due to easy access to Mayo Clinic.Our plan was for today was, as my appointment at MC wasn't until the afternoon, to stay and use the Wi-Fi from our room until check out time.Well, no internet starting before 9am. I called the front desk, and was told someone would call me back. By 9:30am, no one had, so I called again, only to be informed that there was nothing the clerk could do, that he had called his manager.Not okay. The hotel advertises Wi-Fi as available.We checked out early, heading to Starbucks for a drink and Wi-Fi. I tried emailing the 3 email addresses for the hotel, and one came back to me, as the inbox was full. A second one also came back undeliverable.Just not OK at all.We won't back to this hotel, though we will be back at Mayo.
