5	Came in today because the lock on the end cap of Jason's new 2.0 broke. When we came in, they explained the defect in design and were happy to replace the product and even gave him a few 4th of July exclusive side plates. The customer service here has always been awesome that I've considered getting one myself and would have bought one last year if the key to my Lexus was more Keyport friendly.
5	WOW, just wow! I am super impressed with my new "toy." Holding six keys in one "keychain" has never been so exciting for me. I've never heard of Keyport up until a car friend brought it up and we made a trek to Keyport's HQ to see the products for ourselves.Aimee and her team are amazing! So friendly, helpful, and more importantly patient. Had a bunch of questions and the process didn't seem too complicated once the keys were sorted out. I came in with a bundle of keys and I had to narrow it down to 6 keys worth porting. I guess what impressed me even more was the fact that it was cheaper to get my car key duplicated here and ported than getting a duplicate one elsewhere. I was sold. It even came with custom side plates with my car club's name on it. How awesome is that? :)Visit mykeyport.com and get ported!
5	I've been a supporter of Keyport since their first Kickstarter campaign and have always been impressed by their professionalism and customer service.I've visited the HQ in the past and am actually the guy in the picture labeled "Happy Keyport customers!" (excuse the bedhead)Most recently my Kickstarter 2.0 was a victim of the initial plastic defect, causing one of the locking tabs to break. I contacted Keyport last week with my issue and received my brand new replacement in the mail today.I will always have a Keyport, not only because it is an amazing product but because of the company and employees that back their innovation are second-to-none.Thanks Keyport!
5	I received my Keyport yesterday and I have to say I'm very glad I decided to finally pulled the trigger and got one. This gadget is genius and I can't believe I've waited so long to get it. I remember hearing about this product years back when the version 1 came out. Planned on getting it, but for some reason never got around to buying one. Then about two weeks ago I saw an add for Keyport on a website and I started reading reviews and watching Youtube videos of how it all worked. All that research just fueled my interest and I bought it.First impression was "wow that's smaller than I thought". Not only does this little thing look great, but it takes away the bulk, noise, and hassle of all the keys I carried around. Aside from Keyport making such a great product on to their customer service. Bradley and Aimee are awesome. They answer your questions quickly via email/ticket, chat, and phone. I had a little issue regarding shipping and they both assured me everything would be fine with my order and it was. If you don't already have one get one! You won't regret it. On my Keyport:- Truck key- Fuel tank key- 2 house keys- lock box key- Keyport light blade
5	Where to begin? So after all the reviews and YouTube video's I finally purchased my very own Keyport. I am so happy I did. This really is the perfect product. From start to finish it has been a true pleasure. With the fast and simple communication with Bradley and Aimee (both AWESOME!!!) to the taking pictures of my keys and submitting, to the porting of my car key and the shipping (super fast) to the final custom product. I couldn't be happier! For those who think it may seem complicated to order... Trust me, it's not. At all!! If you can take a picture of your key/keys and if you can print a template page that they email to you, you can make your own Keyport as well. It really is that simple. The build quality? Superb! The ease of use? Fantastic! The stealth and simplicity? Awesome! The cool factor? Astonishing! Every single time I put my Keyport with car remote down on the table or hand my Keyport to someone it strikes up a conversation. Everyone who see's it and hold's it, falls in love with it. When people hold it and try it, they immediately notice the build quality and ease of use which is probably why I waited so long to purchase one. I didn't have that luxury of touching it and holding it and playing with it. I relied on the reviews and videos online. I was skeptical at first because I thought there is no way this plastic device that holds the metal keys could possibly be strong enough to withstand daily use. And if you think about it, you use your keys a lot. You drop them, you throw them, you open multiple doors, you open packages/envelopes with them, you start your car, you scratch that hard to reach area on your shoulder, etc. You get the point. Keys are used and abused every single day. And that's why it was hard to make that commitment to purchase it. Simply because I couldn't feel it, I couldn't hold it in my hands, I was nervous it wasn't strong enough. But I was shocked when I finally had my new Keyport in my hands. I knew instantly that this product would tolerate anything I could possibly put it through. What dazzled me the most is the price! After building it online, including the porting of my chipped car key and custom nameplates, it was surprisingly inexpensive. Go to the website and try building one, you'll see. The only problem I have with it is, I keep saying key's when what I mean is Keyport. For example, when someone is looking at them too long, wishing it was his or her Keyport, I'll say, hey... Can I have my keys back?!?! But what I REALLY meant to say was, hey... Can I have my Keyport back?!?! I've had my Keyport for 1 month now. I wanted to wait a bit before submitting my review to give the most accurate opinion possible. I use it every day, I'm pretty rough with it and never had any issues. Buyers deserve an honest review and that's what this is, an honest review. If I didn't like it or thought it was flimsy, I would tell you but that is certainly not the case here. I hope you enjoyed my review as much as I did writing it. I really believe in this product and recommend it to anyone who ask's about it. I love my Keyport and know you will love it too! I will never go back, EVER!!! Thank you Keyport!
5	Always cool to come in and see what kinda cool stuff you can buy to upgrade your keyport. I love mine.
1	review:Just felt like sharing my personal experience with KeyportPurchased one of them two years ago, seems like awesome idea, however itstarted to fall apart on me just from normal use. where keyport casing meetsmetal started to come apart, one of dividers in between of slides broke, key head plastic cracked,lanyard tore and frankly the cap that holds base of keys is prettyloosei treated it just like set of keys, no an iphone that needs a case and screen protector, and i expect it to bereplacement for my keyring, not another gadget to worry about, but - atthis rate it cost me already $80+i contacted their support and they offered me 40% off next order which Itried to apply to purchase replacement and order one more Keyport andsome blades - however I was told by Amy that they can't do this forentire order.frankly speaking - I think that this product is already an overpricedgadget, they charge $5 per slide, think of it - its just a piece ofcheap metal with cut off head and 3 grams of plastic glued on. you canget they whole house keys replaced for that kind of money at localgrocery or hardware store.I was ready to spend 70$ on new keyports and accessories but i guess itdoesn't fit into their budget and instead of keeping a customer theyprefer to instead upset one. Think of it when you are making a purchasebecause standing up behind your product should mean - takingresponsibility, and i think that $80 key ring falling apart on you intwo years doesn't exactly state quality anywhere here.by the way, even at selling their original lesser of a quality but still cool product at $80 a pop they for some reason had kickstarted another project named keyport 2.0 and had another load of suckers buy into it - how is that when you are already a company you raise money trough kickstarter instead of taking your profits and use it for R&D ??after leaving comment on their FB page with pictures they removed my comments, so this company doesn't seem to like negative reviews? nice way of censoring - where is fairness?
5	I love my Keyport! As a person with many keys, I appreciate this nifty accessory. I have a bottle opener and a pen on mine as well. If you break your Keyport, they replace it with the newest version too. The people are always awesome & including their dog! This is a great & practical gift to give someone or yourself. It's the literally the little things in life like these :)
