3	After a nice hike and picnic at Saguaro Lake we were on our way home and hitting major traffic so decided to stop off at Tempe Market Place for a beer and wait it out. Walked in and noticed that a new place had opened, I saw that it had an upstairs patio bar so decided to check it out. As we went in it was evident that the place was still under construction, the hostess greeted us and said it was the grand opening and please excuse the wires. They have a large inside bar and seating area and a large outside bar and seating area. We chose the outside bar to enjoy the evening. They boast a sports bar atmosphere but none of the TVs were working, that was a disappointment.  I asked what the happy hour specials were and the bartender advised that they don't have happy hour specials since they serve in larger glasses. No HR what what what... We decide to stay since we had a nice spot on the patio and ordered up a couple beers. They had to go inside to get the beers because the taps on the patio bar weren't finished yet. They had some temp taps going in a frat party type set up, going through iced down red coolers but that was only bud light and such. Our beers arrived in something that looked like a margarita glass, a heavy glass with a stem. I'm positive these don't hold any more liquid than a regular beer glass and the glasses are awkward to pick up and hold, not sports barish at all. The food did look good so I will return to check it out again once it's all up and running. But bottom line is, if you're going to have a grand opening wait till the place is fully functioning and by all means get a happy hour going, 6.50 is too much for a beer.
5	Was shopping in this mall and stopped by to have lunch with my boyfriend- the place isn't open yet but they allowed us to sit and try the menu which I thought was awesome! We enjoyed great service on their huge patio and the inside looks like a modern, younger version of yard house. Tons of TV's, football leather seats, a mix of bar tops and comfy booths. The place is super open and surrounded by windows. It wasn't dark and grimy like I find most sports bars my boyfriend drags me to. We started with the honey glazed shrimp and table side guac which were both to die. They have a huge selection of beers and even though I didn't order one on a Monday lol It definitely wasn't because I didn't want a blonde ale, hef or the Woodchuck Granny Smith Cider! I just wanted a salad after our apps and loved their female friendly menu (another super annoying sports bar staple is no salads, or anything remotely healthy to choose from) so I went with the kale ceasar- portion was big but the chicken was grilled and the fried chickpeas were a yummy twist to it. My boyfriend got the maple bacon porkwhich which I had to take a bite of it looked so damn good! Especially for everything being brand new this place was amazing and we will definitely be back here for games to come!
5	LOTS OF FUN! Great atmosphere and great food! I'll be going back for sure!
5	This place is truly a Class A sports bar.    Eaten here twice already with friends and family and the  food, drink, and TV quality are far superior to any sports bar in the Phoenix Metro area.   The chicken fingers are large and tender with homemade sauce, and the honey shrimp is another amazing app I've never seen at a sports bar.   The salads here are also really legit--darker lettuce, fresh veggies, and quality meats and cheeses--which means you can eat somewhat healthy or actually take a female date here.    The technology here is state of the art--brand new TVs, high speed wifi, latest video games etc.   One of my pet peeves with sports bars is they will keep 5-10 year old tv's-- come on man, TV's aren't that expensive now!!   The place is tucked away a bit within Tempe Marketplace; I'm usually not a mall restaurant hangout guy, but this is a destination spot I will definitely come back to.
2	Service was poor. The restaurant was only about 3/4 full at the time of our meal, so it wasn't too busy. Waitress rarely came by to refill drinks, and didn't take away the old glasses when she did so there was very quickly no room on the table. Took her roughly 15 minutes to come back after drink orders to take entree orders. Atmosphere is ok, doesn't do anything special or different than any other sports bar to separate itself. Once we finally received our entrees, the food was actually pretty good. However, the quality of the food doesn't do nearly enough to outweigh the poor service.
3	Great bar....it is beautiful. The service is amazing and we were well taken care of. However....The food is a little over priced and not very good. I ordered a $10.00 turkey sandwich and it didn't come with any sides.  Also ordered the wings and they were horrible to say the least..Over all, great place to catch a game, good drinks but the food is a little over priced for the quality..
2	This place is new so maybe I will try again, but for now I will say service was bad, food was eh ok. Prices are high, not a good combo!!
1	Couldn't get into the BBQ place across the street on a Saturday night and found this sports grill, and there was no wait to be seated (I must have missed this red flag), six adults in our group ordering drinks and meals, the place was not very busy and there seemed to be plenty of staff on hand but everything we ordered got messed up or more often than not just plain forgotten about, the waitress would disappear for 15-20 minutes stretches (you could see her in the back on her cell phone) and when she would finally show back up she'd try and make light of the poor service but it was just aggravating, we had just a $140 tab, it would have been much more if he had gotten more timely service and if everything we ordered actually been brought out. We planned on visiting with our friends for a couple hours, ordering drinks and food but wound up cutting it short due to the poor service. The food was marginal for the most part although the pork sandwich my wife had was pretty good I have to admit.The atmosphere was nothing impressive at all, I'm no big fan of the Buffalo Wild Wings chain but they best this sports bar in every conceivable way.I would not consider ever going back to the Stadium Sports Grill on a bet, I cannot remember having worse service at a restaurant ever, it was so bad that I thought I was on Candid Camera or being Punked..I have to wonder how many of the previous positive reviews were written by employees, family and friends.
4	Sports atmosphere with a killer beer list, cocktails and wines. Try the Sonoran Style Hot Dog....2 pounds of yummy!
2	Nice big TV's and great for watching sports of course. But I was disappointed with the food. The "Beer cheese" that was supposed to come with our pretzels was not beer cheese. It was green chile cheese . (the same exact cheese that came on the nachos.) Also the cheesesteak sandwhich was supposed to be sliced rib eye but when it was was served it was actually just ground beef. So their menu is very misleading. And the waitress was very unfriendly. She seemed like she hated her job so much. I don't expect waiters to act extremely happy all of the time but she was straight up in a bad mood and showing it.
5	Let me start off by saying that I am a bit of a restaurant  snob and it takes quite a lot to impress me. Absolutely love this gem! We found this place by accident. I live by Tempe marketplace and we came here to go to thirsty lion but there was an hour wait. We wandered around and saw stadium sports grill.. We were skeptical at first.. But once we sat down we soon realized it is not your average sports bar! we found out that they had only been open 2 weeks! Our waitress was awesome! She was super friendly and very attentive. We then decided to give it another try a few nights later. Staff was amazing again plus our food was once again delicious. We have since made it our "spot" and come here often. Food is way above par for a sports grill, GREAT customer service! Have had nothing but amazing staff. Happy hour is awesome as well! We love to come here for a sports game for a few drinks and food then play some darts! Give this place a try, you will NOT be disappointed!!
2	Came here on a Wednesday night with a buddy of mines.  The place was pretty quiet, but that's fine with me.  I ordered a couple of drinks and some Chicken Fingers while my buddy just ordered a side of fries.  The Chicken Fingers were okay, but probably something I wouldn't order again.  My buddies fries were okay.  Needless to say, the place is huge!  Almost too big I say.  Felt like the crowd was separated from each other making the place feel like a ghost town.  My opinion is you need to condense the space you have somehow so the place looks busy and packed.  Another problem was signage.  If my buddy didn't tell me this place existed I wouldn't even have known.  Upstairs patio is great and all, but no one can see this place and there's no real signs to direct traffic up stairs to the bar.  I always say that spot upstairs is cursed.  I've seen 2-3 bars disappear from that location, but I hope the best for Stadium Sports Grill -- My return is slim, but I always like to give place a 2nd try.  In the end, service was very good and food needs improvements. - Enjoy!
1	Drinks are weak and not made correctly.  I guess that's what you get with a barely legal bartender. Don't even bother ordering chicken strips unless you like paying $10 for 4 misshapen nuggets that are half burned. Definitely won't be back.
1	They cancelled my booked event! I booked their private area to host 40+ people for my going away party. Upon booking with Nick, I notified my guests of location. Later, I get a call from stadium sports grill stating the day of my party falls on a UFC fight night so I would need to change the night of my party if I wanted to still hold my party there!!!! HORRIBLE business move. I now need to find another venue for this important celebration. I can tell you now none of the people I know will EVER go to this place.
2	This kitchen needs to get its act together. I recently stopped in here to see local band Pride Through Strife (who are awesome) play on the patio. I ordered the bacon bleu cheese burger. When it arrived, it was missing half the toppings listed on the menu -- no arugula, no roma tomatoes, and most importantly NO BACON (travesty!). I pointed out that the bacon bleu was missing its most important half, along with the rest of the advertised ingredients, and the server sent it back to the kitchen for fixing yet again. When it came back, our poor burger had a limp, undercooked slice of bacon on it. Still no lettuce or tomato. Exasperated and hungry, I ate it anyway, and I was afraid if I sent it back it might be unrecognizable when it returned. Seriously, Stadium needs to step up its game if it wants to do well in this high competition location. Customers don't like being denied their bacon.As for the rest...One star is for ambiance, good band, and the spacious bar and patio setup -- including bar games like ping pong, man jenga, beer pong, cornhole, etc. It's still not as cool as The Yard but points for activities.One star is for our server/bartender. She was friendly and very apologetic about the issues with the food.
2	Out of CHICKEN and the beer I had asked for. Offered alternatives but no reduction in cost or additional service.
2	Forgot my hummus and avocado for my Vegan Sandwhich. Very skimpy on ingredients with minimal arugula. Waitress didn't check on us until we were already done eating. It was an after party for the Adventure Run so they were busy. Great place for drinks but I don't think I'd come here to eat again. Very disappointed. Waitress took my card so I could pay and she forgot all about us...again. took 20 minutes to get my credit card back so we could leave.
1	This is by far the worst experience I have had recently. Our drinks took 30 minutes, for 2 beers. When the manager asked how everything was and we expressed concern for the wait time she said she would take care of it and we waited an additional 10 minutes while she talked on the phone outside. The waitress was not helpful, just made excuses for why our food and drinks were taking forever. When my friend got her drink, they told me they were out of the beer I asked for. Our food was taken to the wrong table. The waitress told me she would get me more water and never returned. I needed ketchup for my burger, but yet again the server never returned. Awful awful awful
4	This is my go to spot after work.  They are the only (as I know of) bar in Tempe Marketplace that has the MLB package, so I can watch my team's games when I can't make it home on time.I've only eaten there twice, usually go to drink after work and unwind.  The bartenders there are good, always recognize me, and make good small talk.  They'll leave me alone if they see I'm watching the baseball game, but are fun and entertaining if I'm just there after work.  TJ, Conner, and Starr always make me feel at home.Their habenero buffalo sauce is out of it's mind delicious! Unfortunately, they've been closed since Friday.  I don't know why, but it saddens me.
5	This place is amazing for sports, with wall to wall 60 inch tv's and a big screen for those special games. Also the food is amazing a much higher class gourmet bar food. Great place for friends and get togethers!
