4	As I've typed before (a quick tip), Brighton Collectibles provides great customer service!  I've bought four handbags from here since Christmas 2010- two at retail prices (Bree, a Christmas gift from Mom, and Valencia) for me to keep, and two at sale prices to give out as gifts to my sisters after they saw my Brighton handbags, and I've already taken advantage of the wonderful one-year warranty protection against damages and defects on both Bree and Valencia.  I've also had a pair of sunglasses fixed, since my wearing it as a headband had loosened the hinges and made the "temple" pieces expand outward, causing the glasses to slip off my face.  On a tangent, did you know that the scratched lenses of sunglasses you buy here can be replaced for only $5?  (Personally, I think lens replacements should be offered complimentary once a year for the life of the glasses.  Especially since the glasses have to be shipped out to an external location, as do everything else you buy from here that can be serviced, which you then have to wait at least 2 weeks before you get it returned to you, but $5 replacement fee isn't too steep a price to pay... for now.)  I not only value BC for the great customer service and product warranties (free as long as you send in the registration cards at purchase- the friendly BC reps will even fill out the registration cards for you and send them out from the store itself, so you don't have to do it yourself at home, or worse-- forget to fill them out at home, thus losing out on the warranty coverages when the products eventually need cleaning or repair!), but also for the lovely jewelry I've bought here, as well as received as gifts from sister and Mom.  Some of the jewelry have kept well, such as the watches, but I've had bad luck w/ a few of the stainless steel bracelets and necklaces-- some have tarnished and cannot be cleaned w/ baking soda paste and a polish cloth.   Granted, those pieces were from a few years ago, and I have had better luck w/ more recent pieces.Oh!  I must add that I really love the black Fun House large wallet I bought to match an older black and brown handbag (recently cleaned that it looks brand-new!).  The leather used in its construction actually softens w/ age, so it just looks and feels better and better... At first, I didn't like the magnetized flaps, but I actually love how this feature makes the wallet less bulky- no metal clasps or buttons to fumble w/, thus more user-friendly!  I now want to buy more of this style in different colors.  :)Extra!  Extra!If you can wait till February of each year to buy the BC jewelry you lust after, then you will be rewarded with a complimentary set of earrings (no matter what price!) for every set of necklace and bracelet purchased!  The set of earrings don't even have to match the set you buy-- a nice gift to keep for yourself, or to complete a set to give away, as you think about whom you want to buy Valentine gifts for!  ;)p.s.  My older sister is so in love w/ the paprika Bree handbag  I gave her for her birthday!  She held off using it until this fall, and just the other day, she texted another thanks and that she gets complimented on it everyday from coworkers, friends, and strangers!  I know the warm fuzzy feeling, since I get the same reactions from my handbags here.  (I've even had women cross a room to come to my side and admire the bags.  They're really that wonderful!)
5	Work with Heather!! She gave great customer service and ideas for gifts while visiting the store on Fashion night out! The manager on the other hand was very rude and I would never work with her again! My family who was with me all agreed!
2	Nice stuff but terrible service. It really  makes the entire experience go downhill. The ladies would not even acknowledge my presence in the store. I went in to buy a birthday gift and they lost a sale. Too bad...
