5	I've networked with Ian for months now and know at least 15 people that are his clients.  Everyone loves him and his rates!  I have quite a few family members with Allstate and everyone seems very happy.  Great job!
5	You'll get a greeet rate with Allstate and so much more! I've recommended Ian's company to a number of my colleagues and they've managed to save hundreds of dollars a year on automobile and motorcycle insurance!
5	Believe me.......INSURANCE IS NOT ABOUT THE CHEAPEST RATE!!Know what your buying. Ian and Shelly will walk you through the process and explain all the differences in coverages and show you the BEST rate for what you need. My daughter had cheap rate coverage and when she was in an accident she found that many items she thought were covered were not! You get what you pay for and I am very pleased to have Ian & Shelly at Allstate as my reps.
5	In the process of changing from state farm to Allstate with Ian & Shelley.  They didn't think they could touch the rates that I am paying...guess what they blew them out of the water!!!  Much Much better coverage for the same monthly costs.  It's really a no-brainer when dealing with insurance to go with the company that cares for it's client to make sure you are covered where you need to be!
5	I'm like most people. I figure all Insurance is pretty much the same just give me the basic products at the cheapest price. Well I found out the hard way that talking to a different voice on the phone everytime I called is more than frustrating. Ian and his wife are real people who will sit with you and discuss what's important and take the time to answer my questions untill I understand. It turns out those cheap rates had me under insured. Ian showed me how to save $600 per year ! by bundling all of my vehicles, home AND motorcycle.  Less expensive isn't always Cheaper !   I pass 3 Allstate shops on my way to Grandidge Allstate, because Service makes a difference.   Cheers Ian !
5	I just switched my insurance to Allstate and wow I was surprised how much money I saved.  I had Liberty Mutual for a long time but Ian over at this Allstate branch was able to really help me out and save some money with the multi-policy program for my home and autos.  Plus Ian is pretty cool since he is from England.  Cool personality and great service at this location.
