5	Very straightforward, no bull...I had a bum driver side door, John, the owner, said just give me 2 hours and it will be ready.  I came back in 2 hours, he said a flat $100 (very fair deal) and out the door.  Highly recommended...don't be deterred by the "garage-type" of setting, this is a solid guy.
4	Great service, friendly, good customer service oriented and honest in their resolutions and estimates.  They do their best in working within your budget.  Good reliable work.  No BS or gimmicks here.Update:  Still good service however they are charging $99 just to diagnosis the problem even if you have them fix it or you know what the problem is and tell them.  Prices are pretty high now and you are down $99 at the start.  John is gone (5+ stores now) and like most business's, start to forget their roots and the customers that helped them get there.  Got to go find other places.  Sorry but your $$ drove me to look.
3	I needed brakes on my truck and I found this place on line because I needed a place that was familiar with ford trucks.  I asked my father in law to pick up my truck and when he left he was flagged down by a lady who said the back tire was wobbling a lot.  It turns out they did not tighten the lug nuts after replacing the breaks and the entire wheel was about to come off.  We went back and they replaced the rim that was damaged from the wobbling but said that was all they would do.  After speaking with the owner he agreed to refund the labor for the break job if we paid for the parts which I thought was fair.  Although it's scary to think what would have happened if the wheel would have come off on the freeway I have to say the owner did show a genuine interest in making things right with me.  For that I have to say that I will recommend this place to others and will go back to him when I need my truck worked on.
5	Whenever I get exceptional service I feel the need to YELP about it.  Stamps Auto would get above 5 Stars from me.  We've had my teenage son's care in twice, my teenage daughter's car in once and now my car.  John has always given us GREAT service with exceptional prices.  A repair that was estimated to cost $930 cost us $313 with John!!!!  I'm telling you, if you need car repairs don't bother with another establishment take it to John at Stamps!!!  He has always gone above and beyond!
5	I am new to AZ and needed a mechanic I could trust FAST so when some friends from work reccommended John and his team from Stamps Auto I went for it.  Boy am I glad I did!  They were super professional, no BS, and very straightforward.  I really appreciated how they took the time to really ensure what was needed was correct as it was a bit expensive and didn't want me to pay for something I didn't need.  I will be using these guys for any all repairs I may need in the future.
5	After searching Yelp reviews for auto repair companies near my home, I decided to give Stamps a call with questions about rotor resurfacing or repair and brake pulsating issues with my Honda Odyssey.  John was very helpful on the phone and I made an appointment for the following day.I arrived early for my 2 pm appointment.  Jay, the Service Manager, was informed about my concerns and explained things a little bit more in person. They tested, inspected and diagnosed the issues and called me within an hour. The repair work was done an hour and a half later.  The price was reasonable and guaranteed.Jay was very clear about all that the service technicians did and what I can expect from the new brakes. I am pleased to say my brakes perform so much better and we have a new, trustworthy auto repair company to rely on!
5	I give them a 5 star rating because they are the most honest and friendly mechanics I have been to. John and Jay are very nice and experienced. They don't fix anything that doesn't need it. They inspect everything first and go over everything with you before they do anything. You will not find anyone more reasonable on prices and you know your car is being worked on experienced mechanics. I will never go anywhere else again.
5	This is my first Yelp review.  When I spoke to Jay he asked me how I heard about his shop and I told him Yelp. It seemed only fair to pay it forward to anyone else thinking about going here.  Now, two months after I had the work done...I can say I am still very happy with the service and quality I received from Stamps.  When visiting with Jay (the first time) about my previous attempts to fix my braking/shaking issue; he listened well and asked follow questions to better diagnose my problem and get a brief history.  Then he proceeded to explain to me what he thought the problem might be.  He was able to explain in laymans terms and never once spoke in words that were beyond my understanding, answering any questions I had along the way.  He asked me to leave the car with him to inspect it further and gave me an estimate based on his experience.  1 hour later he called back as he promised and confirmed his suspisions.  His estimate was right on and I had the work done. When I went to pick up my car,  Jay actually took me into his shop and showed me the machine he used to tune my new rotors to my car and explained how it worked.  (pretty cool)Like I said, two months later the problem is gone and I'm very pleased with this shop.  Jay is a very personalble and knowledgable.  I'm happy to find someone I can trust when it come so my vehicles.
5	I moved to AZ in July 2008 to finish up my Bachelor's degree at ASU Polytechnic. There was a tiny shack shop just northeast of Williamsfield and Power. Took my car in for an oil change before closing time. Decided to hang out with the owner for a few minutes (ended up being a couple of hours), and the rest is history. I could have easily walked in and out of there, and John could have easily said come back tomorrow. I like to get to know people, and John Herring is a stand up guy. No bull when you talk to this guy. He will take care of you as if you were family.  I was skeptical at first (too good to be true), but I wouldn't trust anyone else with my car. His shops are the best. John and his employees make sure they build rapport with each and every customer. Hard honest work pays off in the long run.
5	I never ever write reviews but I just have to add my voice to the masses.  I never go to a mechanic unless its something I can't do myself or have no time to do it myself.  I always feel cheated and taken advantage of, especially because I know cars and know what I'm talking about.  Stamps was great.  I didn't have an appointment but they got me in anyways and had my car done in a couple hours.  They only charged me the diagnostic fee because the problem wasn't too hard to fix and they diagnosed it quickly.  I felt very well taken care of and would go back there in a heart beat.  I'll send everyone I know to Stamps.
5	I stopped in at Stamps Auto after contemplating going to the VW dealer to get a light bulb replaced.  The dealer was going to charge an arm and a leg to replace the bulb, but John said he would look at it and only charge me for the bulb.  To my surprise, after about a 5 minute wait, John came back and said it is all done.  I asked how much and he said nothing.  I will be coming back to Stamps for all my repairs from now on, and I highly recommend Stamps for their great service.  John is a real class act!
5	I have used many shops to repair and keep the maintenance up to date on my truck, but I will only utilize this shop moving forward.  These folks have demonstrated honesty, integrity, and a great deal of knowledge.  Their costs are fair and reasonable and go the extra mile to ensure satisfaction.
1	Perhaps my negative experience was an isolated incident, but I would never consider going back to this shop. I apologize that this is such a lengthy review, but if it helps only one person to make an informed decision, then it's worth it. I hopped in my 2000 Chevy at 6:30 that morning to head to work. I hadn't made it a mile in to the drive when the car started shuddering and the service engine soon light began to flash. I knew this meant components of my engine could be damaged if I continued to drive, so I immediately pulled over and shut the engine off. I walked home and began to scour the internet for the top rated repair shop in my area. Not only on Yelp, but also highly rated on Google, I decided to call this Stamps Auto. I did not care that I would probably have to pay more than I do at my regular, amazing mechanic (he's on the other side of Phoenix and my insurance company wouldn't cover the cost to take it to him). All that mattered to me was that previous consumers had not felt deceived or "taken to the cleaners", like many other auto shops are known for. I was looking for someone local that I could trust, and so I gave them a call. I asked the girl who answered the phone if my car would at least be diagnosed that same day, and she assured me that it would. Perfect! I called the tow truck company.At around 9am the tow truck company arrived and dropped my car off at Stamps Auto shortly thereafter. Finally around 4pm that day I received a call stating that my car had just been pulled in to the shop and that they would call me in the morning with more information. Okay...so much for at least getting it diagnosed today, but oh well, I guess they got busy. The next morning around 10am I get a call to let me know that the mechanic was unable to actually diagnose the specific problem. Why? Because the day prior, they had left my car sitting in their parking lot from shortly after 9am until 4pm (when the finally pulled it in to the garage) with the KEYS IN THE IGNITION AND THE KEY STILL TURNED OVER. As a result, the battery was dead when they finally brought it in to the garage, and so they could not retrieve the code that was thrown when the service engine light started flashing. On top of that (and much to my benefit), he could not get the car to act up again. He said he was going to do some more checking around to see if he could still find the problem and would call me back.That afternoon he called to inform me that he could not locate the specific problem, as he still couldn't get the car to act up, but that he had come up with a very long, OVER FOUR THOUSAND DOLLAR ESTIMATE of work that "needed" to be done. The kicker? The laundry list of work was only "maintenance" type work and only had a 50% chance of actually fixing what I had brought my car in for. That. Is. Insane. I am a college student that drives a 13 year old Chevy. I could buy 4 more of my car for that price. (And for anyone curious, only $1000 of that was in parts. Over $3000 of the cost was labor charges.) I understand that an older car is not going to come out of a mechanic's shop without something that should be addressed. And I do not mind paying a mechanic what he is worth, as I have many times in the past. But, to want to charge 4 times the amount of the car's worth for a laundry list of maintenance work, and with only a 50% chance of fixing the problem that I specifically called you to fix, that you couldn't properly diagnose because you left my keys in the ignition for 6 hours and let the battery die? No thanks. All trust has been lost and I will take my car elsewhere. Which is exactly what I did. I also had my regular mechanic look at it. Both agreed that my car had one small oil leak, but that none of the other work that had been recommended was necessary. I will say that the gentleman I interacted with was very nice and spoke professionally throughout my experience. However, based on my experience, I would never recommend this shop to anyone.
2	The positive reviews found on Yelp and Google must be by employees and friends. Stamps NAPA car center charged me $98 to diagnose my car after I was told there would be no fee to see what's wrong. I then called around to 3 different shops and every single shop cost less than half what Stamps was asking for the same repair. The next highest was the Nissan Dealership and it was $450 compared to Stamps $900. When I confronted Rusty at the shop he only lowered the price to $599. I had to pay $98 to get my car back with no work done to it at all. The only compensation I was offered was an apology because he looked up the wrong "labor" cost on the initial estimate. Steer clear from this place. How can they  justify charging twice as much and then bait and hook you for a hundred dollar diagnostic fee when you want your car back? They are privately owned so NAPA, so getting help from the corporate office is difficult at best.............................................................................................Update - I was contacted by the owner of Stamps. He was extremely professional and was determined to fix the situation. He gave me a full refund of the diagnostic fee and apologized for my experience.
5	My car died.  Wouldn't start.  I have a push button start car and honestly could have been anything as far as I knew.  I took my car here based on a previous positive experience and the yelp reviews.  I called the morning after I dropped my car here and was told they would check a few things and told me they may have to do a diagnostic that would cost $95 but he would call me back to let me know.  Shortly after this Rusty called back to let me know the battery was dead.  He told me his price and I knew I could get a battery cheaper at Costco.  He told me no problem, they didn't charge me a dime.  I will definitely be back with my car any time I need anything.  Integrity is huge in this industry and I do believe you will find it here.
5	In the market for a new mechanic?!?  I certainly was. At long last, I've finally found one. STAMPS AUTO is everything you could ask for! Like many of us, I'm leery when it comes to taking my car in for repairs. I've been "sold" unnecessary work in the past. I've had repair shops charge me for work they've never done. In my many, many run-ins with disreputable mechanics, I'd all but given up on finding a repair shop who'd get the job done RIGHT, and who wouldn't stick-it-to-me when I finally got the bill. I've never been more impressed with an auto-repair experience to date, and I'd recommend Stamps Auto to anyone. To EVERYONE.I called their shop in the evening - after hours--and was provided an "emergency line" to call. I attributed this to the equivalent of a medical 911 call and was expecting a sub-standard response from whoever did answer the phone. The gentleman who answered the phone was the owner himself, John - and he was more than accommodating in his attempts to schedule my car repairs around a very hectic week for me.He told me to bring my vehicle in first thing. I was surprised to find out, that in spite of their advertised operating hours, they were in the office well ahead of time and able to get my car fixed right away. The shop wasn't even open yet, and not only was I promised my car repairs done by the end of the day (and at an AMAZING price, mind you), but I was promptly shuttled to my job by a super-sweet lady! Within an hour, I received a call from Dave with my estimate, and not only was the cost reasonable, but it was dang-near HALF of what I feared it would be. Heck, I even threw in an oil change and had them change my wiper blades. I felt like I made out like a bandit. Within just a few more hours, I received a call that my repairs were already done. I hadn't even had lunch yet, and the car was ready to go!Even more amazing -- while the shop closes about a half an hour earlier than I was able to get there to pick up my car, Dave promised to keep the shop open until I was able to get there.Seriously? This s 2013! Who does business like this anymore?!  Stamps Auto does. That's who. And in my opinion, if you're not already taking your car to John and his amazing staff, you need a new mechanic too.
3	I previously posted an unsavory review and wanted to update.  They took care if the issue with good service.
2	Avoid Stamp Auto if you can.  Overpriced for repairs, compared to other mechanics in the area.  Gave me a ridiculous price to replace a COIL.  Went to another mechanic to make sure Stamp Auto's diagnosis was correct.  It was indeed correct, but for the price they wanted to charge...I went to the other mechanic, received new brakes and rotors, bearings and the COIL and STILL came out 100 dollars cheaper.  SMH.  Avoid this overpriced auto shop if you can.   I will commend them on their professional communications and willingness to look at the vehicle.
5	Was very satisfied with the service and customer service I recieved, they got me in right away, found out what was wrong and fixed it. They were very friendly and personable and I will definitely be taking my car back and would recommend them to family and friends.
1	If I could save just 1person money by posting this then I'm happy! I own a 07 Mini Cooper which in my mind was having either fuel pump or injection issues....had it towed to Stamps and waited for a call....when they hadn't called in hours I called them only to be told that their "mini mechanic" was off today(BTW I had called prior to this and they never told me he wasn't in) or else I'd have gone elsewhere.... anyway I spoke to a gentleman and told him what I thought was wrong and if he could look at it to give me any kind of idea what was going on ....he agreed and after another few hours I called back again only to have this guy tell me there was NO OIL IN MY ENGINE! I'm sorry I may be a female but I have worked on many engine's in my life both auto and airplane and one thing I do know is an engine with no oil doesn't keep running for over a month in this heat and me driving it like a race car.... so after I expressed the fact that I couldn't believe that I still left it with them until his Mini guy took a look at it. The next day I finally get a call and they say they"added oil" and checked it and found metal shavings in it which I knew meant I would be needing a new engine!! FML I thought ....he proceeded to yell me he found a replacement engine in Tucson for only $5500 and to have it installed would wind up costing me $7900! My gut was telling me this wasn't right so I called around and found an engine for only $3000 but stamps said they wouldn't do that or warranty their work if they did do it.... and if they did install the engine they would charge me $3100 in labor! I said no way and took my Mini to Eurotech in Tempe and thank God I did.... because after all that Stamps had said and put me thru it turned out all my Mini needed was a new timing chain tensioner and a oil change! They looked at the oil stamps had said they put in and said no, it was too old and dirty to have been changed and they saw no metal shavings in the oil at all!! So a day and only $190 later at Eurotech my Mini is back to herself and running beautifully!! Either Stamps Auto needs a new Mini mechanic or they are just cheats! I was thinking about telling 3 on your side aboutyhis scam....I may still.... I wouldn't recommend Stamps Auto to ANYONE!! Unless you like being taken for everything your worth! If I could give them no star I would.... I just feel like they saw a female and said Hey we can get a lot out of her! Beware ..... that's all I can say.
5	Was referred to Danny at Stamps Auto by a co-worker who's been a repeat customer. Took my Mercedes GLK 350 in for brakes/rotors/sensors, and transmission fluid change. Professional, friendly, quick turn around, great service. Highly recommended and much better than the overpriced service at the MB dealer.
5	Yet another amazing experience with Stamps Auto. And moreover, I've recommended family and friends, and while they're not Yelpers and probably won't post a review any time soon,  they've been equally amazed by the service they've received and the value in the repairs Stamps Auto offers. Thank you, John, Richard, and the whole crew!
5	First one headlight went out then another.  Based off of a friend's recommendations I took the car to Stamp's.  They were quick, communicative, and professional.  The work was done on 9/12 and everything is still working great more than 3 months later.  I've meant to leave this review for a while because it's so hard to find a mechanic you can trust.  I will definitely be back again( though not soon I hope).
