4	I love Yogi's Grill. I go there at least once a week. The place is spotless clean, and the food is much higher quality than Yoshi's, Tokyo Express, Kyoto, etc. They have a great selection of Ramune, a Japanese soda that I am addicted to. You also order at the counter and they bring it to you. The menu is varied from the usual, offering fresh sushi, yakatori, tempura and other items in addition to the usual bowls of teryaki. Their signature is the Arizona bowl which has crab and avacado... I'm yet to try this one. It's a quick lunch in Biltmore and has great food in a nice clean ambiance, they so far are doing MUCH better than the restaurant which was here before it. My only issue is they do not offer a spicy teriyaki sauce, you have to make your own using siracha, which is some spicy shit! By far my favorite rice bowl restaurant though.
5	I am so happy I found this place. This food is fantastic I love getting the Shrimp Tempera. They have great sodas as well.
5	I'm hooked!  After a new job brought me to the area, I've been going 2/week or more.  Good if not great teriyaki chicken/beef, all-white chicken and brown rice available, better then average pot-stickers (gyoza), and a very good "fast food" sushi menu.  Spicy teriyaki is available, and I actually found it to be too hot (I _never_ say that!).  I had to cut it with plain teriyaki sauce!  Also, the restaurant is spotless, the staff (after 8+ visits :-) friendly and efficient.5 stars, as compared to other Japanese 'fast food' places, like Kyoto Bowl for example.
1	yogis is to sushi/japanese as panda express is to chinese.i have been in here twice. the first time the service was alright, and the food was lackluster. the rolls were small and looked nothing like the ones plastered all over the wall. they were served in a styrofoam box. the second time i went in the food was even worse. the girls in the back were chatting while i waited up front for about 2 minutes to order. she was extremely unpleasant. it took them about 5 minutes to make my simple teryaki bowl which was filled with little, thin, fatty strips of dark meat and topped with [yuck] green onions. the sauce was alright. not even siracha could help this bowl.disgusting.
3	I liked Teharu better, but this place does have greater variety and is much closer to home. It'll do when we get the craving for sushi lite and don't have time to drive.
3	Headed out for lunch today hoping to go to Shogun Express, but not knowing if it was still around.  Pulled in, and while I saw that it was gone, it had been replaced with Yogi's Grill...since I was going to a teriyaki chicken bowl, it didn't matter to me who's name was on the door...Not too crowded when I walked in, and a nice bonus to see that they had the World Cup on (though weird that they were running the closed captioning...in espanol).  The queueing system was awkward, it was unclear it the line from the register went left or right.  The line(s) moved quickly, and soon enough I was at my table waiting for my food.  The gal at the register never gave me a number, but I got it from the receipt and eagerly awaited my number to be called.  And waited...and waited a little more.  I'm sure in reality it was 5-7 minutes, but generally it seems that chicken bowl places are much quicker than this.  Anywho, eventually, another gal comes out and asks my number, then hands me my food.  Kind of weird, think it'd rather you just call my name or number.  The bowl was fine, nothing out of the ordinary...the sauce did not strike me as good as what shogun used to have back in the day, but it was still a tasty meal.  If I'm ever feeling like a chicken bowl, I wouldn't hesitate to go back to Yogi's.
3	The teriyaki and arizona bowls are good!
4	so I found this place while on a Starbucks run. Being from the Seattle area, I'm a teriyaki whore.afficionado. Every time I see a new teriyaki spot, I sooooo hope it's close to what I can get at home. We decided to get takeout for dinner from Yogi. I got the chicken and beef teriyaki dinner that came with beef and chicken teriyaki, rice, salad, 2 piece cali roll, 1 piece shrimp tempura and 4 piece veggie tempura. All that for about $9.50, easily enough for two people. It was pretty good. Not like back at home, but pretty good. the wife got a sushi roll, but it kept falling apart. Overall we enjoyed the food and would go back. IMHO, yoshi's has better teriyaki but this place is a good choice for the area
4	Not very authentic, but good in its own way.I like this place because I don't have to tip.Walk in, order, get food, eat, walk out, at my own pace w/o servers hovering over me.I have tried:The potato croquette. Pretty good.Tempura Udon. Pretty tasty but a lil too salty afterwards.Usually the battered fried veggies and shrimp + noodles + the fried flakes fill me up.Might not be big enough in portion for some ppl though.Fried California roll : Battered and fried.tastes good with teriyaki sauce (which is basically sweeetned and thickened soy sauce)Crunch Roll. Battered fried shrimp, rice, avocado wrapped in nori (seaweed), coated in fried flakesPretty good but I'm not a big fan of shrimp to start with.If you like fried shrimp, go for it.If you're looking for something authentic and expensive, go to Shimogamo.This place isn't priced too horribly for what I get, but then again I'm very petite and I don't eat that much so I usually get one Golden /fried CA roll with a croquette and maybe a Ramune (Soda with a marble stuck in a bottle) and all is digested in a few hours and hunger returns.If you're an average sized person, might have to order more than one dish to not walk out hungry lol
3	There's nothing fancy about, rather plain actually.Clean. Inexpensive. Quick. Good. Fairly healthy depending on your choices.I always just get a simple chicken Teriyaki bowl.Great value.
4	Until this place opened I had no idea that the "korokke" my grandmother loved to snack on when I was a kid was actually a "croquette" (only pronounced with a heavy Korean accent), lol! The reason people think it's not "authentic" is probably because the owners are Korean and this is their take on Japanese fast food - much like when you visit a Chinese restaurant in Koreatown and order sweet and sour pork only to get "tang soo yuk", the Korean version of the Chinese staple (which I think tastes INFINITELY better). The food is decently priced and pretty tasty but my indecision and desire to sample most and/or all of my childhood favorites usually results in racking up of a mildly hefty bill for a teriyaki bowl joint. I love the place, the sushi is rolled on order (not sitting pre-made in some fridge like at the grocers), and the owners are very friendly and always remember my disdain for onions in any form. The only reason I avoided 5 stars was because the raw fish is not the freshest and the potato tempura needs to be sliced thinner or cooked longer, but everything else is great and always takes me fondly down memory lane!
5	I love this place. Spicy chicken bowl for lunch YUM!  When I want to cheat on my diet I eat here excellent food at a good price. Carry out call ahead during lunch very popular so you may have to wait a few minutes.
3	Yogi's is a great place to grab a quick, fairly-cheap meal. I love the Arizona bowl - it's a great alternative for you sushi craving if you don't feel like spending a lot of money.The quality of the food isn't bad. The sushi rolls are alright. The staff is moderate - they've never done anything to impress me, but haven't done anything to disappoint either.
4	Great food, great price, fast service, clean place... I'll be back for sure.
5	So so so so good ..i have been here 2 times and had the chicken teriyaki bowl..so good..and the staff is great..i have found my new work time lunch place...
1	I didn't try the hot food but got a Rainbow Roll. The crab meat was horrific. It tasted like a chopped seafood salad you get at a supermarket -- or worse. It was $9.99 which is huge for a quicky place. Yuk, yuk, yuk. It's a hour later and I think it is finally time to go use some mouthwash. The place was pretty crowded so I imagine there is something good on the menu -- just not California rolls!
3	I don't have a whole lot to say about this place. I usually tend to write pretty lengthy reviews but on this place I think I would just like to list my pros and cons of the half dozen or so times I've been here. Pros:Teriyaki bowls are pretty cheapNice size servingsThe seating area is usually very clean They are fairly quick at getting your food out to youThe beef is really well cooked. It's tender and not at all rubbery (like some other rice bowl places I've been to)Cons:Everything is served in styrofoam. Not too appetizing if you're getting sushi.The sushi is WAY too expensive for the quality. It's not BAD sushi, it's just not worth $10 a roll.The staff in the evening are usually 18 (I'm of course guessing) year olds that don't like to be bothered if they're on their cell phones. Sometimes the girls there are dressed a little inappropriately for being at work. That's of course just my opinion.That's pretty much it. Nothing fancy. Edible and decent for the price as long as you're not getting sushi.
4	this place is BOMB!wow did not think a fast food sushi joint would be so good! there sushi was beyond my expectations. i eat here at least once a week. they have a great lunch special. almost every time i come here i see a cop which says something right? maybe not loltry the crunch roll or the las vegas roll. orgasm in your mouth
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars! The gal who took my order was snarky and unfriendly, the chicken was fatty and poorly cooked, and it's pretty expensive ($7.00 for a small chicken bowl & small drink). Plus they charged an extra $1.00 for brown rice and another $1.00 for white meat only, and they skimped out on the meat and the teriyaki sauce. To top it off, their idea of spicy teriyaki is to add a tiny splash of siracha hot sauce to the bowl.  So a truly "healthy meal" will set you back $9.00 and it will be mostly rice. If that's your idea of value, this is your place!
5	I am really surprised this is rated so low. I read through complaints about the lack of customer service and serving food in styrofoam. Hello people - this is a fast food joint! The Arizona bowl (with brown rice for me) is deeeelish and I have never had a bad roll. If you are looking for fast inexpensive sushi, this is your place!
4	I love Yogi's Grill, I am a huge fan of Japanese food and I'm so glad that there is not only one close to my work but another just opened up because sometimes you just don't feel like having to go to a sit down restaurant to enjoy it. My meal of choice is usually the chicken teriyaki bowls. The chicken is tender and juicy and it has just the right amount of teriyaki sauce on it. I have tried the beef before and was just not as big of a fan of it. If it's your first time definitely try the chicken first! Everything is made to order I believe so it will take longer then say a Panda Express to get your food but it's worth it and the wait isn't THAT long. They also have a great lunch special that is under $10 for a meal and a medium drink.What I love about this place though is that they have a small fridge next to the registers filled with various drinks including some Japanese imports. I never get a fountain drink here, I always pick up a can of delicious green tea to enjoy and I'm not talking the AriZona kind (though I do enjoy those as well). Besides the chicken teriyaki I also love treating myself to an unagi teriyaki plate from time to time. It only comes in a large so it's a bit pricier but you get enough food for the price that I never feel ripped off. I've also sampled the miso soup and the tempura here and both were good. I've ordered sushi rolls about twice but don't expect restaurant quality sushi from here. Not saying that it's bad but it's nothing to really write home about either.The food is pictured on plates and in bowls but it does come in styrofoam containers or plastic bowls. It works for me since I usually take my food back to work to enjoy but there is ample seating if you want to stay and eat as well.
5	I am really surprised Yogis rated so low. The food is always fresh and the rolls are a great value. The girls that work the register could benefit from service training, but it's fast food. What do you expect? If you want good service, go to RA or Stingray. If I'm in a rush during the workday and don't want to go through a greasy drive thru, I can be found here!
4	Willing to work with special orders and food restrictions.  Food is prepared when you order.  If you order take out be sure to check your order before you leave.
3	I ordered the chicken and beef teriyaki bowl with white meat and spicy teriyaki sauce. The first thing I noticed was that the sauce seemed more like hot sauce than teriyaki - if there was any teriyaki in there, it was covered up pretty well by the spicy sauce. Not a bad thing - this sauce was good, just not what I was expecting.The chicken and beef were both pretty decent - and the rice was fine. The little green onions on top actually made a difference - gave the bowl a little extra flavor.I prefer Samurai Sam's for fast teriyaki, but I'd probably rank my meal at Yogis ahead of Tokyo Express and Yoshi's.
3	I've been curious about this place and meaning to try it. Overall, I was satisfied with Yogis Grill. The ingredients were fresh and it's a fast and relatively inexpensive place to enjoy a quick bite. I have to disagree with one reviewer. I ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl and the teriyaki sauce was actually quite mild and they don't give you much of it. Good thing they have a dispenser where you can pump out some additional sauce, if you desire (and I obviously did). A couple of other things: the chicken comes out a little greasy, not excessively so, but more so than I would prefer, and why can't my chicken teriyaki bowl have some vegetables as well as rice and chicken? Those green onions are good, but they don't make for a decent serving of veggies. Maybe I am just equating this too much with being a teriyaki version of Panda Express, which could be an error on my part. At any rate, I enjoyed this place and would go here again, but future craving will not be intense or frequent.
4	When I first came in here, this resto had a non-A health grade. Apparently they've made all the necessary corrections because as of now it's an A. That's a good thing when you're talking about sushi!Yogi's has various bowls, plates, noodles, salads, and of course, sushi rolls. I've only had the sushi. The rolls are made to order. I've enjoyed the Vegas, California, Crunch, Philly, and spicy tuna rolls. I've enjoyed them all, though the Vegas and Crunch rolls are my favorites. On a handful of the rolls, you can get them either full or half. I'll tell you upfront that if you get two full rolls you better be hungry! They have plentiful seating inside; no outside seating. It's on the end of the strip of stores on the SEC of 16th & Camelback.
1	Walk in to the counter girl didn't even acknowledge that I was there. She was to busy playing around with here cell phone texting. She was leaning against the counter facing my direction. I had to say HELLO to get her to put down her phone.Food isn't memorable and I'm sitting here right at the table in the restaurant writing this.
2	OK food but awkward layout and poorly trained staff.  Half the time I order by number and the girl taking my order has no clue what I'm trying to order.  Often they put my name down in an unrecognizable spelling that when they call my order, I have no idea it's me.  The takeout orders are handed out in the middle of the ordering line so you have people bumping up against you while you sit and wait.  The steak and chicken almost always have several big chunks of gristle you have to spit out.After a year of alternating between Yoshi's and Yogi's, it's time for me to go back to Yoshi's exclusively.
2	The food was barely average, and the customer service was HORRIBLE!  Seriously, the jerks behind the counter acted like I was putting them out to take and prepare my simple order, and then glared and grunted at me when they took my money.  The teriyaki bowl left me spitting out pieces of gristle, so I could definitely do without the side order of rude.I had already given them another chance, and my previous experience was exactly the same...I'm not sure why I thought it would be different this time.  I'm writing this negative review because they need to be reminded that we have a choice, and I for one choose not to return to Yogi's Grill.
3	The food is of decent quality and relatively inexpensive. It is a typical  Asian-fast-food  joint, so don't expect anything fancy. Location is convenient (Camelback Colonnade area), and parking is ample.
4	My favorite teriyaki place. I had an issue with the one of the staff one time but I expressed my concern to one of the supervisors and it never happened again. This place is cheap, convenient  and yummy - love it!
4	I've only had the Arizona bowl and crunch till, but they are both excellent. Service can be a little slow at lunch during the week, but other than they it's a great place.
5	Love this place and that they have teriaki sauce on tap! Just wish they had the same sushi specials as Bento Box
5	I love this spot. Best fast sushi around. I get the Vegas and the avocado roll. The staff is friendly. Convenient location for me. Try any of their sushi! All of it's great.
3	I like the food here and it's great that they have wifi. But... The employees always make the dining room their break room while I'm there. Laughing and talking very loudly. Also, the girls up front are usually on their phones and don't even put them away while taking the order. Also, when it's slow and you have a to go order that's sitting at a table near the counter, why would you scream their name out and make them walk to the counter? Why not just walk it out? To summarize: Customer service could be way better but the food is good.
1	All of the staff were sitting in the dining area and hanging out. After a few minutes one finally came over to ring us up. Ten minutes passed until an employee noticed that our order had been sitting on the counter ready to be delivered to the table, but since the employees were just hanging out in the waiting area, they didn't notice it was ready. The sushi was WARM, and smelled extremely fishy (if you've ever had sushi, you'd know it's not supposed to smell...)When we told the female employee at the register that we would like our rolls to be re-made, she continued to argue with us saying that the food "is fine." I don't know who manages this place, but the owner should definitely find a new store manager. The fact that ALL of the employees, including the cook we're hanging out in the seating area, and not paying attention to PAYING customers, speaks loudly of their poor employee training and development.
4	The food is actually pretty good. I've only had the chicken teriyaki bowl and it's delicious. The place doesn't look very clean though and the girl that took my order could probably work on her customer service skills but I'd go back for the food for sure.
3	Food was good, lunch special for a little over $7, I got the beef, had great sauce & meat was cooked well. Customer service was overall poor.  When I walked up to counter one employee was standing in the small walkway & another almost ran into me bringing him his food, then both stood in walkway talking while I tried to pass.  Girls at register having their own conversation while I was trying to order.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have been going here a few years and have never had a problem. Yogi's is AWESOME for fast, affordable, take out sushi. I also love the beef & teriyaki bowl. The staff is always friendly and fast. I definitely recommend Yogi's grill.
2	I'm a regular here and always get the Beef Udon. This time i tried to have shrimp addon to the regular. They told me 1 tempura shrimp is $1 extra. Then girl asked me if i want the tempura or the regular shrimp. I ordered the regular boiled shrimp thinking i would get more, turned out i got only ONE boiled shrimp in my entire bowl. I tried to talk to the staffs and get the same answer: that's the pricing and only the owner can change it. And they really had attitude when explaining this to me. I dont know but it is pretty clear 1 tempura shrimp is more than 1 regular boiled shrimp. Either the staffs need to learn their pricing right or the owner needs to rethink the pricing. Wont return in the near future.
4	This is my go to lunch place if I'm in the area. Quick and mostly healthy. I get the steak and chicken veggie bowl with brown rice. I really appreciate that they are not skimpy with the veggies and they are fresh!
2	This place is conveniently located so I come here often. I don't get out of the gym until 830-845 PM so I make it there by 845-850 PM and EVERYTIME I get an attitude and they never have sushi.  I would go every night bc it's the closest place that serves a semi healthy option but I feel bad and I SHOULDN'T.  Hours of operation are until 9.  I understand it's almost closing but it's just bad for business.
4	Fast and friendly. The low carb chicken broccoli bowl is a healthy option I like to get all the time.
