3	3.5 stars The are a new NY style pizza joint. Great family run place that makes a good pie. I tried a slice before traffic school yesterday and it was good. I am just not a huge fan of thin crust, light sauce and light cheese. BUT This was a good slice, the crust had a nice crunch and flavor with some garlic butter at the end. The toppings were fresh and sauce had a good flavor. You can tell when someone cooks with good ingredients. The building and surrounding areas are a little on the sketchy side but some of my favorite places are like that. i would like to go back and order a whole pie, try it hot and fresh. The son was real nice, asked if I enjoyed the pizza and was genuinely interested in my answer. I clued him in about Yelp and expect to see Yelp love by you all.
5	WOW Amazing.  There were menus for this place left at my apartment complex so I decided to give them a try. The guy on the phone was friendly, the delivery girl was sweet, and the food was sooo good.  The garlic knots were dripping with garlic butter, the wings were big and meaty, and the pizza was delicious.  I love when the pizza is so thin that the slice flops over when you pick it up and this pizza definitely did!  Also, I usually skip the crust because its usually flavorless but the crust on this pizza was bomb! Seemed to be brushed with a salty garlic butter or something.  I would definitely reccommend this joint. Ive found my new favorite!
4	My husband and I have gone here quite a few times. I really enjoy their pizza. I'm a super duper fan of thin crust and their is crunchy and thin and garlic-y . I've had their pasta and it was really good as well. I think their garlic bread is amazing! It's an awesome little place, and family owned which makes it even better!
5	I discovered this gem a few months back, and at the time they were so new that they didn't have a page here yet. Being raised in NJ, land of good mom and pop pizza parlors on every other street corner (by an Italian mother no less), I had previously felt distraught at not having a go-to pizza place out here in the desert.  I mean Friday night and Pizza just go together.  Unfortunately in Phoenix it seemed no matter how people tried, they just couldn't get it right (I swear it's the water).  So when I saw the "now open" sign out by the road on the route I take to work every day, I had to stop in. It was a moral imperative.Upon walking in the door, the smell of garlic and fresh tomato sauce washed over me. It felt like being back in my dear departed Italian Grandmother's kitchen.  Once I got over the initial olfactory bliss, I was warmly welcomed by the owner and his family and crew and was treated like an honored guest and a new friend.  Seriously, I never wanted to leave.I ordered up a few slices with some sausage and grabbed a can of soda out of the case. 2 slices and a soda for $4.50 - a good deal to be sure.  And then I saw garlic knots on the menu. I had to have some.  Turns out Johnny had put some in for me anyway, just so I could try them. Sweet!! Nothing prepared me for the nearly orgasmic taste of the garlic knots dipped in some of the best marinara (which is correctly pronounced mah-rhi-naaah-tha - I was raised Sicilian - what can I say?) I have ever had besides my Grandmother's (sorry mom, you lose). Like an earth shattering orgasm, you just can't fake quality ingredients - it's either there or it's not - and at The Ol Pizzeria, the quality is there.  Oh yes yes YES!!!! I found my new addiction. At $2.95 for 5 of the precious lumps of doughy garlicky yumminess, it's a steal. I have tried the meat lover's pizza. Oh so worth the price.  But my personal favorite entree is the calzone - with sausage and bacon (or meatballs and bacon). They also do some wings at a great price. I don't eat wings, but it's worth noting for those that do pizza and wings that there are pizza and wing specials.  I haven't yet tried the pasta dishes or hot or cold subs (hoagies, grinders, heroes - whatever you call them) but I'm looking forward to it :)Delivery area is limited, with a $10 minimum order and a $2 delivery charge, but as far as I'm concerned at 11pm on a Friday night not having to drive and pick it up myself is priceless. I have brought many people here and all have agreed that I did NOT exaggerate when I was gushing about this place.  Each one has come back on his or her own (without me - the nerve!). The food is really that good.  Even if it weren't on my way to and from work, and even if the service were mediocre, I'd pilgrimage here just for the food. Happily, the service is consistently great - the owner is in the store every day with a great smile and a genuine care for the customers - with a personable and fun crew to back him up - and prices that are beyond reasonable. It's a small cafe, but vibrant colors, red and white checkered vinyl tablecloths and funky old school metal plate art decor on the walls remind me of Grandma's chatchkas. How could I rate this place any less than 5 stars?
5	Couple of things here..  I tend to be harder on pizza joints than other food styles, because they're my favorite style hands down.  But with pizza, its difficult to stand out.  If you make a solid pie and I ate it and it was just a catalyst for the beer in my hand then 3 stars tops.  It takes something different; something inspired to get more than that.  Ol Pizzeria isn't much to look at, in fact, I drove past it looking for it.  Once there the owner, Johnny gave me the challenge, positive or negative, I want you to yelp me.  Strong words!  I ordered an xl sausage and pepperoni with wings deal for 16 dollars to go.  On my first bite I was confused..  a new York style in phoenix that isn't all greasy goo?  The crust is pure texture brilliance.  Strong crisp, but still doughy and seasoned perfectly with a garlic herb mix.  Sausage was strong enough to stand out against the garlic and pepperoni, which is why I order it usually when testing a new shop's pizza chops.  The cheese was noticeably fresh and tasty, but the reason for the season?  The crust...  the crust I blame for consuming 4 pieces and leaving me immobile on the couch.  In fact, the last slice I wolfed down solely for the thin crust golden deliciousness!  Well done, dude.  Now please buy me a bigger belt.
5	Stopped in for lunch and got the lunch special. Great Price, came with 6 wings, 2 slices of pizza and a drink for $8.50.Wings were big and meaty and had were cooked perfect with a little crunch on the outside but not overcooked. Sauce was great a perfect spice to it. Pizza was HUGE good flavor and the crust was amazing with the butter and garlic they put on. Definitely a must try if in the area!!
3	First off the food here is great!But the service here could be better.  I ordered over the phone from work and was told 20-25min for pick up.  When I arrived in 30min. the place had 3 customers who were waiting for their orders.  The girl at the counter gave me a total of my order, took my money, then told me it will be another 15min. It was actually another 25min.  Needless to say when I finally got back to work I had to answer to the man, so be careful if you're on a time frame,As far as the pizzas I ordered, they were fantastic as always!!
4	This is a hole in the wall place in Sunnyslope but it was good.  The garlic knots were tasty.  The staff is friendly.  This is definitely a place to try.  They do deliver and have a big delivery area.  Prices are pretty good too.
5	Loved this place! Tonight was our first time trying this place and we were very impressed. We ordered our food for takeout and waited there while they made it all. The staff was very friendly, which I believe is half the battle. We only had to wait about 15 minutes, which flew by pretty quickly.We brought home two slices of pizza, lasagna, spaghetti w/ marinara, wings, two salads, a tiramisu and two sodas...all for only $30, which was pretty reasonable for all the food we ordered.The pizza was great, New York style. I loved the crust! My spaghetti w marinara was delicious. It had great seasoning, fresh garlic, chunky tomatoes. Personally, I like my pasta very saucy, so I might order a little extra sauce next time. The salads were simple but good house salads. The blue cheese dressing is great! I didn't have a chance to try the wings but my boyfriend said they were very good. Now, for the lasagna...that was the star of the show. It was the perfect portions of meat, cheeses, sauce, and the spinach on the bottom layer was the perfect touch. Do yourself a favor and order the lasagna. Oh, and the tiramisu was fantastic as well. I love a good slice of tiramisu and this place has it. They're perfect personal portions, next time I'll order a couple extra ;))).The food here is obviously made from scratch and the owner deserves all the pride he takes in his food. The great specials and friendly staff will have us coming back. One thing I would like is to maybe be able to have a glass of wine or a beer while we wait for our food ;) But really, everything was great and we will definitely be back! Thanks!!
3	I work near this place and checked it out a few weeks ago.  The pizza was very yummy.  Just the right amount of crispiness, cheese, and sauce.  I asked for it well done and it came out just the way I like it.  It's in a random location and has just a few cheapy tables inside, but it's great for a quick lunch, or for delivery/pickup.  Not sure if they have beer or wine.  The guy who I think was the owner was very friendly and asked me to spread the word around so I definitely recommend.  I also tried a garden salad,  nothing to write home about, but it was decent and a very large portion.  I would definitely go back.
3	This place is still decent for lunch and I like their crispy pizza but they need to invest in an ice machine and some better a/c.  I ordered a soda and they have cans, but when I asked for a cup of ice, the girl told me they didnt' have either.  And it was really muggy in there so my soda stayed cold in the can for about 2 minutes.  No water, ice, or cups, what's up with that?
4	We got the white pizza, pepperoni and pepperoni & sausage pizzas for a work lunch today....sooo good!  My favorite was the white pizza. The crust was perfectly thin and buttery (just the way I like them :D) and a bit crunchy underneath from baking on cornmeal in their seasoned oven.  Really delicious!
5	Eating the pizza right now, amazing doesn't even cover it! New favorite place.
5	Went here with some friends. We were craving pizza and saw good ratings for this place. When we got there, it is this little whole in the wall type place. Which as Yelpers now, that's where you can find really good food. Owner was extremely nice and accommodating. Made us feel very welcome. Pizza was delicious. We had chicken wings which were very good. The mild was actually plenty spicy for me. Troy HAVE to try the garlic knots, they are very very good. Sure the pizza chain pizza is good, but I'd rather support a local small business working hard like this place, and get great food!Will be going here again.
5	Hubby and I decided we wanted pizza today, so I called our usual place, Raffaele's Pizza. They were closed, but we still wanted pizza. We went out on a limb and ordered from Ol Pizzeria, which had left a menu on our door, and we are delighted with the result. We ordered 2 xl pizzas & garlic bread. When we arrived to pick it up, Johnny, the owner, urged us to try a slice, and told us he would appreciate a review here on yelp, whether good or bad. He was also in the middle of making his OWN pizza dough! Even though the pizza had been sitting for 10-20 minutes because we got lost, it was still pretty crisp, and absolutely delicious. Flavorful, rich sauce, not overly sweet like most places are, crisp chewy brick oven crust, just the right amount of stretchy, fresh mozzarella, and tasty sausage made this unlike any other pizza I've ever had. Quite honestly, it blows Raffaele's pizza (and every chain pizza ever) straight out of the water.I am so glad Raffaele's was closed today, or we never would have discovered the Gem that is the Ol Pizzeria! This is now our Go-To pizza place, and we will be ordering often, and telling our friends about it as well.Thank you Ol Pizzeria & Cafe for a delicious experience!
3	Tried this place last night after reading all of the great reviews. Yes, it is a hole in the wall type of place in a so-so neighborhood, but that aside it is a good find. Now to the pizza... my son and I ordered a large cheese 1/2 pepperoni pie to eat in. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at how authentic the pizza was. I would however suggest they make a couple of changes for my taste. First, they use cornmeal under the crust where most traditional NY pizza shops rely on a floured dough to slide on and off the pizza peel. For me the cornmeal addition was in excess and I would prefer without. Second, once the pizza is cooked they drizzle the crust with  a special concoction of oil & garlic with maybe a hint of butter, not 100% sure. Once again, I would prefer if they had asked me prior to the addition. So the end story here is that the pizza has good bones to start. The crust was nice, the sauce was good as well, and the cheese was fine. My only issue was that the addition of the cornmeal and garlic-oil concoction added so many different flavors to the simply good pizza I was looking for that I may not go back unless they allow me to order my pizza without those two add-ons. Aside from that the owner was great and very interested in providing us with a great service. Hopefully he reads this review and let's me know if my tastes can be accommodated for future visits. Definitely worth a try. My tastes are not everyone's for sure. Enjoy!
4	It wasn't the absolute best pizza I've ever had, but I could see myself ordering a pizza from this place every other week or so.  It reminded me of all those dollar slice shops they have in NY, and for Phoenix it's really good.  It might have been slightly overcooked, and there was definitely too much cornmeal on the bottom, but these are slight faults, I would absolutely recommend this place for someone looking for a NY like pizza shop
4	Yummmmm. Garlic knots gone before we got home. Pizza is crunchy and chewy yummy. My husband the wing guy says the wings were some of the best hes had and I did too and I dont realy usually care for wings. A hole in the wall resteraunt in a shady part of town but friendly and clean. We have a new pizza place.
4	I was staying at a hotel near by and room service had ended. Went in yelp and found this gem. Called in an order for a veggie pizza at 11: 10, pizza arrived at 11:40. Delivery guy was very pleasant. The free "check in" garlic knots where tasty.
4	It's been almost 2 years since I've been here. the fact that they're still open is a good sign. I tried the to slice in a drink combo again today.The crust is amazing, thin and crispy yet chewy at the same time.The butter garlic sauce on the back of the crust was excellent. The cheese was fresh the sauce was light but good, I would recommend extra sauce. Service was good, the owner asked how everything was and made some suggestions. Too bad I am outside their delivery area.
4	Was in Phoenix for a business trip.  Some friends came over to my hotel room so I ordered take out Wings and Pizza.  Wings were GREAT!!!  Pizza was good.  I defiantely recommend take out fro mthis place.  he gentleman that assisted me was very courteous and knowledgable.  Yel phad a check in offer and the garlic Knots were delicious!!  Thank you for a great meal!!
2	Coworker and I were talking about pizza, and he found this place on Yelp.  It has great reviews, so we decided to check it out.  The flyer says "New York style brick oven pizza."  I love brick oven pizza, so off we went.Our first hint that something was amiss was the nondescript location in a beat up strip mall, with "Pizzeria" on the front of the building, and the name of the restaurant painted on the side wall.  Some would say this is charming.  I would submit that charm has a minimum standard.My second clue should have been that the menu was printed on cheap paper.  I guess this is OK for a New York style place; that sort of thing wouldn't be too out of place for a by-the-slice place in the big apple.  But not for a brick oven pizza joint.That's OK, though, right?  Because brick oven pizza is delicious, no matter how low rent, right?The next thing that hit me at this brick oven pizza restaurant - get ready for this - THEY DID NOT ACTUALLY HAVE A BRICK OVEN.  What a novel idea - a brick oven pizza restaurant without a brick oven!  There it was on the menu: "New York style brick oven pizza."  Yet the oven they were using had no bricks, no wood... No, sir, it was most definitely not a brick oven.Maybe you would argue that it is brick oven STYLE pizza.  That it is not.  It is below-average New York style pizza.  The crust tastes good, brushed with butter and garlic and whatnot, but the slices were so incredibly greasy that the whole thing just became limp.  I lived in New York for awhile, and never once did I ever have New York style pizza that greasy.I could almost feel my arteries getting jammed.The sausage was also all wrong.  When you order sausage in NY, you get slices of Italian sausage, and they put more cheese on it before putting it back in the oven.  Here?  Throw on some round things resembling chunks of sausage, no cheese to hold them down, and they all end up on your plate by the time you're done eating.I want to like an unassuming hole-in-the-wall run by seemingly nice people, but with the false advertising, buckets of grease, and completely missing the mark on that whole New York style thing, I just can't see myself ever going back.At least the price was reasonable.
4	Had the white pizza and it was delish! Pretty sure there's some secret, addictive ingredient they mix into or brush onto the crust! It's got that just right chewy texture and a slightly salty hint of garlic and will have any garlic lover coming back for more!
3	I'm giving it 3 stars because the pizza and the garlic knots were really good but that's about it. I stopped in on the way home. I had put in a phone order since I was in the area. Girl said 20 mins. I got there sooner than expected so I just sat down to wait. If I hadn't already ordered I would have walked out the second I walked in. It worries me when a place is filthy, owner is using a table to stack piles literally a foot high of old order receipts and it looks liked storage behind the counter and various places through out. It makes me wonder if they are treating the back where they make food that poorly as well. While waiting, the girl behind the counter was arguing on the phone saying "I know, don't kill the messenger", then dashed outta there. Also a homeless lady walked in and stood at the counter a bit before the owner told get they couldn't help her. As a woman alone I didn't really feel that safe just sitting there with the door wide open (propped open with a chair) and the owners huge truck blocking the visual opening to the rest of the parking lot because he parked in the first space that is right next to the curb by the front door. When my pizza was finally ready (30mins later) I gave him my card to pay...(they will charge extra 50 cents for that option)..I asked him at the same time to please break down the total for me. He told me he would AFTER he ran my card. Bad customer service. Feeling a little put off by that I took my pizza home to my family. The pizza was really really good. I didn't have the issue some others commented about with the excessive cornmeal on the bottom. Don't expect out to be fire brick baked because ours not. The garlic cheese bread was a bit crunchy with poorly distributed cheese that didn't cover it all. The wings had a good flavor sauce but had the consistency of beef jerky. We called to talk to the manager and the guy that answered responded that he "could be" the manager. What?! Either you are or your not. We were really nice when telling him the issue with the wings and even complimented on the pizza but he said we would have to talk to the owner. We left a number and guess what...we never got a call. The owner johnny did tell me when I was there to leave feedback on yelp whether good or bad.
1	Sadly, the Ol Pizzeria has been taken over by a chain- Giant Manhattan Pizza and Wings. Worse, the new management has, quite literally, the worst pizza I have ever tasted. Cardboard cheese, canned sauce, and all so greasy that there were puddles of oil on the pizza, and the crust was incredibly floppy- not a good thing when it's thin crust.Furthermore, we were not informed when we placed our order that the Pizzeria had been bought out- In fact, they flat out lied. I specifically asked on the phone if this was the Pizzaria, as I did not recognise the voice of the person who answered. We were horrified to arrive and find that they'd been bought out, and the prices kept despite the much smaller size of the pizza. We will not be ordering from here ever again.
4	They are taken over by a really great greek guy who owns Giant Manhatten Pizza. They are not a chain but privately owned. He does good pizza and other food as well. Sloce special for lunch and his delivery is lightning fast. Try a hanade calzone stuffed with whatevwr you want, that's what I usually get,  amd some wings!
2	Unfortunately this place is under new ownership and it seems to be changing quickly. The crust is nowhere near as good and the ingredients seem to be fast food quality. Used to be my favorite pizza place in the area but I'm going to have to start searching again.
