5	Let me preface this by saying that I've dealt with another Ted Wiens location that almost made me swear off the entire company because they failed so miserably, and in fact, had it not been because warranty work is done by them, I would have gone elsewhere entirely.  However, this shop has earned my loyalty.  After giving them my story about how epically another of their stores failed and how I continued to have ongoing issues with my vehicle on various phone calls, they (1) brought me back from the edge of a nervous breakdown; (2) they accurately diagnosed the underlying issue (and in a timely fashion at that!) which was a cracked head gasket; (3) they handled all the conversations with the warranty on my vehicle (which will bring me a full engine replacement); and (4) they did all this at no cost to me as a courtesy for the troubles I'd had with another Ted Wiens shop.  I took my car in on Saturday morning and I've had communication with them regularly, without anyone ever being frustrated or dismissive of me.  I am sure that I will be talking with them throughout the next week or so as the engine on my car gets replaced, and they'll be just as courteous and understanding as they have been already.A big high-five to Jenn, Carrie, and Mitch!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. They've handled the engine replacement debacle in such a professional and customer-centered manner.  They were in contact with me throughout the entire process (it took two weeks to get the work done, what with parts ordering and getting approval from the warranty department), they were very patient with all my questions, and they were overall just great.  Again, a big high-five to everyone at this shop!
5	I had heard nothing but good things about this place from multiple people so when I needed an oil change for a BMW and Volvo, I didn't hesitate to take both vehicles there.  They were quick and friendly.  Dropped off 1 vehicle one day and was done in about an hour and they called to let me know it was ready for pickup.  Even got a coupon for my next oil change hanging on a tag in the car.Dropped off the next car the following day and after abour an hour, they called to tell me the oil change was done, but that I also needed an air filter change and steering fluid replacement.  I knew both things were needed and it's nice to know they saw it and pointed it out to me.  And that they didn't let me come all the way back and then tell me it was needed so that my car would not be ready yet.They even do free tire rotation with the service.From the stories I've heard from my friend and my own experience, I think I found my go-to spot for my cars.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (30 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!Ever since I moved her about a year and 8 months ago, I have been coming to this Ted Wiens location.  I have gone here for the following services:- Oil change- Fix CO2 sensor- Replace engine mounts- New tires- Alignment- Replace brake padsThey were able to do it all, and with a price that doesn't burn my bank account.  These are pretty high maintenance services they did for me, but they always offered a free alighment for a set of 4 new tires and a free oil change too.  They even have coupon booklets available for sale (usually by a door-to-door sales person trying to fundraise for his/her education), and they offer discounts if you come back.  I have been happy with the service I have received and the workers are there are super nice and helpful.  They call you when your car is ready, and they do not take too long to get your services completed.  Across the street is a nice big plaza like Target, Kohl's, Ross, GNC, World Market, Dollar Tree, and even Massage Envy while you wait!  Call there and ask for Mitch, he is definitely helpful and accomodating.
5	Dear Ted Wiens,Thank you for not being a**holes like Meineke and charging me a billion gazillion dollars to fix a bent tire rod and do a front end alignment.You're the best!!!!!
2	I was very disappointed with your service, after taking my vehicles to your location for two years, and semi satisfaction, i took my 2001 mitz galant for minor repair. the service writer told my wife that my car needed over $ 3000.00 in repair. a new engine front and rear struts and a complete brake service. after hearing this really bad news, i was forced to sell  my car. the person i sold the car to, called me four days later and told me, the only problem with the car was the top end, and it cost $450.00.i consider your location a rip off, and telling everyone not to bother taking th. eir vehicle to your business
1	Don't leave if you want service! My husband and I arrived at 6:50am to beat the Saturday morning rush.  We were told there was 1 person in front of us and it'd be about an hour.  They said they would call us when it was done.  We came back at 8:10am and our car hadn't moved from the spot we left it in, although there were a ton of cars that weren't there at 6:50 that had been moved into the service bays. The manager acted annoyed to see us and said "I said I'd call you!"  Yah, he also said our car would be ready in an hour.....in this case the early bird got screwed!
5	THE BEST EVER! I can't say enough good things about this whole place. I was stranded in my "new" motor home with a temp gauge that was pegged HOT. Not a good idea to head into the desert with. It was a Friday morning (Murphy's law). I had been told it was just the gauge but better safe than sorry, right? Not the gauge. It was the radiator. My MH is a 1989 which further complicated things. The team was wonderful under such stressful conditions. They put Pete on the job who used to own his own MH repair shop. He was on it full time trying to get me back on schedule and in a safe ride. It was obvious that I wasn't going anywhere, much less Sedona AZ and the pool! Brian,the Mgr, and the most wonderful guy, arranged for me to stay safely VERY near-by. So me and my cat would be alright. Saturday all day, Pete worked hard, talking out loud the entire time as requested so I could learn. He was on it with Rodney's help until 9 PM when Pete told me he could not recommend that I be on the road just yet. I't now Monday, Pete has been on it since early AM and he's still not happy. It's all paid for (came in UNDER the estimate) and I guess I'll be going when Pete says I can. I can drive away feeling that there is NO DOUBT I'm safe. Bless all these guys. Rare bunch of people you want to be affiliated with, trust me. Diane from CA
1	I recently moved to LV from the LA area so naturally I needed to find a mechanic.  Based on YELP I narrowed down my choices and ultimately decided on Ted Weins because of its proximity to the shopping center(silly, I know).  Nearing 100k miles I knew the spark plugs on my Expedition would need to be changed soon.  Sure enough after a couple trips back and forth from LV/CA the engine light comes on! Auto Zone diagnosed the problem for free! It was a misfire on #5(i have a V8).  So there I go to Ted Weins to get it fixed! They wanted $100 just to diagnose but would use this towards work done if I did it with them! I agreed, but only replaced one plug bcuz they quoted me $1100 to replace ALL 8!!!!  I leave happy and sure enough the engine light comes on again! Auto Zone diagnosed it for free again and now its a misfire on #6!  So I go to Ted Weins about 3pm to get the work done but they want to charge another $100 to diagnose it! A short time later I get a call and confirm what I already knew, a misfire on #6!  But, they tell me it's late and they can't finish before closing time(which they should of said b4 the diagnosis).  So I leave without paying the $100 with a promise to return, hence the reason they didn't charge me the $100 for the work they couldn't do that day anyway.  The next couple days the weathers horrible and I don't return.  Then I get a self induced illness(hang over).  I finally return to a not so pleased salesman who says he's on the hook for the $100 he "should of charged me."  So I agree to have #6 replaced but NOW the work comes with a disclaimer of the plugs are VERY sensitive and need to be replaced when car is cool to avoid any breaks otherwise it cost an extra $100(coincidentally the same amount I supposedly owe them for a diagnosis on work they couldn't do).  So I leave the truck, go to the shopping center and wouldn't you know I get a call saying "sorry, have to pay the extra $100, it broke while being replaced."  Not being one to complain(like now) I paid and left...... Fast FWD to present and I'm in LA.  I go to Auto Zone again and buy 6 spark plugs(for cheap) for the remaining ones that need to be replaced!  I use YELP to find a place in LA(granted its a gas station in East LA) and the guy tells me $65 bucks to replace the remaining 6!!!!!!!!!!!!! Of course I take the chance and return a few hours later to a perfectly working car! I ask the guy did any of them break when u took them out.  And in his best Splanglish accent he replies, "Na, ju just needs to no(know) what ger(your) doing."......... Happy with my car now but definitely looking for a new mechanic in LV!!!!!!! The honorable thing to do at Ted Weins would of been I'm sorry I should of charged you the $100 and gave you the credit when u returned and my boss got mad; and not "let me find a way to get that $100 back."
1	Earlier this year i took my wife's car in because of a power steering fluid leak.  They  call us and say all is good it was the power steering pump and to come and get it.  We picked up the  car and drove it home and i notice a drip just as before.  Long story short it was a bad hose not the pump.  I paid $500 to have the pump replaced when it was a $40 hose.  Fast forward to today.  The A/C went out on my wife's car I didn't want to use Ted Wien's but didn't know where else to go and its 115 degrees outside so back we went.  They call us and say they Compressor froze up and we needed $2200 of repairs and that it would be a "New System"  so I say OK fix it because the wife has to have A/C.  We pick the car up and Surprise Surprise the A/C Doesn't work!!!  I call them up and they say bring it back in and they will look at it.  needless to say I am upset because after $2200 to get a "New A/C System" It still doesn't work.  We take the car back in and have them look at it and they said it's the Expansion valve and it will be ready Saturday.  Saturday morning comes around and I haven't heard from them so I call to check.  I'm told its the transducer and it wouldn't be here until Monday!  I don't know how this will all end but so far they are either completely inept or they have NO pride in their work.  Needless to say I won't be back nor will I recommend them to anyone.  In the end Ted Wiens had to replace the compressor that they had just installed. They must use really poor quality parts because after a month on the second compressor we are right back to the same issue. When I took it in this time they said it was the fan that pulls air through the radiator. If you have read this far you've probably figured out I am NOT going back. To hell with their parts/labor warranty I am going to go somewhere else.  Use this Ted Wiens if you want to be treated like a mushroom, kept in the dark and fed a bunch of crap.
1	Go somewhere else! 3 out of the 4x we went there they screwed up somewhere. First time they didn't put my oil cap back on and left it on the engine. Luckily it was still there weeks after the service. Second time they failed to put the cover back on for the air filter intake box. Third we went in to rotate the tires and they never did it. I know this because I marked my 2 front tires just to be sure they were doing they're job. And of course my hunch was correct. Both marked tires was still on the front. This is the final straw for me and I'm not paying for service they're anymore. Absolutely would not recommend them to anyone.
5	friendly and courteous service! they offer coupon!!! i'm coming back soon!
1	Went in to get a headlight replaced was was quoted 80.00 went to pep boys and job was done for 33.79 1/3 the price. After speaking to a few of the neighbors one of them also had a similar situation with over pricing. do your homework people and shop around.....
4	This place is great. I've been to other Ted Weins around the Valley and this place has the best customer service. They don't try to make you do more then you came in for, like  other places. Both Chris and Mitch are great.
1	Never again, I had purchased some coupons for the "free oil change" services, but they ended up stripping my oil pan bolt, told me it was going to be a $350 dollar job and said I'd have to wait about 3-4 days for my parts to come in and have them install it. I own a 2003 Honda Accord EX-L V6 and I've never had this problem with me entering 150k miles, they screwed everything up. Thanks
5	Came here because the triple A technician that jump started our car recommended them. I saw a number of commercial trucks, busses and even a police car which made me feel a lot better about going to an autoshop that ive never been to. Really sweet service from Mr. Mitch. Even though we didn't buy the interstate battery here they changed it for us for a really good rate. In and out in less than 90 minutes with no appointment I would consider pretty fast service. It's good to finally have a car that runs in this 100 degrees weather. Definitely recommend to everyone. (Bring your phone or ipod if cops is not your show)
5	My battery was going bad, but not bad enough to be covered under warranty. To take the sting off of paying for a new battery, they gave me a free oil change. They fixed a problem for me that wasn't their fault.
1	This place is an absolute dump if you want your ass stretched out like a porn queen then by all means stop in and have Ted and the crew gang bang horrible place fucking dumpster should be forced to close down.Not one of these establishments have over a 3 star rating how and why anybody would continue to go
5	Our RV needed its first smog inspection. After researching and calling several places, this one seemed to meet our needs (close to our RV, flexible hours, communicative and friendly personnel). We had called ahead to confirm the inspection process; and our expectations were met with the great service we were provided, when on-site. The team was friendly, professional, answered our questions, got us in and out of there in the timeframe that they had originally projected. Mitch Bise was great to work with and the team helped us feel very looked after. We will look forward to returning to this location for future business.
1	On dec 3 at 4 pm I took my vehicle to a local tire shop and had all 4 tires and wheels replaced. They told me to drive 50-100 miles and bring it back to re torque the lugs.  I don't drive a whole lot so I made special trips just to hit the 50 miles, including one to Ted weins to have an oil change done on my vehicle.  When I arrived at Ted weins dec 5 at noon, I was right at the 50 miles in my new tires.  I waited for approx an hour for them to change my oil. When they had finished, the gentleman working inside came over to me and advised me that my tread on the inside of my tires was wearing down.  I clearly knew this to be untrue, as my tires, and rims, had ONLY 50 miles on them.  After picking my jaw up, I asked him if he really just said my tires. He AGAIN stated that the tread on the inside of my tires was worn and I should get an alignment. I told him I wanted only an oil change, nothing more. He gave me my paperwork and I left. As I was driving away from there, back to the tire shop, I was in utter disbelief. I understand up selling, but, to tell me that my brand new tires were showing signs of wear was mind boggling to me.  I reached my tire shop, approxi 5 miles away and told them what had happened and asked that they check my tires, just in case. As all would imagine, there is nothing wrong with my tires.  I'm not sure if it's because I am a woman, or the fact it was just me in there with only my 4 year old child, but this was a blatant attempt to rip me off.  I can understand mistakes, however, when I state TWICE that my tires are only 2 days old, he should not have persisted that they were bad.  Incredibly disappointed and will never use this location again, if I ever use Ted weins again!  Buyer beware!
