5	For over ten years, Bob at Meineke has been keeping the cars in our family in tip - top shape. I never used to like going to car maintenance facilities. I felt venerable. I felt as if I was submitting to Jiffy Lube's bullshit schemes to have me replace a filter I didn't need or add on the premium package.
3	Okay.  I'm torn.  First, the negative: The place was tiny, cramped, and smelled like a mix between b.o. and cinnamon air freshener.  It was a nauseating smell that I was afraid would stick to me and force me to take another shower when I got home.  I don't think it has.  But it was really, really gross.  It's all dirty, wood-paneled and dated.  I got a coupon online for a $19.99 basic oil change and printed it out.  When I got there, I found out that all basic oil changes are $19.99.  Now, I'm not complaining about the price, because that's a good deal....but perhaps Meineke should look up the definition of 'coupon' in the dictionary.The positive: My oil change was done in about 20 minutes.  They did not try (perhaps for the first time ever in quik-lube history) to sell me anything additional--not even an air filter.  I suspect I need an air filter, and am wondering if maybe they're not doing a thorough job?  Either way, I didn't want to pay for one, so all is well.  Also, I got to listen to Rush on the radio, and you can't go wrong there.
4	I went here today because my car needed an oil change.. badly. I'd been putting it off because I just moved here in August (am I allowed to say "just" still?) and wasn't sure how to go about finding a reliable place. I chose Meineke from the five or so car places I had coupons for by looking at the reviews on yelp. For 19.95 (or a little over $22 including tax) with my coupon (basic oil change is usually 24.95) I had my oil/filter changed and the oil disposed of properly, fluids topped off, and a basic belts/tires overall inspection. The men there were so friendly and speedy! They didn't give me the runaround.. just my oil changed with a smile. I would recommend them to anybody and will be back! Also, from drive up to drive away it took maybe.. 30 minutes even though there were several other cars in the garage (I went at 2pm on a Tuesday afternoon).
5	After getting a brake job this afternoon (thanks, Rusty!), I was reminded that I have been getting great service from Bob and his gang for over 17 years. This is a great shop for getting oil changes, tire rotations, mufflers, brakes, and numerous other basic services. The prices have always been fair, the information great, and the services excellent. I always recommend this Meineke as a place you can trust.
4	If you expect to be treated like a king, don't come here. This is a pleasant, no nonsense car care center. It is pretty standard and this was my first time here so I didn't expect much. 1. You have to get an appointment. You cannot just drive here because they have a set schedule so call ahead, even if it is just an oil change.2. You'll be greeted by one of the mechanics in a pretty spartan office area where there is a rack of magazines on the wall and four chairs. 3. The basic oil change took about 20 minutes, which included oil, filter, lube, and a quick diagnostic check for about $22.00. 4. My only complaint would be that it wasn't exactly explained to me what was going to happen to my car until I asked. As my first time there, I didn't know what the "basic" package included. But I did hear the mechanic tell another customer that, when it comes to repairs, they won't do anything until they talk to you. If you're looking for a cheap oil change, this is a good place to go.
1	Awful just awful, I gave them my car Thursday night at 4, I was informed a part needed ordered they would call me when finished, I called them the following Wednesday confused on why it was taking so long, I was informed it was done Friday and he thought he called me to tell me, I will not be going back, just crap service!!
5	I called to schedule an oil change right before Christmas when no one could fit my car in. They took it the same day and told me it would take half an hour. I left it there while I went to work. When I picked it up everything was just fine. The people were very friendly and professional. They took my yelp coupon that I showed them on my phone. The only thing was they didn't reset my oil change light, but that only took me about a minute to do myself.
