1	Friendly people, but unreliable. I selected Brothers Cleaning Services from Craig's List to clean a recently vacated house on the east side of Las Vegas on 12/17/12. Workers did not bring step ladder to the house, so they could not clean all ceiling fans as I requested. Workers also slightly damaged 2 window blinds. I had to clean ceiling fans myself and fix the slightly damaged window blinds. I emailed bro.services702@gmail.com but only got a vague reply and no follow-up. This was an unpleasant customer service experience to say the least.
5	Just hired Brother's Cleaning as per a friend's recommendation. The girls came on time, were extremely attentive to our needs and cleaned the house extremely well. After they were done, someone called from the office to ensure we received good service. I already have scheduled for them to come out again. Highly recommend them.
1	Worst business and extremely unprofessional. They forgot to clean the downstairs bathroom left the floors covered in dust bunnies and skipped a lot of other things left sheets in the washer didn't make the bed etc... They came back to clean up and offered me 10% off my next cleaning service. Save your time & money & do it yourself.
5	I own a property management company and we use Brothers Cleaning Services all the time. They even clean our house. They have been quick and always done a great job for us. The first time they came out, they did not clean everything perfect, but we told them what they missed and they got everything. I'm very happy with them.
2	Hired 2 cleaners for 2 hours to clean an empty condo.  When I arrived about 3 days after the cleaning, the place looked pretty much the same as before, minus the alcohol, spare light bulbs and cleaning supplies the previous tenants left behind.  I was told that it was usual to take everything out of the cabinets for the new tenants.  How about 'if it is not yours, don't take it' policy?  Obviously, it was not garbage.  I gave 2 stars because they did clean the oven and the fridge and a few drawers, but other then that, I am not sure what else they did for 2 hours.  After walking around the newly cleaned condo with bare feet for 30 minutes, my feet were black!  They did offer to come back and clean again, but after their first performance, I figured it wasn't worth my time.  Never again.
