5	We stayed at the Fraser Suites on St. Giles Street and couldn't have been more delighted. The ceilings are high, the views are exceptional and we are going back again this summer. Their staff is professional, courteous and the rooms have everything you need with lovely bathrooms and showers. We had stayed at 3 other hotels in Edinburgh but none compare to Fraser. We highly recommend this hotel in a great location.
4	We took the train into Edinburgh, from London. Everyone told us to take books/ipads for the train ride, but my husband and I were just...mesmerized. The English countryside was beautiful, but it was almost like you could feel it when you crossed over into Scotland. It was beyond breathtaking. The green, the snow, the slopes... I digress- I suppose that's more of a review for the train ride and less for the hotel, so I'll get back on track. When we arrived into Waverly station, it was an incredibly short walk to the hotel. I don't think I was even aware how short it was, exactly. What i also wasn't aware of was the fact that there was either a fairly steep hill OR the 'News Steps' to get there ( Believe me, if a stair case has a name,  it is SERIOUS). We ended up walking up the hill, which was definitely the better alternative with our bags, but it was still definitely not the best after a 5 AM wake up and a 5 hour journey. It did take a bit of frantic "Did we come the right way?" questions to find the hotel. The plus is - once you know where it is - the location is FANTASTIC. Minutes away from St. Giles cathedral, restaurants, the Edinburgh castle - you name it! It is also ridiculously beautiful. Everything is classy, the help is fantastic. When you've got the location/your belongings settled, the hills up and down are pretty easy to take on. If I had one complaint, it was that the wifi was a bit spotty in our room. Who comes to Edinburgh to be online though, right? Plus, WIFI in the lobby/staircase area was fantastic if you needed to send something desperately. Next time I'm in Edinburgh, I'll stay here again, no question.
5	I was taken here for Valentines weekend and it was fantastic! We had the Observatory Suite and it was a beautiful room. From the sitting area to the porch to the giant bathroom to the comfy bed, the room was perfect! Its location is fantastic since it is practically in the middle from old and new town. The included Scottish breakfast was such a nice treat! The staff was very friendly and I would love to stay here again.
4	We stayed at the Fraser Suites for 9 days in the beginning of September 2014. It is located just off the Royal Mile in Old Town so it is very convenient for touring the sites. We could walk to very nearly everything we wanted to do on our visit. Our room was clean and efficient. Particularly loved the high ceilings and tall windows. We had a lovely view. Our room had a mini-kitchen that included a fridge, microwave, sink, dishes and silverware for two. Also free wi-fi. There was no included breakfast as there is in some U.S. hotels but the kitchenette make it easy to stop at the grocery and pick up milk, juice etc to get our day started. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel, but we did not take advantage of it. The staff was helpful and knowledgeable about the area and the sites. If we were to return to Edinburgh we would stay here again in a heart beat.
3	I have strong feelings about the guest experience. Perhaps it comes from my days working for Disney, where's it's all about the "show." Show standards dictate that the guests on Disney don't see the realities of what makes the theme park/hotel/etc work so well. It helps to maintain the illusion, and nobody does it better. From a front-of-house "show" standpoint, Fraser Suites fails.First off, the hotel is beautifully designed, with aesthetically pleasing color combinations throughout. However, the longer one dwells on the appearance, flaws begin to appear, turning appreciation into disappointment.Starting with the lobby, the seating area adjacent to the front desk is nice, with very interesting black and white chairs, and large lamps hanging from the ceiling. Gaze at the lamps for more than 10 seconds, though, and you'll notice dust and dead bugs in through the translucent center of all four lamps. Multiple chips have been taken out of the tables and floorboards exposing the wood beneath. Either you guys have rowdy guests, or your maintenance staff needs some training in being more observant. The morning we departed, half of the lobby was occupied by multi-colored duffel bags full of bedding, returning from being cleaned. That's great, I'm glad you guys are cleaning the sheets, but there has to be a better delivery system.Room 304 was a big disappointment with poor craftsmanship visible throughout. The bathroom door didn't fully close, the closet doors didn't close, the half-glass bathtub door wouldn't budge. The beige carpet was notably stained across the entire foot traffic area. Everyone knows this color stains easily, and there should be a plan in place for regular cleaning, but it was some time since it was last cleaned. Speaking of stains, the decorative pillows are probably not regularly cleaned either; mine had some kind of white stain on the black cloth. Gross. Additionally, the furniture had seen better days, with scuff marks and worn away veneer on the desk and table. The closets were a complete afterthought, reminding me of what I've seen in college dorm rooms. The doors don't match the rest of the decor, not even a little.As for comfort, the room was fine. The bed was comfortable, but the sleeping pillows were awful. Time for a refresh, guys. How about some feathers? Ultimately, I'm willing to listen to arguments that I'm nitpicking. We didn't get sick or anything, and the staff was friendly. We also slept reasonably well although the pillows were terrible. So, you get three stars for checking the boxes. The problem is, the issues I've highlighted are easily corrected, and even worse for Fraser Suites, easily prevented. It just seems to me that, if one is not prepared to invest in the upkeep of furnishings which are more susceptible to visible wear, take the 3-star hotel tactic and don't buy those things. Stop cutting corners on maintenance. Be the hotel you want to be, not the hotel your pictures say you are. I want that for you, and I won't return until it's achieved.
