2	Visited the Sayers Club and the other establishments inside SLS opening week.  It was a Monday night.  We parked at 9:30 in the garage, after the valet said they were "full" with their hands out.  Valet was almost empty, and this new crew of newbies (admittedly not any of the few veterans of the industry I understand they did hire) was obviously hustling the property for $20 tips to park.  I'm not adverse to having a $20 option on a crowded night, but you drive past the valet lot on the way into the garage - empty.  This kind of thing tends to happen when the typical clientele is not tipping, and the valets want to park less and get paid more.  We arrived at Sayers Club at 9:40 p.m. They had already done last call!We walked through the bar and to the outside area.  It looks nicer from the street.  The design is disjointed and partially blocked off by other event space.  We got the canned speech about the 'battle of the bands' they plan to have as nightly entertainment.  Sounds like high school approach to what is billed as a sophisticated venue - no thanks.  And what's with closing at 9:30 on 'school nights'?  They told me they will only be open later Thurs, Fri, Sat.  What a joke.  SUGGESTIONS:  I've been here 45 years.  I worked at the Sahara 35 years ago.  I have friends who worked there when it closed, and work there now.  The PR says SLS is after locals.  Ok, let's get local then.1.  No 'school nights' hours.  Stay open until at least midnight, better 2am2.  Put a dress code in the club.  No slobs.  Grown men have no business wearing shorts into a restaurant or bar.  Get serious.3.  No 'battle of the bands' BS, no 'dueling piano's' hustle.  Get sophisticated lounge singers and musicians which you will find at La Casa Cigar Lounge, The Barrymore, Zebra Lounge and others.  Not background music, but not loud either - sophisticated.  Grownups like to have conversations while we have a serious drink.  If you want serious bucks spent, don't cater to the mating rituals of the twenty-somethings.4.  Iron out that patio deal.  Get rid of the gates or whatever that is and get some good seating out there, with no piped music unless there is no live music inside, and if you do pipe it in, make it sophisticated sound.The slogan of SLS is "Be Legendary".  Sayers Club is the high end bar at the SLS, and is far from legendary.  But it could be.  Opening week is tough, and there are always bugs to work out. I hope they step up.  I'd be back if they do.
4	I came here on the pre opening.  It is a nice sexy little spot that will feature live music.  I'm very curious to try it again with some performances.  I like the layout.  Only intimate couch seating made for table service and a bar.  I believe they might have a outside patio as well.  I didn't drink that night so not sure if they have special drinks.  If they don't this would be an awesome place to have very unique speakeasy type drinks.  Probably best for a low key lounge night or date night.
1	Boring and over priced on a Friday night. I'll state up front that I can afford this place, we are not the demographic, but if this is what the 21-35 singles have to experience for nightlife at the SLS, Yikes, I feel sorry for them! We got there at 10:45pm and the crowd started arriving. A DJ was doing a good job on the turntable (or mp3 player), but there was no dance floor, so everyone was standing around. We saw that a band was setting up and thought we would hang out. I went to get a couple of drinks and learned they quickly it cost me $36 (way over priced) and my signature "Old Fashion" only filled the glass half way. We sat on one of the comfortable couches only to be kicked off by a bouncer. That's fine, but if the couches are for VIP's or reserved, put a card on the table or tell people when they go in. So we went outside where there was enough outdoor furniture and attempted to have a conversation, but within 5 minutes another bouncer came over and told everyone that the patio was being closed and to go inside. So now the place is crowded and we are left standing. After 15 minutes and milking our drinks, I wondered where the band was. When I asked a bouncer, he said they would be out at 11:30pm. So we thought we would wait another 15 minutes, then 20, then 25, and at 11:45 we asked a bartender where the band was. He said they would come out whenever they felt like it, but are suppose to play a quick set by 12:30. I was already bored and all there was to do is watch everyone trying to talk over the loud music. I never saw anyone getting a second drink, and some guys weren't touching their drinks for over 20 minutes. Others were suckers and bought girls drinks, and all the girls had to do was take selfies with the guys. Total Suckers! By midnight we left, I couldn't take it anymore. I would have had more fun blowing my $36 dollars in 10 minutes on the slots or at craps. This was a total waste of time and money, and I could afford this place. If you have deep pockets to burn through money you don't care about, while you sit or stand listening to music. If that defines fun for you. Enjoy.
4	I think some of the other reviewers don't really get this place and probably aren't the target demographic. I'm from LA and have been to the Hollywood location numerous times over the years. This isn't a club. It's not a place to go dancing. It's not even really a place to pick up girls/guys, although that might happen if you play your cards right.It's a place designed to experience music in an intimate, upscale setting with friends over drinks. Target demographic is mid-20's professional - late 30's professional. (Girls closer to 21 are, obviously, always appreciated). It's a place where the clientele wouldn't need to be told that sofas are reserved for bottle service.This venue has all the familiar elements of the LA location: plush leather sofas and a somewhat industrial feel. But, in typical Vegas fashion, it's a bit bigger.I had a great time this weekend, but I knew what I was expecting when I arrived. Since my wife and I were guests of the SLS, we got in free and didn't wait in line.What's ultimately going to make or break this place are the musical acts they can lure here. I've seen Prince perform at the LA location. Nothing like seeing an artist on the level of Prince in a setting with less than 150 people. I'll keep my eye on this place to see how it progresses.
3	I rarely do night life, let alone make an effort on a day I'm coming back into town after vacation. I played tourist today and came straight from arriving to Sayers because Miguel Migs, Marques Wyatt, Mark Farina with live vocals of Lisa S were spinning and a few friends wanted to go.It's a small indoor space with a majority being couches for bottle service and a stamp sized "dancefloor" in front of the stage. It does have a nice long patio overlooking the street. The bar seems to be better than the average night club selection and their cocktail menu looks decent. I did not try a cocktail because I'm currently on a alcohol free cleanse of sorts.The sound quality inside was definitely good. I am a fan that they are bringing in acts that I don't see headlining other clubs and lounges often. It is what it is. If someone interesting is coming to play, I would probably be blowing through, otherwise it's not a place I would crave and seek out to hang.
5	Best Moscow Mules  in Vegas!!!!   best place in Vegas to smoke a cigar and lounge. Cassie my bartendress was awesome!!!  She suggested. The drink I'd like and she was right!!  Cool place to kick it!!
3	Date & Time:  Friday November 14, 2014 @ MidnightScene:  Groups of Guys in Fitted Shirts & Girls in Sparkly Bebe MiniDresses w/ StilettosMusic:  Live DJDecor:  Luxurious Lounge, Ornate Chandeliers, Dark Wood, Leather Banquettes, Impressive StageImbibe:  Grey Goose Table Service
1	We are the target demographic for Sayer's Club and we are locals. Having said that, we were treated like stupid tourists and will never go back. Friday night at the bar - had drink tickets from a VIP host - ordered 2 drinks and 2 bottles of water - $32. What? Yes as it turns out, their policy is to apply the drink tickets to the "lowest priced" drinks on your order, which in our case was the bottled water. I know this is Vegas but I've never been charged for bottled water when ordering a drink, nor have I had my drink tickets used for said water. We left very quickly, yet waited forever in the cold for the valet to bring our car. That's 2 locals they just lost to poor customer service and lack of respect. I now see why they're suffering $$ and having to lay off staff.....
1	The ONLY reason ..and I repeat the ONLY reason I stepped foot in this pretentious, Anglo filled, whack club was because my aunt was turning 60 and someone told her they "knew someone" that was performing at an R&B club on the strip and could "get us in". I KNEW this was a mistake when I pulled up and walked in..The gin and tonic was $16.00 -- the same amount I just paid for a MEAL at a BUFFET.. get the _____ out of here! There were all of these "VIP" areas filled to the brim with teeny tiny dresses, weak suit jackets, over processed blonde hair and "bros"..The VIP booths were $550.00 for a love seat sized couch and a bottle with setups. NO thanks.. I stood and looked mad..Then the "R&B" performer comes on stage and he looks like Jason Mraz and kicks his "R&B" set off with Calvin Harris' "Blame".. are you kidding me.. what kind of R&B is this? I was so grossed out..that I apologized to my aunt (who I think was so utterly & totally confused at this point as to what was happening that she was frozen in place) and told her that I was going to play some penny slots and I would meet them when they were ready to go..So i proceeded to leave..find my lucky penny machine and drink FREE DRINKS for the rest of the night. What a waste of my good jeans..
1	For me, customer service is everything, at Sayers Club it isn't. If you have questions, issues, work with your patron, and they'll be loyal to you. Don't refuse, or say no. Sorry. Tough. Especially when it's a reasonable request.I originally intended on attending a Hollywood event by Sayers, but after finishing buying a ticket, I noticed the ticket was for Las Vegas. Your website redirected me to Vegas instead of Hollywood. This is a programming error, I selected Hollywood.All I asked is for a refund, exchange, or something, so I can go to Hollywood instead of Vegas. I still wanted to be a patron, but instead, I get a flat out no. We don't do that.Blanket policies are the worst, it shows you don't care about your customer and only want the money. So enjoy my $90 Sayers SLS, I won't be attending. I hope it was worth losing a customer for life.I'll be sure to tell plenty of other people to avoid you at all costs as well.
5	THIS PLACE IS FUCKING AWESOME!! Imagine a small whiskey bar, with looooong dark curtains in every corner, shedding out every inch of light...other than the proposed - enclosing the sounds of rock, RnB, soul & jazz -- beautiful people every which way you turn -- from model-like bartenders to stunning Bottle waitresses. Leather couches to prop yourselves on while you watch and LISTEN to the live band play tunes you could only recognize from your adolescence/childhood; bottles of crown & goose before you...crazy flashing light sticks from the club next door in your hands(who knows how we got them).....You almost feel like you're being sucked into a different world......................almost as if this place has been soaked in it's own brand of debauchery.... Something I'd take part of any chance I'd get! I give MAAAAAJOR props to the artists that performed here the night I was here(12/5)....YOU ARE EXTREMELY TALENTED!!I was honestly disappointed when it came to an end! My God, I'd have stayed there til the sun came up and then some....just to hear those vibratious voices. I would upload videos....but my phone sucks at recording such unique sounds....so the end product isn't what I'd thought to be :-/ But having been there....DAMNIT! I'd do it again and again and again and AGAIN! ..You cats are AMAZING beyond belief. And the sound guy!!!! Maaaaaaan....You were working it that night!! Everything sounded SUPERB. Fucking extravagant. Props to you as well!!! Best believe I'll be in for one mo' gin! Five stars just ain't enough...
