4	I found out about Studio Vino while having a conversation about 30th bday presents for friends with a coworker. Here's how it went.Coworker: My sister's 30 birthday is coming up and we don't know what to get her. Any ideas?Me: As a matter of fact, I have a friend with a 30th bday soon and here's what I planned. It's sort of a "welcome to your 30s" tool kit, complete with khaki Capri pants, a belt clip for your cell phone, a pair of crocs and maybe a gift cert for a sensible hair cut that says "I don't need keep up with fashion because I'm 30 now and above all that."Coworker: Um...yeah.To dissuade me from my hilarious present, she then sent me a link to Studio Vino, where you can custom label any of the bottles of wine for special occasions such as birthdays, anniversaries, babies, weddings - whatever. So, you send them a picture of your parents, your sister, etc., come up with a name for your wine and maybe a tagline (I imagine "Just Keeps Getting Better With Age" is pretty popular). Then the owner designs a label using colors you request or she'll do it all on her own. All (including the wine) for like $15! Wow, what a unique gift with a quick turnaround (in my case 24 hours) for less than $20I made one for my mom for her bday. Since her dog is pretty special to her, I put his picture on the bottle, called the wine "Hair of the Dog" and made it "Draco's Special Reserve." Kari, the owner and the one who designs your labels, came up with a color scheme that complemented the image, and even made the "o" in "Draco" a paw print. Cu-u-u-te. Mom LOVED it and the gift was the hit of the party. Here's how it went down: I sent Kari my desired image and text via email Saturday at about 2p. She sent me three versions within an hour. I picked one and asked her to tweak the colors, she sent me the new version. I OK'd it and had the bottle in hand by 1p the next day.That being said, custom labeling is not the crux of this business, but is merely a convenient off-shoot of her very cool enterprise. At Studio Vino, you pay about $350 to make and bottle your very own case of wine. So, you choose a grape, spices, flowers, roots - whatever, mix it up, she barrels it at her studio for 75 days (or the allotted time). Then you come back in with up to six of your friends and have a bottling and label-making party - complete with food and music of your choice. You can do a half case for a little less, I believe.Pretty great, huh? Now go - be a bday hero and give the best present of all time!p.s. i'm still giving the hilarious welcome to your 30s tool kit present - it will just now also include the "real" present of a kick ass bottle of wine!
4	just went to a wine tasting for charity @ studio vino!  the girls that work there were all wonderful, and on top of everything despite the chaos of a charity event, and tasting in their smallish place.  the wine is all made in house and it was a great surprise to taste the big flavors from each sample.  it's easy to make bad wine, but the girls @ studio vino got it right.....it's located in the SW corner mall a few doors down from pei wei on guad,. and mcclintock.  i can say after one visit,  i'm a fan.   great little shop, make your own wine!  design your own labels, mix your flavors, bottle it and take it home.  i think it's like 250 bucks for a huge water cooler size jug.  and each bottle made would than be about 15.00 each!  not a bad deal.  go in with a friend a a few friends....good luck with your ideas!  and check out studio vino
3	Never thought that I will find a winery at a strip mall.This place imports grape juices, crushed and filtered, from Oregon or California.  They put them into 6-gallon jars, put in other stuffs for wines, and wait several months for the contents to become wine.If you want, they will provide the recipes.  You can obviously bring your own.At the end, you will bottle and label about 14 bottles to bring home.For those who thought of brewing their own beers, they take away the mess and the uncertainties.Unfortunately, I don't particularly like their "house wines."
1	he Customer Service was horrible-- After making reservations over a month in advance we were jammed in to a corner and were treated as though we were an inconvenience-- Our waitress,who advised us she was also the owner, rushed us and multiple times answered her phone while serving us-- She acted annoyed when we asked questions and hurried us through our tastings-- At one point we advised her that this was a special occasion and that we felt like we were inconveniencing her and her reply was that perhaps we would like to reschedule and come back at different time as she needed to prepare for a larger party was coming in within the next 15 minutes!! The owner advised us she was in business to make money-- We felt like showing her our receipts from Napa Valley over the past 20 years! They for sure lost money on us and we will discourage anyone from visiting them in the future-- wonder why we even made reservations-- As for the wine, it is terrible--While the grapes are from Northern California, none of the wines are aged more than 3 months! By no means is this even close to a true wine making experience--If you are a serious wine drinker, don't waste your time as the wines served are headache waiting to happen- If you are a novice stick with nice box of wine!
5	I was at a wonderful charity event this last Saturday and the event opened with a free glass of wine!  Always a good thing in itself.  I asked about this yummy black cherry red wine and found out it was donated by Studio Vino in Tempe.  Always wanting to support local businesses that support charity, I stopped by the shop yesterday and got to sit and chat with the owner of the wine bar and enjoy another glass of this enjoyable fruit wine.  They make a list of reds and whites, along with these lesser alcohol fruit infused wines.  You can also book a tasting and wine making experience, design your own wine labels and when it's ready bottle your own wines!  That sounds like a lot of fun.  Kari, the owner was a delight to talk to and I will surely be heading back there very soon with the girls!  There is a comfortable bar to sit at, along with several high top tables for larger groups.  I think it would be a fantastic place to have a party, like a birthday!  I can't wait to go back and taste more of what they have to offer.
5	I started going to Studio Vino last summer - I actually stumbled upon Studio Vino since it's next to the Bikram Yoga Studio.  After a few visits some friends and I decided to bottle wine.  We started the wine making process in October and bottled in March.  it was an absolute blast.  Once I finished the wine I made, I plan on going through the wine making process again.  Kari, the owner, has been an absolute delight.  I enjoy going to Studio Vino so much, I am now a SV member. The wine is young but good -
5	This Place is Awesome!!!!
5	We decided to go to Studio Vino for a birthday celebration.  Since there were 10 of us, we booked a private event, so we had the place to ourselves.  The atmosphere is very relaxed, yet sophisticated.  Kari made us feel at home.  We sampled 10 different wines along with snacks.  We then were off to make our own wine, which was a blast.  This was an unforgettable experience!  We get to return in a few months to bottle our wine.  I'm sure there will be more tasting then.
3	A few friends and I visited Studio Vino to do the wine tasting.  We got 10 samples of wine along with a cheese tray and a fun snack selection with cookies, nuts, and chocolates.  We really enjoyed being able to select wines from Studio Vino as well as other Arizona wineries.  The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming and overall it was a pleasant experience. The reason for the three stars is that service was very slow.  It took almost two hours to complete our wine sampling.  We had initially wanted to sample and then order wine but we were running so short on time some of us ended up ordering a glass before our sampling was even complete.  My advice: plan to spend a while and if you have questions you may want to ask Kari (who seems to run the place) because our server didn't seem too confidant on the wines and pairings.  Otherwise, it's a great atmosphere and we had a fun girls night out. :)
5	What a fantastic find! I had discovered this place a little while back via Yelp and have been waiting for the right opportunity to come here. I finally decided to swing in here for a glass of wine with my girlfriend and was pleased to find it was everything I had read in the comments from my fellow Yelpers! We tried four different glasses of Studio Vino wines that they make right there in-house plus their wonderful cheese-board. Presumably the owner or manager Kari (Kerry?) came over and conversed extensively with my date and I about the wines they make and the specific wines her and I had selected. We were so impressed we've decided tonight we will be returning to listen to some live music, and hopefully shortly will be returning to take part in their tasting-and-making package where we will apparently get to taste all of their varietals, then pick which one we like best and make 14-bottles of it of our own and make our own labels for them to take home with us! Highly recommended for a great, unique date idea!Keep singing,-Jerron
4	Definitely love this place. I purchased an Amazon local deal a few weeks ago for a wine and cheese tasting for 4, and made a reservation for last night. I had never been here before, so I was surprised to find this little wine bar in a Fry's shopping center. But once inside you completely forget that, as it is very intimate and modern. Nick who was at the bar near the door told us to have a seat wherever we wanted so we grabbed a seat at one of the tables. He dropped off some waters and came back later and gave us a run down of the two flights we would be tasting that night, an shortly after brought out a platter with cheese, nuts, and some fruit. The four of us had a great time, and they are very serious about wine. My favorites were the viosignia (sp?), their house red (can't remember the name), and their peach Chardonnay. We were there for about an hour and a half, so it's bit of an experience, but Nick was great a not rushing/disappearing and he was very knowledgable. After all was said and done we hung out for a bit and I decided to get a bottle of the peach Chardonnay because it is seriously amazing. Nick told us a bit about their wine making that you can do yourself and their club membership, both of which I'd like to do in the future. This place is super reasonable and very impressive for a date or a night out with your friends. I'll definitely be back.
1	I'm 100% sure I won't return and it's not because of the location or the wine/food.  Some friends and I decided to do a wine tasting and they provided some cheese, crackers, cookies and chocolates.  No fruits or meats and the cookies came out of a box.  Pricing was $25 + tax & tip and seemed like a good deal for 10 tastings.Our server was probably one of the rudest people I've ever met in the service industry and if her tip wasn't included, she would have received NOTHING from me.  While we were waiting for the rest of our party, she asked if we needed anything.  I went to order a glass of wine and she said "I'm not getting anyone anything until the entire party arrives".  And you asked because????Needless to say, I asked about how much wine would be served with the tasting because I was the designated driver.  She stated approximately 2 and a half glasses of wine total.  For my size and where I live, that's a guaranteed over the blood alcohol limit for me.  I asked if it was $25 per person whether we drink or not - and she said "you've already been eating, so you will be charged".  I tasted maybe 3 of the wines and fell in love with the Pinot Grigio.  When she brought out my check, not only were we charged the automatic gratutity (and if I had her nasty little attitude, I would have charged the 18% as well) but the gratuity was also charged on the bottle of wine that I was taking home with me.  Of course, I just gave it back and paid for the tasting. The tasting went more than 2.5 hours, and service was not even sub-par.  It took her 1/2 an hour to ring up our checks.  She was blunt and non-friendly.  I won't be back.
5	What a fun place! I used to work at the Bikram Yoga Studio next door and honestly never paid much attention to Studio Vino. Big mistake on my part. I finally came in here in December 2012 and have been coming back ever since.Studio Vino has "neighborhood wine bar" written all over it. Friendly service, cozy atmosphere and an owner who remembers everyone's names. I have sampled over 30 wines here and the list keeps changing, so there is always something new for me to try when I come in. Have I mentioned that Studio Vino is also a winery? Yep, they make their own wine right on the premises. They serve that and wines from around AZ.  Next on my agenda is taking advantage of Studio Vino's "make your own wine" option. I can't wait to come in for my birthday with a few friends, do a wine tasting and then head to the back room to make my own wine, complete with custom label and wine name. It will be the best self birthday present ever!Let's not forget the cheeseboard!!! The cheeseboard is amazing - delicious artisan cheese, crackers and other treats. The servers or the owner, Carrie, are happy to recommend wine that will pair well with the cheeses.I have brought everyone in here - grandparents, boyfriend, girlfriends for a girls' night out, etc. - and every person has enjoyed themselves.
4	Great little wine bar. Huge selection of local wines. They are very helpful about their wines and will let you sample before you buy. Prices are great with glasses starting at $5 and up to the $11 range. Great atmosphere, quiet.
3	Great service, friendly, and nice ambience. Loved the Appetizer plate with cheese and crackers and fruit. Very tasty. Terrible wine unless you enjoy kook-aid on your me was porch. Hey..I am not a wine snob but eh.
5	I chose this place both because of convenience location wise and because of the Yelp reviews. There are bad and good reviews on here, everyone has a different experience, but most of them were good and they definitely lived up to my expectations and then some. The owner Kari herself sat my friend and I and served us all night. She remembered us by name, joked with us and we even got into a discussion about cooking Spaetzle! Her daughter also works here, you can tell a lot of love goes into everything they do. We started with a few flights to try some of their homemade wines and the cheese plate which was perfectly balanced with sweet, savory and pungent flavors, then once we settled on which wines were our favorites stayed until they closed. We weren't rushed or ignored, when we came in the place was completely packed and we were offered a seat at a reserved table (the party wasn't there yet) until a smaller table opened up. Overall it was a fantastic experience and I will definitely go again!
3	I have been here twice with my neighbors and husband. We first came for a tasting and winemaking evening and then returned six months later to bottle our wine.The tasting was a fun experience because we got to try 10 different wines that were paired with lots of chocolates, nuts, and fruits from Trader Joe's across the street. The wines were mostly ok. Our group agreed that the merlot was the best. We headed to the back of the restaurant and began the winemaking process. We added yeast and oak chips to grape concentrate, and then stirred it power tools.As the months passed, we created a photoshopped image for our label which our neighbor sent to the owner. It took over 6 weeks to any information back from her. Even scheduling the bottle experience was a chore. She didn't confirm until the day of, and even then there were still some hiccups with bottle availability. The bottling experience was fun but very short. The wine we made doesn't taste all that great, but I guess you can't have high expectations for something that is made in a jug.I liked the novelty of making your own wine, but for the hassle and price (about $20 per bottle), it's not an experience worth repeating.
1	Their House-Made wines are not great (if you're an avid wine drinker), but when you go here for a "Wine Tasting" that's what you'll get.  I would only consider drinking or purchasing their Fruit Blended wines, as this is what they do best... Something along the lines of a sangria.The service is chaotic, and the Manager pays more attention to her regulars than other customers. Sadly, she also doesn't have an ounce of professionalism from what I witnessed, and personally experienced. Succinctly, we had to tell her about broken glass on the floor, she asked someone to not cash a check until the next day because it might not clear, and was drinking on the job.   Her co-owner (brown haired woman), is MUCH more friendly and interested in fostering new business with potential customers. I felt like Tabitha in the "Salon Take Over" show. Be an owner, step back and let other people run your business...sadly, you cannot.I am not sure that this place will last long. It's a shame, because the concept is great. Seems like a lot of the good reviews are from her friends. Help her out then, and give her some constructive criticism.
5	My husband, friends, and I had a fun time here. We came for a tasting package that our friend had found on groupon. We were able to try many of their wines (8, I think) and to go with them were given crackers, cheeses, nuts, etc. Very fun. We loved their red dessert wine and bought a couple of bottles. So awesome that you can make your own wine here. We didn't do that, but saw in the back where other people's wines were. Loved the live music, too. Make a reservation if you can!
4	A few months ago I bought a Groupon for this place since I thought it was an extremely good deal. $39 for 6 wine tastings, 1 snack plate, and a chocolate dish, not to mention after trying the wine you get to take home a bottle of your favorite choice with  a custom label with your names on it. My boyfriend and I came here this past Saturday for our date and we had an amazing time. The ambiance of the place was great and perfect for a date and the staff was extremely friendly. It was my first time having a wine tasting venture so I would say it was a good first experience for me. One of our favorites was the Raspberry Pinot Noir which we ended up taking home with us.I think it's a very good place for a date and I would definitely want to come back in the future. =)
2	Eh... It pains me to give 2 stars.. I love the owner's concept of creating your own wine, their wine was great and the service was informative and friendly.I'm not going to rant about anything other than: We bought their Groupon, which honey, I know they are taking a huge cut of your profit .... But you shouldn't be charging people the tax on the "full value price". It's just an arbitrary number and as far as accounting goes, makes no sense. It wasn't outlined on the Groupon and to be honest, it was tacky. The whole point of getting a rush of Groupon patrons is to get them to return. That's where you make your money. Who returns after a secret fee has been slipped into the bill?
4	On Friday, May 17th my friend and I were in the Tempe area and wanted to check out a few wine bars. We came across Studio Vino through the Arizona Wine Magazine at Barnes and Nobel. We arrived there around 1 hour before closing. The atmosphere was great! About 35 minutes of being in the environment and tasting some wine, we were then introduced by the owner.  She, along with her staff, provided such great personal service. It was a great evening and I would highly recommend this place based on our experience.
1	Well, the reason businesses are successful over time is that they provide good customer service and encourage repeat business. I bought an online deal to try this place in our neighborhood. I tried several times to book a "reservation." Once they were not open on the day we could come, one time I had to call so many days ahead of time etc. Needless to say, once my party of 4 could come was the day the coupon expired. They couldn't "fit me in" during the 8 hours of business that day nor could they honor the coupon for an extra 24 or 48 hours. She tried to convince me that getting half the value of the coupon should make me happy. Well, if you don't want to extend any effort to future customers, not only will we never return, we will ensure that everyone in our neighborhood knows of this negative experience as well.  The cost of providing a few more samples of wine to honor a coupon and attract more business and new customers would have been worth your cost. As for me, I'm done with start ups using group-on and living social to attract business.
1	I wouldn't go back! Got a Groupon for a tasting- not worth it at ALL! $39 for 3 small swallows of wine, small app plate and some truffles- And taxes are not included in the groupon so we got a tab for that at the end of tasting which was an additional $8. The staff was not friendly at all and I felt rushed! Honestly don't waste you time or money here!
3	I'd purchased a voucher from social living for a tasting for up to 4 people and thought it was a really great deal. On June 22, 2013, My boyfriend and I had a couple of friends to join us, As to be expected there were wines we liked and those we didn't. The service was really great and we had a really great time. Our bad experience happened afterward. We prepurchased wines that we liked  from the tasting that were shockingly, not in stock. We were given a time frame in which the wines would be ready  (June 25th for the Naughty Monkey and 2 weeks for the Chocolate Cherry Port) and were told we'd be notified as to when to pick up the wines, We were never notified by them, Ended up calling them (on the 12th of July) and spoke to the owner who informed me that one of the wines had come in but had been sold accidentally, however the other 2 bottles that had been ordered were there. She assured me that the other bottle would be in the shop the following Tuesday when the distributor came. I told her that I would be in on Tuesday to pick up all 3 bottles. Tuesday comes and not only was the one particular bottle that was supposed to be in not there but the other 2 weren't as well!!After a lengthy, very subdued, but nonethe less, upset conversation with the studio person, I was promised the wines would be available the very next day. The next day, July 17th, I didn't have very high hopes but went anyway and was greeted by the owner. She apologized again and again. She gave a free bottle for each of the 2 types that had been ordered which was great but we probably won't go back, Found one of the wines elsewhere much cheaper...
3	Sorry to say this because their wine is good but they have had bad customer service all 3 times I have been in. Strike 3 I probably won't be back and I will not be referring people here anymore :/
1	Hours on the door say 12noon- ..well, who cares. We were there at noon on a Saturday to pick up our wine after MONTHS of it "not being ready". Talked to the owner, left messages, etc etc.. It was finally ready and here we are!!! Doors locked. These people suck. They eventually agreed to drop off our wine for us at our house and they did. The End- finally
5	Two years ago, I walked into Studio Vino on a lark.  I sat down and was greeted immediately by the owner Kari and the barkeep Caylan.  I was made to feel welcome, and I had such an awesome time that I came back the next week.  That night, Kari served myself and the lovely lady sitting to my left some great wines at great prices.  We talked and laughed late into the night.  That lovely lady who was on my left was Tricia and she is now my girlfriend.  I love this place.
1	Customer service was horrible.  Trying to get them on the phone was next to impossible.  In having to make a "reservation" got a very limited selection of times available.  Be surprised if they make it another year.
1	ZERO STARS.  Very disappointed.  Bought a $36 Groupon to try Studio Vino and was looking forward to visiting.  We went on a Saturday afternoon.  Upon arriving, the owner said that she was with a large group and that we would have to come back another time because she was by herself.  Really????We told her that we had purchased a Groupon for Studio Vino and her response was that it clearly says reservations required.  I responded by saying that I had looked up the website to make reservations (I had read the fine print) but there was no place on the website to make reservations like most Food and Drink establishments.  The FAQs clearly stated that large parties or bottling parties needed a reservation however "...if you would like to visit Studio Vino without a reservation and sample wines made on site, you are more than welcome to do so!".Apparently we were not welcome to do so.  She said that we should try to come back another time because she had sold too many Groupons and could not keep up with all of them.  Guess this is our fault????Spend your money locally at places like Postino or The Winsor that excel at quality and service.  Don't waste your time here.  Based on the reviews,  we are not the only ones who feel this way about this place.
5	This place is adorable. My boyfriend and I tried 6 different wines (3 being Studio Vino wines) and they were all delicious.  My favorite was the Vino Pinot Noir.  It is cute and cozy inside.. the perfect place to go for a relaxing night! I would highly recommend this place!
5	So sad to see Studio Vino go!  It was truly something special in Tempe.  Owners of other restaurants in town need to take a lesson from Kari. I wish her nothing but the best at Cellar 433.  (cellar433.com)
