5	To Rita,It's been awhile hasn't it? The last time I saw you was on Stephanie street. I still remember the way you used to touch my lips. Happiness. It hasn't changed. I realized how much I needed you in my life.I walked into your grand opening, you were just like I remembered you. Filled with happy customers and a staff armed with smiles. I took a cup of your mango ice with vanilla custard. Heaven. I'll be back again.
3	I received a flyer for this place that had coupons so I wanted to try it as I love ice and ice cream. When I first got there, the employees greeted me and offered me samples of anything that I wanted to try. Service deserves 5 stars. However, the ice was just all right. They make their ice daily, so their flavors change daily. They have Italian Ice, Cream Ice, Gelati, Misto, Sundaes, Blendini, Sugar-Free Italian Ice, and Milkshakes. They had unique flavors of Italian Ice such as Alex's lemonade, Sweedish Fish, and Starburst. I wasn't in the mood for any of those flavors, so I got a custard. I had a chocolate vanilla custard in a twist. They also had an orange cream flavor. I paid $3.88 for my regular sized custard in a cone. I believe it's $2.29 for a regular sized Ice. It could have been that I was just in the mood for ice cream. The Italian ice was pretty good but not something I was in the mood for.Store hours:Sun-Thurs: 11-8Fri-Sat: 11-9
4	I have tried Rita's on exactly two occasions before they opened one closer to my side of town. I was so excited that this location opened up and the cherry on top is that they have a drive thru, making my dessert runs that much more convenient. I have only tried their Italian ices, but they have many rotating flavors, including some sugar free options. This is a great new location and I plan on making good use of it when the summer rolls around.
5	Very friendly staff... was a bit disappointed that they didn't have any cherry ice but the lady behind the counter said they change out the flavors regularly. Apparently the cherry is not as popular out west which shocked me because that's the only flavor i ever got at Rita's in Jersey.The tropical fruit was an awesome substitution though and helped bring me back to my days eating these in Jersey. The consistency and flavor is all there.It was a bit strange actually walking into a store as all the ones I ever remember going to were just a window with seating outside. The drive through is a plus but we went in since KC had never eaten here before.Hope this location sticks around... if you're smart and in the area you will grab Rita's on a hot day. Will make you feel soooo much better.
4	Got a gelati with mango ice and vanilla custard. It was really refreshing and you get a lot for only $5. I asked for more custard than ice but instead he gave me less custard. I'm pretty sure he just misheard me so I'll let it slide.
5	People here are really cool and helpful. Family run and I always like to see that in a town like this! Ok. Let me just take a second and rave about the mango ice. I can say I honestly have never had anything that tasted this much like a fresh mango, even a fresh mango. Honestly, this and a little tequila would make a serious mango margarita. I took my mom and she got the ice cream paired with the mango ice. Sounded weird when she ordered it but wow was it a treat.Great little place- stop by on a hot day and you won't be disappointed.
4	There's nothing quite like a nice cold refreshing Italian ice on a warm desert summer's eve.Rita's reminds me of going to those family owned pizza joints when I was a child. After we were done with our pizza my parents would allow me to choose an Italian ice for dessert on our way out.Upon arrival I was happy to find out that on the first day of spring each year each Rita's location offers a free small ice! The friendly staff then informed me I was welcome to taste any flavor of my choosing. I asked for a sample of the Starburst Candy Cherry. When the frozen ice hit my tongue it immediately sent shivers down my spine. After I recovered, I realized that the ice tasted just like the candy I used to love when I was younger! I was sold. I asked for my free small cup and walked out with a smile on my face and my newly acquired frozen treasure in hand.I will definitely be back to try some of the other items they have for sale such as the custards or cream ices!
5	If you're from the Midwest and miss the custard, you'll love this place!  The smoothest, creamiest ever.
4	Great to see that Rita's Italian ice has made it to the west coast. The only thing that I would like to see more of is normal flavor. Cherry and watermelon were the only to flavor the day I went. Other than that it would get 5 stars.
5	Been there 3 times. Tried the watermelon, honeydew and lemonade. All winners. I go with custard on top only, versus top and bottom. The ice is too good to lose space on the bottom to custard. My favorite thing about this location is the owner. She's so kind (especially to my kids), engaged and authentic. I wish her the very best. I happily support her entrepreneurial effort. It takes a lot of courage to start a small business. I hope she succeeds.
2	I got cherry and mango, my husband got honey dew and cantaloupe.  Wasn't bad, but within a few minutes we understood why they give you a straw with the spoon.  It was slushy.  I have to say that we would much rather go to CJ's on Durango.  The flavors are better and the service is excellent!  Plus, the ice stays icy! :)
5	We decided to check this place out because the one we tried in St. Louis was so good. This place has awesome custard. A must try if your in Vegas.  The price is very reasonable.
5	I saw my friends posting about this place so I had to try it out. I didn't know what to expect since I've never had frozen custard before. I got the wild berry ice and vanilla custard.. yum! The wild berry had an icy but smooth texture, and it was very flavorful. The vanilla custard tasted like the inside of a two-tone (creamsicle) Popsicle. The combination was great! My husband got the birthday cake ice with coffee custard, and it was really good too. I definitely recommend eating it there and not taking it to go. I had most of mine in the car ride, but my husband drove and his was a little melted by the time we got home.
5	I am so happy Rita's finally opened and with a drive thru!! I am from PA and this is just a piece of home I can go too. Their flavors are great and my favorite is the Starburst Strawberry. Staff have been super friendly especially with my large orders for my coworkers and myself. Also got to talk to the owner who comes out and greets everyone which I think makes it more personal. It's a definite must to go here!!!
5	Absolutely amazing experience! Great service, amazing product, and SO many choices! I hope they stick around!
4	I've been a fan of Rita's while growing up on the east coast and were happy when they came to LV. I live near the one in Henderson and work close to this location. The better factor of this location is the drive thru. I was able to get my Swedish Fish today without out getting out of my car. Yes, lazy of me but convenient!,
5	Finally a place that has frozen custard other than Henderson. Great place, has a drive through and outside seating. One recommendation though, they can use a few seats inside the place as well. Other than that the custard and service was great.
5	I love this location. My first time having Italian ice and custard and Rita's did not disappoint! I love how there's different flavors all the time. I get something new each time I go in. There is plenty of sitting to enjoy inside. It's starting to get hot again and this place is perfect for cooling off!
5	Rita's hits the SPOT!Words can't express how happy I am to have found this Rita's!!!!!!! I thought it was only on the north side of town but here it is, thanks to Yelp! It's hidden so keep a look out.I've had Rita's two times before and they were only because I was in the area. Now that I am new to Yelp, I was able to find a custard place right by my area. Every time I've gone to Rita's I've always stumbled upon friendly service. They let you sample any flavors! The frozen custard is either vanilla, chocolate, light vanilla, strawberry, or swirled. I tried the Italian ice. Italian ice is really yummy in a Gelati. The bottom of the cup gets your choice of custard, flavored Italian ice (you can even mix them), and then topped ontop is more swirl of custard!! I like getting fruity flavors for the Italian ice. I was sad they didn't have my usual, cherry. But I tried the pineapple and the lemonade and they were both super delicious! Not too sweet! The island flavor was a pretty weird taste. I recommend getting a Gelati!You can even get an all custard or half Italian ice/custard blendini. This is close to a mcflurry, but better and thicker! You can add toppings or just so plain custard. My boyfriend ordered the peanut butter one which was suggested by the employee. He really enjoyed it. My friend also got vanilla all custard with Oreos. He said he would rather just eat the custard on his own because he's not a toppings kind of person.The portions for the price is very reasonable. And will leave your tummy very satisfied. I didn't wanna finish it, it was all too good! We all finished our desserts to the very bottom. Definitely will be back here more often in the future. Wish they had a punch card or something! I'd fill a bunch of those up.
5	The ices and custards really do make your taste buds happy! The cream ices are very good. The stores are always rotating their flavors so the selections are different. The light custard saves on calories but not on calories!
5	I have a new favorite obsession - Rita's is the perfect summer treat. I'm especially fond of the gelati, which is a cup with a layer of custard, a layer of ice, and topped with more custard. The ice flavors change pretty frequently, but all of them have been super fresh and tasty. The mango and pineapple are great, but my favorite is the black cherry - full of chunks of real cherries. It's perfect with the rich and creamy chocolate custard. The only problem with Rita's is how close it is to my house - dangerous for my waistline and my wallet.
5	Just like we used to have back in Philadelphia! I had a PB&J and chocolate gelato and the PB&J was pretty awesome. Only drawback, we wish they had soft pretzels.
5	This place is the BEST RITA'S IN TOWN. Best dessert shop in town hands down. Friendly, respectful, quick to serve you, awesome little patio outside to sit and enjoy your treat. Kids LOVE it, we adults LOVE it. A+Their Strawberry custard is the best thing I've ever tasted.
4	Ended up trying this place out after a friend who previously lived in Vegas was raving about the Bay Area location she went to. Right after having lunch with her, she said we have to try it out. This place lived up to the hype! I can't believe I've been passing their multiple Vegas locations without giving them a chance. The two workers here last Sunday afternoon were super helpful and put up with explaining how everything worked twice and letting us sample the different kinds of Italian ice they had available for that day. I ended up going with a Gelati (a mix of their custard on the bottom, Italian ice in the middle, and more custard on the top for good measure). I chose the pina colada Italian ice with vanilla gelati. I've never had a dole whip before, but I'm hoping it tastes as good as this gelati did. I'm already looking forward to going back and trying their different flavors. Plus, they have a drive-thru at this location! It made me really happy to see so many different people going in and out of this place - so many Vegas businesses have been closing lately. There are two tables outside, which was perfect for sitting out on the not quite scorching Vegas day. The cashier also told us they're going to be 200 California locations, so you Bay Area people tripping out when temps hit high 80's have something to cool yourself off with :P
5	It probably isn't a good idea that I get daily emails of the flavors of the day. This Italian ice is amazing! Cookies n creme is to die for!! So addicting! We left their competitor when we found out Rita's has a drive thru and a convenient stamp card app for smart phones.
5	great stuff. happy stuff.  stuff made from rainbows and childhood dreams. :)
5	This was our first visit to Ritas tonight and I would have to say that it was the best custard ice cream I had ever had. We will be going back there again.
