5	Janine is fantastic. She's not only an extremely talented masseuse, she's also a very kind and caring person. I started seeing her soon after I moved to Pittsburgh from California. I was experiencing severe and disabling headaches. Through massage therapy, I was able to eliminate them. So I stopped going. Now, I am experiencing shoulder and back pain. She is helping me with that. I feel very lucky to have found her and recommend her to every one.
5	I have been to Janine for 4 or 5 massages and I cannot go any longer without singing her praises.  Compared to other masseuse's Janine uses a deep technique that is neither too hard or too light.  She does not treat me like a normal customer, but as her only customer, and that is what makes her special.  She focuses on what I need on the day that I am in, and she remembers when I return, even if it is 6 weeks later.I can't wait to go back as my latest weekend of biking and gym workouts are calling for some of those true blue healing arts!
5	Janine is the best!! Before I started seeing Janine, I had a regular membership at a big massage chain. They were constantly switching therapists and the service fluctuated because of that. My waxer, Tu, at miss T's beauty salon recommended Janine. Janine took Tu's old space in the same building.I am so glad I took her recommendation! Janine's space is very relaxing and smells great. Everything is very clean and nice. You feel instantly relaxed when you step into her place. I feel like Janine can read my mind. That's how good her massages are. I don't have to tell her what hurts. She just finds it. Every time. She fluctuates pressure so it never gets too painful. Sometimes I fall asleep then wake up when she's working out a knot. I always get a full body massage. When I leave I feel like a million bucks. Janine has massage oil, hot stones, hot towels, aromatherapy scents, and who knows what else! The hot stones felt so good I can't even describe. When she's finished she gives you a hot wet towel and a dry towel. Janine is professionally trained and the difference is noticeable. She knows what she's doing better than any other massage therapist I've ever had. She's very professional and does what she can to make you comfortable. I highly recommend Janine!
