5	The Tempe Center for the Arts @ 700 W Rio Salado Parkway is where I went to see Childsplay last weekend. What a beautiful venue!Ferdinand the Bull was showing & it was fabulous! Kudos to the entire cast! Folks, this place is really a treasure. I know you've heard people say that nonchalantly about stupid stuff but this is for real!Like all of our other theatres in town, this place deserves our patronage and support. If you don't have kids, go alone or take your niece or nephew! You won't be disappointed.
5	There's no business like show business. As any of my friends will tell you I am a theater junkie. I could sit in a theater all day, all week, all year long and do nothing but gaze at live performances of theatrical talent. lol! Well in actuality, hmmmmmmm I really could. I am not even joking on that. I probably would if someone brought me water every now and again. LOL!  Ok, seriously now, Childsplay is my favorite organization in Az for a host of reasons.    My dear friends of Childsplay know who they are. This is children's theater at it's best! The Q and A sessions after each show is a plus. The kids love it. I have to admit I do too since I get to go say hi to my friends after each stage-show. I also learn more techniques that I can steal when I teach drama to my inner city students. Teehee!  ( Yes I am a teacher and yes I would die to have some of their costumes and sets)    I have seen so many wonderful plays, literature remakes, and original scripts performed At TCPA and by Childsplay. Fernidad, BFG and New Kid were only some of the most amazing masterpieces I have had the distinct pleasure of viewing from these talented actors. Debbie, Scott, Katie, Jodi; well all of them! LOVE YOU!   Childsplay also has an artist in Residence program for schools. We have had an artist at our school for several years. It is wonderful to note that the teaching techniques classroom teachers are learning are helping tomorrows future. Time after time I have seen struggling kids blossom under their tutelage.     Of importance to note, TCPA is a beautiful facility. You can enjoy a nice venue along with the superstar talent. What more can you ask for?     The only negative I can possibly imagine is that in today's hard times the cost may be inhibiting to some families. But if you like them on Facebook they sometimes have discounted tickets and contests to win free tickets. A great way to start viewing them and get involved.    I do hope everyone continues to support the arts here in Az. As I have stated in my other "ARTS" reviews, I do worry about cultural program survival in Az with recent state budget cuts. Soooooooo, as a famous circus/rodeo person once said, "Go, On With The Show".
5	I went to see a show at The Tempe Center for the Arts with my son few weeks ago. Rock the Presidents was showing and it was highly entertaining! The venue was incredibly beautiful. The music was fantastic, the cast was incredible, and the presentation was just phenomenal. We loved it! My son learned so much about the leaders of our country in a 70 minute show. There were students screaming and dancing, fist-pumping, having a blast rocking with the presidents. Thank you for providing such great entertainment! Deserves 5 stars!!
5	I have never been to a show I didn't like!  Childsplay is the creme de la creme of children's theatre.  The actors are phenomenal and the bees knees at their craft.  Their costumes and sets hypnotize me and reel me in from the get go.  I love their Q&A sessions at the end of each play and the fact that they have a set of questions you can take home with you for the car ride back.  They use literature for the majority of their plays and have new shows every single year.  But what is even better is their traveling shows they send to schools around the valley and country.  If you are lucky enough to get a grant for them to come, you get shows that are just as good as those in the Tempe Performing Arts Center.  Their sets are smaller, but they have their amazing costumes, props, and music along with them.  They still do Q&A sessions after these traveling shows and give us teachers those same questions that they do at the TPAC shows.  It doesn't matter if you are an adult without kids...everyone should attend at least one Childsplay show in their lifetime.  You are missing out if you don't!
4	Outer space camp for a week during summer. Nice experience for your child if he is interested in an acting camp.  This was a little different than I expected after being at other theater camps, but this place emphasized imagination and creativity which was really good.
5	Awesome programming for children's theater! They also run acting classes for children on weekends and during summer camps. My child has participated numerous times and we've seen incredible progress in his talent and skills.
