3	Cafe Luna in theory has much going for it - trendy interior, good location in campustown, free parking, and an excellent wine list. That said, it seems that their tapas style menu is still needs a lot of work for the prices they are asking. I've been twice - each time fried foods have been either undercooked or soggy, cold dishes served at room temperature, the cds being played skipped. All of that said, the staff seemed distracted - which I could forgive if there were more than five people in the restaurant. I am giving it three stars as the menu is at least interesting and the selection of wine and spirits excellent. Otherwise, it would be a two star selection.
5	Walking into Cafe Luna, it's difficult to imagine you are still in a little brick building in Campus Town. Chinese Lanterns and teal lights softly  highlighting mahogancy indicate this is not typical campustown fare. This is the only place on campus to get tapas, flavorful Spanish style small plates, but they also have a good selection of entrees. The tapas are what I'd go to Cafe Luna for and if you order a couple they make up a full meal. The selection varies, but most include some delicious local ingredients, including local greens from Blue Moon farm's and chevre produced by the state's only artisan cheese maker. The best things I've had here include a perfectly succulent pork shank and the flourless chocolate cake with berries. I have been impressed with nearly everything here, except for the soggy truggle fries. Many people love brunch here, but I found it only OK. The selection is smaller and the best thing is the donuts with creme fraiche. One time when my friend had her birthday here they gave our table three plates of them on the house. Mmmm. Prices are on the high end, but it is a wonderful place for a formal date or to convince guests that campustown really is a nice place.
4	Cafe Luna is lovely at lunch time, with tapas at dinner. I haven't been for dinner in a while, but it was great when I went a couple of years ago.  There's patio seating in nice weather, and an intimate dining room otherwise.Cafe Luna is at the corner of 4th and Green in the funny wooden building - either go up the stairs from Green and turn to your left, or enter from the side entrance on 4th.
5	It's nice to know that you can find fine dining in Champaign. I went to dinner at Luna  by myself after the place was recommended to me by a friend. It was a Monday night and the place was completely empty but for two other customers. A little surprising considering how great I thought the food was.The waitress who helped me was very friendly, and we chatted a little bit. Funny how she said she was sorry after I told her I was visiting from NYC... sure, the dining scene and the nightlife in Champaign aren't exactly the most vibrant, but this place demonstrates that there are a few nice places to go to after all.The food is mainly tapas (for dinner at least... I think the menu is different for lunch), though not typical Spanish tapas. A lot of dishes sounded very interesting, and I ended up trying two of them. I ordered the seared tuna with red pepper marmalade, gingered sushi rice and green tea broth: it was very good though I think it could have been even better. I also don't think the rice was actual sushi rice, but that's a detail. I then had the apple braised pork shoulder with celery roots: this was absolutely delicious. The pork was extremely tender and tasty, and I also really enjoyed the celery roots, which were crunchy and flavorful. Great dish, I would definitely have it again!For dessert, I tried the strawberry Napoleon: layer cake of filo dough, cream and fresh strawberries. You can't really go wrong and indeed it was delicious. They also have a fairly extensive wine and cocktail list: I had a glass of Australian wine (a blend if I remember well), which was fine but not great. However, with dessert I ordered their cheapest port and it turned out great, not too mention that the waitress probably had never poured port before (or really really liked me!) and brought me the most gigantic glass of port I'd ever seen. I thanked by giving her the most gigantic tip she's probably ever seen as well, so I guess we're even.$50 later, I left the place full and satisfied, and more than slightly inebriated. 4-1/2 stars.
5	It is the best tapas place that I have ever experienced. I really want to drive back down to have it some more....
5	Cafe Luna would totally pass muster back home in California.  It is a classy, delicious, fine-dining tapas establishment.  Unlike some tapas places back home, CL gets it right--balancing taste, flavor, and high quality ingredients that create a delicious and accessible series of wonderful small plates delivered to your table.The ambiance is fantastic, the wait staff incredibly friendly, and the wine list quite good.  It was the best meal of my recruitment trip to UIUC, and the arguments to choose the school for my PhD were incredibly effective--and it wasn't just because of the exquisite fried goat cheese balls, duck confit ravioli with teriyaki, sashimi tuna cubes, mushroom ragout, and bananas flambe.Or was it? :)
2	The new Cafe Luna is located in the ultra-cool old Rail Station in Downtown Champaign. The stylish interior is matched outside by good views and shade, although the choice of outside furniture seemed like a last-minute oversight. The food is great...read on for more of that later...We arrived on a Tuesday night at 6.45pm, just beating a very busy dinner rush at the door. We asked to sit outside, and were seated at a great table with water and menus. 15 minutes later we still had not been greeted by our server, although she had been constantly serving tables adjacent to us. After going inside to ask for a server, we were finally approached, this time by 3 people in the space of 2 minutes. Obviously there are teething problems with the Hosting situation, hiring very young servers with apparently no experience who are too nervous even to apologize for the waiting time! We consider ourselves patient, but this service was very weird. After ordering a bottle of wine and tapas, our first plate of tapas arrived literally 1 minute later... which I thought was very strange for a 'fine-dining' restaurant... Not only was it almost 'too' quick, but our wine took another 10 minutes to arrive and was inexpertly opened. The timing and service went uphill from that point, thank goodness, except that one of our dishes was completely forgotten, again with a nonchalant apology.Food. We ordered the tuna tartare trio, the whole artichoke, the mushroom crostini (which never arrived), the orange pork shoulder and the parmesan fries. Everything was great value for the price, beautifully presented, fresh and creative. The Pork shoulder was not a brilliantly balanced dish, the artichoke dipping mustard was plain but apart from those two small points, the food was really enjoyable. We will try it again, because the menu intrigues us and it's really stylish, but that is about all. I really hope for their sake that they sort out their service, because the kitchen is doing a stellar job.Plan to spend $50-75 for two people.
3	I really SHOULD have enjoyed this place but they fell short a few too many times.  If I lived in the area, I would go back, but since I don't...I'll try other places during my next visit.None of the staff seemed at all enthusiastic about serving us.  The bartender and hostess who dealt with us in the first few minutes were almost dour.  Our assigned server for the evening was helpful and satisfactory but not warm.  He did respond immediately and effectively to our request to light the tiki torches near our outside table, because there were a lot of gnats and mosquitos about.  He had to change out several of the wicks, but did it all within ten minutes or so.The food was all right but way overpriced.  I try not to review negatively on price, but this was pretty egregious.  $6 for six spears of asparagus.  $6 each for crostinis (one olive and one mushroom) which came as four pieces and looked as if my eighth-grade home-ec partner could have made them.  We're talking slice of baguette, handful of sauteed mushrooms, slice of cheese, thrown together clumsily and broiled for a minute.  Come on guys.The coconut shrimp and accompanying sauce were excellent.  The duck confit ravioli were also very good.  We didn't much care for the strawberry-rhubarb pork ribs, and although  my friend adores their mussels, I found them uninspiring.  He did order more bread just to soak up the leftover sauce.We ordered a $20 carafe of sangria (not listed on the drink menu) which was tasty and elegantly served (wedges of strawberry and orange on the glass rims and blueberries mixed with the ice in each glass--a neat touch) but hardly seemed to have any alcohol.  Oh well.
2	Well... Luna still falls seriously short for me. The interior is amazingly decorated, they really have done a beautiful job of that, but all the details are still very sloppy. For example, the rose on our table was dead, with no water... ? How do you not notice that? The food this time also fell short... We ordered the Shrimp Special, which was grilled and came with coconut risotto. The Shrimp was disgustingly over-salted, and the risotto was a pilaf. How do you screw up your SPECIAL? People?The Duck Confit ravioli was a good concept with an excellent jus, but there was so little confit in the pasta, that I wouldn't have known what was in it unless I had seen it written down. The Flank Steak Crostini was the highlight, but was too big to eat as a crostini...either spread out the topping over more bread, or call it something else... crostini is supposed to be finger food! The final disaster was the fried gnocchi. I am a big gnocchi snob, and these were so gross. I hated it. Bad concept, it kind of sticks to the top of your mouth, in a bad way and it REALLY needs to be served with sauce.Sorry Luna,after two attempts now, I'm not coming back.
3	Cafe Luna looks like a whorehouse from the outside, because it's in a long brick building lined with small windows and from the outside, the indoor lighting looks skanky. With that said, I like the lighting. The inside decor is just... trying too hard, and I never use that phrase. The silky pillows that match the walls do not work. Anyways, we ordered fried goat cheese balls, which was probably the best thing all night. The artichoke with brie sauce was a nice concept-- pluck off the leaves and dip in the little bowl of sauce that is the artichoke-- but the leaves barely had any meat on them, and were soggy and not very flavorful. My mom thought the artichoke had been frozen. The sauce, however, was very good without being too fondue-like. I ended up dipping bread in it. We also got the beef tenderloin, which was decent. It had a surprising heat... it wasn't even really spiciness, it was heat on the tip of my tongue and maybe once through my nose, but not a lingering hotness in my mouth. I thought it was similar to wasabi. It came with potatoes and onions that were perfectly cooked but plain. The cilantro-lemongrass pork rib was my favorite next to the goat cheese. The cilantro and lemongrass aren't very noticeable, in fact the flavors are kind of in the background. What I tasted was the meat, which was falling off the bone and really yummy. The creamy clams were gross. The sauce was pretty tasty, like a good alfredo, but the texture of the clams wasn't quite right. I thought they were too chewy and my friend didn't like how when she bit into them there was a lot of squirting action. The duck confit was a disappointment. The au jus (which I thought was chocolate at first... whatever) was really salty and the duck was just alright. My mom and friend really liked it, though. For dessert we had the cheesecake, which was very good and had fresh berries on it. The food was hit or miss, and I would probably go back here with specific tapas to avoid if it weren't for the awful service. Our waiter only came around to take our order, refill an iced tea once, give us the check, and come back to get the check when we were standing up and putting our coats on. We were always given our food by different people, and had to ask them for refills and such. I don't know why he wasn't more attentive, and I don't really care either... he got a shitty tip. Oh, I thought the prices were really good. We got all of that for fifty-five bucks. Cafe Luna just needs more polish on their food and better trained waiters.
3	I hate to say it, but Luna is pretty overrated. After reading a ton of great reviews, I came here with very high expectations and the knowledge that I would have to spend some serious cash. I was OK with that since splurging on a great meal is one of those things that you just have to do sometimes. Luna is certainly good, but nowhere near great and I don't feel like the price tags are quite justified by the food they are turning out. I found the food to be very hit or miss and the service to be friendly but extremely inattentive. The roasted garlic served with the bread is a delightful touch, although we did not get very much bread and therefore weren't able to finish off the yummy garlic. We started out with salads that were a bit pricey but absolutely delicious. As others have noted, the goat cheese balls are fantastic. However, I was easily able to replicate them at home, so I don't know that they alone could get me to come back. We were here during the late summer and so they were offering an asparagus dish that was also wonderful. The asparagus was flavorful, tender and perfectly cooked. We were less than impressed with the coconut shrimp which seemed to be pretty basic and no different from what you would get anywhere else. It was also only two rather small shrimp, which I know is how it is with tapas, but it seemed pretty expensive for what was the equivalent in quality as an appetizer at TGI Friday's. My husband described the strawberry rhubarb ribs as "weird but ok." The low point of the evening was the cold artichoke. It seemed to have been overcooked, as it was dried out, leathery, and sorely lacking much of an edible portion. It had then been soaked in a very bland brine and was extremely waterlogged. So it was bizarrely dry and soggy a the same time. What little of it could be eaten was pretty horrible. The sauce that come with it, however, was really good. The focus here really does seem to be the sauces as the one that came with the boring shrimp was excellent as well. We ordered one or two other dishes as well, but they were so unremarkable that I don't even remember what they were. I don't know that I would go back for dinner, but maybe for a lunch of salad and goat cheese balls. There are a lot of good concepts on the menu, but the quality of ingredients and execution leaves quite a bit to be desired. I'm curious to try their brunch but there was enough wrong with the dinner that I'm somewhat hesitant.
5	This is the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband.  It's a wonderful experience going there and it won't totally bankrupt you.  Their wines are always amazing.  I'm one of these wine snobs who is also totally ignorant about wine.  I know a good one when I taste it, but can never seem to remember the names and years.  Anyway, the waiters here always hook me up and it's very romantic and lovely.  I haven't been since they moved to downtown CHampaign, are they a tapas place now????
2	Very overrated for the price.  Decor is good but tables are packed closed together.  I found the food to be mediocre - my friend & I had the chef's choice menu and found it quite lacking.
5	Read some of these reviews and it seems people really have it out for this place. I experienced an incredible dinner with engaging and knowledgeable staff at a great price and even had some great jazz playing while we ate. Talked to the table next to us who were experiencing the same thing who then recommended brunch-can't wait to try it later today.
2	Today was my first visit to the new luna, and I was disappointed-- both because I really liked the old cafe luna, and because the new luna came well recommended.  The decor in there is great:  very mod soothing old train station become chic tapas bar.  My initial visual assessment was highly optimistic.We were seated quickly, but when we got to the table there were only 2 menus for 8 people.  The waitress apologized that they were "short on menus."  I don't really understand that, because their menus are printed on paper and the dining area was half full, if that.  But, ok, they were short on menus.  (They also gave us mismatching water glasses.  I care zero about matching water glasses, except in a place that is trying soooooooooooooo hard to be all chic-chic.)The menu shortage (??) probably wouldn't have been so bad (even when accompanied by the mismatched water glasses), but for the fact that they appeared to also be out of almost everything else.  Out of tuna.  Out of mussels.  Out of quiche of the day, risotto of the day, and quiche lorraine.  By noon on monday!  The feeling we had by the time our food showed up was that we basically had the picked over remnant dishes that no one else wanted. That impression was reinforced by the fact that my salmon chowder was definitely the worst soup I have ever been served in a restaurant.  In addition to not really having enough cream to really properly even be called a chowder, the salmon was off.  I would bet the price of the meal that that salmon was saturday (or friday, or thursday) special leftovers.  Yuck.  Oily salmon leftovers.  Neither I nor the other diner in our party who ordered it ate more than 2 bites.  One of the diners in our party saw that I wasn't eating my soup and offered me a taste of hers.  Hers was only marginally better!  A tomato puree that had cinammon in it, for some reason.One of our 8 orders came out wrong.  Etc.  Etc.    The waitress didn't charge us for the soup.  So, that was nice of her.  And she was really very nice and properly embarassed that they were out of everything and screwed up our order and gave us gross soup.  So pretty much one star is for the ambience and one star is for the nice waitress.
4	After all the negative reviews, I was honestly kind of dreading going when my friends asked us out to dine there.  Cafe Luna changed my mind that night.  Now, honestly, I'd been to them back when they were on campus and thought it was homier and the food was actually a bit better, but we still had a really nice night at the new location and a really good meal.  Important note, they have entrees of course, but you can get by easily on their tasty tapas menu.Here's what we had:Mushroom and something crostini - the crostini was a little crispier than I would have preferred and it was quite salty, but my husband ate all of his and he hates mushrooms.Walnut crusted goat cheese balls - WOW were these good.  The cheese was gooey and the bread perfect.  It was drizzled with just a smidge of honey that combined perfectly with it and everything oozed and spread over the bread.  YUMFlank steak over potatoes - very tasty.  The meat was very tender and flavored well and the potatoes were done in just enough oil to be cooked well but not greasy.Potato gnocchi - I didn't think I'd like this as I've only really had gnocchi's that are sooo filling.  These were nice and light, very tender and in a nicely seasoned white sauce.Duck confit ravioli - these were so rich.  Probably one of my lesser yums of the night.  They were just a little too sweet, but I couldn't pinpoint what the taste I wasn't enjoying was coming from.  They were still ok.  The crab cakes were good, but a little on the seafoody side (you know, just a whiff of that clam chowdery smell)  Plus, my personal preference for crab cakes is that I love them really crunchy and deep-fried-y.  They were not mushy, but not crisp.  The sauce they were served with really came to the rescue.  I could have just eaten a bowl of that sauce.  Coconut shrimp - freaking awesome - not much more to say than "wow!"The prosciutto crostini was good.  One of the guys traded his portion of another appetizer to obtain his wife's crostini...it wasn't THAT good :)  We also had salads.  I hate beets so I avoided the special salad of the night even thought they graciously offered to not add beets.  I instead had the house herb dressing salad.  The dressing was great, but the local greens were just a bit too...earthy.  Like sometimes the base of the leaves tasted a little dirty, which I shouldn't complain about, because that's what it tastes like coming out of my garden too.  I think I'm mad about this because I was insanely jealous of my husbands salad, which involved an entire half of a pear, roasted with goat cheese and walnuts.  OOO it looked so good and he didn't even give me a bite! :)  Next time, I'll know what to get.On to service...OK, so I've had some weird experiences there I guess.  This time that we went with our friends, the staff was amazing.  Friendly, and I don't mean the hassling you every 2 minutes and squatting down to take your order type of friendly.  Just genuinely nice and trying to be as helpful as possible, including knowing when to buzz off without being asked to.  The weird part is, I had been in twice before on seperate occasions to see about just getting a table on some random days.  Both times I entered the dining room and got looked at like I was some moron, why was I there?  I don't know what the deal was, but maybe those were the people that were garnering all those bad reviews and maybe they've all been fired because when we went this last time...wow,  excellent.  Enjoy.  I hope they stay consistent and I don't have to eat my words with a new review next time I go.  Summary:  service is better now, order the roasted pear salad and my 2 favorite tapas are walnut/goat cheese balls and coconut shrimp.
1	Luna used to be my favorite restaurant when it was on campus. It has changed. I don't know the reason, but it is just not the same restaurant.The last two times in a row that I went there, someone I was with ordered poultry and received it uncooked. I mean purple and bloody, too, not just slightly pink. I swear to god it could have clucked, Each time, a waitress unapologetically whisked the dish away to be cooked further only to bring it back still bloody. I have never seen poultry THAT undercooked in a restaurant before. Ever. And the cooks couldn't even cook it through the second time? The person who ordered it touched the meat and said it was quite cool. For crissake I know the recession is bad, but can they really not splurge for a frickin meat thermometer?Meat like that should never be served, but the fact that both times it was sent out AGAIN with cold, purple blood-pools inside was just sick. On top of that, the food isn't as good anymore, they took 20 minutes to seat us even though we had a reservation, and they refused to give us any kind of discount even though the meat was not edible! They didn't apologize or act like they cared at all. It kills me to write this, but Luna as C-U knew it is gone.
3	At the old location, this was my favorite restaurant in town. Great staff, great food, and a cozy location.Now, at the new larger place, they seem a bit stretched. When its good, its as good as it was before, but all too often they make mistakes. The waiters deliver to the wrong table, the kitchen can't get out all the dishes to a table at the same time, and if you try to talk to the manager, he mumbles feebly at you.
4	I'm back!  Long hiatus over, back to yelping.Okay, so Luna is quite different from your typical rowdy, downtown Champaign restaurant.  It's a quaint tapas place with outdoor seating reminiscent of a bistro in London or Paris (complete with those cute little outdoor lamp posts too!).Depending on whether you go for the entree or just stick with a few tapas selections to share, you're looking at a bill around $20-ish/person (that's including alcohol, mind you).Their tapas plates are between $5-$7 (round abouts), and they have quite a varied selection.  I've been here a couple times, and both times the wait staff has been quite good (though nothing extraordinary).As far as tapas go, I can't think of another place around Champaign with ingredients quite as fresh, or a menu quite as unique.  If nothing else, try their goat-cheese balls.  Suuuper rich, but suuuuper yummy.  Their duck tapas was really tasty too.Of the two times I went, I pretty much wore shorts and a t-shirt.  Sure, there were patrons all decked out for a fancy night out with their honey, but whatever.... I cheapened the set, haha.Despite the cozy ambiance of their outdoor dining, Luna sits riiight next to the amtrak station, meaning trains roaring past several times a meal.  It's not overly distracting for me, as I worked for a railroad company for a couple summers, but I can see how it would bother others.Long story short, a nice place to go on a date, good food, maybe a bit on the pricey side, big alcohol selection.
3	a recent weekend dinner found the place almost empty at 7pm - maybe 4 tables. we were seated promptly. nice, high ceilinged room.  after we had perused the menu for awhile  & made our choices, our waitress THEN proceeded to tell us what the kitchen was out of  (?) and what the specials were.  we ordered wine, which upon tasting, was so full of sediment it was undrinkable. while she looked on blankly, we suggested a decanter. she brought one back and whisked away the first glass. the wine, once the sediment was gone was good.there were bread plates on the table but we had to ask for bread.the food was different and tasty. while my tofu could have had more flavor, the dish accompaniments made up for it.
5	Luna has excellent food. I've always had a good time every time I've been. Dinner is tapas and various entree's - it changes regularly.I've only gone when I expect to spend a good deal of money, but I've always found it delicious. I prefer to go for the chef's choice special when I can. Less decisions for me and a wide variety of good tapas.I've also been for lunch - its less pricy but still delicious. I didn't expect to be wowed, but I would say their lunch hamburger is the best in town.
2	Was down in good ole chambana visiting some friends and decided to go here for dinner on Sat night.  I had been to the old Cafe Luna when it was on Green St. in my college days.  Anyway, walked it, loved the decor!  We stood by the end of the bar waiting for like 5 minutes, someone came over and said someone would be over to help us.  Then we waited awkwardly for about 5 more minutes.  The same girl came over and was like, do you have a reservation?  We did not so she offered up the bar to have a drink and when a table opened we could sit.  We decided we were just going to eat and drink at the bar.  We got a bottle of chardonnay...it was pretty good and was glad that they knew that it was not oak-y.  We ordered a salad, melting brie pot and lobster & crab stuffed prawns.  Well, the salad was pretty good..but how can you mess up salad.  The melting pot brie....DISAPPOINTMENT!  I was expecting some sort of fondue or something...well it was little potatoes that were halved and spooned out, filled with brie that was melted.  I guess I should have asked but I thought that the name was self sufficient...WRONG.  The potato totally overpowered the brie and you could barely taste it.  I must admit, when I eat brie, I want to EAT brie...I like lots of it.  So I guess that was a bad selection.  Then the "prawns" came out....well it wasnt prawns at all.  It was one very small, what looked like, a crab cake, slathered in guacamole....weird....so we took a bite and were pretty confused so we asked about it because it said stuffed prawns on the menu...well, it so happens that they messed up the order and gave us the crabcake topped with wasabi guac...or something like that.  Their fault so they said they would bring the prawns right out....except the bartender came back from the kitchen and said that they were out of prawns but they could do it with regular shrimp.  We said fine.  They came out (four of them), not stuffed at all.  It literally looked like sauteed shrimp with a touch of crab meat around the edge...unimpressed.  Overall, the dinner was not that good and for the price of everything...it was really overpriced!  I liked the atmosphere but the food is less than desired and $$$.  However, the staff was super nice and always checking up on us.  I didnt have the heart to tell them that most of the food was not great....alas, I will not be going back to Luna.
2	Okay here's the deal, I personally think the food is GREAT! However, the service is so-so and ladies, that's a DEALBREAKER!One time a friend and I showed up around 7 to eat and stood in the doorway for nearly 10 minutes before we decided to blow that joint -- we went to Radio Maria. Way too expensive for crap like that and shuffling, slow waitresses. No I do not want to tip you $20, even though my bill was $100, because You Don't Deserve It! (but I still did anyways...)They're always out of a lot of stuff too.I think they graduated to this bigger, beautiful space, but are still staffing for the hole-in-the-wall they used to be at... pity, pity
4	I haven't been here in several months, but I used to dine here regularly when I lived in C-U. I never had any major complaints-- I had several GREAT meals here (brunch & dinners, including one dinner with great live music). If I could find anything wrong with Luna it is, as others mentioned, the service. The waitresses are hit or miss--sometimes excellent and sometimes moody/incompetent.
4	First off, I was incredibly surprised to find so many offerings for tapas restaurants in little Champaign. Feeling a bit French, I took my mom and sister out for Sunday brunch. I always dissect the menu beforehand, so I was drooling by the time we pulled up in front of Luna. (Of course, I thought the restaurant was on Chester, not Chestnut, so this allowed for a lot of mindless driving and walking before we realized that Luna was adjacent of the train station. Had not expected it to be so close to it.Anyway. On to the review. The place was very nice. My mom commented how much she liked the calm, dimly-lit room, and I agree. Tall ceilings, large windows, and a sidedoor leading out to the outdoor eating area made the restaurant seem bigger than it really was. The tables are arranged very close to each other, but I wasn't able to hear my neighbors' conversations, and I'm pretty sure they didn't hear mine. The bathrooms are awesome. Gray and sleek with lots of mirrors. One thing: why are the toilets set so close to the ground?Now to the food! (And our server.) Wow, first meetings are deceiving. I thought our server (a woman, I forget her name) was a complete bitch because when I asked if the offered brunch items were entree-big, she speared me with a raised eyebrow and said "This is brunch, dear. We don't offer entrees until dinner time." Whoa. My bad on messing up foodie-language. Excuse me. But anyway, I guess because she realized I was a harmless, albeit bumbling, Korean girl with aspirations of high-cuisine, or whatever, she became very nice very quickly. When I asked about what juices she recommended, she said the restaurant was all out, but then brought back three complementary pineapple-mint juices (RESUULLT! oh man, these are to DIE for. Frothy and refreshing, with chunks of pineapple and a hefty dose of mint. MMMMM! I wholeheartedly recommend).We ordered beignets with chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces, the asparagus roesti, Grand Marnier french toast, and Gravad Lox eggs Benedict. SO GOOD. The roesti was basically a skillet of hash, black olives, cherry tomatoes, artichokes, goat cheese, and pesto. OH MAN! I mean, yes, salty because of the olives and cheese, but so good. Piping hot, so that the cheese and pesto just melted atop all the veggies. And the artichokes were cooked wonderfully. I justpoked it with my fork and it fell apart. Mmmm. The french toast - wow. My mom and I had been on a quest to find good french toast (ick, Walker Bros, ick) and we've found it. Thick pieces (so many pieces! Six at the least!) perfectly browned, and then sprinkled with cinnamon and juicy slices of strawberry, and topped with this whipped topping that had apparently been toasted a la creme brulee or something, cuz it had this wonderful browned, burnt topping. My sister's lox benedict: thumbs up. I am not a fan of poached egg, but Luna did it right. The English muffin, I think, was made on the premises, because I've never tasted anything like it. (Again, not a fan of English muffins, but if Luna offered me a lifetime supply, I would take it up in a moment!) She had a side of fresh greens with a zippy sauce that was yum.Oh! And around 1:30 PM, two women sat down in the middle of the restaurant with an accordian and violin, and started playing French music. I loved this. Really did.What gives Luna the four stars? The wait time. Granted, it's Sunday brunch, but I felt the times inbetween the juices and beignets, and the rest of the meal was just way too long. But I will be back to sample the dinnertime tapas! (And expect a review after then too.)
5	Now THIS is how you do tapas.  Hear that, V. Picasso?  Follow Luna's example, and you'll be fine.My greatest regret about Luna was that I'd spent over a year living here without ever going.We went for the tapas and were totally delighted.  We tried fried tofu in a curry sauce that I kind of wanted to drink on its own, a potato gnocchi (also with some sort of curry deliciousness), shrimp scampi with artichoke hearts and goat cheese, and some kind of crostini which also involved a spreadable cheese.  We then dove into not one, but TWO desserts: A fruity, puffy pastry, napoleon-type dessert, and an absolutely orgasmic warm chocolate cake of some sort.  They offered fantastic sangia, caipirinha, and great mixed drinks, like a whiskey-amaretto-ginger ale that was both delicious and plentiful for only $6.The service was prompt and extremely friendly.  The ambiance was classy and kind of romantic.  I loved it.  Loved it.
5	This is the best restaurant in C-U.  We ordered the Parmesan fries, mushroom/gruyere crostinis, potato gnocchi and crab/lobster crab cake tapas to share.  Everything was spot on delicious!  To drink we had a dirty martini (best I've ever had) and the French Horn.  The French Horn was good but a little sour for my tastes.  The atmosphere is very quaint.  I am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime.  I thought it was very reasonably priced for everything we had.  I'd highly recommend Cafe Luna to anybody!
5	Oh man. Croquette Madame and the Croque Monsieur. Seriously killer. It's so delicious and it has to be one of the best sandwiches in the city, by far. It's perfect for a brunch but filling enough for later on too. I also really love how beautiful this restaurant is, it's got a nice French shabby-chic look to it. It's usually fairly empty whenever I'm there, but it still takes a little time to get your food, which I don't mind. I definitely would recommend it anytime you're in town!
4	Among the best restaurants in Chambanavoy (I know that's not saying a whole lot, but still!)Tapas is an awesome concept, and Luna does it well. They always have many small plates to choose from. Even though I'm vegetarian there are always plenty of things on the menu for me.Food has ranged from mediocre to very good. Pesto burgers were definitely the former (I mean seriously, if you're going to mention pesto, shouldn't there be pesto involved in the dish?), roasted garlic was definitely the latter (so simple, so cheap, so tasty). I have to dock a star just because at Luna's price, I don't expect to see any mediocre dishes - and I've definitely had a few there.Service has been very nice and friendly, but also very slow (and it's never been all that busy when I've been there, so that can't be used as an excuse). Put two hours on that meter and set a timer on your phone for 1:55 just in case.It's a little spendy (expect to spend $25+/person + drinks), but if you want a nice meal in Chambanavoy this is about as good as it gets.
4	I've been to Luna twice now in the past month and I have to admit I'm a fan of the food and pleased to say it's one of my favorite spots in Chambana. Great place to take a date.  As it is a tapas place I figured I'd be willing to try something new and different.  The one problem I had, which isn't too much of a problem, is that they changed their menu within the last time I was there.  So within the last month what i was looking forward to ordering was no longer on the menu...weird? Nevertheless, there were plenty of options the second time around for those who are vegetarian and those who are not.  Some of the items on the menu were better than others, I would definitely recommend the roasted garlic spread.  It is practically the best thing on the menu and never disappoints. I imagine that will remain on the menu if nothing else does...One thing that I didn't enjoy was the prosciutto wrapped butternut squash. The squash was great, but the prosciutto was really crunchy and tasteless. Overall a solid restaurant.  If you are considering going to V. Picasso, which is in Urbana, think again. Not nearly as good and has a smaller/weirder selection of tapas.
4	The main thing I like about Tapas is that it lets you try a whole lot of different tastes in one meal so I was happy to find a place in Champaign that has it. I couldn't understand most of the things on the menu and I don't know what they were called there but I had some salmon appetizer with bread, NY Strip steak, Lobster with cauliflower and some vegetables, Crabcake, and the special dessert of the day which was pretty much some foreign sounding vanilla custard with raspberries on top. I asked for Medium well steak but it was definitely well done so it was ok. The salmon appetizer was good, I wish the bread was warmer though.The crabcakes and lobster were very good. The custard was typical and should have just been called custard instead of whatever fancy name it had.If you want to have a good experience here, you should really consider having an appetizer, main course, dessert, and drinks. And bring at LEAST $40/person.
2	Maybe I'm not in the right crowd to enjoy the food. The feeling was far too pretentious for my taste, and the food was quite underwhelming.
5	I'm going to start out my review by saying this is my favorite place to get Sunday brunch in Champaign.  I almost took off a star for... reasons I will explain momentarily, but don't go thinking "oh, only 4 stars, I can get this brunch elsewhere in town."  You can't.  It's also cheaper and better to go here than Jim Gould or Radio Maria, the other Sunday Brunch games in town.I'm also hesitant to write a super glowing review because if suddenly everyone started to go there and I had a super long wait, I would cry.The service used to be ridiculously bad, as previous reviews have stated, but obviously somebody had a word with somebody, because the last several times I have been there, this is no longer the case.The omelets are delicious.  I don't like omelets because they're hard and brown on the outside, but not so at Luna.  Soft oozy egg.  I'm sure some people would say they're not cooked enough, but those people are just so wrong.  And the choices of omelet are delicious, as are the roasted potatoes and petite salad that comes with the omelet.I get muesli every time I go, because I'm like that and it's Really Good, but if I weren't on a quasi-diet I'd get beignets instead.  Admittedly, I tend to be more pro-coffee than pro-cocktail in the AM, but if you're the mimosa/bloody mary type, they've certainly got them.  I don't know where they get it, but the coffee is good too.It's not perfect.  The cinnamon rolls were only ok.  I've had avocado issues.  One time the kitchen forgot to put it in the omelet, and the next time they didn't have avocado and the waiter didn't tell me my omelet was coming out sans avocado.  A Chicago reviewer would say "there are kinks."  I must say however, it's delicious, and you should totally go.
2	I have had two experiences at Luna Cafe, one of which was good. Went there a long time ago with my mom and little sister, and loved the atmosphere and thought the food was decent. The second time we went my entire family (8 of us) went after my little sister's graduation from high school. We made a reservation to do the "Chef's Special" meal in which you are given 8 to ten courses of tapas not on the menu that the chef creates.We showed up at 5:30 or 6, when our reservation was, and they were very under prepared. We were also all STARVING, and my grandfather is diabetic, and after being seated requested some bread or a started to help tide us over until the food arrived. She brought the table of 8 four slices of bread. About a half an hour after arriving we got the first dish, and the others followed, each taking about 30 or so minutes. The dishes were EXTREMELY underwhelming, and the first 4 or 5 were cold. ONE shrimp, or ONE small slice of cheese. There is no way these could count as tapas. They were bites. Needless to say, very disappointing, not worth the hefty price tag.
5	Absolutely delicious. Service was great-especially since it was spring break and it was not crowded. The tapas were great portions. Tried the walnut goat cheese balls with honey...divine!!!  The mussels in spicy curry were tasteful, not really spicy at all though. The slow cooked pork shoulder with baked apple, brie, and onion relish had a wonderful presentation.  Initially I thought the shredded pork was dry, but  eaten with onion relish, very tasty.  My husband had the pesto burgers with onion straws on a crostini, those three burgers disappeared so quickly from his plate, I didn't even get a little taste!? Overall an enjoyable dinner.
4	Enjoy the ambiance of Luna and there is solid food for the price. A bit skimpy on the vegetarian/vegan options, however I've seen a few more added in the past few years.
2	This should be a great restaurant.  It's in a great location, the menu is interesting, and they have a good wine selection.  But this is not a great restaurant; it's a lazy restaurant.  It's a restaurant that is confident that there aren't other good restaurants in town, and that they can coast a little bit because we have no real choice when we want good food.  Alas for you Luna, you are deceived because  this is not true anymore. There are a lot of good places to eat now.  And in those places, the tables aren't jammed together so closely that you can hear the most intimate details of strangers' conversations (spoiler alert: the conversations are about whether other people can hear the conversation). And in those other places, the portions are not tiny, like sad little retro homages to late 80s nouvelle cuisine. And in those other places, the food arrives at your table in under 40 minutes. I really used to like how haphazard Luna was when it was on campus. There was a sort of charm in not really knowing if you would get the food you ordered. But this charm has worn thin, and the last time I ate at Luna (last week), the disjunction between the price and the quality of the food was too great.  No way.
1	Food was overpriced and low quality.  Service was very slow during lunch hour and servers didn't bring out some drinks and amenities even after being asked twice.  Orders were messed up.  Very unorganized.  We ordered the Luna Club which was greasy and a salad which was drowned in dressing.  Had to ask for silverware.  2 hours for lunch is too long.
4	The food at Luna is quite good and they have a nice bar. I feel that the food is a bid overpriced for what you get though.The seating in the restaurant is also pretty uncomfortable even though the atmosphere is very nice. So far I have had good service at this restaurant and I do enjoy their tapas. Sometimes it is difficult to find close by parking since it is on the street and metered until 9 PM during the week.
3	Nice ambiance but portions are kinda small.
2	This was my first dining experience at Cafe Luna and unfortunately I cannot say it was great. Pros: the beignets were tasty and so was the sandwich. Nice portions as well. Cons: -I was seated without a menu. They could have at least said it would be a few minutes until the newly printed menus were ready. -I ordered the beignets and they forgot to put chocolate sauce on the plate. -The croque monsieur sandwich took about 35 minutes (I know baked menu items take longer but still...) and it wasn't even hot. I'll do Sunday brunch somewhere else!
5	Tapas. We ordered the first seven appetizers on the menu and they were all perfect. How is that possible? All 7 appetizers perfectly done. We were not in a Michelin star restaurant in New York or LA. This was Champaign, Illinois- a university town. I did not expect such impeccably crafted food and such top notch service but then again I found it here. Food this good merits 5 stars. Deeply satisfying and perfect for a quiet date or even a night out with friends. Again, I only tried the tapas. I see no reason why the rest of the menu won't impress.
1	OK- this review has been a long time coming.  I have visited Luna four times now and each time is worse than before.  First off, the service is always slow and they seem to consistently be out of specials.  I have gone for lunch multiple times and it always averages two hours b.c. the service is soooo slow.  Now, onto my dinner last night.  I sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine- which promptly came in a dirty glass complete with a lip imprint!  The waitress apologized and then announced she was the only server in the whole restaurant and the place was full!  She also mentioned that they started their new menu last night and she had no idea what was on it.  Classy. I ordered the lobster ravioli and after 10 minutes, she returned and said "I don't know why this is the special.  The chef is searching for the pasta."  No thank you.  I changed my order to the chicken dijonaise.  It came out looking decent until I took a bite.  There was so much salt on it, I couldn't eat it.  This place is so overrated it's not even funny.  I wouldn't be surprised if they closed down soon and honestly hope they do.  The service is awful, food is less than mediocre, and it's overpriced.
1	Let me start by saying, if zero stars were an option, that's what they'd get! Not once, not twice, but I made three separate visits to Luna, each one worse than the last! I will speak of my last visit because it's fresh in my mind!It was Monday night, 10/03/2011 around 6:45pm. I stood at the door for the better part of 10 minutes before I grabbed my own menu and finally seated myself. I saw the waitress running around the restaurant, frantically trying to accommodate everybody. She finally made her way over to me and took my drink order. Since I had ample time to look over the menu, I already knew what I wanted and had placed my food order at that time as well.I ordered the fried goat cheese as an appetizer and the Filet--cooked MEDIUM! My goat cheese came out about 5 minutes after ordering. Looked great...but she forgot my bread. When I got her attention and asked her for the bread that is suppose to be served with the goat cheese, she told me they didn't have any fresh bread ready, but there was some in the oven. Needless to say, 10 minutes had passed before my bread came out! Now my goat cheese was cooled and not easily spreadable! From that point, I waited for an additional 15 minutes before my meal came out. It looked great! The seasoned fries that came with the fillet were pretty good. As I sliced into my fillet, a pool of blood came gushing out!!! I cut the fillet in half, down the middle and spread it apart. It was so red and bloody, it almost looked purple! The center of the fillet was cool to the touch! I immediately got the attention of the frazzled server and brought it to her attention. She apologized and took the steak back to the kitchen to be put back on the grill. I sat and waited another 15 minutes before I saw my fillet again. It was the same piece of meat brought back out with fresh garnishments. I parted the fillet once again, only to find my steak was just as bloody and bright red as the first time! Now I'm livid! It was once again, cool to the touch! Keep in mind, I'm paying almost $30 for this dinner, without appetizer or drink. I brought the server back over and asked her if she thought my fillet was cooked medium...she hung her head in shame, apologized once again, and agreed with me that the fillet sitting in front of me was nowhere near medium. She pulled the plate back and was going to take it back to the kitchen when I stopped her and told her to box it up, and I will take it home and cook it myself! I gave Luna 2 different opportunities and around 90 minutes of my time, only to be disappointed again! I boxed up my fillet, paid my bill, and left the restaurant mad, once again! The only thing she did to compensate me for my experience was, a free drink. Meanwhile, I paid a $42 bill, for a horrible dinner, for myself! The service sucks, their attitude is horrible and the food is so overpriced! If the owner would call me today and offer me a free meal, I would hang up on her! I'm never going back! I've wasted enough time and money in that place! If you choose to go, best of luck!LUNA GETS SHUT DOWN FOR HEALTH VIOLATIONS!  PLEASE READ...http://cu-citizenaccess.org/content/new-records-show-more-restaurant-inspection-failures
1	Uggggg....OK, so I used to love Luna when it was on campus.  LOVE. IT.  Which I guess is why I have repeatedly attempted to continue my love affair at the new location.  First and second, I went with a group for brunch.  The place was nearly empty the first time, but we waited forever for the food.  My second trip, our group had reservations and we still waited 45 minutes! I enjoyed my breakfasts (poached egg  with lox) but the service was suck.Third (and I'm afraid final) visit was a disaster.  This was another large-ish group (about 12) with reservations.  Drink orders were taken but never filled.  Our food orders were not taken at the same time; not even close.  I was the last person to order food (by about 20 minutes) but the first person to receive my meal.  On the other hand, my husband didn't receive his dinner until after the rest of us had eaten!  All of this happened while thirsty patrons are still waiting for their first drinks.I ordered risotto that night.  Mistake.  It was like a sticky sort-of rice pudding that was cold and just all wrong.  The very delicious-looking fries were sort of like my risotto, cold and wrong.  The steaks that my friends ordered looked great, but some were not cooked to order.I think the most annoying part of the night was that the restaurant will not accept more than two credit cards from a party.  They will split up the check, but they will only allow two parties to use plastic.  In this day and age, I don't know how this kind of policy could even be imagined, but we asked the waitress to combine some checks so that we could accommodate.  Of course that was all wrong and took another half hour.I also wish they wouldn't cram their tables they way they do, especially next to the door.  It's so cold, loud and crowded.  And by the way, on our way out the back to parking lot, I could hear all of the employees in the kitchen yelling about how they couldn't wait to get out of there and that they hated being there...my sentiments exactly.
1	I just read that this place was temporarily shut down by health inspectors for scoring -9 out of 100 on their inspection.  Disgusting!
3	The last time I ate at Luna, service and attention to detail in the kitchen was spotty, though the food was still delicious.Thinking that everything would probably be fine this time, we decided to take my brother and his girlfriend (both visiting from NYC) for brunch this weekend.  I called up the night before and was surprised to hear that they were closed Thursday and Friday for Thanksgiving.  They would, however, be open at 10am for brunch on Saturday, according to the message on their machine.  So, I went ahead and made reservations for 10:30 the next morning on their website.Cue 10:30 the next morning, and the doors are locked at Luna with nobody inside....and a note on their door saying they will be open at 10am on Saturday.I tried calling twice.  It rang and rang and finally just beeped at me--not even the same message as the night before.  Just...nothing.Classy.
3	I have a few qualms with Luna. I want to love it, I really do, but I just can't. -The first time I went there was with a large party for Mom's weekend and we had a reservation. We ended up waiting an hour to be seated. There was no sitting area, just a hallway so it was rather uncomfortable. When we were finally seated, we had a delicious meal.+Second time I went there was for a date with my boyfriend. We are both vegetarians and we had no problems finding enough food to eat. We left full and a little tipsy (good wine!).-I went for a third time recently with my two roommates and it was a disaster. There was hardly anyone at the restaurant but we still had terrible service. They seemed understaffed, apparently due to rehearsal dinner going on simultaneously.  I can give some leeway on that, but there was no excuse for the kind of neglect we received. My friend had a very rare steak that took forever to be sent back. We were out of drinks for a very long time, and we needed other things that a more attentive waitress would have easily noticed. I want to love this place but service is a huge deal for me. It's disappointing that Luna can't excel in this because I do think they have some good food.
3	I don't really go to places that are a bit nicer like Luna very often, usually frequenting greasy spoons, so I was both excited and nervous about coming here. The reviews are all over the place and many of them criticize the service. In my experience, it was the exact opposite. The service was perfect. We went full tapas and they were all expertly timed, the waitress was attentive but not to excess, and all the service was very prompt and friendly. The atmosphere was perfect, and I didn't recognize issues with being seated too close that some had.The tapas themselves are where the place got knocked down to 3 stars. It was certainly good, but not particularly special - the concept of the dishes fit into the paradigm of slightly more upscale food than most places locally, but the taste couldn't keep up. Truffle fries were good, but not fantastic - missing a key essence that I can't put my finger on. The crostini were too chewy and awkward to eat, as was the bread in general. The charcuterie platter was edible, but lackluster. The ceviche and walnut-encrusted goat cheese with caramelized onions were excellent, but they couldn't carry the rest of the tapas - especially at the price. Overall, Luna isn't a bad restaurant, but it needs to try a little harder to live up to what it's trying to do.
1	I WOULD RATHER EAT OUT OF THE GARBAGE ... than eat at Cafe Luna again.The day we went they had a set menu for $45 a person. 4 courses. Without exaggeration, THE FOOD WAS DISGUSTING. This was my first time here, so I didn't know what to expect. The restaurant looked nice, good atmosphere. The service was fine.FIRST COURSE: Lox with cream spread and bread and OystersThe salmon tasted like it was two weeks old. It had that rancid fish smell you get when you buy old discount fish from meijer. The oysters were the same. Terrible.SECOND COURSE: Coconut Shrimp and Mixed greens with beetsThe Coconut Shrimp tasted like it came straight from the buffet line at a cheap Chinese restaurant. Cheap quality. I wouldn't be surprised if it came from some frozen bag at costco. Mixed greens with beets was pretty good. THIRD COURSE: New York Strip Steak and Lamp ChopsI swear on my life this is the worst steak I've ever had. The meat was tough and stringy. It was WAY over-seasoned. And it was like 50% tough, inedible fat. I could make a better steak when I was 12. The Lamb Chops were so tough, we couldn't even eat them. DESSERT: Berry pastry, flourless chocolate cake, and some shitty marshmallow thing covered in chocolate and coconutWhat can I say? Dessert was the best part of the meal. And it was still awful. The pastry was fine. Nice and flaky. However, the flourless chocolate cake (portion was the size of my thumb) was subpar, and the marshmallow dessert tasted like sugared tar. It was impossible to chew.Dropped $120 with tip (two people) for the worst food I've ever had at a respectable looking restaurant. I understand it was a set menu day and their tapas are better. However, what self-respecting chef/cook serves food this low-quality to anyone on anyday? I enjoy good food, but I'm definitely no snob. This was just unacceptable.
4	Unable to get in to the restaurant we wanted, discovered Luna by chance. Although it was busy, the host found us two seats at the bar, and we had a wonderful time. Although the bartender was new, and had to ask the host about our questions on the menu items, the service was lovely, ambiance very warm and inviting and the food superb! Every item we ordered was a symphony to our palettes. The owner/chef, Raquel Aikman, came out to inquire how we enjoyed it, and we had a lovely chat. Will be back!!
2	A place Gordon Ramsay should visit.
3	So, when you show up at the restaurant and tell the hostess you love the menu online, and she replies 'Oh that?  We, like, changed our menu, like, 6 months ago'... and then you are seated in a completely empty restaurant when said restaurant is participating in the supposed restaurant week... you'd be concerned, right?  Yeah, my friend J and I were ready to bolt!  But...Amazing drinks (none of which I can remember exactly, and the online menu doesn't show drinks beyond wine... one may have had cucumber in it..?).  Some pretty darn tasty small plates (none of which I can remember... and the online food menu looks the same as when I was there in mid-July).Hate the location, at least 1-2 blocks away from anything else that's cool.  Our waitress was ditzy and couldn't handle us + the table of four women that came in after we'd been there for about 45 minutes, at the same time.  The restaurant week menu was lame with no real choices (I'm obviously spoiled in Detroit... and how sad is that... because we have OPTIONS with our restaurant week menus).
3	Food was good but not hot. Service was lacking and slow. With many empty tables it was a surprise that getting another drink or being offered dessert was difficult.
3	I have had good experiences at Luna, but today was just ok.  Four of us went for brunch and even though we had a reservation, it took a while to get seated. The service was a bit slow, but it was pretty busy.The pear beignets were yummy and the coffee was good. The entrees were a little disappointing especially since I've had a good brunch here before. We ordered the croque monsieur and swiss roesti.  Both come with a fried egg on top, but the egg yolks were hard and not runny at all - maybe because our food sat under the heat lamp or broiler for too long. I will go back because I want to give Luna another change to make my brunchy dreams come true.
1	They took down my review twice..... It was not offensive at all except stating the facts. Yelp should stop letting the owners easily taking off the reviews......
4	My favorite place to get brunch in this neck of the woods. The beignets and eggs benedict are killerrrr. I will say however the staff is a little too unattentive for a 5 star review
