4	quaint, old and intimate theatre in downtown champaign.  great assortment of indie flicks but starting to carry some good mainstream as well.  single theatre with several showings and online ticket sales.  staff are dedicated to the preservation of the theatre.  really fun place to meet friends, see a film, then walk to a local bar and discuss.
4	Despite the big boom of multiplex theaters, Boardman's single - screen theater is still going strong. You can expect affordable concessions and movie tickets. If you so desire, you may purchase your ticket(s) in advance or checkout the upcoming flicks on their website: http://www.boardmansarttheatre.com/
5	Ah Boardman's I'll miss you; our cherished love affair is over! Ever since I moved to Normal, and the closest indie theatre at my parent's in Chicago is a Loew's I've been pining. Pining! Thanks for bringing me movies I couldn't see elsewhere in central IL; especially The Dreamers and Goodbye Lenin and countless others.
5	Great movies, yummy pretzels. Plus, you are supporting a small, independent theater which should be important to you if you consider yourself a lover of films!
4	I love these types of theaters. I caught the girl who played with fire here. The seats were comfortable enough. I could sit close to the screen and not have to crane my neck. The sound was good but the picture was a little jumpy. I like there upcoming movies. It always seems like something good is playing here. I am sure I will return here many times.
5	I love the Art Theatre in its new permutation: they serve booze! They sell Heineken tall boys along with a bunch of other big beers, sangria, wine and mixed drinks at reasonable prices. This is the perfect follow up to a nice dinner at Sushi Kame or some other place downtown, and only increases the enjoyment of movies, IMHO. They also have high quality popcorn (with multiple flavored toppings) and a wide selection of high quality candy (they even used to carry Flatlander Chocolate :( RIP).Helping things along is a great website for the theater and an email list you can get on that lets you know what they are showing. Before each film, a film geek gives a 5 minute presentation about the movie you are about to see, helping to put the film in context and increase overall appreciation. They don't pick just any old flick to show at this theater either; whoever selects the movies does a great job and has something interesting every week. If you haven't been, check it out.
2	Their PDF brochure advertises Let the Right One In as their late night movie for November 5 and says to check their site for show time. But their site doesn't mention it. Their infoline doesn't mention anything for tonight. I can't get a hold of ANYONE by phone because it's just an automated recording. Their fax number doesn't even work. So, is Let the Right One In showing or not? Apparently the only way to find out is to take the MTD all the way over there at 10:00 at night in the cold and hope it wasn't a completely wasted trip only to find their doors are locked. It's a nice independent theater, but they certainly need to get their act together when it comes to accurate advertising and communication.
5	Excellent fixture in downtown Champaign. Great selections of indie films.
5	Great independent or otherwise non-mainstream movies can be found here. The Art Theater is a cozy little theater with great prices and as an added bonus they serve alcohol.I love going to The Art with friends or family just to get away from the Hollywood main-stream films at the two conglom-o-theaters in town.
5	The Art Theater is one of my absolute favorite places in Champaign. Since the theater came under new ownership (Sanford Hess), this place has undergone a huge transformation: better movies, better concessions (alcohol!), and an owner who is always receptive to customers.The theater screens multiple films each week, including the regular feature, weekend late-night movies, and ballets and/or operas on weekend afternoons. I absolutely love the selection of films that Sanford chooses, and, while I may not actually enjoy every one, the fact that he's worked so hard to appeal to diverse tastes while consistently bringing in quality films is exactly what makes this theater so great. Sanford even gives an introduction before each screening, which adds that personal touch that you just can't get at the Bev or Savoy.Simply put, you couldn't ask for a better movie-going experience. And did I mention they serve booze? ;)
5	I love the Art Theatre. It plays a decent assortment of international films and indy films. The concessions include beer and wine and better food than the typical movieplex. It is clean and has a wonderful sound system, the seats are comfortable and the staff are intelligent and ready to converse with you about the films or whatever.
5	They show great movies, and often if you see something being released 'in select theaters', it will be the Art Theater you go to. I saw Jane Eyre there when I had almost given up hope in seeing it in this area. Picture was great. Sound was great. You can have alcohol there with your movie. The bartender was great and the drinks were all reasonably priced. You also get a discount with your student id, and the lady that checks you out when you buy your tickets is always friendly and suggesting which wine you should choose or what brownie/cookie to go with it.The seats to me were just a little bit uncomfortable. It's an older theater. They were kind of stiff with a short, straight back.Still, overall it was a great experience. It's also in a great location near a parking lot, on a nice street for browsing on a Friday/Saturday night. It's near a lot of great restaurants, so it makes a good dinner/movie date combination. I recommend eating dinner at Sushi Kame, then walking down to the theater and having their delicious cookies/brownies for dessert with an after dinner drink - all while you watch a movie.
5	This is by far the best theater in town, and Sanford, the owner, is obviously passionate about films and always brings in the best line-up.  He also cares about the community and the snack/drink options are wonderful.  Don't miss out on this place!
4	I've never been to a non-commercial theater before, so I thought this was really cool. I was here a few weeks ago with a group to watch A Separation (good film, btw!).I really liked the feel of this theater. It's downtown and has a lit-up marquee. You might miss this gem when you walk through the doors, but above the doors is a mural of moviegoers and each one is an iconic film character/star (e.g. Blues Brothers, Marilyn Monroe, Frankenstein's monster, etc.)I did notice they had a little bar set up with their snacks so that you can sip on beer or wine.The theater itself was pretty cozy. It definitely had some wear and tear, but if you were approaching the Art Theater positively, then it kind of lent to a nice homey feeling. (If you were already miserable at being dragged there, then... you just found another thing to complain about. :P)I was expecting the theater to play just super over-my-head artsy films (and I'm a bit of a movie snob) but the selection is not super high brow. ALSO, they don't play commercials before their films, FYI. Only movie trailers.In short, I liked it and if I'm in the area, I'll definitely try to stop by.
4	Best in town, but be warned that they turn the air off when movie starts. It can get warm.
5	Wait...a reasonably-priced movie theater??? In 2012????Old movie theaters are the best. It's one thing to go see something in an IMAX theater -- that can be fantastic, depending on the movie -- but every movie I've seen at The Art has made me so happy. Documentaries, indie films, and main-stage movies...they're all featured here at The Art, and each movie seems more personal in a smaller space with a smaller audience. Very close to good restaurants and bars that you can go to before or after a film.Make sure you get a punch card for free popcorn!
5	8-4-12Probably helps that I saw Safety Not Guaranteed which was hilarious but this place is FANTASTIC!$22 for two people--movie tickets, medium popcorn (it was really good popcorn!), large soda AND a candy!  And just an FYI--they serve booze here too!  This is a gem of a business that shows off the beaten path movies at a very reasonable price.  I don't live in town but if I did I think I would have bought a share of the coop that will be running it.  Love the local business doing it right.  Nothing wrong with a big corporate movie theater but I honestly can't remember the last good film I saw in one.  Kudos to The Art!  Next time I am in town, I am checking you out.
5	The Art is awesome. The ticket prices are below average, their concessions are very inexpensive, they play great movies that are too "arty" for mainstream theaters, and they genuinely seem to care about making your theater going experience a good one. If you're a fan of foreign films, documentaries, or any sort of domestic films that mainstream theaters find too "financially risky," then this is for you. The late-night movies are particularly good. Lately, they've been playing lots of classics. Where else are you going to see Taxi Driver or Mulholland Drive playing on a 35mm print? Outstanding all around.
5	one screen.  no previews.  free drink refills.  this is what a theater should be.  classic reruns and first run movies that are typically in the indie genre but top notch.  saw Mud here recently and really enjoyed the experience.
5	I'm extremely biased (as a co-op member) but the Art is the best place I've ever seen a movie at. The place is an old-school art-house theater with one screen. The showtimes vary a bit day-to-day, but generally they show more recent independent features during the daytime and second-runs at night. Tickets are really reasonably priced (I think the student price is $7) and concessions are great. I don't like popcorn, but the cookies are $3 (and Pekara made, sweet!) and they offer mixed drinks for $6. I'm especially fond of the mixed drinks, which feature really good spirits (their bourbon is Makers 46, which... wow.) The movie selection is also great. The independent films are almost always good and very rarely super-pretentious, and the late night films are always good. The first time I saw Cabin In the Woods here was my second favorite movie experience ever; the crowd was raucous and engaged. Plus, they show cult films (do not miss the annual showing of The Room in February- weekend showings are the best) and occasionally have film festivals or special events. Recently, they brought in the Andrew Alden Ensemble to play a live score to Vampyr, which was unbelievably cool. The Art's fantastic. It blows other art-house theaters I've been to out of the water. Hands down my favorite spot in Champaign.
5	Although this theater could really use serious renovations, I really love the ambiance of seeing a movie here. They give a speech before the film usually telling you interesting things about the director or something to look for in the film. People who go here love film and you can feel that when you are watching the movie. The experience is awesome.
5	I love seeing movies at the Art.  If there's a movie that is limited release, the Art can usually be counted on to bring it to Champaign.  They play many of the oscar nominated movies - even those from lesser known categories, like foreign language film and short film. Overall, I've always had a positive experience here.
5	It is now a co-op theatre and the only one in the country. It is fantastic to go and have a whiskey or a beer while you watch your film, too.
5	What a gem for downtown Champaign. The Art Theater does cozy and welcoming the right way - with booze and smiles.Beer, wine, liquor and great popcorn every night. If you haven't been, go.
