5	Great placeArtistically design foodAnd live bandPrice is a little high But coupons available
5	Fresh stylish sushi.  Go try this place and help them to succeed.  We were there Saturday night. Great big martini glasses filled with a beautiful presentation of fresh sashimi.  Everything was very good!
2	My brother and I went here yesterday because I bought the Living Social deal. The staff was very attentive from the moment I walked in and sat down (mostly because they were dead, on a Monday afternoon, too). The place was a decent size and looked nice and clean.This is why Go Wild gets 2 stars from me:When the waitress saw my Living Social deal ($20), she stated that it could not be used on any lunch specials or combination specials, which was fine because some restaurants have a "catch" to these deals. So, we decided to order a few regular-priced rolls that equaled (and was even more than) the amount of the deal. On top of that, we wanted to go ahead and get the lunch special anyway because the $20 amount was fulfilled. The waitress told us that we couldn't do this even though we were ordering more than the $20 worth of regular-priced sushi. It didn't make sense why they wouldn't let us order the lunch special after that, and the waitress should have asked her manager if it was okay, because in most DECENT restaurants that care about their customers, it would be.Furthermore, the sushi was just okay.  We ordered tuna sashimi, the Japanese lasagna, the 007 roll, and vegetable tempura. Everything came out fine, nothing spectacular. This place has changed its name so many times since it has opened as a sushi restaurant; maybe because of poor management. I don't know. I wouldn't go here again because of the experience we had there. My brother is a server and fully understands how the restaurant business works, and even he disagreed with their ridiculous policy.
5	Go for the service, stay for the food!!  Gorgeous atmosphere!I am going to start my review of Go Wild Sushi with the incredible service.  I came here on Wednesday afternoon around 4 pm.  I walked in carrying an arm load of books ( I am in the Nursing program at CSN) and was promptly greeted by a man who I think was the owner.  I told him it was just me and that I was there to eat and get lots of studying done.  He sat me in my own section away from the middle of the room where it was a bit noisy.  He took my drink and appetizer order and before I knew it, it was sitting in front of me!  My water was refilled often and they allowed me to delay my order for a bit.  Towards the end of my dining experience,  I over heard my waitress tell the next waitress ( I was there through the shift change) not to bother me too much as I was trying to study, but refill my water often!  Really, what 5 star service!  I will be here often between my classes just for the service!Oh yeah, the food was great too!  The salmon sashimi comes in this huge martini glass and tastes wonderfully fresh.  I also order a spicy tuna which I wasn't crazy about but sometimes it can just be too spicy!  They have so many rolls it's mind boggling!   The menu has dinners, noodles, and many other traditional dishes.  I can't wait to try more!
5	will definitely go back to this place. after its name being changed several times, i must say, the ownership now has done it right. service is unbeatable and they kicked it up a notch with their food(sushi rolls). we got the baked scallop roll, sex on the beach, and crazy wild salmon(???). they were so flavorful and delicious! good job 'go wild sushi and grill'!
3	I want to say that the decor is amazing, the staff is pretty nice. BUT i didnt think the sushi was anything special. I would say it was mediocre. There are other places that are cheaper and have the same quality of food. Also the food was extremely expensive, about $12 a roll. You can go down the street and pay an extra $10 and get all you can eat.
4	A Living Social deal brought us here on a Thursday night after an intensive work out session. We sat at the bar and just had our favorite food....sushi! The unagi and albacore was pretty fresh, but other than that the quality was good. Everything was just sooooo spicy, roll wise and I couldn't eat it! There's a pretty large selection of specialty rolls to choose from, but I am more a nigri person. Service was attentive as they weren't too busy on a rainy Thursday night. Overall, I think the bill came out to about 50 something bucks with the Living Social Deal taken out. It is almost worth it to just go to your favorite AYCE at this point, but the lunch special and dinner specials might be worth a try.
4	I'd give this place 4.5 stars but that's not an option. The lunch specials are great. I had a few (ok many) special requests and they had no problem with any of them and gave me no attitude. The food was really good. I can't say it blew me away but then again I had a lunch box which wasn't exactly anything special. The chicken was lean, the california roll was fresh and the salad was tasty. Will definitely add to my list of sushi joints!
5	We went there with a restaurant.com coupon thinking that we should try a different sushi place for a change. It was after 3pm and they have happy hours 3-6pm half off ALL SUSHI ROLLS everyday!! So we decided not to use the coupon this time. Excellent sushi. Sooo fresh. Great price! Nice server we got and a very friendly manager. Will definitely come back for more!
5	I'm really digging this place. Have gone a few times now. Lots of cool rolls to chose from and really pretty presentation. The sashimi comes in an ice packed oversized martini glass. Also had  live jazz. Always enjoy a place where the chefs are having fun. Lots of toasting and laughing. Nice place to hang with your friends. Prices reasonable. Its can get a bit loud when the bands going. Not a bad place to bring kids since there is so much going on and you don't have to worry about their noise so much. Also awesome giant tvs everywhere so you can watch events. Would be a fun place to throw a party.
5	This is one of the better sushi place in town. Very large and clean inside and the servers were very helpful with suggestions! The food was AMAZING, every single roll we had was so flavorful. They even suggested a roll that was on fire when it was served! My son loved that part! Friday nights they have live music and next time we will go later to be there for that.
4	CLIFF NOTES: I love the quality of food served here and I love the sushi chefs, but their servers aren't so great. DETAILS: Many of their rolls are cream cheese laden or fried, which isn't really my thing - HOWEVER, the quality of their fish is outstanding and I was perfectly happy with my ornately prepared order of sashimi. Beware of ordering drinks during happy hour; I was in a group of 4, so only two of us ordered beers with the intention of giving the two free drinks to the remaining two diners. The waitress conveniently misunderstood and brought us two drinks for each diner. Thankfully, the beers were unopened so we were able to return them after a bit of an uncomfortable conversation.
2	Sushi was just okay.
4	Really liked the decor, you can tell the restaurant is new, hopefully it stays nice.  They had a big screen with random live concerts playing, kinda weird but whatever I didn't mind. They do have some people come in and play live jazz on Friday and Saturday nights (note to self: come back Friday or Saturday night).    We had an avocado "roll", more on that later, a fire dragon roll, some baked green mussels, 1/2 dozen oysters, and some gyoza. The sushi chefs had a gong to ring when they had an order ready, kinda cool.  The food was really good, the mussels were some of the best I've had, oysters very fresh.  The rolls were really creative and tasty; the avocado roll wasn't a roll at all but an avocado bomb as my fiance gently reminded me basically took an avocado and stuffed it with spicy tuna, soft shell crab, and eel sauce.  The fire dragon roll was lit on fire with a blowtorch, anything cooked with a blowtorch is good btw.  the gyoza was standard.     For only one waitress working there she was doing a good job, we weren't neglected but if there were more customers she probably would have been overwhelmed. Happily she wasn't.    I'm coming back here.
1	Purchased a $50 COUPON FOR THIS RESTAURANT FOR $20. THROUGH IGOOPON (SUCKASS GROUPON WANNA-BES THAT RIPP PEOPLE OFF) AND WHEN WE WENT TO THE RESTAURANT THEY TOLD US TO USE THE COUPON WE HAD TO PURCHASE $100. WORTH OF FOOD!!!    We lost $20 but will never go back!Stay away from IgooPon.com
4	The food and ambiance were fantastic.  We all enjoyed our dinner of albacore, yellowtail and salmon sushi, chicken yakisoba, beef teriyaki, a spicy tuna and philly roll, and red snapper sashimi with olive oil, black pepper and green onions.  The friendly, helpful staff was also a plus.  I know this wasn't a very descriptive review, but I'm about to be called to a poker table!
5	Whenever I'm eating sushi, I usually go for the AYCE because I love my sushi and I eat entirely too much of it. On occasion, I can be convinced to go to a non-AYCE, if it's really, really good or I can find a bargain. In this case, I had a Groupon for Go Wild Sushi.Let's start with the nigiri. In a word - awesome. The salmon, super white tuna, and yellowtail were fresh and tasted wonderful.Then came the rolls. The rolls are half off, all day, every day. Except when a coupon is involved. It is posted somewhere (according to the waitress) but I didn't see it. Fortunately, they were very nice and only charged one of my three rolls at full price, and the rest at half. I didn't even have to ask. What great service.Speaking of service, it was awesome. My water glass was always full, someone was always coming by and checking on us, and, in generaly, they were just super nice.The restaurant had a nice ambiance: upbeat music, dim lights, and pretty decor to look at. The booths were interesting, as they were all U-shaped. Even the smaller ones for two people. Not the curvy U's either, more the angular U's. I liked them - it created a "deeper" booth and a pseudo-intimate experience in a rather spacious restaurant.I'll definitely be coming back again, sans the Groupon.
1	So I came across this place via Groupon.  I check reviews before I purchase on groupon and it had a decent rating and some great suggestions.  Upon arrival, I noticed a sign in the front that said Attn: Groupon users, Groupon not eligible on Happy Hour Rolls/Specialty Rolls.  I ordered a 3 rolls which I only received 1 roll, hamachi Kama, and the udon tempura. The female manager came up and apologized for the wait in the rolls and than apologized that I never received the 2 other rolls.  The sushi chefs seemed to be drinking sake bomb after sake bomb and slacking on the rolling!  Also, their marketing gimmick is 50% rolls (Normal avg. price $15) then they give rolls for $7.50 but do give small portions.  The food that did come was ok at best.  Staff definitely needs to improve on their customer service and get those rolls on the table.   BTW, this is a Korean owned Japanese restaurant.
5	Went last night with the family and had a great time! They had live music, which is always great!!   We had fun watching the the sushi chefs make these saki/beer bombs at the sushi bar, very theatrical :)) My husband, said "next time he would sample this concoction". Tried a lot of different rolls and my new favorite is "avacado bam", there is no rice in it... perfect for someone with gluten intolerance. one thing though... they were slammed and the staff was having a hard time keeping up with the demand, but the live music, TV screens and the Sushi chefs made the wait painless.
5	The service here is SUPERB. Our waitress Kat was so much FUN & the owner Anthony was accommodating. We had a table of six and everyone was happy with the food in this restaurant. Just can not wait to go back!!!
3	Decent food/fair price
5	You could never go wrong with this place.The first thing I noticed about the place was how beautifully designed it was, it's got a high ceiling with a big screen that plays concerts (Eagles), movies (Avatar) and sports (Superbowl, Basketball). It wasn't long before we got to know the owner and found out that he designed portions of the famous Caesar's Palace at the strip. He took it upon himself to build a stage at the restaurant that now has a grand piano for musicians to play. There's an ambiance to Go Wild that I couldn't find in Ichiza or RA, I can't quite put my finger on it, but it's made me love the place ever since. On January 29th, my family reserved a table for 7 to celebrate my mom's birthday. When we got there, we were led to this huge booth especially prepared for us :D Since it was a special occasion, we decided to be adventurous and order something out of the ordinary. Here's a partial list of what we ordered:- Fire Go Wild Rolls- Screaming Orgasm- Sea Urchin Rolls- YakiSoba- Tempura DonBuri- California Rolls- Potstickers- Crunchy Crab Roll (there was a name to it, I forgot. Woops)When the Fire Go Wild Rolls were served in a flaming fire-lit plate, I swear everyone was so in awe that we simultaneously started taking pictures of it XDD Everything was excellent, not to mention they've got a 'half-price on all sushi' promotion right now, so there's more reason to try it out! Also, if you happen to go there on a friday or saturday night, that's my dad up in the stage playing the guitar :D Say hi to him, he'd love to get to know you!
3	I really don't have much positive to say about Go Wild. I think it's a really pretty restaurant, the service is friendly and terrific and the price is right. The wine is delicious, but the food...not so much.Our large party ordered a little bit of everything and we all left hungry. A great place to come for happy hour, but when you're really hungry, I'd head elsewhere.
5	Great atmosphere, great service. Had the baked langostinos (outstanding!) and sex on the beach roll, sans cream cheese (whoo! That tuna is spicy!). Happy hour was definitely happy. Amazed at how little rice they use, even without asking! Very carb-friendly. I will be back for sure, probably within the week.
4	Me and the bf had a great date night here. Our waitress was great and the sushi was 1/2 price thanks to football season. Service:Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant. She knew her menu and we enjoyed all of her recommendations. Food:Spicy tuna crunch roll- probably one of our faves of the evening. Tuna was very fresh and the spicy sauce was quite good.Spicy salmon crunch roll- this was very tasty. Same as the tuna, but with salmon instead (obviously).Avocado bam- If you love avocado you will love this crazy looking concoction! A dome of avocado slices with all kinds of tummy stuff on the inside. Great follow up to the spicy rolls as this is on the sweeter side. Kiss of Fire- this one was no joke! I felt like I could breath fire after eating it. Very good though. Rock n' Roll- Although this one was good, I find rolls that use cucumber instead of seaweed on the outside to be quite difficult to eat. However, it was a very refreshing way to end the meal.Tempura fried red new ice cream is also very good here!
4	I can here tonight with the wife because I wasn't hungary; so I only had two things. I had the garden salad which was good and Vanilla ice cream tempura. My wife really liked her food. 2 rolls, salad, hot tea, green tea and dessert $29.16; not bad. The only really problem was I asked for the dessert, either they forgot or never placed the order. At first we had one waitress, then I guess the shift changed, and the second waitress all but forgot about us. 1 star ambiance1 star food quality1 star food price1 star food quantity0 star for service, I also had to ask for the check.
4	This is in the same spot as where Momoyama Sushi  and Sushi Dan used to be. Go Wild Sushi has taken their place. They have 50% off most of their sushi which I was happy to hear so I went wild!! I first ordered their New York Steak Roll which was my favorite. I only know of one more place that puts steak in their Sushi ....that would be Kan Pai on Sahara. The crab mix with the steak was fabulous! I also tried their 007 Roll which was okay it had a fruit topping on it. I would choose the New York Steak Roll over the 007. The last thing I ordered was the Go Wild Rice bowl which had pieces of sea food,  and seaweed  in it. It was really spicy!!! I wouldn't mind if someone refilled my drink but towards the end of the meal the refills were hard to come by that is why I didn't give them a full five stars. If they know that  they  are serving something spicy they should know to keep the drinks filled. I only took two to three bites and my taste buds were on fire!  The atmosphere was nice and the food was good but the service could use a little help.
1	**This review is based on customer service only! But with what I experience, I don't even want to know how the sushi taste. Rude hostess!!!! Never in my life have I ever experienced such bad service. The place was empty. I got lured in thinking the sushi is 50% off. It is BUT you have to dine in. Even though I didn't know that, I asked my husband if he wants to dine in and we decided we will and we told the hostess we will dine in and she sighed and rolled her eyes. After that, I just wanted changed my mind completely and she said it was no problem and that she can seat me right now but I wasn't up for it anymore. I rather go to Yummy Grill and Sushi. Way better customer service.
5	great great food , good prices , great ambiance , great  waiter korean and speaks Spanish amazing !!
4	I've been having nigiri sushi lately and tonight I decided to have some rolls instead.  I've driven by Go Wild a number of times and I've seen their ad saying 50% off all rolls, all day, every day.  I generally shy away from places that may increase prices only to offer 50% off, but after reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to give Go Wild a try.I ordered two rolls--the baked Langostino lobster on a California roll and the Kiss of Fire.  The menu describes the baked langostino roll as baked baby lobster, mushroom with dynamite sauce on Cali roll and the Kiss of Fire as Inside-Shrimp tempura, spicy shrimp, cucumber. Ouside-spicy soft shell crab, albacore, jalapeno topping, extra spicy ponzu sauce.Both were excellent.  The presentation was great as any good sushi place should have.  The flavors of the lobster mixed with the California roll was very good.  The Kiss of Fire was aptly named.  It had spicy seasonings that gave it that kiss of fire, well a small fire.  I found that the rolls were so good the way they were that I used no soy sauce but merely used the wasabi.  I almost finished the portion they brought and almost asked for more so I could make more fire for myself.  As another reviewer said, they use a small amount of rice.  There isn't a huge amount used to make the roll look bigger than it is or to take the place of other ingredients.  I had a few more rolls on my to try list, but I decided not to pig out but stop at the two and have some dessert.  I got an order of tempura red bean ice cream.  It was a pleasant ending to a good meal.  There were three servers circulating through the restaurant that wasn't very busy.  They were attentive and even after bringing the check, asked me if I wanted another iced tea.I really liked the decor of the restaurant.  I'm not a fan of sitting at sushi bars, I've come to learn, so I sat at a table.  The music was reggae--odd for a sushi house--and the big screen TV had ESPN's Sports Nation.  It's amazing how good ESPN is when to you don't have to listen to a word of the drivel they're saying.  The TV was on mute so I watched the plays they were chatting about and tapped my feet  to the music.I'll be back and try some of the other rolls.
4	After trying some of the more popular sushi bars here in town I've found my go to favorite. Always sit at the sushi bar if you want fast service because the table wait staff is a bit on the slow side. Call ahead and find out if "Happy Hour" is in effect because all of the rolls, yes I did say ALL of the rolls are 50% off! Where else can you  get hot tea, miso soup and at least 4 rolls for under $30?! Look for the big & bright LED screen at the corner of Sahara and Tenaya, you won't be disappointed!
3	Reasonably priced and decent portions.  The decor was a bit confusing, a dance floor and a disco ball for a restaurant off Tenaya.....doesn't quite fit the neighborhood.  Food was pretty tasty.
5	I've been coming here for a while now and have to say im never let down. Food and service have always been impeccable.
5	Wow. Great food for the money. Loved the service and atmosphere. It was not stuffy nor snooty like some Japanese restaurants. Good kids meal deal (little one doesn't eat the amazing sushi).
5	Fantastic food and customer service.  I highly recommend this to everyone who loves quality food and service!  VK Las Vegas
4	Tried Go Wild for the first time yesterday for lunch.  It's difficult for me to know how to properly review sushi restaurants when I haven't had a chance to visit them in a setting where I can get plastered off of Sake bombs and polish off 5 lbs of fish and rice.  I like it all, from simple sashimi or nigiri to the oft ridiculed by foodies Americanized rolls covered in some nondescript sauce and topped with bacon, ice cream, and corn syrup.   But when I go to a sushi place for lunch I feel a bit like a caged wild animal, completely restricted from being able to "Go Wild" and eat with a Sake influenced appetite.  Just something to keep in mind.I decided to go for the Salmon lunch special, which I assumed was Teriyaki salmon and was to come with a some pretty standard options for a sushi joint lunch special (Miso soup, Califnoria Roll, Rice, Salad, Gyoza, and an egg roll)  I abhor teriyaki sauce because it's usually too sweet for my liking and requested the Salmon just be simply grilled.  The waiter didn't think that would be a problem (he also said he "thought" that it was in fact a teriyaki salmon when I originally asked, which I in turn thought was weird that he wouldn't know).   Not too long later the food arrived.  Miso soup to start which was about the same as most versions.  I found the gyoza and egg roll to be very pleasant tasting and devoured those up quickly.  The California roll was a little lacking in terms of amount of food stuffed in the roll, but the taste was fine.  The Salmon tasted great but was a little more dry than I like.  Our server checked on us several times for refills and to see if we needed anything further, but at the same time also got us in and out of there quickly which I appreciate during a work lunch break.  So I went mild at Go Wild, and was pleased!  I'm more at about a 3.5 for this restaurant but will upgrade it to a 4 due to the service I received and reasonable price for the meal.
1	Third time's NOT a charm!  We have eaten here three times and it was only busy the second time we were there. First time we were there we ordered cooked entrees and it was pretty good.  Price seemed reasonable even with a bottle of wine. Second time we ordered specialty rolls and beer.  Again, reasonable and tasted good. However, our experience this last time (Monday night) was really bad.  We decided to just have a couple of glasses of wine instead of a bottle.  They were out of our first choice which left only a more expensive option by the glass.  It wouldn't have been that big of a deal except when she delivered the wine the glasses were only about 1/3 full.  And the glasses were already small.  My guess is that the glasses were 8 oz. in size and there was about 2.5 oz of wine in them!  I'm accustomed to a more generous pour, so we challenged our server.  She said that it was a half of a glass and it was what they normally pour. This was $10 a glass!  We were really unhappy but sucked it up because we were hungry.  The tempura was good, but the yellowtail lovers roll was chewy.  We also ordered mackerel sashimi which we hadn't tried here yet but we normally love when we've had it elsewhere. In a word, it was AWFUL!  My guess is that it was stale and they had to cover it up with some funky sauce.  We couldn't finish it because it was so bad.  We asked for the manager but we were told he wasn't there.  We asked for consideration because of the bad experience but the server wasn't interested in helping us at all.  Our bill was $50+ and we left hungry. Never going back.
1	WARNING: Go Wild is sliding down hill quickly. I won't be back, especially with Lucky Fish now happening two miles away. Quality is now below acceptable, roll size has shrunk, service is as bad as other reviewers mention. I had to sleuth out what was "off" in my roll. The culprit? Rotten carrot. Well, at least it wasn't rotten fish, but you know, if they can't do produce right, its not worth the gamble with the raw fish. Sionara, Go Wild.
1	Gave this place one star b/c I will NOT be coming back here again.The service here is a joke.Came here b/c one of my friends had a groupon or something which as previously stated in other reviews cannot be used on "happy hour" which is all day and applies to all their rolls OR the lunch/dinner special... which is almost their whole menu.We ended up ordering one of their 'boats' which took over an hour to get to us... this comes with a soup and salad... our waiter forgot to bring the salad.During this hour, a vendor or some company that delivers for them came into the restaurant to complain... and we saw it all go down... at no point did anyone guide this person to the manager, they just let him complain to the chef and a waitress who appeared to be on break and chatting w/ the chef @ the sushi bar.... as this person was complaining all the employees got defensive and started arguing with this person, in front of other customers!  Which made no sense.  All they had to do was apologize, but instead they argued, who argues with their customers!?Anyways the food was OK, service is horrible.FYI if you have any groupon, gratuity is not included.... so whatever savings you had with your coupon, is added back on with the gratuity.
4	Thank you to Go Wild Sushi for its immediate response to my concern. They are now back in my good graces. I personally spoke to the Owner, who was willing to rectify the situation and also offer me a solution for what transpired at their restaurant.  I am grateful and thankful for the immediate turn around. They truly exemplified the meaning of customer service and respect. To all reading this review,  they have delicious rolls and the staff is amazing!! 50% off all rolls ( dine in only) is definitely worth it! :)  Please visit i can guarantee it gets addictive! :)
4	My boyfriend and I go their for their amazing 50% Off All Day menu. They taste awesome and my boyfriend gets one of their teriyaki dishes. Their prices are competitive and their service is good when they have enough staff. We always sit at the sushi bar so we get good service, but if there is only 1 sushi chef at that particular time it can be a little slow. The waitresses are slow on refilling drinks, but since we sit at the bar the chef will point it out to them if needed be.  Overall the the people who work their are friendly and  remember our faces, the food is delicious at competitive prices, and the atmosphere is sophisticated and has a beautiful theme.
4	I"ve seen this place gone though many name and owner changes.  It's called "Go Wild" now and they are offering the 50% off sushi rolls 24/7.  Before you get too excited, I gotta say the rushi rolls on the 50% off menu are about $3-5 over priced compare to other places.  So your  50% off is probably equivalent to 30% off, however, still a pretty good deal.  The inside is a much bigger and fancier than it looks from the outside,  although I rarely see more than 3 tables occupied.  Because they don't have all-you-can-eat I've only ordered the special sushi rolls.  I liked everything, especially the Great White Shark roll and the Kiss of Fire roll, both spicy rolls.  The best thing about this place is that the rice on the rushi rolls is sooooo thin.  I guess that's a clever strategy by the chef to make you order more food.  Overall this has become my usual sushi place if I'm not in the mood to stuff myself into oblivion with all-you-can-eat.
4	Sushi is great here!  The presentation is always impressive.  The service is a bit slow, but friendly.  The atmosphere is so fun!  I love the decor and outstanding music concerts playing on their enormous tv.   The prices are reasonable.  I think this is a date-worthy location.
4	I have loved Go Wild for some time now, for price and quality. However we went there today and there was a Las Vegas Court sticker and a realty sign posted. They are closed, likely forever.
5	Great place, great food, great service! We'll be back!
5	Excellent sushi & surprisingly great service! I will definitely be going back.
5	This place has changed names and staff several times but every time we come here, it's consistently awesome!  Love it!Update as of 07/01/13 - unfortunately this place is closed.  =(  I am SO sad!
5	Yes!!!! Love this place! I have been eating here for the past year and a half, always wondering if being a 'hidden gem' would work against it. Now that they've changed the name to something catchier, I will Yelp their praises. The fish is absolutely the freshest I've had off the strip. The interior is pretty, and provides ambiance that the other 'more well-known' sushi joints on West Sahara do not. Do you love All You Can Eat Sushi? This one of the best in the Valley!
4	Good sushi! The langostino roll and green muscles were great! Great service and people were friendly. They had an awesome 1/2 off special on rolls. I will be back.
