4	Been living here about 10 months and I absolutely love it. It's within walking distance to shopping, restaurants, Safeway, and Walgreens. Smack dab in between the 51 and 101, and lots of other amenities within a few minutes driving distance.Other than the high turnover of the staff in the leasing office (my two favorite employees mysteriously disappeared...), they call you back promptly, have pest exterminators that come every Tuesday should you need some spraying, and the maintenance people are very speedy. After months of being lazy, I finally called to mention the water temperature being inconsistent. I got home from work that day and saw they had replaced my entire water heater! The only complaint I have is that my particular set of neighbors strictly abide by the quiet hours rule, 10pm-7am. They don't care for the noise when I have a couple girlfriends over past 10pm, and have twice called security on me. When security comes to your door, regardless of confirming or denying that there's even a noise problem, they must report you to the mgmt. office who the next day leaves you a note in your door, scolding you on your behavior and providing a written warning that will permanently reside in your "file." It seems unfair-- taking someone else's word for it without proof from either security or the tenant who was reported! They could try telling this pesky old man that he lives in an apartment building and if he doesn't want noise, he can go back to his enormous house in Canada or wherever he lives 6 months out of the year.Anyway, great price, great location, but beware of the snowbirds who go to bed at 8pm!
2	Time for an update.What I failed to mention the last time is that out of the five or so times I've called the office to request maintenance, about 4 times they haven't answered (and it was during business hours). They have an emergency maintenance line, so I called that. They "log" my issue and they claim the maintenance person will call me shortly after. That has NEVER happened that way.About 3 times I've waited HOURS and had to call the office multiple times AND the emergency line to re-submit my issue. The emergency line says they'll contact the office AGAIN, the office says they never got the complaint, and then the office provides some excuse hours later when I still haven't heard anything, i.e.; "We're very busy fixing OTHER people's air conditioners, you'll just have to wait even longer." They seriously lack customer service.The maintenance man, I think his name is Juan, is the nicest of all the employees. It's clear he's the hardest worker of anyone I've interacted with, and the poor guy works on multiple properties. Maybe things would get done faster if they had less people in the office and more helping with maintenance...?A month ago, I called before they opened on a Tuesday morning to ask that they spray my apartment for little black bugs that show up in the summertime. I left a message. The exterminators come to the complex every Tuesday and spray the apartments that need it. I check my messages on Wednesday and listen to one saying they'll add me to the list NEXT Tuesday. WTF?! That's why I called Tuesday morning! I call back and speak to a woman who argues with me saying I never left a message and SHE'S the one who listened to the messages on Tuesday. F*** off, lady, I didn't leave a message? So how did the dude in the office know to call me back and add me to the list in the first place? She even had the audacity to tell me they'd charge me to have the exterminator return that day. I pushed harder and pointed out that subtle fact about the message and she finally agreed to cover the extermination charge. But should I really have to argue for that? Ugh.Most recent headache was today. I called at 1pm to report my disposal wasn't working. The office didn't pick up (not surprised), the emergency line took my info quickly and said the maintenance person would call me back shortly. No call. I didn't get out of work until the office was long closed, and no one has called nor fixed the problem.There is terrible communication between maintenance, the office, and the tenants. Lots of things are great at this complex, I'm considering moving again just because I hate paying for a luxury community and being treated like I don't know what they're doing. Either this team knowingly has bad customer service/communication and doesn't care to fix it, or their management doesn't know what's been going on.Hey Lincoln Properties, which is it?
1	I agree with the other reviews - but for different reasons.   The management company (LPC / Lincoln Properties) "big corporation" approach trickles down and causes onsite management to behave like detached drones.Tradition at Kierland is as beautiful as it looks. .    But it's not worth it!  Be very afraid:  Being  "managed" by a huge property company means that the on-site management can do or say as they please (or do nothing) and hide behind "the company" since there is no one you can get ahold of in the event of a problem or dispute.   The legal practices are questionable - like not showing you the entire lease until the day you move in - then you are surprised with some incredible terms:  Sure, you don't have to sign - but this is on the day you have abandoned your old place and arrive with a moving truck wanting the keys ...    Also - don't be fooled by the seemingly incredible discounts (if you sign a 13 or 24 month lease) - they are indeed too good to be true - and you will indeed regret being fooled.   I assume they can only get away with these practices due to the economy, perhaps with so many people trying to rent instead of own - but this is only grasping for a reason that the company and management behave so badly   Be aware of any company that seems to have as many lawyers than maintenance staff  (they lawyers respond faster than maintenance!)   Run - don't walk - away ... there are lots of other places  (just read the fine print to make sure they are not managed by Lincoln Properties/LPC or one of their affiliates).
5	Just moved in a few months ago.  Big thanks to Chase (& management) for making sure my AC was repaired immediately last  Friday afternoon.  So far this place has been 5 star!
