3	"Wisconsin comfort food with a twist" I was told by a waiter; he was exactly right. Dinner is probably the best time to go as the views from the upper dining room are amazing; you get to see most of the skyline.The food isn't bad, nothing to brag about, at least they listen to how you want things cooked. Medium rare is medium rare, not medium bordering on well done.Where the Jovian shines is their beer selection! With many local craft beers and numerous other microbrews from out of state, plus typical imports, I've always got to try something new each time I've gone. I have to recommend the Boulevard 6th Glass, a very smooth caramel ale, it's quickly becoming a personal favorite of mine!!
3	My husband & I tried it on a Friday evening. When we gave our name to the host stand, they gave us one of the beeper things that lights up when it's your turn to be seated and told us it would be 30 - 45 minutes. We went to the bar to check out the tap beer selections. Before we could finish our beers, the hostess came asking if we were "Mary" because our table was ready. (The beeper had not gone off and our name is Marty.) She decided that she was looking for us and seated us. We tried the beer battered fish and the baked fish. Both were good, not great, but better than when the place was Cloud Nine. Our waitress was attentive and the manager stopped by briefly to see how things were. He indicated that he was planning to install more tap lines so that more microbrews could be offered in the future. Some time when we eat there, I'd like to sit upstairs to see the view - the night we were there, a group of 100 was expected soon so it was not open. Despite being told that we'd have a wait of 30 - 45 minutes, we were in and out in less than an hour total - a reasonable time for the time of day & day we were there. Food prices were a little on the high side; tap beers were $4.25 and bottles were $4.50 which seems to be the going rate now. We'll go there again to try something else on the menu and see if we can sit upstairs. Glad it is finally opened!
2	As an Eastsider, I'm always looking for a great spot for food and drinks close to home.  I was hoping that the Jovian Taphaus would deliver, but unfortunately it fell flat.  The restaurant/sports bar itself is still welcoming and comfortable, and the gorgeous view hasn't changed.  Unlike previous experiences at Cloude 9, our service was great and the beer selection was decent.  But the food disappointed.  We sat at the bar and ordered the mac and cheese, short rib sliders, and fried pickles.  The pasta in the mac and cheese was overdone and mushy.  Normally I love bacon, and think it's probably the greatest invention ever, but it completely overpowered the dish to the point that I wondered if the sauce on the mac and cheese actually contained cheese.  Because I certainly couldn't taste any.The fried pickles were abysmal.  I love, love, love a good fried pickle, and I think that in order to do them well, you have to start with ice cold thickly sliced pickles so they retain their firmness and crunch through the deep frying.  Unfortunately, these pickles were thin and limp, and so encased in batter that you had to hunt to actually find the pickle.  Plus they were greasy as heck.  We took the leftovers home in a doggy bag for our dogs, and they didn't even like the deep fried pickles.  The short rib sliders were easily the best dish of the night.  And by best, I'd say average.  They were fundamentally okay - tender shredded short ribs on a nice brioche bun.  But they could have benefited from some oomph - maybe a bolder aioli or at least more of it.  If you like bland "upscale" bar food along the lines of your local TGI Friday's or Applebee's, then you'll probably find Jovian Taphaus to your liking.  But if you're hoping for something that's actually delicious and not just meh, you'll be very disappointed.
1	My husband and I were at Jovian on Saturday night and were treated horribly by the manager.  Our bill was about $36 and we had given them a Madison Originals gift certificate for $50.  The waitress came back and said that we didn't owe anything.  When I asked where the change was she didn't seem to know how to answer.  I asked her if it was her tip and she said she wouldn't be getting  a tip from that change.  Then she went back to speak to her manager and we got the gift certificate back with some chicken scratchings that said we had a $13 credit.  I was worried that it would look like we had written it if we tried to use it at another establishment when there was really nothing left of the gift certificate, so again we asked for change.  She brought it back to her manager and we proceeded to wait another 15 minutes for change because they were "looking for change."  What?!?! Finally we went downstairs to talk to this "manager" that we hadn't seen yet.  My husband begins to calmly explain who we were to the manager and he asked us to calm down.  My husband began to explain the situation and we were asked to stop talking and listen.  My husband wanted to understand what was going on so he proceeded to speak with the manager and we were asked to leave. We liked our dinner and server, but we were treated very poorly by the manager and we missed the first part of our movie.  What is going on there?
1	Tried to eat here about a month ago and there was a sign on the door saying they were closed for good. Haven't been back since to see if that is still the case.
1	Closed (good riddance) and replaced by the Great Dane (much better)
