5	I am always weary of looking like a square after getting a hair cut at a chain hair cuttery.  I will say, that I was very satisfied with the service and talent of the woman who cut my hair here.  I was sporting a shag and I just wanted to get a little chopped, because the back started to look like a mullet.  I let her cut off a lot more hair than I had planned when I walked in the door.  She was doing a great job, and we were talking about her grandson, so I just rolled with it.  I wish I could remember her name, but it escapes me.  If you come here just look for the nice older woman with curly hair.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. I found this supercuts on yelp with 1 review and it was a positive one, however they butchered my hair. I basically have a buzz which should be a very simple job, but the stylist managed to hack up my neck line beyond repair.
3	I have very simple needs for my hair, so salons like Supercuts are perfect. In, cut, out. Quick, quick, quick and cheap, cheap, cheap. I don't know that I've ever gotten a bad cut at this or any other Supercuts. If you have brief requirements, then this is the place.Two tips. Call ahead and they will put you on the list. And don't arrive just as they open as that tends to be a busy time.
3	I've been going to this Supercuts location for 12 years. Its not rocket science cutting hair & Supercuts is a good place to get your hair cut inexpensively. Phillip, now at the Ballantyne location is excellent as is the manager Jasmine at this location.
3	Its really just a haircut joint, nothing special. I usually let Jasmine cut my hair.  She does a good job consistently. I had my hair cut for a new job & she did an excellent job, scissors up top & clippers on the side.
3	(7/13/13) Despite my regular stylist Jade not being there I received a decent haircut. I was somewhat surprised as I had been seen by the stylist present once before & had to stop her from giving me a crewcut.
5	This is the first time I've even considered to write a review for a haircut but it truly made my day. I'm new to the area and needed a quick cut and I stopped in and didn't have to wait. Tina cut my hair (she only works Saturdays and Sundays) and she also provided the tea tree experience. Excellent value at $19!  It's clear that Tina takes pride in her work and she made my day. Go see her and tip big!
