1	Don't do it! Way to expensive for the kind of food served. Fish taco's served with FRIED FISH! Yikes! My son had the "live" queso and chips. He thought  this would be fun to see them made at the table. All the server did was dump the cheese, etc. in the  bowl and stir! Not much of a show for 8.00! Bad nachos. However the chips and salsa at the table were good.
3	I usually don't frequent places like this, especially for the food-it is just too Americanized.  However I had a pretty banging time, it helps when the bartenders and patrons are all full of laughter and very strong margaritas.  Seriously, I would never attempt to have more than one of these things.  There were people of all ages-college to older folks.  I went with a good group of comical friends who kept me entertained, but I couldn't help from overhear this airhead woman jabbering about the most random subject matter from the seven dwarfs to her political views.  It didn't annoy me though, it just made me laugh.  Oh trophy wives are great.  The bartender was a younger guy who kept the drinks flowing with precision and timeliness.  I might be back if I am around these parts again.
4	On The Border saved my sanity (and someone's life).  That's right, folks.  You read it here first.  Picture it:  Charlotte in December.  It was a Friday night.  I got out of work, got stuck in ignorant holiday traffic, but finally made it home...about 30 minutes late.   Working a 2nd job and taking a night class, this was my one free night to relax and have a nice meal out.  I changed quickly and we were out the door, heading to PF Chang's.  Cut to: the power-tripping hostess who didn't want to seat our party of 5 at one of their empty tables.  (See PF Chang's review for details on that "fun" episode.)  We left and headed toward what we thought would be a slower part of town.  We got stuck in more ignorant holiday traffic and what should have been a 15 minute drive turned out to be about an hour.  It was really turning out to be a great night.  We finally reached a shopping plaza where there was a Macaroni Grille.  We decided to pull in.  An hour wait.  I ran next door to On The Border.  It, too, was supercrowded.  "We can seat you right away," said the hostess.  Really?  Heck, yeah!  Mexican it is!   And we WERE seated right away.  The restaurant was supercrowded in the dining room, but somehow we lucked out.  Our cheerful server came immediately to our table, brought mucho chips and salsa, and took our drink orders.  After the way the evening had gone so far, mama needed some margarita.  The chips were gone in no time and we were immediately brought more.   With my Enchiladas Suizas (chicken and cheese enchiladas covered with green, sweet tomatillo sauce) came Margarita #2.  We were SO pleased with the food and service that we left a nice, fat tip.  Happy holidays to him!After this exceptional experience, you may be asking yourself, "Why did he only give On The Border four stars instead of five?"  And my answer would be because I consider Cantina 1511 a five-star Mexican restaurant and On The Border a four-star.  On The Border's salsa and entree options can't compare to Cantina's gourmet take on Mexican.   They're good...but they're no Cantina.  So now you see why On The Border saved my sanity (and possibly someone's life).  The End.
3	This place is okay. Most of the food is very heavy, even the salads. If it's not salad it's very very cheesy, greasy, or loads of meat. I almost always order something from their little health section, where the sides are healthy vegetables and the portion is smaller. I get tired of this place because of the grease though. There's nothing to complain about with the service or the facility itself. Very easy to find. It stands out while you drive by on Providence Road because of the brightly lit letters of the restaurant.
4	Honestly, who cares if this is an "Americanized" version of Mexican favorites? It's freaking delicious! The service is usually pretty good as well. I really enjoy the fish tacos with fried (yes, fried!) tilapia. I also particularly like the ultimate fajitas, live guacamole, and queso. They also have really fresh and flavorful salads. There are usually specials for their margaritas which are pretty inexpensive. The best thing: a FREE appetizer of chips and salsa.
4	I went to On the Border last week wanting to try something different than my usual order. I noticed the new Mahi Mahi tacos and thought I would give them a try. They were great! The fish is grilled and tender and the chipotle sauce has just enough kick. I finished my meal with the Apple Crisp dessert which was also terrific. I have been and will always be a huge fan of On the Border and my recent visit definitely confirmed that.
5	Superb service!  Food is delivered fast, just the perfect temperature, tasty every time.  I get a 2 taco combo.  When I asked about healthier options, they offered to substitute sauteed or grilled veggies for rice & beans.  Killer queso, fajitas, and salads too.Staff in the bar area are friendly and get to know you.
4	Tex-Mex chain restaurants are as inspired as the American hamburger these days, but On The Border really sticks out for quality service, food, and portions.  I can't say that I was overly wowed by it, but I was quite pleased with what I got.  On all occasions I visited, I have had friendly, personable staff who seemed to enjoy what they were doing and joked around with our party.  Their taquitos are great; crispy fried goodness with chicken, onions, and covered in sauce.I agree with Kathy that the food is greasy, but what can you expect from a chain like this?   Rather than the obligatory refried beans and dried-out, bland rice of most places, they use black beans and well-seasoned rice.   The chips and salsa were surprisingly fresh and not overly salted like other Tex-Mex chains.  For a chain, they have surprisingly fresh food.Service is quick and On the Border is rarely crowded like neighboring restaurants.  I recommend it for a hearty lunch with co-workers or friends. It's nothing that will leave a lasting legacy, but On the Border probably won't let you down either.
4	I have to say I've always loved me some On The Border. I'm definitely not a picky person when it comes to Mexican. This Tex-Mex chain is one of the best though. I used to live near the one in Concord, NC and seemed to eat there at least twice a month. Now that I'm on the other side of town, this location isn't that close to me, so I don't make it out to On The Border as much as I would like. The free chips and salsa that they first bring out are the best. I always find this to be a test with any Mexican restaurant. If the Chips and Salsa suck.... then things usually go down from there...lol. I have always seemed to enjoy everything I have ever ordered on the menu, but on this visit I got the Southwest Chicken Tacos with a bed of rice (no beans). I had already told my friends at the table about it, and it just so happened that the Waitress recommended it also. And any good meal at a Mexican restaurant can't be complete unless you have a Margarita, and On The Border has one of my favorites. Its a Swirl Margarita with Sangria mixed in it!!! And you have to make sure you ask for the Sangria one, as there are different selections. I highly recommend this Margarita. If anything go to On The Border just for it...... you won't be disappointed!!!
3	Hadn't been in this place in 5 years or so, but my impression this place was good so one afternoon I returned. A lot has changed :(There was 1 server working the entire place when we entered - poor space cadet was absent, unknowledgeable and slow but hey, slack cut since she was alone!The menu has alot of tex mex favorites, and then some crap that's trying to be new and exciting but fails. We tried the queso and was pleased with it (hard to ruin gooey cheese, si?) but the fajitas my date ordered came out with 0 sizzle and all the wrong condiments (no guac, double sour cream instead of requested opposite). I had a salad with a jalepeno vinagerette and it was OK - I know it had chicken in it and came in a large tortilla bowl but nothing else so I think that says how memorable it was.I wouldn't swear this place off, but I won't be suggesting we stop at On The Border in the future, especially if you're on a time restriction!
3	I was honestly pretty surprised by a few things here! To start the salsa had a nice kick, I hate bland salsa. Chips were warm. Waitress was very nice and accommodating, although it took quite a long time to get a beer.Had brisket tacos, were pretty good, wasn't a big fan of the bbq sauce they had on them, although the onion rings on top were a nice touch. Re-fried beans were really good! I kept grabbing chips and scooping up the beans. Couldn't stop! On the other hand I didn't like the rice at all.For what they serve the prices are a little high but not too bad. Typical chain fare. You tend to get what you've come to expect, never wowed, and usually not disappointed.
2	9 times out of 10, when faced with a choice of restuarants, I prefer locally owned joints over chains. This place is a good reminder of why that is. We ended up going here because someone had given us a gift certificate.   So, we stopped in for a late lunch - we arrived well after  the "busy" time.   We thought we'd have quick, attentive service, but that was not quite the case.  Our server was friendly, but rather slow in getting drinks out to us & taking our order. I decided to go simple and have a chicken burrito with rice & beans.  The food tasted ok but was not what I would consider to be particularly good. It was just meh. I can definitely make better chicken burritos with beans & rice at home.  But the worst part was about an hour after eating here, I started to feel yucky.  I was not "sick-sick" but felt as if I had eaten too much of something that I am senstive to - like too much MSG . I think that most fast food and big corporate chains use some MSG in their food but I try to avoid the ones that use way too much of it.  (The problem is that it doesn't always show up in an ingredient list as MSG - sometimes it is just labled as "natural flavorings" or  something to that effect).  While a little bit of this stuff is not generally problematic for me, I do find that  when places use too much, that's when I notice the icky feeling.  Places like Applebees, Chilis, On The Border, etc  often use chicken (and other ingredients) that have been seasoned at a central plant, then frozen, and shipped out to the individual locations... these flavorings that are mass-produced are more likely to have too much stuff like MSG in it to try & make it taste better when it is ultimately cooked up & served to the consumer.  Honestly,  there are way too many other good places to eat in this area for me to choose to go back here.  If I end up getting another gift card for  here in the future, I think I'll re-gift it to some one who would better appreciate it.  Next time I have a craving for Mexican when I am close to home, I'll head over to Maria Bonita (Rea/Colony Rd),  Senor Tequila (Piper Glen), or Cabo's (Carmel/51).
2	Food was great, service too. I took a brownie with ice cream to go, ate it later on that night and it tasted like onions why? So I complained and that was last Friday got a call today from the manager and he actually said to me that it was probably cross contamination yuck!!!!!!! Why would you tell a customer that?
3	Good tex.mex food. Live close so easy for me. Good margaritas. Decent service. Prefer the local mexican places, but this place is good and closeby. Upset that I don't get my work discount anymore.:-(  But will return.
2	Yet another reason to stay away from franchise chains.I've only been here due to proximity to where I live and how much I craved some margarita with patron. The overpriced margarita was definitely good. Would take a free meal if I was offered one. No other reason to go back here otherwise.
1	Bleh, I hate chains... and On The Border Ballantyne gave me yet another reason not to venture to the nether regions of Charlotte. Service was incredibly slow, the food was pretty decent, but it took so long to get my bill that any joy felt for my meal was long gone before I left the door. The only reason I darkened the door of On The Border was a sorority function, the staff had advanced notice that there would be ~20 people in our party and they seemed ill prepared/short staffed to handle us.
2	We had  a gift card from a friend, so we used it to towards a birthday outing.  The service was great, our waitress was top-notch and friendly.  They had great drink specials ($3.50 margaritas, $2.50 beers), and we loved the chips and salsa.  The Queso, however was so salty and watery.  We should have returned it immediately but we were all pretty hungry.  I got the Try 3 - with the fish taco being my favorite.  I was surprised at the tiny tostado.  Hubby got the steak burrito, and while it was huge, the steak itself was pretty chewy and the flavor was boring, too.  I'd return to Don Pedro's or Azteca or any one of the local Mexican eateries next time.
2	This is an OK place to go and hang out with some friends after work and maybe get some chips and salsa. I went there for dinner and it's basically what you'd expect from a chain Mexican restaurant. I was not impressed. There are much better places to go if you are in the mood for Mexican food.
4	I know that the cool thing to do is hate on chains - pre-prepared food, jarred, not locally sourced, frozen, yadda yadda... yeah, I know.   Whatevs... I am fully aware that I am the opposite of what would be considered cool or hip.  Knowing that I am going to spend the rest of my life alone in a house full of cats, I decided that if I wanted to enjoy the occasions that I get to eat out, I need to learn how to do it alone.  I had a coupon for free queso and a gift card with about $15 left on it, so let's get some Mexican for lunch.  Armed with my smart phone and my handy dandy Kindle Fire, I headed approximately 500 yards from my apartment for an early lunch at the bar at On the Border. Located at the Promenade on Providence shopping center with a prime corner lot next to Macaroni Grill (both part of the Chili's restaurant group, which is what I had the gift card for), parking was easy on this beautiful Friday at 11:30 am, but I imagine on the weekends, this place fills up quick... parking should still be ample and well lit though.  I was greeted upon walking in and when I said I was alone and didn't need to sit in the dining room I was pointed to the bar area, where I was immediately greeted by Grant, the friendly bartender.  He got my drink order, which he quickly came back with along with a basket of chips and some of their house salsa.  I was given some time to look at the menu, order my coupon'ed queso and the brisket soft tacos with a side of black beans and rice.  The food:Tortilla chips - warm, not overly salty.  Held up well for dipping in both the salsa and the queso.House salsa - slight kick, but it's more of an after-burn.  It was not overly cilantro'ed which for me was AWESOME as I hate cilantro.  Tasted fresh-ish and I thought it was quite good.White queso - white cheese served with pico on top.  Queso was cheesy and creamy.  Grant the bartender said that the yellow queso had a bit more of a kick to it, I found the white to be quite mild and delicious.Brisket soft tacos served with rice and black beans - Black beans were fine, not overly spicy, so that was good.  Rice was kind of... well, rice, with corn in it.  Not overwhelming and good enough.  I found the brisket soft tacos to be pretty darn good.  (tortilla, brisket, cheese, topped with crispy onion rings which were thin and crunchy).  The brisket wasn't something I would find in a BBQ restaurant, but for a mexican restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor.  My Diet Coke was kept full at all times and Grant packed up my remaining queso (he said it heats up well) with another container of the salsa and some more chips.  I had a great lunch, service and food, and will definitely return to On the Border.
4	I went for lunch with a friend, since she had a gift card. The lunch specials were between $8-11. We both ordered the Dos X Fish Tacos. The lunch was supposed to come with 2 tacos, rice & beans but instead we got 3 tacos which I assume is the dinner portion. After my inhalation of bottomless chips & salsa I could only eat one taco and half the rice & beans. The flavors were delicious and everything was hot.I was happy with the food, environment, and staff. I'll be back if I have another gift card, otherwise I like to hit up La Unica for my mexican!
2	Tucked in Promenade next door to the Macaroni Grille is On the Border Cantina.  It's a pretty typical Mexican place with a predictable menu.  The decor is pretty cheesy with over-done Mexican theming throughout.  It really feels like some corporate big-wig in Chicago said, "If it's stereotypical Mexican, it's for us!"  The bright colored tiles, clay colored flooring, really is eye-roll worthy.The staff was fine, and the drink specials they have are worth checking out.  $2 draft beers, and $3 house margaritas?  definitely the best feature.  Several patrons obviously had figured this out as the bar area had a little micro crowd of folks taking advantage of cheap booze and free chips and salsa.The food unfortunately, is nothing to write home about and left our entire table with a brick in our stomachs for the rest of the evening.  The chips aren't fresh, and taste blah, my pork tacos, which were the special so they had to be fresh, right?  RIGHT??? were average at best.  They were topped with some sort of chili and supposedly some roasted corn and other veg... I had maybe 3 kernels of corn on each taco, and the chili stuff on top seemed awfully like it had been frozen at some point - it was very visually unappealing, bland, and flat-out disappointing.Overall, this place is a step above a Taco Bell and should change its name to Mexican Applebees.
2	I have been to this place at least 5 times. I always get the fish taco. This time it was too salty and tasted old. I prefer my fish taco grilled. They had it battered. Two thumbs down. But the atmosphere was good. I watched my panthers play and had good laughs.
1	As I pulled into The Promenade I was torn between checking out two restaurants for lunch, so I did the flip of a quarter to determine my destination. And, I wish it landed the other way after lunch today. I arrived shortly after 12 and was greeted at the door at which time I said seating for 1 and the server pointed me to the booths in the bar & said "There should be a menu on the table". Okay, so I seated myself and was approached by Matthew, the waiter with no personality. I ordered my drink and was brought chips and salsa. The chips were cold, and very hard. The salsa was decent, however I had to add salt to both, very bland. I decided to order the lunch chicken fajitas, my staple item to test Mexican restaurants. After waiting over 25 minutes my food arrived, with a little bit of a smell & a look of fajitas right out of a frozen bag. The chicken was decent, but I think I make chicken better. The peppers and onions were pretty raw, so I decided to press them on the sizzling grill, hoping to cook them a little more. As for the rice & beans, disgusting, both! Refried beans should be mashed, these were like charro beans, ugh! And, the rice, cold and bland. As for the tortillas, very doughy and the cheese came right our of a package. The ultimate disappointment! I will definitely stick with the non-chain Mexican restaurants. They continue to remain traditional and serve nothing bland, out of a bag... Not saying that On The Border does, but it sure tasted like they do.
5	We  drive 18 miles one-way to get to our favorite restaurant - On The Border -  which offers hot foods that are hot, cold foods that are cold, Margueritas icy, servers knowledgeable and oh, so friendly, great assortment of menu items, restaurant clean, just makes you feel good when you walk inside, prices very reasonable, and we always leave feeling satisfied and happy.
1	I stopped to get lunch.  I saw the more healthy menu and elected to try 2 of the healthy enchiladas.  One was spinach and one was chicken.  I had a difficult time finding the spinach. The sauce was incredibly awful. The waitress was terrific. She checked on me to ask how I liked the entree. I told I really didn't like it at all. She looked at the spinach enchilada and said,"That is terrible."  She insisted on getting me something different. There was literally one tiny bite of spinach and the rest was just corn tortilla.  She ended up bringing me a taco salad.  It was OK.  What is interesting is I believe it was a manager that brought me my food and I asked him, what is this that I ordered? I opened up the enchilada and he had to see that my enchilada was just a corn tortilla.  He just kept on walking.  I won't stop in here again.  Again the waitress was terrific.
5	Great food for the price.  On the ball with the service also.  Thank you!
4	This is a pretty good Mexican chain.  The chips and salsa are very good, and so was the margarita's.  the enchalata's I ordered were average.
3	Long wait, but great service, friendly staff and good food. Huge chips and tasty salsa,  too full for dessert. I got the Ranch chkn fajitas, which were good, but next time, I'm getting the Brisket soft tacos! Delish. Tea glass was never empty which is always a plus with chips and salsa.
4	They don't serve Mimosa's (or any alcohol) on Sunday until Noon. The service was great on a Sunday! The lunch size portions were perfect.
2	Coming from Texas, I am extremely familiar with great mexican cuisine. Tex-mex has been a longtime favorite since the day I first had unlimited red and green sauce. That being said, my expectations may have been too high coming here. - The atmosphere was great. The decor made the place really come alive (very similar to many restaurants in Charlotte). You feel like you are in Mexico.- Sauce is solid, honestly nothing to rave about but it gets the job done.- The entree's are just really bland. 1) My cousins enchiladas came out cold2) My enchiladas were just bland3) Nobody on our table (10+ people) came close to eating their food because it just lacked flavor. Honestly, I wouldn't come back here unless someone really wanted to go here and I had no choice. The positive is the staff is friendly and the place is nice.
2	I had been to this restaurant years ago (in NY) but since it was christmas eve our choices were limited so we figured we would try it out. Overall it was ok, our service was great and food was fine, all except the mushroom and spinach enchilada. It was filed with corn with 2 mushrooms and maybe 3 pieces of spinach that were miniscule. It was very disappointing. The beef tacos that i ordered with the combo were fine. My advice is just to be prepared to maybe be a bit let down on what you order.  The salsa was a tad bland as well. Nothing horrible overall but food wise nothing really stood out, the service though was enjoyable.
4	First time I've been here, in any On the Border, and I must say I've walked out impressed. The food is above average from any typical Mexican restaurant. Pretty affordable. I had a 10 dollar combo with 4 items and it included rice AND beans with bottomless chips and salsa. I definitely will be returning.
