5	This is our favorite place. Food is always great and very reasonable.  Raul is the best!!!!  Even the customers make it a great place to hang out.
4	What can I say...this used to be my regular as it was cheaper for dinner for two here than cooking on your own.  It's still OK.  Full of Dell Web residents if you get there for an early dinner.  Love Mirna, the waitress that has been there for years!
3	This is a local chain w/ locations all over the valley. Only major drawback is the fact they are considered a casino, therefore smoking is allowed. You need to fight your way thru the bar area to get to the restaurant, therefore your drenched w/ smoke coming/going.The food  and service is generally good. Price/quality is phenominal.Where can you get a good steak/salad/portato for 6.99 all the time. Menu is vast, you will definitely find something to your liking. Service is good, many of them have been doing it for years, they know their trade!! Give any of these restaturants a try you won't be disappointed.....
4	I looked at the menu online before we went; I liked what I saw, so I was prepared to be happy.  I was not disappointed, and I think we've found our new go-to place for a terrific burger and other good food..The decor is in-your-face red, but not tacky.  It's warm and inviting.  The menu is huge, and there's something for everyone - sandwiches, burgers, wraps, entrees, salads.  We had a hard time deciding, but finally chose to share a burger and a pasta dish.  The burger was outstanding - juicy and flavorful, and I like that you have a choice of regular seeded bun, ciabatta bun, or grilled sourdough. There are lots of good toppings to add to the basic burger, with different prices for each topping.  But you get to have it "your way." The pasta came with grilled chicken, spinach, and portobello mushrooms.  But it also came in a cream sauce, with feta cheese, neither of which appeal to me.  It was no problem to 86 the cream sauce and change it to olive oil and garlic, and the cheese to Havarti.  The pasta could have been a tad more al dente, but it wasn't mushy.  The grilled chicken was fresh and moist, many notches above other places, where it often tastes as if it were just plucked from the refrigerator and onto the plate.Our friends shared the signature fish and chips (Icelandic cod) and a burger, and also were filled and happy.The portions are really large, and the prices are definitely reasonable.  And most important, everything tasted very fresh.Our waitress, Tracy, was very patient with my inability to figure out what I wanted to eat; she had to return at least four times before I was ready to order, but she stayed cheerful!Oh, how I wish that this place was able to take advantage of its Desert Shores location and offer outside dining on the lake, but it's angled location makes that impossible.  But as the days get cooler, that will be less of an issue, and when we're looking for a nearby, cozy place to have some great food, we'll be back.
4	Me: " We want steak, wussup?! Where the spot for locals??"Friend that moved LV: "Oh I know a spot.with a nice view of the lake too... I'll take you guys!"15 minute drive, and I see Lake Mead (which I assume is Lake Mead, cus we drove down Lake Mead Street).  Looked pretty suburbs, but the trusty navi said "Please drive 600 feet, you destination will be on the right hand side"First assumptions:1. ghetto2. umm ghetto pub3. errr ghetto pub with video poker?!?4. o hells to the no... ghetto pub with video poker and smoky as hell??After getting over the initial shock of the "nice restaurant with a lake view", we were seated in a large booth (which I will admit was pretty comfy).FYI: there was no such LAKE view at this place... we got played..Yes, this place is a bit tacky diner red... but then I saw Prime Rib for $12.99.. and I was suddenly OK...Since my other friend were ordering the Prime Rib, I decided to get something different.  The South West Burger caught my eye: Angus burger, guac, jalapeno, pesto, pepperjack, and some other saucy thing I can't recall on a ciabatta. SOLD. Medium rare please! When my burger came out, it was HUGE, and quite adorable wrapped in waxed paper made to look like newspaper. But whatever, I'm about the taste.Took a HUGE bite of this bad boy, OMY was it good!!! I don't if it was cus I was SUPER hungry, or this burger was SUPER yummy! The meat was perfectly cooked at med rare (which most burger joint always OVERcook).  Juices were flowing, gauc all over my fingers, cheese on my face, and in 10 minutes ( I swear), it was gone.I even made my friend try it, so I didn't feel crazy.  She thought it was pretty darn juicy and yummy too.  This was by far the BEST JUICY BURGER I had this year!! And for $6.99, shoooooot you can't go wrong!O yea.. the prime rib was OK... but I sure was glad to have ordered my burger =)
5	Village Pub is great! Very friendly staff, tasty bar food and great variety for a good price! This location also has a lot of TVs so you can watch multiple games at once. We wanted to watch a hockey game and the bartender was very nice and searched every channel to find it.Thumbs up to village pub!
4	It looks like the Village Pub is becoming the new go-to place for our standing Friday night dinner with two other couples.  It was busy, and we had to wait for a table, but it turned out to be just a few minutes.  Our waitress, Linda, was very attentive and accommodating.  All six of us were happy with our orders:  skewered shrimp (change the rice pilaf to mashed?  No problem!), orange roughy, top sirloin (with salad or soup, veggies, rice for 8.99 - such a bargain!), teriyaki chicken, chicken fried chicken, and wild Alaska coho salmon.  Good food at yesterday's prices.  Reasonably-priced drink menu. Comfortable booths.  Great, friendly service.  Gaming and ashtrays at the huge bar.  What more could anyone want?Of course we'll be back.  Maybeeven  next Friday night.
1	Village Pub Summerlin- I thought I was on Candid Camera with the array of lousy food and service. My family of four was seated at a small table that would have been comfortable for two, rather uncomfortable for a family of four. I did notice the couple behind us was seated at a four top. My son got  a squeezed lemon in his soda which he clealry didnt ask for. The waitress a heavy set red head was oblivious to the seating issues and later the food issues. I guess if she ever came came to check on us I would have told her that my sons burger was served without bacon ( which clealry he ordered) and was served with two bottom halves of the burger bun. I also would have told her that the busbot spilled water all over my slacks ,never apologized and never brought over anything to clean me the table or the booth. Upon leaving I asked for the manager another server( heavy set blonde woman) told me the manager was behind the bar when I went up to the guy she pointed to and asked him if he was the manager he said " No Im the bartender" when I asked if I could speak to the manger/supervisor he told me  there wasnt one, when I asked him who was in charge he told me" the girls". Hence if you leave your servers in charge of food quality and customer service chances are ther will be some issues. Perhaps becuase we had a coupon that guaranteed 18% gratuity our server didnt really see the need to do her job as she was already quaranteed her tip.  I sent an e mail to the location and told them  what a lousy experience I had,I guess they couldnt be bothered with e mailing me back. Needless to say we will not be asked and when asked I will most definently not recommend this place.
2	My parents took me here last weekend. They started going to the Village Pub several months ago and have been telling me how great the food is and how reasonable the prices were, so I was looking forward to it.I got the California Panini which had chicken, avocado, and Monterey jack. I got cottage cheese on the side. My food was okay but nothing to get excited about.My mom had the turkey special, and my dad ordered the fried chicken special. They both had a cup of chicken noodle soup. They both really liked the soup but neither thought their entrees were as good as usual.The downfall of the evening was the service. It was probably 15 minutes after we were seated before the waitress came over to take our order. It took even longer to get the food. The waitress pointed to people at another table who had been seated for a long time without being helped and told them, "I'll be awhile." This was by far the worst service I have received in a long time.The food was okay and the prices were reasonable, but unless my parents are treating I'm not going back.
4	If you dont mind the Blue Hairs from Sun City and feeling your eating in a old folks  home, this place is great!You gotta get there early for Rib night because they sell out quick. This place has quality food at a great price.  The steak special is great too. The service to me is slow because the wait staff are mostly seniors too. But, I like the place. Just dont trip on the oxygen tanks and the canes!
3	I started going to The Village Pub when I was a kid and my parents and I lived in Desert Shores back around 1996. The dinning area is small and most of the time there is a long wait. Last time we went they only had 1 server and it was the dinner rush time. The food is decent bar food. They have nightly specials and are decently priced. They have the 6oz filet, that my husband always gets, for around $9. The bar can get smokey and loud at times. We usually go to The Pub when we cant think of anywhere else to eat.
5	Village Pub is a great place with excellent service!We live right down the street, yet always manage to 'forget' this location and wind up going somewhere else.  Then, after horrible service at other locations we end up back here.  We were visiting just this past Monday with Michael the bartender and his service is excellent!  We never ran low on our drinks, managed to have great conversation as the music wasn't too loud, and there were no loud-mouth drunken fools like most of the other pubs around.  We have yet to eat in the dining area, yet everyone I speak to says the food is excellent with good pricing.  Thanks Village Pub, and Michael in particular!Kris Kelley702.203.5670Las Vegas Massage
4	You'd never know you were in a video poker bar, which the Village Pub essentially is. I'd describe the Village Pub as an upscale dive. I'm actually quite surprised by the menu of this little joint and their prices are pretty cheap. I have only ever ordered breakfast here because they have an extensive menu ranging from omelets, skillets (my fave!), paninis, wraps, and traditional breakfasts: steak/ham and eggs, pancakes, chicken fried steak, corned beef hash, biscuits and gravy, French toast, eggs benedict - you name it, they got it!Last week's visit included a breakfast burrito, which was HUGE! This bb was overloaded with eggs, bacon AND sausage, cheddar cheese (ahhhhh), big chunks of seasoned potatoes, onions, salsa and sour cream and was absolutely delicious! My friend ordered the ham and eggs and the ham covered the entire plate. It seriously was enough for 3 or 4 people. I've even ordered oatmeal which comes loaded up with cranberries, brown sugar, pecans and milk.Now the lunch and dinner menu offers everything from bar food (quesadillas, nachos, chili fries, potato skins, etc.) to more sophisticated plates that you wouldn't expect to find in a small bar including pot pie, orange roughy, fish and chips, salads, chicken cordon bleu, paninis, different salmon options, steak and shrimp, and ribeye steak platters. A friend of mine eats here regularly and he swears by their food. Their specialty is burgers (and they'll substitute a turkey burger for you too!): Smokehouse, Yorky, Frisco, Southwest, Hawaiian, Texas and many more! Oh and they do wraps too! Not a bad little place and your wallet won't even notice it.And the best part - their kitchen is open 24/7! Hurray!!!! Great food for next to nothing!
3	For what it is, a neighborhood pub, it gets 5 stars; but it is a neighborhood pub and the food fits -- Had the chicken pot pie which is absolutely great. With that, I recommend it. I have had both breakfast and lunch there; both rank the same way. Worth a shot or two if you're in the neighborhood.
1	Wishing I could say something nice about eating here. I got the chicken teriyaki which had a slice of canned pinapple and some sauce over that. Vegitables seemed to have been cooked in a microwave, they were rubber. Only 1 1/2 servers for the place.  They'll never have me darken their doorway.
4	Absolutely love village pub. Great bartenders, great food, good crowd. Happy hour specials on appetizers.....best bargain I've come across yet. This is my spot when I'm in town visiting my family.  The staff at this establishment are A+
5	I've been going to Village Pub locations since 2001, this is the closest one to me now, so I go here every now and again.The food quality to price ratio is what bumps this joint up to five stars for me. If you want to compare this place to a fine steak house it might not fare so well, but when you can get a steak for under ten dollars that is just as good as Outback I think it's a score. The fish and chips are great and the best I have had in town by far (and I'm originally from Seattle). They come beer battered, crispy, and in a generous portion. Breakfast is great here too with lots of options.Another thing I like is they have some lighter options on the menu if you're watching calories - not something you see too often at a pub/video poker place. They have some great salads for lunch and dinner, full meals with healthy side options, and egg white omelettes at breakfast time - and a lot of this stuff of under 10 bucks. Can't beat it.As a bonus they have a selection of micro brews from Ellis Island Casino that are very good.I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and even for a late night meal on the graveyard shifts. The staff has always been good, friendly, and attentive. The best locals bar food for the price, and still great without factoring the price.
4	Friendly staff, great service, yummy food, open 24hours. The chipotle bbq tenders were delicious! And the cesar salad was huge, and had large veggies and avocado, yum! Also, great happy hour specials.
4	Ok... this is a great place to go for a full meal at extremely reasonable prices when you need a home-style meal. Very old school menu, steaks, mashed, fries, salad, green beans, fish & chips, etc, but it is all consistently good, including service (very friendly staff) and the steaks are really good. I had a shrimp and steak dinner and so did my dining companion, which was very tasty and neither of us could finish. Gets pretty crowed at 5pm for the silver-set diners, but otherwise pretty quiet and very low key. A sister restaurant to Ellis Island Casino, they still have the local $8.99 steak dinner minus the beer or root beer that is include at Ellis.
3	I may have grown just a bit too picky to fully appreciate the dive experience any longer.  The Pub certainly has the dive feel to it - red vinyl booths have a few tears and are quite rump-sprung.  The surly busser gave way to a very friendly, casual server.I started with wings and they were great - just what I want with wings.  I sampled their Pale Ale brew and it was delicious.  The dining room wasn't very full, but there was quite a wait before our main course arrived: Smokehouse Burger for me.  The burger itself was delicious, cooked properly, juicy and nice accompaniments....Except for the fries.  The menu said "Seasoned Steak Fries", but they weren't even salted.  And you know you have to salt the fries when they are fresh out of the fryer or it won't stick.The burger bun was nice and fresh, but didn't hold up and by the two-thirds point started falling apart.I would be happy to have the wings again, but the dining room was quite smoky.  Even though the smoking was only allowed in the bar area, it is a small restaurant and they needed some ceiling fans or something.  By the end of my meal I left smelling of smoke myself.
1	Didn't get any help, couldn't order a drink or food. Won't waste my time again. 20 minutes just got up and left without even one server talking to me.
1	Worst service ever, sat at the bar for 25 minutes and not getting served or greeted. The will only serve the regulars which there where only five other people there. Pissed off and left.
5	Favorite place to go when coming to Vegas. This pub is filled with locals and great service. I love the food they have and the drinks are always good!! This Friday was the first time where a rude customer ruined our night there. He was extremely disrespectful to those around him and to the bartenders. Luckily the two men who were working respectfully handled the situation and had him leave . All the customers were laughing when the drunk a**hole finally left after threatening the bartender. Won't let one customer ruin it! Great spot to gamble, drink and hang out. If you ever want to get away from the strip but still enjoy A nice drink ... Come here :). I remember one bartenders name, Raul, and he continuesly made sure my drinks had refills :) :)
3	My husband and I go to this place mostly for the monday special which is a half chicken dinner now priced at 7.49.   When it was 5.99 years ago, half of Sun City were lining up out the doors.   Now I guess the place is just not as packed. We decided to have a BURGER instead of the chicken.   However, they have TWO parts to the burger section on the menu.   One is a Make your own additions to the burger each 50 cents for $5.99 and another section below for different prices which come from 7.99 and up.   These have certain items such as bacon, bleu cheese, jaleponos etc.      I just wanted a burger, medium rare with cheddar cheese and my husband just wanted it plain.   We asked what does it come with and it has a choice of steak fries, potato salad, coleslaw etc.      I failed to ask what also comes on the burger. When we got the burgers, I looked for the cheese and found a small melted quarter size spot on the burger, lettuce and two slices of tomato and a pickle on the side. The burger was slightly pink, I like it rarer, and was very thin although it was supposed to be 1/2 pound.   It was also VERY dry tasting.    When we got the bill I asked the server, what happened to the cheese? She said she ordered it with cheese, but I couldn't even see 2 cents worth.    Then we saw we were charged 7.99 and 8.50.     She said because it came with lettuce and tomato, we were charged extra.   What a rip off!   Burger bun just okay.  will NEVER order a burger there again!
5	Raul is the f*^%%g man! Best bartender ever! Great drinks great service.RAUL 4 PRESIDENT!!
4	Great happy hour, the fish and chips are excellent!
1	I had a bad experience at this restaurant on 2/25/14.   Bad manager, bad server and bad kitchen.  This restaurant won't take orders to go over the phone, so I went in person to place my order.   I had choices of sides that did not include a baked potato, so I had to pay extra for a baked potato.  After I paid for my order, including a tip, I never saw my waitress Janett again.  My order was handed to me by a guy.  When I got home, exhausted and starving, ready to have my dinner, the baked potato was missing.  I immediately called the restaurant and a guy at the bar responded.  I had to call twice because the first time I was left on hold and nobody answered.  When Janett finally came to the phone, I told her that my order was missing the baked potato and she apologized and asked me to go back to the restaurant to get it.  Easy to say right?  I let her know of the great inconvenience she had created.The worst part was the way in which they handled my justified complaint. The manager told the waitress that "next time" they will give me a free baked potato.  Really?  Is that their best way to compensate a customer that had to drive back to the restaurant because the waitress was an incompetent that failed to check my order?  Next time?  I am not a regular customer at this restaurant.  Do they know where I live?  What make them believe that there will be a next time?  I didn't place an order from a fast food restaurant.  This is a well established restaurant and they should know better.I don't care for freebies due to mistakes of this sort.  No freebie can compensate for the aggravation  caused by a wrong order and having to drive back to the restaurant.  But it helps to deal with the frustration when you see a manager who shows a genuine concern and try to do something to keep a customer happy.  This old restaurant is located in an upscale community.  Where is the class?  Village Pub in Summerlin failed in service and customer relations. The manager, the waitress and the kitchen were a fail.  No, there won't be a next time.
4	This is a good coffee shop type restaurant that is conveniently located in the middle of Desert Shores.  If you've never been to Desert Shores, you may have a hard time finding this place, especially in the dark.  Big trees, streets that go in circles, and relatively poor signage all contribute.  If you use Apple Maps, you'll probably end up in Brazil.I've come here a few times, mostly for breakfast/brunch.  The decor is, well, dated.  The service is generally quite good.  I've not sat in the bar, but that is the Casino section of this place and they do allow smoking there.  The dining area is separate and well lit.  More than a few ramps/stairs, so watch your step in the dining area.My breakfast fav is the Country Eggs Benedict: "Two flaky buttermilk biscuit halves topped with sausage patties, two eggs cooked any style and homemadecountry sausage gravy."  Eggs Benedict in name, only.  Well, it does have eggs.  Mighty tasty if you like sausage gravy.  It is not too sweet, not too peppery, and not too creamy.  Goldilocks & baby bear would really like it.Fun tip: Switch out fries for sweet potato tots.  They be yummy.I've also had chili dogs & chicken fingers, 2.5 stars and 3.5 stars, respectively.They also have some late night specials and I will do a review update of  happy hour & late dining, hopefully soon.
2	We used to go to Village Pub once a week because the fish and chips taste just like they do in New England and the shrimp scampi is fantastic. However, if you don't have an hour and a half to spare...it's not the place for you. It's almost comical how terrible the service is. The older waitress stands next to the table like you're annoying and doesn't say a word. She stares at you with her notepad in silence. The busser curses under his breath and is super mad if you need a refill. We've made it a game to see how rude the wait staff can be and laugh at the horrible attitudes but it's not really worth it anymore. The food is great but I can find good food other places where my presence is not a bother.
4	This is my neighborhood bar. I like to come here for a drink and relax. The steak special is my favorite. It's mostly a neighborhood bar where most, if not all, patrons are your next door neighbor. The level of service changes depending on the mood of the staff and how busy they are. I had days with the worst service and days with great service. Over all its a cool cozy spot.
5	Love it love it love it! This is what makes Las Vegas special! $9 steak special all day! Sometimes the steak isn't that great but come on what do you want from these people!?! Love the village pub and Ellis island!
5	Village Pub & Casino in Desert Shores... Honestly not the nicest place but this place ROCKS like old Vegas when it comes to service and value. As some have mentioned... Upscale Dive Bar best describes it. Iaian and Pullman had us laughing our arses off non stop. These are great old school Vegas Bartenders. People that have been in Vegas for awhile know what this means.... Iaian and Pullman have been there for years... Did not take me long to realize these guys get to know their good customers and it seemed like they knew everybody by name. Food for the price was FANTASTIC. The Reuben Sandwich with Sweet Potato Tots for $7.99 was the best me and my Chicago buddy have had since we've been in Chicago. This place is the Old School Vegas type bar that doesn't nickel and dime you to death like so many of the newer places. So refreshing..
4	I am so happy that we discovered this place!!!!! My son and I were craving fish and chips last night and couldn't really think of where to go,  yelped it but couldn't really get a good feel from any reviews specifically on fish n chips,  I remembered my gf had told me about village pub in desert shores had great fish n chips and her and her hubby eat there all the time.  So we got there right before 6 on Friday night and was already busy,  we were seared right away and our waitress and bus boy were super sweet and attentive!!!!  We both got the fish and chips and it was famous light and flaky, , 3huge pieces,  great crust,  fries were perfect and they have weekly specials and the prices were so cheap,  I can't wait to go back there and try other things! By the time we left there a little after 7 the line was Almost out the door,  the best sign of a good place to eat!
4	I love the microbrews and the food the only down side is the silly ass music and when they are very busy no enough people working.
3	The food portions are big and for a really great price. The reason for the three stars is for the poor service. Went in earlier this evening with two girlfriends and a total of three children. (We sat in the dining area) didn't seem very busy and there were two servers in the section. As soon as the waitress came over I felt like she was immediately irritated. She was very short with us and didn't seem to want to be bothered with us. We ended up coming to the conclusion it was because we had children with us. But I'm a little perplexed because they have a children's menu so she should be use to having families come in with kids. All three children were well behaved no screaming, crying running around or causing a scene to warrant such coldness. She would walk by and check on the other tables around us and pass us by. We all felt as if we really had to stare her down to come over and then when she would she was gone before we could finish what we were trying to say to her. Disappoints me because it's two min from my house. Maybe I'll try to come back with my husband and leave our son at home. But either way we are paying costumers and had well behaved children. We should have been treated with the same curtesy as the next guest.
4	I really like this place for their value and quality. They have a great rib special, and their burgers are bomb. A lot of older people frequent this place because Sun City is not far. The service is great, and I really like it here!
