5	Why is it so hard to get a good haircut for a reasonable price? I've been looking for years and years, and it hasn't gotten any easier. I have naturally curly hair and no inclination to spend much time on it, so I just need a haircut that will bring out my texture and not take much time to style.A friend of mine used to go to Rejuvenation and get her hair cut and colored. The cuts always looked terrific (the color did, too, even though her hair was a great color to begin with). I live in Sun Prairie, so driving over to Rejuvenation was a bigger time commitment than I wanted to make for my hair. But when my friend told me that her stylist had moved to her own place (though sadly still on the west side), and then another friend (with very fine hair) was introduced to and liked this same stylist - I thought the time had come. That was how I had my hair cut by Amber. She really knows her way around curly hair. The first time she washed it and then cut it, which cost a little more but scored me a neck massage (mmmmmm). The second time she cut it dry  (which I've read about but never experienced before) which took about half the time but still gave me a terrific haircut. Driving to the west side isn't so bad after all, as long as I'm getting such good haircuts. Also, Amber is nice to talk with. I've been to salons where the stylists are just too cool for their own good, and I was intimidated and felt like a lame suburban housewife (wait, never mind). But Amber is non-judgmental (even when I was severely overdue for a cut) and just very *nice*. An under-rated quality.
5	I guarantee you will not find a better haircut than the one that Amber provides from Hairea 51.  It's that simple.Words like "skilled," "talented," "professional," "masterful," and "awesome" don't do any justice when attempting to describe Amber's work - she is god-like with the scissors and coloring brush.  This may sound odd coming from a dude, but trust me folks - if she was able to work wonders on my lawless hair, she'll do amazing work on yours.I called her after finding the Yelp reviews; I needed to go jet black on my hair and beard, and I need a 'hawk.  She didn't bat an eye - she said, "no problem - we'll get you taken care of."  Her salon is easy to find - it's just behind the Summit Credit Union on the corner of Yellowstone and Mineral Point.  I was seated immediately, showed her some pictures, and away she went.  Dry cut, colored the beard, and colored the hair.  While she was super personable, smart, and humorous, she never once lost track of what she was doing.  She never once seemed distracted or hurried - I hate it when a stylist makes you feel like a third or forth priority... After letting the color set for 15-20 minutes, she washed it out and the results were unreal.  Never in my wildest dreams could I have pictured the end result.  Exactly what I was looking for; when I saw the final color/cut/style, I blushed and laughed.  It was so perfect.You know you've got a great haircut when you can't stop oggling yourself in the rearview mirror as you drive back home (and trust me, I'm nothing to look at, so this should be enough of a testimony to her handywork).Price was MORE than reasonable - a bargain, in fact.  Amber is a true rock star - I will be back, for sure.  Hairea 51 = WINService = 5 starsCut = 5 starsValue = 5 starsResult = 5 starsMISC = 5 starsA comfortable salon, a great stylist, an even greater personality, and results that are out-of-this-world (perhaps that's why she calls her place Hairea 51???).  Go.  You'll be happy you did.  Guaranteed!
5	My prayers have been answered! I got a good hair cut and some honest hair feedback. All for $30!After an abysmal haircut I have been rocking a ponytail for six months. Waiting for the cut to grow out and fear have led me to be shy about trying a new place.Amber advised me that I needed a transition cut before I can get the look I want. She have me a great cut! She asked me about what I wanted and what kind of time I want to put into it.Thank you. She is really nice and the set up is simple. Give her a try. You will definitely be satisfied.
5	I have been getting lash extensions since January 2013. The salon I originally went to closed in October 2013 and I have been looking for a decent salon ever since. Amber is now my go to. My lashes from a previous salon weren't looking so great, she was able to fix them and work around it to make them gorgeous again. My search is over! She does an amazing job, the lashes are stunning!
