5	Driving down the road and my windshield was broken by a large bolt that fell out of a pickup.  Nick replaced my windshield in my brand new Escalade the same day and it's perfect!  Billed my insurance, with no cost to me.  I appreciate it!!!
4	Rough start but good finish. The windshield of my 2005 Subaru Forester was chipped which started to crack. Late Tues afternoon I spoke w Mark which anticipated the work would be complete by Wed. Late afternoon Wed I hadn't heard anything and I followed up w a call. Nick returned the call Thurs morning and scheduled a time a couple of hours later. Around 3PM Nick called and informed me the windshield wasn't in stock and scheduled a time for 10AM Fri. John came to my residence Fri morning. He was friendly, informative, and the work was done in less than an hour.Mark, on day 1, called State Farm, with me on the phone, and took care of the insurance side of things. No cost to me as I have full coverage.The process was quite easy just bumpy getting scheduled. All appears to be good with the new windshield.I learned of them through Arizona Car Wash on Pima & 90th which. I believe they are contracted with AZ Car Wash.
5	If you are looking for professionalism and speedy service, Nick is your guy.  He travels to you and takes care of your auto glass while you're at work or shopping in the store.  Thank you Nick!  We will definitely refer you to all our friends and family!!!
5	I work at a car dealership and we use auto glass companies on a regular basis.  We have to have a company that is mobile, and it's nice to have them be punctual.  I'm happy to say that ProLite Auto Glass does the job.  And they do it well.
5	I personally couldn't stand most auto glass companies, but Pro Lite has changed my perception of the industry. They are great at what they do, and are very professional. There is no high pressure sales; they truly want to help their customers. I would recommend these guys to anyone.
5	Nick at Prolite is great!  We had to get the windshield and side window replaced on one of our company vehicles, an '89 GMC pickup, and found out it still had the original windshield!!  Needless to say, it gave them trouble every inch of the way.  They did finally get it done, in a timely manner, even with all the issues, as well as one of the guys busting up his knuckles pretty drastically.  The prices are very reasonable, and I've met the Owner, Nick, on multiple occasions.  He's a great guy to deal with, and an avid businessman. I'd refer Prolite any day of the week!
