3	Firstly, I think this address is a tad inaccurate.  The website (and practically, where it is) lists the address as 1318-D Central avenue.  It's a little confusing to get to.  Just cut through the Family Dollar parking lot and you're there.This is a bright, fairly friendly studio.  There are two dance rooms total, I "dropped in" for a modern class Wednesday night.  You have the option of paying for a drop in class, or you can buy a multi-class pass in various increments.  You are also asked to register before class, either online, by phone, but they're cool with you coming in right before class to register, I suppose as long as it isn't too full.So, the website didn't really mention levels for the adult's modern class (or jazz, tap, etc) the only classes that were outright labeled were the ballet classes.  Well, I figure I did ballet for a while, took a Duncan and later a Dunham workshop, made my way through all right and since no level was mentioned it shouldn't be too hard, right?Well, I was only mildly embarrassed.  This particular class was at a solid intermediate modern dancer level and MAN did I sweat - it was the Horton technique, if you're familiar, very influenced by indigenous dance.  I was a little resentful at times but in hindsight I appreciate the teacher for moving along at the level of the class, keeping it challenging but not calling undue attention to my (or a couple of other relative n00b looking dancers) errors.  At the end of the class she said something like "beginners - don't be scared!  Come back and work work work! it!"Well, I was going to content myself with maybe trying another studio but I was lucky enough to find a different form of the schedule in the lobby - one that clearly marked that class as intermediate.  The modern class for all levels (although that label has always made me suspicious) is on another day.  So, I'm thinking of dropping in for that and we'll see if its a keeper.
4	They updated the online scheduler to include clearly marked levels.  Thats a boost for me.
5	The studio has moved one street over since this was created. It is now 1318 Central Avenue - a little set back from street. When I first moved to Charlotte at 22, it was a challenge to find a dance studio where I didn't feel ridiculously out of place at my age or ability. I was in an awkward stage - not a competitive high schooler anymore but not a beginning adult either. Many adult classes at other studios are filled with dancers who are just getting started. I wanted to feel comfortable somewhere, drop-in as I'm able with my busy schedule, but still be challenged. I found that perfect place in Open Door Studios. Knowledgeable and friendly teachers, marley floors, workshop opportunities, performance opportunities, and convenient location.
3	I'm not a dancer nor do I have aspirations to be one and it's for that reason I found myself here. A sister of a of the instructors was working on a new dance piece and for it she specifically need untrained dancers will to be fools in front of recording equipment. Of course I signed up. I can't speak to the classes here, but now that I know it's there I'd recommend checking them out. It's easy to find in Plaza Midwood tucked right next door to Yoga One. The whole space is clean and well organized space with studios spaces in various sizes. I had a blast participating in the artistic exercise in part because I found Open Door a welcoming and relaxed environment that I would want if I was a student.
5	Wonderful! A place where all levels can take and dance because they love it and just want to.
