3	$0.99 margarita specials, what more do you need to know?That was pretty much all I knew about El Patron before I went there.  A friend of mine insisted it was worth going and, since I have fewer people out here to recommend places to eat, I decided to go for it.Since I went for the margaritas, I'll tell you tis first: going there just for that really is worth it.  They're good, sold in the short highball glasses.  I only tried the traditional one, but it was surprisingly good.  I guess when you go in and you have to move tables and chairs around to find a place to sit, your opinion gets lowered a bit.See, the place isn't much to look at, and on top of it, I think we caught them on a bad night.  Walking in the music was WAY too loud for such a small space.  Especially at 6 or so on a Monday night.  We actually walked out to the patio simply because of that.  And having a broken chair and a dishrag on the one free table, well, it happens.  Following that up with waiting quite a while to even place our drink orders and then get the food...  Maybe I'm just being picky.The food was fine.  Decently good mexican fare, unremarkable besides.  If you're looking for a place to hang out and have a drinks with some friends, maybe have a bite, it's great.  If you're just looking for a place to have dinner, maybe less so.
2	The margs were good for 2 bux they certainly did the trick fa sho!! $2 domestics as well during HH. It was a thurs and HH is from 3-6??? I think. The service was not so great the girl seemed a bit new she had to go "check" to see what the specials were she disappeared for 10+ minutes. Food and drinks took ages but we did endure. They could have dropped a few more $$ into their patio because seriously I dont think its up to code yikes its a really poor attempt if you try to lean on the rail you will see what I mean!! Wings = NO (prob frozen)Salsa = goodChile Relleno = pretty gosh darn good ~~~I was thrown a bit because it wasnt breaded and basically all egg white so it was kinda weird but the sauce was soooo HOT you have been warned the green chili is DOPE no fire ass whiners aloud~~~My paahtna ordered a carne asada burro first it came with mainly onions in it so he asked for one w/out onions, then I guess they thought it'd be funny if they put red peppers all up in it instead. He couldnt handle the heat (he's Italian shhhh) in it but the jokes on them cuz I finished it for him and had no problems. LOL It was good. Its close and drinks are cheap I'll sit in doors next time!! It would be better if they got a bit more structured with their specials  they ranged anywhere from 2.99 - 8.99 and maybe a bit smaller portions. I'm not really sure what I'd wait through to get some of that green chili sauce though it is BOMB!!!!
3	Like others have said,  food was good but the service was slow.  Chips were average but the salsa was good.  I had an enchillada plate and cleaned up everything on my plate.  Perfect size portion IMO.  Bar area has 3-4 large TVs.  Good place to watch a game, play some billards or catch happy hour,  but this probably wouldnt be a good "date" restuarant.
3	This place was fine, I had a combo with a taco and two mini chimis.  They had it on special for $5.99, I thought wow-that's a lot of food for six bucks, but the mini chimis were more like cheese egg rolls.  Not that there's anything wrong with that :)I wouldn't say the beef in the taco was the best, kind of blah, but everything else was decent and the beans were good (for once!!).This place must be listed in the daytime drinkers directory as I think I was the only person in the restaurant not having a beer or margarita.  I'll have to go back when I don't have an afternoon full of appointments!!
3	Nice convenient in and out dining. Nothing elaborate or fancy here. It was originally a Schlotsky's that has been remodeled. The owners are onsite and are very friendly. The food is decent and the atmosphere is friendly. I will definitely be back here.
2	OK, went here last Friday on 7.24.09 for lunch. Got there around 11:50, thought I'd beat the lunch crowd to sit and eat. I had never tried this place but have driven past it a few times. Well we pulled up to this detached building, from outside it had a bit of charm to it, all brick with a huge outdoor patio/bar area. We walked in and again the building had a nice charm to it. But at this point I started noticing all the details that started looking more of a taco shop instead of a restaurant. I waited near the door for a couple of minutes before a waitress noticed I was waiting to be seated. She said go ahead and find a spot, so we did. We sat inside cause it was insanely hot outside. We sat down and waited for someone to come by to order drinks or get a menu, and we waited and waited. About 5 minutes later our waitress comes by. She said she'll be right back. Still without menus and waiting we looked around at everyone else waiting as well. I'll give them this, there was a huge grove of office people all sitting at one table but there where two or three waitress for a tiny little restaurant. So finally our waitress fly's by us and throws us one menu, I guess to share? After the menu, a bowl of chips and salsa come our way. Well let me tell you this, the chips were the bottom of the bag, cause the chips were broken up so much we couldn't even us them to dip into the salsa. We were starting to get hungry so we started eating the crumbs. OK so by this time we take a look at the fast lunch menu, so we could get back to work on time. We picked out our selection really quick, but again had to wait until our waitress wanted to stop by. Finally she came by, after I think the manager saw we were getting irritated. She took our food and drink orders finally. Well I ordered the Traditional Burrito w/carne asada, and my husband ordered the carne asasa chimmy combo. Well we got our food after 20 minutes. We noticed people that came in after us were getting served even before us.  We asked for some hot sauce and they brought back the same salsa as with the chips, which wasn't hot at all, just mild. We started eating the burritos and they were "OK". The sign outside said traditional Mexican food. Well it tasted like TeX Mex to me. After lunch was done we waited for our check, and waited. The waitress had come around once to say she will be right back with the check, but after 10 minutes or so of waiting we got up and went to the front of the restaurant were she was putting in a new order on the computer. I gave a nasty look to her, and wala, a check was handed to us. We paid and left upset with this experience. The only reason I didn't give this place a 1 star is because my food was eatable.
2	horrible service, I live near this place and have prob been at least 10 times, and not once have i EVER gotten speedy service. The girls have never been rude to me, but Ive never seen a sense of urgency from them.Foods ok, decent enough for me to return :)Honestly the service is so bad on the inside that I will usually opt for the wait in the drive thru, saves me from tipping for less than stellar service.
1	They just got done with their Kitchen remodel.  Food is really expensive.  It is drive through food with sit down prices and tip.  Food was not season well, portions were ok, they wouldn't  honor my full entertainment book 20% discount.  Really!!!  In this market you need all the friends you can get.  Not a good experience.  Won't be back.  I would stick with an Eribertos or the like.
2	This place is just OK.  If it wasn't for the really awesome salsa then I'd say it totally sucked.  The guacamole was not good...too tangy or something.  The bean dip seemed like it was a can of refried beans poured into a bowl.  I'd probably go back to have some more of that yummy salsa and to try something different to see if it could redeem them...but I'm not counting on it.
2	When this place first opened they had some really good Mexican food and service. New management came in and really changed the feel of this place, trying to make it more of a restaurant then fast food Mexican. Unfortunately this place has really gone down hill and their food isn't that great anymore. I have given them more then one chance thinking they maybe having a bad day, but each time I have gone back it's been worse. I wouldn't recommend it.
