4	Been going here for years.  Simple sandwiches, good price.   Notthing gourmet, but not franchised cardboard either.  Always get the turkey sub with everything on it, cold, with a drink and some chips.
4	This is a wonderful locally owned and operated sandwhich shop. Great unique style. Been going since I was in High School!
4	Great local favorite sub shop. Simple and fantastic.
4	I've lived in this neighborhood my entire life but tried Ned's for the first time about a couple of weeks ago. It's a favorite around the area so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm typically not a huge sandwich fan but I actually thought it was pretty good. The hubs and I shared the super samich and it wasn't bad. The guy working was really nice and helpful so this past week I decided to grab one on my way into work. I called the order in but when I went to pick it up realized I had called the order into the location on Southern, not the location on McKellips. OOPS! The guy working was super nice about it and made me a new one right there, in just a couple of minutes! It was very fast, friendly service and I was surprised at how understanding they were about the mix up. I will definitely be going back again and again!
4	Excellent sammiches. Plain n simple, delicious. As good as jimmy John's but this place has nothing on CHEBA HUT. The sandwiches are tasty, price is ok. This place beats subway any day.
4	Great value sub sandwiches!! Love going here with a sweet location.
4	Good subs at an expected price.  This place is classic.  I used to walk here from my house when I was a little kid and get their pizza boat and play dig dug or spy hunter.  Not much has changed since then.  Just their prices and the arcade games.
1	Many problems with this place. Bread is chewy and NOT fresh.Want pickles on your sandwich? 35 cents more. Black olives? 25 cents more.I was nickle and dimed to arrive home and dig in to a very lack luster sandwich.Sorry Ned, I won't be back.
5	Super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints.  If you haven't tried it, you need to!
1	Honestly, was not impressed. Employee taking order was short and rude. Overpriced for what I ordered. Better than subway but not nearly meeting the level of what I expected. It's supposed to be a local icon and favorite. I dunno...was not feeling it at all.
