1	Why did I even bother?Sometimes after work, especially when I work overtime I am simply hungry and nothing is open because I get off of work at 12:30 AM. I was starving and did not feel like cooking when I got home. I happened to remember Carl's Jr. also sells burritos under their "Green Burrito" name so I thought I would just try it this once.Well, it just so happened that night they weren't actually selling any of the Mexican food. Bummer. And I was already IN the drive-thru, sitting there with my stomach rumbling still. I decided to go with the Carl's Jr. Six Dollar Burger combo, bringing my total to a whopping $8.68. I don't know about other people, but paying anything over 6 bucks for something someone is handing me through a window never sits well with me.And surprise - the burger didn't sit well with me either. I got home and the fries were incredibly sub-par. Just sad ass fries in general. I didn't bother eating very many of them. But my dogs enjoyed them. The cheeseburger - such a joke! I can't believe people fall for this "it's like a restaurant burger" crap. I guess if you've never been to a restaurant and had a burger then...Anyway the cheeseburger from the minute I picked it up was slip-sliding everywhere. Why? Because there was massive amounts of mayo and mustard sliming up the works. I had to undo the burger, pick out everything, scrape off a majority of the sauces, throw out the mealy tomato, and THEN have the actual burger. They say it's "Angus beef" - okay. Maybe it tasted a BIT better than normal fast food burgers, but really? NOPE.. I'd rather have McDonald's guys. At least the fries are better.
3	The food is just ok....This location they fall short on water. Look at my picture at that small water cup. SMH... nothing makes me mad like spending 20 to 30 bucks on food and then u ask for water and they give you a small cup of water. Again I dont need to brush my teeth I want water to drink. Three Stars from me.
3	I allowed my friends to talk me into making a Carl's Jr. run.  It was a mistake for sure.  I try and stay away from fast food as much as possible.  But, since I have a full house of drunks the last thing I want is for them to start cooking.  So, a buddy and I took everyone's orders and hit the drive thru.  I must admit, that while we were waiting in line, everything started to sound good.  Sometimes a late night burger is a perfect way to end a night.  We got there just a little before 11 pm and made our order.  It took a while for them to bring our order to the window.  We made the drive home and everyone jumped me as I walked in the door, like a pack of hyenas thinning out a herd of antelope.  The burgers were okay but I ended up paying for it a little later on.
2	The times i have came here the drive through line is so long! This past time i was next to order and the lady kept telling me "one more moment please", "It will just me one more minute.", etc. I was waiting about 3 minutes before i could actually order. On top of that she forgot to give me my drink and by time i realized it i was too far to turn around. Overall bad experience and probably won't come back again.
1	Worst service ever after I waited forever they said my card they couldn't take rudely wouldn't explain  went threw the drive threw they all of a sudden accept my card I work right next door none of my coworkers will be back terrible service we ended up going to panda next door way better service and they accept my credit card with id will not be going back
5	Kind of old building... Had no expectations for this place to turn out the way it did. I've never been to a Carl JR'S either. Nick was the only person working both Front & Drive Thru. He acknowledged us, said he'd be with us in a moment.   Which it was fine, I had no idea what I wanted. I was surprised he was the only person up front at 4 pm besides the one person in the kitchen.He didn't mind that I had a custom order,  he was more than accommodating.  You can tell when someone genuinely cares about their job. He's making the best of it,  he stays busy.  After he dropped off the food, he started sweeping up. Really nice guy. He could work his way up to a manager someday.  Great work ethic. Great first time experience.
