5	I've been working with McFarland for years and have been very pleased with the quality of cleaning carpets for my business, and for my clients. John, the owner, has given me great appraisal advice. Their prices are very reasonable, and all the service staff are extremely nice and courteous. Elizabeth Dore ABD Antique Appraisers
5	Best ever!  I have brought them my Oriental rugs for years and they are always perfect when I pick them up. I highly recommend them!!!!
5	This week I suggested a friend take her rugs to McFalands.  I haven't had a reason to take anything to them recently but it's the ONLY place I would consider if I needed a rug cleaned.  That is how good my experience with them has been.  I happen to know that some of the most expensive rug dealer's, including antique, send all their work to McFarlands.    The location is a little out of the way and not the most exciting setting by any means but I am paying for the quality of the work not the look of the place.  If they say they can do it, you can count on the fact the job will be done right.  I have only had one question ever and they immediately redid the job to get it right.  Sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your rugs clean but guess that's the price you pay for a place that is so popular that they can get swamped!  Nice people who are very professional in what they do.  I think their prices are reasonable,.  They might be a little higher than other places.  I don't know as I don't go any other place.  Check them out.!
2	When McFarland's repaired my rug, they left a bald spot in one of the corners.  I could not believe they let it go out of the shop looking like that.  When I called to complain, they offered to fix it, but they did not apologize.  After I insisted, they sent someone to pick it up. When I talked to the owner, he said I was "making a mountain out of a molehill."  The second time around, they fixed the problem they created, but the corner they re-repaired looks a little lumpy.  I can see the lump from 8 feet away.  McFarland's has a good reputation, but it doesn't seem to me like they take any pride in their work.  One good thing:  The delivery guy was extremely professional.
5	I have used McFarlands for quite sometime now, and I have always been impressed. They do a great job on rug cleanings and repairs. I have taken dozens of rugs to them over the years and always  pleased with the quality of work. They are pretty affordable too. Would recommend to anyone.
5	I am a Scottsdale Designer and McFarlands has been cleaning my customers rugs for years. They are the only one I would trust with Persian and Fine Wools. Area rugs  look new when they are done. Whether you want to roll it up and toss it in the back of your pick up truck and bring it to them or ask them to pick it up. Whatever your choice is you won't be disappointed. I have lived in the Valley since 1974 and they have been working for me that long. I recommend them over anyone else. They spend the money on quality cleaning and you don't pay for a beautiful building. Let them do the cleaning right the first time.
1	They were recommended by a friend and we used them once with no real issues. This last time was horrible though, really poor & unprofessional customer service. They underestimated virtually everything - cost, time, delivery etc. I usually give companies a few shots to get it right but I will find a new place to take my clients rugs in the future.
