4	I really like the bubble tea and mains here. I've had their popcorn chicken dish and taiwanese sausage dish. Both come with delicious salad. Oh and their sweet potato fries are really good as well, but be warned it tastes more like a dessert! I always order the same bubble tea flavor which is original milk tea, and I have sometimes been disappointed by some bubble tea joints. But Nos The makes it pretty well. I've had it with small bubbles and I think it's better than the normal bubbles!  I would give Nos The a 5 , but my boyfriend's dishes were on and off, the ones he chose. And also service is very slow on certain days because I think they are understaffed.  I think they need to have 2 people behind the counter. Kitchen I think is okay because food comes fairly quickly once it's ordered. But when it comes to getting the order taken, it's too long. Try this place for bubble tea if you're in the downtown area (specifically near Guy metro), and hopefully you will be lucky that it's not a full house!
5	Exceptional Taiwanese cuisine, great tea, and a casual atmosphere. Need I say more?The food: authentic, flavourful, fresh. The noodles: Homemade. The tea: loose leaf in many flavours from all around the world (Try Taiwanese red teas, they are amazing).The atmosphere is friendly, sort of cafe like but welcoming. Their bubble tea is one of the best in town, not-from-powder(unless you want that). The dishes are fairly small, except the noodle ones. So it's best to order 3 for two people. Personally my favourite is the homestyle Taiwanese beef noodle!
5	This is the best place to go for real bubble tea. They make bubble tea out of real tea and fruit sorbet, instead of nasty powdered flavors (they still have powder, so ask for sorbet bubble tea, always).It is true that their food menu is not as good, but I go there for their bubble tea and special drinks!They can customize your drinks to anything you want. They have a lot of choices too.
5	My Taiwanese friend introduced me to this place and now I wish it was closer to home so I could go every week... at least. I've always adored Taiwanese cuisine and this one is definitely a jewel among the plethora of Asian restaurants in the Concordia ghetto. I went there during very late in the afternoon, so it wasn't very busy and the food arrived in what seemed like less than 5 minutes. I had the fried chicken cutlet with rice, which may sound like something on a kids' menu, but it was sooo much more than a fried chicken cutlet with rice. First of all, the chicken breast meat is good in itself,no doubt having been marinated in some magical Taiwanese concoction. Then, it is wrapped in this rice krispy like batter and very nicely fried so that it's crunchy but not at all oily. The plate came with a giant serving of both fresh salad and pickled vegies, served with delicious dressing. The dressing could be a tad sweet for some people, but it's totally right up my alley. I had the time of my life dfinishing my meal. Drinks wise, I chose the honey green tea with tapioca bubbles. It's fantastic! The drink is a bit more expensive than those at other bubble tea pkaces, but no doubt it's because they use real tea leaves. Another plus!
5	Five stars for their exceptionally good bubble tea. They have a great variety that you can choose from. We come here all the time for their bubble tea. Instead of having bubbles, try red beans instead!Their food is so so, probably just three stars if solely base on food.Best bubble tea!
5	Great teas, lattes, and appetizer.  Wow, really enjoyed my iced vanilla latte, fried calamari, sweet potato fries, and salad.  Beautiful presentation.\\see my pics =)
4	We enjoyed the food for the most part.  Their Taiwanese sausage was great, leaner meat with right amount of spice.  Salt and pepper chicken was soft not crunchy, not the style we love. Sweet potatoes were very unique; chicken legs were not flavorful.  We went in during the busy time; the service was on the slow side.
5	GAHH I wish this place existed when I was a student in Montreal!! Nestled right in the Concordia area, this Taiwanese cafe sits conveniently on the corner of st. mathieu and Lincoln. There were two women working the counter taking orders and making the drinks when I walked in. Since my friend and I had been walking around all day, we wanted to sit down at a table and order a snack. You can certainly order things to go though. I am Taiwanese and grew up drinking bubble tea. This place offers an incredibly wide selection of teas, mostly freshly made. There is a small selection of powdered flavors, but why would you choose that when you can get the real stuff? Like all tea/beverage stands or shops in Taiwan, you can adjust the sweetness and ice level to your liking. I had the passion fruit tea, half sugar, and less ice which was perfect. The tapioca pearls were also cooked perfectly. I can't comment on the food since we only ordered their Japanese croquettes which were perhaps a bit under seasoned but still good.  I would definitely order it again. If only I still lived in Montreal, I would definitely be a regular!
4	Their teas is very good. However, I find their dishes are a bit on the sweet side, their beef noodles soup is on the sweet side. The soup suppose to be salty. Even their Jia Jian Mein was on the sweet side. If they are a bit easier on sugar I'm sure it will be better. I will still go back for their teas.
4	Amazing bubble tea - my favourite is jasmine green tea and just about all the oolong teas. I like getting the choice of small or regular size bobas, and the amount of ice/sugar in your drinks. I haven't tried their food, so I can't judge on that. The only reason I gave them a 4 is the wait time.
4	There is such a huge selection of tea here, it's fantastic. I had never had taro tea, but was told it was a favorite. I understand why:) each tea the four of us shared was fantastic. The key is to not get the Westernized bubble tea where they use the powder. We didn't try the food, but maybe next time:)
5	I had no idea what to expect going into this restaurant as this was my first experience with taiwanese food but man what a treat this was! They had a stacked list of teas to try hot cold or with boba. Our waiter was great and of course the best thing about the place...The food!! I ordered G05 on the menu which was the traditional taiwanese spicy beef noodle dish which was amazing (not like Vietnam pho because the broth is completely different). My mom got the taiwanese popcorn chicken and it was amazing too! Nothing like American popcorn chicken because I think they mince it first and spiced it very differently. Im so glad my mom spotted this gem because it was a great experience.  Everything we got was delightful and we will definitely be going back.
5	Best bubble tea. Try the taro, it's amazing with no chalky taste that many places have from the favoring powders.
4	best bubble tea  in Montreal for now
4	They sell pricey bubble teas and the food is average but I still go because of the taro bubble tea. It's exceptional. Once you get hooked you won't go back.
2	Came here on an evening where the restaurant was my second choice ..very unexpected..Anyway , they have moved to this location a couple weeks ago , the restaurant used to be small that it was such a surprise to come down here in such a big space . Restaurant seems to be doing good thou , 3/4 packed , lots of people arriving or taking drinks for to go.Regardless , I came here with a date for food as we were starving. Thereby , we didn't take any drinks --from my experience drink wise --it's not as bad as one would think. This review will focus on the food. We grabbed a Tonkatsu plate , a braise beef noodle soup and some sweet potatoes French fries.Let's start with the Tonkatsu, rice had soya sauce added, but a bit too much . I think that was the problem, too much of everything concerning the seasonings. For example , my chicken had too much of sauce --it made the entire plate way too sweet. Even the most decent part of the plate the salad --had too much sweet sauce . Overall , the plate wasn't as great as I had expected. Although , it is sort of my fault as I took a Japanese plate inside a Taiwanese plate , maybe the food of their cuisine is better --who knows maybe another yelper could tell me about it.The braise beef soup was average. Noodles are not homemade , and thereby , they come fresh from the frozen fridge. Beef was fresh and soft --not a bad quality of beef for the plate. I think it tasted just fine. Although, the soup of the plate was not too good , clearly there was a lack of flavour --as well as it didn't taste as spicy as it did . Think there was too much MSG , honestly I feel like that is how is tasted.As for the sweet potatoes fries , they are great and long. They changed their sizings of the potatoes comparatively to their last location. They were seasoned appropriately although , I think there was a bit too much salt. The salad that comes with it could be refreshing for some, it's the same as in my Tonkatsu plate, I guess it could help yourself to not feel too bad after finishing all the fries by yourself! Overall , this appetizer was good.So conclusion, restaurant is mediocre in terms of food , I guess it could be worth it if one wants to eat small things like appetizers and grab a drinks. However , I beg to differ in the scenario that one wants to try their meals as from my experience today , it really wasn't worth it.
4	My friends and I just dropped by to have a study session here. Their new location is so much more spacious! Decor looks more simple, and clean which I like a lot more than their old place on St. Matthieu.  Crowd is not too bad in the afternoon- around half full. I do know that it gets packed late weekend nights though. I ordered an azuki matcha Latte here and also dark roasted oolong. As always they provide tiny and regular boba - but now they also provide transparent bobas in the mix. Very interesting. I think my favourite remains their oolong milk teas (the flavor is pretty rich). And you can control the amount of sugar you want in your tea. I think their quality of tea has remained consistent over the move. I say this because I was really skeptical at first because my azuki matcha latte was a little blander than usual in comparison to when I had it in their older location. But I realized I had ordered less sugar.My friends tried the rose osmanthus milk tea and jasmine green milk tea. I really liked the jasmine green tea. Very rich. I was neutral with the rose tea because my friend ordered no sugar. I kind of like a bit of sugar in my teas . Of course there was a bit of a wait time because they are brewing tea bag by tea bag. But I suppose that our order came in faster than usual because the place isn't packed. Service here is usually quite good. Waitress are very attentive - and don't rush you like other places I've been to in other bubble tea cafes. Be warned, if you are here to surf the web - internet here is very unstable.  My only concern has always been the wait time. When it gets busy, I still have to wait around 10-15minutes. It's a drag if you are rushing.
3	Nos Thes can be either amazing or just OK, depending on what you're coming for.We ordered a few dishes for dinner: the popcorn chicken was interestingly spiced and breaded. Though it started out seeming like a wonderful alteration on the typical Taiwanese style, it got old a lot faster than I initially expected, as the mealiness of the breading got to me over time. The zha jiang noodles I had were neither spicy nor flavorful; just an overall disappointment.Where this place shines is its tea. So many places make their bubble tea sickeningly sweet, but Nos Thes offers an extensive list of full-bodied teas that strike a balance with the boba instead of just matching its sugar content.Come for the tea and skip the food.
