3	I don't know what it is about Panda Express- they just seem so boring to me.  Their foods are pretty fast-food, pedestrian, ho-hum. Fine for a quick fix.  I can't score them poorly because they do their job just fine.  The restaurant seems clean and although the line is a bit long sometimes, service appears to be pretty steady.  I rarely go to Panda Express but if you know exactly what you want here, it's an easy place to pop into for a quick meal or takeout.
3	Since panda express is a chain its all around so everything is the same. The service was pretty good. They were very friendly and the restaurant was clean
4	I live in Vegas and I have been to a number of Panda Express Restaurants and all have served very good food.  I like my food steaming hot and in particular this Panda Express off Silverado is the greatest.  I especially love their iced tea.  Too bad :( they do not have a drive up, but that's ok.  It's worth getting out of the car even to take home THE TAKE OUT.
2	Pretty much any other Panda Express I would give a 3 star rating, but this is the second time in a row that my food was stale.  The coating on the orange chicken had turned into some sort of crystallized membrane.I also witnessed them mixing in an old batch of food in with a new tray.  This is a serious health code violation.At 9 bucks for noodles, two entrees, and a soda it's almost better to go to an all you can eat chinese buffet for around the same price.When ordering "to go" they never include utensils.  It really sucks when you come home and realize that you don't have a fork.
5	I definitely am a big fan of the panda express chain, and just so happens 2 be closest 2 my house. :-)
4	Peppered shrimp is awesome with brown rice and fresh asparagus!  This is my go to place for a lunch on the go.  The staff is friendly and always willing to let you sample the dishes and pick a new favorite.  Cleanest Panda I've been to and cool/chic decor.
4	Guess my taste buds are changing as I get older!  I love this place now!  I love all the shrimp dishes!  The walnut shrimp is crunchy and sweet yes with walnuts in them.  OMG, I was in heaven.  I haven't been in a Panda Express for over 7 yrs.  Now that I've revisited it, I love it.
1	Horrible service every single time I come here for my food. But I just love the spicy eggplant tofu, so deal with it. But they are always out of it or just don't make it. They tell me it will be made if I order two orders of it,which I do and wait for 10 mins for it....and then they fill other others with it while I had paid and waited for it. Manger has the worst attitude, and on certain nights there is another young lady that has the worst squeaky accent ever and she talks to you like she is demanding you to order something.....I finally have decided to move on from this place....I just hope corporate re trains their staff In customer service.
1	So they were out of brown rice today. There are signs all over the store that say "we now have brown rice" and when I go to order it there is none. The cook was laughing when he said it would be 30 minutes until it was ready. Bad customer service.
1	Very slow service.waited 20 mins started with 3 others in front of me. Very very slow,....
3	Did you know you can download the panda express app, order, then just pick up your food from this store without waiting in line?This PandaX has recently been renovated and looks good.  The key issue for any PandaX is if they keep their food fresh and in the last year this location has been keeping it fresh.  I remember that for a while in 2011-2012 they slumped a bit in the fresh department but they are way better now.My personal favorite is the sweet fire chicken, it's got a good combo of sweet and spicy.
