4	It was so funky to see Betsey Johnson's store here. Although I will never wear Betsey, I know lots of my friends do love her stuff. Funky colors, bold styles, everything a strong personality would love to don.I can't believe there is more than one store on the strip, but then again, this is Vegas after all.Friendly staff even if you're just browsing.
5	There was a salesgirl named Jen here and she was great! She was this little bubbly thing and helped me get into my size four birthday dress........thanks!!!!!!
4	I went here for the buy one get one sale they were having last weekend. I usually get my Betsey dresses secondhand, but I thought I ought to get my earrings in the store.The store was pretty empty when I got there, which was great. Sometimes, they are just so crowded! It's hard to fit that many girls in a tiny store. ): The dressing rooms are cute and giant. The dresses are hundreds of dollars. The earrings start at twenty-five dollars and are unbelievably cute. I had a hard time choosing, but a woman who was excitedly taking advantage of the sale helped me out. Thanks, girl!I was pleased to see that the sales girls had a box full of prepackaged earrings, so when you pull them off the rack, they give you a new pair that nobody's touched and you don't have to wonder if you missed any designs because somebody just bought it.It's expensive, but if you've got the money, I can't think of a better place for party dresses!
5	The sa's here are so cute! We even got into a discussion about betsey johnson's in california, even when I only planned to skim some dresses and bounce! Very friendly staff and large selection of dresses, and even more on sale most of the time!
5	I was on my way to a club around 10:30 on Saturday night, when I realized that they don't open until 11 PM.  I had a little time to kill.  I was walking through Planet Hollywood and spotted Betsey Johnson.  I literally gasped.  I've always loved her dresses but hadn't been to a store.I walked in and was in awe at the amazing dresses.  I found one I wanted to try on, they had it in my size in another color.  They were having an amazing sale.  I put it on hold and went back the next day to buy it.Okay, of course I love the dresses or I wouldn't have gone in.... but Katie.  I had so much fun trying on dresses with her help.  Literally, I couldn't zip them on my own.  Katie gave honest opinions and figured out how much it was going to run me.  She was amazing.  Had I not met her I might not have walked out of there with a $400 dress under my arm.Thanks for the dreamy pretty in pink fashion show Katie!  Love you!
4	I stopped in this store - they were having a BOGO sale - I totally would have picked up something...but they only had one item that I really wanted, and I didn't have time to go through everything...I love Betsey and the girls here were fantastic - I wish I had more time...next time I'll carve out some time to spend here.
