1	the branch inside Fry's is now closed
4	I have some wonderful news which probably most people won't care about but that is beside the point.  I'm happy about it.This BAC branch is nearest to my home.  It is convenient so you'd think I would go in there most often when I need to do more than use the ATM.  WRONG!  Over the past few years the customer service has been a reflection of a string of branch managers who didn't seem appropriate to be in that position. I will share two examples with you.   One made you just not want to go in there, period, due to the charm she did not exude.   Another was nice enough but didn't seem to be really capable of doing the job. There other employees had to work with these people and some of them came with them it seemed, which made it worse.  I hold my bank to a higher standard as it is handling my money for me.  As a result, I guess I have higher expectations when I walk in the door as opposed to other businesses.Today, I either left my wallet at a restaurant that was closed before I could get back there lost it, or had it stolen.  When I discovered this, I realized that if I was going to get there before closing, I had to got to 20th St and Camelback.  If I hadn't felt I should have a temporary debit card to use in case of an emergency, I would have waited until the next day and gone else where.  Before I walked in the door, I reminded myself that as usual I'd better expect a long wait as was the case for even the most minor of things at this branch, among other things.It was a relief when a young gentleman, Christ Berry, a personal banker, who seemed to be better capable of giving customer service in the past was available to help me.  As we went through the process of doing what was necessary, Chris actually seemed happy and relaxed in what he was doing.  Another personal banker whose name I don't know was actually smiling when she came over to get something next to where I was sitting.  I finally told Chris that I usually dreaded coming in that branch because of the attitude that usually prevailed and how long things always took.  He asked me how long since I'd been in and went on to tell me that they had a new manager.   She'd been making some changes and customers seemed happy about it.  I couldn't argue.  He said he'd to like me to meet the new manager who turned out to be an assistant from one of the branches that I'd much prefer to go to.  Her name is Shaleen Scott who has been promoted from assistant at one of the branches I much prefer to go to.  She even recognized me even though we hadn't had that much actual personal contact.  She straightened out a problem caused by the bank itself one day and couldn't have been more gracious in the way she did it, one day so I recognized her immediately.  she also was pleasant enough to always take a moment to say hello when she say me in the future. The moral of the story is this.  It is a pretty safe to say if you aren't happy with your branch, try this one.  I'll be going back.  When it involves my finances, this is the kind of attitude I like to see.  After they closed the branch in Fry's across the street I was bummed  For as small as it was, I always felt appreciated there and could get things done promptly.   I felt this same attitude today so guess I can start using this branch again regularly.  What a relief!  Minor plus to all of this.  With the cost of gas, closer is always better!
4	Big Bank but very little personal touch.
4	Who would EVER think that breaking up with a bank, ESPECIALLY Bank of America (whom everyone knows I HATE!!!!), would be so bittersweet? I have opened accounts at local banks (Arizona State Credit Union and National Bank of Arizona) to shift as much of my business as possible to local businesses.Bank of America was just like that girlfriend (or boyfriend....trying to be equal opportunity here) who would NOT accept that it was over and move on. Trying to close my accounts was like pulling teeth. I sent a letter to the branch in California where I opened the account (because no one can seem to do anything ever if it's an out-of-state account) requesting the account be closed,. That letter was completely ignored. I then sent another letter (per the website instructions) to an address back  east again requesting closure of the account and pointing out that my last letter was ignored and not onset to the proper entity.I received a letter with a form that needed to be notarized and sent back east to close the account. Or I could go to any Bank of America location for assistance. I chose the latter and walked into this location expecting to be told they couldn't help me and preparing to have a few choice words with the bank manager.Instead I was greeted by the sweetest customer service associate, called Brianna. She was very helpful and efficient and did attempt to retain me as a customer. From our brief conversation she offered products and solutions to meet my financial needs and really put forth the warmest most genuine effort I have EVER experienced from a bank to deliver good service, look after me as a customer and retain my business.My experience with her really made me second guess my choice to leave Bank of America because I felt so looked after and cared about. Unfortunately, especially at Bank of America, for every one of Brianna, there are about 1,000 associates who are incompetent, could care less, have rotten attitudes or all of the above.  So it was with that thought that I followed through.I do have to say that  I have been impressed with other associates at this particular branch in the past. I recall a teller who had to deal with a rotten bitch of customer who was utterly rude and condescending. Without raising her voice or losing her cool, the teller gave that attitude RIGHT back to her. Unfortunately in customer service, killing customers with kindness sometimes invites more abuse so the best route may be to give it right back to an unreasonable person. This was one of those case and that teller handled it perfectly in my opinion. Needless to say, the bitch complained to the manager but after I concluded my business I went to the manager and told her how rotten that woman was and that the teller had, in my opinion, acted completely appropriately.So this branch really stands out as best as it possibly can for Bank of America. It is still plagued long lines and waits which is frustrating but the service here has been noteworthy more than once for me.I still believe firmly in supporting local business so I am happy with my decision to leave but for an institution which has demonstrated an consistent record of poor, impersonable service, this branch is a gem and I would recommend it to any Bank of American customers.As for Brianna, she should be promoted to head of customer service because she could really make a difference I think in improving customer service at Bank of America. Her warmth and personality and caring nature make her better suited to a local bank.
4	Their online "my portfolio" is the best in the business. All other banks request switching but none can compare to BofA online.. and they know it.
