5	This private golf course went through a major renovation last year.  Many of the holes were updated with new hazards and the greens were all renovated.  Having played this golf course dozens of times over the years I was excited when a friend of mine invited me to play as I haven't played it since the renovation.It was the 2nd week of December and the weather was perfect!  Temperatures in the low 60's, sunny, and no wind!  Are you kidding me?!  This is truly Golf Nirvana!The newly renovated course plays a lot different than the old course.  The greens are much faster than they were and many of the greens were made smaller with a lot of undulations.....what this means is it's difficult to get the ball to stick on the green and putting is 10x more difficult.The fairways and rough were in excellent condition.The only thing I don't like about this golf course is that there's no beverage cart.  There's a snack shack on 3 and 14 or you can grab a bite/drink at the turn.  It's not too bad in the Winter, but in the Summer you wish there were more opportunities to buy beverages.Some other things I love about this course is that they give you complimentary Bottled Water and Apples between the number 1 and 10 tees.  Additionally, this golf course is located in the community where the real life characters that were featured in the movie Casino actually lived.  You can see the house where Robert De Niro's real life character in the movie lived, which is located off the 15th hole, 5th house on the left.Overall, it was a great golfing experience....I didn't do so well on the course, but like they say "A bad day of Golf is better than a good day without Golf".Other notes about this place....- You can rent out space for events here.....Weddings, Parties, Corporate Events.  I've hosted and attended several events in the past, they do a great job here.- There's a Tennis Club with several courts.  Over the summer they have a kids Tennis camp program.Will I return?  I can't wait!
5	very nice property.
5	Went away on a weekend golf trip with the boys.  Dealt again with VIP Golf (great company) and wanted to play some nice courses.  Our criteria was nice courses but not terribly far from the Strip.  They had a few private country clubs available for play to the public.  This course fit our needs perfectly.  It was only a 5-7 min drive from Palazzo and was reasonably priced ($180 per player Fri 11:40am).Service:  No one met us at the front.  There was a phone that I picked up and someone came right away to get our bags.  Starter was really nice and helpful.  There is no cart lady so you have to stock up at the snack bar (after hole 3 and 14).  They give you a few bottles of water in your cooler.  Golf:  Driving range and practice facility is nice.  The course was in really great condition overall.  The fairways were lush.  Tee boxes level.  The greens were probably in the worse shape (not saying much).  They were recently mowed so were hard and fast.Over all a very very enjoyable round of golf.  The view was great with the hotels in the backdrop.  We were a twosome and finished in 3.5hrs.  Will definitely return
5	This place is a classic.  Completely reminds me of old Vegas and my stepdad, who was a mover and shaker many moons ago.  The kind of guy who wore a suit to gamble; classy.  Anyway....I have attend numerous lunches at the Las Vegas Country Club over the past year.  The food is always good and the servers are fantastic.  I love their creme brulee in little cupcake-type cups.  Yum!  I also planned a lunch there in 2012.  The staff was organized and professional.  The participants who attended thought the food was excellent and enjoyed the ambiance.  I hope places like this don't go away as Las Vegas consistently seeks the newest and best places.
1	A place where old elephants go to die.  An equity membership goes on forever!  If you die, your spouse and children will be responsible for paying the dues each month.  The only way out is to pay someone to take your membership.  There is no transparency to anything that goes on.  A bunch of crooks who sucker you in by offering an equity membership at no cost.  Once you are an equity member, you can never get out.  If you are late with a payment, they tack on interest and penalties and if you are a month late, they suspend your membership but keep compounding your dues.  Then, they charge a fee to reinstate your membership. If you don't ever receive the "membership certificate" that they claim they sent, you have to pay another fee and file a "lost certificate fee". And last , but not least, the clubhouse smells like a geriatric ward.
4	Not a bad chicken dinner for a business event.  Up-charge on cocktails is reasonable for non-members.  Excellent grounds.  Nice old school style.
5	Old school with some new flavor. The taste of decor in this place is updated with a classic feel. I only saw the front dining room but I was well impressed.
5	This golf course is so nice! You can tell the manager cares about his members and really makes sure your needs are met! Looking forward to more events here and I'll be telling all my friends about this place!
5	Christina was the best coordinator ever. She helped us plan an absolutely beautiful wedding. Jesus, the head server was also a total rock star. He made all of our guests feel so important and welcome, and I was never without champagne! I can't reccommend LVCC enough.
5	My wife's brother just got married here. It was a wonderful experience attending as a guest. We enjoyed the ceremony, as well as the reception that followed.Google maps for some reason directed us to the residential area next to the country club. We quickly realized and fixed our route.The ceremony:The scenery was quite beautiful. We were outside on the grass adjacent to the golf course. It seems like the perfect place to have an outdoor ceremony. A few people were golfing, but it was not a distraction at all.Reception:Hors d'oeuvres were served immediately following the ceremony. My family was required to stay with the wedding party in order for the photographer to take pictures. As a result, we missed some of the hors d'oeuvres. I did get to try one of them, the shrimp cocktail. It was nice, succulent, decent sized shrimp.I have three kids, and we weren't sure if there would be highchairs at the reception tables. A staff member named Lameer was very kind and helped us get two high chairs. Another staffer (forgot his name) was able to sneak us five apple juices, since there were no kid drinks available at the bar. My wife watched the kids while I went to get our dinner plates. A lady staffer offered to help hold one of my plates while I was filling the other. Overall, a very friendly and professional staff.The dinner was buffet style. There was an array of items: pasta salad, caprese salad, garden salad, chicken, steak, mashed potatoes, vegetables, and a wide variety of desserts. (I wish I had snapped more food pics, but I was busy watching my kids and just trying to maintain control of them while simultaneously trying to mingle and enjoy the moment.)In conclusion, Las Vegas Country Club is a great venue for a wedding and reception. I enjoyed the ceremony and reception despite taking care of three kids. The staff was very accommodating and helpful (which made our visit here much easier).
