5	This a great find, especially for Chandler!!! I prefer this place more than Rush Coffee. The lay of this place is open and LOTS of comfy couches to relax and mingle with your friends.This has a very modern feel and look that is very inviting. Not only is the design of the place good, but the company is partnered with organizations that have a cause to fight: Blood: Water Mission, Kiva, Boys & Girls Club, World Vision, The Water Project, and so much more. They welcome donations to help fight causes throughout the community. This is going to be my new place to come!! Although, they have limited hours - which could deter some new clients... maybe if they get enough traffic through the door, they'd think about changing their time schedules.
5	I'm here at least twice a week for work.This is true community spot. Forget Starbucks. SoZo is the new black. Great and unique coffee drinks are whipped up quick and carefully. This is the good stuff people, high quality coffee, with lots of options. Soy, sugarfree, you name it.  I die for the hazelnut or vanilla lattes. And a doppio will really get you going after a long night. They have a large space with a small bar for sitting, sofas, chairs, and outdoor seating. They also boast a super awesome play room for your grommits so you can hang out and get some work done or play too! Just a really lovely spot where you can hang out and meet your neighbors while getting your morning coffee!
3	The coffee here is great, the internet is free and fast, and there are lots of good places to sit and work.  But it's rather expensive for the meager sized drinks you get.  And perhaps my visit here was a fluke, but there are about 10 moms just parked here with several kids each.  It doesn't make for a particularly good work environment.  Kids running around, screaming, throwing things.  It's impossible to concentrate.  I know the coffee shop isn't responsible for this, but they certainly don't discourage it either.  Sadly, I won't be returning.  If I can't concentrate, there's really no point to my visit.
5	From regular (pour over method, which I had never experienced before) coffee to the slightly sweet Turkish Coffee (ultra fine grind, with a tiny bit of sugar), the drinks here are superb. I confess I'm not a "fancy" coffee drink kind of guy, so I don't know about all that, but the basics can't be beat.The staff is friendly, helpful and attentive, and the atmosphere (the place is huge!) is very comfortable. For all my fellow writers out there, this is a great place to get some electronic ink down.Excellent coffee, super staff, good prices. If you like those, this is a place you've got to try.
4	Just moved to Chandler, AZ from North Carolina a few weeks ago, and was looking for a local coffee spot to support. I went to SoZo on a Monday afternoon and there was only one other person there. I'm sure that's partly due to the fact that the location is a little conspicuous, but taking the time to find SoZo is worth the wait! The coffee shop is spacious with comfy couch seating. I enjoyed the music selection.  The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the coffee experience. This was the first pour-over coffee I've had and it beat chain coffees by a long shot! I will definitely be back!
4	First off, the coffee was amazing. I am not into all the fufu caramel mocha whatever drinks with whipped cream on top. I am a straight up americano or latte kind of guy. (just realized how lame that sounds, but it's the truth). I got an iced latte on my first visit to see what SoZo is about. Yum. This is what coffee is supposed to taste like in my opinion.The service was excellent. A friendly woman took my order. She was super polite, and outgoing. The shop itself was average to me, and there were long gaps between songs so the conversation I was having with a friend became awkward at times. You know when you are talking loudly because there is music on.. then the music stops, and it is dead quiet, so you have to wait for another song to start before you continue you conversation? Ya, that sucks.. For that alone, I subtracted one star.
4	Good coffee and friendly service. We were there for open mike night, they were pretty busy and the music was mostly good. Large room so not the coziest place but great for live music.
5	Coffee with a Cause - Charitable organizationPour over coffee - the Best you can find in ChandlerIced Toddy's - DeliciousFriendly serviceVery roomy spaceMusic at night - with open-mic nightsNo food - just light pastry snackingGames, Books, etc availableWant this place to succeed so go try it out & spread the word!!!
3	I went here yesterday because I had a living social deal for 6 coffees (whoa!). So the place is kind of hidden in the 99 cent store strip mall, but once I was there I realized the coffee shop space was huge! It's a nice space, not super 'coffee shop' -esque, but nice. There was not lack of places to sit. Also, the barista, I think her name was Christine (?), was very friendly, and I learned she was volunteering there yesterday to cover someone's lunch.... that is super nice. So I ordered a latte and a chocolate chip scone. The latte was just alright, definitely not the best I've had in town, but I would still prefer it to Starbucks. The scone was extremely sweet, not bad, but not  something I would necessarily order again. If you like very sweet desserts, that one is for you! I think it'd be nice to support this business as it does donate to charity and  it has a nice family owned feel.p.s. they have live music on Saturday nights.
5	How do I love SoZo.  Let me count the ways.First, they actively support local music: i.e., there is live music every Friday and Saturday night, they have a monthly Open Mic weekend (that's Friday & Saturday night back to back), a jazz combo plays on Saturday late mornings/lunch time, and they host other local music projects/groups (such as the quarterly Songwriter's Challenge-go to azopenmic.com for more on that).  Second, they have a good sized stage with a permanent P.A. setup and drum set.  Plug and play, kids.  Oh, and a djembe, too.Third, there is a kids' playroom in the back, and another room across the hall for smaller meetings/groups.  The main area is large, open, and comfortable with a good selection of couches, tables, bar space, bistro seating, wood chairs, cozy chairs.  Whatever mood your bum is in, they have a place for you to put it in.  Fourth, the atmosphere is relaxed, inviting, with music playing.  It's not too quiet that you can't talk; it's not too loud that you can't think.  Also, they have free Wi-Fi.  Fifth, I'm finally getting to the actual product: their coffee.  I'm a former Starbucks barista, and this place makes way better drinks.  I admit, I put whipped cream on everything, and SoZo does not have whipped cream, which initially was a disappointment.  However, after tasting the delicious latte that was made for me (half almond-half vanilla breve), I didn't miss it a bit.  The flavors blended beautifully; there was no bitter espresso jab halfway through swallowing.  In short, the coffee here is so good that is doesn't need whipped cream.  For me, that's saying a lot.Sixth, their service is personal.  When my drink is ready, the barista brings it to me where ever I'm seated.  I really love that - versus listening for my name (or drink identifier) to be yelled out, praying it's written and pronounced correctly, and making a mad dash for the bar like a Pavlovian dog.  Seventh, the owners and workers here are the kind of people you want to be around and associate with.   You know that they're good folks when they regularly donate proceeds to human interest non-profit groups (both locally and globally).  They keep collection bins in their front window area for various organizations that distribute items to homeless, abuse victims, or economically disadvantaged populations.  Beyond that, the staff (including management) is friendly, genuine, approachable, and massively cool.  Eighth, they have a frequent drinker card.  'Nuff said.Ninth, they keep their events page current on facebook.  That may not be terribly important to some, but when several musical events are happening within the week, it's reassuring to know that the owners are on top of it and communicating information with their patrons.Are there any negatives to SoZo?  They don't have a drive-thru and they're not directly on the 202.  That's about it.  Go support them today.
5	This is an amazing story.  This coffee shop has much more than meets the eye...This coffee shop is not here to make a buck, they are there with a mission for coffee and people.  I saw this right away.  They care and want to be there.  Now you would expect that they coffee would be so so then, but you would be wrong!  They have amazing coffee drinks and pour over coffee.  They even have a few horchata drinks that blew my mind.  They are now open late Thursday, Friday and Saturday with live music.  They actually have a stage mix in this large coffee shop.
5	This place has very good coffee in a surprisingly cool atmosphere for a strip mall. The people behind the counter are super friendly. I love the fact that they use their proceeds to fund useful organizations and they use locally roasted beans. :-)
5	This place has the essentials that I'm always looking for in a coffee house, good coffee, friendly staff, fast WiFi and a comfortable environment.  SoZo has a combination of all of these, plus there is the benefits that you know some of your proceeds go to charity!
5	Wonderful customer service and a great coffee.  Leaps and bounds better than the corporate place down the street!
4	My son and I were headed to the another shop at the end of the shopping center and I drove by SoZo and told him hey there is a coffee shop right now, so we turned the car around and went to check it out.  Now I do goto Starbucks a lot, but I am all about the local coffee houses too,  plus my son and I love coffee!We went in and were greeted by Megan, she was our barista, and she was helpful explaining how the menu works, if you walk in with the frame of mind of wanting to get a Starbucks drink you will have to rethink your order. SoZo's macchiato is 2 shots of expresso with small amount of foamed milk, only saying this because my fav sb drink is carmel macchiato.  SoZo my friend is a real coffee house.My son had his 1st cup expresso, he got the Doppio.  I ordered a Carmel Latte,  both our coffees were great! The coffee shop is a nice size and it does make you feel at home, my son and I stayed about a hour and just drank our coffee, read and enjoyed the vibe,  I did see that they offered free wifi and when I tried to connect, it was locked, needed  a password, but I never asked Megan for the password. So it could just be locked to keep the other stores from jumping onto it. Megan also let us know that they have music acts on the weekend and Friday night is open mic night, might have to check that out!Great little coffee house, nice little local find! I will be back!
2	I am amazed and confused by the 5 star ratings by most reviewers of this coffeehouse. My first visit to SoZo Coffeehouse was a grave disappointment. I think they mean well, but the execution was quite flawed. The menu board is cryptic at best, with no explanations or prices, so you have to waste everyone's time asking for explanations. At least the young woman who waited on me was very friendly and didn't seem to mind explaining the menu. Co-chata (a latte made with horchata instead of milk) sounded interesting, but I chickened out and ordered a small latte. It was not especially hot, and the flavor was mediocre at best. I'm not sure where they source their beans, but the final product was weak and did not have a good roasted flavor.Some friends had heard that there would be live music at SoZo on Monday night. I love live music and was thrilled to hear that this local business supports it. Friends were told it was a national act, so we decided to check it out. The music started half an hour late (not uncommon with live performances I know, but still annoying). The band, such as it was, (normally 5 members, but only one regular and a substitute showed up) was definitely aimed at a younger crowd than my friends and I. Very screamy with uninspired guitar playing, but the lead guy sure could stomp his foot. We left as soon as we thought we could without being rude. I threw away over half my latte on the way out.The place is quite large for a coffeehouse, however the ambiance was not inviting, comfortable or cozy, in my opinion.I realize everyone's taste in music and coffee is different, but I thought both the music and the coffee left so much to be desired that I won't be going back. And, by the way, my two companions felt the same way.
4	great chai   !!!  this place has alot of room to move around and enjoy your coffee and wifi...
4	Love the concept and my latte was delicious!  This coffee house is big, roomy and has lots of great options for your seating of choice.I agree that they should list their pricing on their big list of menu items and perhaps offer a little more in the bakery selection, but the coffee is reasonably priced $4 latte and the big biscotti was delicious. They even have a kids play room which I thought was ingenious!
4	I went to Sozo because I had a Living Social voucher that was about to expire. They gave me a card that I can come and get the rest of my voucher drinks with and told me it does not expire.I had a Turkish coffee and a HorchaTea. The Turkish coffee tasted good, but the grounds were too big and they ended up floating in my cup; I grew up in a country where Turkish coffee is the standard and I remember it being creamy, with very fine coffee grounds. I definitely recommend making some adjustments here... otherwise it turns out watery, and the floating, large coffee grounds are not pleasant. The HorchaTea was delicious.They were having a folk music festival that day and I enjoyed listening to one of the artists. The two barristers were nice and thanked me for supporting their local business.The coffee shop is rather spacious, with mostly abstract, contemporary art on the walls (just my style, I don't enjoy the First Friday "this is what I painted while smoking up" type of art that you find in most other local coffee shops), and they have live music Fridays and Saturdays. I look forward to going back.
5	This place rocks! If you are looking for a relaxed atmosphere with friendly staff, awesome beverages/food at great prices, this is the place for you.Live music on select nights...always a plus! Highly Recommended!
4	Great coffee spot with friendly baristas and lots of room to spread out. This place is perfect for study sessions and meeting with friends. They've got a little something for everyone. Plenty of tables, couches, kids play room, and a small patio area. Pretty sure it's too close to the entry for the smokers though(if that's your thing). The coffee is great, good quality and they know how to pull a shot. Mango tea is also to die for. Love the concept and the community responsibility this place promotes. It's a positive environment, "coffee with a cause". I've only just stopped in for a quick coffee while they had open mic, it gets kinda loud and packed but looks pretty popular. As with any open mic, there's good and bad but it's entertaining to say the least.I don't live very close but when I'm in the area I stop by and am always glad I did. Support local businesses and see for yourself, too many independent coffee shops don't get the recognition they deserve.
4	I had the *hardest* time finding this place.. circled around Warner and Alma School because the Yelp map was a bit confusing.  Once I found it, I really enjoyed it.  Granted, it was the afternoon on a week day, but the owners nevertheless were friendly and very talkative and the place, though a bit empty and maybe a little too bright, was welcoming and relaxing.  I liked all the couches they had... very inviting to relax.They had a few baked goodies (biscotti - the cranberry and orange flavor were different from the usual chocolate/vanilla ones and it was very tasty) and some of these yummy Bobo's Oat Bars (the coconut is my favorite, but they had just ordered it and it wasn't in yet)... but, most importantly, they had a delicious latte.. freshly ground and pulled correctly so it was very enjoyable.I def will come back one of these evenings.. a great place to read, study, work on your laptop, etc.
5	Went here with my family to hang out for a while, the place is SUPER nice. When you walk in there are a lot of sofas/chairs/tables with chairs. So you could come by yourself or with a group. I had the iced Americano with caramel and I loved it! Staff is friendly, they also have a playroom which is nice for moms/dads. Also a portion of the profits they make go towards a charity, and they have live music on Friday nights. I will definitely be back to get coffee next time I'm in town.
4	I love SoZo!! I haven't been back to Starbucks since we discovered this gem! The prices are reasonable, the coffee is delicious, the service could not be more friendly and there are plenty of roomy chairs and sofas! The owners have thought of everything playroom for kids, live music, board games, bakery items and free WiFi. And I love the fact that I am contributing to a good cause with each latte that I order! The only thing that I would change are their hours....I would so enjoy picking up a SoZo java on my way to work, but they do not open until 8 am.
4	Cool coffee spot with a spacious playroom for the kiddos.  (Note: The playroom is only open from 9-11 a.m.)  Loads and loads of toys for the kids to play with.  It's a great spot for those of us with little ones because how often can we go to a coffee shop and sit down with friends?  Not often because the kids want to play, explore, and otherwise go crazy.  SoZo provides a spot for all of us to be happy!
4	Met up with an old friend here, and it was lovely! I got an iced mint tea, which was delicious. The cashier was really friendly and informative (my friend was having trouble deciding what to order, and she gave great suggestions!), and there was free Wi-Fi! The sofas were really comfy too, which is always a plus. The only thing that made me give it 4 stars (instead of 5) is that it was almost eerily quiet inside. There weren't many people there on a Saturday afternoon, so I feel like everything my friend and I were talking about was easily audible to everyone else. Of course, the quiet would definitely be appreciated if I were trying to get work done there, so I guess it's just a matter of personal preference. I will be going back to Sozo soon!
4	Thank you Yelp!!I was looking for a local coffee shop near my house and was thrilled when I saw that this place was right down the street from me. This place is very roomy and is a great place to spend a few hours and get some work done! I always have a hard time finding a place to work when I go to chains like Starbucks and Coffee Bean, but I had so many options here! Comfy couches galore!As for the actual coffee... Delicious! I chose a macadamia nut soy latte and it was so yummy. The pricing isn't bad either. I think it was a little over $4 for a large (and that was with the soy milk up-charge). It was so good that I drank it WAY too fast and kind of spazzed myself out. I couldn't help myself! Such a great find! I'll definitely be back!
5	I am so happy I stumbled across Sozo to satisfy my Chai addiction. The people working there are wonderful and friendly.  The drinks are delicious. I always get the iced chai and it makes my heart smile. So good!They always have the best music playing while I relax, read, and drink. Bon Iver is heavenly to wind down to after a stressful afternoon of shopping.It used to crack me up when I saw mommy play dates. A group of 3-5 women with babies in tow gossiping about husbands and  recent baby recalls . . . but soon after giving birth to my daughter I joined the ranks of Sozo mommy time.  With a large playroom for the little ones and even space to sprawl out, it is so convenient and appealing to people of all ages. While my daughter and I play in the playroom, my boyfriend is sharpening his chess skills while sipping his latte.  Sozo is relaxing, friendly and they go up and beyond their duties to give back to people and their community.
3	Go for the Big Train Chai, stay for the wifi.  The owners have a good heart, and a great happy hour special (large drink for $2.50).Room for improvement: I've seen someone else mention the menu board.  Posting prices seems to be a weird thing to skip, but they are no where to be seen.  Also, the room's open layout doesn't lend to private conversations.  Perhaps breaking it up a bit with bookshelves or folding screens and create cozy spaces, that would be nice.  Especially since a lot of the afternoon patrons are students from the nearby private schools, the older crowd may appreciate a quieter corner.
5	Four words: THEY. HAVE. ALMOND MILK. HUZZAH! Soy/dairy haters unite at this fabulous coffee shop!!! I was here one night for a record-release listening party and got an iced almond milk chai and it was fabulous. My taste-buds sang the gospel of the heavens upon first sip. This place is not super close to my house but I now drive out of my way to get an iced almond milk chai. If you haven't tried it, you must. Also, the staff is so incredibly friendly and funny. Whoever did the hiring deserves a high-five, or even a hand-hug. Definitely a hand-hug. Apparently they also have live music here a lot, as they have a small stage and drum-kit. Now of course writing this review has made me want another iced chai, so I will probably be stopping in tomorrow...if this was next to my house I'd probably go every day.
4	The staff is really nice and makes a genuine effort to have an engaging conversation with you, it takes a little while to get your drink and a lot of them are overly sweet, but t has a very open feel and great atmosphere and live music sometimes. Great place!
4	Great atmosphere and staff!
5	Very relaxing, casual atmosphere. Parents bring their kids, music is being played and the workers are very attentive, the scent of coffee keeps you smiling. Two weeks ago I read some poetry there at open mic and although I was the only poet who read they made me feel welcomed. I haven't tasted their food so i'm not sure about their menu but as for the owner, she seems very sweet. I can't wait again for another open mic night. I will for sure try something in their menu.
5	I heard about this place by word of mouth and decided to drop in as I was passing it one day. I was surprised by the spaciousness of it. I was greeted by the lady owner (whose name I didn't get), but I had a lovely European-style cappuccino and she even gave me a free (and entirely delicious) almond cookie.I was by myself so sat along the bar counter and we had a good chat and I learned a lot about the business and what happens there in the evening and at weekends.A total local gem and a real breath of fresh air from the formulaic and frankly ridiculously overpriced chain coffee houses. Long live Sozo!
3	Service. So. Slow. I want my Starbucks quick service.
5	This little gem, buried in a big strip mall is one of the best kept secrets i've found in Chandler. The place itself is easy to miss, located next to a massive furniture outlet but don't be fooled, it is actually much larger than it looks. Inside you'll find a wide open venue complete with a stage for nightly music. I haven't been in the evenings but I imagine it would be a cool place to hang out. The couches are comfortable and provide a nice laid back atmosphere for enjoying your coffee, surfing the web or chatting with friends. Speaking of the coffee, prepare to be amazed. I am a coffee lover and SoZo has the best coffee I have had anywhere in Arizona. The selection of drinks and flavors is enormous and included unconventional choices such as sugar free macadamia nut. Lately I have been sticking with Americanos because I am trying to avoid really sugary drinks. The espresso here is the best I have had. It has a rich, deep, slightly sweet flavor that is perfect with just a touch of creamer. I've heard rave reviews about the cubano and other drinks as well. Anyways if you are in the area and love coffee definitely gives this place a shot. You won't be disappointed.
4	I really enjoyed my sf macadamia nut almond milk iced coffee!!!
5	Great spot. Great drinks. Great cause!
5	This place is one of those hip Friday/Sat night spots you want to hit up. It's hidden away in the shopping plaza but be aware that it does get crowd Fri/sat night due to live music performance usually by solo artist with amazing voices and gifts. The coffee is fantastic there as they offer more shots than Starbucks for the same price. It's not Starbucks fast but you can taste the quality of the coffee they make for you. They also make little designs in your latte which is a charming touch to the place. Me and my wife go there at least once a week now to check out new performing artist and sip on coffee and teas.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I absolutely love it here, coffee is great, the environment is peaceful and spacious.  If you want a place you can go and study, take your laptop, listen to live music, play board games... This is the place. There is also happy hour, I think it's after 2, you can get reduced prices on your coffee. Sozo is open late (10 PM), so if you want a great date place on a Friday you can go listen to open mic night.After visiting a few times I also discovered they have church services on Sundays. Excellent environment, I have tried several non-denominational congregations but wasn't able to find one I liked until I came here. It's friendly, welcome, and somewhere that doesn't make you feel like an oddball for going alone.
5	WooHoo as gooood as it gets! I sometimes meet with clients there and buy them a coffee, and everyone of them now gets their coffee at Sozo. There is room to move and sit at a table without being on top of someone like at other coffee houses where your cramped and if you have a computer there is nowhere to sit. Not at Sozo plenty of room and couches if you choose to hang with a friend for awhile, and listen to some live music on the weekend nights. Great feel, Great people and service. ONE of my Favorites is the cold brew Ice Toddy, add a flavor if you want Smooth baby.
4	great deal for the capachino i ordered, and can't beat some local amateur music. coffee was kind of week.
3	Nice cozy location, great hours, friendly staff, free wi-fi.  Unfortunately I just didn't like the coffee or food.  I had a coffee and a cinnamon roll and both tasted a bit stale.  This would be a great place to hang out with your friends, but I'll go somewhere else for a simple coffee fix.  Worth a taste.
1	lame
2	I am looking for a small coffee place (not Starbucks or Dunkin). I decided to go there because of the reviews. The coffee was good but it took more then 5 minutes to get 2 coffees and neither of them had the flavor shots in them. Maybe it was the woman who served me. I'll give then one more shot.
3	Normal but pretty good coffee joint
2	Coffee is generic, inconsistent, and not very good. Staff are generally nice. Venue is nice and feels like a coffee shop should.
3	Nice layout and atmosphere, but the coffee could use some work. Had a cappuccino that was great. The mocha, not so much. Not sure if it's the syrups they use for flavoring, but the chocolate in it tasted weird. The coffee is bitter. The chai had separated and all the spice was at the bottom of the cup. Does take a long time to receive a drink, but I've never been in a hurry while waiting. The plus is that my drinks are always hot. Also, wish they had a menu with prices and a description of the drinks. The staff is usually friendly.
1	I'm from out of town and we thought we'd go to the local coffee shop vs. Whole Foods for the Almond Milk.  Day 1 Visit:  They open at 8:-00 (strange for a coffee shop).  We were there at 8am and the espresso machine wasn't working.  We didn't get espresso.  Day 2 Visit: No one showed up for work at 8.  Someone from another store came out to apologize and say the owner was on the way.  If we waited, free coffee.  We left for Whole Foods as we were in a hurry.  We won't be back.
5	Nice, safe place to hang out at.  When my daughter was doing Bible study with kids from her school, they would meet here and I loved it was close to school and a safe, warm, inviting, roomy environment.
5	Love this local establishment. Not only does it have a great staff, great coffee & tea, but promotes and supports one of the greatest things on earth - music! A must go to if in Chandler, AZ!
5	This place has it all...great coffee, great people, great mission, great atmosphere, live music...need I say more???
1	The music scene here is mediocre at best.  HIRE better musicians and you guys would have a great shop.  I know because I've been in the music scene here in the valley for over 30 years.Coffee is exactly like the music... Mediocre at best. I'd rather go to Starbucks.
4	I really love this place, but I don't get to enjoy it as much as I'd like. The hours of operation are a little inconvenient for me, as I typically get coffee between 6-8 am on both Saturday and Sunday, but SoZo is  closed Sundays and opens at 8 all other days. That's my only gripe. Otherwise, they have great coffee, a great atmosphere, and great staff.
5	Between the amazing and super friendly owners, the seriously delicious coffee, the comfy seating, the pastry & drink options for my little ones & the giant playroom, this coffee shop is my go to when we need to get out of the house but want to stay indoors. My husband goes there to work from his laptop too. LOVE this place
5	Love this place.  Great environment with comfy sitting arrangements.  Friendly staffs and unique coffee and teas. My favorite is Chai Latte and their coffee cake!
5	This place is very eclectic, good and different than the large corporate coffee place that dominates the area! I just wish there were other coffee houses closer to where I live! The barista was very sweet and when my cookie was stale, she apologized and quickly replaced it with a fresher one. There are several couches and tables to encourage hanging out and relaxing! The coffee is strong which I love and there is plenty of seating so people can work or visit without someone else being so close they can hear...great place and I would highly recommend!!
5	Love this place! !! I've been with friends several times.  Very friendly staff.  Great atmosphere.  I love the live music at night.  The coffee is great (I love the mocha) and the cupcakes are delicious! !
4	Since I work from home, it's often nice to get out to a new spot to get coffee and a change of scenery. Sozo has always had plenty of seats (don't read no one comes here) and I've had a few meetings here where I didn't want a group on top of me during our conversation. This was the perfect spot for public meeting spot, but with some level of privacy. Happy Hour prices in the afternoon (half price?). Friendly staff.
5	Salted caramel and cinnamon toast crunch lattes are life changing!
5	What a gem! And even more it's just down the way from my work! Peaceful  but funky cool environment, Great coffee and great prices!
5	A great local coffee shop with great staff! The drinks they produce are quality and they offer a great place to hang out. With lots of seating options ranging from couches, bar, or tables you can stay awhile.
4	Live music, free WiFi, affordable drinks, board games, relaxed seating. We really enjoyed this place. I had the mixed berry green tea, I'd give it a 7/10 for green teas. Only wish they had a few more green tea choices...
