5	We are so glad to be involved with Life. My family has met new friends, heard great messages and truly feel the love that this church has for people. Keep up the Great work.
5	Simply put: being a member of Life has grown my relationship with God.  Great people that truly care about living the Christ life.  I've been to dozens of churches and Pastor Paul is always applicable, on point, and never dumbs it down or avoids a difficult topic.  Whether you're a seeker, new to town, or passing through, you'll find a community of believers being genuine.  Hope you'll join us.
5	The first time we visited Life, we knew it was going to be our "church home."  You can always count on sound, applicable preaching but that isn't exactly what makes Life special - it's the people.  Friendliness cannot be faked and Life is a friendly environment from the second you enter the doors.  I can honestly say that both my and my wife's faith has been strengthened and our children have been introduced to Jesus Christ.  What more can you ask for from a local church?
5	Here's what I think of these aspects of Life Baptist Church- Teaching - Straight from the Bible and applicable to your life delivered by a great pastor who is not afraid of the truth. It's fun without being watered down and too basic or self help. Expect to read from your Bible and be challenged! Mostly expository preaching but sometimes topical.My knowledge and experience of God's grace has grown dramatically since I joined this church in 2013.  - Worship Music - Awesome. Upbeat and filled with new and old songs. It's not a performance, but people using their talent to worship God as they lead others. If its too loud for ya, sit near the back :)- People - Friendly and welcoming and just lots of good people who want to share their lives with each other and want to see others grow. - Kids Stuff - I don't have kids yet but there are TONS of them and they all seem to like it so they must be doing something right! I love how the kids join the adults in the worship service.There are groups for college and youth too. - Small groups - there are always new groups starting out or you can join one that's already going. The group we are a part of has been so great for us to learn from and pray with and cry with sometimes. There are groups on all parts of town.  - Serving - I'm always amazed at how many people serve in the church and the community and the hearts that they have for God. We send out missions teams and help equip and train pastors.
5	By becoming involved in the ushering team and playing on the men's softball team I have found many great friends. Thanks for being an open and loving church
5	Not just a church, it's our family.  We love this place and the people there.  Our kids are sad when we don't make it.
