4	There's not too much to say because it is a dentist's office but it really is set up for kids. The toddler never seems to mind going (he also doesn't talk so who knows) and when the exam is over the patient gets a token to get a prize from one of the machines. Clearly the highlight of the visit. My only gripe is sometimes we're stuck in the albeit very cool waiting room for a while before we're called in. At least there are things to entertain the toddler.
5	Dr. Culp and his staff are so good at what they do. I love that they talk to my daughter directly, explaining each step of the process to her instead of telling me what she needs to do. This makes her take responsibility for her own treatment. Their office decor is fun for the kiddos too!
5	We had a very pleasant 1st experience at Jungle Roots! My 3-year-old was not at all afraid to be at the dentist's office. She enjoyed playing in the jungle themed waiting room and was able to wear sunglasses and hold a stuffed animal during the exam. Dr. Culp was gentle and made sure to answer all our questions. After the exam they gave both my daughter and my son (who wasn't seen) a token for a prize and a choice of toothbrush. I think my kids will be eager to go back!
5	My son had his first initial appointment today & we had such an amazing experience that I have not even left the office yet and just had to write that i highly recommend Jungle Roots to anyone who has children who fear the dentist.. My son was one of them & had such a great experience that he is anxious to come back for his next check up!!! Two thumbs up!!
5	"Dr Culp - you're a miracle worker! I was so impressed with your work today and your ability to fill a cavity for my 5 year old.  Thanks for giving me all the assurances I needed that conscious sedation would go smoothly.  He experienced NO pain or stress whatsoever.  I trusted you completely and everything turned out perfectly.   Oh my goodness...you're good! You know how to speak to children and make them understand what you're doing. The positive reinforcement goes miles with children.  At this rate, he'll never develop a fear of dentists.  Your waiting room is so inviting & fun, my son never wants to leave.  My son is so very lucky to have you as his dentist. We're so very appreciative of the work you do! Thanks MUCH!
