4	SanTan Village is quickly becoming 'Scottsdale East' as The Blue Wasabi Sushi and Martini Bar adds another trendy, upscale restaurant to its list of tenants. At first glance at the name, I didn't think Sushi and Martinis was a good mix but after taking my wife there on a 'date night', I'm a believer. We're both hooked on this place. We enjoyed everything we tried. My wife especially like their use of soy wrappers instead of seaweed in some of their signature rolls. Some of our favs are the MARILYN MONROLL, RED HOT CHILLI PEPPER ROLL, and the ME SO HORNEY ROLL.  We haven't tried them all yet - but we intend to. One thing to note, I would stress the 'BAR' in the name of this establishment, as, at least during the weekends, the Martinis flow and it can get loud in there - I would call it a 'Fun, Adult Atmosphere' - one we enjoyed without the kids. Another plus, as crowed and busy as it gets, we have always been pleased with the service. On our last visit, our server,  Tara, turned us on to some great new dishes and some incredible drinks. For me, when a server takes the time to help make your experience enjoyable, even when their 'bouncing off the walls' busy, that's exceptional - And I think this is the first time I've ever remembered my servers name so that's gotta say something. So, it's trendy, got good eats, good drinks, fun atmosphere, and super service, so why just 4 stars? Price, when a couple slices of raw fish can run as much as a prime rib dinner, that's a bit steep. Wash it down with a few $10 martinis and your looking at a pretty pricey evening. Nonetheless, were hooked.
1	Dinner with my family started out enjoyable enough. The food was rather mediocre, though I wasn't expecting much being far from any sources of fresh fish, or Japanese cooks. I also decided to steer clear of the blue wasabi that looks like it's been dipped in anti-freeze. It was obvious their focus was not on food, but on drinks and creating a fun atmosphere. Their decor is hip and contemporary, with a color changing wall above the bar, and abundant flashing lights and TV screens. They try to continue the theme by naming their signature sushi rolls with silly names like "Eating Nemo" or  "Kiss My Bass", though a few like  "Me Soy Horny Roll" or "Dirty Sanchez" hardly make you think of sushi. Despite the second rate food and the epilepsy inducing environment, hanging out with your 4 yr old nephew is always a good time...or so I thought.Close to the resolution of dinner, I took a break to smoke a joint behind the restaurant. I'm from Cali, so...I was being a bit nonchalant and careless about it all, not realizing the laws here are a bit different. I was just chatting on the phone with my girlfriend while trying to mind my own business. A girl from Blue Wasabi who was also hanging out in back of the restaurant smelled it, and asked me to "please move on"...I replied "Sorry! I didn't realize I was disturbing anyone, thanks for telling me nicely." And I put it out and returned to my table.10 minutes later the cops are hauling me out in front of my parents and little nephew. 5 minutes later I'm in cuffs and they're charging me with a class 6 felony.Wow...I couldnt believe it. This girl, even described me as "nice" to the cops, yet she called the cops on me as I peacefully patronize her restaurant with my family! Does she have no heart? What a cruel and unnecessary thing to do! Things like this make me lose faith in humanity. Why would someone wish such terrible treatment upon a fellow human for no good reason? It makes me deeply sad. I can't in good faith recommend a restaurant where they treat their customers like criminals, literally.
2	We wanted to try Blue Wasabi since it's located near our home and I had heard about it from friends.  If you're a big fan of sushi, this is not the place for you.  The sushi was mediocre...while they cleverly name their sushi, they don't deliver the quality and prices were slightly higher than usual.  The atmosphere is very Scottsdale-esqe, and could be fun if you and your girlfriends were going out for drinks as their martinis were awesome.  They should nix the Sushi and simply be a martini bar.
2	Sushi is decent but very spendy. I don't care for the loud music or bad lighting. We've been there approx. 4 different times, staff not so friendly. Of all the places to choose from in the E. Valley now, this would not be our first choice.
3	I recently visited and while I thought my food was good the service was seriously lacking.Maybe I got the wrong server.I don't know... The server was not very friendly, almost stuck up and snotty.If we were not having such a good time talking, there was a group of us, I am sure I would have been even more annoyed at how slow it was to get  our food out. I know that sushi is not supposed to be a rushed thing, but  over an hour to get 5 dishes out? they brought one about every 15 minutes even though we had ordered our own individual orders.  Sea weed salad and cucumber salad was good.
3	The one thing I enjoy about the trendier sushi places is that they have a soy paper alternative to seaweed. I cannot handle the seaweed! That being said I admit I am NO sushi aficionado by any means. I like the fact they offer some "chicken sushi rolls" for those that don't do fish period. The fun names and colorful rolls add to the experience. Every time I have been I was pregnant so I was unable to sample the drinks but my friends all seem to thoroughly enjoy them. They have a great happy hour m-s 4-7 with several of their rolls half off and a fair amount of drinks priced at $5. If you are a definite sushi lover and looking for something truly authentic this is probably not the place for you. If you enjoy a funky/trendy atmosphere with a good happy hour and fun sushi give it a shot! I must say, I like this place better than Ra.
2	We went in, a party of 4 on a Sunday... and they had a happy hour going on..  The hostess sat us at one booth.. only for me to see that it had food and sticky liquid all over it. So she tried to seat us elsewhere and same thing! I told her to bring me a rag and I'll clean it myself... and she actually let me! All the seats had food, crumbs, liquid all over them.And the martinis were ok but they didn't even chill the martini glass!! WTH?! And they call themselves a martini bar?! Oh well...on to the sushi.. We ordered some rolls which were just all way to small to justify the $12 price tag... I won't go into details of what I didn't enjoy about the sushi.. but for this kindda fusion sushi, I think places like RA do it better.So as we ate the rolls, the dynamite (eh..), salad.. baked shrimp app, martinis.. and waited for our check.. and waited and waited and waited.. we see the Manager just sitting around  the back of the restaurant and not checking tables (OR us) and completely ignoring the tables.. what on earth?! Why would you not check on a table that spends as much money as we just did??And it's def NOT a place for sushi/sashimi afficionados!Arg... feel like I wasted money :-(
4	Awesome happy hour!If you like half priced sushi rolls and martinis, you cannot beat this happy hour.  They even have happy hour on Saturday.  The atmosphere is great, the service is good and prices are awesome.
4	Wow, the wasabi really is BLUE!!  Enhance the name, however it didn't dawn on me until presented at the table.  What a rather interesting and fun experience.  Their signature menu is filled with fun and ingenious names.  The happy hour is well priced and worth the ambiance.  We had a couple of yellowfin and salmon nigiris, in addition to the Me Soy Horny, Eating Nemo and Krusty Krab Rolls.   The nigiris were actually quite fresh tasting, however the rolls were mediocre.  I thought the usage of Jasmine rice didn't blend well and the texture was too rough to compliment the sushi.  I'd have to say I had better, but it was not bad at all (sorry, I've had great sushi before).  It was the first time I had "soy" wrappers instead of seaweed and I found it to be rather pleasant.  Almost like a tofu skin wrapper.I liked the ambiance with cool and dark blues, low bar tables and hanging lamps.  Sleek, hip and modern.  The service was surprisingly courteous and the crowd varied from professionals to couples to groupies and families.  It all blended well somehow with the perfect amount of noise and light filtration.Will definitely go back again if not for the food, then for the decent prices during happy hour and the atmosphere.  Maybe I'll get a martini this time around.
4	Blue Wasabi San TanI bellied up to the bar here and was immediately greeted by a smiling happy bartender. Very nice gal (From Tampa Florida) and she handed me a menu and explained about the happy hour special. I perused the menu and was shocked at the happy hour value. Kirin Light 'biggies' for 3 bucks and add a jumbo size Sake for a buck and a  1/2 - are you kidding me. I sat near the service well and the bartender would give me "tasters" from the excess in the shaker of all the colorful martinis she was making. Great stuff. I ordered 4 items to eat. BBQ Drunken Shrimp, Chicken Skewers, White Tuna Sashimi, and Cajun Tuna Sashimi. BBQ Drunken Shrimp - great looking item. A jumble of marinated shrimp cooked perfectly on a platter of thin tangy BBQ sauce. Served with some nice toast points to soak up the delicious sauce. Chicken Skewers - item was satisfactory. It had a nice presentation however it wasn't chicken breast but rather darker chicken that was cut and skewered on sections on to the stick. It had a nice sauce and was accompanied by a ramekin of dried chilis and powdered chili pepper and tasted fine. Only issue again was the non white meat. White Tuna Sashimi - my least favorite of the four. The meat was cut a bit to thin; however, was fresh. The orange and ginger sauce was near non-existent. Not terrible item but not real memorable either. Cajun Tuna Sashimi - Awesome item. Good quality cut of fished seared perfectly on the outside and sliced ruby red on the inside. Fanned out on the plate it looked great. Only issue was that the sauce was good but not enough of it. Real bargain for six bucks. My friendly neighbors at the bar ordered the appetizer mushrooms which looked fantastic and I will definitely try them next time. Great Service - Great Ambiance - Great Food
1	Okay here's what happened...I walk into the restaurant around 3pm and the very friendly hostess, seeing that it's just two of us, asks if we wanted to just sit at the bar. My friend does all the talking and soon we are sitting at the bar. This is when my first experience went to the crapper. The bar tender was the worst server I've had in a while. When we first sat down she was so pushy about the drink menu kept pointedly asking what we would like to order - when we finally just asked for water she basically ignored us the rest of the time except to drop off our menus for our food. We didn't get our water until maybe 10 minutes after sitting there and we never got a refill. In fact after she took our orders - with the most disgusted look I'd ever seen - she didn't stop by after that to check up or to see if the food was good. When we were finally served our sushi (she didn't bring it to us) we were missing a whole order but she never stopped long enough for us to explain to her. What I don't understand is how she stayed so busy because let me tell you, there was NO ONE at the bar. We finally had to flag her down for our check and even asked to get more water after we got our check. I realize that we were sitting at the bar and so I'm sure she was bummed that our tab wasn't going to be as high since we only ordered water. But you get paid on service and I am still mad that she was tipped at all. She was a nasty doofis, with a muffin top and saggy boobs and if she ever wants to make enough off tips to buy support bras she's gonna need to attend a few more customer service oriented classes. Food wise I was not impressed with this place at all. Is the seaweed supposed to be slimy? I will definitely give sushi another try, but I wouldn't go here.
2	Went for happy hour which is from 4-6pm. You get 1/2 off everything with a "smiley" face next to it. I ordered the Berry White martini. It is a blueberry martini, very similar to the Deja Blue at Pearl, pretty good. It had some disgusting bumpy berry in the bottom of the glass...eeww. We ordered the Salmon nigri (1/2 off). The flavor was OK but it was really soft, aka mushy. Then we ordered the Eating Nemo roll. My dining partner and I took a bite and almost lost it. Something was wrong. We sent it back. The crowd was a weird mix of ridiculous cougars and families. Weird scene... We asked for our check and left to find some place better. Go to one of the other many sushi bars in the area.
3	Well, first things first.  Happy hour is WAY WAY too short.  It only lasts from 4-6.  After you get past that you find that on the menu there are only certain things that are available for happy hour and that none of the traditional rolls (caterpillar roll) are included.  Happy hour is tuesday through saturday instead of monday through friday.   If you get past that though the atmosphere is good and the food is pretty decent too.  Sushi rolls are a little small but other than that it is good sushi for half price.  There is no way i'm paying full price for this though.
1	This place is a total joke!! If looks can be deceiving then this is it!! The place looked cool going in, but our experience was quite unpleasant.   To be fair to our waiter he was a really nice guy and friendly, but what waiter who wants to earn a good tip, isn't...1. Once we were seated I decided to sit beside my wife, so I moved beside her in the side both. The hostess came and told us that we had to sit in the seats that were assigned to us. Seems like this place is more about filling seats than making sure costumers stay happy for a return visit... 2. I ordered the chicken skewers. There wasn't enough meat to feed my one your old daughter, and the side portion of some funny item that had no taste. The total bill came to over $30 and we probably consumed 40 calories. It was quite insulting to get 2 little chicken strips put them on a fancy plate and then charge me 100% markup. After leaving the restaurant I had to go grab a sandwich, and note I'm a skinny guy with a small appetite, so this is very uncommon for me... 3. We saw another couple come in sit down and then shortly leave. I wish we would have followed their lead. 4. Final note, if your into sushi there are tons of better places to go. Don't let the fancy atmosphere fool you...Finally anyone who give this place more than 3 stars is a bit separated from reality, or they just have no concept of what a good restaurant is.  If I could, I would not give it any stars...
2	Well, their happy hour ends at 6:00 but it is a pretty good happy hour.  Half off some of their cocktails, wine and what not and half of some rolls and other apps.  What gets me is the wasabi is actually blue.  Yes, that's the name and all but do we really need to be so contrived as to actually load up the patrons with Blue No. 1 and 2 (maybe a touch of Green No. 3)?  That just grossed me out to no end.  The intensity of the color still disturbs me.  Their second strike is the name of their rolls.  Really, I want something presented to me as the "Dirty Sanchez" and the "Me Soy Horney"?  They all tasted fine but the names alone did them in.  We won't be back.  I had been to the location in North Scottsdale probably four years ago but it was after wine tasting and we were all wasted so maybe that's the key to a good meal here.  Complete obliteration.
2	When you first walk into this place you notice that it is a pretty trendy place.  The setup is cool with quite a bit of people.  I was pretty excited to eat here since it seemed a little different than the normal sushi bar.  Too bad this was the really only good thing about this place.  The sushi was not good, but it wasn't bad. What I really didn't like about this place was their trademark, their blue wasabi.  IT HAD NO KICK TO IT.  I'll admit one of things I love about sushi is the wasabi, and this was horrible wasabi, I made a paste out of soy sauce and this blue crap and still there was no kick.  Plus once you dip your sushi into it, it looks like something you pull out of a port-o-potty.  In the end the final bill was like $32 for a California roll, another roll, and 2 peices of salmon sashimi . I will not be returning.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because of the atmosphere.
3	Been here a few times and the sushi itself is pretty decent.  Sitting outside on the side, not front, is nice.  The service tends to be a little slow and disorganized.  They brought the food out in a very strange order so half of us were always without, party of 6.  We had a good time nonetheless.  The rolls are ok, although I am more of a sashimi and nigiri guy.  The yellowtail sashimi was fresh, nigiris were what you would expect, miso soup could be better.  I had an unfiltered sake that was good.  Overall, not nearly the best sushi or ambiance around but not bad given the location and decent to good sushi.
2	9/3Walked in ten minutes before 6p.  Just in time to order a few apps during happy hour!  However, half-priced happy hour apps and beverages were very limited in number and marked with smiley faces, and they were so hard to spot on the menu!  Perhaps having only ten minutes to hunt them down exacerbated my difficulty of spotting them, but I hope the managers consider having separate easy-to-read menus printed and used.  Liked that martini-drinkers have many martinis to select from.Tried a couple of rolls, but I can't recall much to write about except that I would probably come back to try other apps and entrees not on the HH menu, but I'm in no hurry to go back.
5	oh so Scottsdale, which is why i love it. Truly the place to take your cousins from the mid west to see their eyes pop out of their skull with the trendy decor, $100,000 cars in the lots, and more plastic surgery than Beverly Hills. Their food is so good it makes me wanna cry. Being a Northie, originally, I used to go to the one in DC Ranch. Now, it is gone. It was so small in there I didn't even care waiting an hour for a squished seat to rub elbows with the cougars. When it moved South, (and I moved to Flagstaff *shutter*) I have been there about 5 or 6 times. AMAZING martinis. Decent beer selection (I like kirin, so no biggie) and the signature sushi is awesome. WARNING: this is not "authentic" sushi, it is trendy, innovative, Scottsdale sushi, but hell is it good. The rock shrimp appetizer is so good my mom and I order 2. The best rolls are: the surf and turf, the mango wango, and the squid viscious. The BEST they ever had was the Spiccoli Roll. They rid of it like a year and a half ago. If I am ever on death row, I will request that as my last meal. It is pricey, but a good place to make your parents take you on your birthday or with your gal pals to share on a Saturday night. I honestly love this place and miss it like, everyday. Best trendy sushi ever. Best rock shrimp. Wait staff is young and trendy and pretty good. Go!!!
1	This place was way to pricey for me, especially having a "laid back" atmosphere.  It is a trendy place and I feel like sucker for giving them my business.  You don't pay top dollar for that kind of atmosphere.  And paying 12 to 14 dollars for a little martini is outrageous.  The food is good, not great.  There are plenty of hole in the wall sushi places that give you great food for what you pay for.
4	Last night I went to Blue Wasabi for the second time in the week. I am a new fan. We went at 4pm when Happy Hour started and boy did we have fun. We sat outside on the patio and my group of 4 only ordered 'Happy Hour' items off both the food and martini menu, but we ordered alot. The martinis at Blue Wasabi are top notch, I ordered a Lemon Drop martini, the Mowie Wowie, and the "Milky Way" which tastes just like the candy bar and comes in a caramel dipped martini glass. Yum! The great thing about Blue Wasabi is they have more than just sushi on the menu, so if you're not in the mood for seafood, there are other items to try. For instance my companions ordered the Macadamia Chicken Strips which came with a sweet n sour sauce, and we ordered the 'Fowl Play" which had Grilled and chilled chicken and wrapped like sushi. Both items were perfect to taste. We also ordered many seafood items such as the 'MARILYN MONROLL' one of our favorites and we love the presentation of it but our new favorite by far is the 'WANGO MANGO ROLL" it tastes so different but is AMAZING! You must try it. We are still trying to figure out if the Blue Wasabi is made blue with food coloring or if it is actually a different kind of wasabi. It tastes a lil lighter than the traditional green wasabi. Our waiter Chris is one of the best waiters in Phoenix, he remembered us from last time and gave us top notch service, he is attentive without being intrusive. We were there for HOURS last night and some in our party got a lil tipsy off all the martini's but we had a great time without breaking the bank cause we left right after Happy Hour ended. ;-)
4	I had a fantastic time here this evening. I came during happy hour and tried the California roll and Garden Gecko. I thought since it was tempura shrimp and seared tuna it would count as me being adventurous with sushi. I texted Andrea K. and she confirmed no, that doesn't count. Still - it was good and thet drink prices at happy hour were excellent. Just go with things that have a smiley face and they are half price until 6. The waitress, Heather took good care of us - and soon my attention turned to sake. A gecko roll, California roll, 2 Kiren Ichibans and 2 caraffes of sake - $23. Nice! Heather was very cool and had a most excellent tattoo. She was even friendly after we walked back to the car after being tossed from Gordon Biersch. What a cool waitress. She let us sit for a long time and continued to wait on us. I would come back here any time for happy hour.
4	I think this place is great. While the sushi isn't exactly traditional, everything is great. Every time I go there, I start with the Krusty Krab roll which is absolutely delicious. I would steer away from the garlic edamame unless you loooove garlic. I could taste garlic for days after eating it. But overall, the martinis are great and the prices are decent. I love the decor, as well. Very modern.
1	I used to like blue wasabi.Admittedly, I liked other sushi places better.  Blue wasabi was more of a drinking place with decent sushi, and I don't mean decent like not indecent--I mean decent like eh, it was decent.this place has the acoustics of a mess hall.  annoying. but what really annoyed me was this:one time I was there with wife and in-laws, and because I have a ridiculously sensitive palate (at least when it comes to salt) I noticed right away that there was some foul shit happening with the soy sauce.  By foul shit, I mean that they were serving the low sodium version.  *pauses for ensuing outrage*Now they serve their soy sauce in little innocuous looking devices that don't come with the courtesy of a green or red lid.  What this means is that innocent people were unwittingly eating low sodium soy sauce.  Which is punishable by law, or divine retribution when "kingdom" finally "comes."  anyway....So I ask for the manager, and say: "is this low sodium soy sauce?" And he says: "Yes."  And I say: "Can I please have some *real* soy sauce?" And he says: "we don't serve anything but low sodium soy sauce."One fucking star, and be glad you got even that.  You should be embarrassed.
3	First of all, I thought it was pretty cool that this place actually did have blue wasabi. I went in a group of 6 for happy hour...the rolls and drinks were half off. The sushi was OK, but nothing special. They are also pre-made so you can't order the rolls to fit your liking which for me is important because I dont like crab, and many rolls contain that ingredient.  The service was not very good, but to give our waitress some credit it was crowded and she seemed pretty busy.
2	I've tried this place 3 times now, and well, it just doesn't live up to its hype.   It is trendy, clean, decorated nicely, located strategically, and the service is good.   But for me, the food is just "eh ok", the special martinis are just "eh ok", and its pricey.
3	Blue Wasabi is not your traditional sushi bar. The decor, music and menu are trendy and modern. And if you are wondering, yes they do have blue colored wasabi. Now with all that said, if you are more of a traditionalist this place might not appeal to you. You can find some traditional rolls, but most of them are of the "fusion" variety. This restaurant is a decent place to hang out, but I would considerate a "sushi bar". When I cannot order fish using their Japanese names it sort of detracts from the ambience of the joint.  Also that blue wasabi takes getting used to. Overall I would have to say food is ok, nothing special although a little pricey.
5	Ahhh......I LOVE YOU BLUE WASABI!!!!They have delicious food!! Not just the sushi. I've tried the chicken wings and the ribs too...and omg!! I don't usually eat such things...just usually the sushi, but my bf had it, I tried it, and I helped him eat it.....all! lolGreat atmosphere! Its awesome!!
1	Well I think to some up our experience I will leave you with this one brief sentence:My daughter poured out some soy sauce to dip her sushi in and a dead fly came out of the soy sauce jar.  Enough said.....
5	Mango wango is awesome. I have been here a dozen times it is fun, lively every time. Staff has always been good and nice.
1	This place is garbage, just another hyped-up trendy Sushi joint that "tries" to make up for their lack of quality with a "hip/modern atmosphere".  Been there once, will NEVER eat there again. The sushi is not good, the rice in our dish was hard, and the food was way overpriced. Of course, they have the usual airheaded ditzes and douchebags serving you food as if it's hurting them to smile. Don't waste your time with this pathetic attempt of a Sushi bar.
4	my wife and I loved the food here!We went just after happy hour on a Friday night. So it was pretty busy, but a perfect time of year for sitting outside. I would NOT want to sit inside though, it is a giant LOUD echo chamber in there - think 100 people in a bathroom with loud music and you get the idea....Here is the food we had and review:SPICY YELLOWTAIL TEMPURA MUSHROOMS: Outstanding!!!!!CRAB WONTONS: Very goodWANGO MANGO: excellent!!SUMMER LOVIN: very goodService was average. Our waitress was not very friendly and seemed flustered and always hurried. But did not make any food mistakes at least...Overall, we really enjoyed this place and found the sushi/food to be excellent.
3	I've been to Blue Wasabi a couple times now and it's well.. just okay really. They put a lot of creativity into the names and ingredients in their signature rolls, I admit.... but not creative enough to try different types of fish. I can't begin to say how many I saw with shrimp tempura in them. Love shrimp.. love tempura.. but not usually in my sushi.Last time I ended up getting the summer lovin, which was wrapped in pink soy paper (yes, sometimes I'm that shallow), the veggie specialty roll with salmon added to it, and the spicy scallop. Everything was okay, but not the greatest. The summer lovin was ginormous and hard to eat gracefully. I mean, aren't you supposed to magically turn into a hot manga babe when you eat sushi? If so, the summer lovin' definitely ruined my shot. I did, however, appreciate the willingness to add salmon to the veggie roll.Another thing I appreciated... the banana dessert, though honestly, you'll want to share this with someone else after gorging on sushi.. I know I'm not the only one who does that. However, it's worth it... it's truly divine.The service was kinda hit or miss. We waited a bit after we got our sushi due to not having any place settings. We also received more attention from a server that wasn't ours as opposed to our own.Additionally, I don't deal well with places that don't give me a resting place for my chopsticks.
5	great service, great martinis, and always great pieces and rolls.
4	As much as I want to hate this trendy bastardized sushi restaurant I can't.  The prices are a bit high, so I usually only go for happy hour.  Also I stay away from the silly rolls, but that's my plan at any sushi place.I have found that if I stick to their signature sushi and small plates I actually have a good time.  Their standard sushi is mediocre though.The service is great, but the crowd can be a little annoying at times.So- go at happy hour, stick to the signature apps and sushi and it's a great place.
4	We went for a triple date night and it was a great choice. Their happy hour was fantastic (items are noted on the menu which have special, half off, happy hour prices). We stated with a round of saki bombers and edemame - delicious. I had the california rolls and macadamia crusted chicken - both were delicious. My boyfriend got 3 plates of rolls and an appetizer... what a champ (picture uploaded). Excited to go back and try it again.
3	If you seek sushi alone, this place will only be "ok." In my opinion, this place could appeal to a group seeking a light lunch, comprised of sushi lovers, those that don't know if they like sushi, or those that do not like it at all. The menu has a nice variety of rolls that stray from the traditional "raw" the sushi lover would typically seek.But therein lies the appeal. Kids, sushi "fearers," seniors, etc - can get a roll that will make them feel like they actually tried sushi - or they can opt for "bar food" of wings, pizza rolls, sliders, chicken strips, etc. Which brings me to the downside. Nothing here will be memorable. Only "ok." But sometimes OK is good enough. When it is and you're nearby, this is an OK choice.
3	Service was a bit slow (especially for a Saturday night around 10... It was pretty dead). The specialty rolls were awesome and had cutesy names. Also, the combinations were very unique! I highly recommend the Marco Rollo and Surf & Turf rolls. Cautionary advice: the wasabi at Blue Wasabi is actually blue (imagine that), but it stinks of dye and preservatives & tastes gross... AVOID!
2	I don't get it. Martini was not very good. But i didn't complain. So, Why then the attitude from the bartender lady? Some people just look pissed to be serving you, and would rather talk with their bar-backs than interact. Whatever, that is why you are getting 2 stars. Sushi, not that great either. Next time, I'm going to Kona, for, if nothing else, less attitude.
5	I recently became a huge sushi fan with this place and Ra being my favorites. Blue Wasabi is so different from other sushi joints including Ra in that their rolls are very untraditional but very yummy. I go here quite often and always try to get something new. Here are my personal favs:Rolls:Get Clucked (or the clucker as my friends and I like to call it) - Fried chicken and avocado with a sweet chili sauce, does it get any better? Non sushi people will love this rollSurf and Turf - Fried shrimp with pineapple salsa. Soooo good. Another non sushi persons rollDam Jumper - Wrapped in salmon, no rice at all in this roll. Kinda spicy. Different but very good. You might not likie if you are not into raw fish though.Marco Rolo - Kinda has an italian flavor to it but it is a really nice combo in a roll. Another sushi haters rollRainbow rollCalifornia Roll - How could you go wrong?Side note: Although the PITA roll taste good, it is a difficult roll to pick up with chopstix without it falling apart. So if you are not good with stix, you might not wanna get this one.Martini's:Lemon Raspberry Ice - The best Martini I have had hereGrape Escape - Taste like Grape Coolaid with a kick!Key West Martini - A good dessert drink. Creamy and taste like key lime pie. I love the graham cracker crumbs around the rimOther food:Fried Pizza rolls - These are surprisingly good. A good choice for kids (even though I really dont think you should bring kids to any restaurant). Pork Pot stickersBuddha Burgers - The meat in these tastes like quality beef, almost as good as Kobe beef. Not sure what kind of meat it was. The sweet potato fries are awesome!To sum it up, this place has alot of options for everyone. If you are not a sushi lover, you can still have sushi rolls that you will probably like. A little tip: if you hate seaweed which is in most rolls, you can substitute it with rice paper. The service has always been good every time I have gone here. The price is a little high though not any higher than I have seen at other sushi places included Ra. Try this place, you will love it!
4	Blue Wasabi is much like other trendy sushi places with it's ambiance. But they have a good variety of specialty rolls and drinks. I love their blue-colored wasabi! If you're in the area, Blue Wasabi has something for everyone, whether it's with friends, family, or on a date. I think it's cool and my parents certainly like it. They have TVs for Sunday football (for the sports enthusiast, like my stepdad) and they're located in one of the prettier outdoor malls, Santan Village, in Gilbert (for people like me and my mom who love to shop). The prices aren't bad - seems like the norm for this type of "hip" restaurant. And you'll crack up when you read the names of their rolls. I honestly can't think of anything negative to say because the sushi is good and the staff are friendly, attentive and quick. Keep the sake coming and you'll have a good time!
3	This place was hit and miss for me. Two of the rolls we had were excellent, the Marilyn Monroll and the Surf & Turf. The Marilyn was really fresh and clean tasting with a soft texture, due to the pink rice paper, and a great taste. The Surf & Turf was my favorite, and one of my favorites I've ever had. It's hard to find a roll with beef tenderloin on top and even harder to find a good one. The texture and flavor on this baby were outstanding and I loved every bite. The sake we had was really good... Kikui I think was it's name or something close. Now on to the let down. We ordered a Dirty Sanchez roll and it was very poorly executed. You would think a completely different person did it. It was completely falling apart and the tempura batter on the outside was almost nonexistent and very uneven. Each component had to practically be eaten separately because it was so sloppy. I also ordered the Key West martini because I love Key Lime martinis, and although it was good, it was more like a vanilla milkshake and I couldn't taste anything close to a lime at all. Pretty bad when your place advertises itself as a martini bar. Better get those right. All and all it was a good experience and the decor is modern and hip. The actual blue wasabi they give you is a nice touch too. It's not cheap though and if you can I recommend going during happy hour.
4	Fun atmosphere, good sushi, creative rolls. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. Always have a great time & enjoy the food, but it's always cost me. The bill ads up quickly!
1	I HATE Blue Wasabi. I had the WORST experience here. You couldn't pay me to consume that repulsive crap they call "Sushi". Quick summary of my experience.... My boyfriend and I went on a date. We sat on the patio. It took FOREVER to get our food. Granted it was kinda busy, we only ordered 2 rolls & some edamame. It shouldn't take an hour & a half. The waiter offered no apologies or explanation. The rice was sooo stale & dry. Sushi looked like it had been sitting out for an hour. We couldn't even choke it down. It was horrible, no joke. Then some poor girls purse was stolen right from the patio. Some dickhead drove up to the patio, his friend jumped out & snatched this womans purse who was dining on the patio. It was a horrible experience. Blue Wasabi SUCKS!
4	It's a love hate thing -- I don't eat much sushi, but I can't help when everyone else does.  So I generally end up at a sushi joint.  I can say as a non-sushi eating person - I enjoyed Blue Wasabi.  I think it's the "blue wasabi" that makes it so special.  Drinks here are a tad bit pricey, but I've never been here for happy hour nor "Special Blue Days" -- I guess if you wear a blue shirt on certain days; you get a discount -- makes sense.  Service is okay, but shouldn't their uniforms be blue?  Maybe the Blue Sailor Moon!!?? Wow I got an idea! :) - Enjoy!
5	After eating here so many times, I thought I'd finally do a review on it.  The first thing you notice when you walk in Blue Wasabi is: this place is hip and cool.  With its contemporary design and chic atmosphere, you know this is the place to be on a Friday night.  And the blue chairs and other blue accessories keeps with the theme.  The best part about this place is that there's Happy Hour (HH) everyday and I would only come here when it's HH.  Half off on certain drinks, rolls and sushi, it's no wonder it'll get crowded during the HH time.  What's this place know for is their blue wasabi just like the name of the restaurant.  It takes just like regular wasabi but colored blue which makes this different.  After trying pretty much all their HH menu, I would have to say my favorites are Killer Bee and the seared Ahi tuna salad dishes.  Killer Bee is great for those who love unagi.  The eels are so fresh and very tasty.  The subtle sweet taste of the sauce and the mango is sure to sting your taste buds.  This is a great twist from the traditional California roll.  What I love about the tuna salad is its many fresh tuna.  They are very generous on the tuna.  And the tangy vinaigrette adds a nice kick to the dish.   The salad is great for sharing, but it can be a pretty good meal by itself.The desserts are a twist to the traditional main course.  They don't have your simple green tea ice cream or other Japanese desserts.  But they replace it w/ sweet chocolate rolls, banana spring rolls and tempera apples.  On top of it all, they have creative names for their rolls that make this sushi place unlike the other sushi places you've ever been.  Its unique flavors and clever food twists make this place makes you want to eat and play with your food. Good eats + good fun = successful restaurant.
5	Great Sushi! Good Happy Hour prices on food and drinks!This place is great!  I have no idea why everyone crowds to Kona down the way, when this place is less crowded, has good food and the services has always been good. Also it is cheaper and has a better offering of sushi.I would definitely go again!
3	Ok... Half off alcohol on Sunday = big fat WIN!! I really dug this place for a minute, but tired of it easily. The drinks are good, and there are some inexpensive rolls and apps on HH, but it doesn't satisfy my sushi craving. I still haven't found that magical restaurant that ranks up with my multiple sushi joints in San Diego... Sigh. The search continues...
4	I have only had good experiences at B.W.  The staff is helpful, I have always enjoyed the food, and their happy hour is awesome, both food wise and drinks!
5	Blue Wasabi has become my new favorite sushi joint in town! A very hip, trendy, sushi bar with young, fun servers. I was never a sushi fan, but always loved the idea of "going out to sushi". With that said, it's very important to me that a sushi restaurant offers a variety of non-seafood menu items. I had The Clucker and The Bada Bing both wrapped in soy paper and they were both amazing! We heard that Sundays were 1/2 alcoholic beverages if you wore a blue shirt, so after church we actually drove home and changed our shirts before going but when we got there, we heard the server offer the special to our neighboring table who weren't wearing blue? It was a great experience and we will definitely be going back!
4	Went for the first time last night. Atmosphere was neat... very hip. Our waitress was very good... we never had to ask for refills. I also like the fact that all the sushi doesn't come out at once - one roll at a time is perfect.We ordered several rolls: -Me So Horny (eh... 2-1/2 stars)-Red Hot Chili Pepper (delicious!! 5 stars!)-Yellowfin nigiri (succulent, melt-in-your-mouth fish... 5 stars)-Spicy Crab Roll (good... 3 stars)-Tootsie Roll (delicious! 5 stars)We also had the Spicy Garlic Edamame. Yummy. For drinks, we had the Plum Wine (4 stars - good stuff!) and three different kinds of martinis: Lemon Head, Lemon Raspberry Ice, Strawberry Blonde. The martinis seemed to be missing a key ingredient: Alcohol. How can someone drink two martinis and not even feel a teensy-bit buzzed? For $9.50/each, I think you should be able to taste the alcohol or feel it. Disappointing.Other than the alcohol - or lack there of - we had a fabulous time. Great sushi, great service, great atmosphere. We'll be back!!
4	We've been here several times and really like the food. We dont tend to take too many risks when it comes to sushi so we typically order what we like. Anything with tuna, crab, salmon etc...Starters and sides are always good. Everything is always on point.With the name comes a little hook. The wasabi they serve is dyed blue which is kind of odd. If you put some wasabi in your soy sauce, like I do...It turns your rice blue and eventually....your teeth. Just odd. You can ask for natural green wasabi and they'll bring you some.Like others have said, the drinks are a little light. If they loosen the bar up a little and bring me green wasabi....its all good. We'll be back
2	$60 for 4 rolls that we weren't that impressed with... I find that pricey.
4	Big Fan of the Sushi Bar (see other reviews)...the thing I think I love most, however, is the martinis!  True statement...the martinis are top notch and the sushi is very good.  Definitely 4 out of 5 stars on the food...the dumplings and plum sauce are excellent as is the Wango Mango roll.  For a great martini, good atmosphere and good service this place is a must visit!!  Keep it up!
4	Had a great experience here! Their happy hour is unbeatable and the drinks are good. Such a good place to go with the girls for a night out. Also, they have a great sushi selection that includes a number of rolls with NO FISH. That may sound pointless to many of you, but since I am highly allergic, it's refreshing to find a place that I can enjoy with all of my sushi-loving friends.
4	I went here for the first time for a first date and it was really good sushi and the service was great. However it was really pricey since we both got drinks. While I was there I asked about their happy hour specials. I went back during happy hour and was very satisfied by the food, service and price. My martini was amazing and I suggest the Marilyn Monroll.
4	Blue Wasabi is a favorite of ours. While it is a bit overpriced normally, their happy hour is stellar. We typically get the Badda Bing and a couple of avocado rolls. Great service, fun atmosphere, good restaurant!
4	Great place to go for sushi in the East Valley.
4	Happy hour is the greatest with half price martinis on Sunday!  The sushi is good, but the martinis are what makes this place the best.  If you like spicy the surf and turf "blaze" style is the best (but Blaze has to be working to get it).
5	This place is awesome!First of all, I never really care what kind of chair I'm sitting in but I immediately noticed how amazingly comfy the bar seats are. I could relax here all day!Anyway...We tried this place out on a Sunday afternoon, they have 1/2 off drinks all day. During the week they have 1/2 off sushi and drinks but I did not mind paying regular price for how good it was! We ordered 3 rolls: Shrimp Bizkit - SO delish! My new favorite :) We also ordered the Marilyn Monroll (raw, huge sushi rolls!) and the Kaboom (california roll with, quite literally, a huge pile of shrimp and krab on top! Bring your appetite for this one.)Our bartender was great, she was extremely friendly and fun to talk with. We tried out their sake bomber and were given a plethora of [generously sized] martini samples! Definitely did not walk in their with the intention to drink for a Sunday afternoon, but was happy about trying some samples for the next time we visit :) 5+++ Stars!!
4	the only time to go there is for happy hour. otherwise, it's overpriced for average sushi fare...
2	It was okay. Overpriced for average quality food. Don't think I would ever go again.The wasabi was blue.
2	Well, i'd only come here during happy hour. Good drink menu and a tasty mango martini (wango mango.) I just don't think the sushi is worth the high price when it's not happy hour, sorry my blue friend...
4	This place was fantastic! The drinks are delicious, I recommend the Sake Bombs and the Milky Way Martini. The place had a classy setting, the food was delicious, and the menu has character. Definitely worth checking out.
2	ONLY go during Happy Hour. For 2 small apps, one traditional sushi roll, shrimp and crab dynamite, 2 half off martinis (Tues ladies night) and 2 beers, our total was $60, $72 with tip. YOU have to be kidding me. I think that's insane. We could have done a comedy club with 2 drink min for the same price or pretty much anything else that night. NOT WORTH THE PRICE. ONLY go here if you can make it for happy hour. The only positive is that happy hour starts pretty early...around 4 or 4:30pm.
4	This restaurant is expensive, but it is really good. It is better to sit outside, it can get quite noisy inside, if you don't mind then it's ok. It is quite busy on weekend evenings, so they must be doing something right. Go to happy hour if you can, really good deals. The sushi is very yummy (although I am not sure how authentic it is) and the martinis are OK if the bartender puts any liquor in it!! (it can be watered down, but I also had them when they were very good, so it is not consistent!!) Altogether, if you are in the shopping area you can try it. There are also non sushi items on the menu which are really good.
3	During my visit to AZ for Thanksgiving of this year, my father, sister, husband and I went for sushi to Blue Wasabi during happy hour (one of the CONs to living in Massachusetts- No HH). After having over 100 dollars of 1/2 priced sushi, we were stuffed like the turkey the following day---- this is my review. The decor was ok and modern. The room isn't really warm or welcoming, I was expecting more than the wall  behind the bar changing colors. The sushi is ok at HH pricing, but I definitely would have felt cheated paying full price. The quality of the sushi seemed like everything everyone else uses, so ok (not the true off the boat quality that we get in Mass.- PRO). The martinis were thankfully half priced too bc they were really weak and tasted the juice. At first I thought that they were just maid correctly, yet were not strong...then I saw the bartender make my second and it was pretty much all juice. The service was again just ok... We had to ask our waitress for "blue" wasabi twice! I mean come on it is the name of the restaurant, something not to forget! Oh well, bc my dad likes it we will probably go back, but this time I will be ready for ok service, food, and decor. Damn I said OK a lot!!!!
5	I'm not a big fan of sushi and never really wanted to try it, but after I had eaten here I'm a huge fan. The sushi was amazing and everything tasted great. The price is a little much but it is totally worth it. The atmosphere is good and the place is totally clean. Everyone is super friendly. Overall a great place to eat.
2	My husband and I decided to try this place out for one of our date nights. Overall the experience was okay. Atmosphere - The place was pretty hopping for a Tuesday night, but we got seated almost right away. The atmosphere was very "clubby," not intimate or cozy. Definitely resembled a place you'd go to pick up someone or go with a group of friends. Service - The hostess and server were friendly enough. Our primary server was nice, but not very attentive. She only checked on us once during our meal. The gal who brought out our food was not very friendly and seamed to be in a rush. She'd run food out, curtly announce what it was, and then shove it onto the table and huff off. It could be that she was short-handed and was really busy, but it was a little off-putting. Drinks - We ordered a beer and a Wango Mango martini (we were delighted to find out that Tuesdays were Ladies Night with 1/2 price martinis. My husband asked our server if she could believe that he was a lady so he could get in on the deal. She was not amused). While the martini was tasty, it was weak and I could not justify ordering one for regular price. ($9.50 for a martini!? Yikes!)Food - I appreciated the variety of the menu, from appetizers, to signature rolls there was a lot to choose from. Here is what we ordered:       Pork Eggrolls - Yum! Nice and crispy, not greasy, and a delicious dipping sauce        to boot!       Salmon Nigiri - Good portion size, tasted very fresh       Dam Jumper - A little on the small size, a nice change-up of having the roll wrapped in salmon, the least favorite of the three rolls we ordered       Tropic Thunder - Very, very good. Sweet and spicy, the pineapple salsa was an interesting and delicious addition, nice large-sized roll        Philadelphia - Your typical Philly roll, good size, very fresh tastingPrice - As mentioned before, martini prices were very steep. As for food, there were many higher priced rolls on the menu and almost everything seemed to be priced a dollar or two more than what's typically at most sushi establishments. So, overall, the food was good. Only a few things stood out as winners. But definitely not worth the price. As numerous reviewers have mentioned, go for happy hour. Then it may be worth it.
5	This is the best place ever for some good old happy hour. I only come here for the happy hour though because it has spoiled me and I refuse to pay anything but half price for these delicious rolls. Don't worry, happy hour happens frequently. The best part? Happy hour is on Saturdays too!!! They have a ton of rolls, appetizers, meals, drinks for half off. Sometimes there is a wait, but this is definitely worth it. Every roll I had here was great. The best ones are eating nemo and dirty sanchez. The names of these rolls are pretty comical, but once you take a bite, you wont be laughing. Enjoy!
3	We decided to try this place during happy hour.  The selection is more limited, of course, but it was a way to try it less expensively.First, the wasabi really is blue.  I wonder how they did that.  Or, rather, what sort of chemical dyes they used.  Beyond that, it was very weak wasabi.  No heat at all.  The two of us used the entire ball between our bowls of soy sauce.  And then asked for more.  I don't know why it was so weak, but it was.The sushi rolls we ordered both had cooked shrimp (tempura), which was unique.  The warmth was odd...I'm used to sushi being raw and cold.  They were tasty, but it was still "different".We also ordered two beef dishes (I think they were called Ghengis and Lava).  They were both tasty.I think I prefer more traditional sushi rolls.  These weren't bad, but I still can't quite get past the warm sushi pieces.  I am glad we came during happy hour, though, as I would not have been happy paying full price for the food we ordered.Overall, not a bad place.  A bit pricey with several unique items.  I doubt I'll become a regular, but I would not be averse to returning for snacks or if I had some sort of coupon.  But probably not a full meal, and very probably not for full price.  It's not good enough for that.
4	SOOO GOOOD!!  We really enjoyed the sushi, the California rolls with Shrimp dyamite  were awesome.  We also had one with mandarin and cream cheese that was so good.  They also offer a happy hours but we missed it by 30 minutes.  It was really loud on the inside.  So it might be better on the outside if you are trying to converse.  The rolls were large like sushi on steroids.
2	i finally tried this place yesterday with a friend and I don't get the hype.I have had a lot of sushi in my life so forgive me if I might be too harsh. i got the "get clucked" roll and my friend got the "dam jumper" roll.  First off, the portions were tiny! When the dinky rolls came out, my friend and I both gave each other a knowing look. My poor friend is a big guy and he just looked downright sad. (We got burgers after thankfully). Second, the rice was soggy and mushy. Really unappetizing. The get clucked roll was doused in sweet and sour sauce which only made the mushy-ness of the rice worse.I can't speak much about the dam jumper roll because I didn't try it other than to say it was depressingly small. On the up side, the service was great. Extremely attentive, helpful, friendly. Everything you could ask for. The ambiance is nice: clean, modern, with an ipad on the table to order and a huge projector screen. For these reasons, I couldn't give the place only 1 star (but come on... this is based on food right?)
4	I really like this place!  I'm no sushi connoisseur, but everything I've had here has always been really good!  Happy hour is great....select food and drink items for half price...and it's in the whole restaurant.  Great service, fun atmosphere!  We will go back again and again!
3	Sushi is OK, but the atmosphere and Happy Hour are worth coming back for.
4	We went here for happy hour. I got the "oh me soy horny" roll, it had Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado wrapped in soy paper. This has been by far my favorite roll I have ever tried. I had my daughter with me this day so I also got some orange chicken. This was a lil dry on the inside and didnt have too much flavor. My sister had the chuck norris roll, it had Spicy salmon and panko crusted shrimp inside, topped with sashimi salmon, avocado,fresh squeezed lemon juice and togarashi. She said hers was very tasty as well. We went here during happy hour. Our total bill was $30.00, this included 2 cocktails, 2 different rolls, orange chicken and another appetizer. I liked the happy hour alot, good prices and good vibe. This place is packed during happy hour but well worth the wait. I also been hearing that ther is an ipad at your table to order. I didnt see this anywhere so not sure if they no longer do or is this just at certain times?
3	Had the Crab wontons and a chuck norris roll. Crab wonton were ok. Skimpy on the fillings. Nothing special. Chuck Norris would be disapointed with his name on the roll. It wasn't Kick A$$. The food was OK. Nothing exciting. I have had better and I have had worse.
5	I LOVE this restaurant! Been going here for a couple years! The food is excellent (pork-poppers ftw!)  The servers were ok but nothing bad :-) I always eat outside because the inside is always packed!  Highly recommend!
5	My husband and I love this restaurant. We have been many times and were so happy when they opened this location in Gilbert. The manager is great and always remembers us, even though we only come in about once a month or so. The sushi is always good and consistent. Love their happy hour menu. They have a nice variety on their menu to cater to sushi fans. The martinis are awesome. We love that we can come here and they have sports on the TV's. By and far some of the best sushi in the valley.
5	We Love this place!! The SPICY ROCKIN' SHRIMP TEMPURA by far the best thing Ive had in a long time!! Also the Marilyn roll is Amazing!!! Great service Great drinks Great Sushi!! One of our favorite sushi places in the valley!! Highly recommended!
1	This place has really gone downhill. Their sushi use to be so-so, now it is terrible. I tried the Salmon Eggs, Fresh Water Eel, Miso Soup, and Crusty Crab roll. All of the food I ate was bad. It was just consistently bad, worst sushi I have had. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
2	Happy hour prices are fantastic and the sushi is good but not great. The service my last two visits was poor. It's the subtle things they dont do like introducing yourself when waiting a table. Perhaps a smile or hi my name is. Nothing.  Very stale with an attitude like I don't want to be here.. 2 stars just because the sushi is good.
2	The sushi was not to bad, I got the "yo adrian" However the happy hour prices even on a Saturday  was a great deal. The pork dumplings were nice.
1	Happy hour is the only time this place is worth the effort. The portions are small, and all of the drinks are made with Skyy vodka and not much else. The servers aren't very friendly either,  and they seem to spend more time gossiping than taking care of customers. I'd rather take a risk at a hole in the wall sushi place... Blue Wasabi is no longer relevant and the 'blue' wasabi they serve with the sushi is ridiculous. I don't recommend this place to anyone in gilbert or scottsdale. Not impressed.
1	The sushi was good but the drinks are way way way too expensive. we didn't even know its that expensive and we kept ordering. too bad there is no way to contact the place via mail. i would like to get a nice refund or a gift card due to the fact that i spent more $ there on drinks than last night on dinner for 3 !!
1	Dry sushi and quite bland.Edamame was undercooked by a long shot.Orange Chicken had tons of Orange Peel and little chicken.Not good!
3	I've been here twice, I'm a sushi newbie but what I had I enjoyed.  My particular favorite seems to be the Yo Adrian.  The red hot chilli pepper and Marilyn one are good as well.  I haven't tried any of the drinks or small plates yet but they look good.
5	Favorite sushi place I have ever been too. Been all over America eating sushi and I have not found a place as good as this. The Lady and I come here almost once a week. We can't get enough. Service is an incredible also. I give this place 5 stars!
2	This was my first visit, and I was not impressed.  The drinks were quite good, the food was ok, decor was fine...but the service was terrible.  A group of my friends met for happy hour.  We ordered our first round of drinks at 5:30 and filled out our sushi menus.  The menus sat on our table for close to 20 minutes.  Then the server came by to tell us that it was last call for happy hour and did we want another round of drinks.  We agreed to that.  When she came back with our drinks, she said she hadn't gotten to the computer on time, so nothing we ordered would be at the happy hour prices.  I understand s**t happens, but what about taking responsibility for your mistakes?  No apology, no alternatives offered.  Didn't even ask us if we wanted to cancel the order since it was going to cost twice what we had expected it to.  In any decent restaurant, this is something the manager would have taken care of, but no manager acknowledged our existence.  They lost six customers.
1	I was astounded that there were so many tables available at dinner time on a Saturday...today I think I am learning why. Only ate sushi. Partly my own fault for thinking sushi in the dessert was a good idea. Today I have enjoyed several bottles of pedialite for the 'common' effect associated with food poisoning. And Tylenol to ease the stabbing pains in my gut. Should have listened to my instincts... Called them to let them know what I ate, hoping that I could stop them from poisoning someone else. Manager said he would have another manager call me back.... Never happened. I guess this is a call they are accustomed to getting. Needless to say, I will not be going back.UPDATE****** The owner had an incorrect number for me but was able to contact me through yelp and offered an apology. He also gathered information that could help him in finding out what happened.
5	Greatest sushi I have ever had! My wife and I can not get enough of this place! Unbelievably awesome!!!!
4	Took my beautiful wife here for her seventh 29th birthday.  I have to start off by saying that I love the decor of this place.  It's just got a really cool feeling to it and its very casual and relaxing. We ordered a gang of food, more than is probably smart for two people to consume but whatever.  The first thing we had was some miso soup and a cucumber salad.  Both were good, but really, if your at a place that messes up miso soup and a cucumber salad you should just leave.The next thing to come out was our spicy garlic edamame.  Ever since the first time I had garlic edamame at a place I have yet to write a review for I've made it my sole purpose in life to order it whenever I can.  Unfortunately this time it didn't stack up.  It had too much siracha (I'm probably butchering the spelling of that but you can figure it out) on it and not enough garlic.  It just wasn't anything special.Next up was the BBQ drunken shrimp.  This was really good.  I'm not entirely sure what was in the sauce it's floating in but I was tempted to take the straw out of my tea and drink it up (I didn't, but yeah... It was good).The birthday girl ordered seared tuna.  She said it was okay.  Since I'm not a tuna fan, I can't comment on it.  But I'll take her word for it.Then they brought us some rock shrimp tempura something.  This was stupid good.  I mean, really really stupid good.  Borderline retarded.  It was the best thing we ordered.  In hindsight I could have ordered five of these things and eaten myself into a coma.  The doctor at the ER would know what I had because of the smile on my face and the massive bulge in my stomach.  You know, if I had the ability to do something like that.Last was the Chernobyl beef.  Apparently this must be really hot by some people's standards but it really wasn't that bad.  It was pretty good, and perhaps if I had that before the shrimp instead of after I might have enjoyed it more.   Honestly, that damn shrimp ruined me for anything else on that menu.  Forever.To sum it all up, I really enjoyed this place.  I liked how they brought things out as it was done and staggered it so you weren't overwhelmed.  The service was great from everyone we encountered.  And if you take nothing else from this review, remember, rock shrimp tempura thing = OMGWTFGOOD.
5	We have been to Blue Wasabi before for sushi and drinks, but nothing stacked up to the sushi class experience.I took my husband to the sushi class for his birthday.  This class FAR exceeded my expectations for great food and fun! Mike, our sushi chef/instructor was amazing and kept the class moving and having a good time.  We will be recommending it to everyone we know that loves great sushi and wants to learn from a pro.If you are looking for a fun, creative and memorable experience for a date or special occasion, check out the class.
5	The food, the decor, the happy hour.. "sigh'. I will miss this place as much as I will miss my friends out in Arizona. I just came back from visiting & I am so glad we went to Blue Wasabi. I'm not going to sit here & list everything I ate. All i'm going to say is EVERYTHING I ate was good. My friends & I ordered most of the Happy Hour menu. To drink I had a cherry bomb. Words can not describe the happiness that was my lips & tongue. JOY JOY JOY! I have NEVER had a drink as good as that one & trust me, I've had ALOT of drinks. Don't be intimidated by the fact that the guys behind the bar are not Japanese. They are trained sushi chefs & have years of experience. If I could, I would move to Arizona just so I can be closer to the Blue Wasabi. Oh, & the customer service was on point. GO!
5	Blue Wasabi is a great sushi place.  I have been to several and no place has me coming back like Blue Wasabi does.  Brian, the manager, and Jim, the owner, work hard making sure all the guests are happy.  They make you feel special and appreciated.  The atmosphere is perfect.  Hip and fun.  The specialty cocktails are amazing and original.  Very fun place.  The food is excellent.  I have been here several times and have never been disappointed.  Have tried other sushi places....and they consistently disappoint.
5	I went to Blue Wasabi for my first time a few months ago during one of the slower times of the day, and the service was still awesome and the server didn't seem bored or like she hated her job.  She gave great advice of what to order and treated us like we were her best friends. It was a great experience.  The sushi was so so good. I completely forgot the name of it, but there was mango included in it and I loved it!! It's a fun bar feel and I would definitely go there again.
4	This unique sushi/martini bar features a 50% off menu from Tuesday until Saturday during Happy Hour! While perusing the menu, the servers actually bring out blue wasabi for the sushi. So that's where the name comes from.As much as I had wanted to order a drink called Nice Melons, it wasn't half off for Happy Hour. So I went with the Berry White instead. Good Lord that thing was dangerous and tasted like a Jolly Rancher.While I would have loved to order the Dirty Sanchez or Me Soy Horny rolls just for the sheer comedic value of saying those in public, at a classy bar no less, I wasn't too thrilled with the ingredients. So instead my friend and I split the Eating Nemo and the Wango Mango rolls. Along with a slew of appetizers.We had two 8-piece rolls, three appetizers and three drinks for under $40 (and enough leftovers for a third lunch/dinner)! It was really amazing sushi. And it led to waaay too many inappropriate jokes. Good times.
5	We love this place. Although it only has 2 tables in the whole restaurant suited for families with small children, we always manage to get one of them. We love going there for happy hour when a lot of items on their menu are half off. Not just appetizers either, rolls and drinks are half off too! The service is always good and the food excellent. We love this place!
5	My husband and I LOVE this place and always try to go on Sunday's when we can...there's just no beating 1/2 priced drinks and specialty martinis mixed with great food. Love the food, love the service (Jim the owner is great!), the atmosphere, everything. And always sit at the bar! The bartenders are always friendly and willing to (if you make nice) send some martini samples your way ;) You can't go wrong with the Tropical Thunder roll (my favorite), the Gordon Gecko, the pizza rolls (seriously don't skip these, they are not your typical pizza apps, and the Milky Way martini is amazing!
4	Love the wango mango roll and butta face martini. Lots of great things on the menu! A little pricy but happy hour is good!! One of my favorite places.cant wait to go again!
5	Blue Wasabi is the place to go for Sushi when you want to have a great dining experience for adults without screaming kids ( although the last time I went there was a family with well behaved children there).It's casual,the food is EXCELLENT and so is the service. Great atmosphere and I'd recommend it to everyone who likes this type of food.
5	Outstanding place! I have been there several times and it's consistently good. The sushi menu has a great variety of new age style as well as traditional sushi and it is fresh and fantastic. I have had salads there that are also phenomenal and all the portions are very generous.Your bill when you leave will likely be little on the high side, but I feel that it is deserved and I don't mind paying at all. I have never had the drinks, although they look fantastic.The restaurant has a great decor and atmosphere, it is always clean and the service has always been fast and friendly. It's my favorite place in Phoenix.
4	Pretty good sushi, pricy but happy hour prices are good (50% off). Not really filling, but nice customer service.
4	We visited this restaurant a few weeks ago with my sister in law for happy hour and we loved it! Their happy hour menu was extensive, with a lot of great things to choose from. You don't see that very often anymore - a wide range of stuff available at happy hour prices. And the drinks were wonderful!! I didn't even know I liked martinis until I had one there.
3	The food was decent. The drinks were good, but definitely juiced down(which is more flavorful than watered-down). I felt the price was a bit high for microwaved edamame and machine pressed rolls. I get the food colored blue wasabi, but it would be far better without the food coloring for taste- and where was the spice? Wasabi with no kick is like a broken pencil- no point! The atmosphere got loud quickly though not inappropriately. No tea?Here's a quick rule of thumb- if a Japanese restaurant has no Japanese employees, expect American food. Overall, okay. I would return, but with far different expectations. As much as I love wasabi, I will be passing on it next time.
3	Good Place. Cool seating arrangement (very family style). Happy Hour is a good value. Skyy Vodka drinks are like $4 each. Good value. Food was just above average. Not a Sushi guy, so I had the chicken, it was good, not great. Cool pre-spot maybe before the movies?
3	Nice place with a pretty good atmosphere.  The food was not bad, but left something to be desired.  Admittedly, I have a high standard for sushi, but nothing exciting here.  To be fair they had a great selection of martinis and a trendy atmosphere.  Good place especially for Chandler.
4	21 Dec 2013This was my first time going there, and I took my girlfriend around 4:30pm on a Saturday. It was already packed, so I had a good feeling! We got seated immediately since it was just the two of us. We looked at the menu and was surprised to see that they had half off selected sushi for 1/3 of the menu--maybe more.We ordered a salmon nigiri and seared white tuna nigiri. Hands down these were the best in the area. We also got the Gordon Gecko, Eating Nemo and Chuck Norris rolls. Eating Nemo was a glorified california roll--I wouldn't get it a second time. Gordon Gecko was okay. Chuck Norris tasted like a Doritos. Even though we didn't really like the rolls, all of the fish served was fresh!
4	Good rolls. Nice atmosphere, Sunday football. Great specials, the eel roll and spicy tuna are good but Red Hot Chili Pepper roll is the best there is! Pork egg roll is delish, so is there spicy edamame and Miso is great too. Staff is ok, seating and drinks are pretty good too. Very cool decor. Oh yeah great ginger and blue wasabi :).
3	3 weak stars for 3 weak specialty rolls.. We tried the "Krusty Krab", "Wango Mango", and "Me Soy Horny". Dumb names to go with mediocre rolls. The flavors just weren't that great. Creative combos, but they just didn't taste that good. Sorry! To be fair I did take a chance with the special rolls. I should have stuck with traditional basic rolls because the fish did look appetizing & by no means did it taste bad. The menu offers plenty of non sushi items  so your picky friends "who don't eat raw fish" can join you. I'm a Central Phoenix kinda gal, but was in the area and of course open to try a new spot. Definitely wouldn't hike that way to go again, but would probably give it another chance for the traditional rolls and sashimi if I needed a sushi fix and was in the area.  Doubtful that happens!
1	I was EXTREMELY disappointed with Blue Wasabi on my visit last week. My server CHRIS (huge sideburns)  was horrible not a smile once. I Asked questions about the menu and he seemed like it was a hassle(they weren't even busy). I always go with the Chuck Norris roll and the Marilyn Monroe but wanting to try something new he was no help. He ruined my whole experience and I will never go back! I ended up with a chuck Norris, California roll, wango mango and a Me Soy Horny it took forever to be served to us and didn't seem so fresh like it had on other occasions. I watched him just stand there and ignore bringing us our food when it was ready. He waited for someone else to bring it to us. I asked another server if I could speak with a manager and She told me CHRIS was the manager. I will never go back for that reason and I will never recommend it either. You don't let fresh fish just sit or am I wrong?
5	My FAVORITE place to go for sushi and drinks! The food is so good here and the rolls are unique and well put together flavor wise. The fish is ALWAYS fresh which I am extremely particular with. I have been a pretty big sushi eater for years and finally we have something in Arizona which happens to be close to home where everything is fresh and always great! Another perk is they have Happy Hour on Saturday even! The service is excellent and all of the staff are friendly and welcoming! The overall vibe of this place very cool. A great place for a date, dinner with friends and even family's! Absolutely worth every penny!
5	Food and drinks were excellent!! My favorite was the crab wontons, the apple dipping sauce was so good! They were quick to take our order and deliver. The only thing stoping me from giving a 5 star rating is we are still sitting here 25 mins after finishing eating and we still don't have the bill. I think they forgot about us :(So it turns out they did indeed forget about us. However they were so apologetic and completely comped our meals, which was more then we ever expected. For that I change my review to 5 stars. If that is not customer service I don't know what is.
4	2014 YELP CHALLENGE - 8/52Who doesn't love a little food coloring in their wasabi?!I'm not into getting gimmicky with my food. It's food.I just want to first take a picture of it and then eat it, alright?I was pleasantly surprised with this trendy, modern sushi bar...blue food coloring and all! Out of the three sushi rolls we had.. two were awesome...one not so much. Since my friends and I are adventurous with our sushi..this was a great outcome!I would highly recommend this place for date night or a quick meet-up. The service is fast and professional. And not gimmicky at all.
2	The sushi doesn't seem as flavorful and fresh as expected. Inside is a little cramped with the center bar area being too large to yell to friends on the opposite side. The happy hour food was meh but they sure don't skimp on the sake! I'd say better places for sushi and atmosphere.
4	Great location and great sushi rolls.  Sundays are half off all drinks.  I will miss this place when I move out of Gilbert.  This is the last location in AZ.  Great atmosphere and great staff.
1	I went here with my boyfriend yesterday because of the reviews on Yelp and we were both really disappointed. The atmosphere is very club like- if you're into that sort of thing then it's something that won't bother you. But, it definitely wasn't my kind of ambiance. It seems like a place that should be on Mill Ave. Really you are paying for the atmosphere of a club-like environment, not the food. The food was terrible. It was really bland, hardly any taste to anything we ordered, even the sushi rolls that were supposed to be spicy were still tasteless. Even the avocado on our rolls tasted like nothing. I went expecting the same kind of food as RA, but RA is so much better. I would rather pay RA's full price menu than eat at Blue Wasabi for happy hour. This place is not even worth trying- it was a waste of 20 bucks.
5	Best martinis! Tuesday is ladies night $4.75 martinis!! Service was amazing, loved all the martinis we tried and we tried 3 each! Super quick service!yummy yummy yummy!
3	I took my daughter to Blue Wasabi for a special time for us. Our waitress was nice and they were running a Sunday special that  gives 1/2 price off all alcohol drinks for the day. I ordered a raspberry lemonade for myself and Shirley Temple for my daughter. For sushi - a shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna, and tuna avocado. When I checked into the restaurant, a coupon came up for buy 3 rolls and get the 4th free. We ordered a spicy crab roll as well. The rolls were okay. Spicy seemed less Japanese spiciness and more American tabasco drenched. When I received the check, I was surprised when my martini was full priced and asked my waitress who asked the manager. He informed me that since I used the buy3, get 4th free promo my alcohol would be full price. I explained to him that I was never told this and I wouldn't have gotten the 4th roll if I had known and he pretty much gave me the "sol" speech with no attempt to throw in a dose of customer service. I let it go because I didn't want to upset my daughter but when you're food is just okay then your customer service should really make up for it. Sure it was just $5 more to my bill but the fact that I won't be returning with my seven person foodie family will cost him a lot more.
1	Yuck. Slimy salmon. Warm fish. Server not too interested. $102 later we are still hungry and don't feel too good. Bummer.
3	I'll start out by saying that Blue Wasabi used to be my favorite restaurant. When they first opened they had amazing sushi that was far better than Ra. I felt that way for years, but recently things have been changing. The last few times I have eaten here, the sushi just hasn't been the same. The rolls have been loose and fall apart as soon as they are picked up. It makes for a messy meal. It also doesn't taste the same, the food just isn't as flavorful. I don't know what is going on, but they need to check themselves. I still appreciate their happy hour and their quick service, but I find myself looking around for better sushi now. If it weren't for years of happiness prior to the last year than I would have given them 2 stars instead of 3.
5	My husband and I have been going here since they opened. They have amazing sushi. The wait to get in isn't too bad even on a Friday or Saturday evening . The atmosphere is "chill" and the drinks are great. When we want sushi, blue wasabi is the only place we will go.
4	This is one of our favorite sushi spots! They have great happy hour deals and a nice atmosphere. Every visit we've made has been a positive one! Be warned, they do not have happy hour on Monday.
2	Last night was my second time going to Blue Wasabi, although it's been 3 years since the last.  I actually went there with a group of business associates and when I had called to reserve a table for 10 I was told that I couldn't reserve one.  I showed up about an hour earlier than my coworkers in order to save a table and informed the hostesses that the rest of my party would be about an hour.  They did not have a problem with it and quickly sat me.  About an hour later the manager came up to me and told me, very rudely, that I'd been there for an hour and a half (actually, it was just one hour) and that my party would need to show up soon or he'd have to give my table away.  He acted like I had planned it this way and had not informed the hostesses, which is not what happened.  Five minutes later my party started arriving but the manager chose to seat part of my table anyway with another party.  He was beyond rude and condescending.  I'm with a medical practice, the group I was meeting with are all surgeons and doctors.  It's difficult for us to show up at a scheduled time because surgeries sometimes go longer than expected.  We had hoped to make it in time for happy hour and in fact, everybody did, but the waiter did not take their orders on time so they missed the happy hour prices.  I ordered two martinis, a small salad and one of the light entrees, everything but the salad was happy hour price or half price and my bill was $29.  The drinks were weak, but overpriced and the food was very small portions.  This place is way overpriced and not a place I'd ever go to to meet up with friends again.  They seem to care more about getting people in and out as quickly as possible and discourage you from enjoying a meal with friends.  Needless to say none of us will be back.
3	I was meeting with a group of colleagues for drinks and dinner.   I arrived with 5 minutes to spare for happy hour so had my order ready for the server. .. Never saw him until 5 minutes after happy hour was over, so 10 minutes total.   The service continued to be slow throughout the evening and was not worth the 18% gratuity automatically added to the check.   The restaurant was busy but it's Friday night so perhaps adequate staffing would be good.  I can get over slow service if they are at least apologetic,  but that certainly wasn't the case.   The manager was clearly irritated by our request to keep some chairs open for late arriving guests, even though we had been told earlier it wouldn't be a problem.   The food was ok, a bit on the bland side.
3	The martinis are so sweet! To me the only one worth getting is the margarita martini, at least u can tell there is liquor in it the others I have tried are syrup and who knows what else The GIRLS that greet u at the door could look a bit happier. We got 4 rolls all were very good. Gordan gecko, eating nemo,shrimp bisket and chuck norris. Chuck noris had more kick than the wife likes but I enjoyed it. Want 2 go back soon.  The place could use a really GOOD cleaning though.
5	I absolutely love this place!  I actually am not a huge sushi fan, but my wife is.  She loves the sushi and I can actually eat and enjoy anything on the menu.  I think the difference between this place and other sushi bars is the freshness of the product and I like the happy hour prices. I've been there numerous times and have never had a bad experience.  I recommend this place!PS A little tip, ask for the chopped Wasabi, not the colored stuff they give you.  SOOOO good.
5	Been here twice now. Great food, drinks, atmosphere!  Nice cool place to relax! Would recommend to anyone! Go during happy hour, you'll save quite a bit on the specials at that time.
5	Awesome place great sushi and drinks. Happy hour is awesome. Can't beat 50% off. My wife and I come here at least three times a month or more.
5	A friend of my wife's recommend this place to us and we're so glad that we went. We're both sushi rookies and we sat at the right spot at the bar. Mike Smith helped us with picking out things we would like and we even tried a few things we probably wouldn't have ordered on our own. EVERYTHING was GREAT!!  My wife is going to take the Sushi Class they offer. Thanks Mike for your guidance. Chuck & Lesli
3	I have lived near Blue Wasabi for over two years and decided to pop in one day when I had a craving for sushi.Lucky for my boyfriend and I, we happened to go during happy hour and the deals were great! We tried a variety of the sushi rolls and all around were pretty impressed. The sushi was fresh, but some of the flavors did not mesh well for my taste. The hot edamame was great! I couldn't stop eating the little pods, even after the sushi was served.My only gripe was the waiter seemed to be on another land. For about fifteen minutes I went without a drink and finally walked up to another waiter and requested she help me find the waiter or water- whichever would be faster. Even after the waiter realized we were guzzling water, he seemed to be distracted by something else. As soon as the sushi was served we were handed our ticket as well, despite the place not being busy. That never sits well with me. . . but I suppose in retrospect it was good or we would have waited a while for that as well.All-in-all if I am around the area and crave sushi  I will go. It seems like they have great alcoholic drinks, so I am curious to see about their happy hour solely focused on the drinks. Will try again and hope to not get the same waiter.
5	I've had sushi from all over and Blue Wasabi is my favorite spot. Wish I had one close to where I live now. Any of the rolls are great and service is always top notch. Small recommendation - sit outside. The lighting is a bit dark inside.
5	I have to start off hb saying that our waitress, Paula, may have been one of the best waitresses I have ever had. If every waitress at this restaurant is like her, it is no wonder they are so busy. She was incredibly helpful with food and beverage recommendations and all the food was delicious! I highly recommend the spicy garlic edamame, Chuck Norris roll, and buttah face drink for dessert! I will definitely be returning as soon as I can.
5	Their Happy Hour is very IMPRESSIVE! Drinks are AMAZING! The Orange Dreamsicle one is what I get every time. It is only like $5 for happy hour and is very large. The Macademia Nut Crusted Chicken Strips with Sweet Chili Sauce is to die for and only like $4. Such good happy hour specials. Very hip atmosphere. The only small complaint that I would even have is that I wish it opened earlier. I went there two different times in the afternoon and it was not open until dinner, bummer. Now I know. Amazing Food, Drinks, Service and atmosphere!
4	New manager, Matt, us making Blue Wasabi relevant again.  Great sushi, rolls & martinis.  The Tuna Poke is excellent...try the "Chuck Norris" roll, edemame and miso soup with any of their martinis...it doesn't disappoint.  Ashley, on your first night serving, nice job!
2	If you're into restaurant/bars where 30-something women go to hang out after loudly announcing, "OMG! Sushi and Martini Monday!" after a rough day at the office, then this your place. Or perhaps if you're into trendy bullshit like trying to look sophisticated while you sip your appletini and eat over-seasoned edamame, then Blue Wasabi is your spot. If you're into a tasty, cool and refreshing glass of water to cure that parched palate, then by all means, check out Blue Wasabi.But if you're into good sushi, go somewhere else. 2 stars because my water was good.
5	This place is amazing...service is great, food is great, good looking staff...good prices....definetly coming back..way better than RA
5	Our favorite place to go for date night! Happy hour is until 6 and the martinis are very tasty - it's easy to get carried away. The servers are great and super helpful. The Chuck Norris and Taylor Swift are our favorite rolls.
5	We drove over 50 miles one way to satisfy our sushi cravings.  We were not disappointed. The food is stellar & the service excellent.  The sushi is always fresh & melt in your mouth delish.  We ordered the other wasabi paste diced and prepare for some fire! The ice cold Kirin beers were appreciated!  The owner Jim is always there, working along with his wonderfully trained staff, overseeing & making the patrons feel welcome & special.We love this place and only wish it were closer!
4	Really good options during their happy hour. We ordered five different plates and it only costed us $38. My favorite was the Chuck Norris Roll!
5	I was visiting from Los Angeles and my friend who lives in the area wanted to have a belated celebratory birthday dinner for us both at Blue Wasabi. Her & her husband love this place and she raved about their food. Good sushi & great company? I'm all about it... We arrived around 7pm and I was dropped off out front in hopes of securing a table for 6 on a busy Friday night. They only had room for 6 at the long communal table in the center of the main room but I wanted our party to have a table of our own. A manager stepped in and said they just had to clear out a table and we would be seated. Im pleased to say we were seated in less than 5 mins. Excellent.Blue Wasabi has a very modern vibe from the not-so-typical heat lamps outside in the dining patio to the color changing backdrop behind the sushi bar and the high chairs & tables we were seated on. Very blue from the seat upholstery, staff shirts and even the plate our unagi was served on. Oh and I cant forget the wasabi was actually blue. I'm somewhat of a purist but I was game. I liked that they changed it up a bit. It's definitely unique. We started off with the spicy rockin shrimp tempura ($14.50). This was so good. It's served warm, crispy, sitting in a lettuce cup inside a martini glass. The shrimp was crispy on the outside, tasted fresh and lathered in a slightly spicy mayo. This dish is a star... And we subsequently asked our excellent waitress Kathy to bring 2 additional orders of this deliciousness. As soon as they brought one to the table, our party inhaled it. Order it. Dont even think twice.Others things we ordered were: the unagi (fresh water eel) sashimi plate ($11.25). I love eel & this unagi order had generous slices of the goodness drizzled with the requisite eel sauce. I liked it... Next up was the crispy spicy tuna ($10). This was excellent. I even had to let the manager know that the way they served it up (still warm) was the key to enjoying this dish fully. The crispy rice makes it... with the spicy tuna, jalapeno slice, cilantro and drizzled in sauce. I also let the manager know that they executed this dish far better than the famed Katsuya restaurants in Los Angeles whose signature appetizer is the crispy spicy tuna. Those Philippe Starck designed restaurants can learn from how they do it at Blue Wasabi. Order it. Trust me... Next was the Marilyn Monroll ($14.75). It's tuna, yellowtail, spicy tuna & salmon alongside avocado, cucumber & crab wrapped in a big roll of pink soy paper. It was good. Dont try to scarf it in one bite unless you're ready for the heimlich. It's a biggie... Next up was the Yo Adrian! of Rocky Balboa fame. It's a roll with crab, cream cheese topped with smoked salmon. Good stuff... Next was the kaboom roll ($13.50). It's a plate of cut california rolls with a mound of baked shrimp dynamite topping it. Good stuff. It tasted great. It's a lot of food on one plate. Delicious... Next was the bad boy of the bunch. The dirty sanchez ($13.75)... it's a tempura battered roll with eel, crab, cream cheese topped with a teriyaki-like sauce. It was very good. And I do not normally mess with any rolls with cream cheese but I would order this again & again. It was quite tasty... Next on the menu was the wango mango ($8.25) roll which has spicy krab in a mango sauce encompassed in soy paper. It wasnt one of my favorites. It wasnt bad. Just not as good as the rest... Next up was the grammy award winning tail-er swift roll ($9.75). It was made up of spicy yellowtail wrapped in soy paper topped with yellowtail sashimi & avocado. It was very good. The flavors & texture went very well together. Good stuff... I have to say I was very impressed overall with Blue Wasabi. The staff was great. From Kathy our awesome waitress, to the manager who assured us of a table to our liking to Jim the owner who treated us like family. It was a great, memorable dinner of good times & good food and drinks. Jim the owner recognized my friend & her husband as ones (she) that asked why there werent any coconut flavors in any of their specialty martini drinks. Jim said he would have something to her liking when they returned and sure enough there was a drink named after them (her husband). The infamous MAGIC MIKE.... Hahaha... Awesome. Order it ladies! or gentlemen... Whoever you are, just order it! Jim also showed us some aloha by insisting we add to our order of the dessert banana nut spring roll (DELISH) to celebrate our birthdays, by adding the chocolate rainbow roll (YUM) and comping us both of them. What?!? How cool is that?? That was above & beyond... Oh and that Magic Mike drink was on him as well since my friends were the couple that inspired its creation.... Amazing.All I know is our whole experience from Kathy to Jim and the stellar dishes that were served and thoroughly enjoyed by our party has given me no choice but to be a customer of this fine establishment every time I'm in town. Thank you Jim. And thank you Blue Wasabi.
5	This place is what got me hooked onto sushi. I was never a very big fan of sushi until I came here. The food was amazing and super fresh. Their happy hour menu is pretty awesome too. Although, their sushi is a little bit more expensive than other places (you do get what you paid for here). It's expensive but their sushi is amazing.
5	Great food and drinks! I love the Spicy Tuna Roll so good!! I get it every time, does have alittle kick to it so if you like spicy then this is for you! As far a the Martinis I love the Lemon Raspberry Ice and Milky Way! Great atmosphere and nice employees :)
