2	I'm not a kfc fan -I only came here because I'm a fan of Long John Silvers. I ordered a 2piece fish meal (basically the first combo on the LJS side).  Not like other LJS (i wanted cheese-sticks, with hushpuppies(only reason why I came here), and corn on the cob. This LJS express didn't have cheese-sticks or corn on the cob.  Basically it was to much food and the potato wedges were nasty.
4	I used to avoid this place like the plague.  KFC? That's unhealthy!  Long John Silvers? Forget about it!  Nut not really if you do your research.  The Grilled Chicken Breast and the Green Beans are a great choice.  Always a good option when you want to change it up a bit.I've been here a few times in the past five years and wasn't impressed.  For my past two recent visits it wasn't too bad.  The place isn't crowded when I come for lunch and the employees are super friendly.  The place is clean, the food comes out hot.  They have Pepsi Products: Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Pepsi Max, Tropicana Pink Lemonade...I'll come here again.  It's going in my work lunch rotation for sure.
1	The food here is disgusting!I didn't buy anything but my friend bought some grilled chicken with green beans and coleslaw. He found the hairs IN the chicken YUCK! His green beans were very sour and tasted disgusting. The coleslaw was sticky and smelled like feet.DON'T GO HERE!!!!!
1	Bad!  Bad food, bad service, very dirty and they were out of everything!  My mother in law wanted Long John Slivers, and well this was close to the house.  We should have left.  So here's hoping they clean things up!
2	I was on my way to get my eyebrows done; however, I needed to put something on my stomach.  I haven't eaten here in years but now I know why.  I can't stand when there's a lot of fat on the chicken.  Almost as if it's not cleaned.For the most part the staff was nice.
4	Very clean and fast. Nice hot food. I think the guys name was Ivan who was full of personality and awesome. Sometimes you guys are out of chicken though.
1	The last few times I've been here, they've been out of chicken at like 7:30 pm. You're a chicken place! How the hell are you out of chicken strips, fried chicken, grilled chicken. Your night time employees are rude and lazy. We ended up leaving since they pretty much didn't want to service us.
3	I tried the new boneless chicken, they are very similar to the main meat on a chicken breast. No partical nugget stuff. I was actually pretty impressed. Not to mention they are on sale for just $1 right now with any order. It said limit of 1 but I asked for 2 and they didn't give me any problems.
1	Worse service ever!!  The workers there got our orders wrong!  The girl taking my order never put in my cookies I ordered. She didn't apologize or anything!! They couldn't figure out how to give a large fry as a side on my friends order and told him he would have to pick another side and by the fries separate!!  So dumb!!!  Will never go back to that place!!
1	Its hard to rate a place on interaction of one said teenager female employee, but I must.   Here after referred to as HER.Everyone here is of great professionalism, however the weakest link breaks the chain. My work friends and I find it a gamble to see who is working on the day we decide to visit. If it is not HER things are great and friendly and fast. If it is HER we get the blank, empty stare with no eye contact or customer service energy. Its like she (HER) rather be in bed sleeping or she could even by high or something.I'm sure this store could figure out who HER is and fix the issue.Also, why offer grilled chicken breasts if there is never any available?  Or it takes 20 mins to make but, wait, you drop the chicken of the floor (HER) and we wait 10 more minutes. But wait, you gave our chicken to someone else who walked in and out the door (HER) so we have to wait 10 more minutes again only to have to take our food to go because the lunch hour is almost up?Or even worse, at another visit we asked for grilled chicken breasts and you say you don't have any?  Only way to get it is to tell the cashier that you will wait for it. Good luck on that. Might I recommend Roberto's Tacos or Yogi's Teriyaki in the same shopping center?
1	This KFC is slow and NEVER has anything ready.  I twice went there to get the grilled chicken.  After waiting on line for 20 minutes, I was told they didn't have anymore.  You would think on a Friday night they would have planned better and cooked some up when it got low.
1	If you going to use the Drive-Thru at this KFC .....STOP..!!!, Don't waist your time and don't even think about it. You NEVER get your order right. Either they put wrong item you did not ask for or something is missing when you get home. Order taker has no clue how to take an order. Even today 5/14/2014 with manager looking over his shoulder, order taker screwed up. AGAIN..!!        "The order taker needs to know what's on the menu and sadly, need to know how to work the keypad for taking order..!!! "Never Again..Done with this KCF.ND
1	live yelp review. i am writing in all caps because it was that bad!!employee working register told me to hold on to attend drive-thru when two other employees were already looking like lost (hush) puppiesfriend had to grab his own cup because girl in front blanked out and didn't give it to him.one employee couldn't even read the order screen (maybe the reason why they always f*ck up on orders?!)waited more than half an hour to get food.food was cold.coleslaw was hot. while the chicken was cold .when i went to get dr. pepper. mr pibb came out!four different groups of customers, left because of the long john wait.planned to eat in but was given to-go boxes.there was food all over the kitchen floor.couldn't tell the difference between a piece of chicken from a piece of fish.no utensil were given for my already cold mashed potatoes.our entire group will never ever come back!
1	my order was wrong and took forever and tasted like crap plus the employees were grab assing around and I seen them making out  a kid touch a girl on her ass in front of customers that is very un professional and they want a raise! grow up and act professional
1	My drive thru orders are always screwed up, especially tonight. Ordered 3 pieces grilled legs meal, opened the box there was 2 thighs, where's the other piece? And I said legs only no thighs. Comes with 2 green beans and they gave me one. The order taker had the audacity to tell me I took the last one. Ummm ok? Do you have the courtesy to tell me before I opened the box to check my order? Ordered a piece of breast, paid for it and came home with no breast. Tried to call the manager to complain and its a recorder. My whole order was screwed up and I paid full price. Go elsewhere for better services!
