4	Delicious cakes.
4	Stopped in for the first time yesterday.  Cute store, lovely cakes on display.  The man working behind the counter makes the cakes and does a great job.  Ordered my family 2 muffins and 2 cupcakes.  I ate the red velvet cupcake which was pretty good.  I would have loved it more with a cream cheese frosting.  Cute store, love checking out small businesses!
5	Brian made our wedding cake this past March.  Not only was it gorgeous and exactly what we asked for, but it was also delicious.  All of our guests complimented how amazing it tasted, and even in our pictures it looks scrumptious!  If you are looking for an honest, reasonably priced baker to help make your wedding (or baby shower or any other special occasion) that much more memorable, you really need to contact Brian.  He is patient, friendly, and incredibly talented - he's very open to customization to help make your cake unique.  You won't be disappointed :)!
1	It always irks me when I show up at 5:45 when a business is posted to be open until 6:00 and they are closed
1	The guy behind the counter was friendly enough. The cupcakes were very small. They should take coffee out of the name, I felt as though I was drinking the complimentary coffee at a Motel 6.
1	The only positive thing about this place is that it's located by a dress shop. When I went into the shop to ask about pricing for a simple wedding cake that employee (male) only asked me the date of the wedding before replying that "oh well everyone else is getting married that weekend to so if we did it you would need to pick it up." I further pushed for information on pricing and was continuously met with short and rude replies.  Not only will I not use them but I will never return, and as an event planner I will spread the word that these people do not know how to treat a potential customer.
5	Every cake has been amazing. Super moist and great flavors, not just the same old thing you get from a mass produced place.  Bring your imagination cause if you can dream it up he can do it!!!!!You should also visit for coffee.  They have a coffee bar with freshly made muffins, cupcakes, cookies and specialty coffee drinks.  A great place to get together with friends, lots of room for groups or business meetings.
4	Stopped in for a much needed coffee on a cold day. I was headed for the National Memorial Cemetery which is right up the road.The decor is super cute and the delightful smell of baked goods fills the room!I had a regular cappuccino. The service was friendly and the coffee was great.Well done.
5	My cake was awesome and exactly what I ordered. Service was incredible! Brian is very detail oriented and dependable. The cake was one less detail we had to worry about for our special occasion. We have since been back several times for coffee and muffins....cupcakes too...yum.  Very relaxed atmosphere and lots of room so you don't feel like your sitting right next to other customers.
5	I am definately giving them 5 stars!!! I ordered a cake for my friend for her 30th Birthday. Not only Brian went out of his way to make my cake in a short amount of notice but he worked with me on the design. It came out amazing, the cake was not only beautifull but very delicious. I am ordering another cake from him this weekend for a another friend of mine for her baby shower. I have no doubt that it will be gorgeous and I cant wait to work with this bakery for my future events. See the picture of my gorgeous cake.... many compliments were given that night!!! This place is definately my new bakery!!! Thank you guys, and I would give you 10 stars if it was available!!!
5	I ordered a birthday cake for my son's first birthday and was beyond thrilled with their cake. The adorable turtle I'd seen on their website was just as cute in person as it was online. The cake was flavorful, light, and delicious-- the hit of the whole party. Considerately, the price even included a personal "smash cake" for the birthday boy. I cannot recommend this bakery high enough!
2	Stopped by My Goodness Cakes on a trip to Phoenix. I ordered the red velvet cupcake and was quite disappointed. Cake was dry and flavorless and the icing had a funny taste- kind of like plastic. Cupcakes also didn't taste fresh at all. Owner was very friendly and pleasant!
5	I ordered my wedding cake from here and I absolutely loved it. They were so helpful and nice and brought the cake right on time and all of our guests absolutely LOVED it! Thank you again!
5	Ahhhhh. Let's put it this way... Brian created an amazing white, fondant, 3-tier cake for my wedding. As tradition has it, my new husband and I were given the top tier of our cake to be eaten on our one year anniversary. We got married 3 months ago, and half of this top tier is already gone because we CANNOT STOP OURSELVES! It is so delicious. I believe the top and bottom tier were butter rum. The middle and a sheet cake were chai. And then we had one chocolate chocolate sheet cake. This was the perfect amount for our 200-guest wedding. I love these cakes!!
