3	So this is a chain, is a chain, is a chain. They delivered last week while I was on vacation. We went with my spouses parents, so 4 at the table. Ordered salads, while the 'rents ordered an appetizer, which was fried something like taquitos. The appetizer was deep fried to oblivion, while  the dipping sauce did nothing to rescue the little buggers. Salad bar, which is kick-ass, gives this place 2 stars all by itself. Plenty fresh, plenty of choice. My usual is to pile the salad so high that by the time I am half way down the line, it's a circus act to keep everything loaded on already on the plate, and add more to the mound without having the whole mess tumble off the edges. This time I behaved, and made it back to the table with no spillage. Main meal was a rib-eye steak. I must have rib-eye confused with filet mignon, because my steak was thin. And not very tasty. Baked potato and broccoli rounded out my meal. Both done OK. Other meals gotten were satisfactory, as was the service. We got talked into a chocolate cheesecake dessert. One order with 4 forks. It was still too big. Ate too much. So for now, this reviewer says skip the fried appetizers and the rib-eye. Two and two-thirds stars, rounded up to  three. Let me know how the rest of the menu parses out.
5	This place is great (especially for a chain!).  They have a nice bar which is where I prefer to sit, with nice hd tvs.  They have a nice booze selection as well (including Hennessy- my personal fav). They have a salad bar which always temps me, but I can't say no to their ribs! They are sooo good (much better than chilis or any other chain I've had). The new tacos are also awesome. If you want a good app, go for the spring rolls or the quesadillas. I always substitute dessert for drinks so I can't really help there, but I'm sure they're also good!
3	So we went here for a brunch this morning for my brother's wedding. We had a large party (30 people ish) and they were very accommodating for us. We had a big section of the restaurant just for us and they had a menu for large parties that we could order from. The restaurant also looked really nice, they revamped these restaurants to look more like steakhouses so they look a lot nicer than they used to. The waiters were all really nice and the head cook was also nice, came out to make sure everything was ok. The food, however, was not so awesome. I got steak and eggs and ordered my steak medium well. This thing was way well done, like dark brown throughout. It tasted mediocre. Another party member requested eggs sunny side up, but apparently they only use egg beaters, not real eggs so they couldn't do that. I guess I don't blame them, they don't have brunch everyday, but it's still a bit strange. Anyway, I probably wouldn't go there to eat again, but I did appreciate the great service. I would recommend this place for big parties for brunch because even though the food isn't awesome, it is affordable, they work with you, it's close to the airport, and the service was good.
5	Awesome as usual.  (Went with the full rack of original style ribs, add fried shrimp tossed in the thai phoon sauce, and broccoli and mashed potatos)
4	I like Ruby Tuesday.  It's a chain yes, but I love their salad bar!  Usually when I go, I am by myself and the staff usually lets me keep to myself.  They don't bother me to the point of annoyance but they always check up on me.  All of the people are very friendly and as long as they keep the salad bar up and the staff happy, then I don't really see any problems.  (Except they've taken the crab cake burger and veggie burger off the the menu!  Those were my faves!)
2	I've only been to a Ruby Tuesday once in my life and that was in Upstate New York. Yesterday I needed to eat somewhere close to my work and this was the closest option.To start, when I walked in the door the first thing the host said was, "Who are you?" I have been hosting and working in a restaurant since I was 16 and I've never ever said that to someone. It was really rude.My buddy was sitting at the bar so I went to sit with him (insert evil glare from the hostess here). They had the Red Sox game on so I couldn't really complain. The server was good, but I noticed she was doing her homework behind the bar. I needed water a couple of times and didn't get it because she was distracted. I know how these businesses run and I would never allow my employee to do their homework where someone could see, or at all for that matter.Food was good. I had the chicken fresco with mac and cheese and a salad. The salad was disgusting and wilted but the rest of the food was pretty tasty.A couple other things I disliked about my experience here: they were cleaning the restaurant in front of the customers. I don't mean just cleaning the dirty tables, but getting on their hands and knees and scrubbing parts of the restaurant. I nearly knocked a guy over walking out of the restroom. I realize they were slow but it turned me off a bit. Also, the other employees were talking about tables right in front of me. They could have refrained from that and filled my water that was empty right in front of me. They were also eating right in front of me which I find unsanitary and unprofessional.In a nutshell, the food was this place's only saving grace, but I am not going to go running back anytime soon. They are a little better than Applebee's but not much.
4	I am not a fan of corporate chain-food BUT.....I make an exception for This Ruby Tuesday location.  Several experiences - both Lunch and Dinner.  With a group and just with the Spousal Unit.  Always Always Good.Clean, Fresh faced, Friendly staff with good manners.  Where do they find so many healthy, happy young people to work for them?GOOD MENU - clam chowder YES. crab cakes OH YES. Grilled zuchini YES. Baked Tilapia RIGHT ON. Salad Bar has edamame among other things so YES. Solid burger offerings - both beef & turikey TASTY.  Nice plate presentation, interesting food combinations without being pretentious.  So we pretent we don't know its a chain and its owned by some good old gal named RUBY and we keep going back!
4	The food is really good. I can recommend like 5 dishes that anyone would like. If not, try the soup and salad bar. My favorite dish is the Chesapeake Catch, but their Ultimate Chicken Sandwich and California Club Quesadilla are amazing also. The staff works well together and the managers know the value of loyal customers. The GM was GM of the Year before and he wants to make sure every customer who leaves is happy. The kitchen staff is also great.  Keep up the good work!
4	Good salad bar.  Good, consistent food.  Sign up for their email newsletter, you will get some good coupons.  Without coupon or some special I probably would not go.
3	Place was clean. The food and service was fine. If you're in the mood for some Ruby Tuesday, you found it.
1	I went during lunch hour.  1130am on a Tuesday.  Service was slow.  Too bad there is no option for zero stars.  I thought the server had forgotten about us.  Food:  1.5 stars.  I ordered their Freshly Made Soup & Garden Bar .  I got the broccoli & cheese soup and a trip to the salad bar.  Super excited that I was able to create my own personal salad... I was disappointed by their selections.  Tomatoes where sliced not diced.  Broccoli was dried.  No garbanzo beans, They had no olive oil and balsamic vinegar for a dressing.  The salad bar was limited and nothing looked that fresh.  I believe it was an unlimited salad bar.  I only made one trip.  Broccoli & cheese soup was EXTREMELY salty and the broccoli was very limited. If you are looking for a place to go to lunch and youre on a time crunch.  Avoid this place or take a late lunch around 130pm.    Hopefully, you'll get better service.
3	This restaurant was located around the corner from my hotel, and seemed like a simple choice.  The food was good and the service outstanding.  Give it a try.
3	A few of my coworkers and I have a monthly lunch meeting.  I picked this place so our Tempe and Phoenix ladies can meet and I have to jet after lunch for a meeting with my VP.  The staff is nice and friendly.  Parmesan Chicken Pasta - Breaded chicken breast served over al dente penne tossed in Parmesan cream sauce, then finished with marinara and Swiss.This dish was very rich.  The mix of the parmesan cream and marinara was a weird mix.  Not my favie.
3	Average food...had the creole whitefish.  It was overcooked and the spaghetti squash pairing was a reach.  Service was great.
2	Food here was okSalad bar has good variety.  Service here sucks.  Salad bar was missing several items.  Several people complained and amongst the 3+ servers, they couldn't fill the missing items on a weekend at 7PM.
4	This place does not appear on most GPS systems, so beware of that fact. Things were pretty quiet on a Saturday night when my party of six entered., Most people opted for the salad bar which looked fresh. Others got chicken penne parmesan (not good) and also mini-sliders that were mostly left uneaten. Turns out that my order of 1/2 rack of baby back ribs - memphis dry rub style - were the best of the bunch. The rack could have used more rub, but the meat slid off the bones and the ribs were actually quite tasty. A side of BBQ sauce helped the cause. White cheddar mashed potatoes and a solid order of string beans made for a fancy looking kind of dish at this chain. The one thing that was an issue is that in the new commercials they claim that the salad bar comes with all entrees. Well, it costs an extra $2.99 for the salad bar with the ribs or you can get those two sides included. Kind of a bait and switch in my opinion, but luckily the ribs on this night worked out for me.
1	Ok..I think this is the one by the aloft hotel.... I usually don't eat at chains..but it was getting late and didn't want to drive.. I ate at ruby Tuesday several time s....but this one had to be the worst one in the us... the salad bar was a bit bare and un appetizing looking...thousand island dressing looked just foul..and it was room temp... ordered the ribeye (most expensive thing on the menu) it was disgusting!! I ate 1/2 of it because I was hungry...big mistake 3 am I violated the commode in the hotel room... room 301 off housekeeping reads this my apologies
5	Spaghetti squash marinara 260 cals and doesn't taste like it!  Completely love this place!  Husband and I have been avoiding this place for years because it was always unhealthy with mostly fried choices.  We decided to be a little bit bad one day and went in to share something.  What a pleasant surprise to find they had some really great healthy choices and the calories listed right there on the menu so you dont have to guess or feel annoying by having to ask.  My husband got the spaghetti squash which I never had before and would never in a million years choose myself in fact the 260 calories listed made me turn my nose up thinking yuck that will be tasteless.  I got some whiskey or something flavored chicken cant remember with garlic mashed cauliflower which was a little over 300 calories.  Mine was amazing, tasty, and healthy and the whole time I was eating it I wished I had ordered that spaghetti squash cuz it was even better than mine!  Love it and will definitely be back.
3	Came here today for a work lunch.  It was pretty busy and they seemed to be handling it rather well.I ordered the new Spicy Fish Tacos and the build your own salad.  The tacos where't anywhere near spicy but they really weren't that bad.  I was more than a little disappointed with the salad bar.  The stand out item from my visit today was the Pom Tea, maybe because I'm sucker for all things pomegranate and tea but I was very happy with my beverage.
3	It's like any other chain I've been too in the categories of Denny's, TGIF, Eppie's, Carrow's, Brookfields, Applebee's, Chilli's... You name it in this category it's all hit or miss. However my chicken sandwich turned out to be good. The free bread they tossed on the table? No thanks, but I appreciate the effort. Can't go wrong with tap beer. Ruby Tuesday's? What are you known for?
4	Great service! I just came from a 15 hour trip and decided to go out of the hotel. I made the right choice. Erick, the waiter that helped me was such a friendly guy and made the dining experience much nicer.
5	Why can't they  come here
4	Need more of these in the valley upgrade from chili's. I like their menu food is good. Great happy hour. Didn't care to much for crab cakes
1	Bad food.  I don't think it is a problem with this location.  More of a Ruby Tuesday problem.  Food sounds good on the menu, but the appearance and taste is poor and has been past 2 times
3	Finally got around to trying Ruby Tuesday for the first time today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I had learned of their salad bar, which I could count as a buffet as long as it included soup.  Unfortunately, the one here didn't.  The rest of my order was for a couple of their mini cheeseburgers & fries.  Here's how it went:THE GOOD:*  Nice, comfortable restaurant.*  Nice Salad Bar of 24 items, except that it didn't have soup.*  Friendly, attentive table service.*  The food was good, especially some tasty little drop biscuits brought to the table.= = = = = =THE NOT AS GOOD:*  Unlike other restaurants such as Marie Calendar, JB's, etc. the salad bar here didn't include soup & bread, so I didn't find it to qualify as a buffet.  (It wouldn't suffice for lunch without adding another $9 to $20 item.)*  Yes, it was quite expensive!  Plan to spend a total of about $20 per person for a regular lunch here, without any alcohol.I doubt I will ever return to a Ruby Tuesday.  With nothing "bad" to report about the place, I feel compelled to give it 3 Stars, but when a lunch costs more than at Chompie's, for instance, it had better really be something, & this one wasn't.     :-)
5	Good food and great service. Had not been to a Ruby Tuesday's in a long time and was told they have a new owner. Loved the salad bar and the broccoli cheese soup. I noticed it was very busy when I went there. I'll definitely go back to try other menu items.
4	First ever time trying a Ruby Tuesday and since it was in walking distance to the hotel I was staying at worked out great.Had the baby back ribs & chicken tenders, comes with fries but opted for the onion rings.Ribs - decent tastingOnion Rings - crispy & delicious Chicken Tenders - not great For dessert tried the blondie which is a brownie with nuts, comes with ice cream on the side.Service was good but the guy had way to many tables but did a great job. Only thing we didn't get with our meal was the biscuits.Had a pleasant dinner nonetheless.
4	The service here is what amazes me. We were greeted by a guy with a great big smile who seemed thrilled that we had walked into his restaurant.  He took us to an outside table. Within minutes our server arrived and helped us choose a menu item that would serve us.  We split a baked ravioli dish and added a trip to the salad bar for $2.99.  The ravioli was delicious and plenty for the two of us. Our server, Eddie, returned frequently to keep our water glasses full and to make sure that we were okay. Eddie made us feel very welcome. If we lived in Phoenix we would return again to this Ruby Tuesday. As it is we are just here for the night before flying out in the morning.
4	first I hate chain restaurants when I'm out of my own neighborhood.  why would anyone go to one when on vacation??? I'm stuck in Phoenix and this was the only thing in walking distance. Steak was cooked to perfection, service to perfection,  mashed potatoes and mac and cheese was up there as well.  great job.
5	They have delicious food here and the service was pretty quick. The workers are also very friendly and helpful.
2	I only write about chains when something happens that distinguishes it from all the other chains. In this case, it was the lackluster service from the moment we walked in the door. The food was predictable, the salad bar was fresh and the ambience was like all other chains of this type. So bad service is noticeable. We asked for a booth. There were very few diners in the restaurant and the dinner area to the left of the entrance - and far from the bar - was pretty empty. But the host chose to seat us right next to a large and loud group near the bar. Why? On a slow Monday night, the whole other quieter side of the restaurant had available empty booths but the only place he could find to put us was right next to a loud and boisterous party? WTF? I noticed that everyone who arrived after us were seated on the quieter side of the restaurant. Next was our disappearing and interchangeable waitresses. We started out with waitress #1 who seemed pleasant and efficient but sometime after she dropped our entrees on the table, she stopped being our waitress and never checked back with us. Later it was waitress #2 who showed up to drop the check on the table. No one checked back with us about our meal or asked if we wanted dessert or coffee. We had also asked for water when we were first seated and were given one glass. A single glass of water for the two of us. I guess we were supposed to share? Maybe it was just a slow Monday. Maybe the host didn't like taking a booth request. Maybe the service is always this sad. I won't be coming back to find out.
5	My first time here. Great service AND food.  This was our first time here and will not be the last.  The service was amazing and loved it.
2	This place is inconsistent. Every time we come here the quality is different. The burgers used to be delicious and most recently they waver. They do have great discounts- which is what keeps us coming back. The biscuits they give are also very tasty.
4	I ordered take out while staying at an airport hotel nearby. I had the bacon cheese pretzel burger with fries. It completely hit the spot after a long day of work and driving. The fries reminded me of the county fair - which is saying a lot coming from a Midwestern girl. Friendly service, no hassle pickup with designated parking spaces for takeout. Overall a great experience.
5	Relaxing! Great service, personable manager! Food was perfect! Comfortable experience for an out of town single female! Will be back.
4	I came to Ruby Tuesdays for lunch today.  Been out running errands,  not lookin my best and the hostess seated me in the far back corner away from other guests. That's fine.. I don't really mind being hidden away like a dirty little secret. . Atleast it was quite. My server was polite,  she took my drink order then brought me some biscuits with my Coke.When she returned I ordered the Asiago peppercorn steak with grilled zucchini and mashed potatoes. $14.99Now just let me say I LUV A GOOD STEAK!My steak was a perfectly prepared medium. Properly seasoned and delicious. My only complaint would be it wasn't large enough. . I could easily have devoured 18oz's of this steak. The grilled zucchini was perfectly seasoned if a little undercooked.The mashed potatoes however were rather unpalatable. I truly expected real potatoes not instant. If i'd known I would have ordered the baked potato. It's much harder to fake..The server came and checked on me once but never offered to refill my coke. When I was finished,  I headed for the hostess station to pay since the server hadn't brought me my check.So.. order the steak,  only the steak, and nothing but the steak. .
1	i don't know  what's  up with this place, oh wait yes i do poor management!  manager jj or bj is a real racist asshole who seems to be over compensating  for something  hmmmm..... waitress was very unattentive and seemed  to be playing  musical waiters as so many different  employees  came to my table to refill and drop off food. with this many employees  in a half dead restaurant  why was my waitress m. i. a. ?  even with all the extra help refills took forever. staff is too busy socializing to do thier job. plus roaches and flys in the salad bar and even mice cutting you off at the ankles. never again!!!  i'm pretty critcal of most places but i'd sooner get a hot dog from the circle k in front before i ever eat here. don't waste your money or your time!
3	Ya' know, I liked visiting this place for the salad bar. But it seems to have lost some of its appeal for me. It was pretty mediocre last visit. I mean, it was simply, nothing special. Other than that, everything else was adequate. This location is close to the airport, so its a convenient pre-flight stop before traveling. Better to tank up here than play the "airport food game." No thanks.
