4	Angie's is one of the best places for breakfast or an early lunch.Their buttered toast is fantastic. But their Belgian waffles and pancakes are even better.Portions aren't enormous, but quality beats quantity any day.I spy pie. It looked glorious but haven't gotten around to try it yet.
5	Angies has been the go-to spot for my friends and I to get breakfast in Waterloo for the past couple years. If you want to spend a saturday morning with your friends over breakfast then Angie's is the perfect place to go.
5	I've been so fortunate in that the last few reviews I have had the pleasure to write have literally written themselves, in that the service,food and overall experiences have been nothing less than stellar. Angies Kitchen is no exception, although I must throw in a caveat, in that I actually ate at the St. Agatha location, which by most accounts is superior to the Waterloo restaurant. Angies offers up a simple, but delicious home style cuisine. the weekend buffet is legendary. They offer a full salad bar and their fall off the bone ribs are among the best I have ever had. the service is tremendous and no detail is spared. Servers are attentive without being overly forward, they seemingly blend into the background emerging at just the right time to replenish a half filled coffee mug or offer water when its needed most. I was in awe of Sharon the endless ball of energy that seemed to simultaneously work the buffet line, offer menu recommendations, and efficiently delegate to her busy staff, all well taking the time to greet regular patrons by name and engage in easy chit chat with them as she proceeded to seat them in their preferred locations. She did this all with the delicate balance of only someone that has made hospitality and the restaurant business a professional career choice and not merely a job could.
4	Had an all-day breakfast for lunch here yesterday. If you want steadfast, spot-on service, then Angie's is your place. If you enjoy fresh-baked bread and homemade preserves, Angie's your place. The eggs were cooked well, the homefries were cooked well, the sausage was okay. What you get here is atmosphere and quick service; the food is good, but not outstanding. I'll go back for sure, but try something different on the menu and then re-evaluate.
3	I had brunch here one day and it was pretty good. I liked my breakfast sandwich, but the omelette and homefries were rather underwhelming. However, I did like the homey feel of the place very very much.
4	I liked the homy feeling of this place.The food and services are decent and I would recommend people trying this out as a budget eatary.
5	I grew up in waterloo, and Angies is a local fix. My favourite meal of the day is breakfast, and I'm always on the lookout for the perfect authentic diner breakfast. Honestly, in all my travels and across all the cities I've lived in, I have yet to find a better traditional breakfast. I'm not the biggest fan of their lunch/dinners, but the breakfast is composed of FRESH BAKED BREAD, and very high quality meats. I always get the breakfast with sausage - and note that I hate those crappy little fatty sausages most places give you. At angies - you get REAL sausage, probably from some lovely local german butcher. My husband always gets the peameal bacon, and they give him a generous portion of this, cooked perfectly. Always be sure to grab a loaf of their fresh bread on your way out, and if you have the room, a home made butter tart too! - Oh and their homemade pies are also AMAZING. Definitely have a pie for desert after your breakfast :)
4	Simple, delicious breakfasts. I especially love the house-made rye toast and house-made jams.  Early bird breakfast special until 11am makes this place a favorite. We eat here several times a month.
5	The best breakfast one can consume is the one eaten the morning following a big night of drinking. It congeals all the queasy, uneasy-ness remaining from the night before, gives you purpose for the day ahead and at the very least makes you warm and sleepy so you can enjoy your day ahead in bed. Students, local business folks and Waterloo locals have been coming to Angie's diner for this exact purpose for over 50 years, and this sunday my WLU Alumni friends and I staggered into Angies as we had so many times during our undergrads excited for what was ahead - a CORNUCOPIA of breakfast options, fresh baked breads and pastries and home made jams - ughh gives me hangover-boner just thinking about it (Sorry for the inappropriate reference but when you're talking #FoodPorn Angie's is tops when it comes to a breakfast/brunch 3some).Before getting to my near sexual breakfast experience I will point out that this was NOT the same Angie's we had frequented so many times in our youth. Yes the breads were baked the same and the Jams were made with the same love BUT this Waterloo mainstay had received a makeover something amazing on the inside and the food somehow tasted way better for it!! No more wood paneling and awful seat coverings. A beautiful matte black finish paint covers the walls now, the white trim seems crisper and the booths and seats have been re-upholstered with a beautiful black leather fabric. Even more there is new hardwood flooring....basically the once tacky interior we loved was now something super chic looking that the older version of me found even more endearing. LOVED IT!!! Nice work team.Ok so now back to the foodporn. I'll keep my points short as I feat that discussing it too long will cause me to prematurely "salivate". We were in a big group (8 hungover hungry dudes) and we ordered a variety of options but here is what my order consisted of:- Saw someone at the table next to me ordering a fresh HOT steaming Sinnamon Bun (no spelling error), and I literally had to hold back from letting a small cry from escaping my lips - I ordered one - IMMEDIATELY! WOW....so long cinna-bon, hello Angies!!! Light, fluffy, melt in your mouth cinnamon and dough. Not overly sweet and HUGE! Admittedly I moaned a bit loud on my first bite (apologies to the table next to us who looked over). - For my main I opted for the eggs Benedict (a personal fav). I knew something was different with the menu here from the last time I was in once I tried my Benny with Peamale. The hollandaise sauce sauce was oustanding - far and away the greatest I've had (and I've had it everywhere). Not overly buttery and a perfect consistency. Like wow....oops I just salivated all over myself....I'm embarrassed...No I'm not!Such a great experience - even had a chance to speak with the current owner of Angie's Diner about her renovation adventures (they did it all in a weekend!) and I thought her coming over to check on us personally was a really nice touch!!X-FACTOR - they make their own breads and jams (which they use in all their breakfasts) BUT you can also purchase loaves of your fav bread or jars of ur fav Angies preserves when your cashing out. Amazeballs!!I'm adding this to my "OOOOOOOOOOO" list - read the list description and you'll know why!
5	I bought a groupon for Angie's Kitchen and decided to try it for the first time, and I was very impressed with the service, food quality, and great prices. It's a diner style restaurant with a very home-y feeling - nothing fancy, but they definitely got the basics down right! The Angie's Melt was amazing and filled with lots of bacon, sausage, eggs, potatoes, and melted cheese ($12). The boyfriend got the lunch special which was $8 for a soup/salad, sandwich, and pie for dessert - he loved his philly cheesesteak sandwich! The portion sizes were big and definitely fills the average person (I could not even finish my Angie's Melt and I can normally eat quite a bit!). They have a wide variety of all-day breakfast items. Highly recommended - will definitely come back again very soon :)
4	Food was excellent.  Service adequate. Atmosphere was full of character.  Definitely a return visit.
2	Alright breakfast place in Waterloo. Was a little bit on the pricey side for breakfast for two people. Wait was really long for food, and it seemed like our waitress (who appeared to be new) forgot about us.
2	Fresh and delicious cinnamon bun but home fries were too dry and sausage was flavorless.
1	Horrible place. We ordered the ribs and chicken tender with garden salad and home fries. The garden salad has rotten leaves. I just cannot believe it. The ribs are tasteless. I feel like eating cardboard. I would not recommend this place to anyone
4	I went there for brunch and I got a dieter's menu...LOVED IT! The homemade bread, sweet potato fries and homemade jam were quite tasty and the entire meal was a great portion! For dessert, we decided to try their blueberry pie. It was wonderful! The blueberries were fresh and the pie was flaky. Service was a little slow, but they were very friendly and happy to serve. But, food came out quite quickly and was fresh! I definitely will be going back!
5	Super friendly servers, quick service. Delicious food, and all day breakfast!
1	We decided to try this place today as an alternative to Cora's which is across the street. Everything here was $3 more. When we got out plate it only came with 1 piece of sausage and bacon and McDonald's uses bigger eggs then them. The potatoes were barely cooked and the pancakes were soggy. I have never had such a worse experience at a place for breakfast. I hope no one makes the same mistake I did. Go to Cora's instead
5	I got a skillet breakfast that was awesome, I'd definitely recommend this lace for anyone looking for a weekend brunch.  The service was fairly quick, food was plentiful and while you're here don't forget to pick up desert to go.  We got a strawberry rhubarb pie and a raspberry pie, both where a hit after dinner (and the next morning).One heads up, the waitress never mentioned it, but you pay at the front, we spent a few minutes waiting for someone to take our payment before heading up to the front to ask.
5	If they had an Angie's in Toronto, I'm certain that there would be line-ups out the door for brunch.  Patio brunch with delicious food and freshly made pies and butter tarts?  Yes please!The service was excellent, as they catered to my arguably ridiculous demands of changing seats because I was too hot, changing my tea flavour, and bringing a plateful of tartar sauce because I like lots of tartar sauce on my fish and chips.  The fish and chips were delicious and was not covered in a thick layer of batter, which was nice.  The fish pieces were actually quite small, so the waiter recommended getting at least 2 pieces.  I agree with him as I'm not a big eater and was able to finish 2 pieces, no problem.  I had some of their beef gravy on my fries, a little watery but it was refreshing as compared to the run-of-the-mill fake stuff that diners normally serve.And their pies looked soooo delicious as they were left-out to cool at the front of the restaurant.  We couldn't resist and bought an entire raspberry pie.  The buttery crust was fabulous and not thick and chunky like the store-bought stuff.  It was also not loaded with sugar and had a very good tart balance from the raspberry.  I regret not getting their strawberry rhubarb pie to-go as well.
5	The breakfast was amazing! We had Krug's sausage which is amazingly smoking and wonderful. The breads are to die for and the eggs taste super fresh. Definitely one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite a while.
5	Love the egg Benedict! The toast comes with the dish is a bonus for the morning. Angie's Melt also looks great, will definitely try it next time~
1	Service is slow the food is ok. I ordered a small fruit bowl and it turned out to be canned fruit. Don't order that. It is just gross!
4	I've been to Angie's more times than I can count, and have generally had good experiences. My girlfriend and I would usually go on weekends, when it gets crazy busy for breakfast/brunch. This is definitely when they get the majority of their business, because they've drastically reduced/eliminated their dinner hours.Generally speaking, the food is pretty good. The toast that comes with the breakfast is made from freshly baked bread, and it comes with a different kind of homemade jam every time. On occasion, the homefries have, to be quite frank, sucked, but more often than not they're decent. I usually order either the Vegetarian or the Spanish omelette, but am rarely full upon finishing it. Thankfully my girlfriend usually doesn't finish all of her food so I take whatever she doesn't want. When I think about why we've been there so many times, I think it's probably a combination of convenience/routine and the fact that the place came to hold a bit of sentimental value.Here are a few random reflections on my many meals at Angie's:1. The lineups suck. You end up packed into the entrance with a bunch of hungover Laurier students while people are forced to squeeze by you on their way out/to the bathroom. There doesn't seem to be a good place to stand, and it can be an annoying way to begin/end your visit. It is, however, a quintessential part of the Angie's experience. It doesn't seem to become an issue until about 11 am-noon, so if you want to avoid the lines, just go around 9 or 10 and you should be fine.2. The service is inconsistent. I think the staff are often overworked during the weekend breakfast rush, and they often make mistakes. Try to keep your order as simple as possible, as extras/special instructions are often screwed up. In the event that mistakes were made, they have sometimes knocked a couple of bucks off the bill, but it would be preferable for them to get the order right in the first place.3. Upon ordering, they will always ask if you want to start off with whatever baked good they've recently made (usually cinnamon buns). I always dislike any attempt to "upsell", but this is more of a head's up than a complaint.4. They often have groupons, and lately they've been giving out $3 gift certificates to use on a subsequent visit. This basically amounts to free drinks, since one of the conditions of the certificate is that you have to buy drinks.
