4	This is one of my favorite dive mexican places in Phoenix.... the place it pretty clean for a mexican place despite the shady looking outside.  Everytime that i have been there i always get the lunch specials... they are a ton of food and cheap (5 to 7 bucks for a large plate)...  The staff is very friendly and they get you in and out in a hurry... i have never been here for dinner... and not sure if i want to... i like being in that area during daylight hours.
4	I still call this place "Sylvia's" from its original name "Sylvia's La Canasta."Food here is legit. And they have a fully stacked salsa and chip bar to hold you over until your food is ready. The seating area is comfortable and ample, stretching out into the shaded patio looking onto seventh ave. The area is nothing to worry about. There are a couple of pockets near there that aren't the best but I wouldn't let it affect my decision to go there or not. . .When this place opened, it was a small corner store with a few regulars and a growing number of true believers. After a few years, its popularity began to soar so they expanded the restaurant and grew the seating areas. What can I say? I'm a softie for bootstraps success stories like this one. Food is delicious, authentic and cheap. I highly recommend swinging by for a daily lunch special, but the service and food are worth the trip around the clock.
4	Have to thank my breos for taking me here with which I would probably have not found this place.  So i was given the disclaimer about this homemade salsa because there is an addiction withdrawal factor.  Holy smackanolies, this salsa was mmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We killed 2 bottles of this heavenly salsa. Had the #1 lunch combo which was a taco, tostada and tamale.  All really good, authentic, and grubbin.  The tamale had a hint of sweetness, which went perfect with my horchata, mmmmmmm!!!!!.  One of the best horchata I've had also, not to chalky not to sweet.  Service was great although we did get the vip tavo service, free guac and refills.  Lunch time crowd can get quite busy.  I believe this mexican spot was est in the 70s, but its definitely been a local favorite for a long time.  If only they bottled that salsa!
4	Great staff and great food.  Just stopped there for lunch this week and was very impressed with what I ordered (#13 I believe).  It is a bit awkward ordering then going to sit down but don't let that stop you from trying it.The chips and salsa, that was a 4.5 stars.
4	Have been a fan of La Canasta's Red Chile for ages. Then they closed Richard's that was close to work so in a jonseing frenzy I decided to drive a few extra miles to check out Sylvia's La Canasta.. was totally worth the drive.Ordered a green chile and red chile burro.. while the red chile was very good the green chile was the real start here! It was tender meat surrounded by a thick and cream like sauce.. haven't had green chile this good in ages!You order from the counter then you sit and wait for your food. This is not a full service restaurant's, just an fyi. With this in mind I thought that 5 bucks a burrito was a bit steep considering that the burros were rather smallish. For the quality and the all you can eat chips and salsa bar made it worth it. I waddled out of there!
3	Great service!  We had a sampler plate but did not try the green chile.  After reading Alex's review, I'll have to give the green chile a try before I can give Sylvia's another star.We waved a server down to tell her that guacamole was missing from our plate and she quickly came back with a big bowl of it.  I left my designer sunglasses there one Sunday and they held on to it until I returned the next Wed.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in town.They have the usual/expected menu, tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc., at really reasonable prices. In the years that I have been going there the food has always been delicious and everyone I have taken has been won over. The staff is friendly and attentive, I have always had really good service.I can't say enough about La Canasta. This place is awesome.Two things, though, the dining room closes at 7 pm and they don't do separate checks.
3	Sylvia's has the best red chili in town. Alexander hit the nail on the head with his review. Sylvia's is the upscale version of Los Compadres down the street in most every way. Salsa bar for fresh pico de gallo (for eat-in only), full bar available next door or beers on ice at the register, and colorful decor throughout.My problem with Sylvia's is the price you'll pay for counter service. For these prices (basically twice Los's) we should get sit-down service. Well, to each his own. For the sit down service, just go a mile to the east to Manuel's at 7th Street. I have a problem paying an extra $0.85 for a slab of butter with my tortilla and $0.65 for extra cheese, just two examples.This red chili is the stuff of legend. The meat is roasted just right and falls apart when you fork it and then it melts in your mouth. The red sauce is perfection with its thickness.They are at their best when putting on their holiday buffet brunches. Scoop your plate full with the guacamole (usually $3.25 each) and the chips (and tortillas) that make La Canasta famous throughout the valley. Oh, and don't forget a healthy helping of the best red chili in town. Yum.
5	Sylvia's has been my favorite Mexican restaurant for the last five years and counting.  It is my go-to place for delicious enchiladas, tacos, taquitos, chimis... okay you get the picture. I just can't find anything negative about this place.  Who cares if it is counter-service? Does that change the taste of the food.  Uh, no way! You get your food in record time, and it is always muy delicioso. The prices are very reasonable and they have an extensive menu with a variety of lunch specials.  My all time favorite entree is their beef tacos.  The meat is very tender with unique seasoning that has a kick to it but isn't overwhelming. Their patio is great for nice-weather days and if your lucky, you'll get some live mariachi music while enjoying your meal. I am never disappointed when I visit Sylvia's, and lunch or dinner there always makes my day!
4	La Canasta, why do you have a big security guard at the front door? Perhaps because you are afraid a bunch of bandits may sneak in and steal all of your delicious salsa? I wouldn't be surprised. The chunky salsa was fresh and full of green chilies and peppers.. The hot sauce so smokey and powerful I had to stop myself from sucking it right out of the bottle. I went for lunch and ordered some special chimichanga.. It was loaded with tender chunks of marinated chicken, covered in a spicy red (not enchilada, more chipotle tasting) sauce and covered in cheese. Wow - really really good. My only complaint? I spilled my margarita right after they sat it down :( Damn clutz, and they charged me for another..Hey it WAS my fault..I was so depressed I ate the entire chimichanga plate and washed it down with another bottle of hot sauce.
5	This is the best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. I've been to them all: Los Dos Molinos, Bario Cafe, Old Tortilla Factory....this beats them all. This place is definitely more authentic tasting than the ones listed above as well although it's still not the real deal but to be honest, real Mexico Mexican food is not that good anyway (Menudo anyone).  Don't be afraid of it's outdoor appearance. It looks like a Liquor store from the outside until you realize it's a restaurant. Inside the restaurant is clean and beautiful. The service is friendly and the food is delicious. Their salsa is not watery nor is it mild and lacking in flavor like all the other restaurants in Phoenix except for Los Dos.The only problem is its location.  It's at the northeast corner of 7th ave and Buckeye (I-10 and 7th ave) During daylight hours it's safe.  And it's pretty safe on the weekends if you can arrive there before 7 PM but on Friday and Saturday, I wouldn't eat there past 7:30.  There are a lot of police officers who eat there and it's local cop joint so its not that dangerous. YOu will have some homeless dudes ask you for money on your way in or out.
4	I only had drinks in the bar, Mateo's I believe it's called. The bartender, "Captain" Ron was very friendly and made a great margarita....Like I'm sure most bartenders in Phoenix. Chatted with a couple cool ladies sitting at the bar who lived in the area, they said they are regulars and love the place. I will be back to try the food very soon.
2	I had lunch here again the other day and I realize I was either very high or absolutely starving last time I ate here. This visit I pretty much had the opposite experience. The food was horrible. The salsa had chunks of tomatoes as big as my fist, the burrito was dry and bland. They sat us in a room under a TV and it was so loud we could barely talk. I'll have to go back though... At least give them one more shot..
2	ok so this place is nothing new to me i have been going here for, i would say 7 years give or take and i am sad to say the changes they have been making are not makin me a happy little pumpkin (?) anyway, i LOVE LOVE LOVE my chips and salsa i mean LOVE. I am sad to say the main reason i went there is to get my "fix", because of their amazing salsa and chip bar, 2 kinds of chips and it USE to be 3 kinds of salsas that they had! i made my very own concoction with 2 salsas they had that i mixed together with lemon juice... the taste was beyond words..MMmmMM..it hasnt been the same since this happened i am heart broken and am now in search of this new salsa out there waiting for me to love.other than that this place loves to nickel and dimes the change outta ya. ugh! i dunno why.. every time i go its always packed and am sure that the 50 cents they get for refills or the 5 cents for a to-go cup!! can be easily resolved by giving me my salsa back... well i dont think it would help that situation, but omg! seriously? sad. dear sylvia's,please make me happy again so i can go and admire your lovely and amazing pictures of clinton and the pope that grace your walls.thanks,love always.. me.
5	Being that I live in San Francisco and only make it to AZ once or twice a year, I'm thankful to get just about any burrito when I'm back home. That being said, Sylvia's burritos are some of the best I've had. I quite enjoy the serve yourself chips (have as much as you want) and the beer selection. I had a simple veggie burrito-  scrumptious. I saved half for the next day's lunch and it was just as good as the night before.Oh Sylvia, I wish I could whisk you away to SF.
3	Average mexican. Kind of cute little strip mall and a little above average ambience. It's good food, but not necessarily great food. I would say that it is fairly priced though.I've been here twice and both times there were some strange smells going down.  Anyone know what that's about? Also - what's the deal with mateo's? is it open? isn't it? what's going on there? i don't understand. Input always welcome!
4	This is the original La Canasta visited by President Bill Clinton.  The restaurant is quite small and cramped, but the food is excellent.  For a very resonably priced lunch, try the Workman's special (it's on the menu). I always get the red chili Workman's, but it also comes in green chili as well.  The Workman's comes with red chili meat, beans and rice for a mere $6.49.  It cannot be beat. The staff is very nice, which is a plus in these days of restaurant chains. This place is family owned and operated. To avoid the lunch crowds, you may want to leave for lunch a little early.  The restarant is close to downtown Phoenix for those working downtown or near the Capitol. For those going in a group, be aware they won't do separate checks, and they won't split the check out at the counter.  I guess due to thefts, you cannot pay at the table, you have to pay at the counter on the way out.
3	I've been going to Sylvia's for years.  Now I live in the neighborhood and go at least twice a month.  It's very average Mexican food for Phoenix.  Over the years Sylvia's food quality has gotten worse and their prices have gotten higher.  Pro:Good for large groupsChips and salsa barCatering is great for parties at homeLarge patioCon:Too much dark meat in chicken entreesDinner prices are too expensive for what you getThe signs posted by management that hang all over the place telling customers what to doObnoxious paint colors
4	This is a good place to eat.  It is pretty basic but the food is always good and the place is clean, with seating indoors or outdoors.  They have a chip and salsa bar that is pretty good - lots of different salsa with two types of chips.  Not the best Mexican  food, but for the money it's a  fair deal.  The ambience is nice.
2	Sylvia's is Meh... I really don't have much more to say about it. From the walk up and order "service" to the salsa bar that children are allowed to play in... meh.Now, it's not HORRIBLE it's just not the best Mexican I've had. My last trip I had the green chile enchiladas. The chile was not flavorful and I was left unimpressed with their rice and beans. Maybe I need to go and order something of the grilled variety and give them another shot. Right now, I remain unimpressed by Sylvia and her Canasta.
3	Back when I was meeting new people, soon after moving here from Ohio, we went here on a Friday for happy hour. I wasn't impressed then; I'm not impressed now.Sylvia's reminds me of that former lover, without whom I couldn't imagine breathing much less going on with life. But after some time apart, you realize that there is more to living. And when you have them back in your life you understand that your time apart was the best time ever. Now, you think it was a mistake to ever get involved. That's how Sylvia's plays in my life. It was there at a time when I thought it was necessary but have grown to understand we were never meant to be.Sorry Sylvia's. I'm taking my class ring back.
3	Sylvia's is one of a few decent Mexican restaurants where you can sit at a real table to take your time eating instead of scarfing your food at a teeny diner-style table, in your car, or waiting until you get home.  Their new cost-cutting measures aren't very customer friendly, but everyone is pinching pennies these days, and Sylvia's is my neighbor. I think there is a sign that says Sylvia's doesn't use lard. Sylvia's also sells both regular and mini-tamales in bulk, which are great for parties. I've ordered the minis and then frozen the extras. They were a big hit (I ordered extra).
2	I only go here because I don't have too many choices walking distance from work... But it's not the bomb!  It's average Mexican food.  But see I'm Mexican and cook original mexican food all the time. I promise u both my Spanish rice and my refried beans are way better than what these people serve up...
1	i will Never go back. the management is the worse. i complained that my green chili burro had no meat... the manager actually took the burro apart and counted the tiny meat parts. he counted out seven pieces and they were tiny pieces. I will never go back! stay away! save your money and go to taco bell!
4	As far as the breakfast goes, Sylvia's kicks some major arse. It is definitely one of my favorite spots to hit in Phoenix for some b-fast. Lunch or dinner, I cannot comment on, as I only go here for breakfast.The place has a rockin chips & salsa bar. We start out our Mexi-break-feast by piling up some regular tortilla chips along with some tostada chips in a bowl. For dippin, they've got a red hot sauce, a traditional red salsa with tomato, onions, cilantro, peppers, etc and they also now have a creamy, spicy guaca-salsa, which is delicious!Their coffee is unique and very good. It is a cinnamon spiced blend, which complements their food very well.They have many Mexican breakfast items that you would expect, and some that you might not. One of our favorites is the breakfast quesadilla, which is pretty large & perfect for splitting with someone else. This tasty dish includes eggs, cheese, green chiles & some other stuff.Their hashbrowns are delish and come with green chiles and cheese on top. Order a side of those to complement your meal.The only reason I didn't give Sylvia's 5/5 is due to their service, which can sometimes be lame. Everything is ordered at the counter (no waiter/waitress) and sometimes there is no one to be found when you need something else. They can also be a pain to deal with if they mess up your order. Today we ordered a side of guacamole & we specifically asked for it on the side. Instead, they put a small amount of guac inside our breakfast quesadilla. When I tried to get a side after the fact due to their screwup, they gave me some flack. Try to improve your customer service a bit Sylvia's.
4	This restaurant has a permanent home in my childhood memories. I grew up in Phoenix, and just about every other Sunday, we'd have dinner at La Canasta. My families favorite ( and still my own ) was the Green chili Beef Burrito, Enchillada Style. So tasty!! For desert, I always had the sopapilla with powdered sugar and honey.Whenever I am in Phoenix, I MUST eat there when i arrive in town, and before i leave!!
4	We have eaten at Sylvia's many times over the past few years and there are always two constants...the food is decent and the restaurant is hot as hell. Breakfast, lunch, or dinner, you will usually get a good meal for a good price. All restaurants do have their off days and Sylvia's is no exception, but we have been pleased more often than not. The things that really irk me about the place is the fact that they charge an additional 75 cents if you want a "to go" cup. I understand that everything costs money, but 75 cents is a little steep. Also, the place is really hot everytime we eat there. In fact, that is one of the biggest reasons we avoid the place. I don't know if their air conditioner has been broken for four years, or if the management is just too dang cheap to keep their customers comfortable.
4	In my search for the best green chili burro in Phoenix, I always end up coming back here. Their burro is in my top 3 for sure. To be honest I haven't eaten much else here. It's a comfortable place, with a nice shaded patio and cheap beer. I like their chips and salsa, not the usual fair. It's a good place to drop in and grab a quick bite. Margaritas are not impressive, but technically you have to order those from Mateo's next door.
4	Pretty good place! Coming from Cali, I have a penchant for Mexican food! I loved the taco combo, it was delicious! Huge portions too, wasn't hungry for hours! The location is good, right by downtown, and the place itself is adorable. The service was good, overall I'd go back for sure!
4	I think Sylvia's has the best Mexican food in town. If you love chimichangas you have to try the pollo rico it rivals the baja chimi at Macayo's. The chips and salsa here is great. I like how they offer you both corn and flour tortilla chips. Sylvia's is now a full service restaurant and the service sucks but I always come back for more because the food is so good. Just don't order the fish tacos!
1	Sylvia's La Canasta Mexican Restaurant believes drenching everything in grease makes it better. You may as well just buy a block of lard and fry it up with a tortilla. Low quality, disgusting food with low quality, rude service.
5	Just wanted to let everyone know that Sylvia's is now a wait-to-be-seated, order-at-your-table restaurant.  They are still working out some kinks -- as in, training waiters to be actual waiters. But, the food is still great!
3	Food is fine, service sucks.
3	It Seems Like Something has ChangedFood .8 of 2Cleanliness .8 of 1Service .8 of 1Decor 1 of 1La Canasta is a place we stop occasionally when one of us comes home by plane. I understand this particular La Canasta seasoned with lots of hard work and dedication, launched a food empire. Parts of that empire have gotten good reviews in the past. I remember the food here as being good.A link to my complete Yahoo! Local review and photos is below:http://local.yahoo.com/info-19966132-sylvia-s-la-canasta-mexican-restaurant-phoenix?tab=reviews#reviews
2	Oiliest corn chips I've had in years, and the two salsas had no spice level to speak of, including the "hot sauce".  Huevos Rancheros was a rather small portion for the price, and the hasbrowns were simple shredded variety.  Tortillas were nice, and wife's burrito was much better.  They are full service now, and the service was just ok.  Place looks sketchy and somewhat run down during the day.  I probably would not have stopped if I hadn't heard a few good things about this restaurant.
4	This place makes excellent shredded beef (machca) tacos. The meat is tender and so flavorful. I've been here quite a few times and was never disappointed.
5	Love the food, love the prices...I have been a fan since the early 80s when it was a favorite lunch spot for staff from Phx Memorial. Great Margaritas! I usually get the machaca chimi which is always very tasty. We also get their green corn tamales at Christmas...what a treat!
4	Since I started at my new office in November, I have been exploring all the new restaurants in my area.  When I realized that Sylvia's was close by, I decided to try it out one day.  I had not been to Sylvia's in about 8 years, and that experience was take-out that had to survive all the way back to Tempe (but it did!).  So I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  The first thing I noticed was that it is no longer an order at the counter restaurant, it is full-service.  I was a bit bummed about that, because at lunch, I would much rather grab food and go, but I guess I would just have to deal.I got the green chile beef burro lunch special, beans only...and OMG it was AMAZING!  The beef was tender, the sauce was thick and the flavor was just right.  The burrito was huge, so I had leftovers that made up my dinner!  They also have excellent chips and salsa, with both corn and flour tortilla chips....the flour ones are so good!  The salsa is thick and chunky, and the hot sauce has just enough bite.I have been to Sylvia's a handful of times over the last couple of month's, and my only gripe is that when you order take-out, you don't get chips and salsa...how rude!
3	I live nearby but have only eaten here a few times.  They recently made the transition to a full-service restaurant, but I must say, I preferred the convenience of ordering at the counter.  I also miss the chips and salsa bar!  The food is decent, but nothing to write home about.  The carne asada tacos, and green chile burros are pretty good, but stay away from the flautas and chimichangas which are pretty flavorless.
3	Went to this Restaurant Sunday for lunch.  From the outside the place looks clean and a nice place to stop and eat.  We walked in and I walked around to see if there were any servers or if we just ordered and picked up our own food.  I found someone that worked there and they said just to sit anywhere.  I noticed the place was pretty empty on a Sunday, only about 3 other tables were full.  We sat for a couple of minutes when our waitress walks up and hands us some menu's and takes our drink order.  A couple minutes later our drinks arrive and a basket of chips and two types of salsa are served.  Right away I notice the chips are fresh, seemed like they were made that day.  They were nice and hot and just seemed really fresh, very salty but I like mine that way so I was good.  Looking around the surroundings looked very colorful, lots of different colored walls to look at.  They have booths or tables to sit at, and the place looked clean from where I was sitting.  I ordered chicken flautas al cart and a soda.  My husband got a beef chimichanga and their flavored Ice Tea.  Our food was served pretty fast and was hot.  I got a couple of flautas served on a heaping bed of lettuce with a side of guacamole.  My flautas were pretty good.  The chicken tasted fresh but the flavor needed a little boost of something, can't put my finger on it.  But it was pretty good.  I tasted my husbands and it was good.  The prices at this place were reasonable, $7-$12 a plate.  The place was a quiet sit down place on a Sunday afternoon.
5	I was introduced to La Canasta 7 years ago and I've been a regular since!  Almost a native of AZ I've had some great and then some horrible Mexican food, it's pretty sad when you think Macayos is the best you are going to get.  But some central Phoenix friends dragged me there one Sunday afternoon and I've been a fan since.  Their portions are amazing for theprice! I always order the #1 lunch, which is a big taco, tostada and a tamale for $5.50!  This includes all the chips and salsa you can eat.  Their hot sauce style salsa in the squeeze bottle is seriously to die for. I would just squirt it down my throat if I wasn't worried about people staring.  I relocated to Washington 2.5 years ago and deeply regret that I can only get La Canasta when I come to AZ to visit!  We were there for a month in April and went to La Canasta 6 or 7 times and brought 2 pints of hot sauce home!  My favorite breakfast is the Nana's Special and my favorite dinner is the taco, tostada and tamale.  Give it a try... but beware they close early.  They run a brisk take out business, but then you miss out on all that free chips and salsa!
4	For $5.99 for daily lunch specials, Sylvia you are the bomb. Kudos for the shredded beef and non-greasy taco. I split your meal into lunch and dinner - and I'm still full!You are minus a star because you gave me heartburn - your salsa and flour chips are TOO freakin' DELISH for your own good.
3	The food is great. I love me some homemade rice&beans....Red burrito w/machaca meat please. Chips and salsa are also yummy. Customer service is hit or miss. Everyone is really nice until you need extra napkins or more chips.  They do it with a smile, but then you hear them yelling in the back at each other. And whats the deal with the chips...self serve?..they serve?..free or is there a charge. Self seating, you seat us?  Always changing. No bueno Sylvia. The food has remained delicious..so Sylvia's gets 5 stars for the food, but 2 for customer service, 1 for inconsistency. Average 3 stars.
2	I'm done eating at Sylvia's!
5	This place is awesome! I went here before with my boss and I had their Machaca tacos...and this is when I fell in love with Machaca. I went here again for breakfast this time with my boss. I had the Machaca con Huevos and oh my...it was amazingly delicious! The really cool thing about going here for breakfast was that they still serve chips and salsa right way. It was great! They have traditional chips, but they're chips are like wontons. It's really good!Service has been great every single time I've been here. It's a definitely must-try place. Enjoy!
4	Best Machacha anywhere!  Their chips are also great.  They package them and sell them around the state as My Nana's which are also the best you can find at any grocery store.  It is a shame that they have switched to full service from the great order at the counter and find a seat service they used to do.  I would stick with the Machacha burrito, but the Chile Rellenos are pretty tasty as well!
4	One of the better places for Mexican food; Good tasting salsa, and I absolutely love their red chili burrito; The red chili has a lot of great flavors.  I have also tried the Menudo; Best you can buy at a restaurant; Almost as flavorful as homemade.
2	Decent salsa. Better for breakfast because afternoon they start just dumping grease into every recipe. Don't waste money on the fish tacos or soggy tostadas.  Much better Mexican food around but ok in a pinch.
2	The food is average, with the exception of the chips. The chips are fantastic. They are a combination of traditional tortilla chips and thick, deep-fried tortilla slices. Very good. The service was bad. Most, if not all, of the servers just don't care and show it.
3	3.5 stars actually.I've been here before a few years ago and said to myself that I'd like to return and I finally made it back last week.Sylvia's really does a good job with their chips and salsa-and after all, that's what sort of sets the pace for the meal.  You know the My Nana's tortilla chips you buy at the grocery store?  Same people!I had the beef tacos lunch plate and they were good, nothing mind blowing, but good.  The rice and beans were not a complete afterthought like some places.  I'm certain there are better Mexican restaurants but if I'm in the area I would go to Sylvia's again no problem.
1	No stars for service, and 2 stars for food which averages to 1 star. I have been going to Sylvia's since it was a cart on the street corner and ever since they converted to full service about a year or so ago, I have been thinking I was going to have to find a new Mexican food favorite. The flour chips are amazing, and the salsa is to die for, but on Sunday night those two things did not out way how bad things were. It was 6pm, which we thought would be prime dinner service time. There were three other tables, that had people sitting at them. They were out of Modelo??? I thought that was a Mexican food dark beer staple?!?!?!? Then someone else in our party was drinking Coors Light and after one they ran out of Coors Light! Really!!!! We all were out of drinks for most of our meal, and when drinks were refilled the sodas were not correct. Two peoples dinners fell on the floor before they were served, and a green corn tamale had meat in it?!?!?! Again I have been going to this restaurant for a long time, and I know what to expect in the things I order and this was not it. Once we got all or our food, we were still missing a side of sour cream. When I ask the server for our sour cream, it took 10 minutes to get the sour cream, and by that point our meal was more than 50% over. It then took another 20 minutes to get our bill which I had to go up and ask for. While I was standing out the counter one of the women in the back said, "can someone else get that I am sick of getting it". REALLY, we had a party of 7 and the worst service EVER! The bill was not even correct. When I said something about the service the waitress said she was the only one working and she was sorry, but that was not true there were at least three other people bring food out and helping around the service area and not once did they offer drink refills, chips, or salsa. Sylvia's really needs to get back to having the restaurant where you order, sit down, an open salsa bar, and your food is brought to you. That was when the restaurant was good. With the full service as it has been for a little over a year now, the service has gotten worse and worse, to the point that I might not go back.
2	Wife and I went there today for lunch.  While I agree with almost all high rated yelp restaurants, I'm afraid I cant o this one.Ambiance was ok.  Service was Ok.  Food was reasonable enough but we both felt our food just wasn't good enough to bring us back.  Wife had chicken burrito.  Said there was a lot of chicken but absolutely no taste.I had two enchilladas, beef since neither cheese nor pork was an option.  They came with the Mexican standard or beans, rice and a dollop of salad.  Beans were ok.  Rice was pretty good and the salad dollop was a salad dollop.Meat in both enchilladas was either bland also or overwhelmed by the green sauce.  The meat could have been replaced by almost anything and you'd never know it without looking.With so manygood retaurants in the area, it's hard to justify going back to Sylvia's.  There wasn't anything good enough to bring you back and indeed, we won't be back.
3	Place is pretty good.  Food is consistently good.  I would give a 4 star but they lose one because on our last visit they said they will no longer split checks.  Makes it tough when you out to lunch with co-workers in a Credit/Debit card world.  I'll visit once in a while when I have cash but gotta remove them from our regular rotation.  4 star for food and service.  -1 for not splitting checks anymore.
4	My sister dragged me here tonight and our dining experience did not start off well. We were seated and ignored for about 15 minutes. Other tables were being served so we were wondering what the French was going on! Our waiter took our order he said he would comp our drinks and apologized. I appreciated the gesture and I was over being upset about waiting. I ordered the red chile with rice and beans and sour cream on the side. When I got my meal they forgot the tortillas and my sour cream. The waiter apologized again and said he wouldn't charge me extra for the sour cream. When I took the first bite of my meal I forgot about the bad service and remembered that I come to Sylvia's for the best Mexican food in town and not for the service. The food is worth the crappy service.
1	I wish there was less than 1 star because now that they don't have flour chips there is no point..... It is just another Mexican restaurant :-( Super bummer.
1	Got take-out from here last night and it was HORRIBLE! Something must have happened because they only had 3 people working and were VERY disorganized. Should have checked the food before we left! Ordered fajitas and there was very little meat... it was beyond ridiculous. Hardly any peppers but a plethora of what looked like stewed tomatoes. Look... I'm a gringa and I know that don't look right and I could do a way better job. The rice was missing completely and there was only one giant pizza pie looking tortilla. We called and the person who answered could barely speak English (which is really not a big deal in my book) but there was no manager around to resolve the situation. We asked for an email so we could send a note about the experience but she was unhelpful. All she offered was for us to come back right then...which if you were as hungry as my fiance was not an option. He gets grumpy and I know better than mess with a grumpy-hungry-pants.
1	Wednesday night.  8:30 pm, no clear entrance to the restaurant..  Found a way in, asked an employee if they were still open, didn't see anybody.  She said "yes, til 10".  Offered no assistance.  I waited for the host to arrive.  Flippant attitude, disgust ensued.  10-15 minutes later a waiter arrived who couldn't have cared less that I was human.  I ordered a drink and an entree.  I got both at the same time.  I would have expected this service at Taco Bell, and quite honestly, I wish I had gone to Taco Bell, as what I ordered wasn't as good as what I could get at the fast food restaurant.  My suggestion:   Stay as far away at this less than worthy restaurant.  Blech on all accounts.  No, double blech.....
2	Not good...tables were not clean, waiter was scattered and they charged me $6.00 for a margarita that was worth $2.00.  I have driven past it numerous times and the outside makes you want to go in - but looks are not always as they seem.  Save your time and money - There are to many Mexican restaurants in Phoenix that are better.  We wont be back.On a good note - the food was pretty good.  But, there is something wrong with the energy of this place.
4	Great food, poor service, but you don't got o Sylvia's for atmosphere or service it is about the food. Always good food and glad it is walking distance from my home!
4	Came here for breakfast yesterday, it had been years since I have stopped in here and do not remember the entire place having waiter service.  Place was empty at 9am on a Tuesday morning but the atmosphere was casual, this place is pretty much been here for as long as I can remember and I am one of the 2 people that are native to Phoenix.  I always felt it was pricey but I think inflation has caught up since prices seemed normal when I went yesterday.  I loved the chips and salsa, the hot sauce is fantastic with a great spicy kick.  I went with the recommendation of the chile relleno which isn't my favorite but I like going with what waiters say so I gave it a try.  It was great!  Very flavorful and they just put it on the eggs so you can eat it together, the tortillas are fresh and home-made tasting, the hash browns and beans were good too.  I read my newspaper and drank my soda while I enjoyed the whole place to myself....oh yeah, I read some Yelp reviews and bookmarked my next stop too, ha ha.
3	What made this place unique over other Mexican Restaurants was that they had a Chips & Salsa Bar with 2 kinds of Chips & like 3 kinds of Salsa, well, we returned tonite to discover that they no longer have the Chips & Salsa Bar anymore! We were very disappointed! They now give you a basket of Chips & the Salsa's at your table. There were 4 of us tonight, so the failrly-small basket of Chips went rather fast, so we asked for a refill which was full of broken chips pieces...Come on, people!  I ordered Fajitas and what came out of the kitchen? ...Flauntas! They apologized, so I ate the broken chip pieces while I waited for my Fajitas. The Fajitas was actually pretty good! ...There was a lot of chicken, green peppers, onions. Comes with sour cream, guacamole, tortillas, & salsa...A bit too salty, but very tasty. We also ordered their House Margaritas which were $6... They were on the small side & a lot of ice...We just missed their Happy Hour which is from 4-7 pm, which they are 1/2 off at $3 instead of $6, so, try to go btwn 4-7 pm.  Makes me kinda sad to say that we proabably won't be rtrng to Silvia's becuz the 'draw' was the Chips & Salsa Bar. Why do things always have to change (for the worse?)  :(
3	We really used to love the place for the chips and sals bar as well.  Food is good, not excellent. They changed their concept, by ordering in advance and getting it delivered at you table to being waited at the table and having a small basket of chips and salsa served.It's okay, but not my favorite.
1	Meh, food was okay, service was VERY slow and my friend found a piece of bone in her food. Wanted to like it but Thumbs down unfortunately.
2	Several years ago Sylvia's was a decent, not great, place to quench my desire for Mexican food? Since then the quality has gone way down. The sauces taste canned, the food is greasy but somehow still dry and the seasoning is limited to pepper. The service leaves a lot to be desired. I gave Sylvia's another try recently and was really disappointed.
1	Don't get me wrong, I love the ORIGINAL LA CANASTA off 7th avenue and Grant and this is the sister restaurant but the service sucks! I had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter.  Once he came, he seemed like he was on one angering my table along with two other tables (who walked out).  We pretty much got full of chips and salsa.  He forgot our order, had to come back twice and then took 10 minutes to take our debit card.  I love the food but the constant turning around of how this restaurant conducts business. I would like some consistency.  The consistency of the food between the original restaurant and sister restaurant is what is on point. I will drive out of my way to go to the original restaurant. If you're going for the food, go to Sylvia's, if you're going for the service, drive to South Phoenix.
2	What was once a great place for a tasteful meal has deteriated to yet another sub par strip mall tenante with lackluster food and inept service.
3	I had no idea this place existed! And it looks like it's been around forever! Fast service, cold beer, chips and salsa. On the menu it said that they open at 7am on the weekends for bloody marys and menudo. I know alot of people don't like menudo but it's a great place to start day drinking! ;) So this was my first time. I ordered the green chili burrito with green sauce over "enchilada style". It was large portions and the beans and rice were excellent. Unfortunately the green chili was really bland. No flavor or spice.. Like nothing at all... A few chunks of meat but it all was practically tasteless. ;( I added a little salt and pepper but still didn't do anything.. I was contemplating not even finishing it. I make green chili at home and add seasonings and spices like cumin, garlic, chili, onion, etc... This tasted like it was from a can and had no flavor. I was really disappointed. I finished the rice and beans and enjoyed my cold beer and good service but left bummed. I took a menu and plan on going back to try the menudo and possibly something else on the menu. With a cute little Mexican place like that, they deserve another try! I'll keep you updated!
2	It's still hot. They now have table service, and it is terrible. It seems like morale is really low at this place. The hosts and waitstaff look like they all can't wait to leave, and that shines thru while they're "helping" you.If you are looking for great Mexican food, take a trip 8 miles south and go to the Original La Canasta.
1	Was seated presented with a filthy menu. Waited 5 min for drink order and returned with cold chips in a unlined plastic container. A pepsi for my date and water for me. Manny turned his back and stated I will be back for your order. We were ready but he did not return after 20 min in an unbusy restaurant I got up left and he chased us down in the parking lot I need you to pay for your pepsi. He had no interest in us until that moment. He then said I have your plate and will be calling the police. The place was not very full or busy for a Friday evening every customer means something. The place was unkept and not maintain. Glad I did not eat here after all. Customer service worse. The national chain won out over another sad local restaurant experience in Phoenix.
4	Sylvia's is a delicious family-style Mexican restaurant. My friends and I love to go here and hang out while enjoying their huge portions. I'm a big fan of the refried bean chimichanga. Their flour tortilla chips are REALLY good (and unlimited)! They not-so-recently became a full-wait staff restaurant, too. It's nice to be able to sit down and enjoy yourself without having to jump up for a chip and drink refill every 10 minutes. The restaurant itself is clean and has a nice, authentic flair to it. It has a large outside seating area for when the weather is nice. All around a great place to enjoy some laidback Mexican food with family and friends.
3	If you come here expecting good service, in the exact same fashion I'd laugh at a crappy comedian. The service is awful, they forget minor things all the time and give seemingly smart ass answers when you have questions.Me: "What's Fritanga?"Her: "It's an omelette."Me: "I know it's a %$#@in' omelette as it SAYS fritanga OMELETTE. But what is fritanga!?"Or:Me: "Can I get lime instead of lemon?"Her: "It comes with it."Me: "It says lemon comes with it. I am asking for lime."I THINK it might have to do more with comprehension than anything else. I hope they don't spit in my food.However, the food is great. I am giving it 3 stars due to horrible service. At least it's not really slow. Their beans are consistently delicious, and their red chile is the best in town. I also really enjoy their chile relleno, but their salsas could use some work.Go to the one on 7th Ave and Grant. It's much better for some reason.
3	i've had good and bad experiences here.  food is usually good, but the service is pretty inconsistent.  never really got a "friendly" vibe from a server working there, and forget about getting refills on drinks, etc., cuz it ain't gonna happen lolbut, like i said, food is pretty good, and even though i usually get pissed off with the lack of customer service, i go back every few months ... price is reasonable, too.
2	I've been gone from Sylvia's for awhile, and  I was not impressed on my return visit. I'd never had a bad experience before, but this visit left much to be desired. First, our server was, well, bad. I've been a server, so I know it is a tough job. But she was virtually non-existent (and didn't have a lot of tables to begin with), and when she did come, she messed up drink orders, and messed up my taco order. I used to love their taco shells, but these seemed to be store bought. I wanted beef but got chicken, and I hope the beef tasted better, the chicken was rather bland. My friend didn't think her burrito was very flavorful, either. The bathroom had no usable paper towel dispenser. Just overall nothing like the Sylvia's I remember.
1	I just returned from Sylvia's La Canasta and will NOT be returning.  I have been going to Sylvia's for at least a decade now and have seen the decline of the resturant mostly due to the lack of good servers.  The food is good but I can always get the same thing down the street at Las Compadres with better service.  When I have ordered on the phone been told that it would be 10 minutes and get there about 20 mintues later the food is not ready and they have to put in another order.  I always ask what's the point of calling in if I have to order when I get here again, always no answer.  Today I walked in didn't bother calling, because well what's the point.  Ordered a #10 got home to start working again and started opening my food, they forgot the rice and beans.  That might not seem like a deal breaker but with all the other crap I have chosen not to go back.
5	Whenever I think Mexican food, I think Sylvia's. No other ideas come into my head. I LOVE coming here when I'm in the mood for some authentic Mexican. Everytime I've gone, I've received great service - timely delivery and drink refills. The servers I have had have been very understanding and friendly when I have trouble pronouncing stuff on the menu - I've been to places where I've gotten made fun of by the waiters for pronouncing something wrong!! The food, of course, is DELICIOUS. Perfect proportions, perfect taste. Love Sylvia's.
5	Have dined in here a few times and have no complaints. They bring out a basket of chips and one bowl of chunky salsa and one bowl of the hot sauce salsa - both are delicious and they refill them too. I usually order an enchilada as my meal and it's yummy.
4	Let me preface my review by saying I have been eating here for the last 20 years. I remember coming to Sylvia's when it was just  a little counter operation inside an old gas station building with a tiny chip and salsa bar and like 7 tables. Since then they have expanded to this large restaurant style building which is fine I wish they would bring back the chip and salsa bar. (I always got the flour chips instead of the corn chips and now they make you pay for them, lame) But since they transitioned from ordering at the counter and sitting where you like. They now seat you and get your drinks, chips and food served to you from servers. The service is horrid. I probably come here a least a few times a month and the service has never been good. And the few times I have ordered food to go, no one ever seems like they know what they are doing and I find myself having to double check everything before I leave. However, the reason I keep coming back is that the food is excellent, it is one of my favorite mexican restaurants anywhere, not just in phoenix. I crave it all the time. I would recommend it to anyone, just don't expect much in the way of customer service. A little further ranting: I do not know what the owners are thinking, every time I go in there something is different or changed or painted or moved around. I was in there today and they built a children play area right in the main dining room so I had screaming children in the same room everyone else in trying to have conversation at their tables. Not a good idea, sorry. But in the end, I will keep coming back for the food, always.
1	went there last sunday with some friends and family the service was terrible  and the food  was not good  bland and served cold  some of the worst mexican ive had  will not  return to this resturaunt
3	Great food (best green chili in town).  Slow service which was a drag and they could stand to clean the dining area better, but, you can't beat the food....
2	Poor service delivered by a staff who act as if they are hating the work. Food is average but so is the price. Given the wide range of choices in the Mexican category in  Phoenix there is no reason to visit this one at all.
4	I'll admit... when a friend picked this as a place for dinner, I was dubious given the 3 star-ness awarded by Yelp.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  We arrived early and opted to sit at the bar for a bit.  Margaritas were quite good!  Certainly not the best I've ever had but definitely acceptable.  I suspect they may add a wee bit of crack to their tortilla chips because they were ridiculously addictive.  The hot sauce was quite good as well.  I ordered a rice and beans burro, enchilada style.  While it could have used a bit more sauce, all components were good and melded quite well together.  Service was a little slow but as we sat in the bar, I find that to be an acceptable compromise.  It's cute inside and has a great patio.  It's extremely affordable as well - margs were $3 during happy hour.  I'm not in this neighborhood very often, but I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again.
1	My husband and I have been going to Sylvia's for some time now.  We went there on Friday, 4/19/13 and had the worst service we have ever experienced.  We sat at a table on the patio for 20 minutes without anyone ever acknowledging us or taking an order.  We finally went in and ordered two beers since no one seemed interested in us.  The menu stated they had Budweiser and BudLight on draft for $3.00.  However when the beers were ordered, we were told the menu was wrong and they only had BudLight in bottles for $4.00 each.  Not cool.  The patio, while outside, is pretty enclosed.  A nearby patron was smoking an incredibly strong brand of cigarettes and the smoke and stench was just about killing us.  There should be ceiling fans going at all times to keep the air moving.  The whole experience was ridiculous.  We won't be back.  Sorry Sylvia's, but you failed miserably.
2	Sylvia, what happened?We normally do take out from the Indian school location, but we wanted a sit down dinner so here we are. First, $6 for a kids meal and the burrito was smaller than a dollar bill, no fries or rice on the side??I ended up giving my son half my plate because he was still visibly hungry. Second, store bought taco shells? Really? I thought better of you than that. Indian school has homemade shells (or used to). These came straight out of the Ortega box. Terrible. And finally, service. Our server tried really hard, I'll give her that but when I ask for new silverware don't point out that you already gave me some. Clearly you missed the part where I'm sitting with four kids who likely dropped their fork on the floor. And yeah, uhh when a family asks for extra napkins please bring more than two. The red Chile was still good, so that is why it's a two star review instead of one. So completely blown away by the store bought taco shells.
5	Went into Sylvia's with my father for the first time for lunch the other day.  They served us quickly and were very friendly.  They had delicious fresh chips and salsa right away.  I had the enchilada plate with the beans and rice on the side and it was very good!  Thanks!
4	Is the service here good? Nope. It's really not. But it does seem to be getting a little better. And really, with the exceptions of spitting in my face or insulting my mama, nothing they could do could get me to stop going. And believe me, I have horrible service stories... One including Sylvia herself. The thing is, the food is wonderful! I would go for the flour tortilla chips and the chunky salsa alone. Those two together = masterpiece. We typically go and split an entree, and leave having spent only $10 or less. Boom! Deliciousness on a dime, people!
1	Do you ever think that you're on Punk'D? Or on that ABC show "What Would You Do with John Quinones"? I was hoping to G-O-D me and my in-laws were on that show. That would have explained why our experience at Sylvia's was so horrific.I was silently praying that a pseudo celebrity or the "Great John Q." himself would come out of the kitchen with several cameras and a boom mic to get our surprised reaction to the awful food and the restaurant's terrible manager. Well, that didn't happen. So, let me tell you what did.My wife, her family and I went to Sylvia's for dinner on Wednesday night. It was about 8:30 when we rolled into the parking lot. The restaurant closes at 10PM. "We're good," we thought. We hate being those people who come in half an hour before close.We walk in to the restaurant and approach the hostess who also became our waitress for the evening. "Five, please," we tell her. She looks at us like she doesn't know what to do. The restaurant looks empty. We think there shouldn't be a problem for seating. But she says to us, "we don't have any tables for your party, I'll be right back."She runs into the kitchen and returns a few minutes later. She says she can seat us in the bar area.Hmmm. We took that as "Oh, we've already cleaned the restaurant area. We'll put you in the bar so we don't have to clean that part again." We follow her lead and she honestly seats us in the dark. The bar is so dark. It's so cold and the music is so loud. At this point, my brother-in-law says, "I don't want to eat here anymore, can we go?"We try to make the best of the cold, dark, LOUD bar, but after a few minutes we can't take it anymore. I took it upon myself to ask the waitress if we could be re-seated in the dining area. She looked very shocked at the request. I told her the bar area was just way too cold. She smiles and says to me, "That's fine. Just pick a table". Her telling us that there weren't any tables for us in the dining room initially was way wrong, because we found one just fine.We re-seat ourselves and she comes back and gets our drink orders and brings some chips. Honestly, she was nice. She had good customer service skills and was very polite. I thought this would be the turn of our evening for a good night.No.She brings out the flour chips and they were A-W-F-U-L. My mother-in-law, who is really easy going by the way, said it tasted like it was fried in "rancid oil". After tasting it, I was inclined to agree. We thought, "Well, it is the end of the day. Maybe these are just the chips that weren't eaten during the day." We get over it. A few minutes later, our waitress comes back and takes our order.It's about 8:45 at this point. The family orders Mexican food and I ordered their green chili burger. Pretty simple stuff right?WRONG.Half an hour later.My wife gets her food brought out to her. My mother and father-in-law get theirs. Then, my brother-in-law. "Oh, I'm sorry! Your burger will be out in TWO minutes," said the waitress."Gee, that sucks," I think to myself. "It's only two minutes." "That's fine," I said to the waitress.I look over at my wife's food and she says I could have some. I take a bite of the rice and I almost threw up in my mouth.The rice tasted like it was cooked in bleach.I grabbed my napkin and spit it out. My wife and mother-in-law look at me as if I'm crazy. "That's disgusting," I said to them.They both tasted it. They looked like they were going to puke too. My mom-in-law suggested that we tell the waitress the rice was horrible, but my wife said "Let's wait until he gets his burger." I'm sitting at the table. I'm watching my family eat their food. I look at the clock on the wall above the kitchen.2 minutes goes by.Then 10.Then 20.During that entire time, the waitress was a no-show. She didn't come to say "You're food is coming right up. I'm sorry about this." Nothing. Instead, I got to see everyone eat. They all said their food was "alright", but have had it better here before. At 25 minutes after the woman said 2 minutes, I see her coming to the table with my burger.She apologized. At this point, it's not even worth eating. I tell her that everyone in my party has already eaten their food. This was out almost half-an-hour later than she said it would be. I told her I don't think we should pay for this. She said, you're right. Would you like me to get a box for you?Still hungry. I said yes.Then comes the manager. He walks to us like he wants to pick a fight. He stops in front of our table and I'm waiting for him to say he's sorry about the service and that it's not reflective of what they normally are like. No. He's pissed. He's mad that I'm taking the burger and not paying for it. I call him out and say they have terrible service. My mom-in-law chimes in and said everything was horrible. He ignores us, walks away and the burger was comped.I WILL NEVER BE BACK.
1	Shame on you, La Canasta.  Your 38th & Indian School location let me down this morning after years of faithfulness.  I have loved your machaca and egg burritos for many years and this morning, the machaca was dry (leftover from yesterday?), the tortilla was old, not a green onion to be found, and the cheese was non-existent.  Maybe Sylvia's on 7th Avenue will re-consider opening early on weekdays.
1	this place sucks!! they take forever. i got there and was waiting to be seated when someody finally came and asked how big was the party i said 2 and if u have a booth available (which they did) she said okay let me finish cleaning this one for you. i was on my lunch break and i let her know i went to the restroom when i came back somebody was sitting at my table and i had to wait for a couple more mins. after 15 mins the server finally came to take our drinks and we let him know that we were ready to order he said give me just a second. he took everyone elses order and filled up everybody else's drinks until i called him over and said excuse me ive been sitting here im on my lunch break you just keep walking past me. yet he still made me wait another 5 mins he finally came i had 10 mins of my lunch i told him just put it in a to go box please. another 10 mins and i was late back to work.oh and can't forget how i only got 2 things out of everything i ordered yet i got charged for everything!! way to go Sylvia's!
1	Yuck.
2	This review is not about the food. It is strictly about their service. It is horrible! As I just got done sitting at our table for 25 min with no drinks, no "I'll be right with you " nothing... We got up and began to leave a pretty much empty restaurant our "waitress" met us and asked if she could take our order. I let her know it was a bit too late for her token service. So I took my family to another restaurant I KNOW has good service.
1	I have gone to Sylvia's for many years and it is apparent there is new management who have taken over the business.  When I came in, I was seated at a table over by the television set, which was fine.  I was facing the window, so to my right was a group of men already eating their lunch and to my left, was an empty table.  I was given a menu when I sat down,but  no chips, drink order or anything.  A few minutes after I was seated, the same lady seated a man and a woman and immediately gave them their chips.  The next thing I see, they had their drinks and then that same lady (in glasses) was taking their order.  I still had not even received any chips.  I was somewhat ticked off at this point and picked up my purse and left.  I did not say anything, because I am NOT the waitress, I was the customer.  Oh well, they not only lost one customer, but three others because my family would go there too.
1	My bf and I just ate here. We are staying down the road and wanted a good authentic Mexican meal. Phoenix is full of Mexican restaurants and its hard to choose but let me tell you this is one to avoid. It was gross. I had 2 tacos one enchilada. The carne esada taco was ok but everything else was salty and soggy.  We were the only people in the place but it was an odd hour at 3p . I will not be back.
4	Yes...the service sucks. Yes...the ambiance leaves you wanting "more"....but who cares! The food is amazeballs! Best chips and salsa in town and I have never had a bad thing off the menu. This is legit Mexican food and if you are a foodie, you will not be able to shut up about how good your food is while you are eating it. I hope the bad service and horrible decor don't kill this restaurant because the thought of never having those flour chips again makes me wanna cry.
4	They had a cute patio, too bad it's too cold to be sitting outside.When my boyfriend and I walked in, we got confused. No one came to us, greeted us or anything. We had to walk into another room, then they sat us down.Omgggg chip and salsa is sooo yummmmyyy. We had to ask dor seconds. Lolz I had the vegetarian chimichanga dinner, it was very crispy and delicious, the texture was just right. The bean though, was amazing. Something about the beans was really good. :)))Steak fritanga ;; he said " i loveed, it was so muchhh food.I am full."I shall return
4	For years now, I've been enjoying the food here with my swim teammates and various groups of friends. The restaurant is cozy, service is friendly, and the food is well-seasoned, generous, and rather inexpensive. Lately I've been coming here for their menudo, a dish I didn't care for when I tried them in other places; but this restaurant serves a great menudo on the weekends - so good especially during cold weather. I write this in a state of gastronomic bliss after having one of those steaming bowls of goodness, which came with perfect complements of lemon wedges, chopped scallions and cilantro, and of course their warm, freshly prepared tortilla chips.
4	The food was pretty good and the service too. I don't know what people are expecting from waiters... Lol
1	What happened? I haven't been here in a while having moved out of the neighborhood. This place used to be so good. Today, it was not good.The service - one star. Even though it was not crowded or busy, my waitress moved at a frenzied pace that would make a cup of coffee nervous. I think maybe she had a couple lines for breakfast. The table was filthy. It looked like it hadn't had a good cleaning in years, but also was not wiped down from the previous diners. There was lettuce and used sugar packets left behind. I asked for a couple extra napkins and cleaned it myself. Food - one star. This place has always had my favorite salsa and still does. The chips however were pathetic. Most of the basket were wet with grease, cold and chewey. Not good. If you cant get chips right, then just shut the doors and go home. Not sure what's happened here but this place is no longer being managed. It's a question of trust at this point. So many things were wrong, I can't trust that the food won't hurt me.Sorry to have to say it Sylvia, but I won't be back.
2	I get the feeling it's on its way out, which is sad.Sat at the bar for dinner. The bartender appeared to have been injured and walked with a stoop. I felt sorry for him as he struggled to provide things like set-ups and drinks. We waited far too long for a simple order (Nana's chili and a burrito). The food was bland when it finally arrived. The only napkins were cocktail napkins. Even the check took too long to get there. The guy obviously needed help, but no one was helping him.Too many other better choices around. I can't think of a reason for a return visit.
1	Some of the he worst service I've ever had and only 3 other tables in the whole place.
1	use to enjoy coming here, but on one occasion was seated, and than waited 15 minutes for our drinks to come. when they did come the margarita i ordered wasnt among those drinks. a table that had been seated after us had drinks, chips, salsa, and margaritas, so i felt a little upset.reminded the server about the margarita and she was like oh im sorry ill get that right away. when i finally received it, 10 minutes later, it was the worst tasting drink ever. i couldnt drink it. it tasted like watered down margarita mix with no sweetner and no tequila. returned it. waiter, the owner herself, takes our food order. we watch as our food sits in the window (know it was ours because it was only one other tables and ourselves in the restaurant and they had their food) and server after server (they had at least 4 there, including the owner) ignores the food. after waiting 15 minutes, we get up and leave. went to ajo als. much better food and drinks (they know how to make a margarita). wasted an hour of my time for sub par chips and salsa and tap water. wont be back ever.
1	Surprise !!!   The prices in menu are not the same on the bill.   Guess which is more ?  Oh it was nicely explained by wait staff after we ate.  Food was bland or I would not have minded.  Our order was screwed up too.
5	Food was great and so was the service. Sylvia herself was working tonight and made sure everyone was greeted promptly and was taken care of. The servers-not just ours but all of them were friendly and stopped by our take multiple times to check to see if we needed anything. They had a live band playing and they were pretty good. This was the first time in many months that we had been here and the remodeling they had done is amazing. The decor is beautiful and they really improved the look of the restaurant. Over we had a wonderful experience.
2	I may not be back like previously stated.The last two times I got take out food, the chips tasted like they had been cooked in rancid oil and the salsa was waaay too salty. It pains me to say this place has really gone downhill from what it once was. I haven't been back in a long time.
3	I've been coming to Sylvia's since I was young. I'm kinda losing any hope for them. I go there a couple times a month because I love their beans and tortillas.... Their red sauce is also really good. I like the hot sauce and used to love the salsa fresca but they have changed it. They need to bring back the old Sylvia's.... Where you would order at the register then seat yourself.... They used to have a chip bar back in the day too..... Every time I go there they change something.... I was just there on Easter Sunday and the whole inside of the restaurant is completely different!!! I'm still giving it 3 stars because I do like the food... They just gotta go back to what they used to be.
1	I have been going to Sylvia's since it first opened in the 80s in the old gas station.  I lived on their chorizo for years.  Have been out of Phoenix for several years and found my way back there last night.  What a difference.  The last time I ate there, I had one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  Last night was horrible.  They have killed all the ambiance the restaurant had.  You don't order at the window now and they took out all of the walls and made a big barn of the place with too many tables crammed in.  No charm whatsoever.  No care either.  They have a beautiful chandelier over the hostess desk and all but one of the light bulbs is burned out and covered with dust.  Really nobody notices??? It would be comical if it wasn't so sad.  I can only guess our waitress is someone's daughter.  No idea how to serve a table or interact with a customer.  I ordered a Chimichanga with guacamole and sour cream on the side.  Of course it all came piled on top.  "Well that isn't how I gave it to the kitchen was the response."  She did offer to take it back but at that point it had been too long already.  It was mostly tasteless and not worth the calories.  My wife got a simple open face cheese crisp.  For $5.99 she got a tortilla the size of a Taco Bell tostada with cheese.  Do you really feel good serving that?  Sat there the entire evening with an empty water glass.  No clue at all.  The $4 Corona Light on tap was tasty as were the chips and salsa.  It might be worth it to go back and drink beer and eat chips and salsa on the patio but probably not.  I am afraid my 25 year history with Sylvia's is now over.  I will read future reviews but absent something positive, I won't be back.
2	I wanted to love this place. The atmosphere is good, the prices are good, and the food is edible, but I've had too many problems. I've been there three times and there has been a problem every time.The first time I went, they overcharged for a menu item. When asked about it, they said they updated the prices but didn't update the menu, and pointed to a small sticker on the menu stating that "prices are subject to change." They ended up fixing the price without an issue. The second time I went, they forgot to put alcohol in the margarita. They ended up replacing the drink without an issue. The third time I went, they overcharged us for drinks at the bar by about 10 bucks. I didn't bring it up. I paid and left. I won't be returning.
1	Never Again! Horrible customer service! Took my nephew and his wife here on 5/31, everything was great until the waitress dropped our whole order right by our table.... It was an accident so of course we understood... The part that irked me was the lack of customer service.... The manager  never came over, not even the waitress.... Until our food was ready again then she informed me the manager can give us 10% off. Whatever. That's fine. But no apology, no service, no refills on chips or drinks after the waitress dropped our food. This place is going downhill and I won't be back!
1	Oh Sylvia, I'm sorry. It's been a good ride but somewhere along the line things started to head south. I think it was around the time they went from an order at the front counter joint to full service restaurant type place a few years back. I wanna say it pains me (in more ways than one but I'll get to that later) to write this review because this place was like home back in the day.Last Sunday my family met there to celebrate my mom's 61st bday. It was her choice so I thought to myself "hmmmmm ok...I probably was never going back there but I guess I am at least one more time. Maybe they turned it around.....hmmm."We sat down & received the chips and salsa. The mild salsa was bland & tasted like tomato juice. The chips are tiny, bout half a normal chip. I ordered an horchata but they said they didn't have any. Sacrilege! Oh well, as long as my ma is happy, just order something & be done with it. I had the My Nana's red chile. It was ok. Rice & beans too. We ate, exchanged pleasantries...etc & bounced. About 4 hours later I was relaxing with my thoughts & my woman on the sofa, watching some mind numbing show when I felt a burning sensation in the pit of my belly.I shifted my weight, changed positions & just plain tried to ignore the feeling but after ten minutes it was inevitable so I made my way to the bathroom. Everything seemed in slo-mo as I made my way down the hallway. I think I even heard my dog mumble 'dead man walking'.I broke out into a sweat on the pot. Twas then I knew this would be no ordinary deuce session. The burning had now turned into a solar flare as I white knuckled the nearby countertop to brace myself. I shook my head to shed the beads of sweat from my forehead when I suddenly remembered my training...well not my training but my lady's - 'Puuuuuush!' I heard a voice tell me. 'Puuuuuuushhh!' So I did. I never knew a human body could make that noise. Remember me the next time you're at a coffee shop & order a cappuccino. That noise. You know you're in a bad place when you seriously think about calling out for help from your significant other, knowing from the time they enter that room things will never be the same for you two. I managed to get passed round one, battered but not beaten. Things went on for about another 30 minutes or so when I finally had emerged from the darkness. An hour later or so my ma text me saying it didn't agree with her either. I didn't ask her for more details nor did I tell her my little version of hell. To be fair, other family members said they were ok. Perhaps it was just something we had in our meals?You might be thinking that I can't handle the heat. Let me assure you this is not the case my friend. I love spicy food. I'd eat molten lava had it any nutritional value.Judging by the dried up grime on the menus, I'm just gonna chalk it up to staff issues? Management? Laziness? I don't know, I don't work there. I just know I won't be back & that sucks because while we were there our server was working very hard. Vaya con dios Sylvia's.
3	the food was very tasty and the prices not bad  but the service was bad 5 min at the door before the girl at the to go window greeted us  sat us took way to long to come get drinks and order , food came out quickly but then after it took 30 min to get the bill and 20 min before they back to deal with bill ....hour and 1/2 for lunch
1	What happened to you Sylvia's?!?! Have been going to Sylvia's for over ten years and have always been a fan. My recent experience was horrible. Service was terrible, was difficult to even get water! Several other tables were in arguments with the manager which made for a less than pleasant experience. Thought the food would still be good but nope! Food was dry and possibly microwaved. I won't ever go back, it's a shame.
1	Just went there with my family. Sylvia's used to be such a nice place. Wasn't spectacular, but it was reliably good. The service tonight was sub-par, and we got charged for every little thing. If you want the fried flour tortilla chips that used to be free as part of the salsa bar that they no longer have, that will cost you $3. Margarita pitchers are $25. They have a salad bar that is free with an order, however it is the saddest salad bar I've ever seen. The high point was when a giant insect started crawling up my leg. At first I thought it was a roach, but thankfully upon closer inspection it turned out to be a huge beetle.The place has gone downhill since it changed to a full-service restaurant. It is a shame, and unfortunately we will probably never go back.
1	Tried for happy hour.   Horrible horrible service.    Acted like we were bothering them by being there.    Waiter did not explain happy hour pricing even when ask.    It was really kinda ridiculous.    Margaritas were cheap and good for the price.   2 dollars.   Chips and salsa good.   Everything else we ordered was not.    Tasted like freezer section Mexican food that then microwaved.    Will never come back.
2	Sylvia's, I REALLY want to keep visiting you, but it pains me every time I walk by to see how much money you spend on remodeling when all it would take to stir up business is to improve service. You have a captive audience with the neighborhoods surrounding your location and there is no excuse for the dozens of horrible reviews.  Quit blowing money on remodeling the place and instead get someone in there who knows how to manage a restaurant.
2	We decided to eat here last week after driving by. We thought we were going to get some delicious authentic Mexican food....oh were we wrong ! The food is terrible. However our server was really nice which is the only reason I am not giving this place 1 star.
1	We had heard this was a great place to eat--authentic and old family recipes. Reading the recent reviews we clearly missed the good ole days of great food. It's very nice inside and has that homey feel, but the food was awful. When the best part is the chips, you know it's not good. I ordered a meal with the Ranchero sauce and was so looking forward to it, but when it arrived there was zero flavor and no spice. As far as I could tell the Ranchero was made from green-watery substance with one/two small diced green chiles and one (I think) piece of a yellow squash.The service was good and the staff was very nice, but I do hope they go back to the original good food. Never change a good thing and drive away the locals! I was sad it was not better. I'll watch reviews, as I love native Mexican food.
1	Save your money... terrible overpriced food and the worst service.  Sylvia needs to stop hiring her inept servers to work there. They have destroyed this place's reputation.   DO NOT GO HERE!!  The staff does not care about the quality of service or food they are sending out.  I know for sure that what I was served was recooked meat.  It is only a matter of time before they kill someone with their filthy poor work standards.  Also, there was dried up food stuck to my menu.  Gross!!
4	I eat here about once a month (sometimes more) and its really good food. Recently renovated, the service is fast and the food seems to be much more consistent than in years passed.  I would recommend a stop if you are in the area.
3	Came in for breakfast with the family, and it wasn't disappointing. Service was slow, but friendly. They give you free chips which is always nice. The food was reasonably priced ($5-$10 for breakfast items) and kids eat free off the kids menu. The quality of the food wasn't anything impressive, but it tasted good and filled us up- isn't that all you need?
3	It was OK for not fast food
3	This place serves some delicious tasting Mexican food. Although the hours they put up on here are not accurate. It says they open at 7am when they really open at 8am. Tried going there with a friend at 7 but the sign on their door had a totally different schedule. I recommend calling them first before you go to make sure they're open. Other than the conflicting hours, the servers are here are so nice and helpful. I definitely suggest it to Mexican food lovers out there.
5	I've been going to Silvia's for over a decade.  They have always had great food and very good consistency.  They recently remodeled and have a open flout plan that is much more inviting. Full device restaurant, great service.  The patio is more open and multiple entrances. Love this place, great breakfast and green/red chili burritos!
2	My first time here and I could not believe how dirty the place was. There were crumbs all over the seats, and dried beans on the table. I was served ice tea in a glass that had lipstick on it from sometime before. The food was good and the service was fair. Due to the cleanliness, I don't think I will be back.
3	The good: To be honest ,I've had better (this is not a knock against them, just been to a lot of Mexican restaurants), but I think it is very good. Definitely at least a 7 out of 10, even on a bad night. Chips and salsa is very good.I really like Friday night live music In Mateo's, the bar side of Sylvias.  A band that plays there often, called Picoso, is a real treat!  They are made up of veteran musicians and music teachers, and do some great classic rock cover tunes, from Beatles to Santana. they have a nice out door seating area, Spanish tile and a fountain make it very esthetically pleasing and relaxing.The Bad:It takes forever to get your order taken.  I've been there probably 20 times, and we go through this every time.  We usually sit in the Mateo bar side.  The bartender and/or waitress takes forever to get us chips, or even to take our order.  They crawl for the drinks, too.  When in the restaurant side, you get faster service, but not by much.I recommend them, but just go with the expectation of waiting a while for service and inattentive servers.
5	I have driven by this place many of times and this time I thought, why not!  Glad I stopped in.  Friendly wait staff and excellent food.  I will definitely come again!  Tip, 10% of if you pay cash!
1	Mediocre food and the service was comically bad. The refried beans tasted like they came out of a can and warmed up in a microwave. The chile relleno was bland and mealy. I kept having to ask for the server to bring my iced tea several times after she brought everyone else's drinks. I ordered a side of rice and beans (apparently the chile relleno doesn't come with it), which the server didn't bring when she brought the entree. I asked the server about it, and she brought just the beans. I had to ask again for the rice. Then she kept bringing the wrong check. One person had to ask three different times. It was absurd. I won't be back.
2	I used to frequent this particular Sylvia's La Canasta a few years ago, and today decided to meet a friend there for lunch. My, how things have changed. In addition to completely revamping the inside decor, the menu has evidently undergone a big overhaul, along with the quality of the food. My machaca taco was "meh" at best, and the rice and beans were such a small portion on my plate, I almost didn't find them. The service was acceptable, but I was taken aback that the flour tortilla chips are no longer standard fare with the salsa, and if we wanted those, it would be $4.00 dollars more! WTF?? Sorry....food was not very good and they are charging for things that were once standard fare. Won't be back.
1	We've been coming here off an on for over 15 years and it continuously gets worse and worse. They can't make up their mind if they want a salsa bar or not, they now charge for flour tortilla chips (they used to be free) and  their menus are filthy dirty. I ordered some overpriced fajitas and it was the grossest thing I've ever seen or tasted. It was chopped up cheap beef (not strips) and they cooked it up with onions and tomatoes, yes tomatoes!!!! No peppers! It was disgusting and had some nasty seasoning. It didn't even smell like fajitas. And they dont even serve them with cheese or sour cream for the price you pay... I wish they would get it together, stop remodeling and lower their prices for the quality of food we're getting. Also, clean the menus.
4	We stop here a couple of times a month. We didn't have any of the service slowness problems a few have mentioned, and the food is spicy, hot, and good.  I do miss the salsa bar and yummy flour chips, but get here during happy hour and get them for $2.
