4	Our family had dinner here last evening.  The staff was prompt, courteous and helpful.  Portions were a good size and reasonably priced.  I enjoyed a sirloin with a peppercorn sauce. Others enjoyed their chicken, rib eye steak and hamburger.  Unfortunately, the side of rice was somewhat bland.  Again, our server Faith did an exceptional job serving us.  We'll try this place again.
3	Having returned to Montana Mikes's a couple of times in the past 30 days, the staff continues to get sorted out.  Our food was good, yet there is much drama behind the bar both times we visited.
4	Our first visit to Montana Mikes was early June 2010. We were pleasantly surprised by the amount of food you get for the price. I ordered beef tips (which were excellent), my father ordered the sirloin steak which he said he was happy with, and my mom ordered the salmon, which she said was excellent. With our salads, they brought us three buns with yummy cinnamon butter; the first batch was better than the second, I think the second batch was in the oven about 2 minutes too long!We returned to Montana Mike's this past weekend to celebrate Fathers Day. Again, we had a pretty good experience. The only negative I can say was that (yes - it was busy and we expected to wait) we ended up waiting over 25 minutes, and in the end were seated at bar tables that they claim they don't like to seat people at unless they ask first - personally, they could have asked 15 minutes earlier and we still would have said no problem sitting there. Overall both of our experiences have been just fine (waiters and waitresses have been pleasant and attentive; food good and what we expected) and I would say we will return again so long as it continues.
4	Our family ate here again last night.  A ribeye dinner, a terriyaki chicken dinner, a burger and i had the Buffalo Chicken salad. Everyone enjoyed their meal.  Our server was Faith, second time around, very attentive.I wasn't crazy about the chicken in the salad, BW3 has better and i would omit the tortilla chips (i assume a substitute for coutons), yet i did enjoy the pecans and peppers in the salad.  yeah, i would order it again.
5	For casual dining, this is as good as it gets in CU. Portions are large - such that we often split meals (and we're two good-sized guys). Chicken tenders are some of the best I've had; the beef tips were are made fresh, and not sauteed all day; there's a grilled-chicken sandwich with peppers and cheese that was excellent. If you're starved, the warm rolls with cinnamon-honey butter will take the edge off.  Many meals are in the $7-12 range - sodas are $2 each. Very affordable.The $19.99 Porterhouse we split there was better than any steak we had at the Ribeye (seriously, what is with that place?) and better than we had both times we've been to the Beef House. Yes, it's busy on Friday and Saturday nights - but you can get the same great stuff any night of the week. They've also vastly improved the whole service issue they had for their first month - we've had great service each time we've gone (5 or 6 times, so far) Forget the other awful places that have been in this location; it's nothing like those. Seems to be good for groups - they have larger tables for gatherings. Seriously - if you're thinking Cheddars, Applebees, TGI Fridays - just go here.
5	We've been back several times - they have been really good about letting us split meals (we're both trying to be good about eating, and their portions are enough to split and not be hungry!)  We've had the chicken-fried steak, the ribeye, the porterhouse, the chicken tenders - the ONLY gripe we have is that they always are out of prime rib by mid-Sunday afternoon. (If you want prime rib, go Friday or Saturday!) Love the rolls with the cinnamon butter, fresh salad fixings, and the way they fix green beans is GREAT with lots of bacon and mushrooms. Definitely someplace to include on your list for home-game-weekends - but be aware that they pack out fast - call to see what the wait is.
4	The staff was spot on, the decor and wood chairs, seating were awesome. I loved their mashed potatoes and salads. I had their shrimp and it was great!
4	I was tethering between 3 and 4 stars but decided the 4 stars was more appropriate. The servers were very nice and attentive. We ordered the fried mushrooms for an appetizer and they were really good and there were a lot of them. The bread was really good with Cinnamon sugar butter. I found out that I should not have ordered an entree. I was stuffed from the appetizer and bread. I did order an entree however. I ordered the mountaintop grilled chicken. The side salad is not much to write home about. I asked the server if they made the ranch dressing and he said they do make it. I prefer homemade ranch to bottled so I ordered the ranch. The ranch was not good and I don't know why. It didn't taste like ranch dressing. It had some funky taste I could not identify. So, avoid the ranch dressing on the salad. It will ruin your salad. There isn't much to the side salad anyway. Just some lettuce and tomato. You really don't need it anyway because you get plenty to eat. The mountaintop grilled chicken was very good. However, in the future I would order it minus the cheese. There was way too much cheese. I scraped it off. The grilled chicken underneath is fantastic!! I also had the green beans and they were really good too. And you get a lot of green beans too. I would most certainly go back and try something else. Maybe their Cesar salad is better then the house salad with ranch.
3	So so, not as good as Texas Roadhouse
3	Ate here while in town for business.  This easily could have been 4 stars but for two things-- the sirloin steak was under-seasoned and the mushrooms were over-seasoned.  The quality of the meat was good and there was a nice smoky taste, but it didn't pop due to the lack of seasoning.I definitely can't complain about the value, however.  The portions were generous for the price and it was all good enough that I cleaned my plate.
1	We went on 12/ 27 -The cheese fries were great. But the rest of the food was a disappointment. The ribs were dry, the veggies over done, the smaller steak was okay, but not great - not good enough to order again.   Chicken Caesar salad was the only thing good enough to take the left overs home, but even that was only so so.It was fairly quiet, but also pretty empty when we went.  Even though it WAS empty, we were seated where we had to face one of the large TV's at the bar -- without being asked our preference (which is to sit where TV's aren't part of the scene when we're out for dinner).  It was also very dim -- lighting appropriate for a romantic dinner at a fine restaurant (or to hide shabbiness or dirt I suppose).  This is not a romantic restaurant, nor does it offer any thing like fine dining.We were sorely disappointed and will not be back.
3	I give this place 3 and a half stars. Charming and cozy ambience, friendly and attentive staff, and pretty good food.I love their potato boats. Mmmm! With some sour cream they really hit the spot on a Friday night. Not so crazy about their ranch dressing. Like another reviewer said, there's something a little off about their ranch. I think it's much too salty. And this, coming from a salt junkie!!Actually it was their salt friendliness that ruined my baby back ribs as well. I just got this feeling that the chef got a little too salt crazy last night!!Hopefully it was a one time thing with the salt! I will be back.
