5	Our family has gone to Dr. Hackenyos for years. All of us think the world of his superb care. He has accurately guided us through rare conditions, he refers when he feels we need a specialist. He explains things in understandable terms. He LISTENS and asks questions to refine his care. I can say without hesitation he is absolutely the best doctor we ever have gone to! We found him in the phone book and feel we won the lottery! I am glad he doesn't give medications to those who don't consult him when they expire. To me each of us are responsible for his own care. I too, am caring for a mother 90 and I have several medical issues. He has helped us through dealing with my 93 year old father-in-law as he was in hospice. My adult son suffers from a debilitating permanent side effect because of another doctor's careless prescribing. We are glad he is diligent and careful.
5	Love them!!  They have been with us through many a medical crisis and have always been available and willing to help.  Not too quick to throw meds at a problem and send you on your way!!  Best internists we have ever dealt with.  Have never seen anyone in this office who is not top notch!
1	Run! It is ALL about the money!! They find any reason to sneak a regular visit fee into a well visit appointment. I was charged for an "extended education" for discussing everyday life. I will never go back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	Dr J is an excellent physician, always makes sure all questions are answered, you get  real appt. No bullshit. They are very efficient and accessible, prior to Obama care.  Have not been in since that stupid law kicked in.  Really knows his stuff very easy to talk to and he communicates very well.
5	Dr HACKENYOS is the best physician we have ever seen. He has been the family PCP for 5 people in our family. I can say on behalf of all of us, we are very impressed. We have seen him for years. For those complaining about $. Three things come to mind, first I would also make someone come in for annual exams before renewing meds! That is only prudent care! Second, the time as well as the quality of care is unsurpassed! Third, internists are specialists, not GP's. You get what you pay for! My only wish was that the office and nursing staff were a little more consistent and some of them could be friendlier. I gave 5 stars anyway because the doctor is really incredible!
