4	Samac Hair & Nails is great! I decided to go there late in the afternoon (about an hour before close) on the Sunday before starting my new job because I wanted to look all shiny and purdy for my first day. I had just finished compiling everyone's favorites (restaurants, gyms, spas, salons, vets, babysitters, dentists, doctors, etc. etc. etc.) for an office database at the job I had just left, and Samac was highly recommended for its inexpensive, quality french pedis and manis. They did my french manicure at the same time as my french pedicure, which made it a fairly quick visit. I was a little pissed when they brough out the parafin and stuck my hands in it without asking me, and also when they used the sea salt without asking, but that is only because I assumed they would charge a bunch of money for these like the place I usually go to does. Nope! I was expecting to pay $80 bucks for this and it came to $40-FRENCH manicure and pedicure PLUS parafin wax and sea salt for $40???! YEP! And you know what else? The manicure lasted way longer than a french manicure has ever lasted on me before, and now more than a month later, the pedicure still looks brand new.
4	Are you looking for a salon manicure and pedicure for CHEAP????!!! this is the place for you!! I never make an appt - I just call ahead. Kim does a great pedicure for about $35-40 depending if you get the salt scrub. And somehow magically the color stays on longer than anywhere else that I have had one done....go figure!!Now remember...English is not their first language spoken (they have a Vietnamese background....even I have a hard time understanding!!)But you wanna talk nails....Im good to go!
4	First timer yesterday and I loved it! I went in on my lunch and asked if I could get a mani/pedi in an hour. They said as long as I was fine with doing both at the same time it could be done. Perfect! Both of the ladies working on me were nice and friendly... heavy accents made it difficult for chit chat but I'm not one for talking during my pampering anyway. Polish selection was good, atmosphere was pleasant and soothing, and clean! My only issue was that I didn't see any price listings... anywhere. I knew from the other reviews that it shouldn't be much but I like to know what I am getting into. I was charged $38 before tip for a mani/pedi(spa) regular polish... not french. Fair pricing but I may have done more if I knew what everything cost.
5	Tried it based on the Yelp reviews & it was FAB!! I got a mini-pedi for $15 (not including tip) & 3 weeks later the polish is still in place & looks great. The only difference between a full & mini pedi is no massage with the mini, which was fine with me & my pocketbook. Highly recommend it to everyone.
5	This place is awesome! I doubt I will go anywhere else for a pedicure! I found out about it on Yelp, and decided to give it a try...I'm glad I did.  Great prices, excellent service...they don't just rush you through as most nail salons do...they take their time and I especially appreciate the nice job on the foot massage. Definitely will be a regular here:)
