2	Sunday morning before 11am we were there and it was packed to the gills at this IHOP. OMG, the waiting area inside was full, the wait area in between the inside and outside doors were full and the entrance has about 4 people stand around. WOW! We waited about 20 mins for 5 of us. The menus were sticky and mine had a smashed paper liner of a straw in it. The table looked clean and the seats were redone. The place got HOT, there was a lot of people. I got the ham and cheese omelet. It was a little dry. The french toast was pretty good. All in all, meh....
2	Sub par pancakes and the omelettes are ehhhh. Only reason why I've been here are those drunken late nights and nothing is open. I need to stop drinking and eating here.
4	I love this one because it is after all the closest one to my house... I just wish that getting a seat was faster, so alot of times we order from home and take it home to eat... That can cause a little confusion though because the register up front never seems to have change... But overall very friendly people....
1	I would suggest not coming here! I have had nothing but terrible experience after terrible experience. First time coming in we stood at the front for 20 minutes with no greeting and no one to seat us, so we left. Second visit we decided to give it another shot, service was a little better, but an hour after eating here we ended up sick as dogs,  not able to hold anything down we called to see what they would say, first person I spoke to said they were "revamping" and made it sound like other customers like myself had been getting sick as well and they had to change staff. Second person I called was the manager who basically told me that it couldn't be them it had to be what ever I ate before we went there, weird because I didn't have anything in my stomach til we ate there and started feeling sick a hour after eating their food. After hours of throwing up and not being able to hold anything down, I get a call from the manager that they can send us a gift card, although a nice gesture, I'd rather never eat there again and avoid the risk of getting sick. I suggest not coming here.
2	Eh. Coffee was gross. Waiter got my order wrong (which he never wrote down). Service wasn't that great and food was crap. Rather go somewhere else. On the plus side...Military discount..but not much.
3	IHOP is an OK place to go for breakfast or a pancake craving. You won't find anything amazing and the pancakes are probably as good as you can make at home, but it's a place that you can count on to be open at really late hours, which is nice. I like their chocolate chip pancakes!
5	For it being a chain restaurant  it's a pretty great place. Came here with my mom for a Christmas dinner as it's just the two of us. It was slightly busy but we got excellent service and our food came out in a timely matter and it was delicious. I got the scrambled eggs with cheese. Most other places make the eggs then sprinkle the cheese on top after the eggs land on the plate. Here they cook it with the cheese so its nice and gooey, the way I like it. I also got the pumpkin pancakes which I thought were amazing. Our server, Tiffany, was great and attentive despite how busy it was. I'll be asking to sit in her section next time we go in.
5	IHOP is the perfect place for breakfast , lunch , pretty much anytime of the day; I mean who doesnt love pancakes at 2PM? I ordered the pancake combo and im picky so my order was kinda specfic and alot to take in but it came out perfect! My server, Christian, awesome guy and hell actually conversate with you unlike servers who are "strictly professional" with you. I recommend this IHOP anytime!
5	Grate place new on my watch. I would come back agian. Good place be shore to come with friends.
2	Good food, yet poor service... During my last and other recent visits the food is good, yet the service really sucks! Last night, I had watched a customer who repeatedly got up from the back of the restaurant and headed to the servers station asking for their beverage, a change in beverage( due to server error, remind you I know this because I was sitting close to the server stations.  Now my experience was not that great either.  We were seated immediately and of course asked what beverage would me and my guest like whilst In the process of sitting. This just shows me the manager was in a hurry. Our server came and greeted me and my company and politely introduced herself.  That's a plus!! Upon delivering our beverages.. The server was rushing and  kind of slammed our drink a on the table.. I thought nothing of it.. Now it took a while before our order was taken, we had no table settings, I can understand that, I did not have my meal yet.  Now, we placed our order, and we waited, we patiently waited and my company had finished her beverage.. It took her a while before she could get a refill.. :( still no settings.. Food was cooked And I see it was delivered up on the cooks window.. No server to deliver our food.. Minutes passed... Food finally delivered. Server delivered our food in haste, not giving me time to ask for settings.. Minutes later.. I got the manager's attention.. Finally.. Settings.. Refill, an hour later. I'm not exaggerating here. The quality of service desperately needs attention!
5	So we found ourselves on this part of town when running errands & I really felt like some Garden Stuffed Crepes so decided on a whim 2 visit my fave IHOP loc8ion. I've never gotten bad or even just decent service here & I always get a warm inviting vibe from the interior lighting & decor in warmer pastel hues.      Ok, so part of it may b a li'l nostalgia being I used 2 work in this shopping plaza & across the street back in my GCC days when I lived over here but I find it impressive that they're the ONLY place in this vicinity that's STILL here from even b4 back then when everything else has changed businesses several Xs or been LONG GONE. It was also unusual not 2 have 2 w8/b put on the list as whenever we've been here on wk~ends it's always pretty slammin' but I never mind the w8 as it's worth it.   Have mostly eaten inside w/ the cushy booths but have also ventured out 2 the patio area a few Xs under the misters when it's been nicer weather outside. 2day we were served by w8ress Lindsay who had just come on 4 her shift but didn't know that till she told us l8er as she was the usual on~the~ball type service we've always experienced here.    I was disappointed 2 discover they had removed the Garden Stuffed Crepes from their new menu as it was my favor8 (& a gr8 price) but I guess it did have a good run as I'd been surprised many Xs 2 c it still offered all those previous occasions. So instead I ordered the Spinach Red pepper sandwich on sourdough which came w/ seasoned fries & my companion had the Strawberry Crepes w/ a side of wheat Banana Pancakes (Gr8 w/ their Butter Pecan flavored syrup ~ just another trademark of theirs 2 luv w/ several selections 2 choose in addition 2 Strawberry, Boysenberry & their Original).    All was Delicious as we've come 2 expect from all our previous visits here, but we were both blown away by the PERFECTION of the sandwich!! We ordered this same item @ 19th/Northern & tho it was really good & nice size portion there, this loc8ion just has it down as far as the complimentary blend of quality ingredients surrounded by a perfectly seasoned Toasted Crispy Sourdough on the outside & savory softness w/o being soggy or  greasy on the inside & fries were SUPERb 2 ~ Major props 2 the cook/preparer!! So thx Lindsay 4 ur #1derful,  friendly, attentively accomod8ing & professional service 2day + all the other patrons we saw u taking such good care of! Awesome food, Amazing & quick service @ a Gr8 Price, it's no 1der this will remain our FAVE, the other loc8ions can't hope 2 compete w/ what we experience here! Just really wish they would BRING BACK the GARDEN STUFFED CREPES 4 us Veg~heads ~ that's the ONLY thing I can say that would make it even more PHENOMENAL!!...
1	My sister got Chorizo, she took one bite and automatically she made a face, it was way too salty!! Being the nice person she is. She tried to cover it up with ketchup, that was still a horrible taste. So the waiter came and took it away. Didn't even bother for a new order or ask if she wanted anything else.Strawberries banana pancake. Is what my nephew got. I told him to put the banana on a separate plate because I am allergic.( we're sharing). 15 minutes later, his pancakes came out. No bananas in sight.. We ask him four times that were missing a plate of bananas. Yet. No bananas. I was annoyed because my nephew didn't want to eat, so I got up myself and ask the people in the back to give me a bananas. And when they did, the banana was bruised!!!I ordered the vegetarian omlette, it was volcano on with massive cheese. When I eating eggs? Or cheese? cheese! I just took off the cheese and try to eat what I have on my plate.. it was bad. All bad. :/Overall, the food was horrible,  I still paid for it, andd TIPPED. This was just a horrible experience.
2	The staff were all very polite. We were seated right away and able to order quickly. However we noticed that orders sat for several minutes before being delivered. When we received our food sure enough it was cool. However the country fried steak was steamy hot. The cooks need to learn the proper food prep order so everything is hot. Won't be back to this location.
2	The only reason my hubby and I go here is because it's close by. Tonight was the last visit we will make to this location. Our server, marylin, was sweet and courteous. Seated us right away and was very diligent. Although we did not like how we received our appetizer with our meal that sat in the window for about 10 minutes. The food was okay. But the environment completely blew. Granted its IHOP but my expectations are higher than what was met. Next time it's Denny's.
4	The steak omelet with mushrooms &pancakes is what I love most at IHOP. They have the best breakfast menus!
1	So me and some  friend went to this I hop today. I have the worst service I have ever had in my life. My friend had to wait about 20 more minutes for his food to come while we had ours ready. I had to remind the waiter that there was still an order missing. He brought it right away so we could tell it had been ready all along. He just forgot it. He didn't ask my other friend what kind of sauce she would like for her chicken. He didn't bring us syrup for our pancakes until much later. It felt like he wasn't all there. The wrost thing that happened was he didn't let us pay at the front so we could all split our tabs. Because of this,  he confused our payments and i ended up paying more than i should have. He was unprofessional and seemed like it was his first day at the job. I think he shouldve comped one of the meals to make up for the mistakes. Me and my friends are not satisfied with that waiter and it has made us not want to go to that location anymore.
1	Went to eat some pancakes this morning and of course being a Sunday it was very busy. We had to sit outside because they had called our name and we didn't show so longer wait. We sit outside, order drinks and food but it took about 30 minutes to get our food. Our food finally arrives but they forget my husbands food. We thought maybe they're still making it but they forgot because we asked what was taking so long and turns out his food was just sitting there. Very frustrating. Didn't bring us syrup or ranch for my food until very late. Our waiter was very bad charged us wrong and wouldn't let us settle the ticket up at the front desk. Never going there again honestly I'll just stick to Denny's.
2	I don't expect much from IHOP but this place has the most mediocre food I've ever ordered from it's franchise. I don't know why but I usually try to sway my family from coming here. But it's so close, convenience gets override by reason. I usually prefer IHOP to Denny's but this place. Blah. Their customer service is excellent. No issue with their staff at all, except maybe the cook. There's just not a lot of flavor I suppose.
3	review would have been higher had we 1. Been given water after we were seated2. Did not have to waste half my time looking for "Tennielle..."3. For a light night you would think they were dealing with a full house.4. From the first bite.....inhaling the aroma of food prepared on a "grill-not-so-scraped-smelled-a-tad-burnt."5. Cooked eggs the way we asked forAs my better half reminded meOur waitress was very pleasantAnd nice and if it was not for the Large Bodies Party with baby makes Nine..!My suggestionIf cook cannot clean  grill before prep of breakfastYou lose big points for easy mealsThe rest of the family enjoyed meal
