3	No matter what is wrong with you an antibiotic will fix it.
3	There was over 6 people that work here that I could count from The waiting room. I was the second person in line when this place opened. Still waited over 20 minutes to be seen. But still can't complain in and out in just over 40 minutes I just thought it was funny that I was number 2 in line and still had to wait. Got some meds and feeling better today.
4	I can't give MedExpress 5 stars. I just can't. If they would have miraculously healed me on the spot, 5 stars would be awarded... but they did not. I seriously liked them better than my doctors office! They're friendly, helpful and seem to care. Plus, they're high tech with their little ipads and wifi in the waiting room, which I appreciated!So, let's say you trip over the wedges you were wearing the night before and totally jack up your foot. Thinking you would definitely not get into your regular doctor, and not a chance in H-E-double hockey stix you're going to the ER, this is your next best choice. Come to find out this is your best choice! Who knew they not only take X-Rays, but also set you up with prescriptions they can fill in house, give you crutches and a make-shift splint and make you an appointment to the specialist you need for later that day. I sure didn't. Although the news was not so great, with the diagnosis of a broken foot, the doctor was so kind even after I started bawling my eyes out. And while I wish I wasn't so clumsy, or I never got sick, I'm so glad this is an easy and comfortable option to have!
3	This month, I set foot in MedExpress for the first time. Never been there? MedExpress is basically the lovely alternative to waiting for a doctor's appointment or going to the ER - or in my case, the best place to go for help when you have no primary doctor whatsoever. I stopped in here when I was dealing with an extremely bad, violent cough. The biggest thing that stood out to me during my visit was that the staff here were very, very nice. The receptionists were very patient with me - it took me a while to finish sentences since I was coughing so badly - and the nurses and doctors were reasonably thorough during the exam and with their questions. They really did make me feel like I was getting the care they thought I needed. I left with a couple prescriptions meant to bring down swelling in my lungs and help me breathe better (so no pointless antibiotics, something that matters to me when visiting a doctor), and was told to call if the problem with the coughing persisted.However, I can't bring myself to give the place above 3 stars. I feel like during my initial visit, though the doctors and nurses were very nice, they weren't really listening to my main complaints. I made it very clear that the violent coughing I had was preventing me from sleeping, but nothing was done to address this problem. Wanting to be a good patient, I went ahead and tried what they gave me...and those medications did nothing. About five days after that first visit I called to voice my concern that the coughing wasn't going away. No one called me back for an entire day and a half. Needless to say I wasn't pleased by that.At least when they called me back they finally got the right medication prescribed and filled at my nearby pharmacy. I slept soundly for the first time in almost two weeks, and thanks to the reprieve the prescription cough syrup gave me I was finally able to shake the cough completely within a few days. It's just a shame it took so long to get the miracle prescription that I needed at my first visit.Would I stop in here again? Absolutely; this place is a great alternative to a busy ER or waiting for a regular doctor's appointment when you're in a bind, and the staff really does seem to want to help the people coming through their doors. I suspect a lot of my problems just stemmed from the fact that I had a cough, and coughs are a really general complaint that's hard for any doctor to treat. I just wish I'd really been listened to at my first visit and my call had been returned sooner; I probably could have recovered a lot faster. But what can you do - no one's perfect, right?
4	This clinic has  yet to let me down. I look for a clean, friendly and helpful place for a quick fix. And this location has not let me down. All professionals are friendly yet to the point and answer all my questions. Looking for a good location? This one right here.
