5	We came here for the shave ice & found out they have so much more. They sell all kinds of snacks, desserts, pupus, and even boba. I only got the chance to try the shave ice (with ice cream and azuki beans), pork hash, and poi mochi. They even have a kids table w/ toys & a tv w/ cartoons playing. I will definitely be back to try their cakes, malasadas, guri-guri, coco puffs, and boba.
4	The Shave Ice here is almost as good as being on the Island. Huge portions! I had to get a kid size that was plenty for me. I went for the rainbow with ice cream and the sweet milk to top it off....Mmmm. This sooo hit the spot being in the 109 degree weather. I think next time I'm goin to try the Tiger's Blood which pretty much taste like a fruity cherry icee..Oh Yeah!! The also have food here. I tried the breakfast with Portuguese sausage, egg & rice plate which was good. Didn't care much for the macaroni salad that came with it. They make cakes, desserts, and bento boxes as well. Cute family owned business. This place kept my 2yr old occupied with the toys they had available, which is a plus! Totally worth a trip here to cool you down in the Vegas heat.
1	If you're looking for boba, this really isn't the place. Save your money and go somewhere else because this place does not know how to make a good boba to save its life! I ordered a mango boba and it tasted horrible. My wife got a milk tea and I was thinking, "do they want her to get diabetes?" It was way too sweet like they put in creamer or something. Plus, the boba balls weren't cooked right...they're supposed to be chewy but they were ROCK HARD. no joke. Just terrible. Two drinks for $8. NOT WORTH IT! They might be good at making shaved ice but do not come here if you want good boba.
3	I recently went here for some malasadas when someone mentioned that they were made hot. I was not impressed. We had gotten the half plain and half filled malasadas. Most of them were still raw in the middle. I also had the strawberry guri-guri and it was good, but a little sweet.I hope to go back to this place one day to try the other desserts like the dobash cake. I like this place and I want to give it a second chance.
1	Sorry Yelpers!!! But this place has been closed down for I think a year now. Her pastries were good but too expensive...The shaved ice was a great alternative to ice cream and yogurt...If this buisness opened up elsewhere please let us know...but, DON"T GO TO THIS LOCATION - IT'S CLOSED!!!
