4	I love to hike Piestewa (formerly known as Squaw) Peak, obviously not for the solitude - since it's so crowded.  It's a rigorous 2.4 (round-trip) mile hike and NOT for beginners.  But it is the most fun. It reminds me of our version of the New York street scene - almost egalitarian in a way.  You see people of all sizes, ages, ethnicities, physical abilities, socioeconomic levels, families, friends, lovers, first-dates.  This is where you see Phoenix's diversity, ladies and gentlemen.It's definitely a wonderful first impression of Phoenix -- from the cross-section of society to the people-watching, and last but not least, the AMAZING breathtaking views, of wildlife (like roadrunners, chipmunks, and lizards), flora and the Valley below.It's been noted as one of the most hiked trail in in the nation.
4	I'm not breaking any new ground by reviewing Piestewa Peak.  But for those of you out there who are new to the Phoenix area or are just visiting, well, maybe you haven't heard of Piestewa...  My nickname for this hunk of metamorphic rock is "the StairMaster" because I primarily travel the summit trail, and well, it's a big giant natural StairMaster.  Every step is is step up.  Literally.  Your buns will be burning by the time you get to the top.  And your prize is the view from the top - a 360 degree uninterrupted view of the Valley.  The best part?  It's in our backyard.  How great is that?!  Name another major city the size of Phoenix where you can drive 10 minutes to a trail head... okay, there are probably a few... but that doesn't diminish my appreciation of the fact that I can be on the trail with such a minimal time investment.  For those of you who have hiked this route and are turned off by the crowds, I offer you an alternative.  Hike at night.  In the dark.  Yep. You heard me.  This is the way to do it.  Not only are you guaranteed much more pleasant temperatures, you are also guaranteed a moment of solitude.  It is quiet, lovely and largely untraveled during the darker hours.  Wait.  I didn't just say that.  It's dangerous and stupid to hike at night.  Don't do it.  I'm warning you. Your run the risk of stepping on a rattlesnake, getting bitten by a rabid ringtail or walking of a dangerous precipice and breaking your neck.   I hereby disclaim all liability (I had to throw that disclaimer in there, I'm a lawyer).  That being said, I enjoy hiking at night.  The city lights are spectacular.   If you decide to live dangerously, make sure you bring a headlamp, some water, hiking poles, and a friend or two.
4	I love the convenience of Piestewa Peak's location, and share the same views of the park with nearly everyone else so I won't rehash too much. Fun hikes, a good workout, great views, but damn it's crowded.HOWEVER...I have a new-found love of the place because I found out about the 302 trail.It's great. I like the summit trail, but only on a slow midweek afternoon or dusk in the summer when the crowds are light. My friend and I decided to do the summit a couple Sundays ago under beautiful sunny skies with highs in the 60s. So of course the summit trail was a glorified Disneyland ride line. About 1/4 of the way up the summit I suggested we split off and take a side trail I had always noticed but never ventured on. It was a revelation!It's the 302 trail...Like I said, it's about a 1/4 way up the summit on your left side (or start at the far north parking lot and end up on the summit trail). You zig-zag down the side of the hill then head north, then cut east around the back of the summit. After getting around the summit, you can head back south and eventually it ends at the far north parking lot. It's a beautiful trail and offers views of the rocky mountainside that I never knew about. There's a few parts of the trail where you are completely surrounded by desert...no views of the freeway or houses. The elevation doesn't fluctuate too much (obviously not as much as the summit trail) but it's a great workout. It's longer than the summit trail...a good 75-90 minute hike. Plus there's still a few more adjoining trails that I need to check out.And the best thing...No one is on the trail! I've done it three times now, and have yet to see more than 8 people the whole trail.The summit is still fun, but I'm hooked on the 302 for now. There's some other side trails that aren't ever crowded, but are boring compared to the 302 and summit.
3	Good hike, great cardio... Parking could be a lot betterOne downside... Change the name back. This is called Squaw Peak. The fact that the name was changed is ridiculous.
5	Wow, what a hike! Like Camelback, Piestewa Peak is a workout! And like Camelback, it is as hard going down as it was going up.  The top provides a perfect 360 view of the Valley, but yesterday it was pretty smoggy, so seeing downtown was a tad hard. Even still, a great view.I found Piestewa to be much more peaceful at the top than Camelback...probably because there weren't a ton of people up there when we made it to the top. However, my peaceful thinking at the summit was interrupted by a man who decided this was the best time to make a speech about his best friend...who just happened to be Jesus.We hiked the Summit Trail and while there were definitely a lot of people there since it was gorgeous out yesterday, it didn't feel as crowded as Camelback and there were times where it was just me and my husband. Close to the summit are handrails, which come in handy on the way down.  Parking was 100% better than Camelback...plenty of spots and the turnover was pretty quick at the lot at the Summit Trail trailhead. It looked like there were other lots nearby, so parking is not a chore like it is at Camelback.
5	Awesome hike.  Great cardio. incredible view.
5	I'm sure this place is a great hike. However, I've only been to this mountain for the Lori Piestewa Memorial Services. And that is what this review is about.I remember what it was like when Lori Piestewa was declared a prisoner or war and how my family got calls from Hopi inlaws asking us to pray in our way for her safe return. There were many things online, in our newspapers and on tv - we were so afraid. And then the inevitable came, the news we didn't want to hear.I don't know if any of ya'll know this, but Tuba City and the Hopi Nation are small places. Both are tight knit communities where everyone knows one another. And the devistation felt by her loss was incredible. I remember a cousin of mine recalled it as "you could hear the cries in the streets". Every Native in the country probably went to bed hungry that night in honor of her.And as for the name Squaw. I always knew it was bad. It was something you never said,  you never needed to say it. It was always something terrible. Once when I asked my grandfather what it meant he said "a terrible, terrible woman who's unfit to get married." I later learned that it meant, to his tribe, a women who was raped as a child and was deemed no longer fit to bear children. That was the interrpretation I grew up with and that is how I equate it today. I know of the mainstream meaning of that word, as a derogitory term for a vagina. But know that different tribes view it differently. but all meanings are terrible.I've only been called a squaw once. and unfortunatly, that person knew what it meant and used it in that context. And inspite of my education, eloquence and empathy - I was nothing but a mere squaw to this person and to this state and so was it's mountian. And I gotta admit, it stung a little to hear Squaw Peak Freeway or Squaw Peak used so... lightly. It was a wonderful day to hear Governor Napalitano decide to change the name to honor Lori Piestewa. I found it ironic and fitting. An elder once said, "Jessica may have gotten a movie, but Lori got a mountain!" And though she lost her life fighting for the freedoms of all Americans, she won a major battle in the war against using hurtful names from Indian Country's past to casually name things such as: mountains, sports teams, etc.This little indian girl who cried when she heard that Woman Warrior died is now a young woman who does what she can to push for change in America - and a big part of what inspires me and other women of color (not just natives) was the renaming of this mountain. This Peak is more than just a place for a great hike, it's the beginning of a movement. I have never forgotten that everytime I've traveled to it's base to honor the woman who inspired the change. And I know this woman, where ever she is, smiles down knowing her daughter doesn't have to live in the same world where she once did - where Native women were constantly being cursed at when asked for directions. Where signs all over a city sliced through you like knives. Where you'd try not to whince whenever a non-native on TV spoke about the traffic. It's a wonderful world, I only wish Lori could see it.
4	So today I felt like pushing myself a little so I decided I would conquer Summit Trail at Piestewa Peak as an appetizer before making the short drive over to Camelback Mountain for my main course.Well the first thing I noticed is that this place is quite different from Camelback Mountain. Unlike Camelback:-There are multiple parking lots. The parking spaces themselves are substantially larger. If you're a "car person" as am I then you giggle like a schoolgirl when you see the perfect space to leave your baby.-There was a considerably lesser amount of hikers on Summit Trail. I suppose this is good if you like the solitude and serenity of man and nature alone. If you're a "people watcher" then I suggest you stick with Camelback.-The terrain of Piestewa Peak is also noticebaly different. There is a vast amount of igneous and metamorphic rock on the trail making it a hell of a lot rougher on the limbs in the event of a fall. Expect a lot of sharp, angular rocks as opposed to the sandy, more rounded sedimentary rock of Camelback.-The grade of the Summit Trail at Piestewa Peak is not as steep as Camelback however it is more windy and there are more trails in totality as opposed to the few Camelback has to offer. For leg work accompanied by cardio I suggest Piestewa Peak. For more of a full body workout accompanied by cardio I suggest Camelback's Echo Canyon trail.By the way, on the walk to the Summit Trail head I encountered a snake. It startled me so I said "Ooh, shit." I guess he could sense my fear as he then stood up and approached me stopping inches from my face. He told me that it was his playground and that he didn't want any nerds on it. I replied that "I was just trying to live my life." He then demanded my lunch money. After I handed it to him he shoved me to the ground knocking my glasses off and ripping my Nirvana t-shirt. The other snakes laughed. It was humiliating. I'm never going back there again!Okay, sorry. In all seriousness today I did encounter a snake (dark green nearly black with a bright yellow pattern on it's back) that was about 4 feet long. As you enter the park the first parking lot is located on the right. I parked here. Across the road from this parking lot is a trail that will allow you to bypass walking on the main road to access the Summit Trail head. I was walking with my shades on when the Man up above told me to remove my shades so I could see where in the hell I was going. Not even a minute later in the gully to the right of this trail the snake slithers out of the wall of this gully. Again, it was about four feet long, which was enough for me to get my ass up to the actual trail head with a little bit more pep in my step than usual.Folks: Do your thing, have fun, but pay attention to your surroundings and please watch your kids and your pets. If you have kids take your cellular on the trail with you; better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.
5	Piestewa (formerly known as Squaw) Peak is an amazing workout. I'll admit it, it kicks my butt a little. But that I like to blame on asthma and the terrible pollution in this city. But seriously, it's a great way to get your tush movin'.It's crazy-out-of-control busy on weekends when the weather is nice. Parking is an absolute nightmare. Expect to park a ways away, unless of course you're like me and stalk people with your car...... Also, if the sun is up, expect to fry like an egg on hot pavement. Wear sunblock!! As well as hats and/or sunglasses. I've made the mistake of not wearing sunblock and yeah...not good!! But I guess if you live in Phoenix that's a must anyway. Just remember!If you're not up for the summit, there are tons of back trails to hike throughout the park. They're easier and usually less crowded. Bring your kids, too, I saw more than several little ones practically running to the top no problem. If only I could do that....
5	Based on Yelp reviews, I decided on Piestewa Peak as my first hike in Arizona and absolutely loved it!  I was looking for cardio with a beautiful view and that is exactly what I got!I went solo on Easter Sunday and was pleased that quite a few fellow hikers joined me on my mission to take on the Summitt.  In my experience I found parking to be a breeze.  The people were all friendly and the people watching was hilarious.  Be sure to bring plenty of water since it really is a trek and if you can fit it, bring your camera-it is worth the extra effort!
3	This is a pretty good hike. I think most reviews cover the summit trail, but I'd actually suggest hiking the circumference trail instead. You still get some excellent city views and I would say the challenge is comparable since it's twice as long and you have two saddles to climb. But more importantly, the circumference trail is less crowded and the trail surface is in so much better shape (except where it overlaps the summit trail). The traffic on the summit trail is so heavy that there's hardly a scratch of soft dirt left on it.For those with vehicles that have low ground clearance, I would suggest finding a friend to ride with or turning around and going elsewhere if you can't get a spot in the first parking lot. It doesn't matter how slow I go or what angle I approach, my car won't clear some of the speed bumps on the park road.
5	This has been a favorite of mine since college days. It still is a great climb( sorry,  Elle T. )   For those wondering if they would like to climb for a date or just a Sunday activity , it is a bit intense and a very long uphill climb. the steps are are big steps  you will need to be able to negotiate big spaces. You  will or at least I was huffing and puffing like crazy and I hike Thunderbird park every  weekend. But I felt like I was dying . It takes about  an hour if you are on the constant move. With breaks it's understandably a bit longer. But once you endure you feel like you are on top of the world!  It is a blast to sit on top and see literally everything in the Valley. Here are a few tips before going :Take water , lots of waterWear sunscreen , you have little shadeWear sensible shoes , no flip flops , no converse , you need sturdy People on the uphill traditionally have the right of way Don't take the kids there are edges with no railings and you can get hurtBring a cell phone  you or someone else might need help If you have health problems don't go
4	This was my first hike in Phoenix, actually Arizona for that matter. It was the perfect December afternoon, mid 70's; a far cry from the low 30's in Washington! We found a parking spot, did a few stretches, and got going. It was fairly busy with hikers, but everyone was very polite/friendly if you needed to pass someone or while waiting to let a downward hiker by. The views were amazing and pictures from the top are worth framing. I was a hiking virgin, but I think this place was awesome! I think I'm ready to conquer Camelback now!
5	not sure why they changed the name from squaw peak.  sup witdhat?now, back to happy thoughts.  it's my 2nd favorite hike in phx.  i've seen someone seriously injured on this mountain in the past (not happy times).  the very last climb right before you reach the top scares me the most.   it feels like you can/will fall right over the side of this monster.  you have to be in some type of shape to get up this mountain but i still think it easier than camelback.  i have no idea how people run up and down this peak but everytime i go, sure enough somebody runs right past me.oh and camelback is my #1
5	Now this is a hike more my style.  It's quick (maybe 30 minutes up), well marked, and there are a lot of people around with cell phones if disaster strikes.  I heard it was aptly nicknamed "Nature's Stairclimber." For sure.I'm not sure what's wrong with those people running down it.  Perhaps they have an early death wish.  I stop, move over, and let the crazies run past.  No need to spend more time near them than is absolutely necessary.If I did this every morning, I'd surely have a gymnast's ass.  But I'm lazy and will choose to do it from time to time when I feel I need a lift.
4	its a good distance and a definite workout and a great top view, the only thing that sucks is how busy it can be on weekends, i had to stop repeatedly for people coming in the other direction, dont forget to touch the gold coin thing when you hit the summit, also the parking facilities were pretty good
4	I was already hurting by the time I started up this beast, knowing it was going to be the longest 2.4 miles of the day.  I was right.  The summit was great, but going down was pure pain.  My knees were already shot from the previous three mountains I had hiked that morning.  I did get to see a Police/Fire helicopter circle numerous times overhead, and ended up passing its target on the way down.  A few hundred yards later, I passed his rescuers coming up with a basket.  At that point, I wished for my own set of pallbearers to whisk me down to my waiting vehicle.Total time up and back was 02:11:05.  This was my last of four mountains, one Saturday in April.
2	I was there last weekend and there were a ton of bugs flying around; maybe gnats (I'm not a bug expert) , it was gross and it didn't make for a good working or good "me" time. I usually hike Piestewa at least 2-3 times a month and I have never seen it so buggy. has anyone been this week that can tell me if the bugs are finally gone...i am in need of a good hike this weekend.
4	Iain, Keri, anyone else questioning the name change...PLEASE READ AND THEN RE-READ CHER T.'s REVIEW.It's sincere and heartfelt, and explains about the importance of the name change in a first-hand way that most of us could never know.Piestewa's a pretty cool hiking area, but not really any different than any of the other metro area mountain park systems.Unless you are specifically looking for the previously mentioned "stairmaster effect" the best bet is to avoid the summit trail alltogether and either use the Circumfrence Trail, which goes around the entire base of the mountain, or head to the north end of the parking area and begin at that trailhead.  If you want to take your pooch [the kind on a leash, not under your bellybutton] then forget about the Summit trail because no dogs allowed on the summit trail (only).  There is still some rock scrambling on these trails, and they don't have the same, well-established cement steps that they do on Summit trail.There are a few choices of looping trails from here [check the map board posted] which will take you up and over one or more of the slightly smaller peaks, and on the other side you are in a large expanse of desert wilderness that seems truly hidden away from the city sights and sounds.  You can't even hear the nearby 51 Fwy; the occaisional plane or chopper overhead is all the civilization you are aware of if there aren't other people around.  And there are always less people out here than on the stupid Summit trail.  You'll see more dogs, horses and bikes out here, though, so mind your right of ways [another thing posted on the sign at the trailhead -- sense a pattern?]If you are prepared with the right stamina and supplies, you can even journey the main trail north from here right into the 32 Street or even the Dreamy Draw and onto North Mountain Park.  Just remember:No matter how far you've gone, you're only halfway there -- you still have to come back!and pick up after your dogs
4	I've only ever heard one rattlesnake here.  It's only crowded at peak times on weekends.  Good view, not great, but good.The wikipedia article has a good but brief overview:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piestewa_Peak
5	First, this hike kicked my ass.I thought getting to the park at 10.00 would be early enough to beat the Saturday crowds, but I was wrong.  There were lots of hikers and wanna-be hikers at the park that April morning.  Some of us would make it to the top, and well, some of us wouldn't.The hike is like one giant stair-stepper, part natural and part man made.  The first half of the hike is defintely more crowded and difficult to climb because of all the people.  Once you get passed the mid point, the crowds thin out and the hike becomes more enjoyable, but it's not effortless.  The views at the top are pretty good, but what's cool about it is you know you just had your ass kicked by this hike and so did everybody else, but you did it. It took me about 2 hours to go up and down and I'm in pretty good shape (I run about 20-25 miles a week).  Take lots of water with you, and take a good pair of hiking shoes if you have them.  And take your time.  It's not a race to the top.Yeah, it kicked my ass.
5	awesome place to have so close. but can't take the pooch, so that's a bummer. great to be able to park there late and do night hikes to the top. weird cat like animal up there and sometimes quite a few scorpions. saw a rattlesnake once as well. great escape except on weekends when it's busier than bianco's pizzaria on half-price pizza day.
4	This was one of the hardest hikes I've ever done. I was so proud of myself for scrambling to the top, haha. This is a challenging, and well worth it hike rewarded with breathtaking views and an unrivaled sense of accomplishment. I'd recommend it for anyone with a few hours on hand and a strong sense of determination. :)
5	This is my favorite place to hike in Phoenix. It offers everything. The summit trail, which is very popular is 1.2 miles up one way. Its not for beginners! There are steep portions along the way but its an excellent trail to train on for long hikes such as Grand Canyon.  What is helpful for some is there are four stone benches along the trail which you can stop to catch your breath and continue. The last part is like a natural stone stair stepper!! But once you get to the top, the view is so worth it!! I love this trail!!
4	You can get up in 20 if you are a runner in great shape, 30 if you are a pretty good hiker, 40 if you are in shape but not an avid hiker.  Anyone can make it to the top if you take your time - and its worth it!  A steady pace with no stops takes about 30 minutes.  Down ranges anywhere form probably 12min-1 hr depending on your confidence.  I saw lots fo out of shape people who were towards the top so its doable if you have a whole day to spend but real hikers can probably do it on their lunch break.  Easier than Camelback, but you can make it as hard as you want by going faster. Parking is better than Camelback so that is a bonus.
4	What a fantastic park. I wish I had my mountain bike but hiking with non-hikers and a small 5 year old we were very limited in what we could explore.From the couple of bikers and hikers though this place was perfect for a simple kid friendly hike. We did get to see a road runner.
5	Whatever you call it - Piestewa, Squaw Peak, or Phx Mountains Park - this is a remarkably accessible Sonoran landscape lodged in the middle of the nation's fifth largest city. Still free, with mountain expanses most visitors never explore.Indeed, the park experience can be starkly divided between The Summit Trail and Everything Else.  On weekends, ascending the crag is akin to strolling in a parade, albeit at a dusty, jagged 16% incline. It's hard to find weekend parking, but it's an excellent 60-90 minute overall (up and down) workout, with ample cougars for you Wild Life lovers.    I'm more enamored with Everything Else.   Not just the Circumference(302) and Nature (304) paths you pick up at the back of the parking lot. But all the marked and unmarked trails beyond.  The 1A horse trail, the 8 and 8A on the east side, the VoAZ, 202, 8B and irregular link connectors, and the granddaddy 100, which runs west from Tatum, under the 51, thru North Mountain on 7th St all the way to Seventh Ave in Sunnyslope.It's mindboggling to think you can hike (or mountain bike) 20 miles or more in the city with this kind of uninterrupted scenery, not once crossing a street grade intersection.  I've seen a rattler, gila monster and three coyotes on the outer trails, but that's over decades and several hundred hours in the preserve. It's quite rare to spot anything but birds, rabbits or squirrels. But, as I say, the scenery, relative solitude and physical and spiritual benefits of exploring these myriad mountains and valleys is priceless. Bring water, and for longer hikes, skin protection.
5	I hike this almost every day. Obviously, I love it. I take no breaks. Prisoners, maybe. Here's what you need to know:Parking can be tricky. If you're going at peak times (get it?), the lot at the trail head is usually full and there's typically a line. It's funny how I'll hike with vigor but I hate walking to the hike. Anyway, it's the second lot you come to and the first on the left. The hike gets harder the higher you get. There's really very little danger of "falling off the mountain."Plenty of spots to stop and rest. Bring water. Summer or winter, the rescues are almost always someone who is not acclimated to the heat and thinks they can hike for just a bit. Don't do it. Drink water before you go. The more the better. I strongly recommend hiking boots, or just be super careful on the way down. It's super easy to roll an ankle. You know when you get to the two metal hand bars YOU'RE ALMOST THERE! Good luck and god speed!
4	Beautiful views, multiple trails, lots of enthusiastic outdoors-peeps, and a good location.  This is a great park!We hiked about halfway to the top of the main peak when the rain became quite visible to the north, so we unfortunately had to come down before we saw the summit.  However, we enjoyed a semi-challenging, steep and rocky climb that led to spectacular views of most of the valley, and we were likely only 2/3 of the way up!  Also, we noted there are many other trails to explore, so we'll certainly return when we're looking for a nice afternoon stint in the sun!
5	I've been hiking here for many years.  I am addicted to the summit trail and occasionally hike the circumference trail.  It's a great workout and offers nice views of Phoenix. The summit trail can get really busy on the weekends. Fortunately, with the warmer weather just around the corner, the crowds should start to thin a bit.When I was on my way down the hill on Monday I saw someone walking up the trail with a pit bull on a leash.  I Informed them that there are no dogs allowed on the summit trail and they turned around and went back down to the parking lot.Three things to remember: 1) stay to the right 2) the person going uphill has the right-of-way and 3) no dogs on the summit trail
5	No wonder the summit trail here is one of the most heavily used trails in the country. The climb gives you a fantastic workout and rewards you with ever-changing awesome views of the Phoenix mountains and pretty much the entire Valley as you make your ascent. Be sure to bring water, as you can easily get dehydrated during the ascent even during cool days, and bringing a camera wouldn't be such a bad idea either. If the long climb with its many steep potions too challenging, you can opt for several trails with gentler slopes surrounding this mountain in the Phoenix Mountains Park.
4	I can't wait to do this one again!  It's a tough one, but it feels great to get to the top of this bear!  I had so much fun coming down this hill, I couldn't help but smile the whole way.. Even though my legs were quite shaky and wobbly.. haha.Only bummer... no dogs :(
5	I love the nature trail.  It is perfect way to get out of town without actually getting out of town.  It is especially nice early in the morning.  My dog is a little older, so it is perfect for her.
3	This is a "Yay! I did it. Now I can cross THAT off my list." hike for me. It's very challenging and the summit view is spectacular and it's a cool feeling to take it all in from the jagged rock landing at the tippy top. It's cool to be able to point to this tall peak and say "I've been up there!" I don't, however, like the sucky parking and I hate having people "all up on me" while I'm hugging the side to give them plenty of room to pass. PASS ME already!! I wish there were a  few hours carved out of the day, or a day designated just for those of us who can't haul ass up there, so we could enjoy the sense of accomplishment along the way -- kind of like how they have lap swim times at the public pools! :)
5	Next time you're stuck in traffic on the 51 and Glendale, look just off the freeway and you'll see desert mountains flirting with your urge to get outside and spend the day exploring NATURE ... da ba dee da ba doo. (That's right, SNL Robert Goulet reference) When the weather's nice, I spend as much of my time outdoors as I possibly can. I look at it like the camel filling himself with water for his desert hike, or the bear filling his belly with food for a long winter of hibernation because I know that when July and August hits...I'll be merely dreaming about the outdoors. So, Piestewa Peak (formerly known as Squaw Peak) is one of my favorite outdoor destinations. Ok, so there are a couple routes you can take at Piestewa Peak and that's what I love about this area. If you're in the cardio mood, you can climb the peak and get the stair master workout. When you get to the rocky top, it's pretty awesome staring out and seeing the city on one side and a desert preserve on the other. If you're in the mood for a flatter hike through the desert oasis itself, then park in the way back and take the path you see on the north side. Between the saguaros and the rolling peaks and valleys, it's a gorgeous hike. You could easily keep walking until the sun sets so keep an eye on the clock and remember the direction you took. As long as you do that, you're golden. There are several different paths you can take including some with lookouts, some that go deep into the valley and some that explore the ups and downs of the preserve. So be sure to do your research and figure out which path you want to take. Hiker be warned!! You know how they also warn you to never leave the beaten path? Well... I didn't listen...and when I didn't listen, a jumping cactus decided to show me how it earned the name "jumping cactus" by jumping right onto my ankle. With nothing but water and a lone backpack, we had to improvise ways to get the needles out of my ankle. Now here's a little tid bit of knowledge about the jumping cactus...when it attaches to let's say, you're leg, it hooks in and makes it pretty darn hard to get out. Ten painful prick removals later, I was back on board and a little sore, but kept on truckin'. So be warned and keep a solid eye out for any little cacti lying around, because they are everywhere on Piestewa Peak. But don't let that scare you! It's well worth any scrapes you get along the way!
4	Could we be any more fortunate to have a mountain preserve in the middle of our city?!?!  I hike this mountain and the hundreds of trails that make up this area, at least 5 times a week!!  The parking can be terrible but for those of us who hike on the weekdays there is usually no problem, especially when it gets warm and the wimps stop hiking :).  The circumference trail is my favorite, it covers almost half of the Summit trail and dips off down the back for about another hour or so of great up's and downs.  Make sure your Camelpack is full for this one though, it kicks buns!  The full Summit trail is THE buns kicker, but once you make it, you can be the queen of the world, or king, whichever suits your fancy :)!! And did I mention the competitive monthly rates for this kind of workout??? Oh that's right, it's free :)!! See you there....
5	A poor mans gym. Love it all the time.  Great views from the top, 30-45 minutes of up make for great exercise.  A diverse crowd all the time.  Love Piestewa Peak hiking.
4	Thoughts while on the trail:  Nice short hike. Very rocky, uneven surface. Pretty sure half of Phoenix is on the trail with us!So now that I'm off the trail and back home, I've got to say I really enjoyed the hike today.  The November weather was perfect and made the climb very pleasant.  I took my 7 yr old son with me and he did great.  Although the trail is very rocky and rugged (particularly for an "improved" pathway), it is a simple hike.  I saw a lot of people wearing running shoes, but I've got to admit there is no way that would have worked for me.  It would be super simple to roll an ankle on the jutting rocks.  Plus, I  would think that the soft sole of a running shoe would expose your feet to the rock points.  I wore hiking boots and was happy that I did.I kept reading about having to scramble over rocks and had imagined needing ropes.  But the fact is, the only rock climbing we did was no more than running up a staircase two at a time.  It really was not a problem.  The real negative for me was all the "company" on the trail.  All my hiking experience up till now has been in more remote areas.  I suppose because Piestewa Peak is located inside a major city I shouldn't be surprised.  But I've got to tell you, there are A LOT of people there.  A few rude, but most very considerate and nice.  Still, hiking like ants in a line is a bit strange.  But I am a fan, none the less.
5	Squaw is the easier of the two tough Phoenix city hikes.  I say this because parking has always been easier for me (I park in the little lot just before the gate to the park) and because you never have to use your hands, so you can just carry a bottle of water without worrying about it getting in the way later.  That said, you need strong legs for this or else you will feel the pain and burn.  Lots of people enjoy running up or down, but I'd watch out if you have bad knees or ankles.  I have bad ankles, so I hike down swiftly, but avoid the run.  Just like Camelback, there are incredible views from the top which make the toil worth it.
4	I love running Sqaw! My dad almost died walking it, but he made it and enjoyed it. (Definately happy I didn't push Camelback) Less crowds at wierd hours. Can get cold at the top and if you want to be absolutely ridiculous and run 50k feeling like you are in the middle of the dessert there is actually a group that meets here and does this Wednesday mornings :)
5	5 stars for the variety and well kept trails.I recall a previous time when this was called "Squaw Peak" but the new name commemorates the "first nation" female soldier lost in the Iraq war.Most visitors think about he 1.2 mile hike to the top of the summit.  While that is a good hike for those with limited time and it is also a great workout, there is much more to be seen in the park.  Much more.Once you've done the peak and are looking for more variety and fewer people, explore the rest of this vast park.  I suggest you drive to the very North end of the road where it dead ends.  Park there and head North along one of two routes, enjoy a nice loop trek West with a big choice of routes and distances.  I think the nature trail stops with plant identification are great to help folks understand what they're around.  Piestewa Trails wander through a landscape of ocotillos, saguaros, barrel cactus and palo verde trees. Don't forget to bring water.
5	I love how you can go hiking outside..... across ravines, some steep climbs, quick runs, jump or skip across some small boulders, take some gorgeous photos -- all while still within a major metropolitan city!It's great... you don't have to travel too far to get here. Weather has been absolutely gorgeous lately. We started off by parking in the Hopi lot, and then trekking out, over, above and beyond, and back for about 3.5 miles. It was great because when we were climbing up mostly we were in the shade. We encountered several other hikers, runners, runners w/ dogs, and mountain bikers. But it was never crowded. Great outdoor activity to appreciate Phoenix.
5	On my first visit to AZ when I was still living in LA... I was brought here for a hike. I remember thinking, it couldn't phase me, I'm queen of the stairmaster at the gym. LOL. ohhhh was I wrong. This far surpasses any stairmaster at any gym. I couldn't make it to the top that day. This mountain especially with the crazy AZ summer heat kicked my ass! After moving to AZ, I was determined to conquer it. On my second attempt, I was able to make it to the top. Over the last two years, I've probably hiked this over 30 times, and believe me it does not get any easier each time. But once you make it to the top and see the view you'll see that it's sooo worth it.  Now, my next goal is to go up and down twice. So far, I've been able to go up and down 1 1/2 times. It's a great workout. And yes, I take all my LA friends that visit up here and get a kick out of watching them dying trying to climb it. It's definitely different from what we're used to out there.
5	The summit trail is a great moderate-difficulty hike that can be completed by average hikers in about two hours, and much less if you're in particularly good shape (there were a number of people who appeared to run/jog the whole thing). Terrific views of the greater-Phoenix area, and lots of critters running around -- even at mid-day we saw squirrels, chipmunks, and several types of lizards.Be sure to wear plenty of sun screen, and bring at least one full bottle of water per person. It can get quite hot, and there's very little shade on the trail (although there are a several good spots to stop and catch your breath, or just take in the views). Also note that the trail is quite popular. We were there on a Friday, and there was almost always someone in sight ahead or behind us. I imagine the weekends might be a bit over-crowded.
4	This hike kicked our butts! It was a really good workout though. When we first arrived it seemed really simple & like a fun hike. However as we began the hike we realized there was a lot more to the hike than we originally saw from the bottom of the trail & we were in for a lot more than we thought. About half way up I wanted to quit but we kept going....it was about 1.25 miles up to the top. It was a really pretty view from the top of the peak. The hike down the trail was much easier & enjoyable. I would recommend bringing plenty of water & maybe a snack :) The whole hike took us about 1.5-2 hours
4	I am not sure if I should give it 5 stars for being a fun trail with great views or 1 star for making me puke at 5: a.m.  In June '11 I was looking for a running trail and saw this on Alltrails.  I got up early to beat the sun and went to tear this trail up.  Parking lot was almost full and the trail was pretty crowded.  I hit play on my ipod and started running.  It did not take long for me to see this is a Hiking trail and not so much a Running trail.  My pace went from 8 mm to 10 mm to 12 mm.  Not far from the top I hit the wall.  I sat and enjoyed the view as I revisited that morning's protein shake.  After a half hour on my back I headed back to my car with my tail between my legs. You got me this time Piestewa, but I will be back
4	This was a tough hike for mid day at 105 degrees so take plenty of water ( I had six 16 oz bottles and drank them all) Beautiful hike with a beautiful view! Highly recommend this 2-3 hour hike.Wear a hat and sunscreen!
5	I love starting my day saying "morning" to a bunch of strangers while we're all hiking around Squaw Peak.  I've spent a lot of time here and it's a beautiful area.  The hike to the summit is moderate; I believe it's barely a mile.  Squaw Peak offers many different trails to choose from my favorite is the Perl Charles.  There is also a cement walking path that can be used for people that can't tolerate the rocky terrain.  I think it's cool that one of the trails goes underneath the 51 even though I always hesitate walking through the tunnel...I've watched too many movies.  Another one of my favorite things about Squaw Peak is Tammy.  She has boot camp here EVERY weekday at 5:00 AM.  I went to her camp everyday for 5 months (before I moved) and it was life changing.  Not only does Tammy push you beyond what you knew you could do physically, she also gives emotional support that helps you preserver through the hard work.  http://phxbootcamp.com/site/index.php
5	Great place for a quick hike and views of the valley are beautiful.
5	I wish I would have started this hike early in the morning because the sun throughout the hike is killer.  It was my first time taking this on and I started off strong, feeling invincible.  Not even at the halfway mark, I was gasping for air.  Pace yourself, thank goodness my boyfriend had water and was encouraging.  As I kept truckin' I finally see a "stairway to heaven", and I will tell you, by no means was it an easy climb to the top of this peak.  Steep steps to get to the top, but once I got there, I felt a cool breeze air, took in the most beautiful views and enjoyed a few gulps of water.  Back down was much easier but by then I had spaghetti legs.  A good reminder to continue to climb and hike to get into better shape.  Left with sore legs, a great tan and an enjoyable way to start my day.  I highly recommend.
5	Too bad I can't bring my dog along- very cool trail. Good workout, lots of people, lots of parking, very central location- super easy to get to. Bring lots of water, and bring your camera or some great shots.
5	This is got to be my favorite hiking trail in Phoenix.  I hiked the whole trail which took about 2 1/2 hours.  To get to the top is well worth the hike.  Warning:  This is not a smooth trail like Pinnacle Peak.  If you don't mind all the rocks and the heavy traffic.  Make sure to wear proper shoes to hike this trail.
2	I could not find a place to park my Honda Civic and enjoy the trails.  After about 60 minutes of looking.  I gave up.  Need more options to get there, and where to park the car so that the trail can actually be enjoyed.  I will save my time and go elsewhere.Suggestion:  Should consider developing an offsite parking area, and providing a shuttle to the entrance (perhaps for a small fee)...and let it be known where to find the shuttle.
4	This was the launch of our "Seven Summits" of Phoenix mountaineering adventure.  Our goal is to reach all of the seven summits by the end of April and we are off to a great start. Although it took us two attempts (two separate visits) to reach the summit, we did it with a few breaks and plenty of gasping along the way on New Years day. It was our way of starting the New Year on the more active side of things.  This hike really gave us a great work out with the steeper parts of the path allowing for a good sweat.  The trail is a continuous climb with a few resting spots and with plenty of photo ops to the summit. It does get pretty crowded and parking can be an issue on the weekends after the early hours. There are picnic tables, ramadas, restrooms and of course a stunning 360-degreee view once you reach the summit.
3	Tooooooo crowded!!That takes all the fun of the place. As a mountain is a nice place to go up without feeling that you will loose your lungs. Going down feels faster than up. Being in regular shape it took us about 50 minutes to go up. A moderate hike and doable by all the family.
5	I've recently started hiking Piestewa Peak (I feeling like I'm cheating on Camelback) and I think I'm in love!  This is a great hike that gives the stairmaster a new name.  The views are amazing and its not too crowded.  Parking can be hard to find but it's worth the hunt for a spot to hike this awesome trail!
4	Went up with some friends. We're in our late 20s and considered to be in pretty good health, but I have to say, some of these verticals really took our breath away. There were a number of older folks who were definitely locals running the route-very impressive! The view hiking up is great and the top makes the 1 hr 15 mins well worth it. The hike down was obviously much quicker.
5	If I did it, you can do it! (Blah, blah, blah)Okay, but really....I'm not one of those cool people that hikes as a hobbie, or ever, but I did manage to make my way to the top of this mountain to behold the magnificent view that everyone boasts about, and I'm damn proud to have survived to Yelp about it. Maaaybe it took me an hour (or two) to finish and maaaybe I took a few breaks in between to soak in the view (i.e. prevent myself from throwing up) but I did it and that's what matters, right? :) In truth it's not that bad, but being the complete opposite of an avid hiker, I don't think I was nearly as hydrated or nourished as I should have been to take on this venture. Luckily I was not alone, and it was fun bantering with the friendly people along the way that appeared to be having the same issue. Granted there were also a fair share of scantily clad, mega in shape passers-by quickly jolting to and fro, and I did get a few hmmm glances from them, but that was only until I learned the rule of the mountain (which by the way, didn't take long) and that was to GET OUT OF THE WAY! Remember that simple notion, throw on some nice grippy shoes and one of those groovy camelbaks that the real hikers are toting around, and be on your way. You'll feel really good about yourself, after.
5	This is my absolute favorite hike in the valley. Granted I have a grudge against camelback since I fell in a cactus there a few years ago. It's 1.25 miles to the top. There's lots of benches for beginners to break and take in the beautiful scenery also. I have been hiking here for a few years now and while I hike up pretty quickly (about 30 mins) I've never caught up w those 22 minute hikers! But pushing yourself to get faster every time makes the workout that much more intense. Woot! It's also a really good conditioning hike before hitting up trails north of us in Flagstaff or Sedona.Just do it!Xx,Reesie
4	Drink some water!  They don't have mountains like these in the Midwest so when I stole out here for a few days I had to just climb one.  For a 20 something fit dude, this hike is moderate with an altitude change.  It even requires a bit of a "real" hike at the very top.  Don't be fooled at the summit....look across the way and there's another 30 feet to climb to reach the real summit: with a small metal plaque with the name and elevation.  Touch it because if you don't it never happened.There are a few spots that are confusing, where you have to sort of climb over some rocks to see the trail wind down again but just pay attention to other hikers and you'll be fine.There's no water up there and in the summer it is frickin hot so bring some water.
5	Great hike. A lot safer than Camelback mountain
4	I really like the loop trail, it is a nice, relatively long hike and not too strenuous. I do not love the peak trail only because it is so ridiculously crowded almost every time I have been there. That being said the view is totally worth it!
3	This is located in Phoenix by Lincoln Road and 24th.  It's about 1.2 miles to the top so you can get up and back within an hour.  It's fairly easy - if you are used to doing stairs as you'll basically be climbing up a lot of them. When you get to the top, there are great views of the city below.  The only thing you'll need to watch out for are people who are racing up and have no intension of stopping to let you get out of the way. If you hate stairs, try the circumference trial instead. Yeah, the name is totally not creative, but it's much easier than the stair one (even kids can do it) and you still get to see the city from way up high. Level: Easy to Moderate
5	As compared to Camelback, this trek offers easy parking, and significantly lower chances of snapping your ankles.  One notable perk is the greater chance of falling down the mountain though.  This trek is by far a much friendlier, a more pure stair master as compared to the creative rock climbing at Camelback.  For the family visit, date, Piestewa Peak is a better choice than Camelback.  Expect a decent workout with less peeps and much more accessible for the less fit.
5	Loved this hiking trail! We did the 302 trail. This trail (versus Summit) is beginner type trail. There is very little vertical hiking. Rather, this trail allows you to really enjoy the scenery. It is about 3 miles.
5	Whoa momma! I am deathly afraid of heights so this one gave me a run for my money. The workout itself is FANTASTIC as long as you look at your feet going up and crab walk on some parts going down. Seriously!!!  I had a fantastic time and I know that I will be back again soon, that is as soon as I get over my fear of heights!
4	The summit trail has to be the most deceiving trail ever. The peak is not visible until you get about 10 minute hiking distance so even if you think you're there...you most likely are not. BUT the view is amazing and you literally feel like you're on top of the world. Parking at the bottom of the trail, no restroom (at least near this trail), no dogs/horses, and the only downfall-- way too popular. We went earlier in the day and were very glad...there were way too many people hiking up on our way down. Will come back!
5	My first trip up this mountain produced a pretty intense hike. I have no clue how some people run up and down this mountain, but that won't be me ever. Those folks should use the other side of the mountain or something. The trip up never seemed to end, there was always another corner to turn and even when you see those railings way up high, it's still not over. The payoff though is of course worth the effort to get up there. Dramatic views, yada yada, yada. Tradition for me dictates a healthy yell upon reaching the top, so I hope the 9 people lounging on the rocks up there didn't mind. Clearly don't go here on weekends cause the point of hiking at least for me is to get some solitude and away from people. Also, this will always be Squaw Peak, nobody can pronounce the new name.
5	My favorite hiking trail in Phoenix. It's a total workout and a real butt kicker, but I always feel like I accomplished so much when I reach the top! And rewarded with a great view of the valley!! There is surprisingly a lot of parking here too, another reason it's my favorite!!
1	Hiker beware. I was robbed at 3:00pm in the afternoon at one of the most crowded parks in the city. I won't go on and on about my tragedy, just know the police told me 3-4 cars are broken into here every week. I'm so disappointed the park doesn't tell you there are thieves on the park grounds watching the behaviors of hikers with the intention of breaking into their cars. The cash, credit cards, emptying my bank account in the span of an hour is hideous, but taking irreplaceable personal items is heartbreaking.Don't trust the park to watch your car or fellow hikers.
4	great time with my family of 5, kids ages 11,10, and 8.  Their first real hike and they did the entire trip back and forth with stops and pictures in about 2 hours :) good way to kick off a day trip to Phoenix.
5	If you are reading this, you are probably trying to figure out if it's worth the sweat and tan.  Now that you are passed that, I will have to tell you that compared to its cousin, Camelback Mountain, it's a notch easier.  The nicer, convenient aspect of coming here is parking is a lot better!   There's about three little lots that is in the vicinity of the main trail.  If you are lucky to see somebody pull out, make a dash! Otherwise, you will have to park along the side streets and neighborhood which means more walking.For most of the trail it gets progressively steeper with some straights and flats.  As you get closer to the top, there are some rails to guide you.  The one thing that you should know is that the boulders and rocks have sharp edges.  You could potentially cut yourself if you slip or fall.  Definitely go at a gentler pace if you are a beginner or intermediate hiker.  The view is excellent once you reach the top.  You can pan everywhere and see downtown.  To sum up, it was fun, sweaty, and worth it.  This is definitely the type of activity you want to work those glutes and legs.
5	Summit trail is about 1.1 miles long and is the hardest of all. It took us about 35 min to get to the top and about 30 min coming down. It's a great workout, make sure you take appropriate shoes; I took my running shoes and were too soft for the rocky trail. The trail offers great views of the city along the way, rewarded with a magnificent view from the top. There is a water tap at the bottom where you can refill your bottle. And there's plenty of parking too. Take sunblock too. Great little workout in the middle of the city. Ah, and dont fidget with your phone, I dropped my Iphone and cracked the screen :(
4	parking can get pretty crazy here. I had to circle around for a good ten minutes to finally find a spot, which I only got because I stalked two people walking back to their car. the Summit Trail can get pretty crowded, but if you can tolerate the inconvenience of having to step around people or to step aside for the crazy people who choose to run up the mountain (how do they not sprain their ankles?!) then the views are totally worth it. really beautiful vantage point to see Phoenix. although my legs are sore today, I'd come back again.
4	Being new to Phoenix, one of the big things that seem to be a must is hiking.  My friend comes here so she took me.  So far I've been on two trails.  Beware to newbies, these are rocky trails so to all you LAers who are used to dirt, think again.  If you wear tennis shoes b/c you don;t have hiking shoes like me, bring your not so good tennis shoes.  They'll get pretty beaten up eventually by the rocks.  The scenery is really pretty.  Tip - seeing as how you are hiking to get exercise, consider parking in the neighborhood instead and then walking in.  Otherwise, carpool.
5	Also known as Squaw Peak, this trail is very popular due to it's location -- close enough to the West and East side of the city.  Here's the deal Camelback is tougher than this one, but definitely worth the run.  If you want a better workout then I suggest to running and hiking the circumference of Trail 302/1A all the way around the mountain and then work your way up to the peak.  This will kick your butt and I would only recommend this to hard core trail runners and hikers.  It should take at least 2 to 2.5 hours to complete for you speedsters.  If you're just planning to do the Piestewa Peak hike then I would time 1-2 hours for amateurs and about 1 hour for advance peeps. - Enjoy!
5	Great trails!!! It is a really fun but challenging hike. I have hiked the summit trail 4 times this week and I totally feel a difference in stamina and muscle strength. Gorgeous day and especially night views as soon as you make it fifty feet up the mountain.
5	My looking-to-get-back-into-shape friend and I did our first Squaw Peak hike last Saturday morning. We got started right at 6am (it gets crowded early on weekends, so plan ahead and carpool or park in the neighborhood) when the sun was just rising and the clouds were still partially obscuring the sunlight making the air light and cool. We took the Summit Trail (1.2-1.5mi), and although it is not as tough as Camelback's tougher trail, it was well worth the hike.The trail itself is like Mother Nature's StairMaster, and is fairly narrow and winding at points so keep an eye out for fellow hikers going up or coming down. Everyone I ran into that morning was very courteous and friendly, contributing to the positive overall experience. Once we reached the top, the views were incredible. There was plenty of space for everyone to sit and take a break and take in the scenery, in fact my friend and I got kind of carried away and stayed up there for quite some time. I'm not sure who enjoyed it more between the two of us, but needless to say we are excited about going back again soon!
4	I wish that I could give Piestewa Peak another half of a star.  This trail is located smack dab in the middle of the Metropolitan Phoenix Area, the Valley of the Sun.  I've been on the trail consistently for almost 8 years now (although I do prefer the Echo Canyon trail on Camelback Mountain.)This steep trail is difficult and hard every time that I hike / run it.  There are many ages of people that do the hike and there are a number of benches / seating areas for taking a break.  This strenuous hike is not for the faint of heights.  On the way up, the trail is narrow and overlooking steep drop-offs on more than one section.  Make sure to have plenty of water, a phone and I would recommend hiking it with a partner a few times before venturing up it alone.Also, please use common sense when trying to find a parking spot.  There are plenty of ramadas and other trails in the Phoenix Mountain Preserves if the main parking area is full with a line of cars waiting to park.  Keep driving north, you will find a spot.  There are NO DOGS allowed on this trail because it is so narrow.  Allow yourself 1.5 -2.5 hours for your first time up.  This may also include the parking issue, resting on the way up, and the walk from the car to the trailhead.  Bring alot of water, use sunscreen and have fun.
4	This trail provides a great workout in a moderate amount of time. Being only 1.2 miles one way, it's short enough that you can do the whole thing in less than 2 hours. It elevates pretty quickly so it gets your heart rate up, and there are just enough benches along the way to use as trail markers and resting points to pace yourself. It's not as difficult a hike as Echo Canyon on Camelback Mountain, but since that trail is currently closed right now, this is the next-to-best thing in the valley.I love this trail, but it is so popular you can almost never find a parking spot without lingering in the area for at least half an hour (yes it's ridiculous, hence the 4 stars). However, there is a way around this...Some of my friends are training for the Grand Canyon Rim-to-Rim hike this summer, so we tried to incorporate a longer hike in along with the Summit Trail to add in some difficulty. Since the Phoenix Mountain Preserve trails connect to the Squaw Peak parking lots, we would start hiking the Quartz Ridge Trail from 40th and Shea (a MUCH less crowded spot where you can usually find parking), connect to Squaw Peak and do the Summit Trail, and then continue back on the loop Quartz Ridge Trail back to 40th and Shea. This routine will provide training for strength and distance. Just make sure you start at the crack of dawn in the summer...the heat gets to be unbearable even in the early morning!
4	There's parking thank goodness. I hiked here for two hours but my friend says it goes on for 13 miles. I wish the view was cooler but going around and finishing the hike will give you a 360 view of phx.
5	Rocky with a breathtaking view at the top.
5	This was my first trip up the peak and I enjoyed it! It was a bit hot but it appears everyone gets off to very early morning hikes in the summer. The parking lots were busy so I was pretty far away, and took a long trail to make it to the summit trail. I was joined with tons of people- some jogging, some limping. It was very fun. I made it up in over and hour or so to the top and enjoyed beautiful views of Phoenix. There was a water fountain and shaded picnic tables at the bottom which were nice after my hot trek.
5	Somethings just don't change....Costco will always be Price Club to me, and Piestewa Peak will always be Squaw Peak.  The Phoenix Mountain Preserves, which is home to Squaw Peak, is an amazing preserve smack in the middle of a metropolis.  The well known Summit Trail is heavily traveled and well loved by regulars and visitors alike. It is a strenuous hike and is most challenging near the top.  Stair like rocks lead you to the summit - but watch your step and be very careful as there are few handrails.Parking is always a problem, especially on the weekend as everyone wants to get out and enjoy the outdoors.  If the first two lots are full, keep going as there are more opportunities to park further north.  And what is an extra few minutes of walking when your planning on hiking 2.4 miles roundtrip anyways?Be sure to check out the other trails - like the Circumference Trail that starts at the north parking lot and circles the preserves, linking up with the Summit Trail near the end - giving you the option to continue to the peak.  There are parts of this trail that are secluded and make you forget that you are in the middle of Phoenix.  Dogs are allowed on almost all the trails except the Summit, so it is great fun for your pup.  Just be sure to keep them safe from the cactus and bring plenty of water.I highly recommend this hike and be safe!
4	Loved every minute of this mountain. First time hiking, and I would say I'd definitely go back anytime, but mainly at night when the view is most gorgeous and most people start to leave and it's not many people up, hiking. If you really want a good workout, this is the place to go. I must say you do have to be careful though, some of the rocks are slippery as hell. Only con like most hiking trails and etc is watch out for rattlesnakes.
4	Great hike. Very rigorous. I recommend doing it very early to avoid the crowd (it was PACKED!) Bring a lot of water. I recommend 1.5-2 Liters.
2	I don't like this trail because of the terrain.  The rocks are jaggedy and sharp, and it's easy to slip because the rocks are loose.  I feel like if I fell from a height of 5 feet or more, I probably will be impaled.  I'd rather fall on Camelback's Echo Canyon trail's rocks, which are more rounded and smooth if that's any comfort.  This trail is known for it's similarity to a stairmaster, because you literally are climbing nature's steps.   It's a little boring for me because it's the same thing all the way to the top.  With Echo Canyon, you get level differences and terrain change and it just feels more adventurey, if you will.  I'm not rating this 2 stars because  I ate it on the way down and gave myself eternal scars on my legs ( I was trying to change songs on my ipod and wasn't paying attention like an idiot)... and not because it's a sucky hike - it's not.  You get a REALLY good workout and the wind knocked out of you if you've been slacking on your cardio, and great views at the top.  But I feel like for those looking for more of a challenge with an extra oomph, head to Camelback.
3	Not for the faint of heart.For more seasoned hikers, this seems to be a pretty popular place. Going on a weekend you'll probably encounter quite a few people going up and down.My advice to the more amateur of us hikers: take your time. I feel that Summit Trail is a "trail" in a very liberal sense of the word. Save a few brief paths, most of the hike up is unpaved. The path is full of rocks that make going up (and back down, to a lesser extent) pretty challenging if you're used to more friendly hikes. You really need to watch your step if you don't want to hurt yourself. The trail goes pretty far up. I stopped a little past halfway. I'll probably come back once I have more experience under my belt and the weather gets cooler.
5	Piestewa Peak has definitely become one of my favorite hikes here in Arizona. With my beloved Camelback put on the side burner while under construction, we have substituted Piestewa to fill in the gaps. This hike, in my opinion, is the hike most similar to Camelback when it comes to difficulty and time. I think Camelback may have an edge on this mountain with a little more steepness, but I feel like it's pretty darn close. There are some moments of omg, but I was surprised that I wasn't as tired at the top when compared to Camelback. I have a friend that lives really close to the mountain so we all hiked it together. The views are gorgeous, but for some reason there was a swarm of tiny bugs at the top one time that we went, I have no idea what they were but I felt like I was inhaling them lol. This hike took me about 50 minutes up and 25 minutes down and I'd say I'm a novice hiker. With the weather cooling down the mountain gets busy, I'm glad people are staying active! See you on the trails Yelpers!
4	This hike is TOUGH! It is a windy, steep trail with loose and jagged rocks. I twisted my ankles a couple of times and am surprised I didn't get a sprain. When I made it to the very top, the view was absolutely breathtaking. Here are a few tips that I wish I had known before I went:1. If you can, go in the middle of the day (weekday) or very early a.m. for parking. I arrived around 2:30 on a Tuesday so had absolutely no troubles parking, but when I got back to my car at 4:30 the lots were completely full.2. Bring more water than you think you will need. Next time I go I am bringing a Camelbak.3. Wear really sturdy shoes with good grip. Next time I go I will wear hiking shoes instead of my Nike running shoes.4. Lots of benches and cool view points along the way to take a breather. I may or may not have stopped to catch my breath several times on the way up :)5. Allow a solid 2 hours, maybe even longer for the full hike. 6. Bring a camera (or camera phone) for the top. The view is really worth it.Enjoy!
5	Absolutely beautiful views, particularly breathtaking at the very top. Difficulty level is fairly high. I'd recommend it to slightly more experienced hikers - there are a lot of "steps" - but a novice could do it, slow and steady.Be sure to wear shoes with a decently thick soles or tread really carefully. There are lots of sharp stones.
5	Holy crap this mountain is rough. Made it to the top but now gotta go down. Don't need jabz leg class today
5	I've been on this trail many times with my brother who lives in Phoenix. I love the fact that there are so many cool hikes right in the middle of the city. After reading the other reviews, I have to say that I think the hike isn't nearly as strenuous as many of the other Yelpers, but then again I'm not attempting to do this midday in June (I have been a desert rat for WAYYYY too long for that!). I actually like the "stair master" effect of this trail. Great workout and a gorgeous panoramic view of the city from the top!
5	Great hike for being in Phoenix. Went out on Christmas Day and the place was packed.  The hike is steep so have good shoes as it is super rocky.  You get a great view and workout, bring water and a hat.
5	Great hike, absolutely beautiful views, and quite a work out. The trail is never too narrow or unsafe, but does require careful maneuvering at parts, and steep rocks. The challenge made it more fun, and it was inspiring to see some of the more experienced hikers run up and down. The views from the summit were beautiful, and the exercise refreshing. I'd recommend bringing water, sunglasses/hat, and coming earlier in the morning to avoid too much sun.
5	Today I journeyed to the top of Piestewa. Previously, I'd only done some wandering around before dusk. The climb to the top was much more challenging than I'd imagined. Fellow hikers were in abundance, as I'd been warned, but on this day I didn't mind. I enjoyed the random conversations and also the occasional cheering from others in passing such as "Good Job," "You can do it," "You're almost there!" ...But hmm I began to wonder... Did I look that in distress? That inexperienced? Or is it just that friendly of a hike? Perhaps I'm just more used to less traveled trails. I definitely had to take breaks though and at times probably did look like a staggering, dehydrated person in the desert. Once I made it to the top, I collapsed dramatically and gazed in awe at the panoramic view realizing this peak is smack in the middle of the city. There are the typical views of downtown Phoenix, Tempe, Papago, Camelback, etc. in addition to Red Mountain, Four Peaks and many others. There was humor at the top... Someone stood up and expressed a loud "Whoaaa." Then I heard a lady say, "That is not a good sound to hear on top of a mountain." Later, I overheard an old man say "Gonna have to do a whole bunch more thinkin' on the way down." These innocent  things made me chuckle. ...And the old man was right. The humans were interesting... I met a couple of guys who said they made it to the top in 27 minutes but that the last time they did it in 24. Impressive. There was also a helpful man who new the names of almost all of the mountains in the distance. I said something cheezy to him...something like, "I love a man who knows his mountains." This was an enjoyable hike. Beautiful and a good workout. I got to make some friends...human and non (an adorably fearless squirrel scavenging around at the top) and shared a number of high-fives. While I am more-so drawn to desolation, I absolutely enjoyed the humanly-plentiful energy of my first hike to the top of Piestawa Peak.
4	This will always be squaw peak to me.  This trail is always overcrowded.  There is a reason you can't bring pets on it.  Lots of people do this trail without even checking out the rest of the Phoenix Mountain Preserve.  There are so many awesome trails around here there is no reason to just do Squaw Peak.My suggestion: Try out the bevy of available trails all over this preserve.  We try and go hiking as much as we can and we still havent touched over 70% of them!
4	I went here on a Sunday around 2:30 since the weather was super nice outside. I had never been here before but my dad hikes almost everyday here so I decided to go with him. The parking was really hard to find at first. We drove around to almost every parking spot they had available and there was no empty spots. After driving around for about 20 minutes we almost decided to just go to Echo Canyon Trail on Camelback Mountain but as we headed towards the exit we found a parking spot. I like how they have bathrooms as well instead of just nothing. I actually enjoy hiking and have no problem hiking since I am in pretty good shape but hiking this mountain was a little bit frustrating for me. There is a lot of steps going up this mountain. Just like how Echo Canyon Trail on Camelback Mountain used to be. So I suggest if you do not like hiking on step after step to not go to this mountain. I personally hate climbing steps so I immediately did not want to go far. I did end up going far but did have to take breaks throughout the way since before this I hadn't hiked in about eight months. Overall I probably won't come back to this mountain. I just don't like hiking on steps and some parts are hard to get up so I definitely would not recommend coming here alone your first time if you are going to.
5	This peak is pretty steep but fun to climb. Parking is a challenge especially on the weekends.Please don't leave your trash in the park. This was the first park I've been to with the most number of water bottles lying around.
4	For as long as I've lived here. I've never hiked this mountain. And now that I have, I'm looking forward to going again. We went on a Friday morning and it wasn't that bad. Parking was a issue at some of the trials like the summit. We found a spot at the Mojave trial. And for a easy trail you get a good workout. Some of parts can be quite steep and rocks can come loose. I threw a few over and out of the way of the trail so no one would slip. People there tend to be pretty friendly. We ran into a guy once we reached the top and he gave us advice on a different route we could take on the way down. Then we ran into him again from the opposite direction and he still let us know the way to go. Very nice guy.And the view is a beautiful site. I could've sat there for hours and just took in the views of the city. I would like to try some of the other trails when parking isn't as bad. And go in the evening to see the sunset. I'm very happy I decided to switch things up from a normal workout routine and take the time to drive here. It was worth it.
5	This is one of my favorite mountains to hike. It can be a challenging, but it's so much fun. It can also get a bit crowded, but don't let that stop you. The view on top is worth it. There are tiny squirrels waiting for you to feed them at the top too. So cute. Be careful of rabies, other than that you've got a little rodent petting zoo. There's easier trails than the main one too if you're looking for something that takes less time and not as steep.
4	It's almost impossible to review an entire park like Piestewa Peak in just one hike so I'll preface this review by saying this only encompasses the 32nd St Trailhead and the #8A Quartz Ridge Trail. Evidently this is my sister's go-to spot for a quick and (relatively) easy hike by her house. Here's a breakdown:Parking- There's a parking lot off N 32nd St & E Lincoln Rd on E Sierra Vista Dr that holds maybe 20-25 cars and fills up pretty quickly according to my sis. She usually just skips it and heads straight for the shopping center across the way.Restroom- There are no restrooms at the 32nd St Trailhead, but there are park restrooms on E Squaw Peak Dr, but I would just ignore those and head for the Starbucks in the aforementioned shopping center--evidently they don't mind since a preponderance of their business seems to be hikers.Trails- The trails themselves are in pretty rough shape and have lots of loose rocks and jagged edges that create a pretty hazardous situation if you're not watching where you're going; they're also really narrow in some spots and are barely wide enough for an adult.  Unfortunately you find yourself staring at the ground 90% of the time and kinda lose the fact that you're in a really beautiful area. Scenery- Excellent scenery with lots of different cacti scattered throughout the trail; great views of Downtown Phoenix; and there's even a decent view of Camelback Mountain. Not much shade here, but you're in the Sonoran Desert so bring a hat and some water. Difficulty- On a scale of 1-10 I'd rate this at a 4 for an adult and maybe an 8 for kids. My 3-year-old did most of it on his own and I only had to carry him over a few really rough patches--but he's a more experienced hiker than some adults. There's also the weather here in AZ that could add a +3 to all those numbers but we lucked out and went on a spectacular Spring Day. I really wanted to give this trail a 3-star rating but I had a hard time justifying that in my head because we all had a good time and the views are definitely worth the effort. The 32nd St Trailhead gets a thumbs up from yours truly.
5	I have only hiked three times so far and have yet to make it to the top. Most people on the trail are very friendly.  There are old, young, black, white,  brown, handicap, healthy.  It's a real challenge. My friend says her mother can hike all the way to the top in 26 mins. It takes me 2 hours to get back to my car from wherever I stop. I WILL MAKE IT ONE DAY!
5	This hiking trail is a bit of a challenge. Last 10% is very steep. Bring a lot of water!!! Parking sucks in the morning. Overall nice hike.
5	my favorite hike in the area! i love how simple it is, yet how unique the landscape is! you go past water, large rocks, narrow paths, and wide more manicured paths. it's not difficult, but a good work out, and definitely worth the drive a little outside of the city!
5	One if my favorite bikes, great Beja and just enough cardio!! High recommend and very busy at times
5	Camelback Mountain is Phoenix's most popular hike....Piestewa Peak is Phoenix's best. Less crowded, less dangerous, and more rewarding at the top this is a trail I would do again in a heartbeat. The beginning can feel a lot like a giant stairmaster but toward the summit the trail gets really cool. Found a really good description of the trail here if you're looking for more info http://www.fuistetravels.com/mountains/camelbackmountain
5	The first time you hike to the summit, it will kick your butt. I was lapped by a man about 30 years older than me (who, in my defense, was training to hike the Grand Canyon). Towards the top, there are railings to grab because it is so steep and rocky. But the view at the top is worth a million bucks, and you'll feel like a million bucks when you get to the bottom! It gets easier each time you do it :)
4	My wife and I climbed Piestewa Peak for her 40th bday on a hot July morning.  While I wouldn't recommend it as leisurely climb for most, if you are used to moderately strenuous workouts in the heat, and have plenty of water and a snack, you should be fine.  I was impressed by the view at the top, and can understand why it is a favorite for the locals.  Get an early start thought, because you won't find much, if any, shade on this climb.
4	Situated just north of the Biltmore, Piestewa Peak (formerly Squaw Peak) offers a magnificent view of the valley. The summit is quite accessible for even a novice climber willing to make the trek to the top. Just be careful to watch your step, especially coming down, because the rocks can be slippery and unstable in certain places. I've rolled my ankle a time or two trying to sprint down the last part of the path. Give yourself about 1.5-2 hrs from the parking lot. Piestewa is an easier climb than Camelback mountain, but more difficult than North and South Mountain. The parking is also very good. When you drive in through Squaw Peak Drive, keep your eyes pealed on the left and right for various openings. Turnover is pretty quick especially during "peak" hours. If you're interested in an insane Arizona bucket list challenge, check out the Phoenix Summit Challenge (http://www.azpra.org/PSC). Complete anywhere from 4-7 of AZ's finest hills in less than 11 hours! You'll find Piestewa Peak on the list.
3	Piestewa Peak is okay if you want a quick cardio work out!  What I like about this hike is it's local and easy.  If I want to get outside and do something active, I'll choose Piesteway Peak or Camelback.What I don't like about it, is it's heavily populated and not all people have the ability or stamina to hike this local hike, thus if the trail gets narrow, you're stuck behind someone.
5	What a workoutI had some out of town guest who are passionate about hiking and wanted to hike Piestewa Peak. I have climbed this peak several times and know just how challenging the hike can be, especially when the it is still in the 90's and in the middle of the day but we decided to give it a shot.Piestewa is a great hike (workout), but worth it for its seneic beauty. Piestewa has a lot of steep, stair-like ups and downs that can be hard on the knees and ankles, so if you are expecting a hike up smooth paved trail, Piestewa may not be the hike for you. If you decide to take the challenge, take water, lots of water and be up for the challenge, and enjoy the view!
5	First and only hike in Arizona. Watched the sunset and it had stunning views. You can literally see all of the Greater Phoenix Area. Highly recommended, especially since its free.
5	Great hike....fairly steep which allows for an excellent leg workout.   I was dripping sweat by the time I reached the top!!! Beautiful views as well.
4	I like to hike here as it is not as steep as the Camelback.My daughter was five when she first made it to the top. At that time it took her 60 mins one way but she did it in 40 mins today.This summit course was my fall back plan whenever I couldn't find a parking at the Camelback while I was training. I seemed to find a parking here and most I had to wait was 5 mins.  1.2 miles one way and about 20-25 mins to get to the top gave me the workout I needed.There is no public bathroom near the parking, otherwise, I would hike twice to get the workout I wanted. On sunny clear day, the view from the summit is beautiful. I can see as far as the four peaks mountain.
4	Great place to hike! I'm out of practice but made it to the top, which was so worth it!  Definitely very crowded, but filled with like- minded, kind people. There are no bathrooms. Even so, bring plenty of water. This is a steep, rocky hike, which took more out of me than expected. I had extra water in the car, but next time will carry more with me.
4	This is a nice, steep, 1 mile hike that will give you a great workout. It's pretty rocky, and there's a few benches along the way to the top that you can use to rest. Like other people have mentioned, I would recommend light hiking shoes instead of heavier boots as this terrain is difficult and can wear out your knees and ankles - the extra weight of a heavy shoe doesn't help.Bring some water and try to go early on the weekend or any time during the week to avoid a ton of people.
