1	Yuck...Alright I don't complain about much...No really!! Check my posts... it could be construed I am overly positive... That's why this place needed to be reviewed, because I can't be positive about this place. Not even a little... Here is why:So I get into a little fender-bender and I drop my car off to get it fixed by the insurance company. I pick literally the closest place to the shop because well all car rental places are the same eh? Not so my friend... I have never seen a more ghetto, backroom operation in my whole life.So the place is in this non-descript dirty little building in an industrial area in Tempe. That is nothing to bitch about but the dingy little office INSIDE...frankly made me want to take a shower.There is one person doing everything and it took over an hour to be out the door with the car. The car I got was not washed. It smelled like someone smoked in it for weeks with the windows rolled up and left burning cigarettes burning in it while they were sleeping at night. They knew it was through insurance , so I am not sure why they gave me a car that was more than ANY insurance would actually pay leaving me with a bill of over 200 bucks after the insurance. There was a snag with my insurance initially which has nothing to do with them... but I did get a call from them after I turned in the car, asking me to pay again ( after I paid out of pocket) ... apparently there is no office memos or communication in that office.Yeah that's it...but for as something as simple a renting a car they sure managed to make it a spectacular screw-up, and probably the worst experience I have ever really had renting a car. I would certainly look to other places if you are forced to rent in that neighborhood.
4	I wouldn't normally write a review about renting a car but the customer service at this location was great.  I've never had a problem with Enterprise, but this office is always very friendly and a couple times I've gotten a free upgrade.  Just nice to have a good experience even when dealing with little stuff like car rental.
4	I made a reservation for a compact car for 1 week. Upon checking in the customer service reps told me that they didn't actually have a compact but would upgrade to the next size for no additional charge. I was very pleased with the customer service, all three of the reps that I had the pleasure of working with were extremely pleasant and helpful, service was quick, the car was clean and in good condition and they had the lowest price I could find in my area. If/when I need to rent another vehicle I will definitely be coming back here.
3	In a nutshell, most car rentals are about the same.  But great customer service makes all the difference.  The location of this place is almost eerie if you ask me.  It's so nondescript that you could mistaken it for anything else but a rental place.  The first time I tried to pick up my rental, I had no idea that I had to bring at least three docs showing proof of address because I was using a debit card.  Because I was in need of a car, I reluctantly got on their computer system to logon to my bank accounts to show them some bank statements.  I was uncomfortable doing that and I wish they made that clear for debit card users.  Since they are so close to my home, I still go there when my car is in the shop.  But they don't offer the best customer service. Recently, they were short one person and I had to wait around while they scrambled to answer the phones, drive another customer back, clean a car and still attend to me.  It was a little unnerving.
4	I rented several times from this location. The staff members were always friendly and came to recognize me as a customer over time. I did not have any hassles with getting the right car, pricing, damage, insurance, etc. Wait times were reasonable to none at all on my visits for both pickup/returns and handling the transaction itself. I do recommend avoiding peak times, which seem to be at opening, closing, and lunch. This location can get very busy. Around 10-11am worked very well on my visits as this appears to be a less busy time.
5	Rented an auto from this shop and was TOTALLY satisfied.  Landed at PHX and took a taxi to the shop ($25 incl tip).  John greeted me by name and had the auto ready.  Rented the auto for 8 days and returned it and took the taxi back to the airport.  Entire rental was a good experience.  A whole lot cheaper than renting at the airport (due to the airport taxes-which are not charged by off-airport units)
3	They need to get more people, the one guy that was there was working his but off! Unfortunately there was just too many people there for one guy to help efficiently.
3	I don't care about the wait time as long as you keep up with those weekend specials! If you expect to be in your car 10 minutes after you arrive, don't come here. But the staff is friendly and the deals can be great. I have had great service except for one bald guy who works there. He treated me as if I was a moron because I am young-ish. Didn't have the heart to tell him that I am a biology PhD student and have rented cars many times for research. Worst customer service rep I have encountered in a while. Enterprise, you can find someone better to replace him with. Otherwise, I dig this place!
5	Great service, reasonable rates.
5	I've used this location quite a few times and haven't received the customer service like I did this last weekend. After being bounced around to 2 different locations, Tyler accommodated my rental and got me on my way! I really appreciated the staff going above and beyond to make sure I could still make it to California to surprise my parents!
5	Great Customer Service!! The only location and car rental company we will use whenever we need a car or pick-up truck. Brian and his Staff are always top notch. If there is a problem, it's corrected ASAP.
5	Brian and his team are extremely friendly. They attend to your concerns and solve them. I love renting cars from this location. Any day!
