5	Foothills Pediatrics is a wonderful practice. I have been taking my three children there for over 4 years. While the wait times can be long, I find waiting to be well worth it. Dr. Conti is a caring, funny, and very professional doctor. My kids love him! I think he is very attentive and I have always felt that he pays attention to everything I have to say. He remembers who we are every time we come in (which I have found to be a rare thing with some doctors). We have never had trouble getting a last minute "sick" visit appointment. We have also had the pleasure of seeing Dr. Malixi,  and Dr. Garcia. They are both excellent doctors. The nurses are all very kind and willing to help out. I recently took all three girls for a checkup and two of them needed shots. The nurses helped calm my little ones down, and even watch two of my girls while my third daughter was having a meltdown about her shots! The front office staff is pleasant and very efficient. I would highly recommend Foothills Pediatrics!
4	I've been going to Foothill Peds since I was pregnant.  Yeah, I'm the Mom who interviewed pediatricians when I was preggo.  I've been to several locations St Rose, Maryland Pkwy, etc and this one is the best.  For the last 3 years or so we only go to this location.  Dr Faro is here full time now.  Only once have we had another Dr and that was on Dr Faro's birthday.  Hey, the man deserves his birthday off.  I never have any trouble getting in asap for a sick visit and even well visits they always offer to get me in right away even though I am usually calling in early (a month before they are due for a well check).  Thats a big plus to me, especially having twins its not always easy to get two appts together quickly,  We never have a problem waiting, even when they squeeze us in for a sick visit they call us back super fast.  They have 2 waiting rooms a sick side and a well side.  The Maryland Pkwy office didn't have that when we went there.  You don't want your kids getting sick from a well check. The nurses are great.  We especially love John. He is awesome. We always hope he calls our name.  The only issue I have ever had is the girl at the front desk was really, really unpleasant.  Like really.  I don't know if she didn't like her job or we always caught her on a bad day but the last few times we have been there she hasn't been there so I'm thinking (and hoping) she isn't there anymore.  The other girls in the office are so nice they do make up for her.
1	Very poor "customer service"..Use to like this place, I come since over a year for my son and every time doctor Faro is between 30' and 1 hour late but it's like that everywhere I suppose.Today I take my morning off, have an appointment  at 9:10 am, arrive late at 9:30 am, my bad and I agree I'm the first to blame, but they refuse to take my son just for a shot (not even a check-up) and ask me to re-schedule... and there is nobody else in the waiting room..So, after a year I waited approximately 7 hours total and today you do not want my business because I'm 20 minutes late.. no problem. I'm going to give my money to somebody else..
5	Dr.Faro has been seeing my 5 kiddos for over 10 years... That says alot for me... He is the kindest and most compassionate man. One of my kiddos is special needs and he goes above and beyond to make sure she has all the equipment she needs. His office staff works so hard with my insurance company and liz has written countless letters to help us get nursing hours and medical equipment secured again for our daughter... This office, doctor and staff have truly gone out of their way countless times to accomodate the needs of our family. I couldnt imagine taking my kiddos anywhere else for a pediatrician. I have referred several friends and they too have been extremely pleased with this office and staff as well.
