2	I'm sorry to give this place two stars, but seriously - I HAVE experienced better. Growing up in Laveen, where there has never been anything but dairies and fields between my house and south Phoenix. To have four lane roads and stop lights is freakin' psycho to me!! Oh my gosh! Besides my Laveen novelty of the whole idea of having an actual resturant in our lil hick town... I do like Applebee's.You can see me there - very late at night chilling with my friends talking about God knows what enjoying appetizers and refillable sodas. Their drinks aren't anything to write home about - seriously, chili's get it better. Their appetizers aren't as weird as Chili's so I'm glad. Their decor isn't great - come on... I say Applebee's you know what I mean. But what this place DOES have going for it is it's waitstaff. They are always friendly, quick and occasionally funny. I like their staff but once in a while they have odd lil grabass competitions that I have personally shouted at them to stop. Once they didn't quit and I complained and scored a free meal! (whoo!) I think it's a nice place, but honestly - it's just your average Applebee's but trust me, there are some Applebee's where the servers are jerks, Thank goodness - this place isn't like that!!Hope to see you there!-Cher
3	Typical Applebee's, nothing special. The service is pretty good; it has drastically improved over the last year. Happy Hour specials (1/2 off appetizers & drinks) seem to be a bargain. Perfect place if you're looking for something fairly cheap in Laveen and don't want to make dinner at home.
1	I am a very easy going guy, I have been here 3 times and this place was horrible. Most of the ppl I speak to have also had bad experiences. From cold food to never not once having a decent waiter. Every few months I will try again to see if there have been improvements and still nothing.Eat at your own risk.
1	i went to this place on Saturday night and the two ghetto hostesses  literally had their heads down on the front desk. I had to ask them if they were open and they responded rudely then stared at me as if they didn't know what I wanted. I finally requested that I have a seat and I sat waiting for several minutes when I saw the waiter who looked like he was either high or very tired and not interested in working there. After I saw the first 3 employees, I decided that I was going to leave. I will never ever ever go to that Applebees.  It seemed like the place didn't have a manager on duty. Avoid this place.
4	My husband and I have been here twice since moving to Laveen in July 2010.  Both times we had good waitstaff and both times we happened to arrive during the early evening happy hour and ordered 1/2 price drinks and appetizers.  The food and drinks were both good.  This is a typical Applebee's but unlike several of the past reviewers we have yet to experience bad service here.  We would probably come here more during the 1/2 price timeframes but we like to try to experience more local restaurants too.  We will definitely be making more trips here in the future.
1	Been there twice.First time we were served cold food very late and they couldn't seem to remember that we might want our drinks refilled while we waited over an hour for our food.  And our food was not "sat too long" cold, it was "didn't bother cooking your shrimp" cold.Second time we were greeted nicely, sat down in the same section, and FIFTEEN minutes later had not given our drink order or even been looked at.  The waiter AND waitress for that section both walked by numerous times.FORGET IT.  We left.  Smiled at the hostess and said we had yet to be seen.Last trip to that Applebee's.
3	Fast service and always nice staff good food and they love us veterans!
3	OK, you should know what to expect from a chain restaurant. This location continues to deliver as expected, although the waiter staff can sometimes not be attentive enough and drinks go unfilled. It's OK food, nothing special, but again it is what you would expect. No signature dish they rave about.
3	Crapplebee's....that's what my friends and I call this place.  Unfortunately, it's one of the only restaurants in Laveen, so we keep dragging ourselves back there, just because we are lazy and are sick of McDonald's.  Food is hit or miss.  You may wonder why they keep changing their menu, it's because their food is usually horrible, so they have to.  The food is not horrendous, and it's priced ok, so that is why we keep going back.Oh yeah, AVOID the karaoke nights.  Actually, no, if you wan't a good laugh, you should go.  It was a lot of Barry Manilow, and slow, soul music, and horrible music.  It gave my friends and I some well-needed drunken entertainment.
5	Meal came quick, hot and very friendly service. Got seated immediately.
2	So I'm sure everyone has been to an Applebees in their lifetime. This particular location has terrible customer service! I've been there a few times hoping their customer service improves and only because it is a close location to where I live and for their happy hour. When you walk in you normally have to eye down the hosts or waiters to know that you are there waiting. Rarely is there anyone greeting you. They take a while with their food even when it's not busy, and their food is typically really salty. I wouldn't recommend this location, only if you're desperate for some cheap drinks during happy hour.
4	Food was cooked well and the service was fast and good.  It was not very busy for a Thursday night so we were able to get in and out while still enjoying our meal.
2	Service wasn't great and very slow.  I ordered a simple plate of steak and potatoes. The steak was over cooked and dry. The potatoes were under cooked and bland. Only good thing on my plate was the vegetable sides.
4	I go there most Friday nights with my husband.  We always sit at the bar.  Everyone is very friendly, and you never have to wait very long for your food or for drinks.  We take people when they come in for out of town, and they cannot believe how friendly all the waiters and bar staff are.  The downside, sometimes the welcome staff are not that friendly.
5	I have gotten take out service a few times, the latest this weekend, and everything has been great. Food order was correct and warm, server was professional. No complaints.
1	The waiter was super friendly and nice however the restaurant was empty, took almost and hour to get any food, when food came sides were missing and one of the dishes had been reheated causing the cheese to harden horribly. In speaking to the manager, manager was pompous and arrogant towards my mother. Asked to get a comment card and manager got defensive and accusatory
1	Yuck, this place is gross. Not only is the food sub-par, cold, and flavorless.. it turns into a rauchy "club" on some nights. I don't know if all Applebee's are trying to do that or if it's just a horrid decision from this one, but I'll never go back. I wish it would shut down and a Chili's built in it's wake. If I'm gonna have chain food I at least want it to taste consistently good and NO nasty skanky "club" nights. *gag*
1	Local residents in a small town 30 minutes south west of downtown Phoenix are ecstatic about the new changes that have been taking place at their local Applebee's in Laveen, Arizona. Super Official News stopped by the restaurant this weekend to investigate further what's making this hot spot so popular.Restaurant manager Paul Horner explained just a few of the exciting changes that have been happening. "Every Friday and Saturday while we have our live Jimmy Buffet tribute band or gangster rap playing at full volume over the speakers from 3pm-2am, during breaks in the music, I've been letting my 8-year old son bang on his drum set that I just bought him for his birthday last month," Horner said. "We also just got two new microwaves to cook all the food that is on the menu. We named them 'Chef 1 and 'Chef 2, Horner laughs. "Preparing your steak how you want it will now be easier than ever! We also changed out the drainage system around the bar area so it doesn't smell like urine and human feces as much anymore."Local resident Michael Spielman says he just loves the new changes at the Applebee's in Laveen. "They repaved the parking lot and I even heard they added new insulation to the roof of the building. Also, they have installed new air conditioning vents above every table that blow out the coldest air you've ever felt in your entire life. It's like traveling to Antarctica, but you're actually in Laveen! How cool is that, no pun intended," Spielman laughs. "Also I noticed there is more free mints and toothpicks when I walk in. Rip-roaring good times have come to Laveen!"Gerald Byrnes who has been a server since the restaurant opened two years ago gave us some inside information on the appetizers and beverages. "No longer will our cold rubbery cheese sticks and alcoholic beverages that have no alcohol in them take an hour to arrive at your table. We have cut all our times down to 50 minutes or less or you get another alcoholic beverage with no alcohol in it free of charge! How awesome is that!"Horner was more than happy to explain their new menus and additional usages. "Instead of 7-9 different menus per person we are now giving each diner 19 different menus of various sizes and colors to browse through. It will all be the same food but now just more spread out to make things more fun," Horner said. "Also to keep our customers safe, we are upgrading the menus to a type of plastic recently invented by NASA that has corners that can cut through glass. If the need ever comes up to fight off an attacker, our menus will work better than a machete."Assistant manager Joyce Barth explained some of the other exciting new changes that have been made to improve the restaurant. "Our greeters and servers will no longer speak urban slang and other forms of language that make it difficult to understand when trying to order food," Barth says. "We have put each and every one of our employees through a rigorous 36-week course on how to properly speak to a customer in a language that can be understood by both the young and old." Barth continued, "When greeted at the front, no longer will you hear the familiar shouting of, 'Oh lawd, it's you folks again! Well git on in here and I'll get your seats right now! Not sure what's good right now for sitting, lemme check real quick for yall. You hang tight and chill, I be back after I git this figured out. I'll hit up my girlfriend Yolanda, she's one of the dish washers but she always has the down low on seats that aren't already taken up by some other fools'. This will now be replaced by, 'Hello and welcome to Applebee's. Would you like a table or a booth?'"Horner told Super Official News that because of all these great new changes at his restaurant, unfortunately there will come sacrifices. "In addition to raising prices on all of our food* because of Obamacare and firing employees so we don't have to provide them with health care, we will also be forced to raise prices to cover all the costs of these new and exciting changes. But I think everyone in Laveen will agree that it's worth it the next time they come in for lunch or dinner or just to get a drink with no alcohol in it."From Applebee's in Laveen to your family: We know in Laveen you have no options for good food so when you're starving, and you have no food left in your house and the grocery stores are closed, head on over to Applebee's. We'll make sure you have the worst f*cking dining experience ever!
2	Exactly, Meh, I've experienced better. I really try to avoid negative reviews, but this one was needed. Your sit down choices in Laveen are limited to Native New Yorker, a handful of Mexican dives, and of course the local Applebee's (hurry up Barros Pizza!) Twice we ordered curbside and twice they got it wrong. Both times portions of the meal were missing, not only did we wait 10 more minutes than promised, we waited 10 more minutes for the missing food! Also disappointed potato skins were taken off menu.
4	Great place on Thursday karaoke reverse happy hour. Try to make it every Thurs.
1	Living in Laveen I want to support the local establishments. However, I would rather drive to Apache Junction then eat here again. The food is over priced mediocre at best. The employees all speak and act as though your in some bad gang movie, all the time touting there new renovations. The place still screams nasty dark truck stop, the Appelbees Corp needs to get a Handel on this ASAP.
5	Im a huge applebees fan, only the happy hour tho lol. I have been to alot around the valley and i just moved to laveen, and this one is the best one i have ever been to. this place is 2.3 miles away from man that's just amazing for me...
4	I almost feel strange giving this Applebee's a favorable review. Judging from previous reviews local residents hate this place, but I feel compelled to be honest.We were in town visiting. Decided to have an early Saturday night dinner.Pleasant looking restaurant.Inside the air conditioning did catch our attention. 120 degrees outside contrasted sharply with near 70 degrees inside. Brr-rrr-rrrr . . . But that wasn't a negative. Didn't take long to get used to the frigid atmosphere.After a pleasant greeting we were seated and within minutes our server took drink orders.Lemonade and ice tea arrived right away. Received a new lemonade from our attentive waitress when my glass emptied.We ordered Steak and Shrimp combo, Won Ton Tacos and Lettuce Wedge topped with Green Goddess dressing sprinkled with toasted Pecan & Bacon bits. Tasty shrimp. Tough steak. Tacos and lettuce to die for. We'll order the noteworthy appetizers again and again. Nice flavor, fresh and light.
1	Bad food, bellow average service.
1	Last night was the first time we went to Applebee's in Laveen, to sum it up quickly.Horrible.Appetizer = Microwaved buffalo wings that had turned cold again, served with old cheese stuck to the plate, when cheese doesn't come with the wings.Bourbon Chicken and Shrimp = Chicken tasted like salmon, shrimp was cold, and the mushrooms tasted like they skipped the cleaning process.We had 2 bites to eat and decided to ask for the check, waitress asked if we wanted boxes..... We quickly said no, she showed no concern to ask about if anything was wrong with our food, said okay and brought back the check.Put the check on the table and walked off, not a word.Came back and grabbed check with payment, not a word.Brought receipt for signature, not a word.Since she cared about our food and experience, I showed the same respect in her tip.We left, not a word more than I wrote on the receipt telling them to step their game up.We are not going to be going back to this Applebee's...I can't even say "not anytime soon" because it is beyond that and is now NEVER
2	Waited 15 minutes for someone to even come and greet us and take our drink order.  Never a good experience here
4	Ok...here goes:We ordered the appetizer sampler and EVERYTHING WAS JUST RIGHT!! We have all had that one platter where some stuff is under-cooked and the rest mediocre, right? Not this time...My son ordered the Quesidilla Burger...nice presentation, I wish I had thought to snap pics before we all started. He said it was cooked just right.My mother had a turkey & avocado sandwich with fries...huge sandwich that I seriously doubt she will finish. (Great--there's lunch).I ordered something from the low calorie selections...don't remember it's name, but it had a steak, potatoes, stuffed portabello mushroom cap with spinach and Parmesan cheese. It tasted great.Overall I gave it 4 stars only because 1) the air was cranked up and I was cold most of the time2) my plate didn't look as appetizing as it tasted..again steak was well seasoned3) the calorie counts were on a sheet that the server had to bring to me....overdue for them to have all of that info ON THE MENU.But I will certainly come again!
2	I just left and man the server was so horrible!  I don't want to be mean or rude but I find when I have older server's they don't "hear" you good. I came to relax and enjoy a nice margarita with my meal. Ugh! I eas seated server took ten mins I gave her my order and waited another 15 mins for my appetizer to come still no drink ::Sigh:: couple min later drink comes..and eww the glass was sticky and dirty I had to pour my drink in the martini glass? Ok?  Serving a margarita in a martini glass?! Whatever .. let it slide.. then I'm sipping and then I swallowed something strange.. I called the server over she doesn't even seem to care nor believe I swallowed a strange object that was in the glass I had to ask her to bring me a new drink with a CLEAN glass.. another couple mins ..new drink. Glass is still dirty I had to wipe myself!  And its already been 40 mins no food call over the manager explains what happens. . Dude pulls server she didn't "hear" my entree... great! At this point I lost my cool i just decided to pay for the lousy margatini lol whatever that thing was and my appetizer . At least the manager just told me it was no charge for it. I would avoid going here lol I should of went to like native new yorker or chipolte. Sucks laveen has no nice restaurants
1	2/$24 deal sucked! I got the Cajun shrimp pasta. Noodles were old and were like eating cardboard. Server had bad attitude when I told him my food was not good at all. Boneless chicken wings were good. That's the only + I can give this place. Thi is my second time eating here since moving to Laveen. I won't be returning. GARBAGE FOOD!
1	Poor management and not at all customer friendly. Waited 20 minutes last night while seven empty tables stacked with dirty plates not cleared to make room for new customers. Left hungry and disgusted. We went across street to Native New Yorker where we were immediately greeted and given a table and drinks served quickly. The food and atmosphere was exceptional!  This Applebee's location lost my business and my respect. If I could rate zero stars I would.
1	Terrible service from bartender. Order a perfect margarita came out tasting like water sent it back he says it will taste the same have her order something else. Fool I can hear you sorry ass. Will be taking my business up the street. Damn I loved this place crystal or server was outstanding. Manager is an asshole too.
1	Terrible service! I had to ask the waitress for napkins three times, instead of bringing the napkins she went and sat at a booth with some customers. I had to get up and get my own napkins. When I paid, she didn't bring me a receipt back and the change was incomplete. This place just keeps getting worse.
1	This is the worst Applebee's I have ever been to! Are friends and I decided to go out for some drinks on a Saturday night, which was last week. As we arrived we saw many parties walking out stating the service was horrible, any-who, we decided to stay. We waited 45min to be seated. When we looked around all the food and plates were left in the tables, very unorganized, that being said, we asked to be seated towards the back to avoid seeing the mess in the tables. Our waiter greets us, he seemed overwhelmed and not into what he was doing, in other words horrible customer service. We asked for our drinks and appetizers, 30min later our appetizers are brought to us (we still have not received our drinks) we were looking for our waiter and he was nowhere to be seen, 15 min later another waiter comes to our table asking what we wanted to drink, I was in shock yet unhappy. The waiter states "oh, sorry your previous waiter walked out." We were all so upset and wanted to leave but, it was already 11 something, we mighty as well stay. The waited takes forever to bring our drinks. We finally ordered and my husband ordered a 9oz steak's medium rare and he was brought back literally a 5oz steak it was tiny!! We asked the waiter to take it back as we asked for a 9oz steak. They finally come out and bring it to him as he is cutting it open blood squirts out. The steak was not cooked at all!!!!! It was the most disgusting thing ever, the steak has blood!! We call the manager Rodrigo and he had the nerve to argue with us and state that is how we ordered our steak, my husband ordered his steak to be cooked medium (pink in the middle) not squirting blood and not being cooked at all. My husband lost his appetite and did not eat at all. The manager did not ever apologize for the inconvenience we had, it was the worst experience ever. The funny part was that the party next to us had the same problem, they called the manager because there food was not cooked. I can't believe there can be these type of managers where they cannot have a restaurant running smoothly and having so many customers unsatisfied. People do not go to this Applebee's I literally recommend for this restaurant to be closed because it can say this Applebee's will now have the worst reputation! And I honestly lost interest in going to an Applebee's due to this terrible experience!
1	Horrible place to go, waited for seats and when we did get seated, we waited. No one took our drink orders, we had to ask for our waiter and she just walked right past us. I seen enough waiters to help but I seen one person working and it look like the manager. Poor Service, last time I'll ever go there
1	The only reason they are getting 1 star is because you can't select 0 .... But their service here is absolutely HORRIBLE!! We sat for 15 minutes with no one coming for our drink order even after going to the bar to ask for a waiter we waited another 5 minutes and all they did was stare at us.. Needless to say we got up and left . Spend your money some where else!
4	First time at this Applebee's. Had trepidation about the service, based on previous reviews. Service was just fine, with quick seating, friendly greeting and just the right amount of attention. My wife ordered the Seasonal Berry and Spinach Salad and wine while I had the 4 Cheese Mac & Cheese with Honey Pepper Chicken Tenders and a Strawberry Lemonade. The salad was fresh and light but they forgot the pecans. My wife always likes crunch with her salads, so that was a key missing piece for her. My entree was tasty but needed help. The cheese sauce was so thin that it didn't cling to the pasta. Also the chicken was SO sweet that the flavor of the chicken (and pasta) got lost. The breadstick was a nice touch, as it was very similar to the mouth watering Olive Garden bread. Not a bad meal, just needed some tweaking to the recipe. We will try Applebee's again, but not the Mac 'N Chicken.
1	The reviews are on point! By far the WORST Applebee's experience EVER!! I did read the reviews but the place was recommended by a friend so I thought I'd give it a try. We got seated fairly quickly so I was hopeful but I realized it's because nobody comes here. I've never been to an Applebee's happy hour that was dead.  I waited over 5 minutes for beer and had to remind the server that I ordered it.Appetizers  were not brought out at the same time. Our friends got their wings before us. Not to mention they totally forgot about our Mozzarella sticks. Had to remind the server about those after our meals were brought out. Which also weren't brought out at the same time. The food was bleh. Waited over an hour for a sandwich!  There was no silverware on the table so when we asked for silverware the server said the had no rolled silverware. She threw napkins & silverware on table. Really? They couldn't have rolled the silverware? It's not like it was busy. I waited so long for my second beer that I actually had to go to the bar to ask for it. By far hands down the worst Applebee's experience ever! Do not waste you $ on this poor establishment.
1	Service was really slow and our server didn't attend us much. Chips were stale and dip was cold. We got an incomplete appetizer plate. Our table was filled with empty glasses of water and plates because server wouldn't pick them up. Took 10 minutes to get a drink refill. Server didn't know the difference between the diet drink and regular that she had in her hand, so she sniffed the drink and gave us the wrong one. Never again am I going to this location, it has been the worst service ever.
5	Great service! people are real friendly.Always have my drink filled Great music in backgroundPlenty of TV to watch gamesManagement looks like they are involved and helping
1	Horrendous and unfriendly service. Came in tonight as we had wanted Applebee's for some time now and thought it would be a good experience. The waitress was rude and short with us and everything but friendly. I get it, working in food service sucks but there's a reason you're working there. If you hate it then do something about it, don't treat your customers who determine your tip like crap. We will NEVER be going back here even if it is minutes from our home. How disappointing.
1	I would give this location zero stars if I could. I sat there for over 20 minutes as 5 servers helped the people around me, including folks who got sat after me and not once did any of them acknowledge my presence. It was not busy at all. I ended up walking out. I won't ever return here due to the terrible service.
5	I am in town on a business trip and this place is awesome. The prices are wonderful as are the drinks. The quality of the food is wonderful as is the service that is provided. They are open late and even have karaoke! This will surely be a go to spot when I am in town for now on.
1	The food was terrible, and service was terrible. We were charged for food that we were never served nor ever ordered.
1	Service was horrible tonight.  Very nice people just very slow.  Ordered appetizer and meal.  Meal came but no appetizer.  Manger came said he would put appetizer order in on him.  Appetizer came out without all the sauces mentioned and well after I was done with meal.  Received bill and should have received 10& off for veteran's appreciation....received no discount,and were billed for both meals plus the appetizer.  This place needs some serious work.  Nice people but severely lacking in service. Horrible since the options in Laveen are limited.
3	Ate here the other night, neighborhood spot. They now have jukebox and music was so loud we were at table in the bar closest to the juke box, don't recommend if your going to communicate don't sit at that table or near it. Service great food worth the money.
