5	After discovering my side yard flooded due to a leak from the irrigation system, I knew my man card did not extend to knowing how to locate and repair the problem. The lady at my dry cleaners referred me to Copper Canyon after I mentioned the no-show from Cloud 9. She gave me the phone number, I called that afternoon and had an appointment scheduled a few days later. The problem was I wouldn't be in town - not that I was going to help dig a hole or check the system, but I thought I needed to be there. Not so. Tammy was very friendly, gave me an appointment and said she would contact me with a quote. She texted the information the next day and I agreed to an appointment.The company has a good reputation. They have worked on local schools, the owner of San Tan dry cleaner also stated he uses them and gives them a high recommendation. Tammy stated that they do several properties in my neighborhood and are out every week. When I returned I was pleased with the maintenance completed on the front and back yard (I was surprised to see they even mowed the yard), and I have not seen any flooding in the yard since they came out. Rather than digging up the entire yard and looking for a leak, it turned out to be two broken sprinkler heads (which I would never have looked at). A small fix for $20. Copper Canyon offers bi-weekly and monthly maintenance options, will design landscaping, add/remove plants and install barbeque features. I am glad that I found this company and will continue to use them on a monthly basis.
2	Thought I would give them a call after Mark T's glowing review!I needed service done on a rental property in the Queen Creek area and thought, since they are local to give them a call. I spoke to Tanya and she was pleasant and said they would send someone right over to have a quote done on the property.I did let her know that my house is on what they call a Z lot - so a super small front yard and small back yard almost townhomeish - but it's a single family home for people who don't want to deal with a yard! BINGO - that's for me! Anyway I've had landscapers out before I pay maybe 50 dollars, and that's because it's their minimum - I had a great landscaper that retired who only charged me 35 because it's so tiny and I MISS HIM SO MUCH! Well all in all - they called back with a quote - $100 for the front yard $75 for the back!! WTFrick??? Did you look at my house? There is practically NO YARD!Sorry - it just seemed as if they were taking advantage of me - I don't have millions of dollars to spend on landscaping and I want a service I can trust.But if you have 175  to spend on a yard feel free to contact them!
1	They cleaned up my neighbors yarn and blew a bunch of stuff into my yard.  They also left a bunch of tree trimmings in my back yard.  Thanks guys.
4	Despite several scheduling changes and problems, the crew did a fantastic job and the work that was done was more than reasonable in cost. I would recommend them; however, you will need to be flexible with when they arrive and receiving a call back to tell you when you are on their books to arrive.
