5	I made a yelp profile just so I could leave this place an awesome review. I was so busy, but had to get my nails done TODAY and I showed up at 7 (which is when they close).  There were people inside still getting their nails done and I asked if they were still willing to help me. They were totally gracious and gave me the spa treatment without complaint or groaning.  We were all even joking around about the tv show that was playing.  They charged a little bit more than I'm used to, but it didn't bother me only because they provide amazing service. Overall, they were really nice and did an awesome job on my nails despite having to stay open later! THANKS DREAM NAILS :)
5	Great place for an afternoon Mani/Pedi. Very Clean. Friendly staff. I would recommend.
5	They have tons of colors for you to choose from.  Also, I get gel manicures as well and they have a good color assortment for that too.  I've been going to Denise or if she's not there the owner Tommy is always great too.  I've fallen asleep many times in the massage chair :)
5	Lisa RAWKS. She's like.... OCD with getting you perfect nails. Unlike other nail techs I've been to in other shops, she really times how long your nails are under the UV lamp. She's a perfectionist and I love her. My nails always look the best when I have her do them for me. Anytime I go to another shop for sheer convenience I almost always regret it and miss my lil Lisa!
1	The only positive thing about my experience at Dream Nails was the great color selection. I received arguably the worst pedicure of my life at this place. The woman doing my nails seemed bothered that I had come in and rushed through the pedicure. I asked her if she could clip them a little and she said, no, she was just going to file them. I asked her again and she simply sighed at me. It was rushed and  overall, just a poor job. The polish was thick in some spots and there were visible marks in the polish before I even left the chair. Not surprisingly, the polish began to chip the very next day. I paid more than I usually do for a pedicure that was absolutely worse than usual. I will not be returning to Dream Nails.
1	Homegirl made me bleed during the pedicure and when I pointed it out to her, she said, "well, you wanted me to cut the nail short." Oh no no no, sweetie, if you cut me, that's it. You're dead to me.
1	I choose to use Yelp a lot and find other peoples reviews very informative yet also very biased at times.  I have also never taken the time to write a review until now.  So here we go...My boyfriend and I had brunch then I suggested we go get pedicures and make a lovely day out of our Sunday.  He declined yet graciously offered to pay for me to get my toes done.  Although disappointed he didn't want to enjoy the wonderful luxuries of a pedicure and the fact that his toe nails needed it, I quickly responded with a grateful thank you. He then began to tell me about where his ex got her nails done, he apologized for bringing her up but I responded "It's all good babe, I want to know where she went because both of you had lived in this town more than me and know the ins and outs of great places."  So he brings me to "Dream Nails." He praises the owner Tommy is the best, his wife, mother, all the staff are the best in Las Vegas and that he has gotten numerous pedicures from them and his ex was very happy too.  I was reluctant because it seems in this town that nail places are so hit and miss along with the technicians but I was not going to turn down a sweet gesture from my boyfriend on this lovely Sunday.  I go into the ladies room, he leaves, I pick out my color and then sit in the pedicure chair.  The water is luke warm, no biggie, it can always be warmed up.  I ask what kind of pedicures they have, the girl responds "regular pedicure."  I respond "yes and what does that include? And has he already paid for it?" She says "regular pedicure with massage."  I ask her what's included in the spa pedicure?  She responds "Salt scrub, foot mask and hot towel, $10 more."  She had no clue if he had paid already, I asked again, then she found out he had not.  I asked to pay the difference which would have totaled their "Deluxe Pedicure" out at $35 which I was excited about.  I asked her to run my card now so my boyfriend wouldn't get upset.  I have her help and get in and cut out my ingrown toenails, I have to have my toe nails very short or else they hurt.  I've always been a difficult patron for pedicures because I want them so short and most technicians will not cater to what I want and then I end up butchering them later on at home because I'm in so much pain.  She does a great job getting rid of my in growns, filing them short, removing excess skin, etc.  Then the Deluxe part comes and I'm so excited... She applies a light layer of salt scrub, massages for at most 1-2 minutes which I felt was no big deal, the main massage comes at the end with the lotion.  I don't remember if she used the razor file before or after the scrub but she was efficient.  She then applied the mask but only to part of my foot but at this point my boyfriend had returned and was talking to me about tanning packages at this salon he has went to in the past, (since I am a spray tanner only) and was going over pricing with me.  I also didn't want to come off as if I was bitching or complaining about his generosity to the girl who didn't apply much of the mask.  Then the hot towel came, it wasn't on for long, she then wrapped my toes and painted them.  She did an alright job of painting them but now that I look at them, they are not even and do not look that good.  Now to the REALLY bad part....She filed so deep and/or too much and it now feels as if the bottoms of my feet re sunburnt,.  It hurts too much to walk right now, my feet feel so raw.  She also didn't put any lotion on my feet or legs, so my skin is very dry after being submerged in water and being scrubbed and masked.  I returned home, again, NOT WANTING to complain to my boyfriend about his nice gesture but my feet continued to hurt more and more.  I have since put ointment on the balls and toes of my feet and wrapped them in bandaids.  It hurts too much to walk right now so I am instead laying in bed, writing this review oppose to doing cardio at LVAC.  I'm pissed off.  $40 "Deluxe Pedicure" with grat and my feet are dry, in pain, polish is not awesome and it has driven me to take the time and write this review not to mention the whole pedicure was only about 20 minutes.  I have had numerous pedicures in my lifetime and it seemed as though she was rushing through just to finish..  I'm sure they have had happy patrons but I am certainly not one of them, nor will return unless it's to get my money back or an apology for my painful feet.
