4	I have been fortunate to have great stylists for many years. Of course with great style come hefty prices. The past couple of years, I decided to cut back on many expenses in order to save some money. That's when I discovered Great Clips. The first time I walked in, I was a little nervous... (mostly because I had gone to a competitor 10 years prior which left me with a bowl cut. It was so bad that I vowed never to get a cheap hair cut again). Fortunately, the ladies at Great Clips put me at ease. Mind you that they don't do any of the crazy styles I've had in the past and they don't do color either, but what they do - basic haircuts at a killer price - they do well. So far, it seems that they hire people who actually know what they are doing and many of them have years and years of experience. the normal price is around $12 bucks. However, I usually get coupons in the mail for $4 & $6 haircuts! I used to pay around $100 a cut! I love to look good and the economy is less than fabulous. Great Clips makes looking good affordable.
5	I really like this place. I used to getting my haircut at American Male for 60 bucks, but I've recently discovered this place since my work schedule changed and I'm forced to get my haircut on the weekends. American Male is also open on the weekends and I have nothing negative to say about them, but it's much more convenient for me to go location at the last minute instead of making an appointment like I have to do at American Male.At great clips it's only about $15 for a man's haircut. Ive come to this location the last few haircuts that I've gotten and I've been fortunate enough to find a lady named Diana that does an extremely good job. Its obvious that she's been cutting hair for a long time and that she has a lot of experience. But most importantly, she's really friendly and you can tell that she really enjoys her job at great clips.Unfortunately, in the near future I'll be moving to my new home and this location will be much further then I'm going to want to travel for haircut, but if there's another location near my new home I'll be certain to check it out.Who knows, maybe I'll get lucky and Diana will move to a location closer to my area :DI won't hold my breath though :/
3	Decent cheap haircut. Always a 20-30 minute wait.  I've called and been told "no waiting"...hung up the phone...and travelled the 30 seconds to get there...only to find 7 people waiting for haircuts.  Mark is a good guy if he's working.  Good haircut and really fast. Just what I"m looking for.
5	I came and brought my boyfriend in for a haircut he really needed asap. We waited only 5min and the staff was really nice to us.I love the customer friendly and speedy haircut service. Awesome!And for 12bucks, why not?!?
5	The trick with Great Clips is finding a stylist who works with what you like. I like fun, edgy haircuts, and Malia is perfect for those. She has given me pixie cuts, assymetrical cuts, and not-super-painful growing out my hair trims and they always look fantastic. I am complimented frequently on my hair, and people are always shocked to hear that I go to Great Clips. I have only had Malia cut my hair at this location, but she is friendly, professional, and always does what I ask her to (or when I come in and say "I don't know, just make it cute," she still rocks something nice for me).
5	Had my hair cut by Christina and she was great.  Very professional and friendly.  She did a really good job and gave me some tips.  Ron Lett
5	I've been here a lot and enjoyed your services. I'd rather come here to get my haircut than go to any other haircut place. This right here is my main place for haircuts. They've earned me as customer over any other place. I'd recommend you to other people in a snap.
5	I have been going here for about 6 months now and love all the hair styles.   I got Michelle again afteronly cutting my hair once and it felt like we were long list friends.  Plus its only about 3 minutes from my house.  They are very friendly there and will be back soon.
4	This Great Clips is a very nice location.  Now, I don't go here for my regular haircuts because I usually go to a different salon for a full service experience since I usually have some dyeing action going on, but that doesn't mean I don't like Great Clips.  Here's the scoop:1. This location is very easy to get in and out of pretty quickly.  You can call ahead or use the app to add your name to the list, so you really do not have to wait, if you don't want too.2. The do awesome bang trims, as well as great full head trims if you just need a quick inch cut off in a hurry.  I haven't gotten a full on hair cut here, but I do get trims when I just can't get to my regular salon.3. Cheap with good service!  $11 for a haircut!  My hubby is here at least once a month and has always been happy with his service.  I have always had good experiences here as well with my trims.  Good service and cheap is a great combo!4. They also have some great products for sale.  If you run out of your Paul Mitchell, Redkin, Bed Head, you can pop in here and grab some more in a jiffy.So if you need a haircut or a quick trim, this is a great spot.
4	This location provided great customer experience for my 6yr old sons haircut. I appreciate the web checkin, and the friendliness of the staff. My only suggestion is that they be more attentive to customers coming in. Possible having a receptionist since it is so busy. I saw a couple of customers come and go without greeting.
4	This is definitely my go-to hairstyle/haircut place. I am definitely not a pretentious, high-maintenance girl who needs to go to salon just to get a haircut or whatever. If I find a place that'll do my haircut at a reasonable, cheap price, then that's the place that you'll find me getting my hair done at (yeah, I know.. Typical Asian).  It's a very clean place. Decent size waiting area. The stylists are okay, but my favorite one is definitely Pam. I've been coming to her for about eight years now for my haircut. So if you're looking for a stylist? She's your girl. Anyway, I don't know what I would do without this place. It's $12 for a haircut, and the wait isn't all that bad. My tip for you is to go during the weekdays in the mornings when the wait (if there is one) is twenty minutes max!
1	Don't go here. snoooty  women, it's dirty, halfast crappy haircuts,its perm stinky ventilation is non existent. its just gross, that & these women brag about doing hair for 16 + years & they still produce bad haircuts, must be so proud of their 16 years of experince haircut in 10 minutes WHEN I WALKED OUT I HAD TO GO SOMEWHERE ELSE & PAY MORE MONEY TO FIX IT!!. HORRAY!  If your a clean person who likes clean things, I bet you'd walk in here & walk right out. The only people I trust are....yep, just Melia.
4	I came here on Friday and got a haircut by a young lady, sorry I don't know her name. I have moved a lot and did not have a particular hair stylist that I go to. I have been to expensive hair stylists before but did not like what they did. This is my 2nd time here and they did a good job. I wanted a lot of layers so I can curl my hair and got exactly that. She was very nice and friendly and the place was clean. Only about 6 mins from my house. It is only $13 for a hair cut, can't beat the good service and price anywhere.
