5	Vegetarians, beware. Primetime Meat Market offers the best meats in the entire city. Unfortunately, our Vegas supermarkets don't really carry awesome meats and seafoods. Primetime took advantage of this and started its own meat and seafood specialty shop. When you walk in, let's be honest, it smells like raw meat and seafood. But hell, that's why you came, right? My usual buy is the filet and if it's super fresh, the ahi tuna. I can't even tell you how amazing both are. It is like having Morton's steak or the freshest sushi, for much cheaper, and no snooty waiter. They also have spices and seasoning for different meats, and can offer appropriate selctions for wine too. This shop has it all! They butchers are all friendly, and will answer all of your questions. If the meat isn't the freshest is can possibly be, they will tell you when to come back. They will also special order almost anything you wish, just give them plenty of time. They also cook meats for you if your in a rush. Just call in. If you are a dedicated meat eater, you can't find a better quality or selection in this town.
5	Gary owns Branded Meats, and carries the FINEST meat I've ever bought at a meat store!! Gary has over 20 yrs experience as an executive butcher for Steve Wynn, travelling the country searching for the best meat, and brings it to a little store less than a mile from my house. I can't believe that I've eaten meat from Vons, Albertsons, and other grocery stores, being told that it is actually meat. Only Gary has the real stuff -- aged meat that does not disappoint. In fact, it totally blows me away. I could not recommend more highly his rib eye, which will taste better than any other steak you've ever eaten.He also has a new website, http://www.bizglimpz.com/BrandedMeats which has a cool video of his store. Be sure to visit, but better yet, be sure to get the best meat in southern Nevada, only at Branded Meats and Deli.
3	Overpriced.Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the quality of the meat or the service provided here are bad (quite the contrary).  Instead, I just think that for the price, we should expect slightly more.  We got some American Wagyu ($30/lb), prime aged rib eye ($18/lb) and regular rib eye ($14/lb), not to mention some chipotle-jalapeno sausage ($4/lb).  While all of these meats were good, I can't justify paying that much for beef I could get cheaper at other places.   No, I'm not talking about buying "choice" (or, heaven forbid, "select") sirloin from Albertsons.  I'm talking about buying similar quality meats from Whole Foods, Village Meats or Costco.  What?  Yep, you read that right: Costco.  Costco has prime rib eye for $11/lb.  Sure, it's not aged, but neither is the "regular" rib eye from Branded Meats at $14/lb.  And the Costco version is just as tasty.  In fact, my friends and I once did a BLIND taste test between Costco's and Branded Meats' regular and prime steaks.  Costco won hands down for the regular, but Branded Meats won for prime (likely because it was aged for    28 days, whereas Costco's isn't).I'm all for supporting local small businesses, but you must nonetheless compare places like these to giant chain retailers, as that is the nature of competition.  Will I buy again from Branded Meats?  Mos def.  But only on occasions for which I will need aged beef.  For the regular stuff, I can hit up Costco.
5	I never liked steak.  No matter how you tenderized it or prepared it, the gristle was too much for me.  Then I bought filet mignon from Branded Meats - their mid-range product.  I asked for six-ounce filets - it wasn't just sitting there hoping I would buy it like in a grocery store...no, it was carved after I ordered it, fat removed save the tiniest bit of marble.  Heaven. on. the. grill.Just brushed some olive oil on it and salt and peppered it.  Melt-in-your-mouth wonderful and made me a steak believer.But only Branded Meats steak.
5	Planning a dinner party for eight, I was discussing the menu with a friend and dinner guest; he suggested I head to Branded Meats. The next morning, my cohost and I popped over there to see what all the fuss was about.The short version? Branded Meats makes me happy to be a carnivore and reiterates my oft-used celebration of being at the top of the food chain for a reason. (No, this isn't political, this is gustatory and I am a happy girl in owning that! ;))I had a difficult time not changing the menu (or adding more to it!). I still have the lamb and veal chops in my head. They will be mine. Oh, yes, they will be mine.Deciding to stay with the original plan, I explained what I wanted to the young lady behind the counter. I wanted 1.5-2" tall medallions, center cut, about 2-2.5" wide. Ideally, I would put 2 on a plate and offer approximately 8oz of beef. As we talked more, she showed me some of the tenderloins they had and we chose a different cut based on an amazing piece of meat. I love that she took the time to help me choose the meat first, then decide on the cut. Eight, hand-trimmed, center cut filets, and I was out the door.Pricing. I found it to be fantastic for the amazing quality we found here. $25.99/lb (per pound it was $24.99 for the filet, $1.00 for the center cut). So, for 8 of us... $10-11 each. Amazing cuts of meat, melt in your mouth with no knife needed, for less than someone would waste on fast food? *Totally* worth it.Great pricing, great selection, and the most informative experience I've ever had at a butcher. Very much appreciated and they now have a faithful new customer! My revitalized interest in cooking was given a push here at Branded Meats and I am looking forward to trying out much, much more.
4	I love this butcher!! I buy my pork butts, steaks, and ground beef here and all have been SO MUCH better than anything at Smith's/Von's/etc. They are super friendly and  have been great about my ridiculous special orders (they cut me a pork butt to fit my crock pot exactly!!). I also love their fun selection of meat accompaniments - everything from beer to hawaiian sea salt can be found on their shelves!My only dream is that they would focus more on free range, hormone free products. They do typically have grass fed beef (which I love!), but I'd enjoy even more humane-type meat products. Overall this butcher is excellent, and remains my #1 choice for meats in Henderson.
4	We have gotten meats twice for special occassions and had great experiences both times.  Based upon these experiences probably will start to get all our meats from here.  You get better service and I love to support independents. Also, It reminds me of my hotel days when we had a butcher on site who cut all the meats for the property.  If you live on the other side of town; I have heard good things about John Mulls Meats as well.
5	Great place!  They helped me get the perfect veal shanks for my Osso bucco!  Nice and knowledgable. Great service !
5	Fantastic steaks, and a very friendly staff.  I've not found better prices on prime steaks.  Also a great selection of sausages and fresh seafood.  Today, I noticed a turducken in the freezer.  I didn't get it, but it's nice to know it's there.  A lot of steaks, like filets, cut to order, so you can request the thickness you prefer, rather than choose from what's already cut.  Give Branded a try, you will get a fantastic product for a price better for prime than you'll pay at large grocery chains that carry it.
5	I came here to pick up some stew meat for a beef stroganoff recipe and I told them it would be cooked in a slow cooker. They cut the pieces just right and the meat was very good and tender. I came in a couple days later for steaks. THE BEST STEAKS EVER! Friendly staff is always great. I'm definitely coming here for all my meaty needs. =] Definitely worth the trip and price
1	It's 32 miles roundtrip from my house to Branded Meats but the recommendation of a co-worker made me decide to try them. Big mistake as they are closed on Monday. Why didn't I check? Oh, I did, Yelp listed them as open Monday and under the Google map they are still listed as open on Monday.So now another 10 miles out of my way to Whole Foods to buy steaks. As I was leaving another man who had googled them on his iphone came walking up, he did not look happy when I told him. I wonder how many customers they have lost by not paying attention to something so simple.I did email Branded Beats about this and received a rather lame apology after a few weeks. They had not been open on Mondays for over two years but never bothered to change their listings on Yelp or Google below:Address: 1550 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89012 Phone:(702) 492-9998 Hours: Monday hours 10:00 am-6:30 pm  -  See allMonday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Tuesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Wednesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Thursday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Friday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm Sunday 12:00-5:00 pm Transit: Stephanie @ Horizon Ridge (N) This debacle makes me wonder about how well they handle all the other aspects of their business, I doubt that I will go back. Think I will stick with Village Meats as I have for the last 35 years; they're closed on Monday as well but it's been posted that way on Yelp and Google.
5	I no longer shop at Albertson's, Vons or (gasp) Walmart for my meaty needs. This butcher shop is the business! We have purchased tri-tip, filets, sausage, chicken and more from this shop and we have NEVER been disappointed in the quality of the product. Now if my boyfriend accidently burns it.....that's another issue ;)They are a little bit pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want a filet that tastes like buuuuuu-tah then you have to shell out a little bit more. Also, I do love how they are so accommodating. If I need a certain thickness on my steak, they cut it. If I want fat trimmed off my tri-tip, they trim it off for me. If I want chicken breasts pounded out for chicken parm, they pound it out. You won't find that kind of service at Albertson's.
5	The BEST. We especially love the bacon wrapped filet mignon. We were hooked after one visit, and always feel like $ well-spent.
3	This place is ok. For sixty some odd dollars we got a pound (each) of salmon, ahi, ground beef, and like four sausages.What this place can do without, in my opinion, is the little kiosks they have, with knives, and what not. They also have a pretty scary looking freezer...
5	I am so grateful to find this place!!! They recommended a cut of meat I normally don't buy, because its not as pricey. I love filet or New York... But here's the thing. The cut they suggested, was along the best steak I've ever had. And I've been to some of the best restaurants in Vegas..It shows me they care about their customer, not the amount they make...The shrimp I bought was equally as amazing. My gf is from MD and is very very picky on seafood... She loved the shrimp we bought..which is rare and a testament to the quality this store provides..I will be coming back again and again and again!!!!! Oh... And one more time after that.. ;)
5	I have been on a quest to make the perfect steak. I purchase a sous vide, I have read countless articles, and ruined plenty of good cuts of meat in my endeavor. I have gotten better, and thought I was getting close to the best steak I had tasted. But there was always something missing. It ends up, it was the meat.I had been to a few butchers, and given the butcher-like guy at the grocery store more than his fair attempts, but nothing was all that impressive. I mostly just started ordering from Omaha Steak, which is a half-meassure at best.Then I found Branded Meats! Oh what a difference the meat makes. On my first trip I went for the Prime cut filet, and New York Strip. Outstanding. The butcher, who I think owns the place, mentioned everything is wet aged. I asked about dry aging, and I got an earful about not being able to tell the difference. He guaranteed I wouldn't be able to tell, but then offered to special order for me to check myself. He seemed like he knew what he was talking about, so I went with what he had, and I don't regret it. The compliments on my steak have gone from, "that's like steakhouse quality" to "this is the best steak I've ever had, better than any steak house.". Along with my now regular pick-ups of steak, I have started adding other items. I picked up some chicken breasts and sweet Italian sausage. The chicken didn't turn out quite right, kinda dry. But I think that was more my fault. The sausage on the other hand...insane! The best sausage I have ever had, and I'm from Chicago. Prices are not cheap, but really only about 10% - 15% higher than the grocery butcher-like guy, and that stuff is pretty bad. Omaha Steak is more expensive, unless you get a couple deal. But I promise, Omaha is a joke compared to this stuff. If you're looking for a butcher in the area, I highly recommend visiting these guys. Be aware, they are closed on Monday, a fact I discovered in the worst way. But I didn't feel a need to cry about it like the other reviewer here. Really stupid reason to rate a place 1 star by the way. Anyway, check it out and you won't be disappointed. And hit me up if you want to come try a steak for yourself!
4	Love this place.  We have purchased many steaks, pork chops and chicken here all delicious; however warning no aged meat.
5	I'm kind of on a 'paleo-lite' diet right now, and that means I've been eating a lot more meat. And eating a lot more of it means I'm getting a lot pickier! Even the select stuff at Smith's isn't really cutting it anymore, but I had found that the organic grass-fed ribeyes at smith's are pretty good. They're a little pricier at ~$12/pound, but the real problem is that they're not always available. In order to find a better selection (and support a local business!), I ventured over to Branded. They definitely have a great selection of beef - prime, select, and choice - and a handful of seafood options on the day I was there. On the butcher's recommendation, I went for the select ribeye for (I think) ~$15/pound. It was excellent! My husband and I both loved the flavor, and I find that price reasonable for a good steak.In addition, the seabass I got was really good, too, although definitely higher priced at $25/lb. My only complaint would be that their steaks are all grass-fed, but grain-finished. After trying it, though, I'm pretty sure I'll be back any time I want steak!
3	I really like the place, but am a newbie at buying meat from a high quality store.I give this a 3 star because:a. Service - Was not bad, informational and at same time a bit standoffish.  I never really felt welcome.b. Choices - They had some great looking meats like Filet, Ribeye, Hamburgers and sausages.  c.  My choice - I was looking for grass fed beef and they did not have any.  They mentioned that their beef was grass fed and then finished with grain.  I ordered a beef brisket and got 8 lbs for about 35.00.  They sealed the meat in vacuum packing as I asked to cut this in half. That was great service.d.  The problem was:  The fat.  When you are cooking brisket, you cut out the extra fat. I was trimming so much off, that I kept it and weighed it all.  Nearly 3 lbs of fat  My 8 lb purchase was 5 lb and at 35.00 that is 7.00 per lb.  This was incredibly expensive in my book.  After cooking this, so much fat rose to the top of the juices.  I did not expect this much fat in a high quality place.e.  I think it was - my choice. All the meat in their display looks great and lean. The brisket they took out from their walk in refrigerator and it was packaged.I have check both Sprouts and Whole Foods and they sell both grass fed and Non GMO- no Hormone beef. Price was nearly the same, but with no fat hardly.GK says, check this place out, but know what you want and be prepared as if you are a newbie like me, then you may have the same issues I have.
5	This is the "go to" place for top quality meats.  Go in on a Saturday and get some regular burger patties to cook on the grill that night.  They always cook up to perfection and they taste as good as the Burger Bar!  If you're celebration something special, step up to the prime cut NY Strip or bone-in Ribeye.  You will not believe you cooked a steak so good on your own grill at home.  It's as good as the Double Eagle but half the price.Go in and check it out.  You'll find something you'll like.
5	Yesterday I was served Kobe hot dogs, chipotle jalepeno brats and cheddar cheese brats.  They were fabulous.  Turns out the place to get this great food is Branded Meats, only a hop and skip away from my home.  So today, I entered for the first time.Branded Meats brings me back a bit to something seriously lacking in California and Nevada, the local butcher shop.  You enter into a no frills room with glass counters displaying cuts of meat that would make even the most premium palate drool in anticipation.  From brats, to filet, choice 1855 to Prime, Kobe hot dogs, duck breast and on weekends, fresh fish you can get almost anything here.  Lamb and veal as well.     There is also a wide selection of seasonings, spices and sauces. Pricing is as expected since they grind and cut the meats themselves but really reasonable all things considered.  I purchased a duck breast and 2 Kobe dogs for less than 18 dollars.  Will be back once I get my grill and set it up for some prime rib eye.  Pan or broil just wouldn't do it justice.They have posters showing the different cuts of each animal and will custom fill orders by phone.  The owners/staff are super friendly and will provide information about where the meats come from and how they are prepared.  They will also cut the chops to fit your thickness preferences.All in all, I was very impressed with Branded Meats!
4	So on recommendation from Eric i swung by here the other day and tried the breakfast sausage,the kobe dogs and a couple of new yorks. The breakfast sausage was excellent,cheese and bacon mixed in with ground pork. The kobe dogs also had a great flavor,would get them again. The new yorks were also good. The store itself is basic nothing fancy shmancy ,however i'm not there to consume the display cases so its ok :)  As a side note its right next door to that guy who does the commercials for anthem jewelers,went in asked him for something he didn't have it,in fact it looks basically like a pawn shop. as for the meat store "ill be back"(best arnold impersonation)
5	I am very happy with this market.  They give great attention to your needs and all the meats are FAR superior to anything you can get at other markets.  You do pay a bit more but it is well worth it.  I refuse to buy any meat at another place as the quality just isn't there when I buy from Albertson's.You can't find better meat anywhere -
2	This review is for the store itself, I decided not to buy meat from them. The store itself was dark... The freezers were also dark which made it seem sketchy. The employee who happened to be working wasn't super friendly either. I didn't feel welcome. Their meat didn't look fresh and they didn't have a great selection when I went in. Maybe it was just an off day? But I will drive across town when I need go pick up meat from the butcher block.
1	Meat looked good but the two people working waited on one couple while I sat waiting. They never even acknowledged me. What a bad first impression !
2	This place came recommended by a good friend several times and I've been there three times the first two times I wasn't impressed so I didn't buy. This time I decided to give it a try no mater what because I can't get any good meat at a grocery store. I was looking for prime rib eye for a special occasion.  At $20 a lb. I thought it was a little high but in today's times you can't find prime meat just anywhere so I got some. Cooked to just between rare and medium rare it was no better than a steak you could buy for $6-8 a lb. The three times I was in I never saw the owner and I expect it from a place like this and I'm sure  my friend deals directly with the owner. I suspect that this establishment preys on people who think the more they pay the better the meat must be. To be fair I gave a two star instead of one incase this was a one time instance. But when buying prime meat this shouldn't happen ever. If I don't see a response from the owner I will assume he is not watching his business.
