3	this place is pretty nice but expensive for italian food.  after dinner, this place becomes a bar/club, and it's pretty hopping (but VERY cheesy).
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in town. It is extremely chic with very good looking waiters and waitress, def a ppl watching spot. btw, the pretty waiter/tresses are not the 'good looking but bitchy' kind. They are nice! :-) Excellent Italian & wine. They have an awesome wine cellar with an extensive list of wine from Italy. The wall of fame is truly fun to look at. That been said, you have to be happy to pay $16 + Tax for a small plate of salad to be a fan of this place.
1	Mediocre food, high prices.Don't come here unless you care more about showing than anything else. And even in that case, go somewhere that's actually classy with good food, i.e. Queue de Cheval
1	Hideous establishment of pompus morons who spend ridiculous amounts of money on reserving a table, in a crowded snobby locale that takes an hour of waiting in the snow to get into (unless you bribe the obnoxious bouncers) just so you can watch people snorting coke while you try to pee.  Who would want to go to this place for dinner?  Pathetic.
4	Restaurant? You mean they serve food at that place?? Well i guess you learn something new every day!! I see lots of bad comments but i had a blast when i went! The place was on fire!! Music was amazing! Whoever was spinning that night (Fridays) did a very good job! The place is spacious with lots of room to go crazy!Love it !!!
1	This place is getting a star only because I have to give it one.  I think the only selling point is girls in short skirts and low tops.  This didn't work out for me because I came here to eat.
5	I'm from NYC and North Jersey, and let me tell you, I've had some damn good homemade and restaurant Italian Food.  Let me say I love Montreal and one of the reasons why is because of my experience at this restaurant.  The food, to be honest is average, but the overall atmosphere of this super club, is to die for.  Near the entrance there are plates signed by A list celebrities from all over the globe. The waitresses looked outstanding and the other people there were so fun.  It's exactly what a super club is suppose to be, friendly atmosphere, a good dinning experience, followed by drinking and partying.  I think we spend about 80 dollars each, but completely worth it considering we stayed there to party too. Drinks had plenty of alcohol. =)
1	This is a club, not a restaurant. Just like you should not expect great food in a beer pub, don't expect anything good here. If you want to party with 18yr old Arabic students, burning their parents cash, "enjoy" convenience-store-level pasta, and spend $300/bottle for bottle service with not enough staff then buona notte is for you.
2	This resto is not known for its food or the service. The food is mediocre but you're really paying for dinner to avoid waiting in line when it turns into a supper club. So for the price, you can get better quality food up the street. The resto is spacious and has a nice lounge atmosphere. I love it best for drinks in the summer when all the windows are open and there's a terrasse.
4	Every time I am in Montreal, I go to Buono Notte.  The walk up Saint Laurent (vacant lots, empty buildings) leaves something to be deisered, but once you get to the top of the hill, there is a cluster of hip restaurants and shops.  Buono Notte has a sleek, dimly lit interior, very nice.  The food is fantastic and the wine is great too.  The service was great as well. If you are ever in Montreal, I do recommend it!
4	There are some clubs where all you need is a dance floor and $25 to have the time of your life.This isn't one of them - Buena is the place to be on a Friday night. Restaurant turns into a club - and therefore the most atypical club I've been to so far.You need a table but Bottle service/service in general is quite horrendous - took the hostess 30 mins to stave lingering diners off our table. Look out for inefficient waitresses.
1	$18 for $5 worth of mediocre calamari in a nasty mayo sauce with hot sauce.  $28 for boxed rigatoni with some prego and beef cheek (they said it was veal) ...this was seriously something you'd get at a convenience store for $8.  and to top it all off... $9 (NINE) (IX) for a single bottle of tap water ..the ones you get for $1 (she poured it for us every so often - really annoying)  this place was really trashy.   all said, we paid $62 for $15 dollars worth of unappetizing or filling food.   robbing people on the prices does not make your establishment classy.  it makes you thieves.oh yeah, the waitresses didn't like our shitty tip so she apparently added another 6 bucks on ...more robbery
4	Beautiful resto on St Laurent.  It lets off a sophisticated vibe, dimmed lights, classy atmosphere, high end italian food......Down to the one important facet of this place though, the servers, both male and female, are double-head-turning gorgeous. That day, the ladies wore skintight hot pink dresses, ooh la la! The guys, while not in skittish ensembles, could still definitely pass as an inspiration for a billboard ad. But what is more noticeable is that the service is impeccable. They're all really accommodating, and never fail to flash those veneered smiles. One of the bartenders (yes, also in that hot pink dress), who made a drink suggestion to my friend, offered to doll it up twice when it wasn't to friend's liking. I've been told that some hip hop big name chose to come here after a concert he did. I can't quite remember who, nor does that change my perspective of this place.
3	I had the steak for 2 and the food was good. We had a good time conversing while on a bachelor party and probably the other half staring at the waitresses. Thats why they dress them like they do in the short skirts right?  That would never fly in the US and I love it.
2	Sadly, this place is not what I remember it to be :(I made a reservation here two weeks in advance for a Saturday night for 8 people and could only get 7pm, which is really frustrating because there are two very distinct and consistently upheld seatings - 7pm and 9:30pm. I knew, no matter what we tried, that we'd be kicked off the table and forced to awkwardly stand at the bar until the place turns into a club.Besides that, a few positives:- Service: Our waitress was very attentive and patient. We asked a million questions about the menu and took a while to get organized and order. One of the orders was wrong when she brought it out, so a new plate plus complimentary side vegetables promptly arrived.- Dessert: We got all of the desserts and shared. Literally, every single one was incredible and a must-have. In addition to the ones we ordered, we also got a complimentary tiramisu for the engagement of one of my friends. Awesome.- Shots: We were kicked off the table around 10pm (nice grace period) but offered a round of shots at the bar to make up for it - nice touch.The negatives, however, really left their impression:- Food: I was not impressed - and especially so given the price. The fish and meat dishes were small, overly salty and sparse with sides/carbs (even when included in the dish). The chicken was ok, the seafood special and other white fish were really bland. The pasta was plentiful but tasted and looked like the sauce came out of a can. Our appetizers were ok - salmon tartare was probably the best bet.- Atmosphere: the place used to attract an attractive, fun and energetic group of Montreal locals - people you wanted to be around. It now appears to cater more to tourists (especially younger Americans coming to experience all Montreal has to offer that demographic - need I say more?). It makes for a rather uncomfortable experience for 8 girls who are really just looking for a fun night out together.- Bottle service / club switch-over: This was really poorly done - most of the tables remained in the same locations, chairs were scattered in the aisles, waitresses couldn't get by and neither could we! the music didn't encourage dancing and there was a general apathy in the place. Sad. Save your appetite for La Belle Province post-bar and just come here for bottle service OR come in the late seating and have some apps and dessert and then continue the night at the bar.
5	This place is awesome. The whole supper club thing needs to became more prevalent everywhere asap. We started off with a large feast which slowly turned into a raging party. Good food, amazing music, great decor. Would 100% go back when going back to Montreal.
3	A bit over-priced for what you get, but nice atmosphere and good location.
5	If you are in Montreal, this place is the place to be seen.  Food is great  and the atmosphere just rocks!
1	Not what it used to be.  Not that the food was ever good, but at least there was a scene.  Now the ambiance falls flat, the waitresses have no smile, there is literally 30 people in the whole place.The only good thing was the Italian meat-cutter that came to see us to offer us one very good platter of assorted cured meats.  That was the highlight of dinner.  I don't even want to talk more about the food, it's not worth my typing.A big no on a place that used to be good at least to dance...  Now, even that is missing.
4	The supper club experience at Buonanotte is a pretty ingenious one-stop nightlife affair. Everything you need, from dining and dancing to beats and bottle service, is all provided to you and your crew at a cleverly paced agenda, all within the confines of a singular, uber-trendy establishment. It's pretty much the opposite of bar-hopping - instead of the patrons moving around to get a change of scenery with one booze joint to the next, a supper club does all the scenery-changing for you. You get to stay put. You get to eat. You get to party. You get to feel like you've been to a restaurant, lounge, club, and anything else in between, all over the course of one night. Most importantly, you get to feel like a real privileged, VIP son of a bitch.Let's start with the food. The Caprese is surprisingly fresh - thick slices of mozzarella di bufala accompanied by grape tomatoes. The Cavatelli with Ricotta and Asparagus, however, is just an awful pasta dish, no two ways about it - dry, bland, and unappetizing. But honestly, you shouldn't be coming here exclusively for the food. You should be coming here mainly for the party.The waitresses will trade in their dinner service red pencil skirts and white button-down shirts (unbuttoned quite a few buttons - please, they know what they're doin') for glitzy, sequined, super-short cocktail dresses once the restaurant is turned over into discotheque mode. Tables are broken down, the house music starts its slow build, lights are dimmed to near darkness, and the bottles and sparklers are paraded through the establishment as the official indicator the real night has only just begun.What was once a mild-mannered, trendy dining experience is now a full-blown club. The drinks are flowing, the beats are pounding off the walls, the house is absolutely packed, and, seriously, you will never see so many dimes in one spot. Model-caliber, French Canadian dimes. Bachelor party bros, take note.The crowd outside waiting to get into this establishment is unbelievable - a huge horde of dolled-up twenty-somethings (at a number to match the capacity indoors, mind you) with the pretty limited chance they will ever make it inside. This tells me that these people would rather be dressed to the nines outside on some line with only the chance of getting in as opposed to spending their night at some lesser bar along Saint Laurent. Do I blame them? Having been on the inside, it's kinda hard to say. While there are better places to eat, I find it hard to believe there are better places to party. If these people know to be at Buonanotte once the sun goes down, then you gotta believe these people know what's good. If you're ever in Montreal, certainly save Buonanotte for your baller night out.
3	Been told this was a can't miss night spot for anyone going to Montreal for a quick trip.  Food was completely lacking flavor but the setup was very cool, and if you have to spend $25 on dinner to skip the lines and have a table, it's pretty worth it.  The bottle service was priced about right, and the only girls I saw all weekend who were better looking than the clientele here were the waitresses...all stunning.  Not a great place to meet people as it was very loud and people come in groups...but you can still make it work.
1	I've only been here once (once was enough) for a friends bachelorette party on a Saturday night around 9:30.  We were told in advance that each person had to order $25 worth, which was fine. I understand that they don't want people just sitting there nursing a soft drink all night. We were quickly shown to our table, while we waited for the rest of our party.  The music was good and the decor was nice.  Our waitress told us each person seated had to order at least $25 of food (drinks not included) or they would bill the table the difference.  We knew each person had to order $25, but were never told that wine/drinks with the meal didn't count. Some people only wanted appetizers/drinks, but didn't want to force the difference on other people. Others planned on ordering more..We were waiting for a few more people, but couldn't order until the rest of the group got there (maybe 2-3 people out of about 16). If they left the chairs for our friends, we had to guarantee that they would come, otherwise the rest of the table would be charged $25 for each seat.  Wow. Really? The place was hardly full ... So, I ordered my mandatory food.  Calamari, rucola and parmesan salad, and a glass of wine.  Now, if you're going to force feed me, at least make it palatable. The breaded/fried calamari were soggy and lukewarm, and the salad was bland.  I'm not sure how others felt about their food. I really do not recommend this place.  There are a number of other supper clubs in the area.
3	Amusing place.  I had asked a female business contact I knew in town for a recommendation, as I was going to be travelling to the city with three grad school buddies.  This was described as a fun restaurant for a guys dinner/night out. We laughed when we entered, as we then understood what my friend had meant.  The waitstaff was striking, all dolled up in smaller than avg dresses.  Not trashy, but also not elegant dining.  The food was fine, nothing to get excited about.  The restaurant also morphs into a nightclub later on.  One bachelorette party came and took a few pictures at our table, again not five star dining but amusing.  Not what we had been looking for this night, but still fun for what it is.
3	This is definitely an experience. I'd give the overall experience a 3 out of 5 only because the food was so terrible and overpriced. Dance Club 5 out of 5... Food 1 out of 5.We got two 90oz rib eye steaks that look like something out of The Flintstones. So you would think that would be a bachelor party's dream right? Nope...TERRIBLE steak...ruin our meal completely. The sides were expensive as crap and not anything special. Also, the service was terrible...they messed up our steaks and then didn't do anything to remedy the situation. Same thing happened with one of our bottles...they tried to screw us and give us a cheaper bottle when we ordered a bottle of crown...they ended up giving us some cheap Canadian crap.As far as the club is concerned...amazing. One of the best club experiences I've had in a long time. We got bottle service and it made the night so much more fun. Great mix of music too...wish they played a little more hip hop...but it was still a great experience.
3	I was here for the F1 weekend and we had dinner reservations for the price fixed menu (~80pp).  Since the price fixed menu only included two small dishes, someone in our group made an executive decision to get the group share option at about the same price.  They basically bring out a plate of meat and seafood (well I'll use the term seafood loosely b/c we got 2 shrimps and one piece of lobster) with no sides.  The meat was very fatty and salty.  Mind you we had 6 people in our party.  See pic.  Anyways, to sum it up, the real reason to come here for dinner is to reserve your spot for the club later.  Dinner was a complete butt rape, excuse me for being unlady like.  If you aren't already in there, the line is super long and it's a $35 dollar cover charge if you don't have a table.  So 12am rolls around and the music was not really my thing.  The DJ was spinning some disco crap suitable for studio 54.  I was honestly ready to leave at this point but the people watching was fantastic.  It's very pretentious I'm not going to lie, but there were soooo many GORGEOUS people there!  Even the servers are all 10s!  Unreal.  Anyways, I was ready to dip at this point because I'm a music person.  I need good music to have fun.  Let me just tell you I'm glad I didn't because around 1am, it was like a mf'n light switch flipped and this easily became one of the sickest clubs I had ever been to.  All the tables cleared, and suddenly there were girls dancing on tables and the music....OMG the music......the music was AMAZING.  He spun everything from 80's, to hip hop, to HOUSE!  It was one huge dance party.  Good times.  *1 star for food and 5 stars for club*
3	You don't come for the food, which is just average, you come for the club experience afterward.However, if you want to avoid waiting in line, only whether to be allowed in at the discretion of the bouncer, you might as well come for dinner.  Honestly, the food can range from being edible to actually not bad.  It really depends on the day you go on whether the service is good or the food is bad, etc.  I have been a couple times where they messed up my order (I got a topped pizza, but a plain cheese one came out instead), but they remedied the situation rather swiftly and all was forgiven.  And in actuality, the pizza wasn't that bad.  I have also been where it took a long time for the food to come out after ordering.  Granted it was a busy night, but you come to expect this sort of thing.The service is not bad, waitresses are hot and pleasant (as well as pleasant to look at).  A little after 11 the waitress change clothes into more cocktaily dresses and the restaurant turns into a club where the last few diners are finishing up and the tables are turned into "tables".  Basically everyone orders bottle service at Buona.  You would be a fool not to, because the prices will inevitably be very similar to if everyone was ordering individual drinks.  You also get the luxury of having a "table" and I use this term loosely.  It is nothing more than a regular restaurant table with a white table cloth on top, with which you can stand around feeling superior to the plebes that don't have one, but in reality everyone else seems to have that same ideology, but I digress.The music is an eclectic mix of hip hop, dance, house, top 40, etc.  It is definitely a fun place to party and there are tons of gorgeous women that frequent the establishment.  With other establishments having problems (I wont name names), this is the place to go on the Main.
2	Good food, I think. I don't honestly remember. Empires rose and fell in the time it took us to order and receive our meal. I have lost so many memories. My childhood is an indistinct flicker in the caverns of my mind. I forget my name for minutes at a time each day. Time passes inexorably. As I march toward my grave, my one regret in life is ever having eaten at Buonna Notte.
1	it was recommended to me to check this place out, more for the ambiance, and to try a "supper club" experience.  I came from Chicago for a quick weekend trip.  On a friday night, we were able to walk in without reservations (2 females much easier to accommodate apparently).  This place was packed, and it was about 8pm at night.  The servers  were amazingly attractive male and females, all tall and very nice people.  The man at the front that helped us get seated, was very attractive, flirtatious and when he found out we were from chicago, was shocked as he said , thats an amazing culinary city...yes...it is....we read the reviews coming in but my friend said.."how badly can you mess up pasta??"oh boy...apparently really really badly....this was the absolute worst italian food i have ever had..the caprese salad...needed salt..how do you mess that up!?  my pasta was a pesto pasta...lacked garlic, flavor and was extremely dry.  we had to go back and order room service.  the scene...yes...its definitely a place to get dressed up, look hot and meet many attractive people, likely not locals...great scene for a bachelorette or bachelor party...pricey for such awful food...maybe its the fact that i'm from chicago and had higher expectations?  nah...this place is awful, you are better off just making your own batch of pastaroni at home...eat before u come...just come in for the night scene.expect a line after 10pm....definitely dress to impress...don't plan on having a lot of conversation here either..its extremely loud!
4	Where else can you go where you find food, alcohol, club, and girls (of all ages.  Ay, its Canada Ay).  And through it all, while you're dining and drinking, the surrounding environment can easily just transform into a club, like that.  Of course, its no place to take a date to, or to play catchup with a friend, or I wouldn't come here if I was just trying tourist my way through town, cause that's just silly.  This place has celebration, party, and ruckus spelled out all across.  It was the perfect setting for a bachelor's party.For a party of 15 gentlemen, we found ourselves among the other 70% of the crowd of bachelor/bachelorette parties taking advantage of Montreal and all its glory on St Laurent.  The place serves up Italian cuisine, which I guess is the easiest way to make something affordable, yet come out looking gourmet.  The food was ok.  We had it planned out with a pre fixed menu so nothing was out of the ordinary- we had the usual calamari, skirt steak, bufala cheese on regular salad with tomatoes, and some other meats and pasta to go about.  Bottomline is you'll be pleasantly full, but since you're there to party, don't expect too much.  Plus, the dj plays some nice classic 90s hit during dinner, enough to get the crowd (well...us really) to start jumping on our chairs and singing in the middle of the restaurant.  Yes, we were those guys. As the club scene started to mature and the table in front of us slid on over to clear out the area, we opted to stay by purchasing a few bottles at about $200 per to get us through part of the night.  The service was great and the servers were fun.  Definitely a go to supperclub for celebrations.
3	Did not know ahead of time that this was a club offering Italian food. Service was adequate, by waitresses dressed in sexy uniforms (Italian Hooters?).  Food explanations were not easy to understand.  The waitress told us to try the charcuterie (house special). It was enough to serve 8 people. Unfortunately it was just my wife and I. We wrapped most of it to go. She then asked us if we wanted dessert. We said we would like entrees. Veal was decent and the turbot was good. There were 3 bachelorette tables and one bachelor parties (quite unusual for a Sunday night).  If you like very loud energetic clubs that serves average food, then this is for you. Dinner for two including two glasses of chianti and a $68 bottle of wine was $284 with gratuity.
4	While in Montreal for my Birthday, my husband found this spot and took me there. It was recommended that we get there before 11 when he booked the table. We arrived as the supper club was transitioning from a dinner spot, to a night club. The decor was nice, bathrooms clean, server friendly, patrons happy and fun. Most of the people were close to age 30. the music was a good mix of mostly 90s music. This spot was a great find and a lot of fun! I highly recommend trying them out if you are in the area.
4	Came here when visiting Montreal with some friends. We were looking for a club with a crowd in the 25+ range that would be a guarantees good time and this came recommended by a few people.We reserved a table ahead of time and got in no problem. We did have to wait about 30 minutes to be seated because they needed to turn the tables from dinner to bottle service. Given that this is also a restaurant you have to wait for people to finish eating before setting up shop for bottle service. This was the only remotely negative thing for the evening..Once seated, and it was a great time from start to finish. The DJ absolutely killed it and the place was on fire the entire night. A perfect mix of music genres and people dancing straight through. The bottle prices are very inexpensive compared to NYC and other big markets in the US. It also is an absolute must to get a bottle of you're a group of guys coming here, or any good club for that matter. Otherwise you won't get in or you'll be standing in line for hours only to be squeezed in between 300 people once inside.This place was hands down one of the better club experiences I've had. The best of all places in Montreal I've been to from a nightlife standpoint. Definitely a must if you're looking for hands down good time.
1	This place was horrible!! My friend and I went there because someone recommended it.. All we saw is a bunch of young Arabic american students (males) spending ridiculous amount of money on drinks and buying girls drinks as well.. It was insane how some of the girls were gold digging!! Oh!! Go there if you want to see girls snort coke in the restroom!! Horrible experience ever!! All the people there seem incredible fake and all about the "money"; at least that is what every person there was talking about..
3	Good days and bad
1	Place looked cool from the outside so thought we'd check it out. We were seated in the lounge section which was empty. So we were waiting for 20 minutes until I decided to actually go and call a waiter to take our order.It's a lounge so it's supposed to be lively right? Nope. The place had no music playing and again, after becoming sick of the dead atmosphere I asked for them to turn the music on.The waiter came with our order and it's a 5 star restaurant so your expect a little hospitality or good service. Waiter might as well have thrown the drinks at us. No napkins, didn't even pour the bottle for us.Lastly, the sound system (AFTER we asked for the music to be turned on) kept popping and making these loud exploding noises which was unnerving.The only good part of this place is that they have pretty girls serving you but they're too busy looking at themselves in the mirror rather than taking your order.
2	Came here for my friend's bachelor party this past weekend. Got hosed on the price, was told one thing and when the bill came we were all in awe at the gross inflation. Thankfully the bachelor himself had a good time, but some of my dudes got the damn run-around when we tried to talk to management about the bill.Food took a little while and I don't know that all of us even got to eat (which, in all fairness, was probably somewhat our fault because we're just so darn sociable).Anyway, it was what it was. Beware the bill and iffy service, but enjoy your time nonetheless as the venue was otherwise decent.
1	Extremely small portions. Trying to be too pretentious. Went there for lunch. The waiter was extremely rude, we had 3 orders of the gnocchi and all 3 had different amounts in the plate. One plate had half the amount as another. When we mentioned it to the waiter he said that it was normal. The calamari was pure garbage. Only gave the body of the squid not the legs. And I'm pretty sure it was frozen. It was served with a spicy mayo. Who the hell gives mayo for calamari??? Don't even bother going unless you want crap service and overpriced small portions. My meatball panini wasn't even pressed in a panini machine and honestly the meatballs at subway taste better. I'm a local and I was so surprised because it has a good reputation. But just the terrible service is enough to never return. Hopefully I don't get shot by the mafia who run the place for writing this.
2	Came here for dinner as it walking distance from my hotel. Was hungry and ordered the bruschetta and some pasta. The bruschetta was on toasted wheat bread? The pasta was good. The waitresses were no doubt pure eye candy, but took them 45 minutes to give me my bill. I asked three times...I was very irritated after being on a long flight.
3	Neat place. I agree with other reviews regarding the setting; kind of like studio 54. Not sure why the food gets low reviews - it is pretty good. But this is a pricey place. I had the lamb chops for an appetizer; they were very tasty. I highly recommend those.I will be honest; I mostly like this restaurant because of the waitresses. If you are a guy, you will find them very pleasing to the eye, and that is an understatement.  I gave it 3 stars because, though the food is good, it is not worth the price. The waitresses, however, are worth every penny.
