5	So should I be ashamed to admit I have lived in a place called Crystal Creek?!?! Heck no this was probably the best apartment complex to live in around here before all those fancy new ones started popping up everywhere. Who does not enjoy the sounds of a little bubbling creek right outside your window!?!?! Can you say zen?!?! If thats not all they even have some apartments that are partially underground you have to walk downstairs to get to them which means they stay way cooler than those people on upper floors. The patios on these were very open and were also covered in shade very nice for bbq's in the hot summer months. If I had to live in an apartment ever again it'd be here. You can keep down town all to yourself!
1	I've lived in a number of apartments over the years and Crystal Creek was, by far, my favorite. It was a third floor one bedroom with a balcony that overlooked the pool. Since that balcony was on the west side I got a lot of sun some days but the sunsets and the thunderstorms made it worth it. I've often thought fondly of that apartment...That was 7 years ago. Today, I learned that a few months ago Crystal Creek put a derogatory note on my credit for $62, lowering my score by 80 points. Seriously? After 7 years? Over sixty two dollars?I still don't even know what it was for. They haven't contacted me once in all this time - even though I lived in a property owned by their management company for three years after leaving Crystal Creek.They insist that they're owed the money, too. I still don't know why. So now we have to go to court because I insist that they're high.Do you really want to live in a place where they'll go after your credit 7 years after the fact for a measly $62 without so much as a phone call?
1	If you like waiting 2 days, literally, everytime you call maintenance to get something done...having a man dig through your garbage every morning, people stealing everything off of your patio (even a nasty ashtray), crack head neighbors, parties at the complex...calling security and NEVER having any one come, move in to Crystal Creek. That babbling creek that people rave about brings mosquitos. The canal right next to the complex adds to that infestation. For about 5 months out of the year you will be eaten alive by them. The rest of the year it is actually nice. Nothing in the gym ever works. They have 6 peices of equiptment and all that works is one bike and the weights. The treadmill is off and on. They have a broken elliptical, and a broken bike. An old Tv with 4 channels that you can't hear. No AC and it smells like someone died in there. Keep every receipt you ever give them. They took one of my two payments for security deposit and claimed they never received it.  I have no reason to lie about that, they called me after 6 months of living there saying they never received it. I had to come up with another 150$ randomly because of my failure to keep receipts and them retaining a thief. I felt it was safe after month 4 and cleaned all my papers out. When I moved in I had to clean everything, it was dirty. I moved into a carpet that was covered in stains. I complained about the smell, I could tell there were pets because my allergies were constantly keeping me up at nights. They finally agreed to change it and the front agent Christina said "I can't believe they let you move in with the carpet like that". So I had to move all the stuff I just moved in back out off of the carpet, nothing was given to me for the inconvenience. They did monthly inspections where they came into your apartment. I thought it was a cleanliness thing and I thought that it was a good thing since my neighbors were so disgusting, I did not want roaches. I came to find out that it was because they were selling the property and invading privacy was not an issue. I complained about the trash that my neighbors constantly left and they said they would take care of it, until my move out date I still had trash all by my front door and patio. The washing machine smelled horrible and the tub was clogged. When I put in a maintenance request for them to fix it it took 2 days. When the man came he fixed the tub and said that he cleaned out the filter for the washing machine. This did not fix the smell, I chalked it up to being old and knew I would have to live with it.Last but not least...about two months before I moved out I was getting sick. I hated my neigbors and security never doing anything to stop the constant fighting and parties. Basically everything previously mentioned started getting to me to where I was miserable at home. I asked if I could move out and told them why. They said no, okay understandable, I did sign a year lease. I kept getting bloody noses and constantly felt sick. When I went to the doctor they told me it was allergies. On my move out date I was packing my stuff and found black mold in my closet, in the hallway closet, it was coming from the washer. It had spread to many of my personal items. It was all over the base of the walls. Black mold is extremely dangerous and in some cases deadly. All the complex told me was that they would have to charge me for the drip pans on the stove. They did not apologize to me, they could care less. I would never live here again, even if rent was free.
3	I liked living here, it quiet well kept. When I got my pitbull Layla everything was great. Our neighbors had pitbulls and the show no aggression towards each other. When I went to talk to the office manager Kristie about updating to a two bedroom apartment she said pitbulls aren't allowed. I tried talking to her but she like ether we get rid of her or I have to move. When I asked her about our neighbors having pitbulls she was like they will be caught. Strange one neighbor had his dog living there for 3 years hardly unlikely. I would be more worried about the little dogs running around without a leash and the owners not cleaning up after them.
