5	Employees are very courteous and pleasant. They always smile and the wait isn't that bad at this location. Thank you for making this mail time experience smooth and easy every time!
2	I have been to this post office many times in the past, the people who work behind the counter are usually very nice and I appreciate them...HOWEVER today there was a line so I used the self service computer to mail a package. I paid $12.+ for 2 days but it said it would be delivered on Thursday, today is Monday...that is not 2 days. There was a man working there with short dark brown hair and mustache and beard and wore glasses. Wearing plain clothes and a name badge that was turn around but I believe it said Don. When I asked him WHY 2 days is 4 days I got a totally condescending attitude that everything is going ground and that the package could be delivered in 8 days because there are no flights and that that is just how it is and there are no refunds so I can file a complaint but that is how it is.  SERIOUSLY? USPS is having financial difficulty and this is your customer service. I felt like I just got screwed at the casino and just made a $12+ donation to USPS! I grabbed my  package and spent $23 at Fedex to ensure delivery. USPS just lost a customer!
3	I've been in 3 or 4 times before. On a previous visit an employee (not at the window) noticed how long the line was and stepped in to help speed things along. This was great! Most branches don't seem concerned how long the lines get.Today, I went in to mail a package and didn't have tape at home. I need about six inches of clear packing tape to seal my box. Instead of using the roll on the counter, the clerk said I had to go buy some. I know stamp prices continue to rise, but every time I've mailed a package in the past they have inspected it and usually added tape to mine.Guess it depends on who is working that day whether you'll receive great service or poor service.
4	I hate going to the post office, not gonna lie. This one was decent though. It was clean, had everything for priority mail was stocked up, and service was relatively efficient (wait was about 5 minutes in line). Postal workers were very friendly, but some spoke in pretty broken english. Totally understandable, but frustrating when your trying to get your package mailed and get back to work. Parking lot was decent as well. The true test will be if they have enough staff at Christmas!
5	I really was not looking forwards to going to the post office to pick up a letter for signature. My experience has always been aggravating at post offices, with long lines and impatient people, and mean employees.To my surprise there was no one in line when I showed up at 3pm on a Thursday. There were two people behind the desk, and I got quick help from a really friendly postman. The other attendant next door was also making friendly conversation with the lady next to me.It was a very nice experience, and I would definitely use that location again soon.
5	Always quick fast services. The employees at the counter always greet with a smiling face and are always polite. They occasionally have long lines but the manager in charge will always come out to make sure he can get people through the line quickly.
