2	The line is not well marked, where do you start??, it's kind of important. The coffee was generic, there were no coffee stirrers, the lids were clear plastic & I don't think their meant for hot drinks. I wasn't looking to be blown away, but I was less than impressed.
5	Love love cinnabon!!!! Always good anytime of the day.
2	Airport cinnabon... not sure what I expected.  Cinnamon role was not exactly what I would call "fresh."  I ate it anyway, because I'm a fat ass and I love me some cinnabon.But, the "meh I've experienced better" rating applies, because I have experience better cinnabons.
5	So conveniently located right of the terminal when I got off my flight. The gal working there made sure I had the freshest, gooey cinnabon. Great service and awesome food!
3	Early morning coffee...NO STARBUCKS for me (it always tastes burnt)...Cinnabon, you are right across from my gate on my flight to San Diego.  Thank goodness you offer me coffee!Your prices are better than the other coffee purveyor...and I got the slightest hint of chicory in your coffee...so I was pleased.Granted, no coffee stirrers, but there are straws on the wall next to the lid dispensor (which is a coffee lid, designed for hot drinks, not clear plastic).For the morning go cup, you fill the bill.
1	This is the Cinnabon inside the Phoeniz airport! It is not a real Cinnabon. The coffee was not Cinnabon coffee. It was shared with the Burger King next door. Yuck.The roll was not fresh. Threw it away half-eaten.
4	Great Cinnabons! The only reason I gave them a 4 star is because they have poor customer service. She never smiled at me.  Near gate A30. 8:15pm.
2	Needed something to eat on a short layover.  Everything except Pizza Hut Express was closed and even this place was near closing.  Unfortunately, the buns didn't look so fresh, but I got one anyway.  I've had Cinnabon before and I love them, but by the time these things are exposed to airport fumes, they must go bad just like every other airport food court food.  I ate the stale thing while waiting to board my next flight.  I wished I had a couple shots of grand marnier to wash it down.  You really must get these things when they are fresh.  Lesson learned.
3	Tip: get some.If you need me to tell you about Cinnabon, you really haven't lived as a red-blooded American. Cinnabon is like the overweight, gun-toting, conservative distant relative you only see once or twice a year at family reunions or funerals. But damn it if you don't love them because they'd have your back if you were getting carjacked or if you needed a truck to move a washer/dryer. That, ladies and gents, is Cinnabon. You don't wanna eat there every day, but they are there for you at malls and airports across America...or as they say it: `Merica!!
