4	Inexpensive. Great value, great, fresh chicken tenders that were on special. Have different specials every day and best to stick to those unless getting a chicken sanswhich or burger. Have ate here many times and rare problems with food are quickly addressed with customer satisfaction a priority. Retro look and clean restrooms. Overall great experience.
4	employees here seem happy . Many of the servers have been here for years and are happy to see their customers . :-)
4	As other reviews have stated, this is a meat and 3 veggies place - but it's not the food that keeps me coming back.Yes, the food is good.  The owners are greek, so you know it's good.  They've got some pasta, great lasagne, and plenty of Southern cooking like collard greens and fried okra.  It's all fairly priced and while you won't stuff yourself, you won't leave hungry.It's the staff that makes it worth it.  Keep going back, and you'll notice the same faces for years.  They're all friendly, and they will start to remember you!Why 4 out of 5?  Simply because the food is good, but not life changing.  I can name a similar place relatively close that the food is better - but the staff and atmosphere isn't as "family"That's why I keep going back here!
4	Home southern style cooking. Meat and 2 sides. Daily specials offered. Used to come here more when I lived nearby. People still remember you and are so friendly here.Not fancy. You can come as you are and nobody cares. Closed Sunday. Open 6am-9pm.
3	Had the Mahi Mahi fish with fries and coleslaw special.  A bit overcooked on the fish and small portion of fries and normal portion of coleslaw. Also ordered a side of fried squash which was excellent as usual.Coleslaw was fine chopped, which is not my preference, but tasted slightly sweet and was crunchy and freshly made.Fries a bit soggy and shoestring style. Portion good for me, but most people would wonder why skimp on the fries. Great service, as usual. Great prices. Just fell a little short on the food today :-(
5	Best breakfast in Charlotte.  Blueberry pancakes are packed.   Pork chop breakfast is very generous and seasoned perfectly.  Staff is efficient and very friendly. You will feel apreciated and leave satisfied.
4	When you want good food at a great price and friendly folks, this is the place for ya. Sarah and I have been coming here for some time now and have never had a bad meal. I just say to the Wife hey you want old folks for dinner that's all it takes. Delicious.
