4	This is no McDonald's! I think the stars were aligned for us. Me and my girlfriend were craving steak tartare,  I had just received a newsletter telling me about this recently opened restaurant and I happen to live nearby.The restaurant has a simple design, yet quite modern. There are is lot of dark wood, mirrors and visible pipes. The wine list is quite nice and the menu features mainly burgers and tartares.Don't expect simple Angus burgers -- this new place offers pork, lamb, venison, even a crab cake burger straight off the chopping block. I didn't try them but they look amazingI had the venison tartare which was excellent. You can tell that the meat is of really good quality. It has a smokey taste that not everyone will like tho. My girlfriend had the beef tartare, which was outstanding and full of flavor.Only minus is that I thought the service was a little bit slow and the dessert menu a little average. I will however definitely come back tho.
4	Good wine. Great steak tartare..mmm tarragon. Surprisingly decent salad. Best fries + aioli ever. Not so great dessert.
3	This is the kind of place that looks like it would be exceptional, but, doesn't quite deliver. Tried it twice and both times were ok. The place looks cool and the staff and clientele look cool as well. Crab cakes were good. Salmon Tartar just ok. Tuna Tartar was very oily. The second time around  had the trio of mini-burgers: they were good, but, not worth the return visit. If anything Hachoir is a good first date place for people with some extra cash to burn.
4	This is an interesting place. I've gone personally about three times. The first time I wasn't really impressed with it. But the second and third times were much better. It's always nice to give a new restaurant a second shot if they don't blow you away the first time around. I've had the tartare and it was very good. But what really surprised me was the burger. Now it's not that hard to make a good burger, yet a lot of places seem to have trouble doing it. Hachoir nailed it!The location is also great. And the coolest thing about this restaurant is the old operating room light that hangs over the kitchen. It's awesome! Just don't let your mind wander the way mine did. I try not to think of what stories that lite could tell;)
2	Funny story. The service was weak and the drink I had was horrible and was forced to pay 10$ for it.  Unhappy I tipped that waiter 10% and he had the audacity to come and complain that I didn't give him 15% WOW!  Food was ok, but I won't go back.
4	On our way to a Yelp elite event, we passed this restaurant, located just below an old (closed) pub I used to go to back in the day and took a quick peak at the menu. I have been obsessing with tartares lately and this menu included several varieties including a bison tartare.After the elite event we headed over to just grab a bite, a few appetizers and then we'd head over to eat dinner somewhere else. However, I was drawn to at least 2 apps and my bf had his heart set on the Hachoir 2.0 burger, so we decided this would be dinner.I ordered the foie gras sliders along with the bison tartare and my boyfriend stuck with his longing for the Hachoir 2.0 burger. The foie gras sliders aren't exactly typical. I was kind of expecting the usual: little burger buns with seared foie gras inside. Instead, the plate came out with a generous portion of foie gras, balanced atop little toasts, garnished with pickled red onions. Simple, delicious and low-carb (wink, wink)The bison tartare (I ordered the appetizer size) was still a nice portion of tartare, in fact, I can't imagine eating more than I did of it. It was hearty, decadent and yet, still felt kind of light. Strange, maybe it is the citrus, but I didn't feel overloaded. It was quite good, and I look forward to trying some of their other tartares in the future.By far the hit of the evening was that burger. It's a shrimp and pork patty, with bacon and grilled pineapple, and some very Asian inspired flavours. The brioche bun and the light hit of srirachi and sesame oil made this burger shine. The accompanying fries were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside, just the way I can appreciate them most.Great service, with a cool and relaxed vibe. We loved it and will definitely be back!
4	After a few years in the states, it's awesome to be surrounded by a culture that appreciates steak tartare.  But, of all the restaurants in Montreal, this is where I go for when I have a craving.  Make sure you reserve on busy nights, otherwise you might end up at Reservoir, and they might have already run out of tartare!
4	I always find St Denis street to be surprising and fun. A trip with my parents might convince me otherwise. We were trying to find a place to eat and if one place was too chic, the other was divey, one too expensive, but the other not special enough etc..Hachoir reeled my parents in thanks to it's lunch menu featuring flank steak. Mmmm flank steak. The place is cute but modern, everything is squarish and black with solid wood tables (which are the IT item of the season, along with blackboards it seems), also they have a pretty cool bar design! The waiter was really overzealous in selling us his menu: Everything's bio! Everything's local! Alrighty, then love! My mom gave the tuna tartare a go, and it was, fresh and summery but not spectacular. My dad's flank steak was a bit overcooked tough, Sacrilege! My Hachoir 2.0 burger was the best.thing. ever. Served on a bamboo plate but of course.I'm not a burger aficionado. I know you guys are out there, measuring the patty's thickness, the bun's subtle aromas. I know nothing of that, but that was a goood burger. Shrimp and pork are mashed together to form the patty, which is served under pineapple slices, red lettuce, sweet mayonnaise and veggies. Not too big, not too small, totally delicious. The sides are worthy of note as well: you can choose whether you want either a salad, fries, or both, so as to not waste any food! Yes! +1 star to avoid food waste!!  Both sides are just that, sides, perfect portion control here. The fries are freshly made and well seasoned. Nothing is sadder than a dry salad, and this little one was crying oily tears of joy! I'll be back to try their deer burger for sure!PS:noise and pollution level might be a bit high during the day, since all the 10 wheelers deliver the St-Denis goods right next to the windows :/
3	At the corner of Saint-Denis, and Rachel, Hachoir is well located in downtown Montreal. I must say that I had a first great experience as the service, and the ambiance was good.When you look at the menu, and the restaurant itself, you are expecting to get an astonishing dinner, but I was a bit disappointed: the food was good, but not more. As an appetizer, we took some calamari that were good, but a bit salty. For the main plate, I took a filet mignon: the baking was good, but the lack of flavor upset me at a point where I had to use some pepper sauce. I never put any dressing when I'm eating a good piece of meat, so it's never a good thing when I'm doing it. Maybe I wasn't lucky, as I tasted the salmon tartar of my friend, and it was amazing.One of the things that I liked in restaurant during summer, is their terrace. Hachoir don't have one, but they have wall size windows that make you feel like you were outside. It was perfect for yesterday cool, and windy evening.So at the end, a good ambiance, in a good location, with some good food. I'll definitely give another try to this restaurant in a near future to get some good fish tartar.
4	It was Sunday afternoon and we were hungry. After trying to go to 3 or 4 different places, all of which were closed we were starting to become a group of grumpy people. Then we saw Hachoir, and it was open!We started with a Caesar salad which was crunchy, creamy and delicious. Thanks to the salad were no longer grumpy and now a group of friends enjoying a pleasant meal together. The four of us were all attracted to the same items on the menu, the boys had the crab cake burger and the girls the salmon burger. Be sure to have your napkin handy as these burgers can create a bit of a messy situation. The burgers were very good as were the fries. Overall the menu looked interesting with many creative twists such as a duck confit poutine and the Panche burger which is dressed with bbq sauce and an onion ring. Definately worth a retun visit or two.
4	The menu is relatively smaller compared to a lot of restaurants out there. However, everything on their menu is excellent. One of the best tartars I have had in the city. I highly recommend the calamari!Can be a bit pricey, but if your looking for something worth it, this is the place!
2	As much as I was excited to try this place out, I feel like it was a waste of money and time....unfortunately, of course.I had been craving some good tartare, and was told by some friends to try the one made here.It was hands down, the worst salmon tartare I've ever had. It was more like lime puree with a side of raw salmon than salmon tartare. There were HUGE chunks of lime mixed in with the fish, and some lime juice as well, which just overpowered the entire dish making it a very bitter experience (literally and figuratively).I did try some mashed potato from a friend, and it was quite good, but that isn't really the measure of a good experience in my books. I know that they have a lot of good reviews, so maybe I just happened to go on an off night, or maybe I need to learn to eat my tartare drenched in lime, but either way, I'm definitely not going back...
4	Couldn't decide which burger I wanted since they all looked interesting. I opted for the slider trio for variety .Best burgers I've had in a while! Mouthwatering delicious :) Great selection of cocktails as well.
4	I had trio of sliders  good, nicely presented, tasty, but the highlight was the Tartaki very good, service was ok had to remind waitress for dessert, but will definitely go again
4	Great spot to spend the night. Might meet artist that often go there. Food is good and ambiance is great. Burgers sliders and tartare are my fav. I always recommend people come here if they're on the plateau.
2	It was a really cold Friday night and we decided to go to this place since it was open late and was a couple blocks away from where we were staying. The ambience...it looked like one of those dimly lit fancy places. We ordered the Salmon Tartare and the New York Steak. We told the waiter to do the steak medium rare. The food came pretty quickly and the presentation was quite good too. The taste...not so much. My tartare tasted like onions and lime. Don't get me wrong, there was lots of Salmon but the onions overpowered it. The steak was cooked a bit too much and the fries were just meh. The food was pretty expensive too ($22 for tartare and $29 for steak). I would spend my money on something better the next time.
4	We ended up at Hachoir, accidentally, when Pied du Cochon was too crowded for us to get in. The experience was delightful, we definitely enjoyed our evening. While I haven't eaten as much tartare as I would like to have (it's not very prevalent in the US), the tasting platter was enjoyable. A couple of the additions to the tartare, though, were almost too overpowering for the delicate fish underneath it. My husband had the slider tasting platter--and enjoyed all three of them. He said that the pork burger, while he might not have ordered it on it's own, was phenomenal and he was glad that he got to taste it. We started with the grilled ceasar, and that was delicious. I've made them myself, and there's something about a little bit of char on a romaine head that takes a salad from "meh," to "whoa!"Beer selection is average, but they have an adult coffee that was out of this world. Definitely give that a try if you're looking for a nightcap. The service was excellent, no complaints there. And while many seem to not like the atmosphere, I found it to be industrial, dim, and warm, all at the same time. Priceym, though, total with drinks for two was about $117 before tip. Definitely wouldn't be a frequent place to eat, but I enjoyed the experience.
4	We stopped in this place for lunch. Nice atmosphere with the same open window to the street concept of many of the other restaurants in the area. The wait staff was very polite and spoke english well. The burgers were smaller than american style burgers but they were very good and satisfying. So good they didn't even need ketchup! Dinner for four came to $100 with a few beers and a sangria. A little pricey but I would come back again.
5	Was in Montreal for a sales meeting and my girlfriend suggested this tartar place. I wasn't really sure what she meant but this cozy diner like place was out of this world good. Yes, most of their plates are tartar of tuna, salmon or beef but they have tastefully spiced & arranged your choice served with french fries & salad with toasted baguettes.  If you don't like raw fish/meat they also serve salads & burgers!!The ambiance is very french & if you are visiting Montreal this is a must see!!
4	Quite a nice placeI really like soe of their burgers which are inventive and offer a new take on a classic dishBeware the place can be quite busy but has a very nice feel to it Cocktails are good and staff is helpful
5	The food is incredible!!! And Carlos helped us and he was just sooo helpful. Our burger was delish! There's also this chocolate and coffee dessert thats to die for!!!
