3	Mexican franchise type restaurants are usually pretty average.  I don't know on what order of franchise Serrano's is, they have a handfull of locations around the valley.  My test is the kiddo's.  I recently found out that my duaghter likes refried beans ... WHAT!!  And the only reason I found out was because Serrano's serves an awesome refried bean dip with their chips and salsa prior to your meal.  I'm picky when it comes to those too so if I'll eat them they are pretty good.  This location has it's own take out area, similar to chilis, outback and most of the big chain restaurants so you aren't waiting in the mix of all of the other orders, which is nice.  I guess hands down my favorite thing is their peppermint ice cream for dessert.  YUMMY!!
3	we frequent serranos because #1 it is really the only good family priced restaraunt out here. I do love the chips in salsa but some of my favorites are only ehh there. I do however like the relleno dinner that is what I usually order. I love green corn tamales but theirs are not very good unfortunately. They are very bland and I have never even found a green chili in one. Don't waste your time on the  tortilla soup either. This is awesome if it is made correctly and fresh. Believe it or not the last disappointment was a chicken taco salad. I don' t know how that can be messed up but trust me it can and it was. however I know what to order and on nights we want to go out it is still worth it to not drive far so if you live in queen creek I would go. Go somewhere else if you are wanting drinks. They do not know what a good margarita is there
1	Good God, I hate this place.  Why do you go, you may ask?The answer?  Many of us have them: crazy in-laws.  In-laws who all live in WAY east valley (just call it what it is, PINAL county).  And they ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS pick Serrano's for dinner functions.  It really has been the only place out there for a long while as Christina A. says, but thank goodness more options are arriving, because neither I nor my intestinal tract can take this place any longer.Start your meal, if you dare, with the baby diarrhea bean dip.  As for anything else on the menu, close your eyes and stab a finger: it is all the same anyway, just different shapes, or layered differently, flat instead of rolled, folded instead of encased... IT DOESN'T MATTER, it barely qualifies as food anyway.  It's not even cheap enough to be worth it.  Ugh.  Save yourself.  Save your in-laws.  Just say NO to serraNOs.
4	I like Serranos and am a HUGE FAN - I think they have very good Mexican food, but I have always thought the Queen Creek one could have better customer service, and do a little more to make their facilities more clean.Nothing wrong that I would never eat there again, but I just feel they got to relaxed being the only Mexican Food choice out in QC for so long.  They have competition now, and they need to step it up to keep customers from going elsewhere.I am a huge fan of their Machaca, but they are not consistent.  Sometimes very hot (almost to hot for this white boy to enjoy) and sometimes not hot enough (in case you were actually looking for a food review - ha)  Everything I have had their has been good - especially if you love tacos.  very yummy - just want them to step it up a little.
3	Mediocre Mexican food at best, but the chips and salsa are above average.  As many others have stated there are not a lot of options Queen Creek or SE of Queen Creek.  This is a suitable family restaurant when driving into Gilbert/Mesa isn't a viable option and you are craving Mexican food.
4	I love this Serranos!  Every time that we have went here the employees are great, the food is awsome, and the price is right.  We started going here when we first moved to the QC a few years ago, and even though their are more choices out there, we still love our old reliable Serrano's.  I have never had a bad experience here and would reccomend this restaurant to anyone who likes inexpensive authentic mexican food.
1	Their service is awful (waiters very irresponsible)!!! I have an allergic reaction to onions and I asked if they had any in one of the things I ordered...they told me no that they didn't, but guess what they did! Next thing I know I was covered in a rash....the thing is I asked... they should have been more responsible and made sure!!! Never going back again...I would be careful if I were you!
4	The food is good. The chips and salsa are great. I like the vegetarian options here. I had the green chile tamale with beans and rice. The food comes out hot! The only thing is that the service is super slow! We had a group of 5 people of different ages and races. Everyone liked their food and was satisfied.
3	I have to admit that despite our close proximity to Mexico, I am typically underwhelmed with Arizona. I had a restaurant I loved in Chandler, but I have moved and it closed. Often when looking for Mexican in the QC I end up at Serrano's. For me, it is always average. Nothing bad, but nothing spectacular. I arrived tonight to a 20 minute wait. The restaurant appeared to be busy with the list and the number of people in the lobby, but once I was seated and ordered, the food arrived in less than 5 minutes. In fact, I was surprised at how quickly it showed up. I ordered the #23 comb, which is a taco, enchilada and tostada. I wish it were a burrito instead of tostada, but it's not - and even on the "build your own" combo section, a burrito wasn't an option.The service was very good. My waitress, Ashly,  was prompt, stopped by multiple times (although I only received one drink) and was cute. All good things. The chips and salsa are good and I like the tacos. The enchilada was a cheese enchilada, which is difficult to screw up. The tostada I am not a fan of - it gets a little soggy, has a ton of lettuce and I couldn't really eat it. Instead I skipped it and went back to the chips & salsa. My take-away from the experience was a cute waitress, a good taco, nice chips & salsa and quick arrival of food. Negatives for the tostada, the ton of salad and just one drink. Will I be back? Sure - the choices are limited in QC. Will I enjoy it? It's better than Taco Bell, but overall nothing I will get excited about.
4	This is the Mexican food I crave when I am traveling away from home. Chile relleno is great. Homemade bean dip and Jorge is the best most attentive waiter. On Thursdays they have live music that is fun and family friendly. We go at least once a week. True devotees.
4	the first time i went here was back in january when queen creek was having that week of crazy weather. went there for dinner with my boyfriend and his mom and the place was kinda crowded but we got seated really fast. the mariachi guy was walking around which was very interesting. for some reason it must have been an off night because our food was ok, and the credit card machine was down so all credit/debit transactions had to be ran through by hand.however...i was just there last sunday again with my boyfriend, his mom, and some more of his family and it wasn't that packed yet we prob waited like 45 mins, which i guess isn't too bad, but we were all very hungry. our waitress only came to check on us a few times. the food server guy and the chip guy came to check on us more than she did. but....the food this time was much better!! except for the fact that my boyfriends brother was getting pissed off because he wanted steak and they didnt have steak, then he wanted chicken enchiladas and they were out of the shredded chicken so he wasnt too happy. but the rest of us were! and my boyfriend and i got margaritas and they were good too! definitely will be back for sure!
2	Okay, went one night about 9pm to grab a margarita! It was terrible, they have some sort of premix that they poured out of an iced tea container. On the rocks... Just unappetizing and sickly sweet. While on the other hand the chicken tacos are always good and Sunday breakfast is good.  Let's not forget the always present distorted symphony of I'll behaved howling children.  God I fear for the future!Ahhh Memories!  Summary : good food, bad margaritas, bring your ear plugs!
3	Went tonight, & and although there were still a plethora of Really Bad Parents who expect that we look forward to listening to their ILL BEHAVED HOWLING children, the Magaritas were better.  Not exactly strong, but better.  The real downer? To float a shot of Tequila on top of my margarita would be more expensive than the margarita itself! OMG! Whats the point?  Give A Thirsty Girl A Break!
2	I have been to Serrano's several times and had the same experience each time; ok food and not great service.Each time I have gone I ordered an appetizer and a main course - the first time the main course came out before the appetizer, once the appetizer came out with the meal and the third time it came out less than a minute before the main course.   I get that things happen, but this is a clear pattern.They also committed one of my largest peeves and made us wait for a table when there were a lot of open set tables.  I have heard from others this is standard operating procedure for them.At best I would say the food is ok - noting particularly wrong with it, but each time I have been there  - I have left unimpressed by the food.I am a Mexican food fan and really wanted to like this place (I had heard good things), but in the end bad service and at best ok food - make Serrano's in QC forgettable.
4	My wife and I have been coming here for years and have never had any issues with service or food. The food that they serve has always been hot and fresh.
2	The chips, salsa, and bean dip was the best part. Service was slow. Mistakes in food order. Shredded beef? Where's the beef? Nachos had maybe 2 spoons of beef. The Beef meal was mainly rice and beans. My dads Pepsi was mainly ice and carbonation. We spent a lot of time correcting the order or reminding them. I was very confused by the massive amounts of olives on my nachos. One there was more olives than beef, second, WHY THE CRAP ARE THEY ON THERE? Disgusting!!!!
4	I like Serranos but sometimes their food seems a little too pre-made for my tastes. They have good salsa and bean dip and a good selection on the menu. Their veggie enchiladas are good as well as the spinach enchiladas. I like that they have fresh homemade tortillas. They aren't the best tortillas I've had but kudos that they don't use the waxy pre-packaged junk that a lot of places use.
4	Love this place for local, easy Mexican. We always ask for Jorge, whose fun and attentive. I'm a lover of chile relleno and their enchiladas. Being a zonie my whole life, I eat Mexican - well, a lot. Each place has it's specialty and for Serranos it's the relleno. It's a little hot, so prepare with a Patron margarita. Or three. Ah, the good life!
1	Let's get this out of the way first - the food was OK, but just OK.   At best, it gets 2 stars.  Mexican food for gringos.What was really awful horrible heinous was the service.   The evening started out well enough.  The hostess said the wait for a table would be 15 minutes.  We went to the bar and ordered margaritas (the upgrade from the house one).   Before the bartender finished making the drinks, the hostess came to take us to our table and said she would have our server get the drinks.  We were quickly served chips and dips.This is when things fell apart. It took at least 15 minutes to get the Margaritas.  However, they were really delicious!The waiter did not come back to take our order for another 15 - 20 minutes.  It took at least another 30 minutes to bring the food (soup and an appetizer plate).  During this wait, a different waiter came to take our order and a kitchen person tried to give us the food that belonged to another table.  When we did get our order, it had errors - my husband was given a cup of soup although he ordered a bowl and the guacamole never arrived at all.During all of these waits, the bus boys continuously asked if we needed anything but seemed powerless to do anything other than bring more chips.  We ordered a second round of drinks and these took even longer to get.  When we did get them, they were not what we ordered.  When the correction was made, they were so tart they were undrinkable.Our server apologized profusely because he knew he provided poor service, but honestly, I don't think he was the problem.  He seemed to be stressed and running all the time.  There seems to be a serious lack of organization and training in general.I see the reviews for Serranos are mixed.  We know we won't be going back anytime soon.
2	first time there in the past year.  used a gift card i got because of poor service last time.  guess what... super slow service again.  good food, but it took so long to come that we filled up on chips.  if it wasn't for the slow service i'd give it 4 stars
2	Average Mexican restaurant. Margaritas were dreadful, sent them back. Had chicken suiza enchiladas and my husband had chicken fajitas. The chicken was good. Server got several things wrong with our order but was friendly. Nothing special or outstanding about this restaurant.
4	I've had better. That's what she said. No, really, it was ok for a free meal, but the taco salad was pretty grody & I won't order it ever again. The staff gets 5 stars & the food gets 1 star, therefore = 4 stars
2	The only reason I end up here is because my in-laws love it. I've been to this place 4 times and I am just trying to get that delicious first taste back from when I first came in to eat. The biggest problem about this place is that it lacks consistency. For instance tonight my soup was cold and my wife got the wrong order. We have only seen the waitress twice tonight. Next time I go could be awesome. It is hit and miss.
4	We love going here! Food is really yummy, prices are reasonable and atmosphere is fun. The bean dip & salsa is soo good! My husband loves their tacos! I really enjoy the burros! The kids are always happy too which is huge!
3	Food and service are consistantly good - you have to order your margarita with specific instructions, otherwise you get a glass of sweet & sour.  Some staff appear to be lost or just hanging around but that doesn't affect my dining experience.  However, we always sit in the lounge so we can watch sports on the TV's.  Large outdoor patio is usually busy when we're not 100 degrees.
3	Good food good service. Had the chicken quesadilla. This place is kind of hidden but was a nice spot.
3	We have eaten here many times in the 7 years we have lived in QC. We usually go during offpeak times, so it's not busy most of the times. The service is average, occasionally we have gotten good service here. The food has been consistently slightly above average mexican fare. It's good enough that we keep coming back every couple of months over 7 years. We like the salsas, and we almost always order the pork.
5	Great food, excellent service and some of the best daquiris around.  My husband and I have eaten here numerous times and each time the food has always been delicious. We especially love the bean dip!  The service is also always outstanding. We highly recommend Serranos.
4	The service here often leaves something to be desired, and if you do take out from ANY of the Serrano's locations, you HAVE to check your order before you leave (different locations have screwed up our to-go orders twice now), but we've found the food to be consistently good.  I love the salsa and the fajitas camerones (shrimp fajitas).  They use Anaheim chiles in their fajitas instead of bell peppers -yum!
1	Worst restaurant experience of my life! On my friend's birthday, we went to Serrano's because she really wanted Mexican food. I had never been there but she said the food was good. We went with our husbands and her daughter. Basically, this restaurant ruined her birthday. After we were seated, it took nearly ten minutes for our server to even come by our table to take our drink order. Having been there so long, we were also ready to place our dinner order but were not given the chance as she rushed away immediately after asking what we wanted to drink. We had been there a total of 20 minutes before we even got drinks. We placed our dinner orders and it was disaster after disaster from there. After what seemed like forever, our food came out. Well, all except my friend's bean and cheese burro. That came about five minutes later and was cold. Not even lukewarm. Cold. When her food finally came, I was able to tell the server that they had messed up my order. I had asked for my burro to be served enchilada style and it was not. They took it back and threw some sauce on it, but neglected to add cheese. (I had even requested extra cheese on top.) At that time, my friend mentioned her food was cold. It came back 10 minutes later, still cold. Every time the server came by, she would put the food on our table and bolt before we could say anything. She never refilled our drinks. Not once! Even after several requests. After my burro came back with no cheese, it took several minites to flag down another server to tell him we needed to speak with the manager. By this time both my friend and I were seething because she had to send her cold food back again and after sending mine back they still couldn't get it right. The manager came and promised she would make things right. I told her my burro (which had been sitting on the table, untouched, for over ten minutes since they brought it back out) still didn't have cheese on top. My friend told her that her burro came out cold...twice. Instead of taking my burro back to have it fixed, the manager brought out a bowl of microwaved cheese and dumped it on my cold burro. I didn't eat that night. The third time my friend's burro came out (finally warm) she took two bites and was done. She said it tasted like it had gone through the microwave too many times. (Ew!) After that nightmare, and over an hour and a half after being seated, our checks came. They had mixed up items on both checks and the manager "took care" of us by refunding us each $3 for our ruined burros that cost $8 and $11 respectively. I was also charged for a side of sour cream that I ordered and never received, despite two requests. We again asked for the manager and told her that was unacceptable and didn't even come close to making it right. We also asked for our checks to be corrected. She brought back our checks with the items corrected and the paltry $3 refund. The manager "supplemented" the refund by offering us free ice cream. We had been there forever already, were running way late on our other plans for the evening and did not want ice cream. We declined and stated that we didn't think we should have to pay for our burros because we didn't even get to eat them. She said she'd bring back another check. By this time, my friend's daughter was restless and cranky, so my friend's husband took her out to wait in the car. More than 15 minutes later (!!!) our corrected checks finally came. I was still charged for the "enchilada style" and extra cheese for my burro, though we each had the $8 burros removed from our checks. I was still livid to have been charged for extras on an item that I was unable to eat. Unwilling to waste any more time fighting the injustice on my check, we paid and left. After two hours and paying way too much for the experience we just had, we finally left. I will NEVER go back to this place. The service is awful, the manager doesn't care, and is a total cheapskate. Stay far away!
3	This place is hit or miss but is our goto place for affordable Texmex. They can be slow but they are always nice.
4	Serrano's has been a constant in our lives since the 90's. We have celebrated many birthdays there over the years. Today, was no different. We had good service by Manuel today. He was prompt in getting our drink orders in and didn't hesitate over filling our chip bowl countless times. We had everything from the margaritas,  to the rellenos, chicken enchiladas, and tostadas. All which were very good. Our party of 5 adults and a baby spent 2 hours in our booth over lunch. Complimentary fried ice cream for our birthday kids was delish! The sombrero photos will be cherished forever.
5	We had around 25 people for our daughters graduation party on Saturday 6/15/2013. I have to say Serranos in Queen Creek did an excellent job. They were very attentive to everyone in our party. We had great service with Ivan.  He worked very hard and constantly asked if we needed anything or drinks. There also was a very nice young girl who worked that night who we really liked also, but I didn't get her name. Wish I did. Dan the manager was great. Food was great. It just turned out to be a fantastic evening. Everyone at Serranos went above and beyond to make our evening for our daughter a huge success. I want to tell Serranos in Queen Creek Thank you very much and we will definitely be back.
1	Want some sort of stringy chewy grey, meatish? looking stuff covered in fake cheesy, oily gravy nastiness with a huge side of gas? .......................Then eat here if you dare.Serrano's used to be good when they first opened in QC. Oh, for the good old days! They need to seriously redo their recipes........not just make the menu and marketing campaign pretty. EEE  GADS!!!
1	This place used to be our favorite. But the last 3-4 visits over the last year have been very disappointing.  The service is usually good, but the food has went down.  Also, there are flies all over the place landing in your food and on your drink straws. Disgusting.  Makes you wonder whats in the kitchen. The prices seems to have gone up too and food is mediocre. I wont go back at least to this location.
4	I love this place! Every time I come here, there is no wait, the staff is very friendly and I am always happy with my meal! Our last visit our waiter was very nice and sweet with my little boy and even gave us a coupon code from online to save us a few bucks on our meal! He was very nice and went out of his way to help us, that doesn't happen much these days! My taste buds go bonkers for their jalapeno cream cheese (fendido) sauce! It's cream cheese sauce with a kick of jalapenos, makes any Mexican dish ZING! Whenever I am in the mood for Mexican food, this is the place I think of first! Mmmmmmm delicioso!!!! This place is good if you want Mexican food and want to watch the game, for they have a full bar section away from the dining part, or if you and your family or friends would like a nice meal, they have the dining section away from the bar that you can sit at.
1	Hasn't been the same since they changed their chips over five years ago.   Thought we would give them another shot in Queen Creek.    My Son ordered bean and cheese  burrito. It was served wrong.   Needles to say we sent it back for a reorder.   Came home and my son can't get off the toilet.
4	Love their chips,  salsa and beans they bring to the table when you're seated.  I have never had anything bad,  but my favorite is the Tortilla Soup. It usually has more chicken than I can eat,  but the flavors are wonderful.  They also have the most delicious Tequila Lime cupcakes. ...... To die for.
4	Bean dip, yummy!  Spinach enchiladas- the only thing I ever order, and I always make everyone else try them- they are that good!The only thing that I suggest is that they get hitching posts, and perhaps a trough....when we ride horses in to the restaurant, we tie up to the light posts.
5	It has become a family tradition to have dinner here when we drive up from Vail, Az to Visit our family.  Yesterday confirmed that we could never go wrong.  A couple family members ordered their favorites,  like chicken quesidillas or fajitas, but my daughter and I broke with the norm and feasted on the new Del Mar Sampler.  Quite possibly  My all time favorite eat-out dinner.  Paired with the Mango Margherita,  oh my!  Worth driving the 90 some miles just to eat here.
3	Had dinner here with my wife. She had been to Serranos as a kid so we tried it and it was fine. I had fajitas and they were pretty good. The atmosphere is loud and kids all over the place but thats not the restaurant's fault.
4	Was in AZ visiting a friend and we had lunch here.  It was pretty good and the fundido sauce/cheese dip is amazing!  The waiter was excellent at following up with my questions regarding vegetarian options, and they have plenty of options to choose from if you are vegetarian, such as black beans rather than refried, spinach enchiladas, cheese quesadillas, cheese enchiladas, and maybe even veggie fajitas if you ask.  I'll eat here again when I go back to visit.
4	Holy guacamole!Thanks yelp for helping me find this place. The shredded beef burrito  was so tasty but be sure to get the guacamole on the sideNice place good service reasonable. I'll be back
5	Loved it!  We  visited Serranos for dinner yesterday and I have nothing but compliments to give.  I had the machaca  tacos and a chicken enchilada.  They were both extremely good!  As for the negative comments about the bean dip that's served with the chips, it's bean dip!! What do you expect?!?!  There's nothing special about it but it's not bad:).  To drink I had the 1800 margarita.  It was a good strong drink and only $8!I will definitely be back!
4	The thing about Serrano's is that you have to know what to order. The food is a hit and miss. Some of it is really good and some of it isn't. Their bean dip is amazing as well as their chunky house made salsa. The fajitas are weird, don't order them. The burritos and the chimichangas are the best things on the menu. Their sour cream is seasoned and it tastes kinda strange to be honest. But on the plus side their fried ice cream is to die for! Also they have some pretty damn decent cocktails and their happy hour prices are affordable. It is right next to my doctor's office so I will be back.
3	been here a number of times and have never really been all that impressed. quite frankly I think you can get the same food at someburros for less and you don't have to tip the waiter.
1	This was one of the worst experiences I ever had...the food was subpar and salty. The margaritas was served with little or no options...it was watery or extra mix.The service was abominable, and the prices were crazy for the quality of service and the food... this should be the last place for you and your family to enjoy or even entertain a culinary experience. The water server Preston was incredible he went out of his way to find bottled water that didn't exist.The unknown eater
5	I have been going to serranos since I was a kid. I love the food, especially their salsa, bean dip and tortillas.  I love that they are family owned. Good Mexican food is not easy to come by in the east valley but serranos is always a sure bet!
