5	A friend went to Q's for lunch yesterday and raved about it, so we set-out to give it a try for breakfast this morning. The menu looks awesome and I really wished we'd gone for lunch instead, as I was just drooling over some of the menu items. It sounds like we could have ordered lunch meals, but didn't feel like beef stew or meat loaf would have worked at 9:30am. We did try the fried okra, which was obviously scratch made, came with two dipping sauces and was terrific. I had eggs, sausage and hash browns, which were all great and my husband had the corned beef hash, which was house made and he loved it. The staff was very attentive and our coffees and waters were refilled quickly. Looking forward to heading back for lunch or dinner. Hope this place catches on and stays around.
5	Best New Place To Eat.Everything is Homemade...Best Grits in Town.  The Owners and the staff are great and makes you feel like family.  Each time I have been there (3) the food has been great.  They also make the best tea.  Will be telling everyone about how good the food is and to try them out.  Steff
3	The man that runs this place is very nice: chatty, good with opinions and suggesting dishes. He was great with the kids and even gave them big pieces of chalk to draw on the chalkboard stripe that runs along the wall next to your booth. Great dies. Also, it was kept meticulously clean which is hard to do! The eraser dust would not be very temping so this is a nice little detail.I had the meatloaf. It was rather small but good. The roasted garlic mashed potatoes were awesome as was the gravy. The meatloaf itself was wrapped in bacon but a little bit dry. The piece of cornbread that came with it was nothing to write home about. It was dry, dry, dry. Also, the menu listed it as already coming with the meatloaf and THEN you get to choose another side. Here, there was no cornbread included and this piece WAS my side. In the South, you better be able to make a good cornbread and a great biscuit. This was like a $.12 box of Jiffy mix.The burgers here are of the huge variety. There's a little one written in the menu as J.R. Burger. We talked with our kids about the difference in pronunciation between J.R. and jr. The menu was apparently wrong as this J.R. WAS called junior. Silly thing, I know. So, the DH and the boys aged 11 and 17 all got burgers. They can be one 1/4 lb patty, a 1/2 lb. and a whole pound. The kids meals was the same size a a normal adult one. The burgers are cooked one way: done. Not medium or rare. It's that kind of patty - thin and brown and tasty. The fries served with it were AWESOME, though. Cooked to a brown and salty crispiness, these were worth stopping by for all on their own. All in all, this little diner is pretty good. It is clean, the one man band running the show is nice, the chalkboard is great for little ones. On the other hand, the menu is breakfast and lunch only and somewhat limited past the burger page. The side choices are good and a little surprising. The cornbread needs to be rewritten entirely, though. The meal for 4 was about $45, a bit expensive for a couple burgers and a diner's blue plate special. Worth a try!
5	What a good find! Food was better then I expected.  Beef stew was awesome & I would order it again. A friend ordered the BLFGT sandwich(bacon,lettuce,fried green tomatoes, Creole sauce) & "loved it". "It was awesome!" Wait staff was friendly too. I'll be back! .
5	We were wandering around on Saturday and my belly started to rub a blister on my back bone from hunger. We started heading over to the Subway because it was the only thing we noticed near the other stores we were heading to. Once we got closer to the door of Subway we noticed a guy flagging us down next door with something in his hands. We passed up Subway to see what this commotion was all about, and he told us about Q's. Good thing too, because we hardly even noticed them sitting there next to Subway. I don't know if their sign blends in or what the deal was, but I had no idea they were there before we met Mr. Menu waver here. He told us that this place was a "Comfort Food" restaurant, and that's all my rumbly tummy needed to hear. I did an about face, and my feet practically ran me inside this cute little diner. When you walk in, you are greeted with an old 50's style diner feel. It was very cute and welcoming. At first there was no one else really in the place, but soon after we parked our behinds at a shiny red booth,  this little place was hopping! Our server was a very polite man who told us that the Macaroni and Cheese was the best thing in the world, so that was pretty convincing. I mean the WORLD is a pretty big place and all. You can also add deliciousness in the form of bacon or ham. I figured since I was being bad and ordering mac and cheese in the first place, may as well complete it and add bacon. The menu is an array of comfort foods just like he said, and I've been to other locations around Charlotte labeled as "comfort foods," and I was not happy. I didn't know comfort tasted like cardboard to some folks... Anywho, my mac and cheese/bacon comes out in a GIANT bowl... like 3 people could have shared this thing. My honey orders the fried pork chop platter with 2 sides.  The garlic mashed potatoes come with it already and then you pick an additional side. We chose the green beans, and they were the delicious almost crunchy type. Man, I tell you what, when that food came out, I almost stole it all and ran out the door with it because I didn't want to be nice and share. Can you imagine? A short girl running out the door with macaroni and pork chops sticking out of her pockets??? Yeah. I can... mmmmmmm...This place did not let me down and the food was just fantastic. I will go back again soon and get the pork chops for myself. They were amazing and the mashed potatoes were the best I've had in a long time. Heads up on the Yelp coupon though. When I showed it to the man the image on my phone, he seemed a bit confused and told me to print it off before I came in next time. Can we even do that? Anywho, not a big worry. I don't need a coupon with food as good as this.
4	I was a bit surprised by this joint. It's neatly tucked away between a Great Clips, Subway, and some sort of health nut store. At first glance you would think it's too small and it probably won't be around too long. Also, the man that runs the place had his face plastered up against the glass ( but a funny, nice guy) when we were looking at the menu on the outside, so it was a bit intimidating at first.As I said, the place is small but it's got that classic diner look about it which I appreciate. Our waiter was the owner I believe, he was super friendly, and liked to coach us on the menu. Drinks were brought out promptly while we studied the menu. Sweet tea was great, so things were looking up.We started off with fried pickles. Pretty damn good although I wish they had a bit more batter on them. We were given a cajun-mayo and ranch to dip them in. I ignored the tiny puddle of grease at the bottom because with fried-foods that sometimes can't be helped.We tried the chicken-fingers (AWESOME), chicken pot-pie (pretty good), and mac-n-cheese with bacon (good). Now, the mac-n-cheese was good, but as an entire entree I was not a fan. It would've worked better as just a side for me with some other dish. The chicken pot-pie was more on the soupy side....bordering on a stew. It was good but there was some spice that was in it seemed to overpower it just a tad. Not sure what it was. We wish it had more of the bread-topping to it to thicken it all up a little more. The cornbread was a tad on the sweet side (which I prefer) but was too dry. As I said before, the chicken-fingers were great and the accompanying fries were FANTASTIC. Really, some of the best fries in Charlotte. I will be back to try something different, maybe something from their breakfast menu. Those chicken-fingers will be hard to pass up. Hey...chicken with waffles! There you go.Your pal,Walter
3	Very cute place. New and fresh so it doesn't have the sticky diner feel. Cheap eats. The high point to me was the pancake. Real flapjacks, kinda chewy and a little crisp on the edges. Soaked up the syrup just right.But the low point was the coffee. I don't say this lightly: the coffee was BAD. Not "sitting on the burner too long", it was fresh, but it was bad. I've had better instant coffee. If the pancakes weren't so good and the prices so low, this would be two stars.
1	We went here on a Saturday around 1, and the place was packed, so I had high hopes. We were told by the girl at the counter that there was no room for us, but we didn't mind waiting a few minutes, and a couple tables were getting ready to leave. We waited another 5 or so minutes for someone to clean off a table. Once we were seated, our drink order was taken quickly, and while waiting for our drinks, we perused the menu. We both ordered breakfast, which is served all day.  My husband had been hankering sausage gravy and biscuits, and I ordered eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast. What could go wrong with that, right?  When our food arrived, the eggs were crispy around the edges and swimming in grease, the two pathetic pieces of bacon were crispy enough, the toast was cold and barely toasted (I had to request what turned out to be frozen butter) and French fries. I was told they were out of breakfast potatoes, but that they were like the fries, just cut up. My husband said the gravy and biscuits were just ok (while wondering how it is that, living in the south, he can't seem to get a decent biscuit)  All in all, a very disappointing experience, and can say with all certainty, we won't ever go back!
3	My boyfriend and I have been to Qs Diner a few times already, and it's pretty good. The first time we went, we were planning to eat at Subway, but we saw this place, so we decided to stop in. The breakfast isn't the greatest, but they have wonderful burgers and french fries. The store owner is also very friendly, and everytime we come in, he always seems to remember us and talk to us like we're family. I definitely recommend this place. Let's keep them in business!
2	I don't think this diner is going to last. They need to rethink their branding and food selection.
