3	Went here for lunch today (Wasn't feeling the hot pocket I had in the freezer here at work) What can I say. Its Subway. Its consistently mediocre. Its not overly fantastic, but its not knock me on my ass terrible. Subway is kinda like Olive Garden for me...some times you just need mediocre food. I don't know why it is...and maybe I am the only weirdo... But one thing is for certain, it always tastes the same every time I go there. Maybe it has that high school nostalgia for me. I dunno. I also like stail Necco waffers, so maybe dont pay attention to any of my reviews. I get the Spicy Italian, on cheese bread (duh), provolone cheese, light mayo, mustard, lettuce, cucumbers, olives, onions, peppers and LOTS of banana peppers, S&P. That's how I roll.
4	OK, unless you've been in a coma for 40 years you know everything there is to know about Subway.  That being said, each franchise/location can differ greatly in service and quality.This particular location offers fantastic service, and has such long-tenured employees they have to have a PHD in sandwhich artistry.  If you could get above a PHD they would have this distinction.  I swear the same guy who was working here when I moved to the Valley 4 yrs ago is still here.AND, right now (2/08/11) is $5 for any foot long.  Booyaa!
4	This location review based off of experience on Thursday morning. Walked in and the store was clean and empty. I was actually only customer there. I was greeted promptly for my order. Within 5 min order was complete.  I ordered the cheese and egg omelet. Tasty pretty tasting but shocked at sticker price for sandwich.  Cost $7.50 for foot long and drink. Side note subway change the pee color branding (like booth seats) with something more updated. Just look yucky and dirty even when clean.
3	So here's a funny story.Well, not "Ha Ha funny", but funny.  I came here for lunch yesterday and I had a coupon to buy one six inch with a drink, get a second six inch for free.  So I order a BMT (long way from Brooklyn I know) and go to pay.  "That will be $6.61 please."  Say what?  "Oh, the sandwich $4.74 (for a 6") and the drink is $2.00, along with tax, that's $6.61"  Ah, huh.I smile, and wonder why I didn't get two of their "$2.00 Customer Appreciation Specials"?  Oh, because with a drink and tax, it would have been $6.61 as well.  LOL  Well that's one way to get your average customer ticket price up, just fixed the outcome.
3	All of the vegetables were almost frozen, and there was ice forming on the containers around the meats. Little strange. I got my veggie patty toasted, which turned out okay, but I wanted to eat it as quickly as possible before the shame settled in. It's pretty hard to be vegetarian on the go, but I am glad this place accommodates. They also take coupons from competitor restaurants, as well as any old or expired coupons from subway in the years past. I remember when they had punch cards for a free sub -- I could have used them here!!! :)
