5	The food is awesome, but the service here is great. I asked about options for my girlfriend since she cant have bread, and they not only prepared a lettuce wrap but offered to sanitize the counter since bread was prepared on it. It wasnt necessary, but it was great for him to offer!
2	Not a fan of the menu. The meal was just not great at all especially for the prices. Doubt I will go back when there are so many other awesome places like:GoodcentsEuropean Bakeryetc
1	Not impressed.  For a restaurant that claims to offer "Gourmet Sandwiches", the menu is very limited. The sandwiches are nothing special and skimpy...maybe two ounces of meat and cheese combined. For a dollar more, you can get shredded lettuce and tasteless tomato. Or at least I think so, as I wasn't asked what I wanted on my sandwich. Service was delivered with an "I'd really rather be anywhere else" demeanor, and when I asked for salt I was told it wasn't available. Really? Next time, Subway or Quiznos.
2	Jimmy johns subs are very good, but so much for their freaky fast delivery.  I order from the store at about 3rd st and bell rd and I live less than a mile from their location and i have only had them deliver within 30 minutes 2 times, but it usually takes about an hour and i order from them at least one time per week.  I have learned that if im going to order from them to make sure that I am not in a rush.  For instance, I ordered from them at 11:36 figuring I would have time to eat because i had somewhere i had to be at 1 and 12:45 rolls around and still nothing so i called and they said the sandwich should be there in about 5 minutes because they had other deliveries they had to make, so i was screwed and had to cancel my order and hurry up and head out for a meeting, and then they argued with me saying just stay there its on its way and i told them i cant that i have to go and be somewhere at 1.  Good sandwiches, horrible delivery services.  average wait time about 50 minutes to an hour and i have had them deliver at least 20 times to my place.
5	My first visit here I was not impressed, I ordered a sub for delivery and it was across the street and in my opinion took far too long, perhaps shortage on staff or lack of customer service who knows. I went into the store the second time and the employee by the name Austin completely changed my point of view.  I typically give restaurants two strikes and I'm done which is not the case for Jimmy Johns today.Austin helped my with amazing customer service and had a smile on his face the whole time. He took the time to allow my to customize my sandwich and when I as done doubled checked and asked if I wanted cheese since It didn't come on it. Which I'm glad he double checked cause I love cheese! Customer service likes this makes me want to return just for the environment.  Some sandwiches are standard but some are really unique and good if you just branch out from your norm and try them.Its refreshing to see people love what they do regardless of the job.
1	Jimmy john's is awful.  If the only thing you can hang your hat on is that you're quick w your subs ... count me out.... Just get better subs and spend an extra minute on them to make them decent sandwiches.
