5	We have lived here 7 years and really like it, nice & quiet!!
1	THIS PLACE IS A COCKROACH HAVEN!!  If you love having cockroaches in your bathroom, garage, front yard, kitchen and even at the pool live here!! This place should be condemned!!!!!
3	Nice employees.  Great maintenance team and nice pool.  Feels safe. Very manicured landscape. Units are overall clean. Not sure why they have a clubhouse because you can't rent it out.  My unit sits above 3 garages and I hear them going up and down at 2am, 3am, 4am, and more.  Very hard to cool my unit down in the summer so I'm moving out.
2	So I went to go visit a bunch of properties in Vegas. From the outside, this property looks very nice. The Staff is friendly as well. However, once you step into the apartments, you know that this is an old property. Every apartment we went into had a weird smell. The appliances were outdated. I would suggest looking at other rental properties and paying a bit more. This property does however look very safe.
5	I love this apartment complex!They have several layouts and mine is the two story townhouse. My husband and I searched long and hard but eventually we just came back to this one. Located off the 215 and Flamingo, we are right behind the freeway but don't hear a thing. Dog friendly with lots of grassy areas and poop bags for dogs. Spacious for the cost with attached garages. Leading office and guard shack staff are courteous. Never used the pools or the gym. If we could buy our place, we would. We love it here!
1	STAY AWAY.  We signed a lease agreement 1 month prior to moving in.  When it came time to move in the unit SMELLED real bad like stale cigarettes and we complained.  There were no other units available so they said they would clean carpets.ductwork.  Nothing changed and then they sprayed for insects which masked the smell, but we could not stand the insecticide smell.  They agreed to release us from the agreement but would not give a refund for our $1000 deposit.  Took 2 hours at the sales office, rude treatment, and now we are seeking a legal recourse to get our money back.  Find another place to live.S.W.
