4	Pamela's has moved from its old Squirrel Hill location on Forbes next to the library, and is right around the corner on Murray, in the former Panera Bread space. Even though they have put in a lot of tables in this new location, the dining area feels a lot less cramped than the old space. If you're lucky, you might even be able to snag one of the patio tables overlooking Murray. The food and service is more or less the same as the old location. Get the strawberry hotcakes. Even though I feel sleepy after polishing them off, those thin crispy pancakes rolled up with strawberries and brown sugar are totally worth it. The servers aren't the friendliest, but they're very efficient and will have your order out in very little time--which means you can be savoring strawberry hotcakes all the sooner.Oh, and keep an eye out on the storefront next door--Pamela's owners are turning it into a Latin American eatery. I wish I weren't moving from this neighborhood and from Pittsburgh so soon!
3	I live half a block from this new Pamela's location....which means I lived about 1 block from the old location.  I never went to the old location - just too far away I guess - but now that they're a cozy 1/2 block down the street, I summoned the energy to pay them a visit.Ha, no, I'm not that lazy.  Honestly it was the outdoor tables that sold me about this location - and the fact that it's summer.  I figured we'd be waiting for a table, and who wants to wait in the snow?  Actually, at 11 on a Sunday, four of us got a table within about 15 minutes, so that's not bad at all.  We got a patio table too, which was great for people watching.I know this is blasphemous, but none of us wanted pancakes.  I know!  Everything I read in the reviews beforehand was a rave about the glorious hotcakes.  I'm sure they are delicious, I just truly cannot eat a whole plateful of sweet dessert-esque breakfast.  Maybe if I come again with my boyfriend, he will get the pancakes and I can try them.   Instead, I got the corned beef hash.The savory dishes were all pretty heavy and a little greasy, but honestly pretty good.  I enjoyed the salty meat, the abundant potatoes, and the well-cooked eggs.  The wheat toast was hilariously DROWNED in butter...which was kind of delicious.  But it was funny in its excess.  This food is all about excess, mainly in calorie form.  I couldn't finish it, but I usually can't finish my food, so that's not unusual.  The price was right - about $6.95 for a very big breakfast.  Service is quick and inattentive - don't bother waiting for your server to refill your water glass, you will need to flag someone down.  But we lingered a bit over coffee and nobody hassled us or tried to make us leave, so that was nice.I'd come back - it's right across the street - but I honestly find the menu limiting.  Basically, go if you want pancakes or omelets.  The breakfast options besides those are limited.  I'd enjoy a wider variety of savory breakfast options, but frankly the food is so cheap, I'm happy to have whatever they're offering.  It's filling and satisfying, and decadent in its high-cal glory.
5	Today I was in a Pamela's Pancake Coma. After ingesting two of these famous little devils, I proceeded to race to the airport (Because we left the restaurant too late) and missed my flight back to Boston. I am writing this waiting for 5 hours, and I still am not hungry for lunch. At least I ended my trip home well. This story, only validates the fact that when growing up in Pittsburgh,  Pamela's is the best staple breakfast joint. The previous location in Squirrel Hill was a tiny little hut, but now, the new Pamela's Upstreet takes over the old Panera space on Murray Avenue and includes garage door-style front patio.My staple at Pamela's has to be the crispy crepe-like chocolate chip, banana stuffed pancakes! They are thin and decadent. Buttery and rich. After eating two of these, you will be stuffed, happy and ready for a mid-morning nap (or a missed flight) I also love that they also have a special called "The Morning After," Which, I feel like describes the quality of Pamela's "Hangover Cure." Also, don't forget to try the semi-famous potatoes alongside a carafe of hot coffee for 1.95 pp! My only riff is that I find it problematic that our server was busy and couldn't be that attentive. I'm sure the weekends are a circus show, but I still give them 5 stars. It's a diner people! Maybe next time I'll eat at Pamela's before the day of my flight. So I can stuff my face, and go home to take a nap.
5	What do strawberries, brown sugar and sour cream have in common...? (see the answer below.)Don't let the long line, that winds out of the restaurant, discourage you. These folks are serious foodies and will not let you languish, light-headed from hunger, out on the street. I walked in the door thinking that it would be a month long weight. The perky hostess, with the really cool wind-surfing shoes chirped, "15 minutes." And 15 minutes it was down to the last second. Pamelas is one of those small, cozy (and by "cozy" I mean a tight fit) neighborhood places that you wish were just around the corner from where you live. I went with the suggestions by my fellow Yelpers and ordered the strawberry hotcakes. The hotcakes are really not the kind you'd get in most diners - these are thin, chewy, delicately browned, buttery crepes filled with....drum roll, please...fresh strawberries, brown sugar and sour cream.  Somehow all these ingredients work together in one melodious symphony in your mouth. It is just the right combination of sweet and tart. My only complaint is portion sizes. They give you two of these delights that cover the plate from end-to-end.Service was lightening fast (5 minutes on a busy Saturday morning) and pleasant. Coffee was strong but rich - the kind you love to doctor to get it just right. The hub order corned beef hash - delish - this stuff ain't outta the can! If I lived in Pittsburgh, this would be my go-to breaky stop!!
4	Took a couple out of town friends to the new Pamela's location on a Monday morning. Our server was cheerful and friendly, and refilled drinks as if he were reading your mind. Our food came out SUPER fast. I mean like LIGHTNING. Our friends were really impressed, which makes us look good. The new interior is adorable, still retaining the retro kitsch everyone loves. Probably the best experience I've had at any Pamela's so far!My only peeve with Pamela's is their bacon. It's not that good. It's too thin and skimpy and tastes like that microwaveable, pre-cooked bacon you get at the grocery store. I wish they would upgrade to some nice thick pepper bacon or something.STILL cash only.
3	I was visiting friends. In Pittsburgh and they said I had to try this place.  It was quite good and the pancakes were bigger than my head.  But being that I'm a Jersey native, I'm a bit biased on diners.  It's certainly good.  And most certainly worth giving your business to.  But if you want diner food, get on 80 and head east.
5	Just because they moved to a bigger location (and replaced Panera) doesn't mean that the wait gets that much shorter, especially if you have a group of more than 4 hungry people.Their hotcakes and corn beef hash are very yummy as usual. The service is fast and feisty like before. Also, CASH ONLY. Even with their attitude and the wait...I haven't been able to get breakfast as good as this so I'm willing to tolerate anything.My must-get is strawberry hotcakes with a side of corn beef hash. You can't go wrong with that!
4	This is a mixed review. We were pleased to see that the OG Pamela's had spread it's wings and moved to a bigger location. Since our fair President had visited Pamela's (and made her pancake recipe a White House staple- holla!) this modest chain has gained much more popularity it seems- even though there were always lines around the block to get in.Pat and I elected to sit outside, even though it was rainy and humid. On the far wall there is a bunch of old Pamela's memorabilia, but the patio are was super cramped, and felt kind of generic. My rear end brushed against the table next to me and my eyes met the glare of a not so pleased diner (not that u can blame her- I was in workout gear and this was a post-workout brunch). The service was prompt and friendly. I ordered the Spinich and Feta omelette, with a side of pancakes (oh course!) and it seemed that somewhere between the trek "upstreet" the size of the omelette had shrunk. The pancakes were as delish a ever though.I don't know- I would come again but would elect to sit inside next time. The vibe seemed a lot more authentic in there, with much more elbow room.Ps. Glaring girl, if you are reading this, sorry 'bout that.Pss. Cute blonde waitress who thought I was a dude and kept calling me a "him", it's all good. I've been called worse. ;)
5	You really can't spend more than a few days in this city without hearing about Pamela's.  I was told it had decent food at a good price, but was really over hyped.The new location has apparently also improved the food.  Now don't get me wrong; this place is a through and through American as apple pie type breakfast joint.  I feel like calling it a greasy spoon is really doing it a disservice. The pancakes are great, the eggs perfectly fluffy and the meat is neither too salty nor overcooked.  On multiple occasions  the food has been consistent, quick and plentiful.  The portions are in no way small.  They aren't huge but they are more than any normal human should eat in one sitting.  Do you want a great all-American breakfast at a great price that is in no way greasy?  Pamela's is your best bet.Cash only!
4	Ahhh, that was a tasty meal. My blood pressure's up a little bit from the corned beef hash, but it was exactly as hash should be: hot, crumbly, salty, and crispy. Admittedly, I did request it extra crusty, because most places don't take the time to let the crust develop in their frenzied rush to serve the crowd of folks waiting impatiently outside. How would it have been cooked if I hadn't requested it that way? Who knows. But props for entertaining my request and cooking it right. The eggs were over easy as ordered, the orange juice was ice cold, and the price was right.A few constructive comments: Cash only sucks in this day and age, especially when I can't keep track of what I spend my money on unless it's captured on my credit card statement. To the hostess, if you choose to sit me down at a table that still has dirty dishes on it, make sure to have it wiped down. Sure it was mostly clean, but there was a tiny puddle of coffee from the previous diner--kinda gross. Also, it took a smidge longer than one might expect for the waitress to come around, but when I flagged her down she was more than happy to take my order.Lastly, the overall wait for a table wasn't too bad: I would say maybe 15 minutes mid-morning on a beautiful Sunday in September. Isn't that primo brunching time? Although, with the Steelers playing at home, I'm guessing a large chunk of their usual crowd was probably tailgating...
4	Yummy breakfast, huge portions, great price point.I had an omelet (I like mine a bit underdone) and it was perfection. My BFF had the corned beef hash.The service is exceptional, even when they are slammed. I can see why locals love this chain/place.
2	I still don't get the local attraction of Pamela's.  It's the place to be seen on weekend mornings, but the food is mediocre at best.  Combine it with bad service, and you get two stars.  I've been 3-4 times now, and the waitresses have, on all visits, forgotten something, brought food out at weird intervals, or otherwise demonstrated a lack of any sort of focus on good, consistent service from the owners and/or managers.  Do yourself a favor and hit a better brunch place for better food or just hit the Eat'n Park down the street for solid brunch food with better service.  I really want to follow my standard rule and take another star off for not taking credit cards, too, but I'll be nice and keep them at two.  Pamela's is by no means a tiny mom and pop place, so it's time for them to realize that it's not 1985 anymore.  (Of course, that would make it harder to hide revenue, too.)
2	Apparently Pamela's is a most try for their pancakes, but I wasn't impressed.  It tasted like a thin, greasy, fried crepe.  I prefer my pancakes light, fluffy, and melting in my mouth.Seeing as how the pancakes are the main attraction, I'm not in a hurry to go back.  The service was average to slow, due to the large crowds, and the decor & atmosphere is just ok.
3	I don't know why Pamela's is popular.Hangover food? Yes. Filling? Yes. Cheap? Yes. Impressive/good quality? Noooo.Orange juice is from concentrate. Maple syrup is corn syrup. Whipped cream is not homemade. Basically, you're getting cheap food made with cheap ingredients. That's FINE if you're in the mood for a quick grease fix. Pamela's will satisfy you. It's tasty enough for what it is, but I would never rave about it or say it was anything special. I feel very much let down because I expected something better based on their reputation as a Pittsburgh favorite. I'm actually kind of mad about it. I need to calm down! Also, the servers have been unfriendly on several occasions.Still looking for a Pittsburgh breakfast gem...
3	Grease + Huge Portions + Low Prices = Solid Breakfast
4	This place is cool.  I dig the crepe pancakes.  The malted waffle was good too.  Tried a ham and egg club sando with onion rings and the pile of rings was real respectable.  Good eats and they kept the drink refills coming.They are cash only which was a slight inconvenience.   Being from out of town, the closest ATM hit me for $3 service and I am sure my bank will do the same on the other end.
5	A long time ago, I went to a Pamela's with some friends, and walked away upset because I didn't like the ala carte system; the best deals are with the set breakfasts, and you pay more getting exactly what you want.I still don't like that, but it doesn't hold me back from giving this place five stars, mainly because it's that good.  If this is your first time to a Pamela's, by all means get the pancakes.  They don't make 'em like this anywhere else.  The lyonnaise potatoes are also really amazing.  Recently, all I ever order is the blueberry stuffed pancakes - again, I could nitpick, and say I wish the blueberries weren't as cold as they are, but again - those pancakes.As far as this particular location goes, it's the newest, and much larger than the old location.  They give you carafes of coffee at your table, and the mugs themselves are no longer those chintzy little plastic things, but solid ceramic.  Things like that matter.
5	Excellent quality and quantity and great bang for your (cash only) buck!  I order Gail's Eggs every single time I come here but have sampled husband's pancakes, omelettes and hashes- all incredible.  The staff is warm and welcoming and there seems to be very little turnover as I continually see the same faces, year after year.  My only complaint is the cash-only aspect, but since they're so good they can get away with it.
1	I've been going to Pamela's in it's various locations for over 20 years, mainly for the pancakes, which are indeed wonderful.  However, in my visit today, I desired a second cup of hot tea. The server attempted to charge me again, a second $1.90. When I objected, I was told it was the policy.I spoke with the manager. He would not change the policy, and said only that he would talk to the general manager. I asked if the restaurant charged for a second cup of coffee. Of course not. Refills on iced tea? Free, of course. I pointed out the cost to the restaurant of that second cup of tea. (Approximately seven cents, including the generic tea bag, a few ounces of hot water.) He only reiterated that he couldn't change the policy.It's a shame, I've enjoyed Pamela's. But until they change this obnoxious policy, I won't be returning.
4	What makes a fabulous all-day breakfast joint even better? When they move to a larger space that's lighter and brighter and even has a small outdoor patio, that's what! You can't miss with anything on the menu at Pamela's. A must is the Lyonnaise potatoes with any meal . . . so scrumptious! I love the fact that they give you a nice-sized carafe of coffee so you don't have to wait for refills, and it's pretty good coffee to boot!If I lived in the Burgh, there is no doubt this would be on my regular rotation for weekend breakfast . . . maybe even a couple of days during the week, too!
4	What a fantastic breakfast. Service is good and the food is outstanding. Parking can be tricky but with a fun neighborhood like this, who cares? I'll go back here again ASAP!
4	I had maneuvered the hungry crowds waiting on Murray for admission into Pamela's over multiple weekends and decided it was finally time, as a resident of Pittsburgh, to be one of the masses waiting street side.  Fortunately I went with just one other breakfast lover and our wait was less than the quoted 10-15 minutes.  We were ushered in after about a 5 minute wait.  The service here is fast and efficient.  After binging on leftover Halloween candy, I opted out of the famed California french toast or crepe items and instead got the more savory corned beef and Swiss omelet.  It was really delicious, and I agree that the potatoes are excellent. With quick service, good coffee, and wonderful breakfast fare, I imagine that I will be a regular sidewalk obstacle for Murray weekend pedestrians.
3	Love the food and the atmosphere, however some of the wait staff are very rude!!!!! My sister and I were seated, and we were asked for drink orders. Right after we were asked for our food order, and didn't even get a chance to browse the menu. We advised we needed a couple minutes to decide, and then she went to get our drinks. Observing... The same waitress automatically brought water to other tables before taking their drink orders, and throughout the meat she came to check on everyone but US... this particular waitress barely got a tip for this kind of behavior.... They also forgot the cheese for mine and my sisters eggs...
1	I've had my share of complaints about the chain of Pamela's restaurants--most saliently, very few menu items are good and you shouldn't call yourself a diner if I can't walk in and get breakfast for dinner--but the one in Squirrel Hill really hit a new low the way they kept us waiting.Yes, I know Pamela's is very popular and one should expect a line.  I would have had no problem with a line.  There was no line.  There were tons of empty tables.  But my brunch companion and I were left standing around.  A simple miscommunication or oversight by the staff?  I thought so too, but after talking with two staff members three times, it was obvious that was not the case.Eventually I figured out the problem: there were two of us, and they didn't want to waste a table that could seat four people on a mere couple.  This seems like a bad business practice on a number of levels.  First, it annoys your customers to keep them waiting.  It annoys them even more when they're standing next to multiple empty tables and aren't allowed to use any of them.  Second, with no line and many empty slots, it's hardly profit maximizing.  I could have been halfway through my meal by the time another customer walked in, and given the relatively late hour and the way the crowd was dwindling, the restaurant might not have been completely full at any point for the rest of the day.I always thought waiting in line at Pamela's happened because it was just that popular.  But maybe it's not.  Maybe waits at Pamela's happen because they don't know how to properly manage a queuing system.
5	Wow!  The banana and chocolate chip pancakes are incredible.  Great little diner.  Will definitely be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
4	Good food
2	My boyfriend and I came here to look for some good breakfast. Their food is tasty at first, but it takes just for one or two bites later until you realize that it's way too greasy and extremely salty! We had ordered multiple items since we were very hungry and we were completely disappointed when all of their food tasted exactly the same! A salty heart attack!
5	Excelllent!! They serve a big portion so be prepared!!
5	I don't often give out five stars, but when I do, it's for Pamela's crape pancakes. Cash only is annoying.
4	The hot cakes are very good. In the winter, they use frozen strawberry but they use fresh ones in summer. My favorite one is walnut banana hot cake. The service is very  fast because they always have a long line. The waiter service is ok. For 7 to 8 dollar per person breakfast, the price is good.
4	If you live in Pittsburgh, you have to come here for  breakfast/brunch. Amazing hotcakes. They're more like a cross between a crepe and a pancake, but so buttery and delicious. They do get sickening after a while though. I also recommend their Lyonnaise potatoes. Crispy, oniony, salty, and delicious. I've also tried their cinnamon raisin bread. Very sweet and full of fat raisins.For lunch I've tried their fish sandwich. The fish is huge and they give you a lot of fries, but it is an average fish sandwich. Come really early in the morning, otherwise line is always long, especially at the Shadyside location. Overall, large portions, cheap price, not good for diet.
4	Great breakfast place!
5	Our all time favorite breakfast destination. Grandchildren come from NY for the pancakes that are out of this world!
2	I paid $8 for a cheese and mushroom omelette which consisted of american cheese and canned mushrooms.  Waste of money, too greasy, wouldn't go back.
5	Always worth the wait!  The hot cakes might kill you if you're already on the verge of blocking an artery, but they're worth it!  The potatoes are also some of the best I've ever ordered anywhere.  To top it all off, the wait staff is always on its game. If you're not willing to wait, you can usually walk right in after 1:00 or so.
4	Yeah, there's a reason the hotcakes are so popular. They're really, really good. They're not as thick as traditional pancakes and the edges are thin and crisp, like lacy crepes. I ordered mine with a breakfast (as I failed to eat dinner the night before - I was on a plane, and then I was too tired), with strawberry topping, and it was SO DELICIOUS. If I had spent a few more days, I'd probably go again, but I'm sure this would be on my list for a return trip. The rest of the breakfast was normal diner fare. I have no complaints, but it wasn't particularly memorable. The sausage was greasy but good. The coffee was subpar, though.
2	Surprisingly, I am not a big Pamela's fan.  It is OK,  not too expensive and a pretty big menu except that they do not have waffles!  How can they not have waffles?  I will get them a waffle machine!  I am not a big fan of their pancakes as I think they are too greasy and I prefer the light fluffy kind....Eggs and toast items are OK.... Good place to take kids.
3	Was here for breakfast - epitome of diner food breakfast for sure.Protip: Hotcakes are not pancakes.  This place serves hotcakes, meaning they are greasily cooked platters of batter and will taste as much.  It might not be everyone's favorite, or even good, but it does serve a purpose.  I probably could only eat them once a year - or every two years - but they have an appeal.  (To be fair, I can only really eat one pancake or hotcake, they just automatically fill me up).Coffee is served in carafes here - excellent.This place gets 3 stars because it's a cool hang and place to eat with friends, but there's nothing extraordinary about it or that draws you back when there's so much more around that's shiny and attractive.
5	Looking for a greasy home style breakfast? Pamela's doesn't skip a beat. Even though they are famous for their hot cakes I personally am more of a fan of their omelettes. The potatoes shouldn't be ever skipped and the coffee is perfection. Make sure you bring cash because they don't accept major credit cards. But don't let that stop you!
3	The pancakes are apparently the big thing here. Literally and figuratively. They are pretty tasty, but honestly it's pretty hard to have bad pancakes. Otherwise, the other foods are okay -- just typical breakfast/brunch foods. Maybe I'm just not a breakfast person.
5	Pamela's is amazing, I've been going here for years and never fails to disappoint. Strawberry hotcakes and omelette... Home fries are my favorite!! Always leave feeling full and pleased. When my friends from out of town are visiting I always take them here and they always rave about how delicious it was. Pamela's is definitely Pittsburgh's diner!!
5	Delicious!  My husband and I ate here for brunch on a Saturday morning.  We were able to walk right in around 9am and were served immediately.  We shared the chorizo hash with fried eggs, strawberry hotcakes, and a side of lyonnaise potatoes.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  The strawberry hotcakes are stuffed with fresh strawberries and sour cream which was a surprisingly amazing combination.  I would go back everyday just for the lyonnaise potatoes.  Do not forget to order these when you go!  Quaint, diner environment with an open front-room if the weather is nice.  The perfect brunch place whenever you visit Pittsburgh!
4	Delicious, filling breakfast place. Quite crowded in the weekend mornings. Service is okay but sometimes plates and glasses are a little dirty.
4	On our way out of town, we stopped by Pamela's to fuel up for the road.  The food here is extra greasy, but also extra delicious.  They can get a little crowded later in the morning, but when we visited around 9 on a Saturday morning there was plenty of seating available.I think most of Pamela's dishes are fairly good, but there are two in particular that I would recommend.  On this particular visit I got to eat some of both - the Blueberry Hotcakes and the Corned Beef Hash.  Actually, any kind of specialty hotcakes are great.  Pamela's hotcakes are kind of crepe-like - thin and buttery, and extra delicious with any (and all) kinds of toppings.  The corned beef hash is tasty, and my favorite out of the savory dishes.Overall, good food, low prices, and decent portions.  Great for breakfast or brunch!
5	Absolutely delicious! Was my first time having corned beef hash and now I'm scared to get it anywhere else because I don't want it to be ruined for me. I also got the California French Toast topped with bananas and walnuts. My girlfriend got the California French Toast topped with chocolate chips and walnuts. We both give this place 10 out of 5 stars. Was only in town for the weekend competing in a fitness competition but anytime I'm in Pittsburgh, there's no doubt I'll be visiting this place again!
1	Overrated. The food is not worth the dining experience and the staff is less than friendly or accommodating. I'll never attempt to eat here again.
2	The food is good but the service is bad, they think they are doing us a favor by serving us. It's your job a$$hole!!!
3	Although bigger than its previous location (now including outdoor seating) this new location seems to be lacking the pizzazz and charm that it had before. However, the food is still great greasy spoon breakfast grub; can't go wrong with their hotcakes and be sure to give their corned beef hash a try. Also don't forget cash as it's still cash only!
4	Great for breakfast or lunch! The omelettes are gigantic (they're big enough for me to split across two days), and only ~$7. Be sure to try the lyonnaise potatoes! They're amazing (though surely not the healthiest option on the menu!)My only complaint is the wait on the weekends. There's always a line that stretches down the block. For those who don't know, there's a sign-in sheet inside where you should list your name--you'll be seated a lot faster that way.Oh, and cash only. That part sucks.
5	I am a man who cares about pancakes. Pamela's makes the best pancakes. Period. The home fries are also excellent. Everything else is fine (eggs, bacon, omelettes, etc.) but not amazing. They don't have pure maple syrup... and usually that's a deal-breaker for me when it comes to pancakes, but the pancakes are so freaking good that you don't even have to put anything on them at all.6 stars for the pancakes, 4 for everything else, call it 5.
5	The Obama's love their pancakes so you know they're a big deal to the locals. Love their corned beef hash and eggs but my favorite is the banana walnut pancakes with bacon. Delicious doesn't begin to describe it. Cash only and they get busy so go during the week or be patient.
3	What a disappointment.  Pittsburgh, explain your obsession with Pamela's to me now.  It makes no sense.  Pamela's is decent, though slightly pricey, for just diner food.You know how you can tell a place isn't worth your time?  When you and your friend are eating at Pamela's and can only discuss how good Murray Ave Grille's breakfast is.  Finally, you both admit you would rather be at the Grille.Lets start with the big issue:  The service SUCKS.  Apparently, the servers split their tips at the end of the shift.  So no one bothers to serve you.  One guy took our orders and brought drinks, and another girl dropped the food on the table.  No one asked if we needed anything, and no one bothered to check that the food was OK.  So...servers working a buffet do more work than the servers at Pamela's.I got the ham and cheese omelette, with the potatoes, and rye toast.  The actual breakfast was good diner breakfast.  There was a nice amount of cheese, this potato hater thought the potatoes were good, and the rye toast was fantastic.There is outdoor and indoor seating, which is nice.  The place is rather packed, though.Cash only.
5	PANCAKES!  YUM!  I only have three issues with Pamela's.  The wait times, the small tables, and the fact that they don't take credit cards.  Otherwise, YUM!  They have the best pancakes in Pittsburgh and, quite possibly, the country.
5	Great food and great service! Came in Friday after thanksgiving and it was super packed. There was a wait for most tables, but because we only had 2 we were seated right away. I had the chorizo omelet. It was great! The chorizo wasn't greasy, the eggs were moist and it had the right amount of cheese. The potatoes are the best diner potatoes I've ever had! Coffee was ok, but bottomless and they give you a carafe on the table so you can refill yourself. My partner got fluffy scrambled eggs with cream cheese. He loved them too. Note this place is cash only. The food is worth the wait if you have to. And it's reasonably priced. I highly recommend!!
5	Pamela's is a Pittsburgh staple. I feel like you have to go to Pamela's if you live here, or if you're visiting, or if you're just driving through. The hotcakes are famous, and are something between a crepe and a traditional pancake with a little magic thrown in. The banana chocolate chip hotcakes are definitely the best ones and I order them every time, but I've also seen people order: the croissant french toast, different hotcakes, hash, and omelets and no one has ever been disappointed. The potatoes are also awesome. Probably the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. The main problem with Pamela's is that everyone and their mom visits on the weekend, so plan on standing around a bit to wait for a table. They also only accept cash.
5	I feel like this is the best one comparatively to all of the Pamela's locations. It is cash only which is the only drawback. The food is excellent and is always quick.
4	Delicious, cheap, great service. I prefer the Pamela's on Walnut better (atmosphere is more quaint, and I love the decor), but I'd totally go back!
