3	I know it seems like a knock off of Cold Stone, and yes they are very similar.  But this place, I think is just a bit better.  They don't have as big a selection, but what they do have is very good.  Well made, creamy ice cream with the extra bits mixed in right in front of you.  And the people here are quick too.  The girl who made my rocky road must hold a record of some kind, because wow.
4	"Try the birthday cake ice cream," my friend said.  "I don't know, that might be a little much."  I tried it and I was damn glad that I did.  That was one of the best ice cream flavors that I have ever tasted.  I felt like I was a kid again licking the icing off the sides of the box of my old bday cake.  I got sprinkles smashed into the ice cream on the mixing slab, oh yeah m&m's too.  It was a strange combination, but it was so damn tasty.  The service is full of smiles and good manners and I would definitely come back.  I may go grab some right now.
4	Bottom Line:  Good ice cream, great service, needs a better selection of non-dairy frozen treats.For the handful of folks out there who aren't familiar with the like of Cold Stone, Maggie Moo's, or Marble Slab, let me give you a basic rundown.  You walk up to the counter, pick your ice cream from probably about a dozen flavors, and then pick your mix-ins from a variety of candy, fruit, and crushed up candy bars.  The ice cream professional behind the counter then mixes them all together in front of you before handing you your frozen treat in either a bowl or waffle cone.  The portions are usually very generous and the service tends to have a little pizazz thrown in.This particular Marble Slab seems to excel at the service aspect.  The ice cream is good, but what I really noticed was the service.  There were 3 groups of people in line all at once, with probably about 8 people total.  Even though there was only 1 guy on at the time, he still kept up with all of us at once, giving out samples, making ice cream, and ringing people out, and none of seemed to get bored or antsy waiting on him.  The 1 complaint I have is that they need a greater variety of non-dairy treats.  My wife does not eat dairy products and her choices were limited to 2 flavors of a type of sorbet.  It was good, but more choice would be nice.
