5	Jay you are a master hair guy. Thanks again. Dan
5	Brittany and the whole salon staff are awesome. Such a nice environment and professional staff. The interior is amazing as are all the salon services they provide. Definitely check this place out!
5	I had the pleasure of getting styled by Brittany.  As a young father and working professional I need to look my best, especially when tired and beat down.  I'm now hooked on this salon.  My look is fresh, the salon is clean and has a fantastic crew and overall vibe.  Brittany was skilled and is a master of her craft and I really couldn't be happier.  It's nice to go somewhere that has people who take pride in what they do and actually CARE about their clients...The results speak for themselves.  If you want more of my opinion, just keep an eye out for the guy who looks like a handsome stud because of his fashionably fantastic fresh haircut!
5	This is by far the best salon in scottsdale. The establishment itself is very clean and beautifully decorated. You feel a sense of relaxation when you walk through the door. The staff was super friendly and upbeat, they made my whole hair going experience a true pleasure. I get highlights and extensions and I didn't even realize my hair could look this good. (Plus, it feels healthier since I've been going to bespoke.) Thanks Brittany for your hair magic. Im so excited to have found this little gem!
5	Miss Brittany is fantastic! I have been going to her for 4 years now. And I'm certain she'll be doing my hair until I'm 90. She's that good. Cut, color, everything!
5	The Bespoke salon is a godsend!  Miss Brittany is beyond Amazing with her craft, every time she cuts and styles my hair I can't tell you how many compliments I receive.  I love the vibe and family the stylists have created here!  Thank you Brittany for all the love and hard work you put into your styling!
5	I have gone to Brittany Christine Bohnsack for years. I've followed her from salon to salon to salon. She knows how to work with blonde and she knows how to treat my hair, simple as that. She specializes in making the color she's applying look natural even if its far from natural to you. One thing I really like about Bespoke is that they all work as a team there. It doesn't seem like they're all competing for more clients in their own chair. Danielle Walker is another stylist there that I just love, she obsesses over beautiful luxurious hair and she's confident with funky colors. During my time spent there I've had other employees ask me if i would like something to drink, if they could get me started by a hair washing or a brush out, etc. I love it! If Brittany is finishing with a client it doesn't seem like I'm being ignored or waiting long because the other hair dressers/employees are tending to me. Great salon!
1	I'm sure my review will change once I can get someone from Bespoke to answer the phone or call me back to actually book an appointment.  I've been trying for 3 days.  I really just want to get my hair colored.
1	I tried to make an appointment. The woman answering the phone acted too busy to help me out, took my phone number and never called me back. I would have understood if Jay was too busy to take on new clients, I would have been happy to try another stylist. I will now be looking for a different salon.
5	Love this salon. Jay is amazing at color and no one can style better than Maggie! I always love coming and trying new things or sticking with my tried and true look. It always looks good
5	This place is awesome. The vibe is super laid back and chill which makes for a relaxing experience. It's fitting in Scottsdale because it's cool and hip but doesn't feed into the Scottsdale pretentiousness and overall douchery. Kyle Tuttle is a somewhat new addition to the salon, and having been a client of his for a while, I followed him when he moved here. Kyle is always awesome, so no surprise there. My hair always turns out amazingly and I love getting to chat with such an awesome guy for a couple hours. I had a great experience here and I highly suggest it!
5	Once in a lifetime, if your lucky enough, you meet a stylist as talented, as professional, as beautiful of a person inside and out... as Brittany Christine. If your lucky. But the really cool thing is that you are lucky, because she exists, here at Bespoke Salon. She has a vision and a gift beyond compare.  Once you go to Brittany, you will have not only a stylist, but a friend for life. She's amazing. This salon is amazing and beautiful. Give yourself this gift.
