2	I was shocked when I ate here. This location did not live up to the quality Thai Original BBQ that I enjoyed since I was a child living in the slums of Los Angeles. What seemed like a evening to relive a childhood experience turned into a big disappointment.I ordered the usual, the S-2 (ribs), and daydreamed about the mouth watering goodness that was about to come. Once my S-2 arrived, I took a carnivorous bite off my rib and scooped a spoonful of rice in my mouth. The verdict - mediocre. Although the ribs were cooked to perfection, the ribs tasted funny and the rice was extremely dry. Even the sauce on the side couldn't save this poor soul. While I can't complain about the service, I wish I could have asked my waiter, "Was the chef having a bad day?" No doggie bag for me, thank you very much.
4	Good thai food!  Taste is there, even though they do not seem to be cooking as authentic or produce as much "heat" when requested.  When I ask for "thai spicy" don't be afraid to make it hot!They have my favorite dish here that I really haven't found anywhere else.."drunken noodles". Very delicious ESP with beef or pork, and can be made spicy!   It is similar to the mint chicken/beef/pork, but with noodles instead of rice.  The noodles absorb all the flavor!  The drunken pasta is also delicious, pretty much the same but with a spaghetti style noodle.They have great lunch specials too, since they are right down from my work, we take advantage of it at least 1-2+ times a week.  And it isn't too expensive...their lunch specials are about $6-7 each and their normal entree are about $8-10 depending on what you order.The curry catfish was also delicious!Older building, but the food is where it is at!  I'd check them out if you are on this side of town.
5	Great Food as always.........wait staff was fantastic and treated us like we were family!!!!
1	Terrible. Can you take out the word Thai please and just call it "Original BBQ"The most unauthentic Americanized Thai food i have ever had in my life.If you want to try something new that is NOT Thai food, then sure, go here.
2	Happy to find this Thai spot  in an unfamiliar (to me) part of town...but concerned when we walked in and were the only other party in there...excuse MAY have been that it was 8:30pm...but it was a Friday...We ordered appetizers:  Stuffed Chicken wings (stuffed with a sort of pork/seafood meatball)...not my fav...too much protein in one bite for me  Chicken Satay - typical and many pieces..but just okay in flavorClear Noodle Salad - was good...I would have liked it spicier and with more peanuts, but I helped to finish it off.Pork/Shrimp Egg Rolls - these were standard and again just okay.  I would order them again though, as they did the job an egg roll needs to do for me. (some meat, noodles, and cabbage...with decent dipping sauce)I also ordered a Thai Tea and it was the best part of the meal...was high end of yummy to me...AND...the waiter brought a free refill without even asking me...I was pleasantly surprised I didn't have to pay for 2.Our waiter was nice...although he failed to bring us the fried shrimp we ordered...but he didn't charge us either, so it was no stress and we had enough food as it was so did not bother to alert him to this fact.Price to me is fair and food is just okay, but I would return if in the area and needed Thai food again.
1	Place is drat awful!! This place was disgusting! I ordered the chicken pad Thai, and it tasted like noodles with ketchup!! Awful! On top of that, the service was atrocious! I do not recomend eating here!
2	We used to go to Thai BBQ when we first moved to Vegas 4 years ago.  The food then was soo good - flavorful and just delicious.  We always used to take visitors here and they used to rave about it as much as did.  If i was writing this review back then, I would have easily given it 5 stars.  As for the service, we have always been treated kindly there.  The waiters are always soft spoken and very friendly.  I don't have much to say about the place itself - its not new, but its not dirty or anything.  The prices were also reasonable for what you get.(And here's the but....) -  But the past couple times we've been, the food quality has changed.  We always get the same thing - the beef satay dinner and pad thai.  Last couple times we went, the meat was bland and missing all the flavor!  It didn't taste like they marinated it at all!  The shrimp in the fried rice was undercooked - we had to send it back.  The pad thai was way too saucy for my liking - it reminded me of the instant pad thai that you can make at home.  The quality of the food has just changed.  Maybe they got a different cook - I'm not sure.  All I know is that its just not what it used to be.Unfortunately, after two bad experiences in a row, we're going to have to skip Thai BBQ from now on.
4	Not bad. Cheap. A little heavy on the MSG.
4	Cheap & Delicious!!! This is place was recommended to us by my bf's co worker who stumbled upon this place on his visit to Vegas. On one of our trip to Vegas last year, we decided to give it a try and see if he's coworker's review lives up to our expectation. Our first impression was ok, there are ppl inside, mostly Filipino nurses. We both ordered Thai Tea, which tasted the same from other Thai restaurants we've been too. Except for the Thai Tea we had @ Thailand. Michael, ordered their special house chicken over rice and like always, I ordered pad thai. Our orders came and they looked good, which was a good sign to us. First bit, we were fans and can't wait to come back for more. Bf's chicken was flavorful and moist. He didn't even need to use the sauce that came with his rice plate. As for my pad thai, it was good also and it wasn't dry nor sweet. It was the right amount of flavor. Before we left to come back home, we made sure to return here again and enjoy the flavor of their good food. I can't wait to go back to Vegas and return here.
3	My wife and I were recently looking for a good place to eat dinner around UNLV. We decided on Thai Original BBQ.We decided to split The Monster for our appetizer. It consists of shrimp, grilled medium-rare, seasoned with lime juice and fresh chili, blended with sliced cucumber, fresh lettuce and cilantro. The shrimp was nicely cooked and it had a nice balance of flavors.For my entree I had beef Panang Curry, a rich red coconut curry sauce with fresh green chili. I liked it quite well, but it's not the best panang curry I've ever had.My wife had the BBQ Chicken Dinner which consists of half of their house special chicken with shrimp fried rice, served with house sauce. She really liked her dish.
4	I've been coming here for probably 5 years or so and each time I come to Vegas I have to eat here. I try 1 buffet and 1 time at Aloha Kitchen and 1 time here. The rest of my eating habits are out and about wherever, but those 3 are musts. I come here because it's never packed the food is good, they used to do free refills on thai iced tea, but now it's a 1 refill limit. The fried tofu is cubed perfectly bite sized and thoroughly fried, the sauce very good. The calamari sauce seems like it's just honey, but the strips are large and not chewy for something that large. I would like the tofu sauce and usually get a 2nd. S-8 half/half and the pad se eew. The rice is fluffy and consistent, not sticky or clumping. Nice bright flavor, not over infused like Spanish rice or red rice. The cucumber, pepper slaw could be much larger, but the shrimp are percetly done and the trick to the S8 is to de-skewer before eating. The peanut sauce could be thicker, but next time I'll ask for a fried egg. I love egg yolk in my rice, heck if they could I'd get a poached egg on there. Pad Se Eew chicken is more flavorful as a dish than with the beef. The beef is overpowering. I have tried a few other things on the menu, but when your party of 9 orders 9 S8's your doing something right.
5	I have been going to this place since I moved to Vegas five years ago. However, I have been a eating of Thai Original BBQ since before I could eat solid food on my own. I absolutely love this place! They have several locations in California as well as this location and each place is consistent in their preparation of the food. The atmosphere is very calm and soothing. It is not ever too busy, the service is great, and it is great for group outings. When you decided to stop by this place, make sure you grab some of my favorite and most delicious items on the menu. First, I would recommend the Tom Yum Goong (Spicy Shrimp Soup). It is a warm, citrus based, and soothing serving of soup. It does not have any cream, it's more of a shrimp broth, so it's not as heavy as their coconut milk based soups. For the main dishes, I would choose S1 BBQ Chicken or S8 Chicken or Beef Satay (chicken or beef shish kabobs). The BBQ chicken is moist with a lightly crisped skin coated in a sweet honey sauce served with their shrimp fried rice. I believe the rice is cooked with cocunut milk instead of water and adds a creamy, slightly sweet flavor to it. The S8 is your choice of chicken or beek sticks. I personally get the beef sticks. They are a little crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. They also have a slightly sweet taste , possibly marinated in coconut milk, and this dish is also served with their delicious fried rice. This dish comes with a pint size cucumber salad and an amazing peanut sauce.As far as drinks go, I would stick with their Thai Tea. Thai Tea here is sweet and creamy. If you have never tried it, I would definitely recommend theirs. It tastes like an iced tea latte.
1	ZERO STAR REVIEW- I've included pictures as evidence to support my case. Let me start by saying I love Thai food and am actually a fan of the other Thai BBQ location on 3rd Street. I usually frequent Komol or Lotus 3 times a week, but I was feeling adventurous this day and gave my boss the choice. Thai Original BBQ 2680 S. Maryland Pkwy. Las Vegas, NV 89109 (Insert Law and Order music here) We walk in and the restaurant is empty minus one patron in the corner. We smile at each other. I scope out her plate and to not seem like an obvious food whore my eyes slowly move up the wall above her head to the vent. All I could think of was The Ring when the black stuff starts growing on the wall and than it's a girl's hair and it's really scary.... Judge for yourself. We will call this Exhibit A or Black Wall Fuzz http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=WsYkefA8OJ9QMtn5lFvlUA This vent was right above the lady eating...Ewww. The picture doesn't begin to describe the amount of blackness there was. It was on a third of the wall Then the drinks came. I have water and my boss goes with Diet Coke....or so we thought. Exhibit B- Hell No It's Not Diet http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=H09ukpD5Su2eo-XxaPZWiQ What is that white residue? Did I mention my boss almost spit this Not Diet Coke in my face? She was scared to try another beverage after that first sip. Smart girl. On to the food. My boss ordered a beautiful Teriyaki Chicken plate complete with broccoli and a giant's fist of white rice. Delicious. I ordered the Panang Beef no giant's fist of anything. What I received was questionable to say the least. It was Panang FAT and resembled anything, but beef. Seriously. Exhibit C- WTF? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=z3-nTlE-I55-UnS6pbjInw That's the good picture! At this point I'm thinking it might be edible. NOT. Look closer now. Exhibits D and E- More WTF! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=1M1JtbrYEKQEUtV8k1Cx_w http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=QtPrV6P7cA8Kk0S3SNVAhw Where's the beef????? Panang Fat and a fecking giant's fist of rice!!!! Not once did our server not come back to check on us when he dropped off the check and noticed my dissected meal laid out on my place mat he didn't even say a word. Figures. Here's the best part. It was a Wednesday and all I kept thinking was the Health Department should shut this place down. As we are leaving I start looking for the Rating that by law is suppose to be posted in an obvious spot. WRONG. It was conspicuously hidden behind the tinted glass at the very bottom left of the door! FML! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QjfCmeznfZC9BPowyO4Npw?select=-A32_f6Jgpw4jdLpp0c4hw 40 mutha effin demerits. I rest my case.
4	This place is really good.  My family and I come here every time we're in Vegas.  I have been to many Thai restaurants in Los Angeles and this one is one of my favorites.  I really don't know why it has bad reviews.  I can, however, only review the dishes I have tasted.  Before I do, I just want to say that their service is very good.  They are attentive and friendly.  I think they are really striving to improve their rating.As for the food, we had the following at least once, most twice:Pad Thai: very tasty and good consistency of flavor and noodlesPad Kee Mao: love the taste of the basil and mint leaves (5/10 spiciness is just right)Pad See Ew:  With shrimp makes it so much better.  It has american broccoli, which is different from what I have had before, but it makes it delicious and adds to the texture.Chicken Noodles:  Light in color with a hint of sweetness.  so good!Shrimp dish (S-3):  Very generous with nice sized shrimps.  The sauce is awesome.BBQ Chicken:  No need to dip it in honey.  The chicken is tender and very tasty.  The fried rice is simple and a great compliment to the strong flavor of the chicken.Green Curry w/ Beef:  I love their curries!  Green curry is lighter on flavor compared to red and panang curry.  This dish specifically has bamboo shoots which makes it so much better. Panang w/ Beef:  A stronger flavored curry because, like all panangs, it has peanut sauce.  The flavor is very strong but delicious.  You might have to order extra rice to compensate for the strong flavor.  It may be a bit oily for many.  It has big chunks of beef which is great but a little tough to chew.All in all, I'm a fan of this restaurant and will continue to eat here every time we're in Vegas.  It is a great way to take a break from the ocean of buffets.
3	Ordered here while in Vegas and tried the 2 entrees to split with a friend.We ordered the BBQ Chicken with Jasmine rice and a curry dish.They both came out pretty fast. The BBQ Chicken was tasty. It's hard to mess up rice and I am glad they did not. Total ticket with drinks and tip came right under $30. Not too far off the strip if you want some decent Thai food at a fair price.
4	This place reminded me of why I miss having thai food (my husband just loves chinese food so much, but I really didn't want that this time). The 1st house special on the menu- BBQ chicken plate, served with sweet sauce came with shrimp fried rice for $8.99- is a steal. This is what the both of us ordered. I've been coming to these restaurants for years (my favorite one was the one on Flamingo/Jones). So, when we were unsure of what to have on saturday night for dinner, I suggested this place (it'd been quite some time since our last visit). Yeah, we were supposed to go to the Vegas Streats festival, but my husband doesn't like large crowds with limited parking, so we had to switch gears (will just have to catch the slider truck some other time). Also, there are quite a few Thai restaurants in the area (Commercial Center) but the prices are a tad higher there.  This restaurant is pretty close to our home, in the Smith's shopping center, on the opposite corner facing Maryland Parkway. The place was pretty empty; there was another party there besides us. The server was a little preoccupied in deep conversation with another patron (had to be a regular). The cashier brought us our menus. We were waiting for a few minutes, and my husband was starting to get annoyed with lack of service. The football games were on tv. I noticed that all three cooks sat down and took a break. Another party entered the restaurant. I liked the two large aquariums giving the diners some privacy and some separation (adding ambiance), in the restaurant. Seating was mostly tables and chairs, and some booths along the wall. Back to the food; dinner came pretty fast. The amount of food for $8.95 was pretty impressive (didn't finish my rice, the two shrimp were pretty big, not the small salad shrimp size, and the BBQ chicken was tasty, especially with the sweet sauce). My husband dug in, using his fingers, but I didn't want to get messy, so I used my fork and knife. It was really good, but I thought that some of my chicken was at the point of just being overdone. My husband really enjoyed his meal, so I didn't tell him about some of my chicken, because I didn't want to ruin it for him. I should mention that the service got better as we were eating- we were checked on several times and the server came around to refill drinks. So, why the 4 stars? Well, I've always been a fan for years now, so I am basing it on all my collective experiences as well, plus the house special is just a really excellent value overall. I'm sure we will be visiting again soon.
2	I used to go here for my cravings for Thai food & Thai tea, but now I would not go back to this place again. First of all, their prices went sky high since I first started coming here.  For example, I  would order 3 entrees and its about $35! (seriously?) Anyways,  I would always order the Spare Ribs entree with shrimp fried rice.  I would say with the Thai BBQ sauce, the food is pretty great but the price I am paying is not worth it.  I have tried the chicken bbq too with shrimp fried rice and I enjoy it more than the ribs.  The service that they have is pretty okay nothing that blows me away about them.  They are all very nice and friendly.  All in all, I decided to try it one last time a couple of few weeks ago and the price and quality of the food made me decide to never come back to this place again. Sorry Thai BBQ, you were great at one point.
4	I can't say that I'm the most versed person when it comes to Thai food. Generally speaking, I like what's known as the "white food." At Thai Original BBQ I'm a big fan of their lunch specials. You get a great little side salad, then your main course for less than $9, not a bad deal.So my staple item at this location is good ol' #1, the BBQ Chicken with Fried Rice. 90% of the time the chicken is moist, the skin has great flavor, and it's cooked to perfection. Once in a while the chicken gets a little overcooked and dry. Just a warning, if you get the food to-go, they include the salad with your warm food in the same tray. Not a fan of hot salad, nor am I a fan of salad dressing sloshing all over Thai food - it's like a bad Circus Circus buffet nightmare. So simply ask for the salad on the side. Periodically I'll go off the deep end and get the Pad Thai, which is decent, but I'm quickly reminded that nothing beats the BBQ chicken.Definitely a good lunch stop, great prices, and quick service.
3	I'm a huge Thai food critic, because personally no one will ever top my own other but It doesn't hurt trying to find places close to moms home cooking. At least this place will always be my go to spot for fried rice. Food: 3/5 To be honest their Thai food is okay for a chain restaurant. You don't find that too often. Usually when restaurants become chains they loose quality. This place has awesome fried rice, when you order a dinner entree of Satay beef it comes with a side of fried rice, appetizer cucumbers in rice vinegar, and peanut sauce. Super delicious rice, the satay is a little on the sweet side for me and sometimes a little over cooked. Guess it depends who's working but the fried rice is always on point. My recent go I order the "kha tew" which is like the Authentic Ramen or Pho of Thai people. Super delicious Not sure if they knew what I was attempting to order because the waitress (that was also Thai) had no idea what I was order nor describing even though I said it in Thai and she understood me perfectly. Well somehow they threw something together and it tasted decent, I would've loved more meat balls but hey couldn't complain. My table also order the lab pork, which is like spicy grounded pork with lettuce wraps. Honestly these were delicious. I was very surprised how close it came to my own mothers. Price: 4/5 3 entree's, 1 appetizer, 2 beers, and 2 wines. Not sure what the bill was but each entree was about $8.95 and you got a good amount too. So I would say the value was there. But from a past frequent diner there prices have gone up, and the quality of food has come down. Atmosphere: 2/5 People who love to come here, trust me don't come for the atmosphere. This place needs some serious updating. Once you walk in you feel like your in an old Chinese restaurant. With cracked leather booths, and a fish tank. This place doesn't even look like a Thai restaurant.
4	im updating this to a four star. Why?because after several more attempts in ordering thai take-out i find myself going back here. I guess the large serving I pay for the price is actually worth it. Hahaha.  I do enjoy the food & they do have one of my favorite thai tea & they have free refills on it, too! score!
2	The restaurant was super empty, which, to me, says a lot.  I ordered Pad Thai (I always order Pad Thai, no matter which Thai restaurant we're eating at) and I found it to be pretty bland and not spicy at all.  I thought Thai food is supposed to have some spice in it?  Anyway, the waitress never asked if I wanted it spicy, so I just assumed it will be spicy in the end.  I guess that's my fault.  But my fiance ordered BBQ chicken on skewers and it was bland as well.  Needless to say, I've had much better Thai food.  It's safe to say we won't be coming back.  On the upside of things, the service here is good, the workers are friendly.
4	Get the s1. The one and only. So delicious.
4	This is a restaurant that is close to our office, decently priced for good food and offers 1 free refill on Thai Tea!!We come here so often that the staff already knows what we're going to order before we're even seated, same goes for when we order over the phone! Staff is friendly. Food is full of flavor. Yea, we're here once a week ;)
4	I wonder what the best words are for a place that has the most succulently juicy fall-off-the-bone BBQ chicken ever? How about fuck yeah! This fat boy would never steer anyone in the wrong direction when it comes to tasty vittles. For me their chicken is crazy delicious and that sauce, oh that sauce, sweet, delicate with just a slight sourness really compliments the little burnt bits on the chicken. What's funny is that the chicken doesn't taste Asian to me but simply tastes like yummy BBQ chicken. The shrimp fried rice that comes with the dinner portion is moist, shrimpy and compliments the sweet and smokey chicken. With sauce dripping from my chin and my fingers covered in sticky BBQ madness I couldn't help but think that BBQ chicken doesn't get much better than this. It's the thing to order.
1	Always up for a new place, my wife and stepdaughter wanted to give this a go on a recent trip to the airport.Ever get that feeling when you walk into an empty restaurant and you know you should just turn around and leave? This is that kind of place. From the decor, sparsely populated fish tanks, plastic foam holding up the fake tree, messy desk area and on top of all that they seat us (almost empty by the way) right where the server goes for water, utensils and all that.What we ordered :Read the rest of the review here and others:http://chefboyd.com/2012/11/25/thai-original-bbq/
4	Yes, I agree. They do have the best BBQ chicken in town. With or without the sauce it comes it, it is still delish! I know they usually have lunch specials but they don't have it on the weekend. Boo to that!
1	Something happened to this place. It got worse each time I ordered food. Restaurant has a score "C" from the health department, it smells real bad like mildew. I ordered the Beef Satee dinner as usual and chicken bbq, and pad Thai. The beef Satee tasted nothing like Thai food; it tasted more like and even texture of meat like beef jerky! Most horrible I've ever had. The shrimp tasted old and hard, and rice not authentic tasting either. Definitely not authentic great tasting Thai food that I've grown up loving. The Thai place on 3rd street is 100x better, and the best Thai food place bar none is flamingo and buffalo! Never, ever this place again....I have it 3 chances and each time got worse. Wasted 30+ throwing 80% in trash :(
3	I really like their Thai eggrolls, the Pad See Yu, Druken Chicken with rice and of course the Thai Tea (you get this free if your food is take out and $10 or more). The service is friendly enough. I usually get whatever I order to go so I can't comment on how it is to dine in. I only come periodically but everything I have had I have been satisfied with.
5	The five stars I am giving this place is based purely on one dish. I know that's not a good way to write a review but gathering that the dish I'm writing about is basically the name of this place, I thought it'd be okay haha :)I always come here when I crave their Thai BBQ chicken that comes with this amazing sweet sauce and shrimp fried rice. I can't seem to make myself try anything else! I crave this all the time and it doesn't matter whether I to-go it or sit down there and eat it, it's always been amazing. Haha I've been to three of  their locations & this one by far has bigger portions & better flavor!!! This place is a little quiet but that's fine with me. One of my faves!!! I come here just for the Thai BBQ chicken!!!  Must try!!
5	I love Thai BBQ. There was a time about a year ago that I would come here once every week or two. The staff is great: they always remember my friend and I, and we never have to ask for soy sauce and cups anymore (what we prefer to have with our egg rolls)The place itself is clean.  Its a little older looking, but the tables have always been clean, and the bathroom is clean too. The food is wonderful.  I haven't tried anything here that I haven't liked.  The Masaman and Panang curries are spicy and good.  The Vegetable curry is awesome!  The Hawaiian curry has changed my outlook on pineapple (I used to hate it).The garlic chicken or beef is very flavorful.  The eggrolls are perfect every time.My favorite thing to get here, though, is the shrimp wonton soup.  Shrimp, both alone, and wrapped in a wonton served in a delightful, fragrant broth with bok choy and simple spices...this soup is wonderful, and even when I have a cold and my tastebuds are out of whack, this soup is comforting and flavorful.I love coming here.  I recommend it to anyone.
2	The service is soo slow, a pet peeve of mine on a weekday lunch hour. Lunch time servers need to be on their best because business people need to be in and out of restaurants to get back to work. A party of 10 took an hour and 45 minutes... that is too long for people needing to be in court and in front of a judge.Food was good, but they carry Pepsi Products not Coke... just in case it matters, I asked if they had Coca-Cola and waitress said yes, served it to me and surprise it was not Coca-cola, it was pepsi.Probably try it again.
4	I've always had a soft spot in my heart for Thai Original BBQ.  We know this family-owned chain from the location in Cerritos, CA, my hometown.  That place was a favorite destination for family and friends, with countless meals shared there, so I've practically grown up on their food.  When we moved to Las Vegas in the 90s, I was ecstatic to find that there were locations here, too. I've been to this location a few times as well as the one on Flamingo, but what doesn't change is the menu and the food, whether it's Southern California or Southern Nevada.  My favorites are the BBQ chicken dinner with shrimp fried rice and the sate beef dinner. Unlike other Thai restaurants, I usually only have those dishes here in keeping with the BBQ theme, instead of pad thai or other noodles.  My parents were in town for a visit recently and we ended up here, just like old times, even if it was in a different city.  Thai Original BBQ's food has moved on to the next generation; my son has grown up with it, too.  The restaurant itself is a little old, but it's all about the food and service, which has always been good for us.
5	Excellent Thai food that delivered! It was an early lunch and service was excellent. Can't wait to go again when I'm in town.
2	I ordered delivery for my order. I ordered Chicken Satay, Drunken Noodle w/chicken, Fried Tofu w/mushrooms, and the Crispy Duck Dinner. The food smelled amazing when it was delivered, and this was my first time trying Thai BBQ. Sadly, it was a mixed bag when it came too living up to the smell. If by Crispy Duck they mean over cooked, with the only flavor being one of stale or mishandled meat. I could not eat the duck at all. Chicken Satay is usually one of my favorite Thai dishes, but this chicken somehow managed to be both tough and undercooked. Not sure how they managed that. The saving graces for Thai BBQ were the Drunken Noodle w/chicken, which was delicious and flavorful, as was the Fried Tofu w/mushrooms. If I ever order from Thai BBQ again, I think I'll stick to the BBQ chicken everyone raves about, and the dishes I just mentioned. No more expensive experimentation for me.
2	Food wasn't that great!  Since I had ordered noodle soup, I asked for a little bit of bean sprout and they had to charge me $1 for just a tiny bit!!! How cheap and no customer service.  And they don't carry soup spoons...big problems when this is an Asian restaurant....All the noodle soup place have soup spoons...tsk tsk tsk!!!!
2	moving from southern california, i want to love this place so badly as it would be a little  slice of home :( regardless of how many chance i give them, they never cease to fail -1 : environment, every time i come here the restaurant is full of a disgusting odor. whether it be the smell of old food or strong bleach. can somebody fix their vents?!-1 : food quality, i'm a huge fan of the S-8 combo and every time i order it the beef skewers are either extremely undercooked or extremely overcooked and rubbery. also, why are my orange garnishes always bitter and old tasting? how can someone serve a bad orange garnish?!-1 : back of the house cooks, i simply asked for extra crab in my seafood fried rice. they can't do it. i simply asked for some pineapples in my friend rice, they can't do it. do they not understand that this is an opportunity to make more money off of me?
4	My first time here. Hubby wanted me to try it because he loves the food....and he's right. The food is incredible. The summer rolls are huge, and really yummy. I could have ordered those alone and been full.I got the drunken noodles, spice level 6 with pork. Seasoning was perfect. Serving plentiful. Only complaint is the overabundance of bell peppers, but that's a personal preference. I hate peppers cooked with anything because they take over the flavor. Don't understand why chefs insist on putting them in otherwise amazing dishes, "Oh, this tastes great! I think I'll add an overwhelming flavor to completely mask that." I picked them all out and enjoyed the broccoli, noodles, and tender pork.Had a bite of hubby's teriyaki beef. Excellent. They weren't as generous with his portion as they were with mine, or I would have stolen more. His was a lunch special, I guess mine was a full entree.Also had Thai iced tea with boba. Yum!Service was pretty quick. Building is older and kind of shabby, so not a date-night venue. Kids would dig the big fish tanks.Only other complaint is that it's positively frigid inside. Bring a sweater.
2	Not bad, not great. I work down the street from here, and come here sometimes when I forget my lunch. They do have a limited lunch menu that includes something with lettuce that is supposed to pass for salad.They take your order, bring you food, and bring your bill. The service ends there.The food is somewhat greasy and average. They tend to overcompensate with starches and tend not to balance flavors. In other words, if you order one rice dish, you've tasted them all, one noodle dish, one beef dish, etc.It's also a bit pricey for the offerings. Why eat here at all, you ask.As I said, I forgot my lunch. I have to eat something. And in this neighborhood, at least this won't kill you.
3	Food never really disappoints. Nothing really sticks out for me to crave this place. Nothing too special. Ive had the Thai Beef Salad which is pretty good. The spice level at this place isn't too spicy. A level 5 is very tolerable. I don't constantly have to grab my water from the spiciness. The Pad Thai here is kind of mediocre. The noodles were served to us over done and are stuck together, which I don't like. The flavors did go well together though.The service is usually quick. They check on you at the right times. The food comes out at reasonable time. The restaurant is usually below freezing so bring a light sweater.
4	This place is pretty good. Shady, questionable side of town....but good Thai restaurant. I got the Drunken Thai fried rice. Spicy level: 7. DELICIOUS!!!!! You get your choice of meat: chicken, pork, beef or for an additional charge, you can get shrimp. I chose beef. Besides your choice of meat, the drunken fried rice came with spicy thai basil, broccoli and carrots. Pretty decent service and everyone in my party enjoyed their food very much. Thai BBQ is located in a deserted plaza alongside with Smiths market, a Jack in the Box and some nail salon. They have other locations here in the city.We came for dinner but they have lunch specials for like....$6-8 dollars I believe.
3	Came here straight from the airport from L.A. They have a few Thai Original BBQs in Los Angeles and one 5 minutes away from where I live. The food is nearly identical (from the menu and taste of the food) to the ones back in L.A. So I give it 3 stars. However, the place is run-down, old, and the customer service was really slow. There was only 1 waitress working in the entire restaurant and we had to wait a good amount of time to get our bill and ask for refills. Food is great and prices are just the same as back home.
4	We ordered the Sate bbq Chicken-beef (S-8) and BBQ pork (S-2). Service was slow but the food was pretty good.  Will come back.
5	Great food ordered some seafood fried rice.. and it was great.. would say too put more pics up so we can a nice full menu with pics
1	No good! Co-workers and I ordered here for delivery once. The online menu was lacking details about the dishes so we had a lot of questions when calling. They were late delivering and came half way through our staff meeting. I had the duck something or other and it was basically deep fried to a total crisp. I highly don't recommend this place. Fortunately, the price was pretty reasonable (and I brought a back-up lunch).
2	Not worth a visit. The employees are respectful and nice, but no personality. More like zombies walking around doing their jobs. I ordered coconut chicken soup. Should have been called mushroom soup as that's the majority in the soup. The soup itself was bland. Bland enough to not want to drink the soup but trying fishing for the bits of chicken inside. My other half ordered mint pork (his normal Thai order). He said the hotness was perfect. And the taste was awesome for him. I suppose if we did come back it would be for him only and to go. My daughter ordered beef broccoli. She liked the beef and broccoli, but the sauce has too much clam juice which made her feel she was eating more of a fish entree. The customers who come in seem to be more on the ghetto side so expect to hear loud mouth complaints. But I must say the employees took at it well but in a robot motion. Think zombies. Lol you know they were cussing the ghetto people out in the kitchen lol. Over all not a place to visit, but if you want to gamble a good visit then go ahead.
5	Ordered delivery to room in SLS. Aside from the food being very delicious, specifically the S-1 Chicken Dinner, the customer service is amazing. SLS gave the delivery guy a hard time trying to deliver it in the room, let alone the lobby, but the delivery guy made every attempt to get to us. We eventually had to go down because the security guys are so strict about ordering outside food!
