4	What can you say, this place is a meat lover's delight!  Other than the fact that they give you usually enough fries for 3 people everything on the menu is pretty spot on.  Had a business lunch with a few colleagues and 3 of us ordered the burgers.  The burgers here are extremely good value if you are not in the mood for ribs.  My friends usually razz me here if I order a club sandwich or something less meat wise!  I have a work colleague that loves the chicken and ribs and orders it every time!  You may fall asleep after but your tummy will be full and happy!
4	Had a rib-tacular dinner here with 6 work colleagues tonight!  Man oh Man was it a good meal!  Caesar salad tasted less garlicky than previously (which was nice!).  We had 2 bottles of Menage a trois which was a perfect accompaignment!
3	This chain has certainly changed over the 15+ years I've been going to it... the prices have gone steadily up, the portions gotten steadily gotten smaller (particularly if you go downtown). On a personal level, the ribs and fries remain favorite meals and every few months I find myself going back for one of my favorite meals. The chicken tenders are great as well.The service is polite, almost robotic as waiters rarely have a moment to talk with their guests yet are always more than available for refills, asking you how you like your meal exactly 5 minutes after the food is served (yes we timed this once). They are competent and work towards serving you efficiently and quickly so that the next client can get to their seats.The line-ups during peak hours can get pretty ridiculous. Expect to wait an hour if you visit between 6 to 9.I like the ambiance of the place, decorations are warm, colors are suitable and seating comfortable.As mentioned before, the baby back ribs are excellent and the fries usually well done. The chicken tenders are usually good but sometimes are hit and miss as they put too much batter.I've also had several different meals in the past, such as their burgers and salads which were very good.Sodas are now fountain based down in quality of the bottles of old and can be watered down at times. Refills are free however.
5	I love Baton Rouge. Love the food and service. Chicken Tenders for me, Ribs for my wife and salad for my mother in law. My daughters love the pasta and whatever the spice they put on the fries is delicious. Been going for 10 years but this past weekends what got me excited to post a review. Walked in, alone with my 1 year old and 3 year old daughter. For me this means lets get this done and quick. First, the hostess helped me carry my two seater up the stairs, then they moved they cutlery away from my daughters, seems like a no-brainer but I am always surprised at how often waiters place the steak knives in front of the kids. The waitress took my order quickly, brought the food quickly, stopped at my table every three minutes to play with the kids and clean up the sugar packs my daughter was throwing. Extra plates and napkins kept coming and they ran to help carry the stroller back down the stairs when i left. I was a bit nervous going into the restaurant without my wife but it turned out to be a piece of cake due to the five star service. Oh, and the food was great too. My one year old polished the whole bowl of lobster mac and cheese herself. Highly recommended restaurant food and service and definitely kid friendly.
4	I had the ribs and as advertised...they fell out the bone! Great stuff! The fries were alright. The apples and cinnamon were so so. The service was good and a good variety of drinks.
1	so my wife and I decided to go. We were seated quite quickly and we ordered two drinks I had a scotch and my wife had a bloody Mary ,22 minutes later we received our drinks . I asked the waitress what took so long since the restaurant was quite empty.  Her reply was "I don't know" !!!  Placed my order for a full rack of baby back ribs with french fries and coleslaw and my wife had the combo with french fries and coleslaw .so our plates arrived within 10 minutes ,on my plate there were a ton of french fries and a cup of coleslaw and my ribs were very small they were very chewy and very little meat on them and the same thing for my wife's plate .it looked like a the total amount of meat was around 4 to 5 ounces . What a ripoff and these ribs were not even smoked. They use liquid smoke and boil their ribs. That fake !!! for the amount of money we spend  this place is a total rip off you won't catch me going to this place ever again baton  rouge thanks but no thanks
5	The food was really good and I loved the ribs with baked potato.  The service awesome and totally fantastic!!!
3	A little bit pricey for what your getting, food is ok but not great. Service is good nothing exceptional, food came on time , good quantities. Some of the stuff were friendly, others indifferent. I enjoyed the Boisbriand branch better few months ago.
1	Rip-off.They recently changed their menu and raised the prices BUT they also now give you less food. Don't waste your money.
4	I've always had a soft spot for Baton Rouge. Maybe it's the memories I've made there in the past ... I don't know. The fries are good. The Louisiana chicken has always been a favorite. Yesterday I tried a new chicken sandwich and I rather enjoyed it. I wish I can give it 3.5 stars. I feel like 3 stars is too little and 4 is too much.
