4	Spacious, clean untis for a good price and a nice location.  The people running the office here are very helpful and easy to work with.  Requests for work orders are processed and turned around very quickly..typically same day or next day.  There is also a pool and workout facility onsite.  Additionally, they  have garage/storage units onsite(with remote) that are very affordable.I would rent here again!Helpful tip:  I'd recommend getting on the list for free monthly "spraying" of your unit during the summer time for scorpions, especially if you go with a ground floor unit.  Some people I know have had scorpions, and some have not.  I had about a half dozen in my 1br apartment for the year I've been in it.
1	The staff at Cornerstone Ranch consists of undereducated, rude, obnoxious, lazy, poorly-trained, insipid jerks. They are truly last on the list for everything you could possibly want from an apartment staff. I highly recommend doing your research before you sign on with these people, as anyone who completed grade school will find their tactics juvenile, sophomoric and completely lacking in tact, courtesy and class. Absolutely 100% despise these people. Knock on any door here, ask any resident... bet you get the same response. SAVE YOUR MONEY, SAVE YOUR TIME, choose ANY one of the many complexes around this area (with better quality apartments, quite honestly). Don't read the good reviews on here that they pay their only partially-literate staff to write. Feel free to ask me any questions directly via e-mail(or heck, come by my unit here and meet them for yourself): johnnichristina@yahoo.com.
5	I was turned onto Cornerstone Ranch from a real estate agent who helps you locate an apartment. I had already overlooked it because of their website and I was over 1000 miles away and couldn't check it out. Thank goodness the real estate agent set me up by connecting us. The office seems hard to get a hold of sometimes by phone...just be persistent, it's worth it! The office staff is friendly, they know you by name and they are genuine!! (I dealt with Tyler, she's great!!) The maintenance man is amazingly friendly and great with animals. We originally came here because we have a pit bull and no one else allows them. There are others with pit bulls and other big dogs: German Shepard, boxers, labs and bull dogs are the ones I've seen. Everyone keeps to themselves and no one seems to have dog conflicts. Not everyone here has a dog which surprised me, probably about half. You are allowed only two pets, too.Neighbors are kind, civil and not criminals! Great neighborhood, golf course near by, and there are always people walking dogs and jogging. Currently their is construction on Ocotillo rd so that's my only complaint.The apartment we got is top floor, New paint, New carpet, New dishwasher because ours wasn't working well and they replaced it :-)There is an open office where you can study, and print! :-) The pool seems nice, haven't gone in yet. There is a small fitness center, the free weights go to 30lbs or so. Has a last pull down, bow flex I think, bike, elliptical, tread mill, punching bag, etcWe come in the apartment and after 3 months it still smells new and clean! Nice patio that you can have a bbq on. They enforce rules of keeping the exterior clean, even on individual patios.I recommend this place to everyone, especially big dog owners.
5	Couldn't be more satisfied with this apartment complex! The management is understanding, empathetic, and goes above and beyond to help! I've dealt with them on dozens of occasions and every single one I was happy to see them and they were always there to help. The apartments are extremely clean, neighbors are friendly and overall it feels very safe. (Our car was always unlocked) I would recommend this place to anyone!
2	Two stars was gracious after the experience I just had in the office.  We received a phone call about our dog needing to be on a leash at all times, completely understandable.  However the woman that called was the district manager and was very rude and snappy over the phone.  When I made mention of that today to the community manager, I was told that she had every right to be like that??? WTH??? There are plenty of ways of getting a point across without being rude.  I'm embarrassed to have people over the way the people downstairs from me have their place looking, broken screens, many blinds missing from their windows.  Today is the day I regret moving here.  Cannot wait until my lease is up!!
