3	I know. You are reading this and wanting to ridicule me for giving a high rating to a big box chain fast food joint. But before you judge I want you to think about having late meetings, or a busy night where you're at work, then the gym, then off to meet friends. Before you know it, it's late and you haven't had some food. Jack in the Box is the cure to this. Bonus is they don't have a specific time for breakfast or lunch... they offer curly fries and they have plenty of offerings that I don't have to specify no tomato on. This isn't by any means my favorite place, but at 3am, it's a great option.
5	Similar to the most recent review, I have to preface this with a "I know you're reading this and thinking 'why the heck did this person give a fast food chain restaurant a good review'"... There's always a reason behind the madness.I dined here late-night after getting into Phoenix later-than-expected, due to a flight delay. With apparently nothing else in the vicinity open after 9:50pm on a Friday night, I strutted down Central towards JITB and got there at 10:01pm... their drive through was open, but I did not have a car and the employees were in the process of locking the front doors. One woman responded to my dad's and my attempts to get the attention of the staff and was kind enough to let us in and order some much-needed artery-clogging goodness. As if this weren't enough, 4 nights later, our post All-Star Game hunger set in. Again, we arrived at JITB as they were closing up, but upon recognizing us as those lame Californians without a car, the staff let us in once more.SUMMARY: Service was excellent, staff are all friendly and quality people. Food was typical JITB, but might I say that Sprite I had felt extra cool against that 10pm, 101 degree heat.
1	This was my first experience eating Jack in the Box since I moved from GA to AZ 2 days ago. The service was horrible! Cashier had attitude when I told her I was still reviewing the menu. When I was ready to place my order she was very rude & sighing as if she needed me to speed up. Then I watched as she prepared her food, placed it on a tray & walked off as my food sat in the window. The drive-thru person came to see if I had been helped & proceeded to bag my food after I told him I was waiting. This place needs better service.
4	This Jack in the Box is a pleasant reminder of how Jack in the Box used to be, years ago, when fast food was pitched primarily as a wholesome family dinner, rather than as something to quell the "munchies."The restaurant is always clean and non-rowdy. The staff is always nice and patient. I don't go there terribly often, but my order is always correct, hot, and looks remarkably like the product photo. Hours are more limited than for other JitBs in the region, so check their web site before going -- but they're open when they say they'll be.If you're from a region that doesn't have JitB, it's your basic burger chain, only it serves breakfast all day, and the menu runs toward the daring side, with occasional forays into WTH? territory. (Protip: You don't want the standard two-taco set. They're not kidding about sticking a slice of American cheese in there.) You will not experience revelations on the scale of Smashburger, and these really aren't "better burgers" so much as "way more out there burgers." So go with it firmly in mind that this is a restaurant that does well *for fast food*, not one that aspires to more.(Also, don't generalize the recommendation to other JitB locations, as they vary from equally ept but packed with tweaking meth heads to staffed with utter apathy and confusion.)
