5	I was very surprised after reading reviews about the company. I used the $10 for $25 deal. Dawn helped me out and she was a lovely lady! She also referred me to someone else for a couple issues i.had. I would recommend this location.
5	Tom was very helpful, crew were nice and friendly, it was a great deal! Got a $10 for $25 deal, smog done on my check list! :)
5	Dawn is the best.
5	I've been to a couple different Auto Techs, this location and staff is by far the most welcoming, professional and helpful. Very fast and efficient.
5	Bought a Yelp Deal for my smog- what a great place!  Apparently I'd been here before with another vehicle, I don't remember- fast, efficient, pleasant, can't ask for more! We'll be going here for all our smogs!
5	I've been going here for two years now and have great customer service. Their also very quick!
5	Needed a smog ASAP & found the coupon online. Best price using the coupon ($10 instead of $25)! Didn't take long at all.
5	I totally trust them I have my 2011 Hyundais oil changed here every time they really seem honest. I would recommend to anyone
5	Awesome service.   Dawn was awesome at the front desk and the Mechanics are the nicest and most informative I've had in years, keep in mind I used to be a street racer and gear-head 5 days a week in the Bay Area With my '98 Cobra Mustang and finding a place that won't lie to you about what exactly is needed and recommended.  1/10 at least.   HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.  I paid 35$ for a Group-on.   4 oil changes in one year spaced out by 3,000 miles or 3 months.
5	I alway use this Auto Tech!! They don't rip you off here and Dennis really knows what he's doing!!! Good people, great business. I pass an auto tech to go to this specific location, because I know I'll be taken care of :)
5	I'll make this short.  Used the $10 Yelp deal for my smog check.  The service was outstanding.  If I had children, I would trust them babysitting them for me.  :-)  But seriously, while I waited, another customer (Honda Element) was told and I'm paraphrasing, "There's nothing wrong with your belt and it doesn't need to be replaced."  The customer, "But I was told by two different mechanics in two different states that it needs to be replaced."  Autotech dude, "There's nothing wrong with it."  Then he took her to the bay to show her.  Now there are two auto businesses I trust, this one and Tony's http://thecarworksinc.com.  Oh, and they had free wifi.
5	Great service and very nice, professional people.  I will recommend this place to everyone, and this will be the first place I go when I need auto work.
5	In and out without any problems. Couldn't ask for anything better than fast service and an exceptional deal!
5	Bought a Yelp voucher for $10. Presented it at Auto Tech and got my car smogged! They had me in and out in less than 10 minutes. I had to drive a few miles further, but I would have paid $30 for the one by my house, and it had bad Yelp reviews.
5	awesome customer service from Dawn and the mechanics. Treat you like a valued guest.I will return for future services.
5	As always excellent service
5	Called Ed about an oil change and realized that my car would be more expensive than most. Ed not only stuck to his word on the price, but gave me some great advice for my car. The most important thing was that there was no bait and switch as I experienced at another oil change shop (which caused me to walk out) so it was the trust that worked.....thanks again guys see you with my next oil change.
5	I was new to town when my car started leaking coolant. A friend referred me to this Auto Tech. I walked in on a Saturday morning and Ed took care of me right away. He told me they would take care of me and my car and they did. I recommend this Auto Tech to anyone in need of an honest and professional mechanic.
1	Got a groupon for oil change, people who work there are not honest, they are shady! They unscrewed some parts to make my car make noises, and I found it out in another car repair shop! Will never go back!!!
1	Lies, lies,lies!!! I took my car in for a water leak. I got a bad vibe when I first walked in. The man up front was on the phone arguing with a dissatisfied customer. I was told my car was leaking in 3 places. Hmm..sounded peculiar! I was quoted $1,120. Of course I took my car elsewhere. It cost me $380. It was only leaking from the water reservoir.
1	If I could give a NO star rating, I most definitely would.  I purchased the Groupon because who can't pass up such a great deal?!  Unfortunately, you get your money's worth.  Let me tell you about my experience: I went to Auto Tech, understanding that there might be an increase of price from the Groupon because my car uses half-synthetic oil.  After asking what the price difference was, the rude man behind the counter said $50.00 PER OIL CHANGE.  So on top of the amount that I already paid for the Groupon, they were going to charge an ADDITIONAL $50.00 per oil change.  Meanwhile, other businesses in town charge less than $50.00 for the complete half-synthetic oil change.  I politely asked the man if I went to Walmart to get the oil, if they would change it at no cost at which he said they would - they would just use the Groupon.   He told me what oil to get, and i went to Walmart to get it.  When I returned, he told me that I got the WRONG oil, and that I would have to change it.  I was already in a bind for time, and I told him I would run right back to Walmart and exchange it for yet another kind that he told me.  It was 4:00 then, and he said that he would not be open by the time I get back because he closed at 4:30.  First of all, Walmart is 5 minutes from this location.  Secondly, what happened to customer service? The man behind the counter had HORRIBLE costumer service, and I would not recommend this place to anybody.  DO NOT BUY THE GROUPON!  I got a complete refund for all 5 vehicles I bought the Groupon for, and I would never step foot in this business again.
5	So shocked when I read the bad reviews, since I had a good experience. I was at the DMV (5 min away) to change my license and registration from CA to NV. I found out I needed a smog test, and there was one across the street but I figured I would do my yelp research beforehand for the best one and possibly save some money.The first one that popped up was not the one directly across the street, but Auto Tech with 4 and a half stars and a $10 for $25 groupon. Called ahead to find out how much a smog test was and whether or not the coupon was applicable in this case. It was, so I went ahead and bought it and drove there.Ed was the one on the phone and the one who handled everything at the front desk. Super nice, efficient, and I was probably out of there in 10 minutes. I asked for water and he gave me a bottle from the fridge, which just demonstrates great customer service. Also, I liked the magazines they had in the waiting room and the bathroom was pretty clean, which is a huge plus.All in all, highly recommended. This kind of price for a smog check is unheard of in California.
5	I purchased a groupon about a week ago and I made my appointment without any issues today. Brandon was great! It was a lot faster this time around which I am very happy about! Overall, great experience, not sure what all the negative reviews are about but maybe they changed up staff?
4	Outstanding service, competitive prices, fast, efficient, honest work. Billy is great to work with, can't beat this service shop. Had a bunch of work done on our Honda passport and they surpassed all expectations, highly recommended!
5	Came here for an oil change thanks to Groupon. Went to the Sahara and Durango location at first but was denied because they said there were too many cars already lined up for an oil change so they weren't able to take me anymore. So we headed to this location & thank goodness, it wasn't busy at all & I was taken care of right away. It was a quick registration with my address and phone number. Told me it was a 30-minute wait & they kept their word. Didn't wait too long. We actually walked over to Thrifty Ice Cream & spent most of our time eating delicious ice cream! No complaints there! Overall, it was a quick, inexpensive trip. I'll definitely be back for my smog check here. Have to take advantage of their Yelp deal this time.(Sidenote: Sahara & Durango location were friendly as well though! Just a little busier!)
4	Dropped in this morning for a smog check after seeing the $10 for $25 coupon. The cashier dude wasn't very friendly but the $10 smog check was a great price.
5	Super friendly and quick service. I honestly don't have a lot to say but the point. I wouldn't have found it without the Yelp offer before I had to go to the DMV. $10 for a smog test with yelp. Worth every penny.. But would have gladly paid the $25 for the outstanding service and time efficiency.
5	It litterally took 5 minutes from smog to cert. I paid through yelp , pulled in, DONE!
5	Went in for some trouble with my AC and some other issues. Was pretty sure it was vacuum related, but don't have the time or patience to figure that out myself. Spoke to Ed, who was great. He asked if I needed it back that day (Saturday), I said I didn't, Monday was okay. He called two hours later, it was done, and he only charged me the two hours labor ($150 - the diagnostic would have been $100 anyway). Car's working great (thankfully - summer in Vegas without AC? No thanks). Will definitely return. Ed will take care of you.
5	Couldn't have asked for better made it super simple took no more than 20mins
2	Nice people, but just a rip off. They overcharge all their services and don't maintain their re-smog policy if you fix your car yourself which is weird because I always fix my car myself and have always been able to get a free retest.I went in with the yelp $25 certificate. Mind you this is $25 towards anything not just a smog check. I asked the man if I would fail the smog because the check engine light is on (check engine light is an automatic smog fail in case you didn't know). He said I would fail but he would do the smog anyway because I already bought the yelp deal. I was getting an oil change too so I said  "can we just use it for my oil change?" He didn't answer directly but just said getting a smog check was a good idea anyway and I could get a free retest if it fails. Standard procedure anywhere for the free recheck so I said okay.So obviously it failed and he quoted me about fix price a little over $400. He told me they get a good deal on parts so the water pump I needed was only $200. I thanked him and left and went to autozone and bought the part for $60. I replaced it myself and tried to call them today and THAT is when they told me that the retest is only free if I pay them to fix the car. I almost laughed in the guys face. I saved almost $350 dollars by fixing it myself I can afford a smog check somewhere else now haha :)Anyway, I just looked at the receipt they gave me to see how much I payed for the smog the first time and see they charged me for the passed smog certificate.... Ummm I didn't pass? I guess that is an extra $6 going into the guy at the counters pocket. One last itty-bitty thing... they didn't give me a sticker for my oil change that says when it is due by mileage or by date. At this point, I'm questioning whether they changed my oil at all.So yea, I found them nice people and I didn't say anything about any of the problems to them because I don't want a fight over all these little things. But they are a rip off and I won't be going to them again. I know most mechanics are not honest but usually it isn't so blatent. LOL.
4	Overall, I had a good experience  here. The auto technician was very friendly and efficient. He was probably done in less than 10 minutes including the friendly chat. Came here with a $10 groupon for $25 smog cert - great deal. The only downside is the guy in the counter processing the paper works doesn't  look very happy with his job. He took me in without even saying a word, just went with whatever he had to do, and then finally said to wait for a few minutes - very unfriendly. I guess he was too busy watching the college basketball game on tv. Other than the counter guy, the smog was straight forward and quick.
5	Fast service excellent customer service. Definitely will be back for my auto care
5	Great place to go for a smog test. I went close to the end of the day and called to see if they would take me 20 minutes before their closing time. They did! We're courteous and got the SMOG done in no time.
5	These guys are awesome! Had some issues with my girls car and brought it in for them to determine what needed to be done.  Had some work done and check engine light came on again a few days after.  When I brought it back, they solved the issue and didn't charge me a dime for the labor which ran 3 hours and would've been almost a couple hundred bucks elsewhere.  After being ripped off by countless mechanics all over the place, Randy and Cory are real professionals in the way they treat their customers.  Highly recommended!
5	Received Smog Check here. It was quick with friendly service.
4	A little more than Walmart for a synthetic oil change, but I'm willing to pay for great customer service. In and out in less than 20 minutes. Friendly people who didn't try to up sell anything. I'll be back.
3	Came in today because I noticed my brake & headlight was out the night before. Remembered that I had purchased a yelp deal ($10 for $25), and decided I might as well use it for this! Came in and Brandon checked out the car and stated there was an issue with the electrical on one of my lights (it's an 11 year old car), and he noted that I had 4 lights out instead of 2. There was some back and forth for the price and labor (which I thought was higher than it should've been) ended up paying 25 for 2 brake lights and a front high beam/ low beam. Opted not to pay 120 for them to fix a light that wasn't broken when I showed up.
4	when I first moved to Las Vegas last year, I found a coupon for this store on yelp. $10.00 for $25.00 in service. I used it for a smog.I've since found their coupons  on Amazon Local for oil changes and Brakes. My brake coupon expires 60 days after buying. I decided to take my car and have them do the front brakes. They  put it on the rack and the mechanic came in to let me know that I had time before I needed brakes and recommended I wait. They are becoming a  mieneke franchise. or already are I believe. I hope they remain as honest and professional under the new franchise rules.BTW.  found on Amazon Local;One year unlimited oil changes with synthetic blend oil for $39.00One axle brake replacement, $49.00
5	I had the BEST experience with these guys. They are so transparent with their service, pricing (which is key) and how long it will take to service your car. They were so customer focused especially the very friendly an knowledgeable Brendon. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for legitimate car service in Las Vegas
