5	Before I hire someone to do work for me, I always do an extensive search on the internet so that I don't end up with a horror story as so many people do. After doing my research, I found that Gilbert's Painting was the best for us in all areas. Price, customer service, quality, ratings, etc. Travis is so easy to work with and understands that your home is the most important thing to a family besides family. He welcomed ALL our concerns and request and fulfilled them to a tee. He also gave us suggestions that would save us money without sacrificing the quality. Travis and his team were at our house for 5 days working on our patio rebuild and painting the house. Now our home looks brand new and the patio never looked better! When Travis came to do the walk around, after completion, no walk around was necessary...the house was 100% good to go! Thanks Travis and your team for doing excellent work on our home. If anybody out there is worried about hiring the right guy for the job...I assure you that Gilbert's Painting is the way to go!
5	My wife and I had just moved back to Arizona from Seattle, WA and needed to have a concrete floor re finished in our new business.  Just like everyone else I wanted quality work for a reasonable price.  I don't expect great things to come at no cost! I came across Gilbert's Painting from doing an extensive internet search and gave them a call after I had talked to about 9 other businesses.  I was shocked that I had finally reached someone (Travis) that actually wanted to help.  Not only was he great on the phone but he made time for me that same day while he was in between jobs.  Travis, himself, came out to our shop to look at the floor.  His price was in the top 3 best offers but I felt he would have done by far a better job than the other 2 that were cheaper.  Travis gave me a quote to epoxy our concrete floor but then also gave us another option that would save us a ton of money if I wasn't scared of a little hard work.  Not only that, he pointed me in the right direction to find the product I needed and gave me detailed instructions.  I ended up doing the floors myself since we needed to save some money to start our business and was pleasantly surprised that it worked out just as he had said it would.  About a week later my phone rang and it was Travis calling to see how my project went and to make sure I was alright.  I didn't even put money in this guys pocket and he still cared about my well being.  That is the definition of a good guy and great business owner.  Thank you Travis for being what all business owners should be, HONEST!!  I highly recomend Gilbert's Painting solely based on my experience with the owner.  Casey Hurlburt
5	Travis and team were very professional and easy to work with.  We had our exterior house painted and are very pleased with the finished product.  We will definitely hire Gilbert's Painting in future for inside work.
5	We were very impressed by the quality of work and customer service we received. Extremely competitive pricing. Travis and his team were efficient, accommodating and did an awesome job. We could not be happier with our house  We would absolutely recommend (and certainly use again!) Gilberts Painting!!
5	Our original house paint had faded and turned to chalk.  I got a few qoutes and Travis had the most competitive price. Travis and his crew did a great job painting our house and now it looks like new.  They also installed new outside lights that I bought at Lowe's for free.
5	I got four quotes for painting our house, and Gilbert's Painting was a very competitive price.  Even more than that, however, I appreciated how Travis went into a lot of detail when doing an initial walk-around, telling me what he would do to prep the house before painting.We scheduled the job to start on a Monday, but he called a few days earlier and asked if they could start a day early (Friday), which was fine by me.Travis was only on site for part of the job, but his crew was professional and courteous.  They put everything back where they found it, and cleaned up when the job was complete.  Travis did a final walk through with me before accepting payment.  He gives a 3-year warranty on his work, so if I come across a spot they missed, they'll come back and fix it.I'm definitely satisfied with the work, and would recommend Gilbert's Painting if you need to paint your house.  They also do interior work, so I may use them again sometime soon.One more thing - since it was right around Halloween, I asked Travis if we could have a little fun, and spray paint graffiti on our house for trick-or-treaters.  He thought that was a great idea, and said there would be no problem in covering it up.  And sure enough, it's covered up very well, and you can't even tell the graffiti was ever there.  (Note that I upgraded to a premium paint - not sure what kind of results you might get with the more basic stuff.)Thanks again!  Glad to support a local business, and my house looks great.
