4	I got married in this chapel, of course it was not my first choice.. I would have prefered Bellagio or The Venetian chapels, but given the prices of those and my budget the Treasure Island was the best choice, so I do highly recommend it, the staff was really friendly  and the flowers beautiful. I got the LEGACY WEDDING CEREMONY Package and was worth every penny, Cashman does your Photos they take ALOT of them during and after the ceremony, then when you are all done they make an apointment with you (if you will be in the city next day) so you can go and choose ur pics, of course you can buy extras but wow are they pricey (average $15 per pic) or if you cant be there they give you a web address where you can pick and buy any extra pics you want (and the ones that come with ur package are sent to your house).Well I went on and on about the photos and didnt really describe the chapel sorry... there really isnt much to it, its small and pretty.Any more Q's that you have send me an email, Ill be glad to help.
5	I could not have been happier with our wedding.  I looked around ALL of Vegas for a place, and for the price, this was the best.  The staff took care of me from the start.  (I changed my mind on flowers more than a few times)  Once there, they have a nice little room to make some touch-ups.  (They have everything-hairspray, DO, water)  The flowers were beautiful, the chapel was really nicely set up, our officiant was friendly and did a great SHORT service.  I was so nervous, I didn't want the long version!  The music was right on cue.  I chose Con ti Partiro and Viva Las Vegas.  All our guests really enjoyed the ceremony.   It kind of changed their idea of a Vegas wedding.  They do take a ton of pictures, but be prepared to pay up.  They are very nice though, and our package included some canvases which we really love.  The only thing I would suggest is if you have flowers for the mothers, etc.  buy them elsewhere.  And don't deliver them to the chapel because they do not like that.  My husband found them in a bag, I don't think they wanted to give them to us.  So just deliver them to your hotel and distribute them beforehand.
1	I had my wedding at the Treasure Island pirate boat (yes, they have a package for that)!.  The actual ceremony ended up beautiful, but the service throughout was awful.  Here are the pro and cons:CONS CHAPEL         Lack of clear directions:o   Was never given a plan on what to do that day.o   Was never told that a pirate was going to come down w/ the ring - we found out about it by looking at youtubeo   Was never told where to go after the salon appointments (was told that there is a dressing room for bride before the wedding, but was never told where)         Poor Department Coordination w/in TI (and the package includes a "wedding coordinator," but the contact lacks the follow through):o   When asked about connecting buffet lunch as part of the wedding, instead of coordinating w/in the TI team, I was given the phone number to the buffet managero   When asked about booking rooms, I had to speak to front desk for a certain amount of room blocks, instead of the coordinator working w/in TI         Was told to bring our own CD the day before the wedding to make sure it plays on the ship.  The testing was fine, but did not play during the ceremony.  The bride told the coordinator to ask the groom on what should be done as far as the music, the coordinator said yes, but the groom was never informed about the issue.  Viva Las Vegas by Elvis was played, which was very inappropriate for a wedding.  We were very upset about it - had to make sure all the dvds we had on the ceremony be fixed to our song.         High turnover - when I emailed, I had to change contacts about four times FRONT DESK         Was given "guest check in" - the person who helped us was very rude, unaccommodating, and unhelpful (why would you have that to work the guest check in?).         We actually got checked in by someone in the regular check-in line, who was actually very helpful.  She helped us reserve a room for the bride's mom (to be in the same level as her siblings, gave us an actual room #, but told us to inform the mom to check into it).   The room was given away.  This was one of the only request made by the bride, and she was very upset the night before her wedding. ROOM         We paid to upgrade to a mini suite for the Jacuzzi  - it was broken, so we didn't get to use it.  PROS         The buffet manager, Matthew Jimenez, was very professional, helpful, and responsive. We were very happy w/ his service and that of the buffet staff.         Good photography vendor  - helped us fix the dvd to include our song, which the chapel screwed up on I would definitely not recommend Treasure Island to anyone.
4	This is a pretty small chapel but it was intimate and perfect size for our group. I saw 2 of my good friends get married here. The pastor/officiant was good and brief, but it was a little too obvious that he had the whole thing memorized and scripted in his head.
5	Friendly, beautifully decorated, tasteful, convenient, well organized, personalized and affordable. We loved our officiant, loved our photographer (who took the time to listen to my needs and wants) and felt like the only wedding there, even though there were eight weddings in the chapel that day. Our coordinator, Bianca, was friendly and efficient and everything was just as requested, with no hiccups. If I had to nitpick I'd say I would have liked a little more time in the bridal room (tip: get dressed and made up prior to arriving, since you'll be talking to the photographer and officiant while there), and that I'd like to see TI hire a dedicated coordinator who could help with planning of after-ceremony activities like dinners and shows for the group. But those are minor points. I would not change a thing about my wedding at the chapel at TI and highly recommend them to anyone looking for a stress-free wedding site. I'm not easy to please...and I can honestly say this was as good as it could be.
2	Kind of hard to review the Chapel at TI. The Chapel itself is nice and the minister there is fantastic.  Their packages are also reasonable and the photography services they have contracted are very good. BUT the person that does most of the customer interaction is Misha and she is basically clueless especially when trying to get her to answer questions or do a request that is outside of the packaged event. If you are doing a small quick wedding and only following their prescribed itinerary, then this chapel is fine. If you want any uniqueness or expect someone to answer questions you might have, I would recommend you go somewhere else.
