4	A couple of months ago I experienced a great foot spa massage out in California.  Since then, I've gone to two other places here in AZ where I either ended up aching for 3 weeks afterwards or sat on a chair that didn't recline which prevented any possible massage work on my back.That all changed when I went to Relax Station Foot Spa.  This place is legit, has been in business for a year and is open until 10pm.  I almost don't want to review I feel like I've discovered a little bit of paradise in Gilbert that will undoubtedly be swamped once people read this...  I'm not saying my reviews are super kick ass or anything but seriously- some of these other foot spas in the area are absolute crap.  Ok, so back to the point of this review - I walk in with my gf and we quickly get seated on some nice sturdy reclineable chairs.  Within just a few minutes, we were already dunking our feet into wooden buckets full of hot water with some herbal medicine mixed into it.  The guy started working on my head and neck, then my hands and snapped each finger which is one little detail that reminded me of the great place in Westminster, CA.  He stretched my arms and shoulders thoroughly with just enough pressure.  He then worked on my feet after drying them off and after the massage, my calves and shins were oily so he wiped them down with a big warm towel.Ok, you get the picture.  I'm not writing anymore because it's starting to sound like a raunchy Danielle Steele book that you find at the grocery store that's 2" thick and has Fabio on the cover with some damsel in distress.So afterwards, my gf and I agreed that this place was great and we plan on going back again.  They're professional, well trained, clean, and although it costs a little more than the other places at $30 for an hour, it's worth it.  Comparatively, out in CA, they charge betwen $15-$20.OK, go there before I delete this and keep this great place to myself.
4	I've gone to several different reflexology places in the east valley over the past couple of years. My experiences with these businesses have been mixed and there are some places I would never go to again.  However,  I  love the convenience of walk in reflexology. It's inexpensive and in my opinion can much better than some day spas.Relax station is among the best in the east valley. It's clean. They take and honor appointments. The people who work on you know what they are doing.Bottom Line: This place is great for  affordable reflexology.
5	I just got back from the Relax Station Foot Spa and can't wait to go again. I GPSed the address but still had a tough time finding it. Gilbert needs to wise up and put business addresses on signage out by the street. After two wrong buildings, I finally found the location. It's in a strip mall on the southeast corner of Gilbert and Baseline. The shop is on the Baseline side. I signed in and was given three options for what types of service I wanted. I selected the full back massage and the foot spa. I was whisked into a dimly lit room (that's a plus, not a negative). I removed my shoes and sat down in a reclining chair with a small pillow. I used the pillow for my neck and was then asked if I would also like a pillow for my back. The therapist put my feet into nice warm water and asked me if it was too hot (nice touch). Once my feet were accommodated, the therapist started massaging my upper back and neck. Word to the wise, wear loose fitting clothes (I wore loose-fitting slacks and a t-shirt). Knots in my back were massaged and it felt so wonderful. My arms and hands were next and for someone who has arthritis in her hands, this was heaven on earth. I'd go back just for this service. With neck, hands, and arms complete, my feet were next. I had heard a lot about reflexology and wasn't sure if this would be painful...it wasn't. The therapist's hands were like liquid silk on my feet. He did find the areas on my feet that always cramp up, and to my amazement, my feet didn't cramp the whole time he worked on them. He also massaged my lower and upper legs and knees.After the reflexology, because I had chosen the full back massage, the therapist lowered the massage chair and I lay down on my stomach. My back, shoulders, lower back and legs were all massaged and prodded...it really felt good. Just a couple of notes. You are completely dressed while getting the massage, hence the need for loose-fitting clothes. The massage is much the same as you would get if you went just for a massage. Your upper thighs are included in the massage while you are on your back, but the therapist NEVER made it feel like he was doing anything he shouldn't. Just be aware because if you are female, you may be caught off guard (the therapist was male).At the end of my service, the therapist wiped the oil and lotion from my legs with a warm cloth so I wouldn't stain my slacks...another nice touch.I didn't learn the therapist's name until the end...his name is Larry. It would be nice to know that up front. You don't fill out any kind of medical questionnaire which seemed a little strange, but I wouldn't let that stop me from going back.The price is more than reasonable for an hour ($29.99). You will definitely want to check out the Relax Station Foot Spa and then you will want to tell all your friends.
