4	After having to move a block south last year due to the Light rail expansion, Big Burrito is now in the shopping center at 19th Ave & Northern, on the northwest corner next to Sprouts. This is our go-to breakfast burrito place on the weekends. I can get my Starbucks across the street while Nick runs over to pick up our burritos that we've already called in. We get the same thing everytime..I know how boring...but the egg, potato, bacon, and cheese burrito is just so damn tasty. Their green and red sauces are standard, but good. One burrito could easily be shared between two people, or maybe 2 women. I can never finish mine, but that's what I have Nico for. I stopped by last night and picked up a bean and cheese burrito and a cheese crisp. I love that fact that they grill the burrito for a minute after the wrap it up. The cheese crisp was not very crispy and was almost a little soggy by the time I got home. All in all, this is a great little neighborhood shop with friendly service and reasonable prices. If you live in this area, you should give them a try!
1	Needing a quick bite to eat, I thought I would try a new place in my very own neighborhood...big mistake!I ordered the chimichanga plate and the beef burrito plate... the rice and beans were good, and they were generous with the guacamole (only plus), but it is what was inside that disturbed me... shredded beef, stringy onions, and canned tomatoes cooking on a stove in a pot for an entire day (maybe longer)... then shove that into both the beef burrito and the chimichanga... I don't think so!Reasonable prices, friendly staff, and great beans.. but I can get that at home from a can. Pass on this one, trust me. sigh...
2	The food at Big Burrito isn't that bad but they have a lot of work to do.  I cannot think of a reason to visit this establishment over the other Mexican fast food joints.I ordered the enchilada and burrito combo with carnitas.  The pork was diced as opposed to shredded and it was not very tasty.  To their credit, though, the portions were fair and I did not leave hungry.The folks do a good job of keeping the place clean which is not the norm at other places I've been to.If you're already in the area and in need of nourishment, Big Burrito is not a bad option.  Just don't expect anything special.  It's edible.
4	After browsing at the Bookman's next door, we were feeling hungry and were tempted by the notion of tasty burritos.  We ended up getting non-burrito meals, but were fully satisfied with our entrees.  The green chile plate was filled with perfectly cooked pork with a spicy tomatillo sauce that went well with the pork.  The horchata tasted freshly made and was very refreshing and light.  Overall, I think Big Burrito is a good option for those that want a filling meal without breaking your wallet.
1	this place is what gives mexican food a bad name.   the stuff tasted like it came out of a cafeteria after it was reheated.i had to go to a taco-bell afterwards just to wash the taste out of my mouth.with all the wonderful mexican food places in town, i dont know how this one stays in business.
2	Meh.
3	Really great stuff.  Staff was even nice enough to teach me how to ask for mineral water as a drink in spanish.
