1	Worst experience ever! The waiter was a complete moron and a liar. I asked him about cheese being in certain dishes due to dietary issues. He told us the spicy chicken rigatoni only had a little parmesean sprinkled on top amd the garlic bread was cheese free. The bread came out slathered in melted cheese. The sauce on the pasta was also super cheesy. I called him out on it, especially after he told the next table about the cheese. He lied and said there were three kinds of garlic bread, but did not explain why he got us a cheesy one when we told him we did not want cheese. I then pointed out what he said to the table next to us. He could not explain lying to us. He acted and looked very unprofessional. Don't trust a man with a giant hole in his ear and knuckle tattoos. The manager came out and comped our meal. Would not go back. Food was not good.
4	Ate at this location last Sunday with my wife and daughter.  Very good food and huge portions!!  We ordered the "Bucca Small" size lasagna and still had plenty to take home with us, and I'm a plenty big eater!  We also tried the sampler appetizer with fried raviolis, cheese sticks and calamari.  It was also excellent, the calamari was particularly good and prepared just right to be tender and not tough.The meatballs are a Bucca signature dish as each one is 1/2 lb.  They are a must try and are very good and taste homemade.  The prices are a little higher than you would pay in an family restaurant like Olive Garden, however it is an excellent spot to celebrate Valentine's Day, a birthday or special occasion.  Very excellent Italian cuisine, we will definately try it again soon!
4	I can't tell you how happy I was with their service. My friend planned a funny 40th birthday party for her fiancee downstairs. It kinda got all jumbled up. I ran upstairs they were able to accommodate us. Manager was super nice, hostesses were too, and our waiter Christian was awesome!about 40 patron shots later our bill was over $600 mainly from the booze and we were happy to spend it!  Nicest service at a 'chain restaurant' that I've had.  We ordered pasta, Chicken, Pizza, fried cheese, salad, everything we had food for days!
5	Best italian food in Las Vegas. It is so tasty.....Whatever you do, you MUST order the cheese garlic bread with the marinara sauce.....trust me your life will be complete without it.Now they say that their small serves 2 or more people..., Honestly, I'd say after eating the cheesy bread that could serve 4 or more people...so much food.The customer service was delightful as well which always makes me happy :D
1	Just left there after trying this place for the 1st time. Our server Tim recommended his favorite dish the Baked Rigatoni. Wen waited 29 minutes (timed it) just to get a very dry (no sauce) overcooked dish. We tried it and left the rest. Tim was not people friendly. We had to get his attention a few times to come attend to us. We will not be returning.
2	Whether you are at City Walk, Brea shopping plaza, or any other city with Buca, its the same food, just different state. Same Birthday song, same drinks. Difference, it's at the Excalibur in Fabulous Las Vegas! So if you like the same cheesy garlic bread, the same pasta and chicken, then albiet, you'll love this place.Service was good, especially for the party size we had.Oh, no walk through the kitchen?! No Kitchen table, and No different rooms. I was so hoping to get the Pope's table. Oh well...
3	This is the place to get cheap drinks while waiting to get into Thunder From Down Under next door. Their happy hour runs all day and includes $2 beer and $5 cocktails. There's hardly anyone here in the evenings too so service is fast. Load up ladies because you'll need it!
5	Came here to have dinner with my whole family in celebration of my eldest nephews 21st. We ordered the antipasto salad, pepperoni pizza, eggplant and chicken parm., and baked ziti. I died and went to a marinara and cheese filled heaven! I am the queen of making eggplant parm. (This is my official title.) But they have beat me at this dish. It was so good, crispy, not soggy at all. Delicious. If you've never been I highly suggest you go with a few friends and order all of the above mentioned and don't forget your elastic waistband pants! Overall it is a great atmosphere, the decor is great to look. My 3 year old exclaimed that the photo of the lady with the big melons looked like his mom. The lady literally was holding melons! Ha! Lots to look at. Great place to enjoy a meal with family. I love this place. It is a bit on the pricey side but I feel it is worth it for the portions and not to mention the food is great.
1	I just cannot believe how bad this restaurant is.  The room is decorated nicely but trust me that is it for the positive side.  I don't know how long it has been open for the service was really spotty.  The tables are too small for the family style service and we constantly had to ask for plates to eat on.  We started with a caesar salad that was really plain and had a very sweet pungent dressing.  The salad was delivered and placed on the wrong table before we received it.  We ordered the Chicken Limone, and the Veal Parmesan with two sides of pasta.   The chicken was tender, but flavorless and had virtually no sauce and two small capers.  The Veal was so sweet it tasted like sugar was literally sprinkled directly on the meat.  The sides of pasta were overcooked and the sauce was also sickeningly sweet and looked like it came out of a can.  Overpriced, amateur staff, and really bad food.
2	Great looking place with big prices, big portions and mediocre food. The meat dishes (that are in the range of $21 - $40 a plate) don't come with a side. If you want a side, then that's an extra $7-$9. Even something such as the Italian broccoli is $9. Here's a tip for anyone who goes here, the small portions are huge and the large portions are even huger. Order the small portions and share your food with others. Order a meat dish and then order a pasta dish, ask for extra plates and just create your own meat with a side of pasta dish.For appetizers, we ordered the calamari ($13). They were so tiny. Tiny little itty bitty rings and teeny tiny little clusters of tentacles. I've had bigger and better calamari, and for far less. Then for our entrees, we ordered the Linguini Frutti Di Mare (a seafood linguini in wine sauce) and the Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken. My husband and I shared them amongst each other. The seafood on the Linguini was good and abundant, however the pasta was terrible. For $23 a plate, I expected the Linguini to be fresh (there is a huge and obvious difference) It wasn't, it was obviously a dried pasta that was overcooked, whereas it had a slimy consistency. I've had fresh pastas at Italian restaurants in Chicago, Philly, and New York that weren't even close to these outrageous prices. One that comes to mind is La Luce in Chicago (one of my favorites). They serve fresh homemade pasta, and the prices range from $14-$17 for huge portions. As for the chicken, it was ok. The chicken was cooked perfectly and was wonderfully juicy. However, the breading on top was a little burnt, creating a bitter flavor. That was really disappointing. Again, for $23 I expected more. The service was great though. That is until we paid for our dinner. After that our waiter could have cared less. He shoved a large portion of linguini into a tiny plastic container, then wrapped it in a plastic bag with my husbands leftovers. When I went to grab the bag, the bag broke, fell on the ground and my linguini spilled everywhere within the bag. Our waiter just walked by a few times without saying a word. He didn't even offer to help get us a second container and bag. We finally stopped him to ask for them. He fetched one for us, and still completely dismissed what had happened. The sad part is, it was only us and another small party, so being too busy to help wasn't really an issue. He just flat out didn't care. It was so obvious and really awkward. All in all, the experience was not that great. My wallet is very sad and so is my palate. Bucca should either serve better food or lower their prices.
4	Nice standard Buca food.  It can get pricey, but the quality is never in doubt.  We stopped in for dinner and we were not disappointed.  The food and the service were great.  No complaints what so ever.  This is always a good place for the family to stop in and have dinner. It is located inside of the Excaliber hotel, so it can be a little tricky to get to.
1	Horrible service...waited 10 minutes for acknowledgement that they knew we were here.  Then another 5 for water to arrive.
