3	Frankly I don't get the hype....Here's why: After waiting 10 minutes for my rather simple turkey sandwich, I wondered what was really revolutionary about their ordering system...No pun intended but I never waited that long at Subway or Jimmy John's for an order...Actually I would say that Jimmy John's wins in the category of speed......and then you would think that by writing down the order yourself and passing it on to the cashier, everything would be perfect ?...well actually they forgot one item in the sandwich...no big deal and didn't ruin my day or anything...but then what's the point of the "personalized" paper bag and the sharpie and the do it yourself...and the sandwich is not cheap either...$ 6.00 for what it is...Quality of the sandwich ? I would give it a C...there is nothing that made that sandwich superior to others in terms of quality of the bread and ingredients.Despite just being opened just a few days....I just don't get it..! Their slogan besides their name mentions: "Superior sandwiches."...I can't say I was blown away or anything...I wanted to give them a try to show my support and to break the Subway habit a little.Two things that I feel that Which wich needs to work on are speed and staff friendliness. I imagine that on busier days, it would take a lot longer to get your order, so I guess I won't bitch too much for my 10 minute wait. I know I can be a diva sometimes, but they've only been open 4 days so I'll give them a little slack. Okay, you get to keep the personalized bag and use the sharpie to then doodle and wiggle to your heart's content on the bag how you feel that day, whether you've been cheating on your wife, or committed any other mortal sins...and then guess what ? you get to hang your very own sandwich bag on the wall. Yippie! I wasn't feeling very gay that day so I opted not to join in the challenge...Oh! last but not least...! They've got newspapers for you...! Another Yippie...to make up for the wait...and there's also a television...! Hmmm, would you mind considering the addition of internet access and maybe a hot tub ? :-)
2	Which Wich at Grayhawk has been open for a week or two. I was next door and I saw the sign, it looked interesting so I went home and checked it out online. I really liked the concept and the menu. Unfortunately the execution is sub par. I've been there 3 times now, ordering various things from the surf and turf to their version of a philly cheesesteak. Each time I am there waiting I notice people from the assembly line having to ask customers additional questions about what they want on their sandwich, or additional details that were not covered or missed during the ordering process. We went there tonight, with my wife, and two kids. It was a comedy of blunders. First, my wife ordered a sandwich. As I picked it up and walked away a guy from the sandwich assembly line called to me and told me he forgot to put the hummus on it. I'm curious what was on this hummus sandwich if he forgot the hummus. So I gave it back to him, he apologized, corrected it and rewrapped it. I brought all the food to my family sitting outside, but waited inside 10 minutes for my milkshake. I finally asked someone about it when I saw other people who came in after me getting their shakes. The person on the assembly line apologized and said he would make it right now. Then three or four more shakes came out for other people and I asked again. Someone else told me I had to go to the cashier. So I went to the cashier and showed him my receipt. He apologized and went to have someone make it.. The cashier came around to hand it to me after about 15 min of waiting. He handed me a coupon for a free small milkshake. I then sat down with my beverage to enjoy my Gyro W/Tzatziki sauce. I unwrapped it and WTF, there was no Tzatziki. Not there was a little and I wanted more, there was zero. So I had to be "that guy" and I took it back. They apologized and sent it back to the assembly line to be corrected. So our meal was full of errors, and full of polite apologies. I want to like this place, I really do, I think it has so much potential, but their system has so many opportunities for their employees to make errors that it's becoming a frustration. They need to get it together soon, they are next door to Chipotle, quite possibly the most efficient restaurant on earth. Someone from Which Wich needs to walk next door and take notes.
2	Wow. What a cool concept. I love interesting vegetarian options with tons of different ingredients. So right away Which Wich appealed to me. Grayhawk really needed a restaurant that is unique and offers variety from the usual schtuff. The first day I went there I ordered a Hummus Wich. The sandwich would have been awesome had they remembered the main ingredient (the hummus). It took a super long time to get my sandwich so one can only imagine my dismay when I had to go back to have them put hummus on.Their mistake the first time, shame on them... I went back for a second go around, shame on me. I paid extra for the avocado on my Hummus Wich (which, incidentally, the cashier went through great pains to circle on the menu) only for them to forget. I wish I could say that I'm exaggerating but I literally waited 20 minutes for a milk shake for my young daughter. They do a fabulous job with trying to appease angry and frustrated customers and yet, they seem so good at making their customers frustrated in the first place. I was given a free sandwich voucher and a free milkshake voucher. It's truly a shame because I really enjoy their food but I really don't want to go back. I guess if you go with the expectation that they WILL mess up your food EVERY time, they will take 20 minutes to prepare a milkshake, and your dining experience will take over an hour (not fast), then this place is the place for you. Definitely come here if time is not an issue for you. Don't bring your antsy kids because they will have to wait. Which Wich? I think I will opt for the Wich down the street for now until they can get their act together.
5	Love the concept, sandwich options and quick service...  For all of you complaining about how long it took to get your sandwich, keep in mind that demand is high and they just opened.  Give them a few weeks to get settled before ripping the new business a new one.
5	I'm a Which Wich fan from other locations. Because Grayhawk is a brand new restaurant, I think the staff isn't totally up to speed. But I haven't had any problems with my food quality. It's as great as other locations. One night they were training a staffer on the register so it took a little longer. My only other complaint is they close at 6:00 pm on Sunday night. I was dreaming of a pastrami sandwich with olive spread but when I grabbed the handle on the front door at 6:15 last Sunday, it was locked. Bummer. I guess absence makes the heart grow fonder. Chipotle and Pei Wei are right next door so I didn't starve. Which Wich is my first choice though. Other sandwich places pale in comparison. I don't even bother going to them anymore. It's Which Wich or nothing! (Kind of.)
2	Rehashing what other have said. S.L.O.W. service. I ordered a plain turkey sammie and it took 15 minutes before it was ready. I work in this shopping center and only had 20 minutes to grab a bite. I have no idea what takes so long considering they don't take the order. You just hand them your bag. Overall the sammie was pretty good. I ordered a "skinny wich" which means they scrape out the excess bread. I like this option a lot. The bread was extra flaky and good, but they put red onions on my sammie which I did not ask for and also hate.... so much that if I ever met an onion in a dark alley would kick it's ass.
3	Glad to see another Which Wich open in North Scottsdale. The chain relies on the novelty concept of using a red sharpie on a paper bag to order. This location has a few kinks to work out. I've been in a few times and it takes much longer to order than other Which Wichs in the Valley.Things Which Wich does right: quality ingredients, well-made sandwiches, fun atmosphere. "I'd like to sit and eat my sandwich here" - said no Subway patron ever.Get the loyalty cup (same price as large) and save on drink refills.
2	I really do wish I could learn from my mistakes. Been waiting and waiting for the new restaurant "kinks" to get worked out. Going to keep my review short n sweet... I am convinced their system of ordering and producing a personalized sandwich is flawed. Ordered a sandwich and they got it wrong yet, again. I have yet to order a sandwich that they get it right. They NEVER get it right and I do mean, NEVER. Went there yesterday, the restaurant was empty. I think there were 4 or 5 employees working. No excuse not to be able to read the bag... And what'll ya know? Brought my sandwich back for the avocado which I paid extra for. Unbelievable!! Shame on me for going back. It seems the system is flawed. Perhaps a subway- type set up is a better route to go? Reading items off the paper bag may just be too much for the sandwich makers.
2	The Brits have an expression, "Smart by half.' I was driving up Scottsdale Road and noticed this new location. I have been on Which Wich's mailing list for a while and remember getting a "Reverse Happy Hour buy one, get one free offer through August 15th" email .I ordered two medium turkey sandwiches, with extra meat ($3.00 up charge) and a soda.  My thinking was that one would be free and the bill would be around $10.00 or so.  Instead I was told it would be $19.16. Seems the offer reads "order any regular size Wich and get the second Wich free".  Silly me.The two mediums weighted almost two pounds each.  They felt really, really heavy.  I was impressed. But without that credit, it would have been nearly $27 for those two subs and one drink. WowSo yesterday I thought I would try the same exercise, but with two "Regular" sized sandwiches.  Without ordering a drink, my bill came to $6.41 and the two subs combined weight barely a pound.At this point I'm giving up on comparison tests. I'll be sticking to Jimmy Johns or Jersey Mike's.  BTW, both places were empty and it took nearly ten minutes to get my order. So maybe, "Subs, So Slow You'll Freak?" LOLSorry, Two Stars and  "Meh. I've experienced better."
4	Glad I gave them a shot in spite of other reviews and a friend of mine who was under-impressed. If it weren't for the buy one/get one coupon, I probably would have delayed or avoided stoping in. As soon as I walked in, a gal greeted me asked if it was my first time and I said "yes". She came over and gave me a quick tutorial of the menu and ordering process. Ok got it! Time to order...I ordered a tuna and an Italian grinder. I must say off the rip, I was impressed by the variety of sandwich options, cheeses, condiments and toppings. Far more options than Subway, Potbelly and even Jimmy Johns (which I love). I also liked that the bread was good without being overwhelming (all bread-no filler like Subway).  My order was correct and didn't take very long (5-6 minutes) considering I ordered two custom sammies When folks say it took forever, I wonder if they're also calculating the time it took them to decide then check-mark the sandwich bag. If I add that time, then yes, it took me about 15m or so to order and leave. I'd definitely go back and soon! Enjoy!
3	I've gone to this Which Wich several times. I have to say I like their variety.  You can specify exactly what you want and don't want and they have an assembly line to create it for you.  As for the sandwich, I'd give it maybe 6 or 7 out of 10.  Not the most meat and ingredients on a sub, but not the least either. You pay the same price for most subs no matter what type it is, and to me its a bit overpriced with a small being almost $6, and a medium almost $9.  They have a loyalty card, but beware it has an expiration date on it just a few months after you get it, meaning you have to go pretty often to get a free one before you lose it. Overall, I'd put their subs at about average, their value a bit under average. They were very friendly, almost to the point of it being a bit too much.
5	This place is so much better then subway. The employees are very nice. It may take them a while to make the sandwich but you cant rush perfection. I will definitely be comming here more often then subway.
4	Which Wich has a wonderful span of sandwich options   The concept is quite simple, though it took me a bit to figure out what I needed to do before I started.  First, pick one of 10 bags that represents the core of your sandwich (chicken, ham, veggie, tuna, etc.)  Then, fill out the options with a Sharpie.  (details here:  http://www.whichwich.com/menu)  Different sizes of sandwiches are available only if you use bread--lettuce wrap and salad bowl options come in one size.  I opted for a chicken lettuce wrap with hummus and all sorts of veggies added in.  It was very flavorsome and quite filling.   I observed a very friendly store manager greeting customers as they entered the restaurant.  He was quick to assist rookies with the bag selection process.  Later he chatted with customers and asked how their lunch was after they completed their dining.  It's nice to see old-fashioned friendliness from a franchise owner!  Kudos to him!Tasty deserts are offered so don't forget to save room for a cookie or an ice cream cookie sandwich.
5	This place was awesome. It was my first time there. So go big or go home. I got the wicked five meat sandwich. Delish.  I saw some people complain about how long the wait is. You can't rush perfection. So if you don't mind waiting maybe 7 mins then come here. I am a huge sandwich person and am very critical on it being awesome or its not worth my time.  Blows Jimmy Jon's out of the water. Heavy on meat not just bulking it up with lettuce. Enjoy if you try it. :)
1	The sandwiches here are pretty good for a chain shop, but they just can't seem to get my orders correct.  I've given them several chances.  I've ordered on the bag at the store and I've ordered on the iPhone app.  I've tried ordering very simple sandwiches, and I've tried ordering when I'm the only person in the restaurant. Regardless, they consistently find ways to screw up the bill and/or the sandwich.I can appreciate that mistakes happen in any restaurant, and the young people who work here seem well-intentioned.  But the problems are persisting, and reviews here lead me to believe I'm not the only one having this problem.  Maybe the system is just too complicated for the staff who work here.  Even though it's the only sandwich shop for many miles, I don't see myself going back here.
1	They have the WORST ordering system in the world. You have to place your order on a paper bag. Plan on an extra 5-10 minutes for everyone in your group who hasn't been here before. Then plan on an extra 15 minutes for the SIX people on the sandwich assembly line read your bag and make a sandwich...which will be wrong.I wrote my order down on the paper bag. The 7 people working there today all read the same bag and still got the sandwich wrong. When I came back to get the bacon they forgot, they took it behind the counter and piled bacon bits on it. I asked if they were out of bacon, but that is their bacon. ....old, crusty, processed bacon bits. Their sandwiches are nothing special, they are over-priced, and they apparently don't want to talk to their customers, so they make you fill in bubbles on a paper bag to place an order.I will avoid this shit-hole at all costs.
5	This place has the most exceptional service! They go leaps and bounds to provide quality food and service to third customers! My office orders from them weekly and we've never been disappointed!
5	They have come along way! Worked out the kinks of a new sandwich shop. No complaints here. Love the concept and I have had consistently perfect sandwiches!
