5	I can't believe that no one has reviewed Vespa Madison, also known as Dunn's Import Inc.  So, it looks like I will have to tell all of you how fantastic it is.  In Madison on a vacation, I was pleased to have passed by this small Vespa dealership on a Sunday - sad it was a Sunday because it was closed.  I patiently waited until Monday to pay them a little visit. Doh- closed on Monday but the owner, Jeff Dunn was in and he let me in to shop anyway.  Now, I'm not a rule breaker, I would have gladly waited until Tuesday but when he said he would help me, I took him up on his offer.  I made it clear that he wasn't going to make any money off me because I already have a new scoot and I'm just looking for gear.  It made no difference to him how much I was going to spend.  He was really outgoing and friendly and it appeared that he truly loves his job.We quickly found what we were looking for and made our purchases.  Jeff took lots of time to talk with us about the local scoot scene in Madison and was happy to share information about the rules of the road, etc.  We felt very much at home and very much welcome in his shop, even if we weren't spending a bunch of cash.  The shop is located in what appears to have been a residence at one time.  It's been converted into a hip showroom complete with an espresso maker and a patio table outdoors.  The showroom is small but very complete.  Dunn's has enough gear to please any Vespa aficionado.  When we visited, they had fabulous sale items.Vespa Madison/Dunn's gets the coveted 5 star rating from me.  Great service, friendly people, great inventory - what else do you need?  When in the market for a new scoot, it would be highly likely that I would travel from Lincoln, Nebraska to Madison just to buy a scoot from Jeff.
5	I was treated to a very comprehensive lesson on scooters by Jeff that was very imformative.  I have had two scooters but I really learned a lot from him. He even stayed with me after the shop closed. The atmosphere is very pleasant and they provide snacks too.  Nice guy, cute shop....may buy from them soon.
2	They are a nice alternative to Zimbrick in Madison is you have a foreign car.  However I would recommend Zimbrick as the mechanics at Zimbrick will tell you what items you can do yourself to save money.  Look out at Dunn's as they may try to add on additional services that you don't really need which will cost you more money.
