4	Fairly new fish market in the Starmount area and unlike some others, this place is super clean and the seafood is super fresh.  They also offer a nice size grocery area with a little bit of everything and some very interesting spices and other products that you may not find elsewhere.  Check it out if you're in the area.
5	I really like this place. It can get busy after people get off work, but the butchers do a good job and the fish is brought in fresh weekly. Best to buy then, of course. All the fish is domestically fished or farmed. The grocery has Asian and Latin foods and spices. There is an alcohol selection and they proudly take EBT.
4	Hello Friends, I stopped in here yesterday (09/04) after watching my line up (anything on Food Network, or Cooking Channel) anyway they were making a nice stir fry. I admit. i have been on Cedar Plank grilling (thanks to Sam the Cooking Guy) kick for weeks but now... Now I think i'll take my talent to Stir Fry cooking. I came in looking for some fish sause, and whole Red Snapper and THAT'S all!Yelp (welp) after I walked in while the owner held the door open for me, I was met with the pungent smell of fish (?????) Now I know where they came up with the name.Pretty nice place (this isn't my 1st checkin even though the app said it was) that has about 3 or 4 rows of seasonings, tea's, canned goods, noodles, etc.. They have a lot of different fish. Clams, Mussels, Oysters etc.. (I have been on my clams, mssls, oys. kick pretty heavy as well). They have a Numbered sign that goes from 1- taking the scales off all the way up to 10 (i believe) that takes the head off, fins, etc. oh yeah, I did pick up my fish sause, seasame oil, a jar of sliced ginger, and MY whole  RED SNAPPER.. less than 17.00. Its just waiting for me to get home and bring my talents with me!!Cheer's to the gift of Giving and the Blessing of recieving, To eat like Men and to Drink like Fish!!
1	Stopped here in a afternoon, wasn't impress with the selections. The stuff they do have were looking that great either, got nothing and walk out the door.....smelled fishy just like the name.
5	A friend of ours wanted to cook up a special mussels dinner for a group of us, and after calling around all over the city looking for 4 lbs. of fresh mussels, he finally found Fishy Fish, who was more than accommodating.   Not only did they supply him with fresh mussels at a reasonable price, when he got him home and cleaned them all, he was pleasantly surprised to find only 2 were bad.  Needless to say, the spaghetti & mussels dinner was heavenly!
5	FISHY FISH MARKETIf you're looking for fresh seafood, come no further than Fishy Fish Market in Charlotte, North Carolina!!! They have a wide assortment of fish that will blow your mind! This is also the ONLY place that I've ever seen that sells Sting Ray Wings!!! Totally wanna try next time! Prices are reasonable and they even cook it for you!
4	Good selection of fish. They do also have plenty of squid: frozen or fresh.
4	I have heard so many people say that this fish market smelled of fish as you pulled up.  I beg to differ.  I walked in the front door and fishy fish did not smell fishy at all until I got right up to the fish counter of course.  The selection was great.  I ordered a few pounds of perch filets and jumbo shrimp. I seasoned with a dash of salt and deep fried them using House Autry Seafood Breader.  The fish smelled and tasted very fresh.  The shrimp was great also.  The store is very clean and the staff is very nice.  the prices are in line with market value for this area.  Actually the perch was a dollar cheaper than fresh catch and southside seafood market.  I will be back to try the fresh Croaker and whiting.   I am giving a 4 start because I haven't had a second trip or a taste of the different varieties to form and first hand opinion.  I will be back soon though.
4	Also an excellent market with no 'Fish' smell when you walk in and while there.
4	Thanks to my dad... this will be my go to spot for all my seafood needs! Now, I've driven past this place dozens of times and never gave it a second look... my dad's in town visiting for a week during the holidays and he finds this place and I'm hooked. The exterior aside, this place offers tons of really fresh seafood and it's really good quality. So far, I've had their shrimp, crab legs (which they will cook and season for you!!!) and fresh salmon. I would recommend them all. There is also a small grocery attached with different spices, flour and seafood breader so you can pick up all you need in one trip. The best part is the great staff. The owners and staff are  always smiling and have some great suggestions to offer. This was an excellent find (thanks dad!) so if you are in the area you should definitely check them out!
5	Luv this place. The variety of offerings are incredible. Excellent  quality and value!! I especially was imprssed by their excellent customer service. I am a clean catch fan as well as one of the other reviewers so my fish standards are pretty high. I recommend this place highly.  I will return.
