5	Hey for a local DIVE this is the place.  Karaoke, pool, and you do not even need to bring your marlboro's cause it is so smoky you just need to inhale - I was there for a couple hours I think I smoked about 4 packs.  I almost lost my 36 year old friend to couple of 60 year old women smokin cigars at the bar.  Hey corn beef and cabbage on St. Paddys day.  The girls sure are purdy tho!  - and actually the people sure were hospitable.
5	This might be the best dive bar ever! Used to go here all the time from 2000 - 2002, cause of the $3 pitchers, now i can only make it back every few months :(  Scott is right about the smoke, but with the AZ smoking ban it is no longer an issue. The bar is roughly the size of a large living room with a pool table, darts, real bathrooms, and 2 tvs. Cant remember how much the pitchers are now, but last time i got totally plowed and spent like $20. Crowd is hit or miss, but always friendly. Sometime its all regulars, sometime there are some attractive younger singles in there.. just depends. If your trying to find the place, don't get confused. Its wedged back in the corner of a shopping center, the door of which does not face the street.
4	Super friendly barkeep, great prices, and nice atmosphere. If you're looking just for a place to grab a drink and meet up with a few friends, this is a great place for it.
3	If you are unfamiliar with the area, you would never know this place existed...it is tucked away in the back corner of the corner of a strip mall.  I always wondered why there were cars in this back lot late at night, and years later I found out there was actually a bar back there!Needless to say, this place definitely can be considered your traditional dive bar, although I am not hating on it by any means.  The crowd is mixed, ranging from mid 20's to 60's.  It is extremely small in here, with one pool table that seemingly is always busy (You have to write your name on the white board to go up next, no traditional quarters on the table here).  Also, the lighting is very faint.  Generally I would say it's kinda trashy, but something is appealing about it at the same time.Service at this place downright sucks.  I've found that waiting for the bartender or waitress is not as beneficial as just going to the bar and ordering a drink.  When the wait staff is attentive, they are friendly, which makes up for this blundering mess of a place.  Drinks are CHEAP, which always helps because we all know that I am a starving student.  I can definitely say that I have spent a few nights here drinking until the wee hours and left feeling like the biggest pile of crap the next day.In either case, give it a try, check it out.  They have karaoke on the weekends, which is fun, because I suck at it.  Will I go back, yes...
4	this place is a really fun neighborhood bar if yo can find it. Its tucked away in the Frys parking lot. The prices are great and the drinks are nicely done. I highly recommend you give this place a whirl.
3	This is the place I'd imagine Glendale's bizarro world version of Walter, Donny, and The Dude go to knock back a few tasty brews after a long night of cigarettes, yappity pomeranians, arguing the intricacies of bowling with fragile vietnam vets, and being threatened with sodomy from Latino pederasts. The Hoot Owl has probably the most ironically hip 70's retro throwback interiors that I have ever stumbled across in a west side bar, and I mean this without a trace of ire. From the minute I stepped in I was in "my element". As a general rule I tend not to drink too far from home, but this little hideaway is nestled in a strip mall very near to my lovely mother's house, so an obligatory visit and couch crash isnt outside of the realm of possibilities. What's more is that right down the street is mi comida, next door is nam sao, and across the street is rainbow grocery outlet - not one, but three of my favorite places! The Hoot Owl makes it four! The patrons of the Hoot all seemingly know each other and that neighborhood bar vibe is rampant, which could be great or bad, you decide. The drinks are ridiculously cheap, and the service: attentive, jocund, and generally somewhat reminiscent of my auntie deb; who herself is the embodiement of the previous qualities if somewhat a little anachronistic. There is a jukbox, and pool table, both of which are usually hogged by the regulars. The Booths are plush camel coloured leather, and the lighting the perfect amount of dim. I could easily see myself spending a great deal of my time here if I lived in Glendale, and godwilling that never happens, I will always have the option.
4	This place is SO SMALL, but the sound system is GREAT, and they play a nice selection of blues-y rock, classic rock , southern rock, and a sprinkling of honky tonk country. I had a BLAST. One of the better dive bars that I have had the pleasure of drinking in. Very relaxed atmosphere, mostly the 30something to fifty something crowd...perfect place to go have a drink after work.
4	This is going to make the rotation of small dive bars in our area to frequent.  Came in here planning to just have a beer and relax since I had to work next morning.  Small COLD Blue Moon pitcher and a foo foo drink for my wife were only 8 bucks.  Just as we finished our drinks and were getting ready to leave an outstanding gentleman who's name I can't remember bought the whole bar a round of drinks.  So not to be rude we enjoyed another round.  I can't wait to come here with our whole group of friends.
3	I enjoyed my time at the hoot. Here is how it went down.We met up with 5 others and we crowded the place.. not really but the bar is small. The service was excellent, the drinks were a little meh. I expected a stronger pour to be honest. The karaoke was in full swing and there were plenty of people singing. I can't say it was the best I have ever heard either. The patrons were mostly regulars and seemed to be cool. It was a dudes birthday and the bar sang to him.Around 1am there was an influx of a rowdier crowd coming in not sure if they were regulars or not but I had a sinking feeling that shit was gonna get ugly for some reason. NOTHING happened but the pizza guy came by with like 5 pizzas for 6 a piece...freaking smarty pants...it was good pizza too!All and all I would go back. I am not a super fan and cannot recommend this to my mother but for my rag tag friends and me it is just fine. PS.. the restrooms were spotless!
5	Impressed with this strip mall alley dive bar. I love the Hoot Owl! Best part they have extremely clean restrooms for men and woman. Great service and great deals!
4	I have been here 1 time and would totally comeback. I was there on a weekday night and they had some sort of you call it drinks for cheap. They had pool tables. All the people were very relaxed. It was a cool chill environment. What I liked the most was the dim lighting and the decor. It was like an 80's porn movie scene.  The ages were 21-60. More males than females but hey it's a bar! I don't think I would come here looking to meet anyone.
4	Perfect dive bar.  Drinks are reasonably priced and the service was good.
4	The outside of the bar is totally meh.It's just a door in a wall and no neon signs to indicate its coolness factor.The inside is a nut house.This isn't a bar you go to because you really like up and coming bar scenes, or you really "enjoy the ambiance" of places. This is a bar you go to because you like divey little places where people watching is just the bees knees.The bartenders have a heavy pour, the air is a little musky (but not so much that it is annoying), the pools table is in the middle of the bar and the patrons are a good times.If you're looking for a bar to go to with a group, then this could be it for you! But if you're going to pick up on people, then maybe not here... maybe not here.
5	Super cool neighborhood "dive", you wouldn't know it was there if you just drove by and that's what makes it perfect! Mixed crowd young - old and regulars - newbies great mix! They have a "Hoot Shot" that has a way of making you forget you were ever there!
3	Talk about a hole in a wall... I mean that in a good way. Tucked back in a corner of a strip mall you never know it was. Nice if you stay away from tourist like people like Marla (you know fight club). Genuine dive bar.
5	This place is the definition of a hole in the wall! My boyfriend and I had a little trouble finding the place but once we found it, it was like finding a treasure!It was a cozy little place and we met up with another couple there. It was on a Tuesday and they had $2 screwdrivers which was pretty excellent. The bartender (and I wish I could remember her name) was the sweetest lady and super friendly. Everyone there was having a great time.They have great deals on drinks. I would rather go here than to any fancy schmancy bar in town
