5	I moved recently and had to use the Budget truck rental service here. (This place is dubbed Storage West, but they offer Budget trucks here.) The service was great, the truck was pretty good and the experience went about as smoothly as any rental experience can go. The woman at the front desk was friendly and cared about the customer experience. The truck itself was fine. I noticed the suspension was very stiff and you could feel every bump in the road. This was both empty as well as weighed down. Not sure if there's anything this place can do other than lowering the tire pressure and replacing shocks all the way around, but if you're expecting the softest ride for your valuables, you won't find it here. Decent gas mileage and functioning A/C made it also a good deal. What could be improved? Internal staff communication. It would be a good idea if they both had radios so they can page each other on the property. Even GMRS walkie-talkies would be a good start.What makes this place get five stars? Well, I can tell it's a small business. They did everything they could to make me happy and offered their services affordably. They are friendly and pretty easy-going. If I had a question or a concern, they answered it promptly and favorably. If there room to improve? Sure, but it's not something I'll knock them for. Tip: Make your reservation on Budget.com and apply the special discount code they have available on their site. This time, I was able to apply a 20% off code - but it varies and changes every month.
5	We had our storage unit for about 2 years here while we lived in a tiny nearby apartment. Christy and her husband are the SWEETEST! We always loved seeing them when we had to stop in to get something. While we're happy to move to a new,  bigger home, we were completely satisfied with the service from Storage West. Reasonable prices, clean and safe facilities, great customer service. I'd recommend Storage West - Baseline to anyone! Thanks so much! Matt and Megan L.
5	This place was amazing!  I called from the road in my moving truck while setting up the rental.  It was a hassle free, very accommodating, and extremely friendly experience.  This was just the experience I needed after leaving the small town life for the giant city.
