4	Does this valley need another sub shop? No, it certainly doesn't. This seems to be a family-owned enterprise and the value is maybe just a wee bit better than the national franchises, so maybe it's not the first one I'd drive through if I happened to have a bulldozer at my disposal.It's still just a sub though, and I thought this particular sandwich was in the style of Blimpie's. The bread is a little bit on the thick side, heavy on the lettuce that looks like it was run through a document shredder, plus a reasonable quantity of meat.
4	I think this place is great, although a lot of the time the staff consists of bratty high school kids who act annoyed that they have to help you.
5	I went here twice since then and the workers were much nicer, no bratty attitudes, still teenagers but thats fine with me. Now I'm obsessed with this place, the food is sooo good! I love their bread and the ton of lettuce they put on your sandwich. My favorite so far is the warm roast beef, try it, it's great!
3	The place is pretty good, but could use some consistency. Each time I've gone in, they handle things differently - the last time, they actually asked for my order ahead of time, wrote it down, and made the sandwich based off of this little paper - odd. They also don't seem to understand that "oil and vinegar" means just that, and not italian dressing - I could see the oil and vinegar with my own eyes, I know they have it! Ugh. Food is decent, service is decent, they just need something memorable to keep me coming back.
3	I stumbled in here over the weekend, and it was alright. I ended up getting the 8 inch roast beef sub cold, and really enjoyed it.  I was impressed with how the sub came out, taste wise.My only thing, is that this place is kind of dumpy...in a weird way.  I like the food, but something lacks about the service/location.  Its not bad, just more, um, less then what I had expected?  Thus, the 3 stars. If it was on food alone, I would have given it 5.  Honestly, I think this place could probably do A LOT better service wise, and to spice it up a little in there.
4	Really really good subs!  I've heard from a reliable source that the guys who run Ned's and the guys who run Steve's are related.  That explains why their subs are equally delicious!  Fresh tasty white bread was the most memorable part of my sub.  I think the cheese here is A+ as well!  I know I'll be back whenever I'm in that area!
5	Excellent Subs, So far its been consistent for me. The actual store could use some work and decor, but what would I expect out front of a community college.Lunch Deal is also great. $5 bucks for 8" Sub, chips n Drink... I wouldn't expect more service since, the price is great. If they hired some knowledgeable experiences service staff, they would need to pay more, thus prices going up.. I am totally kewl with the way they are..
1	This place wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't so dirty! You can see a layer of filth on the cabinet doors behind the counter, between the glass and the sub making station, on the dressing bottles (that the server touches while making sandwiches), the floor, the tables, and even the one video game they have was filthy. I bought and ate a sub, anyway, and ended up with an upset stomach for the rest of the afternoon. I won't be going back.
5	Great subs, friendly service. Just as good as Ned's, but Steve's has root beer ice cream and you can watch them make the "samiches". Never had a better sub than their 12" hot turkey on white with everything. Kids love their pizza boat too.
