4	This place ended up being a pleasant surprise, and I am also surprised it is not on Yelp yet.  It's got a decent location, so again not sure why others have not been Yelping it.I had the Sesame Chicken, which my three year old ate almost the whole plate - SO I ended up eating his Teriyaki Chicken (which was very good) too.  My wife got a Veggie plate and said it was really good too.Good to have another choice in Queen Creek for Chinese because there are not that many good ones out here.  Go try it, I really don't think you will be disappointed!
5	I read Matt S.' review and decided to stop by on my day off. His reviews have never steered me wrong. Once again, right on the money. I stopped in for lunch and was surprised to see a several people there mid-day on a Tuesday. The menu proclaims Golden Harvest as Queen Creek's best Chinese food. After my initial visit, I cannot disagree.When I try a new place, I always order the same plate. For Chinese restaurants it is the General Tso. This has got to be the best General Tso I have ever had. It was crispy, but not crunchy. The chicken was tender and not overcooked. A perfect amount of sauce, rice and broccoli. All for $8.95. The portion was big enough for 2 portions (3 portions if I properly listened to Dr. Gupta).Definitely give this place a shot. It definitely is Queen Creek's best Chinese.
5	American-style Chinese restaurants may not be authentic, but I grew up with them and love them, and Golden Harvest is about the best I've had anywhere. There are many Chinese joints closer to us, but we always take the extra time to drive to Golden Harvest.My litmus test is Kung Pao Chicken. GH uses good quality chicken in an oh-so-tasty sauce that I mop up with rice when the chicken's gone. I'm not a big fan of orange chicken (it's usually a gloppy mess of gristly meat), but GH again uses good meat and fries it to a perfect crispiness that stands up to the sweet sauce. My wife, a tofu lover, is addicted to their deep-fried pillow tofu (seriously, try it). In over 10 visits, every single dish we've tried has been a winner.Golden Harvest is the gold standard for American Chinese in the southeast valley. On top of that they have dinner combos for under $10. What's not to love? Forget PF what's-his-name, this is the place to go.
4	Excellent service. Friendly family place. Very fast.
3	Super average Chinese food. Unless you dont have a vehicle and can't drive any further do yourself a favor and hit up either Iron Chef on Power or Taste of China on Higley. Much much better food.Our soup was cold at this place and the server was not the friendliest either.
4	Polite, friendly, and attentive service.  Something absent from most restaurants in this area.  Very clean and inviting.  Generous portions, even for lunch.  Very pleased!
5	Holy freaking YES . . . fist pulling with excitement . . . yes, yes, yes. I found the one. Lucky Queen Creek, Arizona. The place goes by the name of (drumroll, please) Golden Harvest. Real. Good. Authentic. Chinese. Love. Love. Love. Love.Care for a Yum Check?Cashew Chicken: yum.Sweet and Sour Chicken: yum.Dumplings: YUM.Kung Pao Chicken: YUM.Orange Chicken: YUM!!!!Thank god there's a delicious Chinese restaurant in AZ.
5	MOST UNDERRATED RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA! Eat there every week with coupon!  They always have a coupon and the best, hottest food! The orange chicken is so crispy inside and nicely tart sauce. Egg rolls that are never greasy, very crispy and so fresh. It is a casual and comfortable atmosphere where you never dress up. Eat before 4pm so cheap or even after is really cheap. Family of 4 with beer and wine for about $10 per person!
2	Nice atmosphere and pleasant service but the restaurant is generally not very full.  Carry-out is their big business.The biggest issue I have is inconsistency in the cooking.  For example, the Kung Pao Chicken on one day will be prepared and seasoned totally differently the next time you order it. As a result, sometimes you may not like what you ordered. I get that the same cook can't be there all the time, but there results should be at least somewhat similar. The egg rolls are not very good.  They have a very thin, crispy layer of dough on the outside and the remainder of the roll is greasy and mushy.
5	Food was perfect portions, price was fair & appropriate, food taste.... off the charts. Really good Chinese food here in Queen Creek.
5	Love this place!  The sign on the window says it's the best Chinese food in Queen Creek and they're not lying.  What's really amazing is how they remember so many of their customers.  Walk in the door and they greet you with a smile, remember your drink preferences and bring them almost without asking.  They even remember regular customer's favorite dishes.  Service like that keeps me coming back.
1	I wish I had listened to the negative reviews for once.I'm taking a break from violently vomiting to write this review in hopes it saves someone else and their family from experiencing the horror we have.We ordered last night and I went in to pick it up. The restaurant smelled awful, looked dirty and the cashier was rude when I didn't tip her for food I came in to pick up.We ordered Kung Pao Chicken and Orange Chicken. Neither was very good. The orange chicken was dry, had no sauce and was soggy and gross. The Kung Pao had a weird taste to it.Immediately after taking my last bite, I felt nauseous. I am 6 months pregnant and although I have not experienced nausea with this pregnancy, I figured it must be me. NOPE! I was running for the bathroom within ten minutes and that was AFTER taking a melt away nausea suppressant. Within an hour, my husband was feeling ill. H didn't start violently vomiting until 1am and that was an every 30minute to one hour ordeal until 10am. He can't even hold down water at this point.THANK GOD we did not feed any of this  disgusting garbage to our baby. I can't even imagine what this would have done to his 11 month old system.I intend on taking what is left of this nasty food back to this disgusting establishment and demanding a refund for what this has put my family through and for what it could have done to my baby. I am pregnant which makes it even more dangerous.DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE. ANY positive reviews must be extremely old because there is no way they're talking about the same food we had. No way in hell.Food poisoning from what appears to be a very dirty place. NEVER AGAIN!I would also like to mention that we have reported this experience to the county health department. THAT is how bad this was.
1	I've had the worst food going experience at this place. The food kept me up all night puking. Never will I come here again. From the reviews I've read, it sounds like its not a very clean restaurant. I'd also like to see a health inspection here.
1	UPDATE: I am incredibly taken back that the owner had the nerve to come on here in a sad attempt to discredit my honest review. I also find it funny that there is a review from the same week complaining of getting sick off the food and she's badgering that reviewer as well. Tacky business practice. Very tacky.
1	Wow. I am blown away by some of the positive reviews here. I have eaten a lot of Chinese food in my life and the difference between the best and the worst has always been fairly close. Its all generally pretty good. I went to the Golden Harvest 2 weeks ago, while trying to tour local establishments as a new resident. For the first time, I actually had BAD Chinese food. First, my daughter is a big fan of Orange Chicken and the childs menu only had a couple of choices, orange chicken is not one of them. Asked if we could have a childs portion and the waiter (owner?) said no. That's a problem because the adult portion is huge. We should have just left right then and there. Second problem, Sweet & Sour Chicken was terrible. Sauce was terribly watered down and tasteless,  which made the chicken soggy after only 5 mins. Rice was edible, but below par. My father had the beef and broccoli and could only manage about half. I've never seen this guy not finish...he said it was gross. I am a big supporter of local places, but unfortunately I wont be able to come back to the not so golden palace.
5	Love this place! Go here all the time and the ladies are so nice! This was the first restaurant we found when moving to this side of the valley and we have been extremely happy with both the service & food. We are never disappointed and we would recommend Golden Harvest to anyone!
5	We eat here about once a month and have always had great food and service. I have noticed how the food is always much better if you eat in, I wonder if some of the bad reviews were a result of food sitting. We always get the sweet and sour chicken and kung pao chicken and have always enjoyed it. have eaten there about 20 times never had rude service or gotten ill.
5	I have had consistently great food here!  My family often gets an order of pork fried rice and orange chicken and its more than enough to feed three adults and two children with left overs! I'm usually sensitive to take out Chinese food because of the oil. I usually get sick, but never have at this place. Really nice staff and always clean. One of our favorites!
5	Solid, above average, chinese food.  Great friendly service.  We come here often for take out (sure wish they had delivery).  A treat in Queen Creek to have above average food at a restaraunt.
5	The food served at Golden Harvest is amazing, taking the price and variety into consideration.We ordered Shrimp Lo Mein, and paid $8.95 for it. It was enough food for two adults. Can't beat a delicious dinner for less than $5 each!Friends of ours ordered the Orange Chicken - it was crispy and flavored nicely. Other friends ordered the Beef and Broccoli - huge portions for super cheap!Crab Rangoon leaves something to be desired, but the other food made up for it. Rice was hot, fresh, and delicious. :)P.S. Ask for the Orange Shrimp. Best dish I've tried!
5	Honestly the best egg drop soup i have ever had!  I haven't even got to my wanton soup yet but I am sure it is just as good.  Also as small as it sounds the bagging was awesome too!  They placed a piece of cardboard under the 2 quarts of soup so the bag did not sag!
1	Used to be so good idk what happened because their chow mein, hot and sour soup, honey shrimp--just everything is disgusting compared to iron chef. I promise you I used to be a weekly customer there. Idk if they got new cooks but everything is not good anymore.
5	We love Golden Harvest! HUGE delicious portions make busy nights easy. Friendly staff. We've been coming for years and will continue.
4	Go to Chinese take out for Queen Creek proper.  Always friendly.  Kids love the "donuts".
5	My husband and I love Golden Harvest. Their lunch specials are so cheap and they give you a great deal of food. The food is delicious and the staff is very helpful and friendly. We typically order take-out, but have dined in a couple of times and we have been satisfied ordering both ways. When we order take out, the food is ready within 10-15 minutes every time. When you dine in, they give you appetizers while you wait to eat. They have amazing customer service that keeps us coming back time and time again. But most of all, the prices are hard to beat. The amount of food you get in coordination with the prices is the best seller.
5	We still go to Golden Harvest regularly and enjoy it as much as ever. The lo mein has good "wok hey" and the Mongolian beef the best I've had anywhere -- and it's consistently that good.
1	I don't know what happened to this place, but I ordered take out today and it barely had any taste! I got General Tso chicken and it was super dry, and fried rice, which didn't have any flavor at all. I've gone hear before and the food was just ok, but this time was really bad.
4	Best Chinese I've had in the qc. Really large portions and very nice people. Call ahead for larger groups if your worried about having the big banquet tables open. Really considering having my next d&d session here.
5	Love this place, and the staff, food is always super fresh, fast and cheap  (just like your mom), lol...but seriously I love this little joint..and I go there sometimes for lunch at work, the lunch special is so cheap I thought that had the total wrong, 2 main courses, a soup, spring roll, crab rangoon, rice for (all in both lunches...for like $12!!! Vegetarian option is always a plus!
5	My wife and moved to San tan valley in the last 18 months and we're looking for a decent Chinese place. Their orange chicken is always crisp, the veggies are fresh, and the food seems to be of a moderate to high quality. My wife loves the Kung pao chicken and loves the fact that they don't use msg. They also have super cheap and affordable lunch deals that come with more than enough food.
4	Hot and Sour soup was really good here.  Been searching for some decent chinese food and this has been the best we have found.  We will be returning.
