5	singularly, the best.
5	Marie Osmond was in today...
5	Went here years ago since my insurance covered it. Dr Lok put numerous needles in me ( I never felt them go in) used electrical currents through them. When I left I had full range of motion with my neck & right shoulder for the 1st time in over 10 years. I didn't even need to crack my neck which had become a frequent habit. In 1 session he repaired what months of physical therapists & doctors had never been able to help. I tried other acupuncturists when we moved out of the area for other injuries, but they were not as effective. Now that I'm back in Vegas I will be going back if I get injured again. I'd rather have Dr Lok fix my problem than have some doctor give me pills to mask the symptoms.
5	This is the FIRST acupuncture clinic that was LEGALIZED in the nation. http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,945215,00.htmlLok Yee Kung is Peter Lok's father. Dr. Lok gets to the point and he'll be up front with you if he can help you or not. I HAD plantar fasciitis (irriation and swelling in your heel/foot area).  After my 2nd treatment I could tell my heel wasn't giving me as much pain as before. After my 6th treatment, I was seriously amazed that my heel wasn't randomly shooting pain.  I haven't had to wait in the waiting room for more than 5 minutes.  Friendly, helpful staff. 20-25 minutes for an acupuncture treatment may seem a little short, but it makes sense that you can't over stimulate your nerves. Sadly, not all insurance companies and medicare will cover acupuncture and who knows why!? Remember acupuncture is not instant relief! It takes time to heal your nerves just like your body.
5	Excellent experience, every visit. When you come to the office everyone that works there is genuinely pleasant. They really make you feel at ease. Dr. Lok is no exception. In addition to being a kind and pleasant guy, he is also confident and self-assured. You have absolutely no doubt that you are getting excellent care.I'll let you experience the wonder of acupunture for yourself - but I will tell you my mood has not be this stable and positive in probably years.
5	I don't write a lot of reviews, but have done a couple on YELP.  I stumbled on this site today while looking for Dr. Lok's business hours.  I didn't use YELP the last time I went to Dr. Lok, so didn't think about reviewing him, but felt the need to since he does a superb job, and allowed me to return to a normal life again.  I felt the need to review him so others don't put off getting relief from his treatment like I stubbornly did thinking it wouldn't work.  I first went to Dr. Lok in 2003 for chronic and debilitating back pain/compressed L4/L5. I was desperate for relief, and he was my last chance before I was going to have surgery.  I couldn't do anything physical without causing severe back pain.  I didn't have any faith that it would work, but figured why not give it a chance. I was treated for six times over a two week period. I initially felt some relief, but not a lot. A couple of weeks after I discontinued treatment, thinking it didn't work for me, I started to feel much better. Two months after I had begun my treatment, I was pain free. I was really surprised because I had no faith in acupuncture working for me.  I hadn't been pain free in over 15 years. Now I could do yard work, and other physical activities without having to spend the rest of the day on an icepack or heating pad just to survive the pain.  Now nine years later (2012) I am still feeling great. I find that about every two to three years I need to go back for five treatments to keep me going.  I do still use a chiropractor every couple of months to adjust me, but acupuncture is the key.  It's time again because I'm having some minor pain in my back and have learned I don't have to live with it.  I'm going again today.  I've referred several friends and family members to Dr. Lok, and everyone that has gone to him had positive results from the treatment. I've yet to send someone to him that thought it would help them, but after some nagging, I got them to go.  Several of them were afraid of the needle.  The needles are very fine and don't hurt. Once they were treated, they were believers too.  A guy I work with was permanently disabled from a back injury and spinal surgery, and after going to Dr. Lok, he was able to return to full duty at work. He gives Dr. Lok full credit for giving him back his life.  He not only will treat back pain, he treats a lot of other issues as well. If you're looking for a great acupuncturist, I highly recommend Dr. Lok.  Although he is by appointment only, I've never had to wait to get in to see him.  I call ahead and get right in.  If you're in pain please give him a try.  What do you have to lose? I understand the hesitation to try it, but don't do like I did and put it off.  He's open M-F (8am-6pm), and for 3 hours on Saturday from 9am to noon.
5	A friend had been trying to get me to try acupuncture for years (every time I mentioned that my back hurt), but I would say, "Needles? No thanks!" I was recently in Las Vegas the week of Independence Day for a poker tournament and my back was hurting so much that I was having difficulty sitting at the tables for long periods of time. I got massages for three days in a row but got only a small amount of temporary relief. I thought about going to a chiropractor, but remembered how many times my friend had tried to get me to see her acupuncturist and decided I should give it at least one try. Boy, am I glad I did! The needles are very, very fine and I only felt a small prick with a few (not even close to either a vaccination or finger stick)-- this was NOT a painful procedure. He inserted 16 of them from my neck to my ankles and then asked me to guess how many were there. I guessed 6-8. I seriously didn't even feel the others and none of them hurt. They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn't see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them. If you've ever had TINS treatments, the amount of current was far less (no muscle twitches) and felt as if someone was gently tapping my back in each spot. Then, they turned off the lights and played New Age type music while I relaxed. I don't know how long that lasted (maybe 15-20 minutes?) because I didn't have my watch on, but it was like taking a nap. After this time, they disconnected the electrodes and removed the needles. I felt very calm and a little groggy at this point. I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel. I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great! In fact, I was even able to walk from Caesar's to Bally's later to catch the free shuttle without any pain. Sure, that's not a great distance, but there is no way I could have done that prior to my acupuncture treatment. I got a second treatment the next day (my last full day in town) and when I left Las Vegas, I was pain free. Just today (about 10 days later) my lower back pain has been bothering me again (though not as severe), so tomorrow morning I will look up the local doctor whom my friend recommended. I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok! If you are in Las Vegas and have back pain, you really need to go to Dr. Lok.
5	Recently a friend recommended Dr. Lok to me after I'd been stuck with ongoing headaches. I was having very sharp pains in my skull, and lugging around a bottle of Ibuprofen wasn't cutting it. Also, taking handfuls of pills isn't a practice one wants to keep up, especially if they're not really treating the issue. So I made an appointment and went to see Dr. Lok. It was my first time getting acupuncture, but the doctor explained everything to me in a way that was really easy to understand. I told him my symptoms, and he told me about all the different nerves that were causing them, where they were located, and how they'd be treated. Dr. Lok and his staff were both professional and caring, and they made the whole process very inviting, especially for something that was new to me. Definitely an eye opener on the benefits of acupuncture and how you can easily correct many issues and avoid taking pills with lists of side effects. I've since gone back for a few more visits as recommended by the doctor (it's not an instantaneous cure), and since my last visit I've been 100% headache free. Maybe next allergy season I'll have to swing back around to see Dr. Lok.
5	I have been to a lot of acupuncturists in town and he's by far the best. I highly suggest his services.
5	Every time I goto vegas I squeeze some time in to visit Dr. Lok to get treatment that no western medicine can help me with. After a long weekend of partying I went in for cupping which helps alleviates knots in my back and helps me on the road to recovery.  Before I went to see Dr. Lok it would take 3-5 days to recover; however, after I saw Dr. Lok I have been recovering in less than 2 days.5 stars!
5	In vegas for work. Woke up this am and could not move my neck.   Hopped on yelp and found Dr Lok.   Got me in same day.  Took my pain level from a 10 to a 4.  Good relief to drive back to Orange County tonight.  Highly recommend him.
5	Life saver! I can't praise this man enough. I had visited every type of doctor under the sun for migraines. No brain tumors but yet no answers or relief. I was told I would just have to take medication daily. No thanks! I was in crisis when I went for my first visit. I left his office with great relief. I'm so happy to say he's taken my misery away and given my kids their mom back.
4	Dr Lok is a very knowlegeable and compassionate doctor. I only wish my insurance covered acupuncture so I could see him more often.
5	I've known Dr. Lok for over 15 years. He is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor. Both my mom and my dad have been seeing him for many years to help alleviate neck and joint pain. From the best my knowledge, my parents are always happy with the outcome and continue to seek him for treatment when needed. Dr. Lok is a genuine doctor who is really passionate about the work he does and is all about patient care. He will open on weekends and holidays and will see walk ins. When asked why he works so much and doesn't take vacation and holiday, he simply says he'd rather work so that he can provide comfort to his patients so that they can have a more enjoyable weekend or holiday. I work in the medical field and can honestly say that it is rare to find a doctor like that.
5	Was on the couch with a heating pad for four days, Advil every four hours, no help.  Went to Dr Lok, and after just one treatment I was walking straight without pain.  Amazing!
