3	Ishi is a cool hair salon in Marchmont, you know it's a cool salon because of it's minimal decor and the electro music playing. I visited because my usual hairdresser hadn't done my colour in quite the way I'd hoped, so I scoured my Snapfax for a cheap deal - Ishi were offering 50% off for first time student clients, bargain! The hairdresser was friendly and pleasant, and after consulting with her colleague was sure that she'd be able to fix my 'do. She proceeded to apply the colour to my hair and then left me under a heat lamp to read some magazines, unfortunately she neglected to offer me a tea or coffee (this would have been a 4 star review otherwise). The colour turned out really well and the cut was great too, however I feel like I could have been made to feel more welcome (a cup of tea goes a long way!).
4	Situated right in the heart of Marchmont, Ichi has got a prime location to appeal to students, and you can see it's trying to cater to the cooler ones. With silver's and greys and a cool Japanese themed name it's definitely trying to hit the trendy crowd. And to a certain extent it succeeds. The stylist all seem to know what they are doing and are pretty up to date on the current hairdo's. I had an idea of what I wanted when I went in but gave the stylist a certain amount of leeway and came out with a cut that surprised me - in a good way. Normally I come out of hairdressers a bit disappointed but this exceeded expectations.The people working there were all pretty cool as well and friendly. If you are on a tighter budget, as well as the 50% 1st time discount you can get 40% off with a Snapfax if you go there between 9 and half 12 in the afternoon, otherwise it's 20% off
4	I haven't actually been to the hairdressers here. Instead, Ishi was the site of my first massage, when I first started having back problems.This place is definitely aiming for the cool crowd, the sort who will spend a bit extra to get a designer haircut. Although really it's also catering to students (for whom there is a discount) so its more affordable than a lot of other hairdressers in Edinburgh. As a guy, I really have no problem admitting I have massages and enjoy them. I take them now to help my ongoing back problems, but since, I have realised just how good they are for your general health (as well as just being relaxing)At Ishi it was really pretty good. It was actually a gift from a friend, who had heard me moaning for ages about my back. As a present I got the full body massage. Only the back was medicinal but the whole thing was really nice. I felt completely comfortable (important for a massage) and at the end I felt relaxed, which at the end of the day is the aim of exercise. Although it did do wonders to ease some of my pain, massage here is definitely geared toward the recreational/relieving stress side, rather than physio, which turned out to be more what I needed. However I would still highly recommend the masseuse here, as a gift for yourself or to yours, for an easy time relaxing.
5	I've been coming to ishi for about 2 years. Love coming here as I'm adventuress with my hair and they always help me achieve a new look for me! Ive got to know all the staff-very friendly. Always a professional cut and colour I walk out with!
5	Alison has been cutting my hair for a year now, and always does a fantastic job. She really listens and makes sure that you're happy with the cut. Her customer service skills are second-to-none. I've had some dodgy haircuts in Edinburgh and I'm relieved to have found a salon and a hairdresser I can trust completely. Added to that, the price isn't too bad at all. I regularly drop in for free fringe trims and I'm always warmly received and accommodated. Well done everyone! Keep up the good work!
