4	I can't believe I'd never heard of this place before, let alone eaten here.  I work catty-corner from it, so I must have passed it before.  But anyway, since I was too lazy to make lunch this morning, one of my co-workers suggested she and I order from here.  We had a flyer lying around the office, so we figured why not?Oh boy, am I glad I tried this place!  The subs here are very reasonably priced and very tasty.  I considered getting the pastrami and swiss sub, but then I remembered how much I like the pastrami at my favorite place in Squirrel Hill.  I was afraid it wouldn't measure up.  So I played it a little safe and got a 6" Italian sub.  The sandwich was a typical ham, salami, and pepperoni with fresh veggies.  The meat didn't have that "process-y" taste that some other sub places do.But it was very tasty.They also have toasted subs, salads, and pizza here too.  The help here is very friendly and efficient.  I will definitely be back.  Maybe next time I'll even try the pastrami.
4	Time to update Fernando's Cafe here!  After having to eat soup yesterday because of an upset tummy, I wanted to have a real sammitch for lunch!  Mmmm!  Hot pastrami and Swiss cheese!  Load that baby up with onions too!  Hey, now we're talkin'!   Fernando's does have some of the best sandwiches Downtown--way better than Subway "Eat Bland" Sandwiches or Jimmy Johns!
3	I stopped at Fernando's during lunch time on a Friday.  It was bustling like many of the places downtown during lunch.  There was a line like expected, but it moved very efficiently and the people behind the counter were direct, but not in any way rude.  They ask if you want all the normal toppings in a nice way and didn't seem to mind many people not wanting different toppings.  The place was tidy and what'd you expect out of a sandwich shop.Now the food.  They have a daily lunch specials that make a sandwich a "meal" by adding a fountain drink and a bag of Herr's chips.  I ordered the Sante Fe Steak Taco wrap and allowed them to put everything on it that they normally do -- tomatoes, black olives, mild peppers, lettuce, steak, and cheese.  Next time I think I will opt for jalapenos.  The wrap was toasted, but was really soggy and did not end up looking anything like the pictured wrap, man that pictured wrap looked so toasty and delicious.  My wrap was good don't get me wrong, but I was hoping for more.  It was a good size for a good price and they throw in any dipping sauce you want, I got their house Southwestern.  I really liked what I saw from the subs coming out for other people, so I will go to Fernando's again soon and grab a sub.  Maybe I'll even update update my rating.  Again it's losing stars only for the sogginess.  Go check out Fernando's to replace your Subway or Jimmy John's sub.***Edit***Ordered the Bacon Beef and Cheddar toasted sub.  It was good, but again just not great.  I still prefer Fernando's over DiBellas, Jimmy Johns, and Subway as far as sub places downtown.  It just falls short when stacked up against other sub places.
3	Went to Fernando's on a cold rainy Monday. The rain didn't keep people away.  I'd warn the owners that there's a fine line between efficiency and rudeness, and I think the staff is over the line.  You can be efficient and friendly at the same time -- try it. Saying thanks doesn't take long Mr. Cashier. They were barking out orders like they paid our salary, instead of the other way around.I tried to order a couple roast beef items, and at 12:15p on a weekday, they are "out of roast beef" which affects multiple menu items.  I tried to order something else, and they don't have that either. Hrrmmm... seems like a trend.I finally select a Mesquite Turkey and Pepper Jack toasted sub.  I opted for the 8" which was a nice lunch sized sandwich. Not too big, not too small.  It was tasty but lacked that certain something that brings me back. Good, yes, great, probably not.Losing stars for staff and stock issues.....Food was fine.
4	I disagree with Darren. The buffalo chicken pizza was pretty good as was my macaroni salad and the Oreo cheesecake. The only thing was that it took 90 minutes to get to us. Other than that, they're a solid delivery option with a wide range.
5	Fernando's is a wonderful place to stop in for a bite to eat. The wait staff are quite friendly if you take the time to speak with them, and the food is delicious. We host monthly gatherings at the restaurant with the blessing of the owner and staff, and everyone is excited to come back month after month for another lasagna wrap or sub. I've found their gourmet pizza to be to-die-for. They changed their hours last summer to capture more business, and I think it's only helped them out. It's certainly brought myself and my friends their way more often than during AC every summer.
5	I'm upgrading my last review after my recent trip to Fernando's!The staff was efficient, but much friendlier this time, I had the foot long baked pastrami and swiss.  It was great!  There were reasonable amounts of the key ingredients, and loaded me up with vegetables.  It was $7 or $8 with mini bag of chips and a large fountain soda. I thought it was a pretty good value for the dollar.It was hot, fresh, and delicious. I was glad I went!
4	For 3 bucks a slice of pepperoni, that was a good slice of pizza. I was there at 11:30, the day after Christmas so it wasn't really crowded. But, I did like the pizza. That was the only thing I had there so I can only judge on that.People were nice, got my order up quick.If I get a chance to I'll stop by again.
1	Walked in the room was filled with smoke. The person shoved a dog food bowl into my hand and said "since you're with the con, you get this." I asked what was good they said "since you're from the con, lasagna wrap." So I ask for that and they give me something about the size of a Taco Bell bean burrito covered in dry melted cheese. The combo had a bag of chips and a soda. Soda machine was out of ice. Lasagna inside was dry.Total cost of meal w/plastic dog bowl I got f
3	It's a great please if you want something greasy - I do like the lasagne wrap. very good. If you go during the "Furry" convention - it's always a sight. And you can get lunch in a dog bowl.
4	Fernando's Cafe is an excellent place to stop in and have lunch or dinner if your looking for good pizza or hoagies.  It really doesn't look like much but in the inner city life they tend to be the best places to stop.  The pizza if a good fair price and tastes excellent.  Their sandwiches are plenty good and they are not cheap with their toppings. The daily deals are well worth stopping back for. The staff if really laid back and a good group of people.  If you're in town for a convention they are in full support of most of what cones to town.
1	By far the worst place I have been to. They were incredibly rude and cussed at my boyfriend when he was getting his sandwhich that they made wrong. Do not go here. Waste of time and money.
