5	Tory is absolutely unbelievable and is amazing.  She has helped planned a combined bachelor-bachelorette party and is still working on our wedding! You are in the best hands when you choose Tory! A+++
5	Tory just did our wedding two weekends ago and she is absolutely amazing!! We could not have done it without her! My wedding day was perfect and stress-free thanks to all her hard work. I cannot thank her enough!!
5	I don't think I could have survived without Tory! In addition to being well connected ( I think she knows everyone in the wedding industry) and having a great eye for detail, Tory is exceptionally personable and knows how to decrease stress levels. I was unusually stressed during the few days surrounding my wedding and Tory took on communicating with vendors and family, coordinating transportation and deliveries, and decor. We had a detour on the way to the wedding due to an accident and Tory was on the phone with limo drivers giving them alternate routes to our venue. Everything she did for us was above and beyond our expectations.
5	Tory L Cooper is the most personable, stress-free, reliable confidante a bride will be lucky enough to have during her wedding journey!!  When a few of my original plans fell through less than 2 weeks prior to my wedding, Tory stepped in and immediately took action.  Not only did she take action, she knew exactly who and what to recommend according to our personalities and style as a couple.  Tory has over 20+ years of experience and relationships in the wedding industry and her work ethic and personality will make you think you have found your guardian angel!  Tory works extremely hard to make sure her bride and groom will have the wedding of their dreams and works with others in the industry who will do the same, so when she recommends someone you know they will also take great care of you.  There are so many amazing things I can share with you about our wedding planning experience with Tory, not to mention how much our families love her- but I believe once you speak with her yourself you will know exactly why everyone who has worked with her has only positive, happy, and enthusiastic experiences to share!
