5	My husband Rick and I were here on Saturday Night for the John Mellencamp concert.  And how uncool is this?   Going to a concert with my parents!  Hey, both Mom and Dad are Mellencamp fans too, so we made an evening out of it.   Once again, this is more of a concert review than a review of the facility.  Look out Rolling Stone Magazine!  I'm sure most of you are familiar with Mellencamp's material, especially his 1980s stuff.  He started off as a young punk (but not a punk rocker) under the name Johnny Cougar, a name he always despised.  He had a minor hit back in the 70s, "I need a Lover" but had a breakthrough with "Hurts So Good" and "Jack and Diane".  By then he was known as John Cougar.  He hit his stride as John Cougar Mellencamp with the album "Uh-Huh" and his best known work, "Scarecrow".  He had a string of hit singles including "Authority Song", "Paper in Fire", "Lonely Old Night", and "Rain on the Scarecrow".  His last major single came in the mid-1990s, "Key West Intermezzo".  By then he dropped the "Cougar" name.If you went to this show expecting to hear those songs, well you did get some of them.  But this time out, it wasn't about the hits.  Mellencamp's show began with a documentary on the making of his new CD, the stripped-down "No Better Than This" and last year's tour he did at minor-league ballparks (Wilco did the same thing this year).  The new CD was recorded at the legendary Sun Studios.  About that documentary, I was wondering why the concert starting time was 6:30pm!When Mellencamp & Co did take the stage, they went right into "Authority Song", but if you were expecting the usual uptempo rocker, were you in for a surprise!  They did a rockabilly version of that one.  He reinvented some of his other work too--a guitar and fiddle version of "Jackie Brown" and a honky-tonk version of "Jack & Diane."  The new material got a work out too, and believe me it stands well with some of his best, even if it's a little stark.  "Save Some Time to Dream" is an amazing tune as is "The West End".Artists like John Mellencamp and John Fogerty may not sell as many CDs as they used to.  But isn't it great to hear artists who still pay attention to their crafts and who still can write good material?  Instead of others who keep slogging through the same tired old hits year after year.And I'm the first to review Heinz Hall?  S'matter, hasn't anybody ever been here before?
5	I'm embarrassed that I've been living in this city for several years now, but only visited for the first time this past weekend, to hear the Pittsburgh Symphony. But Susan's right--why aren't there more reviews of this place?Heinz Hall feels very regal with its red carpeting, marble, gold detailing, crystal chandeliers. I felt as if I should be wearing an evening gown, long white gloves, and one of those big hats, like a society woman from the Gilded Age. But for a Sunday afternoon orchestra performance, business casual attire should be fine. We sat in a middle center row on the orchestra level, and had a pretty good view. The seats were comfortable. The PSO performed a great show, and I like that they had a talk an hour before the show, and a short  performance by student musicians post-concert--both the pre- and post-concert events were free for all ticket holders. Most of the other concert attendees were elderly--where's everyone else? C'mon down, guys. Sure, Heinz Hall events can be on the pricey side, but they can be a nice special occasion treat.
5	Another gorgeous theater in the Pittsburgh Cultural District!  I just love the grandiose feel of this place.  Red velvet everywhere.  Elaborate chandeliers.  Beautiful marble staircases.  It just oozes history, glamor and class!Which is funny considering I saw a rock concert here....kinda.  My very first time at Heinz Hall was for the Ben Folds concert.  He was touring the country and being accompanied by different symphonies.  For this performance he was paired with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra (the resident symphony here at Heinz Hall).  It was an incredible show....his songs fit in perfectly with the huge symphony.  I'm not necessarily a fan of classical music but I was blown away by the whole performance.The seating in the theater is incredibly tight, as are a lot of the older theaters around town.  Just know that if you have any issues you may want to sit on an aisle.  I'm a die hard orchestra (floor) seating fan so I was a little nervous to sit in the balcony for this show.  I don't know if it was the type of show (compared to a Broadway or dance show where I literally want to see them sweat) but being elevated didn't bother me a bit.  It actually gave me a great scope of the whole venue and performance.  I'd be interested to see an actual Broadway show here (because they do share the venue with The Trust productions as well) so I'm sure if I see something come in that entices me I'll be there again!  Special Note:  They have a beautiful patio outside that they just remodeled.  If you have an event or small wedding this would be a perfect spot to have an intimate affair in the warmer months!
5	This is the home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, shortly the PSO. A lovely, simple, elegant place. Tight seating like *many* Pittsburgh performance halls.  I actually somewhat like the cozy seating because it ensures all seats are relatively close to the stage unlike those of the more spacious halls of the West Coast. Heinz Hall is not as lavish or elaborate as the Benedum Center down the street, but is still a great performance hall. It is actually surprisingly simple compared to some other halls I have been to, but simplicity leads to elegance and beauty in this place. The PSO is a great symphony. With the passionate maestro Manfred Honeck, you are more than likely to enjoy outstanding classical music performances at Heinz Hall. Anne Sophie Mutter accompanied the PSO with her violin recently in an amazing performance just recently, which I enjoyed greatly (wish she had also performed solo, though...). Having a direct view of the stage from the balcony of course helped. Both balcony and orchestra seating are very good at Heinz Hall since the hall is relatively small. I would recommend avoiding the side seats though, if you have the choice, where I sat once and occasionally did not hear the speaker very well -- this might also be due to my deteriorating hearing (regardless, avoid the side seats! ;) Heinz Hall is also home to many other shows and concerts beyond the PSO's. I remember listening to David Sedaris and Kathy Griffin here last year, which was a lot of fun (the former being slightly more fun than the latter ;) I am sure this review will be updated in the future with more shows to come as Heinz Hall continues to attract great performers and speakers while offering a cozy yet elegant atmosphere.
5	Beautiful venue that has been painstakingly cared for.  There isn't a single broken crystal, a light bulb out in the bathroom, or any threadbare carpet.  If you like late Victorian opera houses, you will love it.  I know I did.The ushers were helpful and nice.  It's clear these people really love the Hall, Pittsburgh, and their jobs.  I saw Louis CK.  I sat in the nose bleed seats and didn't mind at all.  The acoustics are great and seats were comfy.  I look forward to going to some other awesome show there in the future!
5	Really great hall to hear the Symphony. The  balcony has great acoustics as does the front of the downstairs. I don't recommend sitting underneath the balcony. I also enjoy attending the Speakers Series in the hall. Beautiful architecture, great acoustics.  One idea to consider is to eat at the Mozart Room, a restaurant connected to Heinz Hall.  It's a way to park early, eat a leisurely dinner, and then pop right into your seats.
5	Gorgeous inside! seating is viewable for anyone and the acoustics is awesome. The stage is pretty small though from what I was expecting. I'm sure they will decorate it more during seasonal concerts. Also, are there elevators? I saw some old folks having a hard time walking up a few flights of stairs. Maybe the workers can be more helpful in that area.
5	As a music venue, the interior decor - classy lighting accents, wall & ceiling decorations, etc. - are simply beautiful and add wonderfully to the overall listening experience.  View from most of the seats are good and the acoustics are just right.  Plenty of nearby public parking throughout town as well.Ironically, we prefer driving from Cleveland to see performances here in the Pittsburgh Cultural District rather than deal with the congested traffic, road conditions and construction, and cost of parking in downtown Cleveland!  Have and will continue to revisit this great hall!
5	Stunning. We have been here for two shows, most recently Celtic Woman performing with the Pittsburgh Symphony. Upon entering you feel like you're automatically transported to a time of elegance when art and music was a way of life. The atmosphere and acoustics are incomparable which makes the event experience that much better.
5	Great music. I like to be in the balcony. I will be back.
3	I hate to say it...but I don't love Heinz Hall. I would give this place 2 stars instead of 3 if it weren't for the fact that the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is amazing, and to speak badly of them might get me flogged in this city. (Plus, they really are an astounding orchestra.)Heinz Hall, as mentioned by another reviewer, does have the feeling of a grand old theater ('cause, well, it is) - chandeliers, red velvet, smooth arching domed roof...it's just stylish. It's also TINY. Heinz Hall has some of the most uncomfortable rows of seats I've ever experienced, moreso than the Benedum. My legs hurt for hours after I leave a show here. It's another classic case of beautiful old buildings not quite meeting the needs of modern day life. Then again, the acoustics are amazing (no problems here like I've experienced at the Benedum), so maybe complaining about old buildings having tiny seats is a moot point when this is a concert hall and its acoustics are flawless.Another reason I'm put off by the mention of this theater: the ushers here seem flat out mean and irresponsible, especially under pressure. Once, I heard one yelling at a young man who clearly needed some extra help (i.e. special needs). Just flat out screaming at him because he was confused and lost in the crowd. Who does that?? If there had been more time and I wasn't so stunned, I would have gotten this usher's name and reported him immediately. Another time, a usher just had my guest and I sit in the wrong seats. We had to climb over the entire row of people between us and the seats, only to have another usher tell us we had to crawl over the people all over again.Fortunately for me, the majority of the shows I want to see downtown are at the Benedum - which sure, isn't a perfect theater, but at least there the ushers have never screamed at special needs attendees, I always get to my seat on the first try, and I can feel my legs when I leave a show. I would recommend watching at least one Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra show here, because they are definitely worth it - you can decide for yourself if you want to come back for other shows after that.
5	We had our wedding here on a gorgeous Sunday morning, and I can't say enough good things. The staff did everything to make the day perfect, and they even managed to deliver perfect weather. We had our ceremony in the grand atrium area and the reception outside on the patio with the waterfall wall in the background. For such an ornate, stunning space, the rental fee was surprisingly low (and I always appreciate a good deal). All of our guests were in awe of the space- it really made Pittsburgh look good for the out of towners! Thanks, Heinz Hall!
5	Every time I go to Heinz Hall I feel like I've gone back in time. Back in time to a place where everyone dressed up to go to everything. Then I feel like a bum because I'm not wearing a tux or a suit. It's such a great place to see a show or go hear the pittsburgh symphony. The decor is amazing and you don't have to dress up though many people do. I feel it's a comfortable place to enjoy any show. If I had one complaint it would be the chairs. The rows are close together so when I sit down the knees hit the chair in front of me. I'm 6' 2" so not exactly short but people much taller than me might be uncomfortable. Even so I still love going to Heinz Hall.
4	i do like this venue a lot. it's huge, beautiful, and not a bad seat in the house.there are two simple reasons i only gave it 4 stars though. for one, they do not let up on asking for donations. you give your email address or phone number once (i specifically had given my phone number for the symphony and they called me for three weeks trying to get me to purchase season tickets!)... secondly, the layout is more confusing than i had imagined before going here. i have a rough idea where everything is now that i've seen a few shows here, but i always have to think twice about where the bathroom is or which stairway or aisle to use, even after an usher explains it to me. but i guess that comes with the size as well.
4	I took my aunt to see Megan Hilty (of TV's 'Smash', several leading Broadway roles, and 'Sean Saves the World', etc.) performed with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.Located in the center section, row EE, I was disappointed that buying the tickets in December (show in June) proved to still be far away from the stage.  I believe it was my lack of understanding the seating chart back in a last-minute holiday shopping blitz that led to the poor seating choice.  This did not take away from the powerful voice that will next be described.Hilty graced the stage after a riveting introduction by the orchestra, donned in a maroon gown (trading it in for a royal blue gem after intermission) and began singing.  She wowed the audience with songs from several Broadway shows, a few Frank Sinatra standards, and some surprises in the mix.  I was slightly confused that the entire show did not focus on Sinatra standards, which is what the program suggested through months of advertisement leading up to the show.  Nonetheless, Megan was genuinely excited to be back in what she called her "second home."  Raised in Washington State, she attended Carnegie Mellon University before heading off to New York City to begin her career.  A hard working mother-to-be, she was proudly shared (and it was gloriously clear) that she was expecting her first child later this year.A program proven to be short and sweet, it began slightly after 8 P.M. and ended just before 10 P.M.  The song choices did seem to not carry a theme or any consistency.  For instance, an overture of Diana Ross classics would be followed up with a ballad from Hilty's Broadway catalogue, and then into an orchestra-only rendition of "Mac the Knife."  I just love live music, and hearing it fill the walls of this historic venue made for a terrific night on the town.  Having released her first full-length album in 2013, it was Hilty's earth-shattering vocals that brought life back to the "all-to- soon" cancelled NBC show, 'Smash.'  A few moments, both my aunt and I agreed, the microphone volume could have been adjusted to match Hilty's powerful vocals.  Regardless, something tells me that she will continue a steady and successful career, right below the ready similar to Audra McDonald or Idina Menzel.  Of course, such comparisons might be huge shoes to fill, but this big personality definitely has the talent to fill them.
5	Loved, loved, loved the show I saw here- a beautiful venue with glass chandeliers and red velvet seats! The venue was actually a little smaller than I imagined when I got inside- more charm to the place!I had the opportunity to see the PSO perform selections from John Williams. Some even came for the preparty- there was a brass show and a costume competition for those into Star Wars and Harry Potter. There also is a bar, where you can get a drink beforehand.As for the show itself, I had a great time. I loved the humor of Lawrence Loh, who was the resident conductor. Aside from the music, which was awesome of course, his introductions of each piece (and added touches to his outfit!) really had everyone so enthusiastic about the concert. I can't wait to go back!
5	I am not sure that all of Pittsburgh knows this, but the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is one of the best in the United States. We are so lucky to have such a great symphony along with such a beautiful place. Many people even have their wedding receptions here because of how amazing and classy it looks. I have been to about 100 concerts now at Heinz Hall mainly for the classical concerts and I have never been disappointed. I will continue to go to as many concerts as I can and be spoiled by this amazing symphony.
4	As much as I'd like to award Heinz Hall 5 stars, I just can't bring myself to do it.  I visited with some friends this past Sat. for CMU night at the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra (PSO).  This was the third time that I'd seen a PSO concert here, and every time, they've been amazing.  We have a truly world-class orchestra here in PGH, so if you've never seen them perform, I'd highly recommend it.  If this review were on the PSO itself, they would definitely earn 5+ stars.I don't usually do these, but I think this review calls for a pro/con format:Pros:1.) Beautiful interior decorations: The chandeliers, columns, and domed ceilings are breathtaking.  The ivory and red color combination also screams "classy," which is perfect for a symphony venue.2.) The courtyard: If you have time during intermission or before/after the show, be sure to check out the courtyard to the right of the front entrance.  Last Sat. was the first time I'd visited it, and there's a cool water fountain and some tables to sit and relax at, if you're lucky enough to snag one.3.) The PSO: See above.  Unlike the Benedum and Byham, which are owned by the PGH Cultural Trust, the PSO owns Heinz Hall, so most of what plays here are their symphonies.  In fact, I've never personally viewed any other type of programming here--though I suppose it must exist to some extent.Cons:1.) Seat pitch: I hate to say this, but expect to be cramped and uncomfortable during the show--at least, if you're sitting on the second level balcony!  There is only about 2' of room between rows, which was barely enough for me to stuff my legs in--and I'm an average height woman!  I assume the concert hall was designed this way to maximize seating, but they missed the mark on the comfort/capacity balance.  Ladies, if there are people sitting on either side of you, I'd suggest putting your purse under your seat.  Although it's out of sight, it beats having it between your feet the entire time!EDIT: Seat pitch isn't an issue on the orchestra level, though I can't speak for the first floor balcony.  I recommend spending a bit more cash to sit on one of these levels and avoid having cramped legs the entire show.2.) Bathrooms: This may just be me, but it seems that there's less capacity in the women's bathrooms than there is in the Benedum, which makes for longer lines during intermission.  If you need to use them at this time, I strongly suggest sneaking out when everyone's still applauding to skip the line!Between the excellence of the PSO and the stunning beauty of the interior, I agree that the strengths of Heinz Hall far outweigh its weaknesses, but being cramped and uncomfortable during concerts detracts from the experience, sadly.  I'd highly recommend paying a visit if you enjoy classical music--or if you're a visitor to town and the PSO is playing.  4.5 stars.
4	Heinz Hall is the most elaborate of the stage theaters in Pittsburgh. Once known as the Lowes Penn it was renovated years ago into the home of the Pittsburgh symphony orchestra.Outside there is a waterfall and fountain sculpture with tables and chairs where on a nice day you can enjoy the sunshine while you are within their gates. It had been my understanding that this theater can be rented for special occasions when not in use since they have beautiful staircases and foyers. I am not sure if they still do this today but it does make for an incredible experience.My girlfriend and I were here to see a show on the Broadway series called the "Book of Mormon". Normally the Broadway series productions are held in the next door theater called the Benedum Center but this one was playing here. The show was very good however, there were two things we noticed which is the reason for my rating.First, the program did not have a synopsis of scenes which made following the musical a bit difficult. Second, the acoustics weren't the greatest so we had trouble making out some of the lyrics.Please note the Book of Mormon has explicit content and may not be appropriate for all age groups.Heinz Hall does have other nice events they offer during the season. It is definitely worth the visit.
5	I love this theater. Great comfortable seats, music sounds phenomenal!! I recently purchased a subscription for the grand classics and we chose several of the shows that we were interested in. Our seats out in the dress circle which is high up but looks right over the stage so we have a clear view of the performers. They offer a small concession of mostly alcohol but they have party rooms and a great entrance where they often have artist signings and decorate according to the holidays. Me and my husband took a picture in front of their grand christmas tree which looks about 15ft tall. It's very beautiful and clean.The only downside is that I can't clap after each song the orchestra performs. I think they deserve a clap after each pause in a song..
5	Amazing venue on all counts.Parking:  We parked in a garage across the street from Heinz Hall.  Short walk and 8.00 for event parking.  Such a short walk that high-heels are quite doable.Beauty:  Its beauty can't be disputed. It's amazing, no doubt about it.Seating:  We sat in the orchestra section, 19 rows from the stage, right in the center.  No complaints at all.  I had sufficient leg room (unlike the Benedum upper level seating which was the most cramped I've ever had anywhere hands down).  And there were no heads in my way to see the action on stage.Performance:  The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra was magnificent, as was the Mendelssohn Choir the night we attended.  I'm approximating there were 75 choir members on stage along with close to 100 orchestra members.  I could be wrong on the numbers but let's just say there were a significant number of people and instruments on stage.  The performance and sound were superb.Refreshments:  There was a bar and you are allowed to take into the theater bottled water.  Yes, the cost was high at 4.00 a bottle.Coat check:  There is a coat check provided for a 1.00 fee which is reasonable.Ladies' restroom:  I found it to be fast-moving and having sufficient number of stalls to accommodate all of us women in line with time to spare during intermission.  Plus, it was very clean.Staff:  All were very polite, courteous, and efficient from the ticket takers to the ushers to some regal looking gentleman in the lobby who helped me find which door to enter for my seats and again, at the end, to deal with a lost-and-found item.  He offered to take left-behind sunglasses to the lost-and-found for me.  A very generous man.
5	I love it when I theater is set up in a way where the person in front of you does not crowd your view.  This theater is one of them and the seats are comfortable to boot.  The acoustics are wonderful and lighting is beautiful.  Staff was very helpful in finding your seat fast.The venue is stunningly beautiful and although not a very old theater, the way it is richly decorated gives you a feel of "old time", high class Broadway.There is a lot of parking nearby, prices vary and a lot of places within walking distance to get a bite or a drink.
