4	I've been craving for a really good cheesesteak ever since I watched Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay: Cheesesteak a few days ago (on DVR).  I thought it a perfect time to visit friend Anthony Duca's baby, Daddy Duke's in Avondale.  (Truth be told, I've promised Anthony I'd try his family's cooking years ago when his son-in-law used to own the Philadelphia Sandwich Co. in Old Town Scottsdale.  Anthony himself used to own and run Mancini's in Phoenix before selling it and opening DD.  This is the first time I was able to live up to my promise.)  I walked into the clean, uncluttered restaurant around 4:45p.  I was surprised to see Tony there, along with his wife Mary and Tony's father, who is visiting from New Jersey.  I instantly felt at home in this space that could easily fit 100+ patrons.  As to why, I really cannot say.  The look and the vibe just took me back to the days of family dining in CA and all of the eastern states I lived in.  My server was friendly and helpful as I tried to get a few food issues cleared away.  I already knew I'd order cheesesteak, but I also wanted to try the sweet potato fries here.  [I needed to find out if they were of the same version sold at the PSC, bec. I did not like the ones I tried there.  When Mary said that DD serves pancake syrup with their fries here, I knew to stay away (PSC serves its fries w/ syrup, too.)]  I was also torn between silencing my cheesesteak craving or ordering the special this evening, which was penne with prosciutto and peas with a garlic butter sauce.  In the end, I wished I'd tried the pasta.  The 10' cheesesteak I chose was steak, provolone, and grilled onions in a roll.  The bread had a nice crust on the outside and was soft on the inside.  Since I'm a fan of crusty bread, I'll have to ask them to carve out some of the soft bread next time, since it really was too much bread for me.  The meat and the fried onions were good, but the cheese was lacking, and when Mary asked me if I was enjoying the sandwich, I told her it was just "ok" since it needed more cheese.  As I opened up the other half of the roll to show her, she asked "Well, where's the cheese?"  She immediately corrected the oversight, and the sandwich was a little tastier after that.  I wasn't going to order anything for dessert since I'd planned to go to Angel Sweet in Chandler for some gelato, but the dessert sign on the table exclaimed "Cannoli, Pumpkin roll, Cheesecake, Eat me!," so I had asked if the cannolis and the pumpkin roll contained **.  The baker reported yes on both, but no allergens in the pumpkin cheesecake.  "Oh, alright, I'll have the pumpkin cheesecake."  Am I glad I did, for this was the highlight of the meal!  If you're a pumpkin cheesecake lover, you must try DD's version.  You won't be sorry!So three stars only for the cheesesteak and the overall service- clean, uncluttered space; clean restroom; and inviting atmosphere.  My original server had to leave early, and my other server didn't come to check as often as the first; otherwise, I may have rated an extra star for the service alone (it irked me a little that, after fruitlessly waiting for my server to pick up my check and credit card, I had to walk over to the register to pay for my meal myself- don't know if this is standard practice here).  The extra star was for the awesome cheesecake- the pumpkin and cream cheese filling was so light and tasted exquisite with the graham cracker crust.  The light dusting of cinnamon was just perfect!  I'd drive 17 miles one-way just to eat another slice.BTW, plan on visiting for dinner around the same time (5'ish), as the parking lot started to fill up by the time I left (around 5:30p).p.s.  I will have to try the sweet potato fries next time I visit DD's.  I think weeks' old oil may have been the culprit at PSC (dirty-looking, soggy fries tasted very greasy- inedible, I thought).
4	It's been almost five months since my first visit, and I thought it's about time I gave Daddy Duke's a second chance.  I called in my order at around 2:15p of Penne Romagno ($9.95) for dine-in since I hadn't had anything to eat since 11p the night before.  I arrived at DD's around 2:25 only to find that the cook had waited until my arrival to start on the dish- I spotted him cutting up the peppers and prosciutto and adding them to the pan.  The pasta was delivered to my table about ten minutes later.  I decided to try their sweet potato fries ($4.50), extra crispy, without the pancake syrup it normally is served with.  I loved the penne dish!  Mind you, it didn't look as appetizing as it could have; I thought that the glistening prosciutto looked half-cooked.  One bite took care of that suspicion- it was delicious!  The feta cheese (some crumbled, some still sporting shape of the container it was shaped in) and roasted red peppers dressed the dish up a bit.  The SPF looked great, but wasn't as crispy as it looked, so in they went for a second frying.  Needless to say, they didn't look as delectable when they were brought back, but at least they were of the texture I was looking for.I also tried their two-pizza slice and soda lunch special ($5, add. topping $0.50 each), with ricotta and roasted red peppers.  I did ask if they used corn in their pizza and was told no.  Not even on the bottom to make the pizzas slide easier out of the oven.  I don't know how I forgot to ask if they served thin-crust since it is my preferred choice, but I did, and sure enough, the slices that were brought to my table were more doughy than I cared for.  I thought perhaps the wider edge fo the pizza crust would at least deliver the crispiness I was looking for, but the crunch factor disappeared, no exaggeration, within two minutes or less from time of arrival.  The ricotta looked fantastic, and while the red peppers looked OK, they weren't roasted.  The marinara sauce used was good.  DD's now serves Berto's gelato desserts (triangular wedges of differing flavors, including chocolate hazelnut, cappucino crunch, white princess, and spumoni)!  Cheesecake flavors come in plain, strawberry- or raspberry topped, and oreo.  A server told me they're trying to convince management/pastry chef into baking a peanut butter cheesecake.  Sounds like a great plan to me!Don't recall seeing a water fountain indoors during my first visit, but there certainly is one now.  The stuffed Easter bunnies adorning the feature (they've also invaded the women's restroom!) do not lend the restaurant a classy look, although I think it's a more casual atmosphere the owners are trying to achieve here.  Finding another way to advertise Sunday breakfasts and other specials, currently achieved by posting copy paper over the green window shutters and any wall space available, would do wonders for the ambience.  Seriously, the signs posted on the entrance door, on the register counter, and those propped on the dining tables are sufficient!
3	We have driven by Daddy Dukes for months now and always say we need to try it.  Well, we finally did.  We went there about 8:30 pm and were the only customers there until about 9ish.  We were going to order a couple of their sandwiches but changed our minds when we saw the meat lovers stromboli on the menu.  We asked about the size and the server told us they used 18" pizza pie dough to make.  Well, we placed our order and it took about 10 minutes.  When it finally was delivered to the table, we were pleasantly surpised by the size of the stromboli.When we order this item at other places, we opt to leave out the ground beef.  Well, we forgot this time but that didn't matter.  The taste was great.  All the meat flavors melded well together, nothing overpowered the others and the ground beef didn't have that too beefy taste.  The only thing we might suggest is just a little more cheese.  Not too much though.  I ordered a side of marinara sauce for dipping and that had good flavor too.  We will definitely go back for another visit.  Next time probably on a Tuesday for Jumbo wings,  when they're .39 each and we'll try a couple of their sides to see how they rate there.
1	this is great pizza at a great value!!  great flavor wings are fantastic and the feta dressing is like no other!!  you wont be disappointedIve been going for sometime now and keep giving them 'another' chance......service is  still very good....pizza has gone down hill....prices have gone up- I understand that  bad economy everyone had to survive....but smaller pizza even though they deny it....it used to be bigger   less cheese  less everything  very disappointed  when something is soooo good  why does it have to go badddd?
4	As a visitor, I was looking for some place for my wife to carbo-load the night before the Rock n Roll Arizona Marathon.  I was unfamiliar with the area, but staying a a local hotel in Goodyear. I wanted to avoid chain Italian restaurants, and Urbanspoon was being of little help.  Finally, I Yelped and found this little place 3 blocks from the hotel.We were treated to a small family-friendly atmosphere.  Though the server/Boss(?) was a little on the over-friendly side (shy northwesterners, not used to so much interaction!) it was very nice that they had bins of toys for our child to choose from as entertainment while waited for our order to arrive.The special of the night was cheese rigatoni with red pepper-alfredo sauce.  This was absolutely fantastic, and far better quality than you can find at any chain.  It was served with fresh bread which quite nicely served the purpose of sopping up the remaining sauce after the pasta was consumed.Although tortellini is not normally on the Kids' menu, they were more than happy to prepare a kid's sized portion of tortellini with marinara for my son.The daily lunch specials looked interesting, although the limited length of our stay precluded us from trying these out.The next time we visit Phoenix, Daddy Duke's is definitely on our list of meals out!
2	I had the Italian Hoagie and even though the sandwich was a huge portion, I was just not happy with it. It  was way too dry and would have probably tasted much better if it had been toasted. They do have good prices and may be a good place to have an affordable meal.
4	I absolutely love this place.  My first time there we had the all you can eat fish and shimp on Friday night!  it was awesome!  The fish was crispy and warm as was the shrimp.  We have ordered for delivery a couple of times, and had the Cheesesteak, Chicken cheesesteak and wings and fries, all are awesome!  We went dined in another time and had fried zuchinni, salad and clam chowder.  Each time we have ordered or eaten there, the food has been exceptional!  This little hidden restaurant is awesome.  Everyone needs to to try it.
4	I have been to Daddy Duke probably 50 times in the last year and have always gotten great food.  The friday night all you can eat fish and shrimp special is fantastic.  I have had many of the other dishes as well as their pizza's and all was delicious.  Once in a while we get a certain waiter who has trouble remembering what people orderd, but overall I would recommend this eatery to anyone who loves good food and reasonable prices.  You won't leave hungry, I will promise you that.
5	The best pizza in Avondale/Goodyear, bar none. They occasionally go overboard on toppings, but who is complaining?  The Greek and Fat Hawaiian specialty pizzas are great. The wings are good, too. Try the 9-1-1 wings if you like heat. The service is generally attentive. Rob is the best wait person.  PBR bottle specials are a plus.
4	My wife enjoys the Chicken Parmesan.  I've tried a couple of different fings last time there i got some kine of  Stromboli pretty tasty. pizza and wings are pretty good too.  The atmosphere is homey non commercial.  We've had the same server every time there, friendly guy. i like this place. oh yeah the cannoli was amazing.
3	Pizza was very good. i had the 9-11 wings and they were incredibly flavorful. we got a free funnel cakes because of a check in offer they had with yelp so that was cool. they hadnt renewed their liqour license so there was no alchohol available. after we left my wife told me she had found a hair on her slice of pizza. unfortunate. ill prob be back to try the hotwing challenge. def 4 star worthy if it wasnt for the hair.
5	Very friendly waiter, clean and the food was great.
4	When I first walked into Daddy Dukes it was before St. Patrick's Day and they had the place decked out in shamrocks and lots of green.  I wasn't sure about how quality food could be with a Christmas tree decorated in everything Irish and was quite skeptical. BUT my fears were put to rest when not only did they serve Coke products (a big must with my family), but their pizza and antipasto were delicious!  Giant pizzas that could easily have fed more than the 6 of us that were there!  We go two to share between all of us and we got to take some home, and it was a tasty treat the next morning for breakfast (cold, as left over pizza should be in my opinion). My parents, my fiance's dad and his fiance, and my fiance and I enjoyed the place so much we decided to have our rehearsal dinner there!  And they went above and beyond to make sure the party was delightful!  During the first weekend of 2012 to hit 100 degrees (thank you Phoenix) we enjoyed pizza, salad, and wings.  (I don't personally like wings, but most everyone in the group was covered in sauce and going back for more, so they must have been good!) I look forward to going back to try other dishes they have to offer, but can safely say their pizza is delectable!
5	Absolutely love this place from day one. Every item on the menu I have tried has been great. Never disappointed.
3	Ordered a cheese steak sandwich with grilled onions and Cheese Wiz(sp?) and it was pretty good. Also was a big sandwich which was nice. Also got a plain cheese pizza and it was just alright. Something about the sauce is a bit of a turnoff but otherwise it wasn't disappointing. Not sure if I'll be back for the pizza, but I'll definitely go back for the sandwiches.
5	Was invited to try a new idea appetizer tonight and it was full of flavor and absolutely great. It was a nacho cheesy fried roll and absolutely yummy. I had the Stromboli (the Momma Meat lovers) tonight and couldn't be happier. It was rich and flavorful. I love this place. It is always welcoming and pleasant. I always have two thumbs up for Daddy Dukes.
4	If you are craving that slice of greasy pizza that has flavor and a pretty decent crust, then this is the place for you.  Not to mention, their pizzas are HUGE! It was one of those days where I just wanted pizza.  Not just any old pizza (delivery or Digiornos (sp?)), but a good slice of plain ol' PEPPERONI pizza! This place did not disappoint.  The pepperoni was tasty, plentiful, and a bit spicy, the crust was YUMMY and thin, I'm not a fan of deep dish or thick crusted pizzas.  Also, their wings are pretty tasty too and they don't come from the anorexic chickens that another establishment (Native something or other) makes their wings from.  They  have good flavor and a bit of a bite if you order the hot.  From what I could see, they also have a pretty serious competition going on to see who can survive their spiciest flavor! I guess you get them free and even earn a shirt! I had been to Daddy Duke's before and had one of their many pasta dishes which was delicious as well.  The staff (I think they are all family) are very friendly and helpful.  My one and only criticism of this place is one of their desserts.  We got an order of "Daddy Duke's Fun Cakes" for free for checking in on Yelp...and they weren't that fun.  It's pretty much just pizza dough drowning in powdered sugar.  That however, will not keep me from coming back! The prices are reasonable and the food is flavorful!
2	So I call at 430 in the afternoon on a Sunday (when according to there hours, they should still be open) and ask to make an order for delivery.  The woman who answered the phone proceeds to tell me 'I'm sorry we are swamped on orders, we cant do that" okay..... your sign out front says in big letters DELIVERY... so I then ask, well can I do an order for pick up instead, and she then tells me "No, we are closed"  If the pizza wasn't so good, I wouldn't order here again, that kind of customer service and business ethic is unacceptable.
