4	Got some of theirs Sushis delivered, very nice over the phone and excellent product delivered.
4	I just happened to grab a quick bite here with a girlfriend and honestly, I'm glad we stopped by. The sushi was SUPER fresh, the prices were VERY reasonable and everything was very tasty. I would go back in a heart beat!
1	There is a huge customer service PROBLEM happening at this restaurant, but I decided to overlook this the last time I frequented Wasabi. I should preface this review with the fact that my entire office, which is approximately 300 people, had sworn off ordering from this restaurant about six months ago for this very reason. I ordered two small meals for my partner and I this evening, and upon discovering after I had picked it up and biked home that it was not the correct order I was asked very abruptly if I was just mistaken and didn't just want to keep what I had gotten. Mistake #1: Don't assume your customers are idiots. So, I decided to bring back my order to show her exactly what I was missing. After she realized that she put in the wrong order, she added up the difference and insisted I pay the extra $1.50. Which was fine with me and I happily paid the extra. Mistake #2 Then she removed the wrong rolls from my box and sent me away for the second time with a wrong order. Bottom line: If this was Tim Horton's a couple mistakes wouldn't matter as much, but for such a consistently expensive, average quality product, I expect more as far as customer service is concerned. They've lost a customer in my office, my partner, myself, and surely everyone we know.
4	I have ordered delivery a few times recently, always the same - combo D. It's always good. I always get nice pieces of salmon, tuna, and shrimp which is a good start. There's one roll in that combo that I find uninspired though - lots of tempura, not much of anything substantial. 3.5 stars rounded up. Enjoy.
4	I'm a big lover of sushi and I've tried a couple of place around that i can get delivery from and this is the best. I ordered there three time already and I've never been disappointed. I received my meal quickly, and they never got anything wrong and there's plenty of soy sauce and ginger.Now the sashimi are a nice size and really fresh, same for nigiri. Theirs maki are also fresh and they've got a nice variety of speciality item. The miso soup is good too.Overall I love this place and I'll order from there again!!
4	So I've been here to eat a couple of times, and both experiences were generally positive. Service is very prompt and efficient, food is always super fresh and delicious, and there's a good variety of things to choose from. It's a bit expensive in my opinion, but the food is really good so it's worth a small splurge every once in a while!
1	It was my first visit, sometime in the late evening, me and my boyfriend wanted to get take-out. They were not ready to make certain sushi we were ordering from the menu so we were limited to what was already made by the chef: Understandable. Maybe it was near closing time, and remaking certain items may be a hassle (but on the contrary, why are you running a restaurant?) Then, as we are waiting for our take out, I grab two chopsticks from the reception (one for me and one for my boyfriend). The lady bring us our take out in a plastic bag and the moment she sees that I am carrying two chopsticks in my hand, she reaches down to the plastic bag, and removes the two chopsticks she had initially put, then she grabs the chopsticks from my hand, and throws it back into the bag. Really? What if I had friends waiting at home to share the sushi with me? It was two boxes of sushi that could be shared afterall. I had to "request" for extra chopsticks after being denied my order from the menu YOU had provided? What harm would have done if she had kept the chopsticks she had initially put in the plastic bag instead of making me feel like chopsticks were a rare commodity. I'm sorry but a little customer service goes a long way in the hospitality business. However, the sushi wasn't bad even though it wasn't the ones of our initial choice. Next time I visit, I'll make sure I visit at a time where you will make the sushi I order and keep in mind how scarce chopsticks are. IF there is a next time.
