4	Scotland's Seafood Restaurant of the Year for 2012, Cafe Fish is a very smart seafood restaurant in Stockbridge. At lunch it serves a seafood-infused tapas menu, with a more standard a la carte in the evening. It also opens for Sunday lunch, so definitely merits more than one visit. Our visit was on Saturday lunchtime, and we found the tapas to be very good.Overall, we said: "we were both really impressed by Cafe Fish. It served us very good dishes, in stylish surroundings with welcoming service. We spent an enjoyable, relaxed afternoon, taking around four hours to get through everything, set the world to rights, and dine in considerable style. I'll be back for an evening visit, soon, as I'm keen to see how their a la carte compares."
5	After our visit for lunch, last year, I did say that we'd come back to try the evening menu. I'm really glad that we did, as it was absolutely tremendous! Their starter of salmon and scallop sashimi was one of the best dishes I've sampled in all quests. We were a fairly demanding table; the service was excellent, throughout. A really enjoyable evening was had by all.Overall, we said: "Cafe Fish was an absolute winner. The evening service was as good as the lunchtime and then some. The excellence of the seafood with which we were presented was incredibly impressive. I would urge you to pay it a visit, very soon."
4	Cafe Fish is the perfect place for seafood lovers. Set in a lovely, opulent Georgian building it's greatest asset is it's food. Which comes in quite handy when running a restaurant.There's only one niggle I have, and i'll get that out of the way first. And bear in mind this was ordering from the Lunch menu. The cost. Eating at a seafood restaurant is an expensive business anywhere these days, but the drinks are pricey and you can't help but feel the portions are a little disappointing.The menu changes almost daily, depending on produce. Not only a mark of a great eaterie but also it's kitchen. Ingredients are always fresh and dishes well executed and reassuringly prepared in view of the restaurant. Waiting staff are also very friendly, attentive and know their menus.As I said, the menu often changes but always offers a fantastic variety of fish and shellfish cooked numerous ways and always to perfection.I have been numerous times before and will  continue to return because the seafood is some of the best in the country and the service is faultless.
