5	I needed to send flowers for a family who lost a loved one and was hoping for a 24 hour turn around so that I caught the family before they had to leave town for the funeral.Boy did Cactus Flowers STEP IT UP. Amazing!! They got the flowers together for me the same day and got it to them this afternoon!Bravo Cactus Flowers. Here is what the family said. "Thank you soooo much for the beautiful flowers..that is so very thoughtful of you.  My whole family appreciates you so much. It brought a smile to everyone's face.. Thank you for being one of the angels out there..."Thank you Cactus Flowers for being my one and only flower shop I ever use moving forward.
5	I realized I hadn't ordered flowers for my mom's birthday the morning of- oops!  I knew I loved Cactus Flowers arrangements since I had used them before, but thought I might be able to get a better deal through 1-800 Flowers.  I actually started an order with both on-line and loved the arrangement I picked from Cactus and it was less expensive (after fees) than the other...so I was very pleased!  I was even more happy when I my mom sent a picture of the flowers before noon that same day.  Not only did they get the order to her a lot fast than I anticipated but they looked like what I expected and hoped they would.
5	I called from out of state on a Friday afternoon to send get well flowers to a relative in Chandler.  The beautiful arrangement was delivered the following Saturday morning before noon!. Excellent service!  I would highly recommend Cactus Flower.
1	very disappointed. I ordered flowers for my boyfriend who has been in the hospital for a week and was having surgery today. I ordered the flowers yesterday and paid extra money to have them be delivered before noon... Of course I did that on purpose so he would get them before surgery...NOT only did they come 5 hours late they came while he was in surgery and while I was in his room waiting for him.  Thanks for ruining the surprise and the whole purpose and the flowers look like they are days old and won't last long ...
