5	This is a new upstart cafe on St. Denis. Love the fact that their going after artisan coffees that aren't offered anywhere else in Montreal(according to owner Jesse Lewin). They're bringing in locally baked goods, bike rack on the wall plus for the more adventurous - laundry mat at the back. Solid Barista skills - former barista from Cafe Edgar.
5	I tried a lot of coffees in Montreal and this by far the best I've found ! I love going there and have a chat with Jesse while he's making my coffee. Try the Gibraltar, it's really good !
5	This place can easily be in top 5 if they continue to do what they're doing right now. Amazing coffee and friendly staff. Pikolo, Myriade, Humble Lion, Odessa, Dispatch have a new competition. If you are anywhere near the Sherbrooke metro station or Square St-Louis, drop by and get your coffee fix.------Edit: This place without any doubt offers the best coffee in Montreal right now! They have the beans nobody else offers.
5	Just opened, really solid cafe with a great offering of coffees you can't find anywhere else in the city. Really friendly owner who actually takes the time to talk with you.Great place to get your coffee fix and break out of the robotic and unappreciative coffee shops around the city
5	Perfect coffee. Try the Gibraltar, is really good. Jesse is "un amoreux" of coffee so he explains you everything about it. Plus he really searches for the perfect coffee. The place is cool for work and the ambiance is super tranquile.
5	I'm not a coffee expert (I have maybe two cups a month) but I was impressed with this place. The aforementioned Jesse is very good at what he does, and he is very kind about sharing his knowledge of all things coffee. Like I said, I don't know anything about coffee, but if I don't have to add sugar to it because it tastes great as it is - I definitely will try other things on the menu. Incidentally, there's a laundromat connected to this place. Jesse's not in charge of it, but he will gladly give you change if you need it. Machines are brand new, decor is kitschy fun. So if you have to do the wash, grab a magazine to read and a coffee - it's a nice way to spend the morning.
