1	What a hassle in every way. Had to make four trips to have a small cyst removed. The first trip was a consultation the second a procedure and stitches. After it healed the cyst was not entirely removed and lumpy. I called to see if I could come back and have it fixed since the PA didn't use a large enough punch to remove it. They made me come in for ANOTHER consult and a 4th trip for the rest of the removal. Each time is $50. Don't understand why I had a pay for another two appointments on someone's mistake. To top it off they billed my old insurance from ten years ago and we're incredibly rude about helping me straighten it out. Jessica in billing told me they don't return calls and they are too busy before she yelled at me for my attitude. Maria the supervisor was more polite but never followed up. I solved my own problems by calling their Labs directly and handling the issue myself. Four appointments for a benign skittle sized for cyst and a bunch of attitude. I'd skip this joint.
1	Referred to this place by primary Dr. and went on a Wed. for appointment.  The P.A. I saw was nice and scripted two medications to get.   I was told if I have any trouble getting any of the meds to give them a call and they would either give me a different one or get the problem solved.  Now a week later and several un-returned phone messages I still do not have the medication and can not talk to a single person about getting the medication.  I will be cancelling my follow up appointment if I can talk to a live person.
2	Well ,let me start by saying, I had no problem getting an appointment. I've Been here twice, neither one was with Dr. Woodson My husband once, not with Woodson either.My first visit was with Nick. Great guy. He was very pleasant and obviously knew I was desperate for help & had no insurance because he went to great lengths to give me samples and coupon codes. I went in with a bad rash all over my face and was immediately deemed staff infected. There was no culture done, but a prescription for ointments and antibiotics was written and 130 dollars later I was hopeful. A week later, I cancelled my follow up appt two days before the set date because my face was looking cleared up and I did not have another 130 to spare on a quick peek at my progress. Well, 2 days later after all the ointments and meds ran out, there it was, back again, but worse! I quickly made an appt for the next day and this time saw a young woman Dr. She spent about one minute asking what I did for a living (for staff infection related purposes I suppose) and left the room. I wasn't feelin the love, AT ALL!  A nurse gave me some samples and I was written a new prescription for even stronger antibiotics.So another 130 dollars later & still annoyed no culture was even offered and no questions about my daily facewash routine or anything came up, I paid and hoped for the best. After 2 weeks of very strong meds and new cream samples my face was looking great. Then guess what? 2 days later my face was again flared up. I decided after the lack of attention to detail I had experienced, I was not about to give them another dime.I had an allergy test done and it turns out there is a chemical in all my cleaners (face wash, shampoo, laundry detergent, make up,hand soap & body wash) that I have been re acting to on and off on all parts of my body over the past 10 years. Im surprised a DERMATOLOGIST doesn't immediately discuss this chemical (which by the way is banned in the UK & Canada) with their patients. Its so simple.  Sad Dr.s today aren't educated on the toxins in our everyday toiletries .If anyone else is having an unexplained rash/ itchy hive type issues. Don't let a dermatologist rob you blind before you do research on a chemical called "Methylisothiazolinone". Google it.  Theres also a Facebook page for sufferers of this and its sister chemicals to get support!  copy and paste this link on Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Allergy-to-Isothiazolinone-Methylisothiazolinone-and-Chloroisothiazolinone/307128722674171
4	I'm surprised at the negative reviews here.   My experience with Dr. Woodson and his staff has been so positive thus far.Dr. Woodson was very kind, patient, informative.  He spent a lot of time with me discussing different issues I have with my skin.  I never felt rushed or not listened to. He also paid attention to the fact that I am on a super tight budget and my insurance doesn't cover a lot.  I appreciated that.  His staff has always been very friendly, professional, and informative.  Calls returned promptly. Issues resolved.I'm sorry others here had negative experiences.  And I know what thats like.  It took me forever to find a good primary care physician in Las Vegas, due to the shortage of qualified doctors in the area.
