3	With so many bog boxes springing up all over Surprise it's a wonder why there is only one electronics store. At least out of the big ones they best one went in. I like Best Buy because they leave you the hell alone while you shop and will assist when and only when you need it. Decent prices and good selection.
2	Yeah, Alexander is right...they do leave you alone. That's the good part. The bad part comes when you actually want some advice. For the most part they are clueless. What really gets me is how hard they push the extended warranties. I know that it's a big revenue stream for them but it really boarders on criminal how they take advantage of people. Oh well, buyer beware I suppose :-)
3	My biggest challenge with Best Buy is their pushing of extended warranties on the customer.  I hate being sold on buying a warranty on a rapid devalued piece of electronics technology.  I mean cmon people...Anyways, service here ranges from great to lackluster depending on day, temperature, season, and price of chickens in China.Oh wow, just realized while typing this review that Steve W has said EXACTLY the same thing.  I swear I am not being a copycat...in fact it makes me realize that this location must be pushing harder than necessary on the extended warranties.
4	Best Buy has always been one of my favorite place to go. I usually already know what I want before I arrive. So I never had a issue of needing service. But if I did! Then I would find someone to ask!!! I have always believed that electronics are over priced, so I wish they can lower some of their items a little more! Overall this is a good place to go!!
1	Horrible location if you want to get any type of customer service at all or if you've ordered an item on line for in store pick up and expect the item to be there. You are much better off making the longer drive and visiting the location down by Arrowhead Mall on Bell road. I've gone in there on a couple of occasions, once to buy a TV and once to buy a new cell phone. The first time with the TV it took me forever to find a rep to assist me as I had questions. When I did finally get one he seemed completely disinterested in actually answering any of our questions. He stood there with his arms crossed and would answer with one syllable words. We actually got to the point where we told him he was rude and ignorant as to his products just walked away from him and left the store. We spent our 800.00 at Sam's club instead. The next time we were ready for an upgrade on our cell phone but had some questions. We spent 15 minutes in the cell phone area and NO ONE came to offer us assistance. We left and once again got our cell phone at Sam's club.We also purchase things quite often on line and pick them up at the store. We use the Arrowhead Mall location based on our above mentioned experiences. One Sunday we did not feel like driving all the way over there so we used this location because it is literally a half mile from our house. HORRIBLE!!! We waited 6 hours for the stupid confirmation email after getting the initial email telling us the order should be ready in about an hour. We finally go to the store. They can see the order on line but stated they hadn't received the email yet. They pull the products for us but didn't scan them in so when we gave the pay as you go phone that was ordered to a friend of ours the phone showed up as not paid for. I cannot tell you how livid I was. We had to go back to the store with the phone and the receipt and get another phone. Not even an apology for us having to make a return trip and looking like fools to our friends could be offered to us. I cannot stress enough how bad the customer service is there. It could serve as a how to guide on how NOT to do things.
5	We were in Best Buy today needing help from the Geek Squad. We found them to be efficient & best of all they didn't charge for the diagnostics!!
4	I want to thank Janne Maloney at Best Buy Mobile for her great attitude and professional customer service. We've made several purchases at Best Buy in the past couple months and had positive experiences each time. Janne had a very busy day but still had a smile on her face as she helped me get a mobile hot spot set up. Wow, how nice is it to have a positive experience when spending cash!? Thanks.
1	Poor management, Darrin, the store manager obviously has little management skills and cares little about repeat customers. Hires incompetent managers that treat customers very poorly and allows extremely long lines. Managers that don't even train employees in basic customer service skills. Can walk through the store on Saturday and not be acknowledged at all.
1	Stood in line 20 minutes as the cashier tried to sell the customer in front of me a protection plan she didn't want! Screw the upsell deal with your waiting customers 1st
2	This place is good if you need something fast. I like to order off amazon but I come here to scope out something I might want. I like to shop the video games and workout video section. My biggest gripe is that they try to hustle you for some garbage warranties and protection plans. That's why I order online and will continue to do so.
2	I received a ten dollar gift card to Best Buy recently (as much as I am thankful to receive a gift, $10 won't get you much at an electronics store!).  In any case, I figured I might be able to pick up at least one little item for that price.  When I arrived at the store today (12/12/12) around 1:00 PM, I looked around and found a female employee (whom I cannot describe other than she was wearing a tan cardigan on top of her store uniform).  When I explained the little predicament I was in (looking for ANYTHING under ten bucks that I might buy), she looked a bit annoyed, and suggested I buy candy (perhaps she thought I had been given a ten dollar Visa or American Express gift card and I should take the card elsewhere to buy said candy...but then, why would I be so foolish as to go to an electronics store with a $10 gift card that I could take anywhere? Or maybe Best  Buy actually does sell candy...I don't know).  In any case, after I awkwardly laughed at her suggestion to buy candy, I reiterated my problem, and she walked me over to the DVD section, where there are at least a few cheap DVDs.  She indicated that some were $9.99.  I stated, "That's good, except with tax, it will be over ten dollars," to which she responded: "Well, yeah."  Apart from the fact that I wasn't asking for something I could buy with the gift card PLUS additional money, her sarcasm was, yet again, off-putting.  She kept stating that most stuff in the store falls above the ten dollar threshold, and because of the "I'm so done with this customer, get me out of here!" vibe that radiated from her being, I thanked her with a smile, and indicated I could take things from there.  I found an area for DVDs on clearance for a price of $3.99, that she did not even bother to bring me to for some reason, but frankly, I either had most of the movies, or they didn't appeal to me, so I didn't end up buying anything today.  But the employee at the door, a young man, said "Thanks for coming in today," to the elderly gentleman about fifteen feet ahead of me leaving the store.  When I got to the door, however, the aforementioned door attendant gave me a hollow, almost annoyed glance, and looked back into the store, not uttering one word of thanks to me.  Now, I don't normally care that much whether an employee says goodbye to me or not...but when I witness it occurring to another customer right ahead of me, of course I'm going to note the lack of politeness when no such kindness is extended to me....what am I, chopped liver?!?!   And the annoyed look was certainly unnecessary.  As an investor, I have seen the financial trouble that Best Buy is having in a world where internet retailers such as Amazon are totally undercutting them.  It is for this reason that I have to wonder....where is the customer service?!   What makes a tangible, real-life store different than an online retailer?  Two things:  getting to test the equipment, and the PEOPLE!  The customer service, getting help, and answers to questions.  I have already written another less-than-complimentary review of different Best Buy location (I promise, I don't have any ill will for the company...I'd actually prefer them to garner my highest praise), and it all hinges around the same issue...customer service.  It  always seems to be that the store is either like a middle school dance, with the employees awkwardly huddled with their friends talking, looking out at the customers but too timid to ask them if they need anything....or it is like today where the employees just seem to act as if they have better things to do.  NOTE TO ALL BEST BUY STORES:  If you want to stand even the slimmest chance of surviving the fierce competition that online retailers are giving you, then fix your customer service.  I believe that there is a large group of people that still, and will continue to want a real-life shopping experience.  Give them a good experience, or I am almost sure that your company will go the way of Circuit City...out of business.
4	I like to do reviews when you think they might be under the most duress! When do you think that might be??? Christmas time! Yes, sure there were a few problems, but that will happen all the time! I was looking for a few items, during that time I was asked from four different people if I needed help! One of them I asked if they can look for a game. He had no problem, he told me it should be in a certain area, when I was looking in that area he went to the computer to check if there were something else! He did his job, when I went to pay for the items I had, I asked if they can look up a movie I was looking for! No problem, they looked it up right there for me and I got my answer! This is all I ask for, and they did it! Most people working are just doing there job, it's their job to sell you a warranty, it's their job to sell you extra items, IT's THEIR JOB! People relax! All you have to say is no thanks, then move on!
5	Fantastic experience here getting a Polk subwoofer small enough and cheap enough to make my wife happy!  Marc and Jeff were terrific, I'll be back!
4	I,ve been shopping here for the last 5 years.Very good service overall.It would be sad to see this store close.
1	Shit service. Nothing about this store is worth the time. They hardly answer the phone.
3	I called about the price of an HP charger. The rep put me on hold for 5 min. But was nice, polite, and answered all my questions. He tried to up-sale me from the Targus charger to the HP with the reasoning that switching watts would mess up my motherboard. When I went to buy it another rep overheard the phone conversation and told me the cheaper charger was fine and the guy on the phone was lying. The second guy was also polite and very helpful. He saved me $40 because he was honest! I'd go there again, but I'd do my own research before committing to a purchase.
4	I can't believe I'm doing this...it's BEST BUY for God's sake. It is, as a rule, the most unpleasant customer service wasteland that I've ever experienced and I detest and avoid the store like the plague.....until yesterday. You see, I had to go buy a new remote for my TV...and they carry this particular model at Best Buy and not at my preferred stores. So I very very begrudgingly went to my Surprise Best Buy store...where in the past, I've experienced non-existent customer service, a discombobulated store where you can't find ANYTHING because nothing is where it should be or makes sense to be, and the cashiers are about as dull as a kid's set of plastic knives. Yesterday I was in the twilight zone. The security guard at the door greeted me. I thought he was talking to someone else until he made a point to look right AT ME when he said hello! (I KNOW, RIGHT??) And then when I went to the TV section to find the remotes...I was GREETED by not one but 2 employees! (SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!) And these two employees were PLEASANT to my children (hang on--It gets weirder!) They took me right over to the remotes, showed me where the one I needed was, explained a little about it to me to make sure it's what I really needed, and didn't pressure me into buying ANYTHING I didn't need. I looked at my older son and pinched him to make sure we weren't dreaming....and he was just as surprised as I was by this whole thing. As we crossed the store to the cashier, I was greeted by 3 more employees who were in various departments. As we approached the cashier, I was sure that this was going to be SS.DD (that's same SH!T different day for the novice) but the girl greeted the 3 of us, made eye contact, and even though she has to try to sell me the warranty, she didn't push when I said no thank you. She was pleasant, genuine, and I felt like she cared about me as a customer.I am still kind of floored by the whole experience and while I can't believe I'm saying it, I would actually CONSIDER going back to my Surprise Best Buy store without first having to psyche myself up or take a shot in preparation for the visit. And that makes me feel so weird.....but I guess anything is possible!
3	Good place for electronics, but no longer the place to go for music. Now they carry the majority of their CD's (yes, I still buy those, lol) only on their website instead of at the locations themselves. There is a customer service desk, but I would only use that if I had a return, needed something programed OR if the employees in the individual sections sent me there. There are employees assigned to each section and they can handle most questions without you having to wait in the customer service line.
2	This Best buy was very busy. But it was Monday 2 days before Christmas.  I did have to stand around waiting for a rep to come and open a case for me to help out a friend because he was looking for someone also.   I assume to prevent theft of a IPod they took it away from me to give to a cashier. LOL I am not a thief but he kind of treated  me like one. He could of used better words or a different approach. I do understand why but it was just weird. I actually walked around with more expensive merchandise at other Best Buys with no problem. I prefer not to come to this location ever again lol.
1	If you deal with sales associate Courtney, good luck!. Went to get a remote start for my truck and not only did I have to track someone down to come help me, no one knew anything about any of the products that were at the store or online. Secondly, I was told 3.5 hours for install on Saturday it took 8.0 hours to install and two days later the product does not work (Viper). Tried calling to ask for a manager and nobody can seem to find me a manager on duty and gave me attitude every time. Tried speaking to techs and they are either not around or off every time I call. Needless to say the customer service is terrible and don't bother trying to talk to anyone about any product or service because no one has knowledge of anything there.
1	My wife and I went this morning to shop for a washer and dryer set. We were greeted when we first walked in the store then we made our way to the washer and dryer section where we waited and waited for assistance. I approached two employees and ask for assistance they both indicated that it was not their section but assured me they would send someone my way. After 25 min later I decided to leave. After I left I called the store manager and all she could say is "oh sorry we are short staff on Wednesday". I took my business elsewhere due to lack of staff. Oh on my way out I did notice one cashier and 4 people in line waiting to pay and they did not look happy. What a joke. It is no wonder why more people now are doing their shopping online and letting these brick and mortal store fade out. Keep in mind that some of us value our time.
4	On the day I visited with my family, there seemed to be a lot of pissed of shoppers who were saying mean things to the store employees even though their questions were being answered. I am sorry people come to this store with irate issues with the world and take them out on the employees at this store. Impatient people really should not shop when they are pissed. This store has changed, there are tons of helpful people working here. Although there is one customer service person who really needs to be in a different line of work away form people and off the phone too.
1	I rarely ever have a good experience at a Best Buy. I was there the other day and I wanted the Fitbit in the light blue color. This is exactly as it is presented on their website. I called the Thunderbird location and they did not have it in stock, which is fine. I called this location, gave them the SKU and everything, and they said they do have it in stock. When I went down there, the sales associate I dealt with treated me like I was the daftest person on the planet and kept insisting that this color did not exist, even though I called and spoke with someone at the store AND saw it on the website. I showed him the website and he walked around the corner and guess where it was. There was no need to be condescending when I knew exactly what I was talking about, and there was no apology. It is degrading to be treated this way by someone who thinks they know everything and has zero customer service or people skills whatsoever on top of it. I spoke to the cashier who asked me if I found everything I needed okay and I said, "sort of" and explained the situation. His reply was "oh yeah, that's just how he is." That's just how he is? Then fire him; he shouldn't be working in the industry. That shouldn't just be something that is acceptable to them. Ridiculous.
5	The night I left before a trip to Italy I ran in and purchased a digital camera (never used one before) at Best Buy.  The salesguy was happy I had done my homework before and knew what I wanted.Since he offered to help me with any problems knowing I had no clue as to how to work a digital, he said read the information and come in if you need help.  I did.  Next morning I ran in after getting the basics done, but I had some trouble with time/date stamp so what I didn't do they did for me free.  Now that is what I call superior service!!!  I was so very grateful as I had so little time to figure all this out before my plane left.I ALWAYS get fantastic service at Best Buy, so I cannot imagine why others would complain at all about their service.  It's personal and excellent.I'm always greeted at the door pleasantly, too, and asked if they can help me.  I love Best Buy!
1	Very bad service, Josh the GM is worst than the employees.  Ill take my business elsewhere.
1	I hate going into this store. We walked in and there were plenty of associates walking around not doing anything. I wanted to ask questions about a phone accessory, we wandered around the samsung displays for about 20 mins and not one single associate asked us if we needed help, but were passed by plenty.  We ended up leaving with unanswered questions and went to the Avondale store the next day and within 2 mins were approached and asked if we had any questions.  I was able to get my questions answered.  I live in Surprise but if I HAVE to go to Best Buy I always end up at the Avondale location much better customer service.
1	I have been shopping at this store ever since they opened.  The service usually ranges from average to very good.  Most employees are friendly and helpful.  I have bought TVs, Blue Rays, Computers, Ipods, Video Game Consoles and more there, usually without complai8nt.  As a rule I would rather deal with real people at a real store than at Amazon or elsewhere on line.  HOWEVER, service is always painfully slow in the cell phone section.  In the last week I have gone there twice to try to upgrade my phone. and have yet to be waited on.  The employees who were working there were busy but there were simply not enough of them.  As I walked out of the store after waiting 40 minutes, still carrying my old phone, I saw four employees standing and chatting by the front door.  This is a management problem and management needs to address it
1	Wow stay away from the Samsung area. You may bother the workers there... They are there to play on the lap tops and tablets apparently... The original was posted from my phone, here is an update and more.  I live right here in Surprise and have been here a couple of times. One time we (my wife and I) went to look at the new Surface Pro tablet. An associate came over to help me, took the tablet from my hand and proceeded to play with it. Even after I explained I was interested in the tablet. We went some where else to buy it. This past weekend we visited again because my wife was interested in getting a Samsung Galaxy Fit watch. There were 2 sales people helping one customer, not a problem since one of them could be new. After the other customer left, I literally had to stare at the associates from 5 ft away before one would acknowledge us. We asked about the fit and the fact that my wife has a Droid Mini. They said it wouldn't work and left us alone.. No other help offered. They lost a pretty good sale, my wife has her new Galaxy S5 and her Galaxy Fit watch is on the way. The Verizon store here in town was more than willing to help her with her purchase. I doubt we will ever return to this store based on the lack of service. I have made purchases and been helped at the Avondale store, but its a shame I have to drive about 25 miles to get help when there is a store near me.
1	Amanda is the only employee on this store that is working. All others are wandering around aimlessly and chatting with co'workers'.
