3	I've been to a few services and events here with some family, and they've been ok. If I am able to ignore the stark conservative bend in the political message, the spiritual side of the church is pretty cool. I also kind of loathe contemporary Christian music, but if you're into it, Central has a great setup. The crowd is always excited, and you can kind of feel the energy when you walk in. They do a good job of keeping people involved and making the services interactive, which keeps the pews from being full of sleeping folks.It's clearly the right place for a lot of people...it's not a match for my needs, but they do what they do quite well.
5	Central is my home church and has been for 15 years, so of course I love it. Our pastor is an amazing speaker, my favorite part being that he tells he truth and stands up for it even when he knows he will get a lot of hate mail and a lot of offended people who will leave the church to look for somewhere else where the pastor doesn't step on your toes and hold you accountable. I wouldn't call our music style quite contemporary in that when someone says "contemporary Christian music" I immediately think of Chris Tomlin, Brandon Heath, etc., and it's more of a gospel sound, if you have heard of The Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir our music is pretty much exactly the same. We do have a lot of energy in not only our worship but also some during the sermon. We have wonderful ministries for people of all ages, in church, out in the community, and around the world with our great missions department. The most common drawback for people is how big the church is. With over 8,000 members (I of course don't know exacts), and plenty who are not yet members, it can be overwhelming for someone used to smaller congregations. However we offer a shuttling service for satellite parking at both Providence and Country Day School if you want to skip out on the crowded parking lot, and the bus drops you off right at the front door of our sanctuary. Also if you feel that you can't get connected because of he huge crowd in services here's where our said ministries on campus comes in. We have many different options with Sunday school classes you can attend, not just by age or "single" or "coues, but also different subjects (which I don't really know off the top of my head). So come check us out, although we are a great place to worship I know it might not be exactly what everyone wants. Well what can I say I LOVE MY CHURCH!!!
5	Great church. Very diverse. The pastor tells it like it is.  The choir and music is awesome !!!  If I have to find a complaint, it would be sometimes its hard to find a sit because people save seats but the ushers usually work it out.
5	It's a wonderful church! The pastor is straight to the point and is very honest about his own struggles in life.  He uses the pulpit to preach Jesus and steers clear of politics. He doesn't mince words about Biblical topics. The people are friendly and the choir is amazing.
5	Spirit filled church; outstanding music.  The easiest (and not anywhere close to the whole story) description would be "Pentacostal Lite".  You're not going to see snakes or much in the way of speaking in tongues but if you are interested in a Church where Jesus is the center focus and worship is an active experience then this is the place for you.  Our family took a long time getting to visit here, but after going to many of the placid, dried up services at other places, we found this to be home.  Loran Livingston is Senior Pastor and gifted teacher/speaker/minister.  The choir and musicians are world class and passionate performers.
