5	Love and Lace is such a wonderful place to find amazing lingerie! I have searched the valley and online for reasonable and good lingerie with no luck. This boutique is in a great location and i feel so comfortable shopping there. Alex is such a good help too and makes you feel comfortable as you shop. She carries lingerie for every shape and size and so many items were adjustable so it will work with my weight wether i lose or gain! I will definitely be a frequent shopper! thanks for bringing some hope to my lingerie shopping! Victorias secret is too commercial and annoying and nothing fits! all the other places are creepy or only cary stripper clothes!
5	Great service! Great selection! Amazing owner! You'll be so comfortable here you won't want to go anywhere else.
5	I really love this place!! Alex was so kind and helpful. She spent so much time assisting me and I really appreciated all of her individualized attention and input. They have so many beautiful items and Alex help me to find some lovely and very flattering outfits for a Boudoir photo shoot. They have really nice quality outfits and accessories for very reasonable prices. My photos turned out great and my husband loved all of my purchases! This is definitely my new go to place for lingerie and bachelorette gifts!!
5	So earlier I went to the Lingerie Superstore and almost walked out in tears. I short sold but didn't walk out with my vision. Before I went home I stopped by Love and Lace because of the reviews and OH MY GOSH. There was a completely different atmosphere. It was light pinks and the owner actually LISTENED to what my vision was. She's so personal and fun and within 5 minutes she found EXACTLY what I was looking for. She hand picks all of her lingerie, makes sure everything is adjustable and will special order anything for you.  She is amazing. The lingerie is for wearable use, not for strippers. I recommend her and Love and and Lace HIGHLY recommend and will DEFINITELY  be shopping here for my lingerie! Prices are very reasonable!  I wish I could give you 10 stars :)
5	I love this place! Alex was helpful and honest. I will definitely be back and recommend to all my friends.
5	I met with Alexandra a few weeks ago and she was superb. Her boutique is cozy and welcoming and cute. We sat down and talked a bit about what I needed and she got up and picked out shape wear in my perfect size without asking for my measurements or anything! This was a really great experience because last time I went to buy under things, I had a sales associate at Frederick's take me to the back of the store and say "these are our full figured bras, they should work for you because you look a little heavy set." Um. I think I'll be sticking with Love and Lace from now on!'Alex told me her shape wear doesn't sell well but it really should because it works better than anything I've ever had before and on top of that it's really breathable which is essential here in our Arizona summers.I also picked out this super adorable pink lace sports bra that I use for weight training days at the gym. It makes me super happy because now I don't have to worry about wearing ugly old tee shirts to cover my ugly old standard sports bras. If somebody sees it, it doesn't really matter!She had a nice selection of lingerie which made my mouth water because I adore lingerie. That wasn't what I went in for, but I plan on going back for some at another time.Alex was adorable and helpful and her store seemed to reflect who she is and you can tell she has a passion for this.
5	What an amazing find!  These prices! The selection! The help! I want to help spread the word so run, don't walk here !!!
