4	The always have coupons in the value mailer monthly $5 off bath & cuts with free nail trim. I bring my aunt's Maltese and my aunt loves them. Her coat comes out super white and soft. Our 1st visit her cut was perfect. 2nd visit the cut was a tiny bit off. 3rd cut the hair was OK not that great. I'm not sure maybe they changed hair stylist or something. But will go back because they are super close to my aunt and the price is  ok. They charge extra is your dog has knots and tangled hair.
5	Our dog absolutely loves and enjoys his bi-weekly visits to see his groomer, Toni.  He greets her on his hind legs and licks her all over.  He only lets her brush him and but not his owners.(-: He enjoys the social interaction with other dogs who are waiting for their appointment.  We have been clients since they opened.
4	I just recently moved from California and own a lovable bordie collie named MooMoo.In preperation for the Vegas heat I needed to shave MooMoo but didn't have time to drive to a yelp 4star pet grooming place so decieded to give Bow Wow Meow a try since it's around the corner from my new apartment.Upon our visit we were greeted so happily by the staff and they automatically knew we were there for our appointment. I alerted them prior that MooMoo was a bit tense due to getting attacked by a pitbull months ago, yet they treated him ever so kind.I'am dearly sorry I forgot our groomers name but she did a fantastic job at not only MooMoo's haircut but she maintained such an upbeat personality to my dog.They are a SUPER FANTASTIC staff and reasonably pricing.The plaza they are located at is very nice as well, I will def. be taking MooMoo back next summer (his hair should be long enough by then)I hoped to give you 4stars but judging by a recent review I didn't know you had a mailing list. I wish I was informed :(
1	First I will say that most of the staff are very nice.  However, my number one complaint is they completely ignore my instructions on how I wanted my dogs to be groomed.  I was very specific and clear on what I wanted and the last time one staff member commented that my request might look stupid.  Unbelievable!  I don't believe my request was out of the ordinary - I didn't ask for a reverse mohawk or green dye.  When I picked my dog up I of course noticed that they ignored my request - again.  Are you kidding me? Here's a tip - the customer is always right!  I will not be going back.
