5	I started getting my nails done in junior high, and I've been to countless places trying to find the best place to get the job done. Trina Nail and Spa on Ellsworth is DEFINITELY that place. I have been going there consistently for about five years now, and you can't beat them for the service and the price. My best friend and I love to spend a weekend afternoon there, getting dolled up for the week ahead. Trina is the best at waxing services, I consistently return to her for my eyebrow waxes - she is the only one who shapes them perfectly! Acrylic nails are strong, yet not thick and bulky like many other local places do them. They also don't cheat you on the pedicures - the chairs are extremely comfortable, and the massages (including a hot towel wrap and hot stone massage) are extensive and extremely relaxing. When I'm traveling, I hold off on my nail services until I get home so that Trina and her team can take care of me.A couple of things to keep in mind - they are closed on Sundays, and cannot accept tips on credit cards. You may pay with your credit card, but all tips must be in cash.
5	We recently moved away from this area and I miss this place! Every single person here is great. I have had acrylics, UV, regular manicures, pedicures, and waxing done here. I have never left dissatisfied. They are friendly and affordable! With most nail services you get a hot rock, hot towel, and shoulder massage. Love and miss this place.
5	I had gone to another salon for a full set of acrylic nails. It was a less than pleasant result. I saw the reviews & decided to try Trina's for my fill.  Joe did a great job! He listened too - my nails are just the right length & he did a fantastic job repairing what had gone wrong. I will go again.
5	I've been to other locations close to my house and thought OK. But then I went to Trina's. This was very clean. Trina's offered a full spa pedicure with salt scrub, wax dip, callous remover, stone message and cooling gel for $40 dollars. During this time, I received a hand massage at no extra cost and as I wait for the nail polish to dry, a neck message; again no extra cost. The basic charge would have been $23 if I would have kept it basic, but my much needed tired feet needed the full treatment. It was well done, was not rushed and very good treatment. I left with happy feet, relaxed hands and neck. It was worth the extra drive to get this treatment and well worth the price.
5	Trina's was very accommodating. I made a last minute appointment and Selena was able to do my nails exactly how I wanted, for a lot cheaper than other places. Just make sure you bring cash to tip with.
5	This was my first time at Trina Nails.  My old place went out of business and another place I tried was not up to par either, so I started looking on Yelp and found this place with such good reviews.  First of all, it was very busy and there seemed to be a lot of regular customers who knew the owner and other workers by name.  I got a pedicure and the lady gave an extensive leg/foot massage with her hands and also hot rocks.  Then after the pedicure, while I was letting my nails dry, she did a neck and shoulder massage.  Heavenly....I will be back.  I wish they would wear name tags however.  I would have asked for my nail tech again, but forgot to ask, although by the other reviews, everyone here does a great job.  Basic pedicure was only 23.00.
5	Went there today for a manicure and wax and wish I had time for a pedicure too! The atmosphere is so relaxing, everyone there is very nice and accommodating! The pedicure chairs look so comfy, new and well maintained! I can't wait to go back.
5	We just moved here and Trina's Nail & Spa was the perfect place. It was so clean and relaxing. Such wonderful service. Lee and Tony were fantastic. The price is very reasonable. I will definitely be back again. I have found my new pedi place.
1	My wonderful Fiance got me a gift cert to this place and after not having a pedi for a while I was excited to finally get it done. This was my first time at this place and walking in on a Monday night I really wasn't greeted at all warmly, no smile in sight. The girl at the front manicure station asked what i wanted done and i told her a pedi and paint on my hands. I sat down after noticing the sign in sheet that no one said i should sign and sitting on top of the sign in was a DEBIT CARD pin punching machine and I remembered to look around for any signs that said cash only and there wasn't any. I had my gift cert but planning possibly adding to the services. There was no music playing, it was so quite and uncomfortable because no one was smiling or talking at all and there was a tv but it was turned off. I was asked to sit down in the pedi chair and the lady that was to do my nails came over and didn't even look at my face just started working with what seemed like a frown or serious look on her face. I tried to lighten the mood by telling her I was sorry if i flinch because I am ticklish and that was the only half smile i got out of her. I def didn't feel welcome.. i felt like i was an inconvenience sitting there. She shaped my fingernails and as i sat down to pay her before she did my polish and gave her the gift cert and my card for the extra she says they don't take ANY cards. I asked " Oh, i didn't see a sign. I make sure to check especially because this is my first time here?" and she just said "oh, we used to have a sign but its not up anymore" i apologized (even though i didn't feel like i should be the  one apologizing) i asked if i could run a few stores down and get cash at the bank which she said was ok. I hurried and got back.. looking back I should have just left the gift cert there and not gone back. I returned with cash and paid and tipped( again i don't know why. i guess i was trying make the situation better but it really wasn't my fault) . She hurried through my polish without looking up once to see if i was approving of the color or workmanship. I seriously didn't want to be there any longer so i didn't say a word about how i would have liked it if she did one more coat and that i didn't really like the shape she made my nails. I sat down to dry my nails and she proceeded to go rub something on her hands and come over and asked me to sit back and reach under my collar and bra strap to message my shoulders... i was so tense about everything and the last thing i wanted was her rubbing something on my back that I'm sure was going to break me out and then it really was not relaxing.. especially cuz I'm just that kind of person wants to me touched like that by a stranger( i just would have rather asked before she went ahead with it. i understand other might like this service). this was really the worst pedi and nail paint job I've had. Any small positives like the wonderful hot stone massage was over shadowed by the rest of the experience... will not be returning.
5	They will always be the best nail salon I have found I'm the valley. Been coming here for 10yrs. Selena is amazing for nails and Tony does the best pedicures. Trina is always the go to for a brow wax!
5	I am completely in love with this salon!  My mother lives nearby, and every time that I am in town I must come here! I will seriously wait until I drive over from San Diego to come here! The employees are always so friendly. I have had my feet, hands and eyebrows done here and have never been disappointed. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to getting a design done on your big toe.  The artwork they can do on such a small surface is amazing!  It makes me smile every time I look at my feet.  :)
5	This was my first visit - I am new to phx and it was outstanding!  Tracey did my nails(gel uv) and toes - trina did waxing.  I will be back for sure!  They were very pleasant, wonderful work and prices were very (very) affordable.  I moved from illinois and prices for waxing - 1/3 of what I'm used to paying - great gem to find!
5	I live in California and I'm here visiting family. We all decided to get our nails done. This shop is very clean and nice. The staff is also extremely friendly. I would definitely come here often if I lived in the area. Complementary massages as well!!
