5	After a bit of research at other gyms, I decided to put my money at this place.Here is the skinny on this gym as I just joined it. I will update this as I spend more time here...1.  Ambiance - Nice, clean and small, but that was what I was looking for and not the huge facilities around town.2.  Workout - Very interesting type of system using smart technology to individually customize the work out to your range of motion and your individual strength.3.  Open - 24 hours using private key fob system.4.  Machines - You will need a few minutes to familiarize yourself with the machines and the demo. Once done,  you are on your own and away you go.5.  Staff - Very helpful and personal attention as this is a small place. staffed during normal work hours and then monitored by camera during off hours.Check it out, it is kinda cool.
5	The Groupon enticed me to check this place out. I've never joined a gym before as it always just seemed so overwhelming and I didn't know what to do. Koko, however, makes working out simple, easy, and quick. This is definitely the right type of gym for me.For your first time, you have to make an appointment. You are then personally guided around the small gym by one of the super-friendly and knowledgeable staffers. They help you determine which fitness "track" is best for you (weight loss, sports performance, toning, etc.) and then guide you on how to use the machines. The great thing about Koko is that there are literally only 3 machines. 1 all-in-one for weight training and then 2 for cardio. It totally takes the overwhelming-ness out of working out and joining a gym.Koko uses "smart technology" for your workouts. You have your own personalized USB drive that you plug into the machines. And then the screen guides you through your workouts. How much weight, how many reps, how to set the machine up, proper form, what pace, etc. It's so awesome. For your first time, the staffer stays with you pretty much the entire time as the screen takes you through a series of strength tests so your future workouts can be calculated. Again, totally takes the overwhelming-ness out of working out and joining a gym.And the best part is how fast it all is. Once you've got it all down, it's about 30 minutes or less for a weight workout and about 15 minutes for a cardio workout. Which means I no longer have the "I have no time" excuse.So yeah, this is the perfect gym for people that don't like gyms, don't know what to do at a gym, have never been to a gym, etc.And it is all small, clean, and nice. I really like the fact that "crowded" here is like 5 other people. It's far from a "gym scene" and I love that.
5	If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would.  Before joining Koko, I hated working out- it was always such a chore to put aside some gym-time out of my day, but the unique workout programs and the super friendly staff (and yes, they know you by name) have turned me into a "koko" nut.
5	Again...groupon brought me here, but Tara, Madi, Shari, and Matt kept me coming back.  When you arrive someone calls out, "Hi Kathleen (or Nancy...inside joke, which is great). It is always clean and well-stocked with fresh fruit, coffee, tea, oatmeal, etc. for those early morning workouts.  The way the Koko trainers work is amazing, making those workout routines you've always wanted to try in magazines, but know you'd look like a dork running around your gym going from machine to machine totally unnecessary. AND you never have to wait for the gym-hogs (you know the kind...they do ten reps of something then sit at the machine you need for their five-minute rest between sets and never get up.)  I have gotten so much stronger and my arms, legs, and core have gotten firmer.  The Koko cardio programs are great, too.  I can torch 225 calories in 15 minutes (with the medium-advanced elliptical) or chill and burn 125 on the treadmill.  Love, love, love Koko FitClub!
5	I was a member of 24 hr fitness for years and I was really inconsistent with working out. I absolutely dreaded going to the gym and having to spend 45 mins+ on cardio and then I would be clueless as to which weight machines to use? It was so overwhelming.... but then I found Koko Fitclub! It completely changed my attitude towards working out and I look forward to going every single day! Go request a free demo and you'll be hooked too!Koko is so different from every other gym. Your workout is completely individualized to your strength and what results you want, whether it's Beach Body or being Fit & Flexible. They have tons of different program tracks to pick from to get your perfect workout.Also, another BIG reason I keep coming back is the staff! They're amazing!!! So friendly and so encouraging! Also, the facility is super clean and feels more like spa than a gym.Just the facts: $79/month for membership + a one time enrollment fee. Optional 24 hour access key available for purchase.
3	So I checked this place out via Groupon and I'm glad I had the chance to do that.  It really is a great place for those that just want to get in, work out, and get out, and then move on with their day.  The work-outs are customized to your fitness level via objective testing on their machines.  There is very little human interaction here, so if that's what you want, that is what you will get.  That is not to say that the staff isn't there to help because they are and they are really, really helpful people. However, what it's not great for is for people who are on a budget.  The monthly pricing is around $80, and the initial start-up costs approximate $200.  With those costs, it can be off-putting, which in all honesty is the reason why I chose not to go back.  If you're willing to invest that money, know that you will be greeted by friendly and helpful staff, a very quiet and clean environment, and a quick way to get your work-out.
5	This Koko is my home away from home! I have never been to a gym that I love as much as this place! I am a bonafide Kokonut! Everyone that works here is so fabulous, the manager Tara, the owners, and my personal favorite Koko coach Madi, is the best! I always get an awesome workout here, and it is up to you how far you want to push yourself. This is the best place if you want to get in shape and maintain your fitness!
5	personal trainer without the mesh tank-topthe center-point of a koko gym is an all-in-one weight machine ... through a series of pulleys and levers, one stack of weights gives you your entire workout ... leg curls, bench press, lat pull-down, etc...the first time you go you take a strength test and a series of range-of-motion to let the system know what you're physically capable of.  from there you follow a (swiveling as you need) computer screen that shows you the exact speed you should lift -- you mimic a rising and falling box on a screen.  demo videos show you exactly how to do each procedure, along with bullet-point things to be sure of.  if you've ever played around with a wii fit, it's like that on steroids.  master-able in five minutes.any given weight lifting session will be almost exactly 30 minutes, and believe me, the time just flies by ... you spend all your time watching the computer screen.  the system keeps track of what you've done and the next time you visit, moves you along to the next logical set of lifting.  there are also two ellipticals and three tread mills.  no computer screens here,  MP3 players and headphones guide you through any level of difficulty you'd like for a 15 minute session.the reviews of others for this particular koko are spot-on ... the staff are great, the club is super-clean in an otherwise faceless henderson strip mall.and there is one HUGE advantage that no one else has mentioned here ... you get an access key, and thanks to the wonder that IS las vegas, you can go 24 hours a day ... so if you wander in at 02:00 on a wednesday morning, the lights are all on, the music is playing, and it's just you in the club.  it makes me feel like king of the world.  it's luxurious and it's awesome.after start-up fees (many of which can be dodged by getting the groupon), it's $80 a month.  sounds pricey when you compare it to some of the 24 hour joints -- and it kind of is.  but if you were to use a personal trainer, which go for $50/hour plus PER SESSION, it would be $600 a month for three sessions a week!  i simply love the fact that the second i sit my ass down on that machine  i'm on auto-pilot ... i think about NOTHING but the computer screen in front of me and the weight set repetitions that somehow seem PERFECTLY adjusted to my fatigue level.i'm 53 and i'm a writer.  i think of exercise exactly like writing -- it's not something i like to do, it's something i like having done.  before koko i've done very little weight lifting in my life ... i was never sure exactly what to do, and i didn't feel like "performing" in front of other people at the gyym.but i HAVE done a ton of cardio-pulmonary in my life (e.g. ridden my bike across america, swam from alcatraz twice).  i've also always carried an extra 20-40 pounds over my "ideal" weight (i've never really cared ... i've never "dieted").  whenever i've heard wedge shaped people talk about how great-it-is-to-be-alive-oh-what-a-beautiful-morning, i just wanted to punch them.  (and probably would, except  they lift weights and i don't).  i've never had that feeling.until now.  it's not an exaggeration to say koko has changed my life.  it is, easily, the best money i've ever spent on ME.i thought and thought about this review before i wrote it ... i was going to rate this place 4*s because of some quibbles i have, but for the raw effect it has on my life, crossed with the true amount of "right" i believe the underlying system has, i just couldn't.but that doesn't mean i won't mention them ...THINGS THAT COULD BE IMPROVED* koko's too far away.  i know, i know, it's not their fault, but all of vegas's kokos are concentrated in a blot down in henderson and i live in summerlin.  it's a haul to go there ... as much as i enjoy koko, i don't enjoy the drive.  (i suspect it may be part of the franchising rules.)* there's a mild emphasis on over-training.  it's actually worse at "normal" health clubs, but there is a leader board in the club that tells you who has been lifting the most weigth and working out the most.  no one at koko has ever mentioned grossly diminishing return of doing more than two weight lifting sessions to me.* there are no showers.  i understand why they do this -and i wouldn't want to pay more to have them- but the cardio sessions can be intense at the very highest levels.* 15 minutes isn't QUITE enough for a cardio session.  they're deep into tabata philosophy and that's fine., but i'd like the option of (pre-defined) longer and more even sessions.i'd say koko's not for everyone ... maybe just normal people and computer geeks ... if it sounds interesting, go to the main koko website and get a free session -- better yet, get the groupon ... it's dirt cheap and will give you a real feel for it.everyone can talk and talk about koko, but you don't really get it until you sit at a machine ... and you'll known fairly straight-away if it's for you or not.
4	I've reviewed the Horizon Drive location but recently started coming here more after moving a mile down the road.  This gym is spotless and the atmosphere is as far from "gym-like" as any fitness club can be.  Three treadmills and two ellipticals serve as your cardio equipment on which you complete 15 minute sessions guided by their chief fitness officer on an mp3 player.  An all-in-one weight lifting machine guides you through the strength part of your workout, almost like a video game that's very easy to learn and play!  Your first strength test measures your strength and range of motion and thereafter workouts are loaded on to a USB for your future completion.  The screen on the weight machine tells you exactly how many reps, how much weight, and which exercises to complete, taking all of the guesswork out of going to the gym for those of us who aren't very gym savvy.  The USB keeps track of your goals and progress and doing a fit check every so often lets you see if and how much you're improving your eBMI. What I love: the atmosphere.  Feels more like a spa  or a luxurious home gym than a fitness center. No mirrors; no rows and rows of machines that I don't know how to use; the ease of the workouts and how I don't have put any amount thought into "planning" or executing my workout; the friendly staff; the cleanliness and never wondering "was this machine cleaned before I started using it?"; the community feel; the ease of committing to something that is such a no-brainer; etc. What I don't love: the price.  $79 a month is expensive and, despite my commitment to and love for this place I've considered letting my membership go when my year is up and taking my chances with a traditional gym that's 15 bucks a month.  The music.  There is a random mix and sometimes the songs are upbeat and energizing.  Other times they are draining and not motivating.  I LOVE music and I am so driven by it.  But it's hard to lift weights or do cardio to, let's say, Coldplay, LOL.  I wish they'd go back to the drawing board with their satellite radio contract.  Overall I'd say if you're looking for a workout routine that is super easy to stay on track with, a gym that is inviting with staff that is welcoming and friendly, and have a few extra dollars to spend on your goals, Koko can definitely be for you.  There's usually a groupon that is a steal for a month's membership.  Check it out and you'll see why this is a great gym alternative!
