3	A very cool boutique in Outremont, but the ultra high regular prices have been keeping me away. During sale season, this is a great place to check out, $400 shirts for $90!!
3	AWESOME selection of labels. Some of my favorites like Nudie, APC, ACNE, Common Projects and Band Outsiders. Unfortunately the guy working there had an attitude that matched the silver chain around his neck, OH SNAP! :-P Just kidding... but it was a bit "cold" in there. 4 stars otherwise.
5	I stayed in Vieux-Montreal (sp?) a few blocks from this store. I liked the selection of clothes, from converse (leather faux dress) shoes to high end shirts, etc. It was all clothing I would easily wear to work, where I have to dress like an adult, but don't have to be overly stuffy. I ended up buying only a sweatshirt, but if I were more in the mood to shop, I would have purchased more. I window shopped all over the "underground city", and around St. Denis, and was not really excited by anything until I found this place.
1	Maybe because I live in New York, it's hard for me to take a store like this seriously.  It carries a weird vibe I've seen in smaller cities where shop assistants think high-end stuff and a sense of humor are mutually exclusive.  Everyone's very s-e-r-i-o-u-s.  Lighten up, people.  It's clothing.  It's meant to be fun.  And, honestly, some of the clothes you stock are a bit silly.
5	A unique collection of menswear labels from Europe, USA, and Canada.  Two locations, one on the enchanting St.Paul Street in Old Montreal, and another in the high-end district of Outremont,   both designed by the genious Montreal architects, Saucier & Perrotte.  Great fashion, great design, a definite one-stop shop for the man who wants it all!
4	I shopped at the Michel Brisson store on St-Paul this weekend. The selection is well-curated and consists of labels that are hard to find in Montreal. Further, the staff is pretty helpful and honest about what looks good on you (and what you might, ahem, reconsider). My only beef with the store is that they are often out of popular sizes.
