4	Went to Zen's for the first time tonight for dinner and we were impressed. It's a sit down restaurant, has a varied menu and the prices were right in line.  They have a special every day and tonight it was  - All You Can Eat fishfry with 2 sides for $9.99.  The fish was excellent.  Others had a turkey reuben sandwich and a turkey & soup combo, all were very good.  We needed reservations as the place was packed when we got there.  The wait staff were fast & efficient. We will go back here & would highly recommend it to you!
5	Packed place
5	Holy cow I'm full. So I eat my whole burger and fries without breathing because I'm starving my ass off. Burger as fuel? Yeah, um, you betcha. It's a safe recipe for a hungover tummy, right? Bad for health but I shouldn't be writing this while I drive either. The burger was fine, no complaints. What really made this place excel for me were two things: First, I love it when the owner is on the floor talking to people. I just think that is awesome in a local joint. Adrian makes the rounds and knows many people by name. Very cool. Second, my buddy got the all you can eat fish Friday dealio and thank god he did because it turns out my burger was only an appetizer for me. Now, I know it's not all WE can eat but our server was cool and wanted my buddy try the three styles - blackened, fried, and grilled. So, I grabbed a fork and shared like he was my wife and damn it was great. The tarter sauce is homemade and has a slightly sweet edge from the dill relish.  You can almost eat it with you fingers it's so good. The blackened style was my fav - mildly spicy and not overpowering. Overall price and value was right, too.I've swamped a few hangovers with Friday fish fry specials in my day... Zen now has the new high seed...
2	Maybe I just had bad service or caught a bum deal, I don't know but either way I probably won't be going back. Stopped in there to grab some appetizers and have a meeting with a friend. Ordered the cheese wedges and the crab cakes. We took two bites of the crab cakes, one for me and one for him. They were soggy and really terrible. I love crab cakes and these were only shaped like them. The waitress came by to the bring the check and asked if we wanted her to mention it to the manager, I said "yeah that'd be great, they're just really soggy and not good" She came back a minute or so later with "The manager says that's just how they are. Here's your change"Not impressed.
2	We went today for a burger the place was empty except for bar patrons! Waitress said burgers were good! She recommended chips for my husband I had fries, the fries were typical frozen crinkle cut which I don't care for! The chips were made in house with little to no seasoning in other words bland! The burger was just ordinary with no seasoning! Not particularly impressed! May try another time and try something else but never to have the burger!!!
1	Mr C & I go in for dinner on what I think was a Tuesday night happy hour-ish. The bar was packed, so I asked the hostess to seat us in the restaurant. She looks at me a says " Do you have a reservation?" Im like, no.. and thinking to myself.. this is a sports bar, why on earth would I make a reservation here?? She tells me she isnt sure she can seat us (as I look around at many open tables) and heads to the back for a few minutes. Mr C walks us and says whats the issue?? I say, we didnt have a reservation and he says, what? in a sports bar?? Hostess comes back and says, shell go ahead and seat us, yet has some serious attitude and tells us we really should have called first. We sat down, digested this tid bit of info, and decided that we didnt want to spend our money there and opted to leave. We went to the Irish Wolfhound instead. We wont even bother coming back. eh
4	Excellent service and great food. Owner ALWAYS there. He makes sure you are taken care of and makes it a point to talk with everyone he can. He cooks when they are busy. If you're not happy then tell him and he will make it right. I love the chicken or shrimp caesar salad as well as the hamburgers. You can have the food you order grilled, fried, or blackened. Majority of the wait staff have been there a while and are very good at their jobs. If I had to identify any problem it would be that the smoke from the patio wafts in more than I would like it to...but not enough to keep me from going back.
4	So I went to Zen's Cafe for the Friday fish fry, I have to say that I was very pleased with the meal.. Not only is it all you can eat but you can get a different style on re-orders.. The service was good considering when I went in it was packed, we were seated promptly and didn't have to wait very long to get our food.. I will go back and try other menu items..
4	Cool place.  Fish was amazing, I had all three ways and blackened is my favorite for sure.  Good luck getting in on weekends without reservations.  I went on a Friday at 2ish and it was already starting to get busy.
2	Since I value the Yelp site.. I convinved Mr C that we should give Zens another try.... so we did.  Once again the place was pretty busy with the sun city locals, but we found a spot tucked away in the corner of the bar. Service was ok. We ordered an appetizer but never got it.. the waitress admitted she forgot to put the order in. Since dinner came so quickly, we didnt need it.  We both ordered the fish fry-all you can eat. It was ok, but not great. The fish was mushy--oh, and its catfish, not cod.  Now, im not a big fish eater if you have read any of my other reviews, but I actually thought it was ok.  I took mine with Fries & Cole Slaw... neither of which were home made. The fries were frozen, and the cole slaw obviously not fresh either. I wasnt fooled by the squish of mustard in it to mask the Sams Club premade bucket. Blech.  Anyway, they do actually have Budweiser on tap which we like and it was $2.00 for happy hour which we also like.  That being said.. we just werent impressed and wont bother to return.
5	I love this place. Great breakfast deals and their fish sammich is killer.  Do yourself a favor and try their fish fry.  They have no cover ufc fights and trivia teusdays.  I come here all the time and I will keep coming back.  Sometimes the service can be a little slow but for the most part I can't complain.
4	The name might mislead you... with a name like Zen, you think Asian, meditation... not a sports bar.  Food is very good and reasonably priced. A 12oz Prime Rib dinner for about $13.00.   The crowd is a mix of younger bar, and older restaurant folks.  If you're sensitive to cigarette smoke, you'll probably want to sit outside.  Very friendly staff.
3	After hearing about Zen's for a while, daughter and I decided to try this place out this past weekend. First of all, they were very nice! Daughter had her usual cheese burger, I had a hard time deciding! I almost order their spicy pulled pork sami! But in the last second, I noticed they had a Cuban sandwich! Growing up with a Cuban step father, I sure do miss his cooking! Now the sandwich is good, It's not like my step father's. But then again, he was an amazing cook! But it was will worth ordering the sandwich. We also wanted to try one of their pecan pancake! That was awesome!!! I am usually a plain pancake with maple syrup kind of dude! But their pecan pancake was great! Glad we tried it. Overall this place is worth coming back, they have a great menu, and there are a lot of food I would like to try. One major problem I had, their Diet coke as really bad? Very flat, they even changed it, but I had to return it three times.
2	The food is bland and service is suspect (slow)... clientele is senior citizens which I personally don't mind... food is a little expensive given the mediocrity of taste. I have been there twice now, and was underwhelmed both times. Probably wont go back, but if your 55+ you should check it out as you might see some of your buddies....
1	If I could give less than one star I would.  My hubby and I came here one day during the week wanting to try something new.  NEVER AGAIN.  We both have a thing for fish fry so we both ordered the all you can eat.  Cool that they do it other days besides Friday nights. But thats the only plus.  Food took forever.  The fish was DISGUSTING and soggy on the inside. Fries were frozen. Not only that, right after we got our food we were told to put any additional fish orders in now because the kitchen was closing.  And sure enough 15mins later the kitchen staff were walking out the front door going home.  Seriously?  There were quite a few patrons in there and it wasn't even 9pm yet.  I found this to be extremely rude and they obviously don't care about customer service or making money.  We might have ordered dessert.
2	Food usually over cooked and not great.  Went for trivia which was fun, but stopped going due to the unimpressive menu and service.
4	We go here often. It is somewhat hiiden from Grand Avenue so its always hard to believe how busy this place gets. We usually go for breakfast because they have an open bar and you can get a bloody mary or tequila sunrise with your eggs. lol The food is good in my opinion. Only complaint I might have is the potatoe fries sometimes seem overcooked. They do have corned beef hash.. Yum! The staff has always been friendly and I've personally never had an issue with the food taking to long. Ive heard the friday fish fry is amazing but we have not tried it yet.We also hang out at the bar area here. It is seperated from the dining area. The place is definetly a local senior citizen hot spot but they always have been nice and friendly. Appetizers at the bar have always been good. I mean its appetizers at a bar.. so its not like Im expecting super chef quality. Ive never had anything that seemed old or not fresh. Always pretty good. The drinks are always good and strong. We play buzztime texas hold em and trivia. The bartenders are always friendly and raz the regulars on occasion which is always humorous. Good times! :)
1	Well...another loser restaurant on the west side.  This is absolutely the poorest excuse for a restaurant.  Slow, unprofessional service.  Greasy, soggy fried appetizers.  Dirty, dingy atmostphere.  Over priced.  Who uses canned green beans in a restaurant?  We will not return ever...........
