5	Trying to get rid of that 'ol Muffin Top or Saddle Bags that never seem to disappear?  If you think your workout routine is perfect, you may want to think again.  I have done all types of classes from pilates to yoga to kickbox to spinning to lifting and have never felt my muscles tremble as much as they did in this class.  After 5 classes I noticed a significat difference in my muscle tone.  It is a great way to shake up your old routine and have fun while doing so.  If your goal is to get rid of the muffy t's and saddle b's and get that 18 year old booty back, try out Purebarre Scottsdale, it is highly recommended!!
5	Pure Barre is AMAZING! It is a great workout and is so much fun. I love doing any kind of workout: any at-home video you can think of, pilates, hiking, yoga, etc. I'm also certified to teach Spin and Zumba. Pure Barre is by far my most favorite thing to do! No matter how often you do Pure Barre you will feel the burn every time. The energy in the class is always kept high with awesome music. The instructors and your classmates are so motivating to push a little further each time. This will give you the long and lean body of a dancer and you will feel/see the results almost instantly. I just can't get enough!! :)
5	I've been going to Pure Barre for about a month- I'm already noticing changes in my arms, butt and legs! The class is intense but moves so fast it's over before you know it.  People are nice and helpful. Best thing: they have many class options throughout the day - great if you work! Love it!
5	I have been to other Barre fitness classes (Karve, Dailey Method) and I absolutely love all of them... but there is something extra special about Pure Barre.I like the studio. I like the instructors. I like the equipment. I like the  music. I like the great class times (morning, afternoon, and two evening classes plus weekends). I like the flexible packages. I'm doing the 1 month intro special - unlimited for $100.I LOVE that the instructors make it a point to learn your name, and to compliment you during the class. It helps encourage you to push harder. The one-on-one attention they give to make sure you are getting the most out of your workout is amazing.I have been to 4 or 5 classes now and my sides (muffin top) are already starting to get tighter! AH-MAY-ZINNNGGG!!!Highly recommended. Take a class with Marirose; she will make your thighs burn like FIRE!
5	On my way to my first Pure Barre class, I was talking about how I have yet to find a gym or exercise program that I actually enjoyed, therefore I never stick with it. After one class, my workout prayers had been answered!Pure Barre is nitty gritty kick your butt for an hour, but leave feeling oh so good. The exercises target specific muscle groups and work them until you are shaking and think you just can't give anymore, but the amazing instructors time their motivation perfectly and make you push just a little bit harder. Each class I feel like I am able to get the technique down better and better and am able to get more out of the hour. After three or four classes I was feeling more flexible, toned and motivated. They say results show after just ten classes, but after going about 5 or 6 times I am already seeing the huge benefits.I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to really get their body in shape, but be prepared to push yourself, give it your all and feel the burn because this program certainly isn't for the faint of heart!
5	Love Love LOVE it!!! Pure Barre is great! I'm not your usual Pilate's or yoga gal, but this workout totally got me hooked! As an avid crossfitter, I was wondering if it was going to be enough for me, and wow! it was. my legs and abs were shaking like never before! The instructors are all AMAZING and love how they max out a body part and then slowly stretch it out. LIFT, TONE, BURN is right!!!
5	If you are like me and you are reading these reviews to debate trying a Pure Barre Class, then stop reading and just GO. I had heard about these 'Bar Classes' and did some research on line and here on Yelp to learn more. I read all good things, so finally checked it out. This is the first workout that I have done that I have seen real results. Seriously!!! My arms, shoulders, back are more tone and my legs and butt are almost back to where they should be. Although my flexibility has a way to go, I am so much more flexible now. I started noticing a difference within a few weeks. I think my husband is tired of me pointing out my new abs and toned legs, but I am just so excited to find a great workout that I really love. The location and class schedule is perfect.  Marirose and Veronica are so welcoming and really make you feel comfortable. When I first started others would say to me "oh you are going to love it" and now I say the same to others..."you will love it, promise". Check it out.
5	Having done Bar Method for two years and being new to the area, today I finally checked out Pure Barre.  I was not disappointed.  I've tried a couple of other bar-type classes in the area (the Ballet Barre class at Abby Bella Dance Studio and Karve) and neither could compare.  Pure Barre's instructor was fun, friendly, pleasant, up-beat and the class itself was just as big a butt-kicker as Bar Method.  The exercises and moves are very similar and target all the same areas.  I just about passed out doing the thigh workout as I always have in BM and yes, that's a good thing.  (You'd think a sane person would avoid a workout like this - Personally, I'm genuinely brought to the verge of passing out or vomiting.  Pleasant, right?  But I swear, NOTHING shapes your body faster than this workout!)The class was well-taught and I walked out of there knowing I'd found something great.  Since I'd tried a couple of others, I wasn't convinced this would be comparable to my trustworthy BM but I now I'm a believer.  : )  Pure Barre is the real deal...it's awesome.  It was also pretty cool to learn a slight variation on the exercises.If you've never done any type of bar class, GO to PURE BARRE.  I'm so happy you're here, Pure Barre.  I'm a fan.  See you soon!
5	This was the first in class workout I've ever tried and I fell in love.  Pure Barre works you harder than anything else I've tried.  My muscles are shaking every session (which is the point).  I suggest everyone tries at least one class.  You don't have to have any dance experience and you see results within 2-3 sessions.  My butt is firmer and my arms are buffer.  Take a class with Marirose or Veronica Weyand to make your workout extra intense!
5	Pure Barre Scottsdale has changed my life! I went to my first class with poor body image and after the first hour, I was hooked! The instructors and owners are fun, fresh, dedicated and very helpful. Although some may be shocked by the sticker price, they offer fun discounts and deals periodically that keep clients coming back for more! I would recommend this safe and effective workout to ANYONE, especially at Pure Barre Scottsdale! Get ready to life, tone and burn to great music, with fun clients and instructors!
5	I have never experienced a more thorough, intense workout in my whole life! Pure barre is changing my arms, thighs and butt. Go now! Each instructor is kind, enthusiastic and more than helpful. Love Pure Barre Scottsdale!!!!
5	Pure Barre Scottsdale has changed the way I work out.  I've always thought if you want to look fit and lean you need to bust your butt in bootcamps, crossfits, or at a gym.  That is SO not the case!  Pure Barre has taught me that.  After my first class I was completely hooked!!! Its fun, upbeat, and extremely challenging to the body.  I have never seen results the way I see the results from my pure barre classes.  My posture is better, abs are tighter, and FINALLY my legs are showing some definition!  The instructors are so supportive as well.  No intimidation factor.  They want you to succeed and make sure you are using correct form and keep pace with the rest of the class.  I give 5 stars to Pure Barre in Scottsdale and the fabulous ladies who dedicate their time to making us all look and feel amazing and sexy!
5	Do you like to go where everyone knows your name?! The girls at Pure Barre make a point to get to know you..isn't that different? During class, you'll get shout outs of encouragement to help keep you going! I love that! Make no mistake, you'll sweat, your legs will shake ( they call that the good stuff!) and you may even swear...but you'll be back..the next day! Also, I like that the teachers correct your form, because who wants to do something wrong or get injured? I don't! I've been going a year and plan to continue!
5	I wish I still lived in Scottsdale... only when I think about pure barre. I love the classes here and I really loved all the instructors. Women come here to work out. This isn't a social class where you can chat a little bit when there's down time to grab weights or mats etc. My boyfriend saw visible differences after I went three times (which is ridiculous, I know!) I have also never sweated so much from an indoor workout until I took pure barre classes. Literally, sweat pouring down my face (sorry for the visual) and sore for days after just one class. I'm actually signing up for a class in LA. It's pricy but worth it. They've got classes from 6am - 7pm. Tip: get the pure barre socks. They prevent you from slipping around and accidentally falling into a split that your legs and groin really can't handle. Trust me. This advice comes from experience. Tip 2: 70% of the women who attend these are super athletic, fit, probably used to be dancers or gymnasts. Don't be embarrassed if you're new and not as fit. Everyone is here to work out and the instructors are super kind and helpful.
5	I couldn't be happier with Pure Barre.  Not only has it literally lifted my rump, it has changed my body.  The instructors are motivating, fun and very positive so it makes going to class that much better!  Thank you PB
5	I generally avoid group exercise classes because I have so many joint issues (knee, hips, neck, shoulder) that need accommodating.   Pure Barre, however, is the exception to the rule.  Despite working out most days of the week for many years (cardio machines, weights, pilates, hiking, even the P90X DVD series), I never experienced such noticeable results until I started going to Pure Barre 4-5x/week.  Pure Barre is completely low-impact, and you are only moving in increments of an inch or two.  But your legs will shake and the sweat will drip down your back.  For the first time in my life, I can see the muscle definition in my abs.  My quads have become lean and defined, and my butt has become a lot firmer.   I recommend that newbies sign up for the 1 month intro special ($100 for unlimited visits) and then go as often as possible, because it does take some time to learn how to do the moves correctly and this is a FAST-paced class.  I've never found myself staring at the clock and wishing the class would be over because the positions and exercises change so quickly.  The music is loud and fun and carefully chosen work with the moves.  The instructors shout out encouraging comments when you are doing something right  (how they remember everyone's name is beyond me!) and quietly come over to you and correct your form when necessary.  They will also show you how to accommodate any injuries you might have.    In one hour, I achieve a complete workout.  And I always leave with a smile on my face.  I am completely addicted.  The only thing I wish they would do differently is add more classes on the weekends.  Those classes are always PACKED, and if you don't sign up early enough during the week, you will find yourself on the wait-list!
4	LOVE this place!! Its a great workout, everybody is so friendly and they sell great workout clothes there as well. My only complaint is that the price is a little high.
5	I could not have more love for PB. The concept is genius, and I love how it is geared towards women and the parts we want to tone: abs, butt, thighs, arms. The class is fast paced and the instructors are fantastic. I really like Jasmin at the Scottsdale location, she physically corrects form and explains technique well. Before I went to a PB class, I thought I was in good shape- I run half marathons, work out a few times a week- but it is a HARD workout. Like, HAAARRRDD. I never thought using such small movements and hardly any weight could tone and burn so much (and leave you so sore). It's expensive but definitely something that's a treat, try it out!
4	I love the amazing environment and work outs. The people who go are understanding and encouraging, and its really a family of women just wanting to be healthy and strong. The workouts have amazing music that really gets you pumped. My only complaint is that the prices are high, and they don't offer student or teacher discounts for those of us who want to continue after our one-month trial.
5	This workout will change your body! Small movements set to AMAZING music equals great results!  Veronica and Marirose have the friendliest and knowledgeable staff.  They offer 3 great locations in the valley to choose from.  I am amazed at how my body has changed and I'm loving all the compliments I have been receiving.  If you want to get a jump on your swim suit body, check out Pure Barre.  In two weeks you will see a serious difference!!!  Thanks ladies!
5	So I bought a LivingSocial to this place because I've always heard people saying how amazing it is. The deal was for two weeks unlimited and I went to 8 classes in those two weeks and I can say I definitely noticed a difference. I love this place. Let's be honest here, I HATE working out. But I actually enjoy these classes. They go by quickly and the music is great. The classes in the evenings are usually pretty full and you have to register in advance but the waitlist moves pretty quickly. My favorite instructors are Abby, Jasmine, and Shayla. I think I've only ever had two or three other instructors but I make it a point to choose these ladies because I feel like they're the best at helping with your form and motivating you to keep going when your thighs are shaking and you think you're gonna give up. This studio is connected with the Arcadia and Chandler locations too so if you purchase a membership, you can go to all three studios which is convenient if you have friends in other parts of the Valley. I did the new client month unlimited after my LivingSocial expired and I've done a total of 18 or so classes now and I can totes tell a difference. I've been super busy and haven't gone to class in a week and I feel like a slob. These classes are addicting. They're super pricey so get  ready to shell out $23 for a drop in class or pony up $175 for the month unlimited. It's worth it.
5	This place is awesome!  The music is great, instructors are motivating and the workouts are perfectly planned as well!  I really like the instructors because they are always walking around the class correcting form and positively motivating everyone!  Great place!
5	Well the proof is in the pudding folks. By "pudding" of course I mean arms, abs and booty plus a whole lot of comments such as "so where did you get those pipes?" I have been to a few other barre studios with plenty of mixed feelings - some workouts too intense to focus on form, others not intense enough to feel like you're working. Pure Barre is the pefect balance between intensity and form and actually produces visible change in your body which is hard to argue with. After the first couple of classes, I really questioned whether I could keep up with this as a regular exercise habit. So much burning going on! It also took me a bit to get used to what we were actually supposed to be working in some parts of the class. But the instructors are awesome, give verbal cues of where you should feel your muscles working, and provide plenty of adjustments to help you get there. I love the upbeat music, it provides for good distraction when you're holding on for dear life during those last few pulses. I also like that there is periodic stretching between muscle groups, it's a good reset before you go into the next ass kicking. It'd an addicting routine, really. The price is certainly steeper than other alternatives out there, but considering how effective the workout is and how great the studio vibe is - to me, it's worth the cost if you want a seriously toned bod. Let's be real - you'll spend the same amount of money by the time you combine cheaper classes with supplement scams or a gym membership with a kale smoothie habit. Just get to barre already!
