4	I had the gyoza and the volcano sushi from Sush & Rolls. The gyoza was real tasty, but the serving size was small. It was only 2 dumplings for $1, so I recommend getting 2 orders. The volcano roll ($7) was quite filling (8 pieces) and whatever topping came on it rocked. It all seemed really fresh and the rice was sticky enough to hold together. The staff is quite friendly and the service was speedy. Thumbs up.
5	I love this place.  The owner is so sweet and always greets everyone with a smile. He seems to really love what he's doing because he always ask how the sushi was. It's comfortable like a mom and pop sushi place lol He even makes sushi on the line.  Sushi can be hard to come by downtown, so any one passing through, hanging out , or working downtown please go into oxford center and try sushi and rolls. Take the escalator down to the food court.  This is a favorite lunch date spot for myself and my boyfriend.  He actually encouraged me to write this review.  I normally stick to one of the bento dishesThe Bento I get  it's normally 8 pieces of sushi spicey tuna, or california roll, gyoza dumpling and chicken terriyaki. I have also had the nigiri shushi so yummy.  Sushi and Rolls Edo sushi is worth trying to.  The flavor of the edo terikaya  sauce is heavenly and sweet. I can tell in the flavor that who ever has made the sushi rolls has had a lot of practice.Cast away any prejudice you may have about food court sushi.  There are premade benton boxes that you can choose from, but the owner has no issue making your order fresh. Sushi and rolls is always fresh and fast they make the sushi while you wait,  if  what you want isn't already on display.
5	This place is, by far, my favorite sushi joint in Pittsburgh. I stop in at least once or twice a week for lunch and always walk away happy.They sell prepared bento boxes (made fresh each day), as well as a handful of hot Japanese entrees (chicken teriyaki, udong). I've never had anything here I didn't love, but I'm personally partial to the rainbow roll, Oxford roll, and inari (stuffed fried tofu). If you're not very hungry, the salmon or cucumber maki are light and tasty.The family that runs the place and their employees are some of the friendliest people, and always stop to ask how you're doing and how your meal was.In terms of ambience, well, it's a food court, but the restaurant itself is fairly isolated. I've had a few lunch meetings here and haven't had a problem with it being too loud, even when it's busy.Prices are decent - I usually wind up paying around $15 for a roll and a drink. The only downside is that they don't take credit cards, so bring cash.
5	I used to go to this place all the time when I lived in Pittsburgh.  I really miss it!  I'm no sushi expert by any means, but I found their sushi and rolls to be wonderful.  They also have other dishes beside sushi.  Don't be put off by the food court - this is not fast food quality.  The owners are super nice and, as stated in another review, they always make sure to ask how you've been and how you liked your meal.  You can buy the pre-made, chilled bentos or they will make your sushi fresh if you ask.  If you are in downtown Pittsburgh and you love sushi, give it a try.
4	This will be short as I'm typing this from my phone (there may be typos, just a warning).  Best tasting sushi I've had in years! I couldn't believe that the 3 reviewed have this place 5 stars...until I tasted my order. I got the bento #2 box. 2 rolls, 2 dumplings for $7.99. It's made fresh right in front of you. No more than 5 minutes wait time. The menu isn't as extensive as most restaurants and it does have a mall, food court kinda look to it. There's nothing and I mean nothing fancy about the dining area. All aesthetics aside, the food is simply wonderful. I haven't tried Nakama or any of the other overpriced sushi places in the 'Burgh yet but so far, this food court looking place located in Oxford Center is my choice for best tasting sushi in Pittsburgh. Feel free to give me suggestions but its going to be hard to top this place. Minus one star for the lack of 'ambiance' and the fact that its CASH ONLY! But seriously, do your taste buds a favor and try this place, especially if you work downtown and want a quick, delicious sushi lunch.
4	Great lunch place. Fresh, well seasoned food. Has more than sushi.  Kimichi pork was tasty.
4	I like the place. I found this place from yelp about two weeks ago and have been back more than 5 times.
5	I haven't had many different meals because I am in love with the spicy kimchee pork. It's amazing. Yes, the atmosphere is food courtish, but it is a food court, after all. CASH ONLY. Did I mention the spicy kimchee pork is to die for?
5	This place is an absolute Savior to a Downtown employee who needs a lunch-time pick me up.Sushi and Rolls is located in the heart of Corporate Pittsburgh, and it brings in a large crowed of suits and ties, daily. They offer every kind of sushi and maki, all of which is prepared in front of you. The food is always extremely fresh and tasty. I swear, their Miso Soup is leagues better than any other. Their prices are fair, but it is CASH ONLY, so prepare for that. I'm looking forward to 2:00pm so I can make my way down there today!
4	Good prices for dowtown sushi.   Quality was decent and service was quick and friendly.  I got the Bento #1 meal for $8.50 (if my memory serves my correctly).  Very tasty but not particularly filling.  Only held my hunger off for only a couple hours.  To be fair though, I would have to eat a ridiculous amount of sushi to feel full from it.I will likely come back the next time I have a sushi craving at work.
4	I've ventured here before for the teriyaki chicken as well as the pork dumplings. Yesterday, I couldnt decide if I wanted to hit my usual Chinese spot for general tsos or head somewhere new for sushi. My friend at work brought up the bento box here at Sushi & Rolls & I decided to try it. You choose your box of sushi and then they make whatever comes with that certain box. I ordered the bento box #1 which came with teriyaki chicken, white rice & 2 dumplings (& the sushi of course) The sushi quality was good and everyone working was extremely friendly. I'll head back soon.
