5	We've only just gotten water here, but I have to say that the guy that owns the place is so friendly! Every time I go in he greets with a smile and a hello. :)
5	Water and Ice with 5 stars? Well, I didn't expect it either!I was packing up for Country Thunder and had my huge cooler in the back seat. I had absolutely no idea how much ice it needed. When we pulled up the owner gave us the rundown of all the sizes and asked what we needed. When we told him we didn't know he handed us a card and told us to load up and then come back and let him know what we used.WHAT? Someone let us take product outside without paying for it? Wow. Is this still 2012? The Mayans must be right, the end of the world is near.I know, I know... it is just ice you say. But, I've never had that happen before at any business. The courtesy made the transaction easy and actually made me feel good about the world again. Thanks Mr.!
5	This is a review for the shaved ice. Never used the water service. My daughters LOVE this place. The shaved ice is deelish. Prices are great too. You can get a cold treat on a hot day for two bucks!! My advice: add the cream to your flavor it's freaken amazing. The guy who works there (owner) is SO nice. He always remembers what we get and is so friendly and patient. Just a good guy. Love this place.
5	I came in to buy a BPA water bottle with a spout. The owner was so friendly and helpful. Unlike another store I had gone to where the man working seemed to be making fun of me for requesting BPA free. This storekeeper was very nice!  He sanitized the bottle and filled it for me. Great customer service!!!They had an excellent selection of Thrifty ice cream and so many flavors for the shaved ice. Also well stocked on candy. It was clean and welcoming. I highly recommend if you are in the area!
5	Such great service ! I've been going here for like 7+ years I always have an excellent experience. The owners are super nice! I always come here when I'm craving the Carmel Apple suckers lol.
