4	BB creams galore, all from Korea, all formulated for specific needs. Lightening,brightening,firming, tightening, wrinkle -hiding and spot coverage. So many to pick and choose,it makes one's head spin!  This is also the place for the famous sheet masks, again all tailored for specific effects. Don't be shy about asking for advice/instructions, as again, basically all the products are Korean that are popular with East Asian women, and some of the writing on the packages is only in Korean. There are some European products, but not many. Tons of facial care products as well and make-up again, good to ask about them;  the second half of the store is filled with tons of retro kitsch,accesories and some furniture. This is also the place for VERY blingy bling and cosmetic contact lenses, the kind opthamologists warn you about. So far, I've purchased their BB cream, (yes had to get advice) the M brand, and wear it everyday, have to say I do like it.
5	This place is just awesome, more for the teens but will work fine for me. They have cool furnitures to awesome make up kits. As Lu G. described this place has lots of nice make up stuff and most importantly their BB cream line which works as a concealer and also to brighten you skin up. They have cool contacts line and nice trinkets and stuff for everyone as gift ideas. I suggest load up here and walk away with awesome gifts. Plus the staff is really nice and understandable and will help you out with anything and still give you space enough. Big plus from me was also the bags they provide you with (so nice that you dont have to purchase new gift bags either)
4	I get my Korean BB Cream from Viewshop (I wear the Missha brand), as well as beauty masks of all kinds. Koreans started the whole BB cream trend and they have the best brands. I also have gotten some great nail polish by Etude House in the past (also a Korean brand, popular with K-pop fans). They have a big selection of costume jewelry, stationary, home items and some clothing. I tend to trek here for the beauty items but I rarely walk out without buying something. Also, they have a loyalty card which rewards you with a little discount on each purchase!
