5	I started out at another salon two years ago when I moved here on a whim thanks to Yelp. They subscribed to my policy of using non-sulfate and organic products. Sadly, the previous stylist (though good) consistently gave me "mom hair". I'm not a mom. I will never be a mom. i didn't WANT mom hair. In came Khristine and all was changed.I'm THRILLED that she has her own digs now. Khristine is a real gem in terms of hair. I can go to her and she knows JUST what to do with my hair. She's adorable, a joy to be around, super friendly and funny to boot. She's the first stylist who I've gone to and left saying "OMG I LOVE MY HAIR." She still uses organic products and is also amazing with color. I just wish I could afford it more! Soon though! :DI gladly drive almost an hour to see her. Hell, I even got my boyfriend going to her. Which probably says a lot. :)
5	Khristine is awesome. She uses gentle products and is just fun to talk to. She gives some pretty sick haircuts. She can go really conservative or really edgy - it's awesome.BASICALLY, SHE ROCKS.
5	I have been seeing Khristine since before I was officially Jewish, which is a long time ago now. But that's neither here nor there. She is amazing at creating color that complements your attitude and skin complexion. Basically, she's a magician. Every time I leave Khristine's salon, I feel good about myself. I also feel confident that I can somewhat recreate what she's made on a daily basis. So glad to have found her! P.S. Her new studio is a private space and it makes you feel VIP.
5	Genesis is the absolute best. I've gone to her for more than a year now, every 3-4 weeks, and the cut is consistent and awesome. Her attention to detail separates her from any other stylist I've ever gone to.If you're a guy and you care about your hair, you can't do better than Genesis for a cut. Not cheap at $35 + tip, but it's worth every penny.
5	I love Khristine!!!  I met her over 6 years ago when someone botched my haircut right before my wedding, she fixed it right up.  And it was years before she admitted she was nervous about having to fix a haircut before someones wedding day.When my sister comes to town she asks me to make an appointment with her, she said its the only good haircut she can get.  Khristine is the very, very best.
5	I went to Khristine last week for the first time based off of Yelp reviews! I was sincerely impressed with her professionalism, skill and overall business. Also, she is very personable and sweet. One of the few stylists that didn't answer the phone during my time with her!She spent 3+ hours on my hair and I left with a great cut and color that I have managed to do at home since. This is not a cheap salon so don't expect to come out of there with a salon style for a CheapCuts price. I didn't really ask about pricing prior so I did spend more than usual BUT you do get what you pay for. I will be back!
5	I went to Khristine today and I absolutely love my haircut! I have lived in the valley for 7 years and until now, I've never trusted anyone enough to do more than a trim. Khristine is awesome! She definitely knows her stuff and I'm even considering getting highlights again after a five year color hiatus (because I never found someone I could trust to do it, until now!).  Awesome, awesome stylist!
5	Years later I am still going... and it keeps getting better!! I love my hair!
