4	Monterrey's has nice and classy, Mexican themed, decor.  They are not ideal for going to watch a game as the televisions are too small.  They provide a nice patio which is optimal for nice weather.  Their service is "hit-and-miss" as some waiters are excellent while others are slow and rude.  They provide a very reasonably priced lunch menu that will nearly guarantee leftovers.  Their food is tasty and their margaritas follow-suit.  What keeps me coming back is their excellent salsa that is provided with their tortilla chips.
2	Coming from Santa Cruz, I was sorely disappointed with Monterrey. I ordered the lunch special #4 (taco, chile relleno, beans, and rice) and there was nothing special about it. The bean were mush. I've had canned beans with more texture and better flavor. The rice was salty. The chile relleno was profoundly sub-par having very little chile to it. I also couldn't tell if it had been fried or not. The sauce that went with it was okay, but not close to the chile relleno at Las Palmas in Santa Cruz. The taco looked like it needed a lot of love. The meat was oddly seasoned and had gross, mushy texture to it. The taco shell itself was probably store bought. Ick.Overall, if I do go back I'm trying something else.
4	I love this branch of Monterrey. I've been three times, and I've had fun every time. It's a place we like to go on dates, as it's cheap and you get a lot of food, and the decor is kind of nice. Two of the times we've been, we sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while we sipped margaritas. There's about a billion vegetarian options, which always works for me. I see Kelly C. didn't like her chile relieno, but I've always liked mine. I have a friend who lived in Texas for a while, so now she is kind of ruined for NC Mexican food...I've not gotten my taste buds retrained, however, so I am still a fan.The patio is gorgeous, the staff is friendly and quick, and the food is good. I would recommend it to anyone, especially for dating!It's easy to miss as you're coming down Harris, so make sure you get the directions straight if you don't know where you're going.
4	I visit the Monterrey in the University about once a month during lunchtime.  People from work had always mentioned it, but from the outside, it doesn't look like much.  It's in a strip mall.  I decided to try it and once I got in there, I was amazed.  They've decorated and themed the inside of this strip mall restaurant very nicely to resemble a Mexican restaurant.  It's also divided into separate areas, making each a little more private.  I was impressed.They bring you chips and salsa to start like any good Mexican restaurant.  They're nothing out of the ordinary, but they always taste so good to whet your appetite.  The salsa comes in a little decanter which you can then pour into your salsa bowl(s).  It's unnecessary, but the presentation of it is very nice.  The food choices are your basic Mexican menu items.  I usually get one of the lunch combos.  For about $6, you can't go wrong.  It comes with a couple of choices, rice, and a side item.  My favorite is the combo with the soft chicken taco and chile relleno (which isn't really a stuffed chile, it's more of a pile of mush of cheese and very finely chopped chile, but oh-so-good), with a "salad" on the side consisting of shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and guacamole.  Yum.  Like I said, the items are only about $6 a person and they really fill you up.  For a sit-down lunch restaurant, it's an awesome and delicious deal.
3	I have been to so many Mexican joints in Charlotte, its hard to keep track. I have been to Monterrey a few times and its a fairly decent place to get some enchiladas or munch on chips and salsa. It is definitely not one of my favorite Mexican places in Charlotte or even in the University area but if you're in the mood, give it a try. I would, however, recommend Zapata's as an alternate.
4	This place is definitely solid and I make it a point to eat here whenever I'm in town. If you are looking for more traditional Mexican dishes, I would go somewhere else because Monterrey serves up the standard Tex-Mex favorites. Their margaritas are pretty tasty and you can get a super extra large one if you're really thirsty! Aside from that, the food is good and, more importantly, cheap...I always go for a quesadilla of some sort and I'd strongly recommend getting some queso for pre-dinner chip snacking!
4	If you have a big crowd this is the place to go. The wiaters are used to waiting on large parties of sorority girls (pickie eaters). At times they get a little slow but they give you the free chips to make up for it. Pollo Fundido, taco salad, sopa de pollo, chicken taco, and the cheese sauce are great choices! You won't go home hungry, you could probably eat for a few days if you take home left overs. I used to eat here every Sunday, but I moved due to work. If you are in the area and want a great deal on a lot of good food, this is the place to go. The sangria and Margs are pretty delicious, ask for Sonja to make them!
5	I will begin this review by saying I bought my first condo based on it's close proximity to this particular Monterrey's.  I'm not sure if that's sad or a good move on my part.  The old school Charlotteans will remember this as the former site of the famous (in my heart at least) Rainbow Deli.  Monterrey has done a great job over the last seven or so years making this reborn location a fun hangout with unbeatable service and food that I constantly crave.It's not often I take my little "Mini-Me" out in the evenings- At the end of the day, I'm not mentally prepared for toddler-sized meltdowns before the food arrives.  Monterrey is always the exception to this rule.  Our plates come out so darn quickly, and in the meantime, there are several waiters to come by and make funny faces at her to pass the time!  Although I haven't lived in the area for several years, they still know me by name and I'm treated like family as soon as I walk in.  I used to think I was just special, but I've heard several people with the same experience.I've had almost everything on the menu, but the Cheese Steak Burrito is my "Old Faithful."  Their Sangria is pretty remarkable and the margaritas are decent.  The best part:  The Dos Equis drafts are so cold, the ice particles form on the outside of the glass- Delightful.  My absolute favorite is meeting friends on their substantial, covered deck with some cheese dip and cold beers.  I've had birthday parties here, bridal showers, etc. and they are completely hospitable to everything.  Five stars for great food, even better service, cold beverages, and both kid and adult friendly!!!
5	Best Mexican food in University City. Great staff, quick and courteous.
3	I'm giving Monterrey a 3 not for what it was in my dining experience but what I think it could be under the right circumstances. The decor is standard Mexican restaurant look. The service was very fast. I ordered steak fajitas and had the chips and salsa that come with every meal. Overall my meal was very average. Maybe a little below average. I'd probably give it a 2 or 2.5 for what I had. My server was very attentive and the food came out fast though. The main reason I have no reasons giving the place a solid 3 is because I think it could be better than my experience. They have plenty of authentic Mexican dishes which you don't normally see outside of Cali. Normally, I would have gotten one of these but was feeling like Fajitas. Also, they have a nice outdoor patio which I think would be very nice for a cool summer night meal.
4	two words for you... CHEESE DIP!No lie, as soon as the plane lands in Charlotte I high tail it to this place. The Cheese Dip is so amazing that I dream about it when I'm in CA.  It can't be recreated and I can't find anything close to it in southern CA.  The margarita's here are also very yummy! Service is quick and prices are super reasonable (i guess anything is compared to LA)Can't wait to go back...
4	This is my favorite mexican restaurant in Charlotte. My wife and I eat here on a regular basis. Great food, great people, great price.
3	3 1/2 STARS**** So my sister had informed me that this place had received pretty decent reviews on here and I thought I would try it out. So my overall consensus is that it's not as good as Azteca but its good!! We started out with the queso that came out so quickly and was very good! I had the the Arroz Con Camerones the shrimp had good flavor as did the guacamole it came with, it was just missing something. My boyfriend had the Ribeye which came with rice and beans and grilled onions and peppers with fried potatoes and he seemed to like it. Our server was very nice and quick!! The decor was typical for a Mexican restaurant. The location kinda sux being that far in the shopping center that many wouldn't know its there!
3	I'm thinking more of a 3.5 for this place. Let's start with a negative, the parking is usually a nightmare. The narrow strip of parking spots doesn't accommodate everybody when it's a Friday night. I actually tried eating here this past Friday but we couldn't find a parking spot anywhere, so we left.Luckily for them I've eaten here many times so I will return! The food is good, and all at a very reasonable cost. Queso dip is always a great way to start, along with the margaritas. Both always tasty and delightful! Strawberry frozen is my recommendation :) The food has usually been good for me and the waitstaff is always pretty quick with service. I usually get chicken quesadilla with queso cheese, yum! When I order take out, they always pack plenty of rice. If you're craving Mexican, this is a great place to go.
4	Quick and fast... great for lunch!  This place is located off of Harris, but a little hard to spot if you aren't looking for it.  The parking lot can be a bit of a krap shoot since it is located on the end and everyone seems to try to take the spots closest to the door.Has great lunch specials and it is super fast (so you can enjoy your lunch without having to watch the clock too much).  Chips and salsa were kept on the table - The salsa has a medium kick to it (just right) and I can pretty much down a whole basket of chips myself (SAD, but true).From Harris, the place doesn't look that big, but it really opens up inside and they have some pretty wicked decor inside.... some of the booths have a false thatched covering over them and the decor always seems festive.
3	Monterrey - the regional chain - is quite possibly the first Mexican food that I ate in Charlotte.  Whether it was or not, it is the first I remember having.  I typically eat at the location in Matthews, simply because it is closer to my house.As has been mentioned by other reviewers, this spot is a bit funky.  While you can see it from Harris, it is almost always in a "oh, there is Monterrey" discussion, so that you are passing by going one way or the other and it is nearly always too late to figure out just how to get into the parking lot.Should you happen to figure it out, then the food is not bad, and pretty similar to the other location in Matthews - fairly standard, perhaps skewing to the high end, Americanized Mexican fare.  While there are better stops in Charlotte for Mexican food, there are plenty that are worse as well, so try and find your way into the parking lot and give Monterrey a try!
5	Arriba!  Good food excellent atmosphere.  I love that this place has all of the good Mexican menu standards done well; but what makes this restaurant really good is that they go the extra mile to set the scene for your meal.  The restaurant's atmosphere gives you a sense that you may have left Charlotte for just a moment.  That said, after a few of their Margahretas you might actually swear you are south of the border - and I am not talking about South Carolina!
4	This was one of the very first places that I was introduced to upon moving to Charlotte, and it quickly became a staple in my life. There are so many great memories tied to this place and gotta love mariachi night! Yeah, the parking lot stinks, but why does it matter where you park once you get inside and get filled with delicious chips, salsa, queso, and, my personal favorite, pollo fundido. So much food for your money, and great, personable service too.
4	I eat here quite often.  It isn't great Mexican food, but it is pretty good and the best in the neighborhood.One plate I would like to recommend is El combo.  It comes with a LOT of food.  I usually only eat half and save the other half for lunch the next day.  It all comes with beef but you can sub chicken for any item at a cost of $0.25.  The hard taco and the Chalupa are best eaten that night.  The chili rellano could have more pepper in it.  The margaritas are hit or miss.  Sometimes they will be strong and sometimes they will be a little weak.  On Mondays medium margaritas are $5.50 and they are pretty good sized.  I think on Thursdays they have beer on special.  If it is your birthday, they let you wear a sombrero and give you a fried flour tortilla with a whip cream smiley face on it.  It may come with some syrup and a cherry too.  You do not get to keep the hat like I thought, they will chase you down and ask for it back.
3	I would say this is just your typical Mexican restaurant..nothing too special. I tried a cheese enchilada and pico de gallo. They were both ok. Prices are pretty reasonable, service is good, and the drinks are awesome. I would go for the drinks alone :)
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte! Their "gringo dip" is delicious. I wish they had more than seven or eight vegetarian options- but they're all good. Their spinach and cheese quesadillas are excellent.
2	For the past 11 years we have eaten here for MANY lunches after church on Sunday, sometimes 3 or 4 times a month.  We went yesterday for the first time in about 4 months (haven't been as frequent for various reasons) and we will not go back.  They have raised their prices quite a bit and taken the kids' special off the menu for Sunday lunch.  We were the first customers yesterday and the chips were burnt.  We asked for a new basket and they were a tiny bit better.  We asked for mild salsa and it came out like tomato juice.  Usually by 11:30 on a Sunday there are quite a few customers in there but when we left at 11:45 or so we were still the only people there.  The food was not bad and I have always thought their chicken was the best around but I am so dissappointed.  We have too many other choices for Mexican to spend that kind of money when we can get the same or better for much less.  We know we can get better chips elsewhere.  I noticed the most of the staff was very different from what we have seen in years past.  Will miss the concenience but have to be wise about our spending and the value received!
4	I'm ashamed to admit every time I walk into Monterry's that ask me if I want a Margarita, they don't even ID me anymore. That either means I drink way too many margaritas or I'm a fan of Monterrey's. The location isn't anything special. If you're coming from Harris Blvd. you will mostly likely miss the turn and will have to swing back around. As for Charlotte/ North Carolina chain restaurants, this Mexican joint is a personal fave. While the food isn't authentic Mexican it will satisfy your craving. Their queso dip and margs are pretty tasty. The menu is quite extensive- usually I just grab a taco or burrito, but they have many other options.  This location, has the best service. Everyone is always kind, attentive and speedy. I have been to other Monterrey's and this one is my favorite. They have good specials, outdoor seating and tasty Mexican... what's not to love?
4	The food is Americanized "authentic" Mexican which tastes better than most chain Mexican restaurants. The menu contains what one would expect from a Mexican restaurant, with vegetarian selections available. The house margaritas are strong, the salsa is tangy, and the meals flavorful! The service is quick which makes this location a must for lunches! Perfect for families, business lunches, or a romantic evening out on the town. Stop by Monterrey's Mexican Restaurant today and discover pure satisfaction!
5	Monterreys is a great local Mexican Restaurant Chain. Please visit their fan site for all their locations and menu items.  http://eatmonterreys.com.
3	3.5 stars. Not bad but not great. Always have to judge a Mexican restaurant by there salsa and enchiladas.. Both were meh+
4	My coworkers and I visit for lunch all the time. Fast service, friendly staff, good food! However, visited at dinner for my son's birthday, and was not as impressed. Slow service, wrong meal brought out to my husband, waited forever for the meal to be replaced. Overall, great for a fast, filling lunch.
2	Well, I have been here twice.  The first time was delicious, and we were sooooo excited to go back and get the same exact thing.  (Mixed Fajitas with chicken, beef, shrimp, carnitas and chorizo).The first time everything was delicious ,and the carnitas were to die for!  It was my favorite thing and I honestly couldn't stop eating it.The second time, we were served some strange cut of pork that honestly made my stomach turn.  It was very fatty and honestly tasted spoiled.  We mentioned it to our server, stating how it was very different our first experience, and she just looked rather confused.  We both got sick to our stomachs and could not finish our meal.  And honestly, I couldn't fathom eating Mexican again for a few weeks, when it's my favorite kind of food!The portions are huge and prices are fair there, but this meal ruined it for me.  Maybe just a bad experience, but we won't be back.  :(
3	I usually go to Monterrey around lunchtime. Sitting outside in the nice cool breeze, drinking a refreshingly large Margarita out of one of their fishbowl-sized glasses, is usually the setting for my visits to this Mexican eatery. Rarely do I go for the festive "Mexi-Charlotte nightlife". I decided to try out their dinner-time demeanor. Granted it was during Cinco de Mayo (which ponders a question....Do yo think Mexico celebrates Fourth of July with fireworks and Jack & Cokes or Vodka & Redbulls?....Anyways...) so I kept that in mind when formulating my review here.     I believe the food at Monterrey to be some of the best bang for your buck when it comes to Mexican food. I have eaten similar items prepared IN Mexico and it is quite comparable. They started us out with chips and salsa (probably one of my favorites) and drinks (for Cinco de Drinko, I went with a house Margarita out of a red Solo cup). Atmosphere was enjoyable and festive with a live DJ for this auspicious Mexican occasion, everyone seemed to be having a good time. That is, until the food came.     Luckily for this Ginger getting his Mexican on, his order was accurate. The same can't be said about other folks in the group. Some getting guacamole when they opted out, others glaring at the ones who got it in envy. Then when asked for refills on chips and salsa, our table watched in horror as they picked up a mini-carafe and bowl of chips from a table that had just cleared. We politely, but sternly, declined the gently used basket of chips and salsa. What was going on?     I generally rate Monterrey 4-5 stars in my books, albeit Cinco de Mayo, some qualities you just don't sacrifice. It seemed the service and quality was sacrificed that night a bit amidst the festivities. I will go back there, but I believe it will be for my Enchiladas and Fishbowl Margaritas from here on out.
3	If you like the kind of "family" Mexican that is served in a million different Mexican restaurants this is the place for you. The chips and salsa are fresh and the fajitas are hot. Its just ok.
5	My favorite mexican food in the area!
1	This place has REALLY gone down hill as of late. It used to be semi-decent. Tonight's visit was a nightmare. Took the whole family there. Typical last minute decision, tired kids, grumpy spouse. The chips were stale and over cooked, or double cooked. The wife got the giant margarita. It was so syrupy tasting that she couldn't get more than two sips out of it. At the end of the meal I took it back to the bar and told the manager it was totally awful. He didn't understand my English so the rest of the conversation had to take place in Spanish. He did offer to put more booze in it, but the taste was the part she couldn't stand. I asked him how they made it, he pointed to the uniform shape and size row of bottles and said, "just this mix and tequila". No limes, no fresh ingredients. There was nothing that could come from that bar that would have sufficed. It was just bad. I got the burritos verdes. They are a new item, beef tips in a burrito. Not awful really. But the burrito was mostly beans, with just a hint of beef in it. Wife got the fish tacos. They were too salty for her (or anyone) to finish, so I swapped meals with her and poured hot salsa all over them and just ate em down. They were NOT good. The "special sauce" that they serve with the fish tacos ended up just being generic thousand island dressing. I took a bite of some of the kids meals too. The burrito meat my toddler was pushing away all night had the texture of wet sand. It was so overly salty as to be almost inedible and the taste was horrendous. The service was pretty lame too. One waiter came bringing four plates and after about five minutes of trying to decide who's was who's we finally had to explain to him that none of these orders were ours and he was at the wrong table. So he takes 3 of the 4 plates away and leaves the 4th one for about 10-15 minutes while the customer who ordered it waited confused. It was really slow in there too, maybe 6 other people in the whole restaurant.The manager walked by the table about a half dozen times never stopping to check on us, and I don't think our drinks were refilled the whole night. We didn't bother to complain  because it was already a bit of a rough night for us and we just didn't need the drama. So in all fairness, I didn't really give them much of a chance to redeem themselves. But honestly, if EVERYTHING that you send from the kitchen to the house comes out bad, service, entrees, drinks, chips, booze I don't think a polite complaint could have done us any good.If you're a college student at the nearby UNCC and want a hole in the wall to drink beer at while watching t.v. or chatting it up on the patio with friends, this place will work. For the rest of you diners out there, skip this place and save your money. It's not as bad as it used to be, its worse!
4	If you can get past the sometimes not too great service, the food is awesome. Drinks are great too. Especially the frozen daiquiris. Could definitely have better drink specials throughout the week. I really love the taco salads. Only complaint of all of my multiple visits: Rushed us out on my birthday. Made us feel like we had overstayed our welcome. I'm a bartender and always tip based on time spent as well so I didn't appreciate feeling like I was being pushed out of the door.
4	This is my go-to place for Mexican food around the university. Their prices are pretty good and the food has always been spot on. Haven't had the chance to try any drink specials but I heard those are good as well.
4	It's exactly what you would expect from Mexican food.  No more, no less.As far as the intangibles go, the restaurant is above average.  Clean bathroom, lots of seating, large outdoor eating area, and friendly wait staff.
3	First of all - They only allow 2 basket of chips definitely not what I am looking for when I go out for mexican food. The waitress that we had either was new or was not trained well because she kept forgetting everything. I asked her about an item on the menu and she didn't know so I asked her to find out exactly what it was. She comes back 15 mins later and she forgot that I had asked her a question. If you are looking for good mexican food don't go to Monterrey there are better places out there.
5	I've been to this Monterrey location numerous times, and they consistently deliver solid Mexican food with good service. Fajitas are exceptional, and if you're REALLY hungry the "El Combo" meal is a pretty cheap deal for a ton of great food. Have never ordered anything from here that I didn't enjoy in 10-15 visits.
1	I came here to check out a New Mexican spot I was seated quickly but it took a while for the server to take my order. I ordered the supreme nacho special and made it vegetarian by taking off the chorizo. I thought it came with refried beans but it came with black beans instead I asked my server kindly if she could put refried beans on top of my nachos she acted like she didn't understand and for what I presumed was the manager I apologized about misreading the menu asked him the same thing he had an un pleasant demeanor the server brought out the refried beans the server never checked back on me during my meal the nachos were good but the service was poor. And on top of all that they rang me up for the wrong price...
4	First time at this location.  It was a Sat night and we were sat right away.  The food was very fast.  The Dos Equis pitcher was not ice cold but the food was very good.  We got the fajitas for two.  The reason for the 4 stars is the beer and we had a hair in our queso.  I would still recommend!
5	Our waitress was very friendly! I ordered los tacos de carne asada and they were fantastic. Steak on corn tortillas served with a side of cilantro, onion, lime, and traditional salsa so I could put as much as I wanted on my tacos, which was great! Everyone enjoyed their food choices, Nachos Tropicales were a hit! The cheese dip appetizer is a must. I'm always very iffy about ordering meat at a place I haven't been before, but all the meats here were perfectly seasoned and well cooked, served hot. Absolutely delicious will definitely come back.
5	This place is amazing! The food is delicious, the place is clean and the service is lightning fast! I have absolutely no complaints I'll definitely be back!
