3	Metropolitan hotel feels a little out of place on Leith Walk. Sure its next to (and I would imagine that it gets most of its custom from) the Playhouse, but a Boutique hotel in this part of the city is a little strange.It's a lovely building, but I get the feeling they are trying to hard. Take the rooms for example, filled with things that are more pleasing to the eye than functional. That's ok when it comes to the decor but when the bed feels like a rock, I would have rather they went for the cheaper, comfier option.That bar itself if great, the bartender John made me the best Midnight Cowboy i've ever had. He also mentioned that a Jazz band play on sundays. I'll be coming back!
2	I didn't actually realise that the Metropolitan is both a hotel, restaurant and bar. I popped in here today late afternoon with the lovely Miss Emily V purely on the basis of the chalk board sign out side: "All Cocktails Half Price." Already with our minds on a margarita, it was like a beacon.I think this can be really kept short and sweet (unlike our actual expereince which was short and...bland.) The bartender was friendly enough, but Emily summed it up after the first sip of both our cocktails when she said "wow, yeah, there's a reason all cocktails are half price." They were distinctly unimpressive.A caipirinha and a...oh shoot what was it? Old fashioned (Emily V is an expert on these). The ice was made from tap water. How do i Know? The distinct over powering taste was tapwater. I couldn't taste the cacacha in my caipirinha. Any caipirinha I've had int he past has been like "oh baby THERE'S the alcohol!" This was actually bland. and there was a wedge of lime on top. Not a crushed, muddle mush of lime at the bottom (this is how it should be). Whatever they think a caipirinha is, this is not it.The Old Fashioned had more kick but was definitely not the 'old fashioned' way of making it. Also disappointing.The decor of the place was nice enough, although trying a bit too hard. Maybe in the evening when there's a crowd in here it's fun. But in for cocktails we came, and the cocktails were distinctly unimpressive so 15 minutes later out for cocktails we left. Sorry guys. Nice spot, friendly staff, but if you're going to advertise your cocktails try to get them at least half right?
