4	agree with michael h- this place is good. real good.  close to being a scottish version of a portland oregonish dive bar except dodgier. there will be random dudes sitting alone at the bar eyeing you up but the booze is cheap and its dark enough where you just wont care.  if you do, play the trivia machine thingy- its perfectly placed where by playing it you can avoid eye contact with everyone.  if i lived closer it would be my edinburgh late night cheers
5	My current boozer of choice in Edinburgh. Beer is cheap - they have that watery Bud stuff on tap that I like - but more importantly it has a pool table with all the balls and at least one cue and a fairly rocking jukebox. An added advantage is that due to the layout pretty much every seat feels like a smaller cubbyhole set apart from the other tables. Perfect for avoiding too many people overhearing my drunken slur I call conversation at about 11pm....The only down point is the overly loud DJ that plays on Saturday nights - too loud for an old man like me!
4	This is one of the pubs in Edinburgh that breaks out of the usual mould of being focused on its traditional atmosphere.  On first appearances this is not that obvious and you would from a distance assume it to be just like all the other old pubs you find around Edinburgh.  However, there is something about this pub starting with the bull leering down at you as you head down the stairs into the pub that tells you that things might be a bit different here and you'd be right, because it's a rock bar.Now personally, I'm not a great fan of places like this, but I am willing to concede that it's nice to see a few pubs offering something a bit different without vastly inflating the prices.  These are very reasonable so other than the fact that it's on the wrong side of town for me and hardly a place you happen to pass, this is a great pub and I do love the way they've managed to generate an atmosphere that breaks from the trend of being oldy worldy.  Even though it's not my type of pub, I'm still able to appreciate its unique charm.
4	Another addition to the rock pub contingent in Edinburgh, the Black Bull is small dingy and dirty. A perfect rock bar. The jukebox has got some rocking choons (sorry) and they are blared out over the whole bar. The inside is pretty small, with a few little nooks and crannies to hide in. The ceiling is really low, making it feel a bit cramped sometimes but generally it is ok. Before gigs at Studio 24 it's pretty rammed but everyone there is normally cool, and it's not an intimidating atmosphere.The drinks are really cheap for he centre of town, and they have a different selection from the standard Tennents etc, leaning more towards American beers. The bar staff are all cool, and it's a good place for a different pub atmosphere than most in the centre of town.
4	A guy walks into a bar and asks for ten shots of bourbon. The bartender sets him up, and the guy takes the first shot in the row and pours it on the floor. He then takes the last one in the and does the same. The bartender asks him, "Why did you do that?" And the guy replies, " Well the first shot always tastes like crap, and the last one always makes me sick!"Yes it's dingy.Yes the bathroom smells.Yes they serve Bud.that's why I like it - except for the Bud.sometimes what you want is a cool little place for a pint without spending too much.  Or sometimes as a bourbon loving American I want a taste of my home spirit. They have both here - and good rock and roll on the right night.And for those that want the watery beer we send your way (like Bud), they even have that too.Myself, I'll take a Tennents.
4	The Bull, as it is often referred is a rock bar with a love of Americana but don't let that put you off. The drinks here are a reasonable price, and there is a good range of beer, though nothing hand-pulled. There tends to be an offer to double up your spirit and normally a few other deals and it offers a great selection of bourbon if that is your thing. There is a pool table and a jukebox, possibly the best rock jukebox in Edinburgh. While the bar is very much the standard dark wood variety the place has a good ambience and a friendly (though long-haired/tattooed) crowd.This is a good pub and a good rock bar, so kick back listen to those guitars and drums and enjoy a few brews.
5	Very simple mantra. All is well, you're in The Bull. Great music, cheap ish booze, great atmosphere. What more does your average metalhead want? While I was there, the music veered from Soulfly, to Pantera, to Thunder, to Frankie Miller, to Metallica and all the way back again. Very few places would carry that off.Now, if I could just get on the pool table...
4	A small old pub, with the kind of atmosphere and ambience you would want from an Edinburgh pub.  This has to be up there as being one of my favourite Edinburgh pubs.  The music is great, lots of contemporary and classic Rock songs.  Popular with tourists and back packers alike. I had a Polish Gentleman buy me a shot of vodka for no reason, but unfortunately was a struggle to keep down following the entourage of cider and Jagerbombs!!!Prices are decent for the City Centre and I will definitely be returning on my next visit.  Having grown up in Edinburgh and since moved away, it was always a place I happened to miss or walk past? Not anymore. It's also located on the road made famous by Trainspotting where Rents is running from the security guards after robbing John Menzies and almost gets hit by a car.  Good movie.   Classic building just a minutes walk from Waverley Station, opposite St James Centre the Omni Centre.Check it out!
5	Cool place. Cool peeps. Cool doorman. :)
