3	I hate to open up a business listing with a mediocre review, but so it goes. Luang Prabang dishes up inexpensive Thai food in large portions, and that ultimately means shortcuts. Consistent with that expectation, my dish was pretty forgettable. Friendly service, low prices, and a smile could not make up for chopped rice noodles in red curry paste dressed up to look like Pad Thai.
4	AVOCADO SPRING ROLL. For $2.50 it's a steal that you get essentially a large burrito of avocado-y, cabbage-y, spicy, peanut saucy goodness with mint and noodles bundled in a rice wrapper. This is my go-to grab on Library Mall for something veggie-filled and cheap on the go. Sometimes I go over there just for the spring roll actually.
5	How can you not like this food cart? The cook here is the friendliest among all the food carts at Library Mall, and every single person I watched ordering here know Kai by name and obviously, she knew them by name too. Food - cheap and large portions. Haven't found anything I do not like here, but I usually order the same few favorites.(Monday special) Laotian sausage. The sausage and the sticky rice is the perfect combination, you just keep going back. Khao Moo Deng - pork with fried sticky rice and super tasty avocado salad. Really good. The pork is like chinese BBQ pork (Char siew), and tender and great flavor. I'm not sure what they put in the sticky rice, but its brown instead of white and so much tastier!Mango sticky rice - mangos are always sweet. Rice, the last time I had it, was more like a pudding, but still tasty sweet and sticky like you would want it.Avocado spring roll - favorite among most people I watched ordering, and you can request for not ordering certain things in there.Pad Thai - very very very tasty. the best you can get in Madison. I love the food cart so much, I will brave the Bascom Hill back and forth just so I can get some tasty Thai food. Good service, good food, cheap and large portions - what more can you ask for?
4	No use repeating what's already been said, yet I'll do it anyway!Avocado Spring Roll. Get it. Only $2.50? Get 2? OK!Huge. Delicious. Avocado-y. Avocado makes everything better.
5	Super nice! I go downtown just to eat here. The pad thai is awesome, u can get it super spicy. Spring rolls are great and inexpensive.
2	The pad thai is usually my go-to dish when benchmarking a Thai restaurant (or in this case, food cart), and I am sad to say that the Luang Prabang pad thai is extremely underwhelming.Although the flavor was okay, the noodles were overcooked, resulting in sad, limp clumps at the bottom of my take-out box. The chicken was also way too dry. The only real thing that Lunag Prabang has going for it is their prices, which undercuts their competitors by $2-3 per entree. I may be back on a whim to try out the avocado spring roll, but that remains to be seen.
5	Love this cart, I go at least once a week, so they know me and I don't even need to order..they already know what I always get.  The Squash Curry dish is great, and it is only $7.00.  The service is quick and friendly too!  The avocado spring rolls are also very good.  Highly recommend.
