4	I've been to many a Mimi.  I've yet to be disappointed at any of them, this location is no exception.  Took my daughter and sis for brunch.  I had the cajun chicken sausage and eggs with a pumpkin muffin.  it comes with a glass of oj - cost $9.50 .  it's actually a good deal considering the OJ - do you see what they charge for a glass of OJ at Denny's - holy cow ! Though i gotta admit, the sausage sure tasted like something i bought at trader joes a few months ago.sis' eggs benedict - just ok - ham slice too thick and a little too salty.  not enough hollandaise sauce.Daughters chicken pesto ciabatta - big sammie - love  the pesto !i tell ya one thing - the location is a little odd - at the far end of this huge shopping center - and let me tell you, the access to the center sucks big time.
2	We ordered Shrimp and Chicken Fettucine and Dijon Salmon with salad and soup. Pea soup, salmon and regular salad was pretty good. The fettucine was so confusing, the taste was so mixed and the spice overpowered everything. It was not worth it. They have 3 seating areas - the bar, and 2 separate large seating areas. We sat near the kitchen area, it was so dark and not very inviting. Our waitress was slow and was not paying attention at all. We arrived just past 5pm and it was not busy at all. Out table was filled with our started bread, salad, soup in addition to our main dish, she did not offered to put away anything. No iced tea refill offered, we waited forever to catch her attention to get our desert, it was so long that we just asked to wrap our desert to-go. It was not a good first experience at that branch. I hope next time will be better
4	Back when I was a meat eater, I adored their Quiche Lorraine. It was a good sized personal quiche served with seasonal fruit and the best bread I've had in a restaurant, yum yum! The prices were fantastic, portions are big enough to share if you don't have a huge appetite. I've been able to eat with my sister here for 14.00 or so, but we don't order drinks and we like to share. :) Altogether, I'd still go back to Mimi's.
4	I went there with my boyfriend after getting a massage & I actually wanted panera bread [am I allowed to say that? woops]. I went to a Mimi's cafe once in Cali about 8 years ago, so I remembered it being like a fancier Chilli's or Fridays. I was more than satisfied When I left Mimi's. I ordered the broccoli cheese soup, with the chicken jack ciabatta. The soup was rich & creamy, and the ciabatta was so big I ended up taking it home. I shared the strawberry banana shake with my boyfriend & the server [thanks Georgina!] ended up splitting the shake & put them in two smaller glasses.The decor in Mimi's is based off of New Orleans; they had plenty of paintings/frames of jazz artists, bourbon street & the chandelier/lighting was unique :) I wonder how busy it was this past Sunday for the Superbowl?! Anyway, I enjoyed my lunch & I will be back again!*only thing I don't like is the location, people in the Arroyo shopping center can barely see Mimi's cafe because it's at the very end of the shopping center. I believe they're still extending the center, so we'll see what happens. Best wishes Mimi's!
2	Came here with my boyfriend. We had a birthday coupon for ten dollars off. I ordered the shrimp artichoke dip and he ordered the Lemon Chicken (I don't remember the menu name of it). He also got strawberry lemonade and I got an iced latte.The lemon chicken was waaay too lemony. You might as well just save yourself some money and eat some lemons. It took away from the chicken taste completely. We ended up dipping the chicken into the shrimp artichoke dip and smothering it with the dip just to make it taste a little normal. The shrimp artichoke was okay, I wouldn't get it again though. The strawberry lemonade was waay too sweet and concentrated, it was gross. The iced latte was pretty good though, it came in a tall glass and looked pretty fancy. The meal also came with a basket of assorted bread. That was probably the only food I actually enjoyed, but they didn't even let us finish it since they took the basket away. Who the hell does that?The service was bad. When the lady was taking our order I asked her questions about the coupon and asked what it was good for and I even showed it to her (you'd think she's get the picture that I had a coupon). Halfway through our meal the lady brought us our bill and she never even took the coupon that I had at the end of the table the entire time, so when she came around again I told her we had a coupon and she didn't even say anything, but she gave me a bad look as if I should've told her at the beginning WHICH I DID. THe whole time we were there the lady only came to our table to take our order then give us our bill, no in between service at all whatsoever. I don't think I'll be coming back to this location. I do like Mimis Cafe, just not this one.
3	My favorite thing about Mimi's is their bakery items, from the signature bread basket they bring you before your meal with slices of carrot bread and baguette (along with a cholesterol-free whipped spread) to the choice of muffins that come with certain meals and can also be ordered separately. Their muffin choices include carrot raisin nut, blueberry, buttermilk spice, and my favorite, honey bran.  These muffins are so good that I sometimes order a four-pack to go.Mimi's is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and offers an all-day breakfast menu.  It is by no means a health-oriented restaurant, although they do attempt to make some concessions to the health-conscious.  There is a "Fresh and Fit" menu, from which you can order egg-based dishes without the yolks, and a "Just Enough" menu, from which you can order entrees in more moderate portions.  The prices are affordable even on a student's budget.  A regular entree is lot of food, and after enjoying the breads from the signature bread basket and having some soup or salad, you should be taking home at least half of your entree for another meal -- unless you're a total glutton.  I couldn't find any indication that Mimi's uses chemical-free meats or meats from free-range animals, so I assume they don't -- which is no surprise because unfortunately that's the norm.  My last time there, I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Fettucini, which was not the healthiest of dishes in terms of calories or cholesterol, but it tasted all right.  My main complaint is that some of the chicken pieces contained tendons, but that's an issue with most tenderloins.Mimi's is popular with families and offers a wide range of dishes and a unique and interesting atmosphere.  I've been there a few times, and the service has always been adequate or better. Because of its bakery items, it's a good bet that I'll go there again -- especially since I got that breakfast coupon in the mail.
4	One phrase.  Carrot Raisin Bread = To Die For!The initial free bread basket they give out, comes with this bread.  Tip: before they bring that free bread basket out, ask for ALL CARROT RAISIN BREAD.  Best paired with butter and it is spectacular and super YUMMERS!As for the rest of the restaurant, all the food is pretty good.  I especially love the Italian selections of Asparagus Ravioli, and Chicken Parmesan.  The Asparagus Ravioli is definitely something different and pretty good!  The Chicken Parmesan is a HUGE dish and the chicken is breaded with an extremely crispy and yummy shell.  Their menu is pretty extensive with a number of selections to choose from and they have a special menu with special deals for $12.99 that include a soup, entree, a dessert, and an ice tea.  Pretty good huh?Setting is really nice, a great place to go eat with a friend, or group of your girlfriends.  I haven't brought the boyfriend yet, but plan to do soon!Go NOW!
4	I had not been to Mimi's in over a year. My sister wanted to go for lunch. We were greeted right away and taken to a table of our choice. Our server Jonathan was a charming young man. Very patient as we could not decide on what to have for lunch. I chose the corn chowder soup and the chicken piccata. They were both delicious. I had the soup as my sister recommended it. It was so good. I had never had it before. The chicken piccata was grilled and that was a nice change from the usual breaded or flour dredged. My sister had the quiche and soup and hers was great as well. No one was rushed us when we were done. it was a really enjoyable lunch.
3	This place was neither good or bad - food was ok...  Server was nice but kind of slow and it was dead on an early Saturday morning.  Also, they didn't have tomatoes!!!  The muffins made up for it :)It was okay but for the price, we could have gone to Cracked Egg down the street ...
2	I have been here a couple times before and had good experiences, but sadly this time was different.  Not only was the food barely edible, the service was worse.  I would have complained about the food if I could have found the server.  Maybe she knew it was crap and was avoiding me.  No need to avoid me now, I won't be returning.
3	I have always felt the price point at Mimi's is high for what you get.  Menu selections are average.  My wife loves this place, she would give it 4 stars, but unfortunately I am writing the review,
2	The last time I ate here was a few years ago so I don't quite remember the food... but I DO remember that it wasn't as bad as this last time I went. The only reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of just 1 is because of my waiter. He was extremely nice and asked a few times how we were. The reason I didn't complain about the food is because first of all, I hate complaining and second because he was so nice. BUT the food was TERRIBLE. I rarely say things are terrible but this was like hospital food. I ordered the mahi mahi. On the menu it was "mahi mahi in a butter capered sauce with fresh vegetables and rice". The mahi mahi was extremely bland, no sauce whatsoever, the vegetables looked like they came straight out of a frozen bag from the grocery store and there were only diced carrots and broccoli. The brown rice literally tasted like the 90 second steamed rice you get from Uncle Ben's.I want to say this again... I RARELY complain about food at a restaurant but this was absolutely terrible. I would have been happier just going to McDonalds. I think my dish was around $12.99... definitely not worth it!!! I will NOT be going here again.
4	We've been to Mimi's quite a few times by now and I think it's time to spit out a review.  First off, sign up for their emails because they have coupons just about every week.  Of course, coupons also show up in our newspapers too so we can't help but take advantage of their BOGO specials.One thing we both love are their house made crab cakes.  They serve them up in a few different ways - as an appetizer, benedict, and omelette.  We love them all!The Crab Cake Florentine Benedict is griddled with spinach, poached eggs, and lemon hollandaise sauce.  They serve this until noon, and it comes with red potatoes, freshly baked muffin and juice.  ($9.99)  This is my go to choice when I'm dining there.Another version is their Crab Cake Omelette.  It's a three egg omelette with red and green bell peppers and green onions.  The crab cakes sit on top of them, and they have hollandaise sauce, feta cheese, and diced tomatoes on top.  Also served with their potatoes, muffin and juice. ($9.99)We've also enjoyed their Crab Cake appetizer, which is also griddled and comes with a citrus remoulade and balsamic baby greens.The Husband also enjoyed their Asparagus and Brie Quiche, which also has bacon and tomatoes in it, and some fruit on the side.We mostly come around for brunch, so we can't say much about their dinner menu.  Service has been fine for us, we have no issues at all.  One thing we appreciate is that they have a sling for car seat carriers.  Love that!
4	Great service. Clam chowder is full of, wait for it, clams! Chicken pistachio salad is great. Who doesn't love the muffins? Sad today. No chocolate chip ones but the spice one was as good.
3	For a chain this place is not too bad. I honestly can't say they serve food that will blow you away... but for me it's always been consistent and ... ok! In my opinion it is the bakery items that make this place! I love the muffins and some of the breads are yumm-o!
3	I don't have a whole lot to contribute here, but thought I should write the review anyway.Just good standard quality food.  Much better than the chain diners, but I've yet to have anything that made me stop and think of a review description.In summary, if you want a good soup or sandwich, and there's a Mimi's nearby, you know you're safe.
3	I had the soup of the day and chicken crepes.  Not bad, but not awesome.
2	Too many old people and food is mediocre on its good days.
4	This place has pretty good food, decent prices and quantity. I had the patty melt, cooked med, it was cooked perfectly, the only prob was the rye bread was not grilled with butter, but toasted. The bread was dried out pretty good and almost like a crouton on the edges. Ceasar salad had good dressing, the fries were surprisingly good. One thing you can't miss is the dessert sampler trio for $4.99! I don't usually have dessert, but this was really good. You get a small dish of apple crisp, bread pudding, and a brownie with ice cream! My wife and shared it and it was enough for the two of us. Very tasty! Can't go wrong here. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We went on Valentines Day for lunch and had a coupon which said it was not good on holidays. I didn't consider Valentines Day a '"holiday"  such as Xmas or July 4th. The manager was very nice about the coupon and honored it with no problem. This is comfort food that is pretty good.
4	We wanted to try this place because we had a coupon. We haven't been here before. It was a nice place. The food was pretty good and the service was ok. We can't wait to come back again.
5	Always been a fan of this restaurant. Great Staff and excellent "bang for your buck". If you love home style cooking then this is a must for you.
2	I went to Mimi's for their French Onion soup. It has always been one of my favorites. I should have just had a bowl of it. Instead I also ordered their chicken pot pie. It was very bland and had no real flavor to it. It was also extremely hot  to the point that I didn't start eating it until my husband was almost done with his dinner  Needless to say I didn't eat the whole thing. Our waiter Serge was extremely slow and very impersonal.  I'm not sure but I think he was over the bar as well. The only reason I'm not giving just one star is that I really enjoy their French onion soup.
3	Everytime I come here, something is up with the service..We came in with a bogo entree coupon for breakfast and the lady said it's only valid if we ordered two drinks along with the entrees, so we did. We ordered an Arnold Palmer and coffee with our entrees (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/oL9NfHwn_U9EF81H5TYe3Q/l.jpg, http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/PwVbCmvVsMRma5j5jBGVrQ/l.jpg). Come to find out, the entrees COME WITH drinks. I was pretty pissed when the lady brought out all our drinks:http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/TxahazJeRnCWYERTNKgScA/l.jpg. Isn't that just ridiculous? It was just stupid and I'm annoyed with the waitress for not warning us about that. We basically didn't get anything for free and we just wasted a couple drinks. I will say that I had no complaints with the food, but the whole drink situation just really bothered me. The only plus side from our visit here were the free muffins we got from doing the telephone survey located on the receipt we got.
3	I haven't eaten here in a long time, my last experience was for dinner and wasn't that good, so we stopped going all together.I've been having cravings for their Pain Perdue (french toast filled with cream cheese and marmalade!) breakfast, so when I got the chance to chose a place to eat breakfast, I jumped on Mimi's.Unfortunately it wasn't as good as I had remembered. Service was a bit slow for a Tuesday morning and only about 3 other tables were occupied in the restaurant.My Pain Perdue was good but I feel the French toast could've been grilled more. My bacon was a bit under done as well. The scrambled eggs were fine. My meal was okay. My husband got the 5 Alarm Omelet...well it was 1 alarm at best, and a bit small in size. The potatoes were nicely seasoned and cooked nicely. He chose the Lemon Poppyseed muffin on the side, it was very heavy and dense, more like a pound cake. Very much lacking in lemon flavor also. Neither of us liked it.After 2 meals here that were nothing special, I doubt I'll be going back. Well maybe for some of their Carrot Cake:)
4	I went to the Arroyo Crossing location for lunch a while back and it was kind of slow inside. That was a win for me as they treated me like a king. The food was very good and the service was excellent.
4	Food is always great and the service is excellent!
5	I always like to come here with my parents because it is such a homey atmosphere.  We always get good service and i like pretty much everything ive tried here. My parents love to frequent mimis when they come to visit las vegas.
4	This location is very reliable if you want quick service with hot, fresh food.  I have never been disappointed while eating here for dinner.  The staff always seems eager to please.  My toddler sons love looking at all the items on the walls and the special kids platters they receive when we sit down are a huge hit (they include cheerios, fruits, etc.) - awesome!
3	So I came here the other day with my mother in law because I had a buy one get one free coupon and have been wanting to try this place out for a while now i hadn't been here in over 10 years. This was a tuff one to rate because I wanted to give it 4 stars but service is a big part of my critique and that was a miss big time! let me start from the beginning.So we walk in and notice its pretty busy the hostess writes down my name and says its gonna be a 5 minute wait well 10 minutes pass and we still haven't been called and we notice people who have came in after us are getting seated before us so i go up to the hostess (who is a different guy this time) and ask him when were going to be called he looks for my name but its not written down so we tell him we had been waiting there a while,I told him the other hostess supposedly wrote our names down and he said we would be sat next well we weren't anyways to make a long story store we finally got sat! Apparently being a hostess at Mimis is rocket science and these guys failed. Ok moving on the waitress was very friendly approaches us right away we both wanted a mimosa and the waitress suggested we do the mimosa flight which was only 25 cents more I believe and included a bottle of  champagne (each) and 3 different glasses to mix it with strawberry lemonade, orange juice, or cranberry we ordered it why not for only 25 cents more! We ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer they were good not great but good my moms recipe is way better. I ordered the french toast with eggs and sausage the french toast wasn't anything special and the eggs  were actually brown on the bottom they were burnt! the sausage was good though. My mother in law ordered an omelet which came with a pumpkin muffin she said the muffin was ok and the omelet was good. Now onto the service I wasn't impressed with the service its as if we were forgotten about once she set down the food I don't recall her returning until she dropped the check off (which luckily for her I didn't mind it because I was having a good conversation with my mother in law and enjoying being out... fyi I use to be a server I know what good and bad service is she wasn't that great so between her, the hostess and the "ok" food I'm giving this place 3 stars. I truly enjoyed my time here though only because of the great company and mimosas.
2	I don't like chain restaurants because they almost always disappoint. The food is bland and tastes prepackaged and/or overly salty, the portions are strange (either way too much or hardly enough french fries to cover the plate) and the service isn't the best. Mimi's is no exception. My girlfriend and my friend and I came here around lunch time on a Saturday afternoon because it is close to my house and none of us felt like driving very far. I immediately regretted the decision once I started looking at the menu and watching the food travel through the hands of the waiters in our section. My girlfriend ordered cinnamon french toast. It was dry and took too much effort to chew and eat. My friend ordered some type of eggs benedict. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with fries and a cup of tomato soup. You can't really mess up a grilled cheese sandwich, right? That's what I thought. Yet, somehow, they were able to make it taste bland and dry. The fries were okay, but I only received about a handful of them. The waiters and chef see the plates before they are taken out to the tables, right? They can tell the plate looks like it was thrown together by a three year old, right? Awful.  The tomato soup is the only thing worth talking about because it is pretty consistently good. And it is probably the only thing on the menu that is consistently good and the only reason why this review gets more than one star. It is also the only reason I was able to enjoy my grilled cheese sandwich (dipping - yum!)Another thing that really bothers me: waiters who are obviously trying to sell you something. We said we didn't want any drinks. You don't have to tell me or ask me 4 more times if I want to try the new mimosas.  I already ordered a diet soda and a water. And I already said no - politely. Please don't make me feel like I'm walking through a used car lot on President's Day. And I'm usually not extremely critical of service... but seriously, guy? And to top it off, the service was extremely slow.Every time I go to a chain restaurant, I regret it. Never again. And honestly, guys, with so many other mom and pop-type places opening up, spending $10-20/person at Mimi's really isn't worth it. Make them step their game up before you eat here!
1	We came here for Thanksgiving and have never been treated so poorly. The manager was in way over her head and had no control over the service or restaurant. Apparently reservations don't mean anything. A tip for all, skip this place or you'll wait to eat until 9pm when you have a reservation at 6:45.
2	Wasn't pleased with this place at all. I've been to a few Mimi's cafe and maybe it's just this location, I'm not sure. Brought my sister here cause she's never been to a Mimi's Cafe before. I don't think she'll ever be going to one again.My sister got the lunch deal, I got the Chicken Alfredo with the side of Corn Chowder and we also got the trio appetizier. The appetizer wasn't great at all. I've had better fried zuchinni sticks and the spinach artichoke dip wasn't smooth. You literally use a fork to pick apart the dip. My order that was brought out to me was wrong but it didnt dawn on me till after I started eating it. I was like wait, I ordered Chicken Alfredo Fettucinni and I got some rigatoni dish. Service was great but all in all, was quite dissappointed in the food. We walked out with a $45 bill and we figured, we would've been better off paying for expensive food at Sammy's Woodfire Pizza (they never dissappoint).
5	Lunch specials! Half sandwich and soup. Perfect size portions and fantastic prices. Plus.... carrot cake loaf here is A-MAZING. Ask for bread at the table and get a few pieces and then buy one to go (2.99) you won't regret it. Had the tuna sandwich with french onion soup.... awesome lunch and didn't break the bank. Great service, really can't complain!This location is a bit hidden in the back of this complex but it is comfortable and absolutely worth a lunch visit.
3	Service started VERY SLOW. We waited over 10 minutes to get any service after being seated. Finally got some help and of course by that time we had more they enough time and already knew what were going to order. I've had a huge hankering for a Bloody Mary and remembered that they had a decent one so I ordered one of their Bloody Mary's. It was YUM! And that was the only good part of the meal and our experience. My husband ordered the Monterey chicken thing with chicken noodle soup and I got the Monterrey chicken burger with fries and corn chowder. Bacon on the side, which I had to ask to get again cause they forgot it at first. My burger was suppose to come with a pesto aioli. And it did not. Disappointing. Only came with mayo. Sad. Chicken although was tasty. Corn chowder, yum. My husband was not impressed. So half and half. I mean its Mimi's Cafe so it is what it is. Blood Mary and the corn chowder, yes please try them. And the bread pudding too, Yum! Don't hold your breathe about the service though.
2	We went in search of a Saturday morning breakfast and landed here. My last few experience here (for dinners) were less than wonderful but I had good memories of the baked goods so thought it would be a good breakfast spot. We were early (8:30a) so our service was great, our coffee never ran low. I ordered the crab cake Benedict and was disappointed. The spinach was not seasoned at all and the small drip of hollandaise sauce was lumpy; the seasoned potatoes were bland. My boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash (one of his favorites for breakfast) the corned beef was clearly not fresh-made and came out as a slab of beef. The highlight of our breakfast was the apple streusel muffin that came with his breakfast. It was hot and gooey and we both really liked it. Sadly the muffin and service do not make up for the rest of the mediocre breakfast and we will not be returning.
2	First time here and it was like Denny's meets fine dining. This isn't an "eaters" paradise, small pricey portions and in my opinion the food was just ok.This will never be a place of choice for me!
4	I love love love the food here but I only gave it four stars because I don't like the new changes...... Prices have gone up and they have skimped down on thier kids menu.  They totally eliminated the kids "dirt cup"  which my kids LOVED and was the only reason they were always wanting to go there.
4	Special combination prices on the menu, get two or three courses for one price. You can order a soup or salad and an entree and if you go for the three course a dessert. I ordered the two course with tomato bisque soup and chicken crepes.  I absolutely love the tomato bisque soup! They let you buy it by the quart if you want for an extra $5.  The crepes were a light and blanketed the grilled chicken and spinach with wonderful flavor.  It also comes with a salad, so the meal was complete for me, no dessert necessary.Good service, great food, good deals!
4	Great muffins. Service could be better. Unfortunately had to remind server twice to bring a cup of coffee. Service is usually good. Great place for breakfast
3	Had a nice dinner. Food tasted good and service was good.
1	Went there this evening at 6 30 to take advantage of their anniversary specials.  French dips and onion soup at 1978 prices.  First, we sat for over 10 minues before anyone came over to our table.  Then we told the waiter we would like the french dips and onion soup.  Sorry he replied, no french dips.  What?  this was an advertised special and it was only 6 30 pm and they don't have them.  Absolutely poor planning on their part and they really should have offered a subsitute or raincheck.  Neither would be had.  Although they had the soup it was awful.  Almost raw onions, not much cheese and the broth was a very light golden color not the usual deep rich brown.  Just a horrible dining experience.  I don't know if I will ever go back.
4	I had previously wrote a review at it was not very good.  Subsequently, I had spoken with the district manager and explained my visit.  He was very apologetic and said they never should have run out of their specials and that the manager should have offered a substitution.  additionally, he had sent me a $20 gift card and wanted us to come back.  We did come back and the burger and french dip were delicious, and in our to go order, we got the carrot and apple strusel muffins, which both are delicious. So here is a business that listens to customers dissatisfaction and made it right.  I sincerely appreciate their efforts.
5	The carrot raisin muffins alone are deserving of the 5 stars.  This trip the hubby had the chicken pot pie and I had the Quiche Lorraine.  Pot pie was flaky and comforting.  Quiche was fluffy and not dense, just the way I like it.  The food is always good here.  I also had an iced coffee and it was perfect.  Service is 10x better here than the Mimi's Cafe on Sahara.  I took my cousin to the Mimi's on Sahara about a month ago and the waiter acted like he had never heard of an "iced coffee".  My cousin had to literally tell him to give her a coffee with ice.
4	Pizza was ok, the fingers though are great!Prices are reasonable, if your in the area I'd say its a safe bet for a good meal.
4	I did a work catering order a couple of months ago with this Mimi's and had such a great experience the hubby and I decided to try it for breakfast a couple of weeks ago! What a difference a couple of years makes!  Everything was fresh and delicious with friendly service throughout.  I love their egg white omelettes!  Bloody Mary was very tasty too!  We will be back very soon!
4	Oh Mimi's Cafe! How you never let us down?!This store is in the same section of the arroyo crossings center as chilis, party city&bahama bucks!My boyfriend and I have lived up the street from this local favorite for 3 years. We haven't been in a few months because we kept going 2x a week so there was a Mimi's overload. My favorite is lunch, it's quick and includes a cup of soup or a side salad alongside your meal. The lunch menu pretty much has gourmet sandwiches ready in a matter of minutes for those on a quick lunch. Breakfast muffins are always amazing too!Keep a lookout for coupons in the mail. Sometimes they're really worth it. 15 off 30 bucks That's what I'm talkin about!!Service is always very fast and friendly. Haven't been in awhile but they never fail us.
2	What is going on with Mimi's?  Is it because they have a new mega-restaurant chain owner now?  The menu is very different from the old, multi-page full of goodies menu.  Supposedly they are trying to be more "French" now instead of Louisiana-inspired.  The new potato gratin based eggs benedict was good and fresh and the quiche Lorraine my sis ordered was still the same--yummy, cheesy and filled with bacon.  The fruit sides were pitiful, hard pieces of unripe fruit.  They don't offer muffins or quick breads vs fruit sides anymore, you need to order them ala carte.  When I mentioned to the MOD, Luis, that the only reason I wanted to bring my sis to this place is they don't have a Mimi's in Hawaii and I was a cheerleader for their food, especially the lovely sized meals and the hot muffins.  So sad that things have changed, and not necessarily for the better.  Thank you for the service, Luis (and server), but I am still dropping a measly 2 stars on this experience because of the menu change, the freezing temps in the dining area (which patrons applauded when the fan stopped blowing, that's how cold it was), and the fact that the entire dish wasn't good enough for more praise.  I did the survey online to share my thoughts on the changes, but doubt that I'll use the $5 coupon to come back.  There are way too many other awesome options for breakfast and brunch in Vegas.
4	I really like this Mimi's, it seems nicer than the one we used to frequent in/near Summerlin. Very friendly staff, clean amenities, and the food is about what I would expect for the prices. My husband hates the coffee here, other than that, it's all good!
4	I was in Las Vegas visiting my mom for Christmas and we had lunch here one day.  The place was not busy so we were seated right away.  It did take awhile for our waitress to come over to take our order but it was not too long and she did stop at some point to say she would be right there.  I started with the corn chowder.  Its my favorite soup there and it was good like other Mimi's.  I then had the turkey and brie croissant sandwich with fries.  My mom had half a grilled cheese sandwich with the tomato basil soup.  Both of us enjoyed our meals.  On my sandwich, the brie was nicely melted.  Crisp apple too.  My mom's tomato soup was tasty - tasted like spaghetti sauce.  Other than the slow waitress, we enjoyed our meal here and will be back.
2	The last few times I have been here the food is meh. I use to really like Mimi's but I am giving up on it for awhile.
5	Had brunch here today and was extremely surprised.  The menu was simple and everything looked very appetizing.  The food is especially good for those who are looking to eat a little healthier and clean. When our food came out it was indeed delicious and I was very happy with my decision. The service was great and the waiter was very attentive.  Overall I was very pleased with Mimi's Cafe and I would definitely go back again and try their breakfast specials.  A must go if you are in the neighborhood.
4	My mom and I had lunch here recently and we enjoyed our meal as usual.  We typically are not disappointed at Mimi's.  I had the salad & soup duet with the corn chowder and the fall harvest salad.  It also came with a muffin and I had the carrot raisin muffin.  Everything was very tasty.  I really liked the mustard vinaigrette on the salad.  The soup was warm, chunky and tasty.  Its my favorite soup they offer.  My mom had the half sandwich & soup duet with grilled cheese and onion soup.  She enjoyed the soup but thought the sandwich was a bit mushy.  It could have been a bit crisper but she did like the taste.  I am sure we will be back.
4	Great food! I was looking for another place to go for breakfast besides dennys or ihop.. And tried Mimis and it was good! Food tasted great.. Not too pricey.. And the decor was easing! Had a good time
1	Why did Mimi's take all the good meals off the menu. No steak & eggs! No Santa Fe omelette!. Their new potatoes have no flavor.
3	Mimi's Cafe did in fact update their menu to include a more French aspect. Is this bad? Not at all. Their dinner menu used to be filled with non-exciting and bland American dishes such as a tasteless pot roast that was drowning in gravy and dry meatloaf that tasted like flavorless ground beef. The new menu is more adventurous, and it matches Mimi's decor and atmosphere. Tonight, I feasted on Carbonara a la Mimi's with an appetizer of French Onion soup. Let's start with the soup - Meh. The cheese was melted and stringy, just the way I like it. The soup itself was a bit salty and had the consistency of gravy. I did like the small, toasted piece of baguette that was hiding under the cheese. All in all, I don't think I'll be ordering the French Onion soup any time soon. The Carbonara a la Mimi's was tasty. It had thick chunks of prosciutto and a generous helping of peas. The sauce was mixed-in and wasn't too heavy, and the noodles were cooked al dente.The entire meal was nothing to write home about, but with their updated and exciting menu, I'll definitely be back to try other French inspired cuisine!
1	2 of us went to lunch here last friday, and had a bad experience. To start we were seated at a table that was dirty. Our waitress was horrible, the meatloaf dinner my  friend ordered was cold. Our waitress never checked back with us once we got our food. I ordered ice tea to drink but never got a refill. The place was not even that busy. Good bye Mimi's there are plenty of other restaurants in Las Vegas. And I thought they used to bring you a basket of carrot raisin bread? Never got that either.
2	At first, we had to wait to sit in a booth, which wasn't a big deal. Then, we had to wait for our server to come over and get our drinks. Considering this was during a slow lunch, waiting 10 minutes for the server to come over and introduce herself was a bit ridiculous. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer, which comes with a tomato sauce on the side. When we finally got our appetizer, there was no sauce. I asked the waitress (who I will not name) if it came with the marinara sauce. She gave us a curt, "no, it's not served with anything." And then asked if we would like ranch to dip the calamari in. I grabbed a menu, just to make sure that I hadn't read anything wrong, and sure enough it says that the calamari was served with a warm pomodoro sauce. I got another waiter's attention to get the sauce (after ours ignored my attempts to get her attention), and our waitress got very snotty and butted in. All we wanted was the sauce that was served with our appetizer... The salads we ordered were good, and after we got a little rude with the waitress, she spent the rest of our meal trying to make up for her rudeness. I will not be returning to this location.
