5	Mary Ann Martin has just moved to Luxe Salon Studios.Mary Ann has over 30 years of Vidal Sassoon training and provides professional hair styling services at a reasonable price.Men, if you want to get away from clippers, and have your hair actually cut by a professional, you won't be sad the next day; when you look at your old cheap clipper cut and wonder why you can't find someone to professionally cut your hair.My wife uses Mary Ann for cut, coloring and styling which Mary Ann provides as well, but men you need to give Mary Ann a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Maria shampooed my natural hair when she was @ Sola salons.  She's @ Luxe now and recently straightened my hair.  My flat-ironed (natural) hair held its style for an entire week with absolutely no heat.  Did I say its the first time my hair had been straightened in almost a year?  Well it was.For anyone who is on a natural journey, Maria is the one to go to.  She is well versed in proper care for natural hair.  Whether you are rocking the natural state of your hair or straightening it, Maria will hook you up and at the same time insure that your tresses are healthy.
5	I followed my hair stylist, Bianca Putnam, from Platinum Hair Studios on Craig. Bianca is a sweet gal from the South, and I love her friendly personality. She's super easy to talk to, which is a must since I'm usually stuck in her chair for at least 2+ hours. Bianca has been my stylist for at least 3 years - luckily I found her soon after I moved to Vegas! I was tired of hairstylists who beat the crap out my head when I came in to get a new hairdo. I mean, some people will just yank and tear through knots without realizing that your hair is attached to your head = Not fun. I immediately liked Bianca because she was super gentle and concerned about how comfortable I was. Is the water temperature okay? Will it hurt if I touch you ear? (I have an industrial bar). She gently combs through hair to make it a pain-free experience!  I'm pretty picky when it comes to my hair, but who isn't? I'm always happy when I leave Bianca. Plus, she actually STYLES may hair after I'm all done. Most stylists, in my experience, just do a quick blow out and then are done. The result is that I have to go home and do my hair for reals. Bianca actually asks how you want your hair styled afterwards. Legit.Another plus - Upon request, Bianca sends out texts to her clients alerting them of specials she's offering. I took advantage of one of these specials the last time I got my hair done. I dyed my hair black with copper highlights, got it cut and styled, and the total came to $139 before tip. Pretty reasonable :)
