3	In the Harris Teeter shopping center adjacent to Sun City Carolina Lakes construction is complete. There has been a great spirit of anticipation that this pan-Asian bistro is coming to town and today, May 15th it opened.Red Bowl is well known in the greater Charlotte area for the varieties and quality of food, so having one adjacent to Sun City will surely make this new location a success.Wife and I went for lunch and will go again tonight for dinner.  Wait staff, as expected, was a bit slow and confuses, but if you look at the ENORMOUS menu that is excusable.  They did OK.The food was just fine.  We sampled a won ton soup, pork fried rice and walnut shrimp and they were as advertized and were good.  Will check out more as time goes on.If you have not tried Red Bowl, please do so as they offer a superb variety all under one roof.
3	I got a chance to try Red Bowl yesterday evening for take out.  We checked them out online first and decided to go to the restaurant to place the order this first time. They just recently opened so things were a bit hectic and there were tons of people waiting.  Being that this location is right next to Sun City there were plenty of people there as well as other "locals" who were no doubt excited for a decent restaurant to make it's entrance into this heavily growing area.First impressions were that they did a nice job on the inside, there is a nice bar with very friendly bartenders.  While waiting for my food they hooked me and my daughter up with cold beverages.  Be warned, as Mitch said this menu is like War & Peace there are SO many choices.....Create your own Stir Fry, Thai Dishes, Chinese Dishes, Sushi, Bento Boxes it will blow you away.  I placed the order and, since it's new there was some confusion as to my special request but it was all worked out.  Wait time of 15 minutes for the food.My wife got the Spicy Red Thai Curry (Add basil which was the confusing part).  The portion size was huge and the dish was very tasty.  Nice and spicy like she likes it.  I had the Beef Chow Fun, which were al dente strips of wide rice noodles and large strips of beef.  I enjoyed it.  My daughter had the kids Chicken and Broccoli (sauce on side) which was $3.95 and a tremendous value.  One complaint is that they stapled her to go container shut.  I get why they did it, but that is a huge no - no and very dangerous!!!All in all, I will be back if nothing else to try the sushi.  Great value, kid friendly which will mix well with the Sun City crowd.  Since this is in such a restaurant poor area this location will do well as long as they keep up the quality and service.
1	Ive eaten at this location 5 times of which the last 3  since moving here from KC. The first last August on vaca here was awesome with great food with a short wait and one of the best waitresses we've had!  The next visit was last November while we were looking for a house here where it was still  great with friendly wait staff but the food wasn't as good as the first time but was still very good.  However, we have moved here now and have been back three times since mid Dec.  Very convenient on Sundays.  Gradually and regrettably the last 3 have gotten progressively worse.  Food quality and consistency as well as trained wait staff have both suffered. Staff is still trying and polite but seemed to lack training and leadership from the management. The last visit today, the Pad Thai (which I love) was bland, overcooked noodles and the shrimp smelled and tasted funny to me (almost tainted).   I told the obviously new waiter and asked to order something else of which he gave me the courtesy of.  BUT, the manager came over afterward to inquire and I explained as nicely as I could. He then scolded me for expecting to get an exchange dish for free after sending the first back because I must have ordered something I just didn't like and there was nothing wrong with his food. He announced that he would let it go this time but in the future if I ordered something I didnt simply "like" he would charge me for the inferior dish and be happy to sell me another dish if I'd like to try something else. He got on to the waiter (I did see him do the same thing to a different young waiter over another customer the last time we visited) and told my waiter he was paying for the bad Pad Thai dish that I returned.  I wasn't going to let this happen as the Rookie did the right thing. I paid for the bill ($24) and gave my waiter a $14 tip to cover him and the dish he said he would be charged for. That seemed ridiculous to me, poor kid was trying to do the right thing.  I don't ask for anything free and offered to pay for the Pad Thai to the manager, which was when he told me he'd "let it go" this time.  Really? My 16 year old was so embarrassed by his rude behavior that she doesn't want to go to that location again.  Just thought I'd offer my experiences. If you go I wish you better luck with the manager than I had:-)  Bon Appetit.I'm 47 years old by the way and was there with my 3 daughters.
3	This restaurant, located basically in my back yard, is making my Yelper mind crazy.  It is terribly inconsistent from visit to visit.  My basic 2-star rating still holds true, but recently we had a very positive dinner with three other couples which was just fine.Conclusion:  like buying a British car, it depends on when it is made, what day and time of day and if there is not a soccer championship or other event going on at the same time.  What that means is that at this Red Bowl it totally depends on who is working the kitchen.Won Ton soup was golden yellow chicken broth which tasted like chicken broth.  The won tons were not their usual storage systems for sage, but were lightly seasoned, delicious and cooked through.Although I had planned to just have some appetizers I did maintain loyalty to Yelp! by ordering a meal.  I had the vegetable spring rolls and black pepper chicken.  Wife had green chicken curry.Spring rolls were perfect, accompanied by horseradish and plum sauces.  My black pepper chicken was delicious, full of pepper and cooked spicy and nicely.  Rice was fresh, not gummy or burned.  Green curry also flavorful and although not as good as Thai-made, was OK.Both wife and I were as pleasantly surprised as we were stunned.There might be hope here, but I will need to be dragged there to give it another reluctant try.  Wonder if I can find out which crew cooked this time and ask when they will be in kitchen again?    Hummmmmmm...
5	Our waitress was great and didn't bat at an eye at several special requests due to children and my crazy (no sugar, no grains) way of eating. The sashimi was delicious and I loved the seaweed salad. I would try Red Bowl again!
1	The owner is incredibly rude and not a nice personality. My server was good and food was greqt..in spite of its location next to work I do jot want to return for how the owner treated me. And I witnessed him prohibiting an easy substitution requested by anothwr customer. ..who she and another guest walked out following this. Menu even suggests willingness to provide menu requests and substitution.  It is too bad the owner has such a foul personality and doesnt respect his customers.
1	The servers and food are fine! The owner on the other hand has no business in this business! He was rude to my coworker when she asked for help with the wi-fi and then I asked for a substitution! Oh my goodness you'd think I asked for a kidney! I offered to pay an up charge or something but he said I'd have to get what I didn't want and buy the other item(spring roll versus summer roll not a huge difference)!  I don't eat the fried items and didn't want to waste the extra food! The biggest problem is that we work in the same shopping center and have 100 office employees here that go at least three times a week and I myself go  about 3 times a week! $0.45 is worth losing loyal customers? I will not return and neither will my co-workers!!!
