5	Dutchman's Hideout is an addition built within the space available in the Mining Camp Restaurant.  They have a very welcoming atmosphere and a very warm decor.  Their menu is very good and the prices are excellent.  The food is well prepared and worth the trip.  They have their own baking facilities so all of the bread products are fresh.  The dynamite shrimp is an excellent start and I recommend the bread pudding to finish.  Good luck having room for both.For the meals, I have had the burger, the NY strip and the ribs.  All are on par with any of these that you can get throughout the valley.
4	Somebody tell the Dutchman that he no longer needs to hide out.  This place is the quintessential Arizona that I envisioned as a small kid in Utah.  Great western atmosphere with a western menu that is enhanced with some modern garnishes.  Well worth the drive.
4	Good food, friendly people. We like the Gold Strike Burger -- we get it almost every time. Also try the shrimp appetizer and the bread pudding dessert. Appetizer and dessert, plus a Kiltlifter Beer or two, is sometimes all you need. The only sad thing is, because they are a bit off the beaten track, they will have to close for the summer, until November. We will miss them until then.
4	Real good, mesquite grilled steaks, burgers, chicken ect. in a rustic, yet clean setting.  Fair prices, decent selection, the service was excellent. Its only about 7 minutes off of the US 60 (take the Idaho exit, not Tomahawk) .  If you want a different atmosphere, give it a try, you wont be disappointed. Only down side is that It is a snowbird mecca
4	Visited last week, first time eating in the off-the-menu Dutchman's Hideout. Brought visitors from Ohio after visiting Goldfield Ghost Town. We had steaks and burgers, and they were extremely good- we really enjoyed them! Service was nice and polite but a little slow. All and all a very nice experience- and will return.
5	Less popularly,Ordered the trout and theLocal beer. I win.
4	Hearty portions and friendly service are the stars at The Dutchman's Hideout. While the Mining Camp Restaurant next door is a more casual atmosphere, with benches and paper towels at the table, The Dutchman's Hideout is a little more upscale, without sacrificing any of the down-home feeling. I came here as a large party with a semi pre-set menu. We had a few options to choose from in our 3 course meal, and I ultimately chose the soup of the day, top sirloin, and creme brulee.We started our meal with some warm herb rolls. They were soft, and tasted great. I was surprised when the soup (Clam chowder) came out, since it was served in a gigantic bowl that could have been an entree due to its size! The soup itself was piping hot, filled with large chunks of clam and potato. The top sirloin had a deep, "beefy" flavor from high quality meat, and had a smokey grilled flavor from cooking. I requested it medium, but it came out as more of a medium-well. It came with some buttery smooth mashed potatoes mixed with some cabbage, and grilled corn, both excellent.The dessert was the perfect end to the meal. The creme brulee had that nice crisp caramelized sugar layer, with creamy custard underneath. I also tried some of the brownie, which was a hefty piece topped with a huge mound of vanilla ice cream. Service was warm and friendly.Overall, a good place to eat if you're in the AJ area.
5	The most amazing pulled pork sandwich. The best I have EVER had. Better than Joes!  By far!  My SIL's ordered the prime rib sandwich and were in HEAVEN.
5	So yummy!  I had the pulled pork with sweet potato fries and stole some of the best mashed potatoes ever from my hubby's plate.  Service was super accommodating and friendly.  I got an off the menu mimosa and was offered a side of BBQ with the sandwich.  In addition to the cozy decor and amazing views, the food was phenomenal!  Will definitely be back, just wish they had brunch!
4	My family and I love this place!!!   We live about 7 mins away and is our go to for a great meal and even better service! Anna and Don make this place!!!
4	Great food and service. I really like the beef ribs and took home half of them. My wife had the pork chop and she said it was fantastic. Don the waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and did a great job. Chef came out to see if everything was okWe will be back and next time we will come for the diner show
4	Dutchman's Hide Out is the best & my first choice every time.they have good food nice amosphere little bit pricy but any way overall its cool.would be back soon,
