3	This Subway was actually pretty clean and well-stocked in soda and chips.  My footlong was, unlike on the Strip, actually $5.   It had fresh ingredients and a polite staff, so that's points for any Subway!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS SUBWAY!!!!!!!!I walked into the Subway at about 12:30 and waited in line.  When it was my turn, I ordered  a footlong BLT on herb cheese bread and a footlong meatball and pepperoni on Italian (their monthly special).  "We ain't got no meatball" the man behind the counter said in a mumble.  He had to repeat it a second time for me to understand him.  I then ordered a cold cut combo and requested that both be toasted.  The Mumbler put my bread in the toaster and then went on to the next customer.  As he was preparing the sandwich of the customer behind me, he reached over the sandwich that his co-worker was preparing for the customer in front of me and literally put his armpit in her sandwich in spite of his co-worker's futile attempt to protect the sandwich.  So the customer behind me paid and left and the customer in front of me had left and my bread had now been sitting in the toaster waiting, as was I, for the two people making sandwiches to finish with people BEHIND me.  Now it was finally my turn.  I had to explain the order again as The Mumbler had moved on to someone else.  Did I want my bacon heated?  As it looked almost raw, yes I did.  Then I had to wait again.  Why didn't The Mumbler put it in the toaster while the bread was toasting?  Two more customers behind me paid and left the restaurant.  The microwave dinged, but by now the woman behind the counter was helping The Mumbler as he seemed to be falling behind.  The bacon sat ignored in the microwave for at least two minutes.Finally, we have the bread and the hot bacon. Three times while I was requesting the vegetables/ condiments, the woman behind the counter stopped helping me to help a co-worker, refill the napkin dispenser, and take another customers money (a customer in line behind me).  Two more customers behind me paid and left.  Then two more workers, one of which appeared to be the manager, came out of a back room and just watched the long line of customers!  Neither of them tried to help and then they both disappeared out of sight again into the back of the restaurant.35 minutes after I walked into the Subway, I walked out with two footlong sandwiches and returned to work.  I gave my co-worker her sandwich and went to my desk.  That is when I realized that the bread and cheese had gotten mixed up on the orders.  Then my co-worker said that she had the wrong sandwich.  The woman behind the counter had given me one of the sandwiches that must have belonged to one of the myriad of customers that got waited on before me even though they were behind me in line.  The sandwich that my co-worker received was turkey and bacon.  My thought from earlier was confirmed as she said that the bacon was, indeed, almost raw.My co-worker returned to the Subway in order to receive the correct sandwich.  When she explained what happened, the woman behind the counter explained that the man who had accidentally received her sandwich had returned that one as well.  THEN THE WOMAN BEHIND THE COUNTER TRIED TO GIVE THE "USED" SANDWICH TO MY CO-WORKER!  It took the manager coming out to convince her to make a new sandwich!DO NOT GO TO THIS SUBWAY!!!!!!
5	Awesome. This has become my new fave 24 hour spot close to home. The guys who work there are very friendly, fast and efficient. I pulled up a few minutes ago with two cars ahead of me, and the line went so fast. As soon as I said my order he was ready for me to pull up. Tonight it was Jose, I have had him help me before as well as another Hispanic guy with glasses, each time I am uber impressed. With subway and most chains, unless the food quality is awful/old/cold you cant really review the food based on taste that is the taste that it is. For example, Dennys food is mediocre even when it is good, so you cant really take a star away for having mediocre food when thats just the way it is. I like Subway for what it is: Cheap easy food, with healthy options for a dieter (like me). I just wanted to put that out there for every chain that has reviews just based on food, and to let companies know that for some people (me) the service can take a mediocre meal to a great one. So thanks awesome subway dudes!
5	If I have the right subway it's the one with the drive thru by Home Depot and I gotta say that drive thru saved me and my boyfriends lives when doing our home over a mile away. We went through it everyday for 2 weeks straight as we were getting crap from Home Depot! The girl in the drive thru with the glasses and the bubbly voice was probably the nicest women I've ever encountered she even gave me and my bf a complement on how cute we were together. It was really cool to see someone with such enthusiasm and so friendly to be working a drive thru :)
