1	I have been a customer for several years. Last week I brought in shirts and my ONLY suit.  Jong always checks in clothes but this time his wife did who does not understand English.  I also never look at my ticket because I trusted him. It was obvious she did not know what she was doing.  My wife picked up the cleaning and there was no suit. I went back with her to pick up a separate order and asked about the suit and explained how I dropped it with the shirts in the previous order.  Jong said he didn't have the suit. He only looked on the computer and said the was no way he had it. I asked if he would look around the store, he refused and became agitated. I was surprised at how quicky he got both loud and mad that I would even question him and that he has NEVER lost any article of clothing.  He said he will not look for the suit and he is never wrong.  I was so surprised at how defensive he got and got in my face and starting yelling at me.i was speechless!! I know it was his wife that lost it.  He told me to go look in my closet.he was so rotten and acted as if he was correct I did go home and look and no it wasn't there.  I called him to tell him and he hung up twice right after he told me I was trying to trick him.  It is a custom suit with my name in it. Basically it then turned into a shouting match and him being very very nasty.NEVER USE THIS DRY CLEANER. Worst costumer service experience I have ever experienced!! I am going to complain to the BBB, the secretary if state of Nevada and anyone ejse I can think of.NO STARS
1	Jong loses your clothes then screams at you when HE can't find them!  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	I am so displeased at this business that I have gone so far as to report them to the BBB. I highly recommend not going here, EVER. If you care to read the entire story it's below. Long story short: I received my $45 altered dress with a missing tie that went around the waist. They claimed I never dropped it off with the tie, and yelled after several times even after asking him to lower his voice, please stop yelling at me and to calm down They also hung up on me over the phone and never offered to replace the tie or refund my money after returning to the business for a resolution.Long Story: I dropped off two dresses to be altered on 7/12/14.  When explaining how I wanted one green dress to look, I used the waist tie to lift up and over the excess fabric I wanted to be removed to demonstrate exactly how I wanted the dress to look. I returned to pick up my dresses on 7/23/14. I paid and then asked if it would be okay to try my dress on. I stepped out of the dressing room in the green dress and asked where the tie was to my dress. The woman who works there instantly said "No tie". I explained that yes, I did drop the tie off with the dress and now it has gone missing. The woman kept saying "no tie, no tie" and stated I dropped it off without the tie. The man claimed I never dropped it off with the tie either and told me to go home and look for it because they don't have it. I left upset and went home to look. Of course, I didn't find it anywhere and decided to call. Again they said they didn't get the tie when I dropped the dress off and hung up on me over the phone. I called back twice before he answered and he started to yell at me stating that he has a system and the tie was never on the dress. He also said, "you keep saying the tie is missing, but I have the same answer."  I ended the phone call with, "I will be back in tomorrow." I went back to the business on 7/26/14 and nicely explained that I had looked everywhere and not found the tie. I also tried to explain to him that I remember using the tie as a way to show how I wanted the alterations completed and that I understand mistakes happen. I said, "this is an easy mistake and I understand. I just want you to make it right. I dropped my dress off, paid $45 for an alteration and received my dress with missing parts. I am upset at the service I received." The man raised his voice and was yelling at me at how he has so many clothes and a system to how he does his work. He again claimed that I never brought the tie in with the dress. I asked him multiple times to not yell at me and to lower his voice and to calm down because I was only looking for a solution to my poor service. After about 5-10 minutes of this, I told them I would have to report them to the BBB for the poor service, respect and product that I received. He told me "fine, do whatever you want." And I left.
1	Well,the worst cleaning company I have ever used.When I dropped my clothes off the guy serving me smelled like alcohol and that made me worry a bit if I should have left my stuff in there or not but I let it try.3 pairs of jeans are hemmed not accurately,all stitches are dancing like some one really drunk were hemming them. My blouse made of velvet was returned to me with two holes and all stretched out after dry cleaning(generally have worn that blouse once after I purchased it)The second blouse (which is expensive)was pretty small on my after dry cleaning.I used to use henderson cleaning company and have never had any issues with it.all stuff has been returned in excellent condition.In royal cleaners I paid 35 dollars to get 3 pairs of jeans hemmed and 2 blouses dry cleaned worth of more than $1000 and what did I get? Poor service,damaged clothes and I shouldn't have trusted drunk personnel as its a sign of unprofessionalism and unacceptable a no matter what! Be aware!!!!!!
