2	I'm usually a fan of the Embassy Suites.  Now I'm really not so sure.Most nights they have the manager's reception, where you get drinks and snacks.  They do it here as well, but they've really cut back (we've been once before).  Where they used to have hot dogs, nachos and tacos, they now have a couple of bins of snack mix and some stale popcorn, as well as someone circling the area with cold appetizers from the restaurant.You're also allowed to only have two drinks per room.  This is a stark departure from the days when the Embassy would let you have pretty much whatever you could hold during the whole process.  On the upside, they do have a Wii plugged into an old projection television that you can barely see.Once you're in the room, you'll find that they didn't insulate very well, so you can hear everything.  Pipes banging, neighbors doing what neighbors do, people above you using the restroom, it's really bad.  One of the worst hotels for noise that I've ever used, and I've even stayed in what seemed to be an old crack house in New York City before.While this location seems nice, and even offers balcony rooms, I'd suggest not springing for them.  Just a few dollars more, you can get a balcony on the back side of the hotel that "overlook the golf course".  What the really means is that you get to see the roof of the building just a few floors below, some trees and you get some really bright spotlights flooding your room at all hours of the night (really - I don't think they ever go off).  On the other side of the treeline, there is a golf course.  I think.  I don't care if it's a quarter, it's not worth the extra money.  I don't think it's even worth it if it's a free upgrade.The one place I will give them a decent mark is in the complimentary breakfast.  The crew manning the omelet station specifically was very friendly and did a great job.  Unfortunately, the rest of the breakfast bar wasn't good at all.  Trays were running low, juice was running out, and overall it was just a bit sad.On one other note - they do accept pets here.  But you have to pay extra for that room (apparently you get a mat, and they will supply you with bowls if you forgot them).  But that's it.  And you have to pay a $50 non-refundable security deposit.They also offer access to the Internet - both wired and wireless - but you have to be $10 a day for it.  So if I were you, I'd wait until the Great Wolf opens across the street, and see if things get better, because this place is just sad.
3	Located right down the road from the Charlotte racetracks and the Concord mall the location for access to those areas is great.The meeting facilities are quite nice. The dining area is very big and the food was laid out buffet style. They have an omelet station if that is what you are looking for.
2	The rooms were okay for what they were.The complimentary breakfast was a joke.  The lines were ridiculous and some "crowd control" was definitely needed in my opinion.The restaurant (Rocky River Grille) was horrible.   Service was slow and food was very bland.I would not stay here again.  It is not worth the price.
4	This review is of the conference facilities only; I did not stay in a room. This conference venue is in a very convenient location! There is a lot of parking as well.The interior is fresh, clean, and modern. There are many places to sit and relax in the walkways or outside. In addition, the walkways were very spacious and allowed groups to gather and visit comfortably while still allowing plenty of space for others to move around. The catered lunches were good. They also have a very nice buffet style breakfast in the mornings (complimentary for the guests and $15 to purchase). No free Wi-Fi. Bummer.Most important amenity was the women's bathrooms...they were everywhere and plenty of stalls! Always clean and everything by motion sensor. Thank you, Embassy, for making this a priority!
5	Three months ago I stayed for two nights and attended several meetings/conferences at this property.  I was genuinely impressed and beyond satisfied with my room, the staff was quick and friendly and a good restaurant and bar on site.The conferences were standard setups but the service staff was awesome, I almost felt like I was at a wedding, great service.The location is close to downtown but you must definitely drive and not a bad commute to the airport, they do offer shuttle service.
5	LOVE embassy suites. Clean rooms, amazing beds & pillows, nice staff, delicious FREE deluxe hot breakfast. this one is near malls & Ikea & the raceway & several other large hotels. Beautiful. Will stay here again!
3	I try to visit every hotel restaurant that I go to, and tonight I went to a Avon conference or something like that.  And I wanted a good cheeseburger, I've had really good cheeseburgers at other hotels so I thought I would get the same at this hotel.    I knew what to expect when paying and that didn't bother me, but I wanted a good burger too.  Well I didn't get that at all, it was really big and cooked the way I liked it.  But it wasn't that good, it tasted just like a frozen patty you get out of a grocery store.  I wasn't impress, the bread it was on taste better than the burger.  The fries nothing much, greasy handcut fries.  The chocolate cake I got for dessert wasn't good either, you can make a box cake taste better than this cake.  I know, you don't go to hotels for their food, but why not have a good meal while you are there?  The service was really nice, very nice staff but the food I ordered sucked!  Oh and the hotel it self was really nice, beautiful nice conference rooms.  I'm sure the stay is better than the food.
4	Easy check-in, were given two vouchers each for cocktails which is always a plus!  Also, received vouchers for free "make to order" breakfast.  Again, a plus for sure.  Atmosphere is nice.  There's a fountain, coffee shop/Starbucks, plenty of things to look at.  Our room was very spacious. Bed was comfortable, but not the best bed I've ever slept in.  The view stinks out the back of the hotel...but not much they can do about that.  Only negative was the lotion in the bathroom (in our room) was used, and there was hair in the sink/drain.  Also, the shower temperature control had issues (wouldn't stay where I wanted it to.)  Overall, a very nice hotel.  Would stay again!
5	Nice suites, comfy beds, clean...but breakfast will bring me back.  Omelette station was churning out eggy delights with fresh veggies, cheese and meats.  Buffet had fresh fruit, yogurt, biscuits & gravy, french toast, bagels, muffins, donuts, cereal, bacon, sausage, eggs, juices, coffee...it just went on and on.  Staff was excellent in a hotel that was obviously very busy.
4	Be careful in the tubs!!!  No real slip protection.  Bathroom floors are slippery if they get wet from shower.  Staff is great & food is okay. They were a little heavy handed on the liquid smoke at lunch!!   Breakfast buffet is decent. Visit the spa while here.
1	Very disappointing experience: the grill had very slow service & disappointing tasting food, guest services at front desk were ill prepared, there was black scum floating in the hot tub, an elevator was out of service on a full weekend an took us more than 10 minutes to get downstairs. Trash littered the front of the hotel. Not in keeping with the quality I use to know. I did advise the hotel of the challenges, the immediate response was to comp a night instead of taking care of the issues. Guest services did follow up post stay and will take the feedback under advisement. Will not return to that hotel.
1	Have stayed here in the past. But this time the service has not been very good.Did not get maid service the first day but let it go as an oversite. Then on the second day the beds were made and the trash cans were emptied, but although they took all the towels they left none. They did not replace the trash can liners, left no soap new or used & left no coffee.The dirty glasses were left upside down, I am not sure what kind of a sign that is.A spray bottle of cleaning solution was left on the bathroom sink.After several calls to the the front desk they brought towels but was later told Housekeeping was gone for the day.Unfortunate. Hopefully it was a just a bad couple of days and not the current  standard.
4	Clean building, friendly helpful staff this hotel and convention center us the perfect place for small to medium businesses to host their annual convention. Pretty sure it can hold larger groups, but with the size of my company the Embassy has done a great job with crowd control and ensuring there is enough elbow room.The rooms themselves are spacious and the staff does a great job making sure they are maintained and clean. I would stay here if I was not apart of the convention.
2	I made our reservation in January and told the girl AWS - she said what is that - I told her about American Wine Society and she never put the code in, so we got charged 31.00 more per night than the AWS rate.  I will not tolerate business - biog business being so crooked.Make sure of what you are getting before you ever go.2 days we had to call for towels, since the cleaning crew did not replace them.  Breakfast was good except for the coffee which was worse than terrible.
4	This embassy was great. It is huge and looks new. It is right off the main strip of the speedway. They have a lot going on in the hotel where you don't have to leave. We enjoyed our visit. The rooms are small but that was the only negative point here.
4	I recently stayed here for a very busy convention.  The hotel was filled to capacity and there were a lot of immature younger kids running around.  The staff was phenomenal. The hotel's check in time is 4 pm.  We arrived at 8 am for the convention and the desk staff was courteous and got us in our room right away.The room was nice and large and clean.  The bathroom was clean.  I always look for mold in showers at hotels and there were none.  Housekeeping did a great job, especially since the hotel was filled to capacity.  My only complaint about my visit was the bed.  Which a bed is why you stay in a hotel.  That is the only thing keeping it from a 5 star review.  The mattress felt cheap and had just a thin pad on them.  However the amenities in the room were great.  I will say that the walls are a bit thin.  I could hear people/dogs at times.Breakfast was good.  It wasn't the best hotel breakfast, but definitely better than a lot of places.  Being included with the room was a plus.  There was good variety.And again about the staff, everyone was so friendly. I walked into a bathroom that had been trashed by other less considerate con goers. The lady cleaning up was very nice and friendly to us (especially considering the situation).  I thanked her.I pretty much stayed here in what would be a nightmare situation, and the hotel exceeded my expectations.
