4	I really enjoyed having breakfast here today. The food was good and the service excellent. The place is now under a new owner and has been completely remodeled and decorated to give a retro atmosphere. They have pictures on the walls of Marylin Monroe, the Rat Pack (that's Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr, and Frank Sinatra) The Beetles, etc. They have done a very good job of fixing the place up and I look forward to trying lunch there next. The restaurant opens at 5am and closes at 3 during the week and opens at 7am on Saturday. Closed Sunday.
5	I recently hired Adri and her Charlen's Cafe staff to cater the opening reception of a museum exhibit. It was a big job for over 150 people on a very tight budget, and she worked closely with me to create a menu that fit both of those needs. On the day of the event, both the food and service were fantastic and we couldn't have been happier with the turnout.A few weeks later I stopped by the cafe to settle my bill, and was really pleased to see how nice it is inside after the remodel. The restaurant looks great, the food is awesome, and Adri and her staff are professional, friendly, and easy to work with. If you need a caterer, especially in the downtown Phoenix area or the South Phoenix area, I highly recommend Charlen's Cafe.
5	Had breakfast here again today and had the special, it was very good and a really great deal. I really love the fish special they have here on Fridays, it is really awesome and the price is just as good. This place has really nice ambiance to it. Adriana the owner is really nice and always greets me with a smile when I come here.  All the waitresses here have been really friendly and attentive, the service is really top notch.
4	I ordered a BLT and it was pretty good although the fries were soggy and tasteless. Service was pretty good and I liked how they play 50s music and it's just loud enough to enjoy without having to tell over it to talk to who ever you're with. My grandpa had the cod and he said it was cooked well but he prefers catfish which Charlen Cafe sadly doesn't offer anymore.
5	I have eaten here a few times, not as much as I would like. Great sense of community here.Amazing home style cooking, the guy in the back really knows what hes doing.Quick, friendly, attentive service.Good looking chicks that work here.Prices are great once you taste the food and realize how much effort and care they put behind it.What else can you look for in a little diner cafe?
3	I'm really bummed about having to leave such a low rating because the service was GREAT! The food...not so much.  Since it's a diner I decided on something greasy & fried, like chicken strips & gravy, my usual at these kind of places.  The gravy was delicious but the chicken strips tasted & looked exactly like the cheap ones that you buy in the freezer section & heat up. Really bad.  I could tell these were def not hand breaded which was disappointing.  My husband got a grilled ham & cheese sandwich which he said was good but pretty greasy. As for the service, they were all so sweet but the food didn't wow us one bit. Sad to say, I probably won't be back.
5	Food was delicious and the staff is super sweet and attentive. My husband had the ribeye and loved the seasoning. I had the pancakes and they were fluffy and super tasty. We will definitely be back to explore more options!
5	Yummy breakfast, BLT was excellent,  great service,  super cool vibe! 50's throwback with great oldies!Kids under 12 eat FREE Saturday w/paid adult - we will be regulars!
5	Really cool place. The staff is very attentive. The decor is cute and fun. I ordered a tuna melt and fries and it really hit the spot. I'll definitely be back to try their breakfast menu next time I'm in the neighborhood.
