5	Clean store & friendly service
4	This place is very conveniently located, just off of the I-10, on the 43rd Ave exit.They have everything that you need for big parties, or if you just need to buy in bulk. Prices are pretty fair too.
4	No, it's not a discount funeral home chain, but wouldn't it be a great name for one!  Think Fresh & Easy impregnated by Costco, or vice versa.  Modest variety of  groceries, beverages, cleaning supplies, and just a little bit more, in LARGE to regular sizes. Need a 25 lb hunk of beef? It's there. Gallons jugs of mayo, big bottles, boxes, bags or jugs of this or that? They may have that in a name brand or one of their considerably less expensive house brands.  By far the largest S&F I've ever been in, this store was stocked to the ceiling and spotlessly clean.  Bonus points to staff and management who virtually all spoke and asked if they could help me find anything.  When I entered at roughly 7PM Wednesday eve, the store was incredibly quiet and all four check out lanes were empty.  Within a few minutes there were perhaps 10 or a dozen people in the store, all doing what was apparently family grocery and laundry supply shopping, but the place is well-suited to restaurant supply or non-commercial large gathering alike.  According to the company's web pages, S&F was founded in 1871 in Los Angeles, then an town of 6,000 residents, as Hellman Haas, and the store number was one of the total of seven (7), yes SEVEN published in the first L.A. phone book. The cash & carry concept debuted as Smart & Final in Long Beach in 1923, and firm has grown to nearly 250 stores operating under the "Smart & Final", "Smart & Final Extra!" and "Cash&Carry Smart Foodservice" banners in California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Nevada, Idaho and northern Mexico, ranging from 15,000 to 40,000 square feet (the Smart & Final Extra!) stores.  The firm's web page describes S&F as "the smarter faster warehouse", and promotes itself as a mini-warehouse/restaurant supply store without membership card or fee. You won't find mattresses, electronics, TV's and appliances, jewelry, clothing or computers at Smart & Final, so it's not Costco, but for what it is and what it carries, it's just fine.  If there's one in your neighborhood, it might be smart  to stop in and compare prices to your regular grocer (but it doesn't have to be final).
5	What I came for was a GREAT price on peanut oil and what I got was a GREAT price on peanut oil.Having never been to a Smart & Final before, I will most definitely say that I will be shopping here EVERY TIME I have a party, because the prices are pretty fantastic. Plus, I got some pretty decent service too. Thanks!
3	I've been coming to this store for 3 years. Last month they did an expansion re-model which I can appreciate, however the service quality has gone down. Being that there has been an influx of customers and a ton more product line, there are all new cashiers and staff. If you're in a hurry, you're doomed. Expect to wait in line 5-10min.
