4	Teenage girls are much more label aware...even than their mommies.Decent clothes for a casual girl who likes shorts, this is my daughter's favorite clothing store.
1	I actually would have forced them to give me stars, were it an option.My husband has been after me to write more reviews for a while now but I just haven't been able to find the time.  And then Hollister crossed my path.  For those unfamiliar with this store, it is the current overpriced bomb for teens and tweens.  I've even begun seeing moms sport the logo.Well, my very skinny daughter (read hard-to-fit) wanted a pair of Hollister skinny jeans -- in Phoenix -- in July -- for $50.  After I stopped laughing she informed me that they were a bit loose, a bit long and on sale.  Sounding better -- a bit.  So we went and took a look and found that these jeans had three things I couldn't argue with:  1. they fit, 2. they had room to grow, and 3, they were marked down to $20.  We had a winner.I take the holy grail of jeans over to the checkout and that's where my experience went south.  When the girl (15 at most) told me $50 + tax, I pointed out the sale tag.  What follows is a re-enactment, not a direct quote.Me:  "Are you aware it's a law that you must honor the lowest price marked?"sales kid:  "really?!"Me:  "yes"Then a second sales girl came over.  I'd put her at 16.2nd sales kid:  "You people keep changing price tags just to get a deal.  So we charge what the computer says."Me:  "I beg your pardon?"2nd sales kid:  "If you people would quit trying to pull this, we wouldn't have to be hard nosed."Me:  "Are you the manager?"2nd sales kid:  "no"Me:  "You need to get the manager over here now.  We certainly don't try to pull anything and I resent the implication."At this point a third sales kid, probably 18 or 19, joined our little circus, gave kid 2 a dirty look and informed her that you have to charge the price marked.  She rang up the jeans at the discounted price.  By this time I was furious.  I shouldn't have bought the jeans but they fit my 2-dimensional daughter and that's no easy feat.But the more I thought about the experience, the more irritated I became.  So I called their customer service department.  That's not exactly accurate.  I had to make three calls before I got their customer service department.There, I spoke to another 15 year old who informed me that the way they handle complaints is that they forward them to the district manager.  The district manager may choose to call me or may not.  Whether they deal with complaints or not is at their discretion.  Apparently, their customer service policy is, "thanks for the credit card ... screw you."Well, I choose, too.  And I choose never again.  Any Hollister, anywhere.
2	There's about three stores that have these same clothes and this is one. It's all geared towards the teens 20-something's. You really need to be on the slim side to fit into these. They're stylish to a point, pretty basic, lots of plaid and ruffles. Store tries to play off the "So Cal" vibe. I moved to AZ from SoCal and don't remember quite so much plaid and ruffles but I'm not they're demographic so what do I know. They do have a good selection of clearance merch usually with an additional markdown of 40% so deals can be had here. My only complaints are the lighting which is very minimal and directed. It's weird since you'll never be in that type of light in real life. My other complaint is the music volume. Yeah, I sound old now but seriously this place makes it hard to hold a conversation loud. If this was one of those stores where every employee feels the need to chat you up I'd appreciate the high volume more but it's more the type where you have to search them out. Oh and would a name tag be too much to ask? It's play the who works here game.FYI they do like to use soft porn in their in store ads so if you're pruddish i'd steer clear.
3	This place mostly isn't my style.  Wife and daughter wanted to check it out.  There was a lot of plaid (Al Borland must shop here!), and most of their jeans looked like they needed to be thrown out...yes, I know it's the fashion now, as it was for a time when I was a kid.  But it looks really trashy.There were some OK women's tops, and I did find a pair of shorts that were extremely casual, but also extremely soft and comfortable.  On sale, too.Their motif is kinda fun.  They have a live video feed of the south side of the Huntington Beach pier on one side of the store, and a live feed of the north side on the opposite side.  Obviously we are on the pier itself!  Cute.Staff friendly and mostly helpful.  Change rooms are a bit dodgy.  A simple curtain pulled across the opening of a very small space.  Didn't bother me that my curtain wouldn't close all the way (hopefully no one else minded it, though!).  Not much space, difficult to set anything down in there.One major plus was that they didn't perfume the air like Abercrombie does.  That alone is almost worth an entire star.Get the sale stuff.  The regular priced stuff is comically expensive.  $60-80 for a shirt?  The marked-down stuff is more reasonable, especially when they take an extra percentage off.  Daughter got a top that was 50% off, going from a laughable $32 down to $16, and then a coupon made it a bargain (at $11).Overall, you can find some decent stuff here at decent prices, but you really do need the sales.  And to be young enough to like jeans that look like they're ready for the trash bin.
1	Wow!! The WORST service ever. I rarely go to this store bc it's primarily for teens but $25 jeans sounds like a steal!! Why not check it out.  I got to the cashier counter and saw 3 teen workers. One girl assisting  a customer, one on the cash register "typing away" and one guy also on cash register and putting away the security pieces.  Stood there looking at each one. None of them seem to be acknowledging that customers are waiting to check out. Do any of the workers even know how to open their mouth and say something like "thanks for patiently waiting. someone will be with you in a moment"?? They all must be oblivious to what working means.  The one girl that was "typing away" doing who knows what was in the middle and left. Leaving the guy and the girl who was done with the customer. As soon as she was done she was asking another worker to help her get to the top of the stacked surf boards because her co-worker put it at the top. Um hello!! Do you not see a customer with a stack of pants to purchase??? The one guy was waiting for a customer to come back with more items while the other girl was somewhat apologetic thinking that the guy was helping me. Clearly not the case. As soon as she got her phone back she was all about what text messages she got and giggling to herself instead of adding to the bottom dollar for the company. All those teen workers must be working for free or interning for free because they clearly are not doing work. Can't expect too much from teens - so who knows. Anyone have teens that want to get paid to do almost nothing can pretty much apply to this store!!Sadly, I bought about $120 worth of bottoms. I thought about it and for all this, I decided to return $100 worth back to Hollister a few days later - keeping one yoga pants. The jeans weren't that flattering after all. No wonder it was $25. Thanks but no thanks.
