1	Extremely poor customer services.  Four men in red shirts wandering around, not waiting on customers, one young man in grey shirt attempting to help everyone.  Phone not answered, customers ignored.  Six customers waiting, guys in red shirts walked by them, ignored them, talking among themselves.  After 15 minute wait one of the red shirts finally came to the register to help out.  Even though I have a warrenty on the product I purchased, I will NEVER visit this store again.  Also, radio was extremely loud and playing Mexican music.
1	I been waiting outside for 20 min waiting for an AutoZone employees to scan my car for code..  they have the worst costumer service ever.. ima leave and go to O'Reillys
5	Wow...both parts that I needed for my truck, they had in stock and were super nice. Downside is...they get REALLY busy, and the wait is long. But all the members are busy helping somebody, so its expected. Customer service was good, had no issue with parts, everything worked good. Keep up the good work guys.
1	When I first walked in no one acknowledged me. I waited in line with one person ahead of me and the two employees each had a customer with them, it wasn't a long wait though.Now, both employees were women, so as bad as it is I was some what already skeptical of trying to get help here but I was in a time crunch and this place was closest.The woman who helped me appeared pretty young maybe very early 20's... I told her one of the lights went out in the front but I'm so absolutely clueless what the difference in the lights are I couldn't tell her exactly. Laugh if you will but i don't know much about cars. I took her to my car and showed her exactly which light, she seemed like she knew exactly which one then proceeded to ring me up. Well come to find out it was completely wrong! The information I provided as to the year make and model of the car was correct & even after I took her to my car and showed her she still took a guess as to which light it was... It was just frustrating because I had to make a second trip to another location for the correct part and because although I was hesitant in the beginning I thought I'd give the women there a chance. But she seemed to have just taken a wild guess as to what I really needed to get me out of the shop. Very disappointed, I'll probably never visit this location nor recommend it to anyone, sorry!!!
