5	I almost don't want to let the cat out of the bag... a true hidden gem.  Probably the best Italian food in the valley.
5	I've been eating here almost weekly for over 2 years. My friends and I call the place "Roberto's", after the owner. The food is great; the wine list is very good; the service is superb. There has been almost no turnover in staff...that tells you something. The best pasta is the Bigoli. And don't forget to try the chocolate dessert. Also a good place for a business lunch.
3	The food was good.  The ambiance, the wine, the staff were all first rate.  Definitely a nice date place.   Went last night and the waitress did something which has actually never happened to me before in my life - got my entree order completely wrong.  I ordered the spaghetti with white clam sauce, my wife ordered the seafood ravioli.  She had a salad, I had the special appetizer, which was prosciutto with mozzarella (forgive my spelling).  The salad and prosciutto were very good, but not the best.  Then the entree's came out.  My wife's seafood ravioli was supposed to be filled with shrimp and crab meat, but definitely had a fishy aftertaste to it which I would never associate with either of those two shellfish.  We would give that a C.  But what was placed before me was ziti with grilled chicken.  The waitress handled the error with aplomb and the right amount of "trying to make it right".  I tasted the dish, and I have to say I give it a B+, and didn't want to wait for them to prepare what I had actually ordered.The espresso and capuccino were both very good.
4	I heart this place so much, I want to take it behind the middle school and get it pregnant.  I would give it five stars, but I'm saving a five star rating for a restaurant that lifts me off my feet.  Call me a prude.  Call me a romantic.  I don't care.Let's start, and almost finish, with the food--it's terrific.  I've never had a bad, or mediocre, meal at this place.  I especially enjoy the gnocchi.  Sure, part of the reason I like the gnocchi is because I enjoy saying, "gnocchi."  It's just fun to say.  It's good, clean fun for the whole family.  But, aside from the tantalizing vocalization of the dish, it's really tasty.  The other dishes are great as well, but I won't bore you with a detailed description of each item.  I'm verbose, but not selfish.  Well...maybe 'not selfish' should be replaced with 'lazy' but I think you understand.The ambiance is decent even though it's in a strip mall.  However, we live in Phoenix, so you can't really knock a place for that.  They do have some nice outdoor seating.The owner and staff are really friendly and will talk your ear off about Italy winning the world cup--even though it happened a year and a half ago.In summation, this place is aces...but don't tell anyone, because, as other people have written, this is a hidden gem.
5	This place has amazing food, separate menus for lunch and dinner and a full bar. There is dining inside or on the patio.I think the entire staff is Italian and you can usually hear conversations in Italian between the staff and customers, adding to the ambiance and authenticity.The Northern Italian cuisine is truly amazing, the staff is always warm and friendly. The meals start out with a few kinds of bread and dipping sauces and vinegar and oil. I could go just for that.There are plenty choices for vegetarians and carnivores alike.Menu: http://www.venetotrattoria.com/menu1.htmlI highly recommend it!
3	Lasagna entree - $15Bottle of meritage - $32Tiramasu - $6Smelling cigar smoke, hearing a car alarm, and listening to somebody with whooping cough - PricelessWhere's the half-star when you really need it?! Veneto is stuck in the middle, between 3 and 4. So, do I round up or round down? Such a tough decision. I can't rate this 5 like other people, for I did not think the food was 5-star worthy. However, based on other factors, the rating of this place deserves more than 3 stars... yet doesn't quite reach 4. Allow me to explain. Atmosphere is 2-star worthy. Sure, sitting on their patio, tucked in the corner, makes for an intimate time with your date. Unless, of course, a car alarm goes off or you have to deal with a person coughing one of those rib-rattling coughs. You know the kind. Not to mention, people standing outside the "Veneto patio perimeter" to talk loudly on their cell phones. However, inside the patio, patrons were respectable. The occasional loud, inebriated table does not a bad experience make. Price deserves 5 stars. With two entrees and a fantastic dessert, price came to $45. That's pretty great for two people. Throw in a bottle of wine, though, and you're looking at an $80 tab, before tip, which means you're really looking at a $100 tab (atleast), for service definitely deserves a generous gratutity!Service definitely deserves 5 stars. Our waiter was top-notch. Very conversational, friendly, professional and attentive. He recommended a bottle of wine that would suit both a meat-focused entree (lasagna), as well as a fish dish. The wine - lyreth meritage from Sonoma - was smooth, silky and a perfect dance partner to both our dishes. Dessert deserves 4 stars. Never before had my date seen Tiramasu served with two sauces on top. It's almost like the piece itself was divided into two tiny countries. One sauce was chocolate. The other was espresso-based. I could have just had spoonfuls of the latter and been quite content. However, the tiramasu was heavenly. Decor deserves a 3, I think. Especially since the music they played didn't match the intimate and unique dining experience they offer here. It was too pop-ish and loud, even from sitting outside. When my date and I excused ourselves to the lavatories, we noticed semi-guady decor, high-back booths, rich creams and rubies throwing themselves against the walls. It wasn't a stomach-turning touch. Just a bit over done. A simple, clean layout would have done wonders for this place. Not to mention maybe a more subtle bar - without a blaringly bright TV set. Food deserves 3 stars. It doesn't deserve any more than that. At least not the entrees we had. My date had the special, which came with mussels, crab meat, salmon, etc. in a pasta bowl with a damn fine light and flavorful sauce. I ordered the lasagna, which was a generous portion. Upon first bite, I couldn't place the taste. I had had it before! Given some time, I realized why I felt like this lasagna could be a new comfort food. It reminded me of when I was 8 and my mom would make me Chef Boyardee ravioli. The meat sauce of this lasagna tasted just like the ravioli sauce I used to love as a child. But, let's face it, I didn't go to Veneto to satisfy my 8-year-old self. I came to impress my adult self and enjoy a lovely night out with a wonderful man. My date even said later that it did, in fact, taste like the canned ravioli. He just didn't want to say anything at dinner for concern of insulting me or the lasagna. (Poor lasagna...)Having eaten at Veneto this past weekend, I sit here and reflect upon the place. While there, I definitely thought this was a 4 star place. Now, however, I can't convince myself that I would ever go back. And I reserve 4 and 5 stars for places that hook me, that become places I crave, places I want to experience again and again... as well as places that leave a lasting impression. To me, Veneto's lasting impression expired Saturday at the stroke of midnight.Over all, I think Veneto is a great place to dine. Don't get me wrong. This place is a hidden gem, for the service, the price and the overall experience make this place worthwhile. Just don't expect an "Oh My God" moment from your food... or expect to dine in peace from the noise of street traffic, car alarms and awful music.
3	is it because I have been to Venice, that I had to rate this place a 3?  Since I have particularly good taste, and know how to cook, I tend to be very critical of meals that I can reproduce myself, thusly leading to a more acute assessment of taste and experience. With all that being said (pats self on back) I just can't recommend Veneto Trattoria for those with discerning taste. Food aside, the decor, atmosphere, and location are nothing special. The service however is excellent, as our waiter scored 2 points for the wine and dessert recommendation, besides he had an Italian accent, and and old world charm that I couldn't help but like.  Ok, so back to the food. The dish I had, a homemade egg noodle pasta dish, with a variety of fish and shellfish, in white wine scampi sauce, was good. Not, great, but good. I have made a better seafood pasta, and the portion was pretty small, so I had to resort to dipping fresh bread in the sauce. (which really isn't so bad) I even finished my dates lasagna, which tasted exactly like Chef Boyardee. I thought to myself out loud "either Chef Boyardee is a genius and has captured the taste of traditional Italian lasagna, or this lasagna just isn't very good. Either way the wine and dessert were superb. So would I recommend this place to someone? Perhaps for dessert and wine, but I am sure you can get a similar experience elsewhere that serves better entrees. I most likely won't go back, but had a great time anyway, with my date. Classic moment: after hearing a cough repeatedly coming from outside the restaurant, I couldn't help but look. The cough was deep, penetrating, and harsh like the sound a ship's hull makes as it crashes into large waves. It was brooding.  As I turned around to look at this poor old man, dying of cancer, coughing while waiting for Death himself to come, I was shocked to see this 12 year old sitting at a table in front of Starbucks, hacking away!  Wow, that kid can cough, can someone get him a cough drop. "RICOOOOOLLLLLLAAAA" I wondered if he had the lasagna.
4	Very nice upscale Italian restaurant on Scottsdale Road.  We sat outside on a beautiful night and really enjoyed this place.  Started with very good drinks--quality bartender.  Our waitress was from Italy and was very knowledgeable and helpful.  We split a house salad that was very good and for our main course I had a seafood pasta that was similar to a ravioli.  Very tasty--only complaint was that it was a little cold, otherwise very good.  My wife had an oustanding seafood risotto that I felt was the best of the dishes that the 4 of us ordered.  It was really good with plenty of seafood and flavor.  Our friends had the same dish I had and a boned cornish hen over a soft polenta.  We shared a bottle of an Italian wine recommended by the waitress that was a red blended wine.  I forget the actual blend but it was very good.  We shared a chocolate souffle with some ice cream that was really good.  This place was between a 4 and a 5
5	First visit here was last night with my parents (in from out of town). We originally went to Houston's and there was a 1hr wait... so we walked right across the parking lot, and were seated immediately at Veneto Trattoria (it was busy, just not packed).One of the best Italian restaurants I have ever visited. I love that this is right in my neighborhood too! The prices are very reasonable, the food is delicious, and the service impeccable. I enjoyed the pork chop, while my guests tried seafood, pasta, and salads. Everyone was very pleased with the experience.Plan on making this a regular stop.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants for many reasons! The service is fantastic- Roberto, the owner, and his wife Susan are often at the restaurant, greeting guests and going table to table. Reservations are recommended (especially if you are going on a Fri or Sat night in season), if you call ahead ask for Wanda. She is friendly and attentive, as is all the staff. The prices are very reasonable- you will get a meal on par with Mastro's or Flemings for half the price. You can't go wrong with their fresh pastas or seafood, homemade garlic sausages and wonderful desserts (love the semifredo!). They have consistently served fantastic food for the years my hubby and I have been going. The wine list is extensive, you'll be sure to find a favorite that won't break the bank, and don't forget to end your meal with an espresso or limencello. The atmosphere is great- relaxing, intimate, a place where you can talk with and enjoy the people with you. Also, don't miss the monthly wine dinners in summer- they serve new dishes that aren't on the menu and are very generous with the pours.
4	This is an oldie and a goodie!Here they celebrate the cuisine of northern Italy - Salut!!Apart from being very dark inside - it didnt really help that the menu was completely in Italian (I love this though....) but it had the translations underneath in even smaller script - GREAT - I will just have one of everything!!The cuisine was traditional in the 'hunter-style' rich sauces and meats - YUM. Service was great -and wine selection even better.I try not to frequent too many Italian restaurants (on purpose!) but this one is always on my list.
4	The food was excellent. Service was friendly, timely and very accomodating.  They customized our appetizers to our request. The stuffed veal was delicious.  Not all that expensive either. Atmosphere was informal and parking horrendous, otherwise a 5th star. Highly recommended.
3	Everything was pretty good here- except for my entree.  Service, wine, atmosphere all raised my expectations for what turned out to be the worst osso bucco I have ever had in my life.  If you could actually buy this from a can, that is what my meal tasted like.  So I thought, well, focus on the risotto, and ignore the nasty gray meat in the middle of your plate.  Mistake!  It was really nasty also.  So, my one star meal was balanced my what seemed like good food at the rest of my table and good service= three stars.
2	The only thing saving this place was the bruschetta!  It was delicious, and I'm really a sucker for the stuff... After seeing all of the good reviews, I was really excited to try this place.  We walk in late Saturday evening a couple of weeks ago without a reservation (God forbid!) and get attitude from the hostess who looked me up and down right when we walked in.  "Uhm, I think we will be able to get out you in. Do you want to sit outside?"Anyways, we got a small, cozy table in the corner which is my favorite!  Our server was fine, nothing to complain about, but he really didn't do anything to make an impression.I ordered lasagna, and I was really pumped for it.  But then I almost spit out the first bite! It tasted like overcooked, processed Spaghetti-O's! The pasta wasn't right, the sauce was dreadful and watery, and the spices seemed like they were only trying to cover up the horrible attempt at lasagna.  Disgusting.My boyfriend liked his entree, but we agreed we wouldn't want to go back.If you go, MAKE A RESERVATION and do not get the lasagna.
4	You gotta have a reservation in this world sometimes and keeping that in mind, Veneto Trattoria was able to make room for our modest party of seven this evening with little fuss. the restaurant was packed, and yet the service was reasonably swift with any of out wants and needs.Excellent appetizers and soups, so we ordered something everyone would like and shared.The appetizers ware also great and described adequately in the menu and everyone (except my uncle, who ordered the lasagna and wasn't impressed) was so happy by the end of the meal, that we all indulged in either a specialty dessert coffee or the excellent dessert special (Chocolate Soufle with vanilla ice cream which was flawless and had a great presentation.I'll come back here the next time I'm in town for business, that's for sure.
5	This place is the shiznit-o-bam-snip-snap-sack!By far my favorite for Italian and for service! When the wife and I want to go out and have a great dinner and be taken awesome care of- it's a Veneto Night. We have been here dozens and dozens of times, they do a wine tasting series through the summer and we haven't missed one in the last 6 years! I can honestly say that in all of my visits here they have NEVER had an "off" night. The food is consistent, the service is the best and it is all at a completely reasonable price. Nevertheless, on to my most recent experience: It was great! The wife and I went for dinner on our anniversary and while we love bringing our little one with us here, it was great being alone :)We had the eggplant gratin (bomb!) and the pasta fagioli soup to start and followed those up with the gnocchi and linguini with red sauce and scallops, fish, mussels and shrimp and all I have to say is Damn! I love homemade pasta and I love it even more when it is smothered in all things good from the sea. The wife's gnocchi was great, this is the only place she will order it from. The brought us some tiramisu with a candle for our anniversary which was nice. All that plus a few glasses of wine and we didn't even hit $90. I don't want to get into novel length here, but I cannot say enough about how great this place is. The owners are ALWAYS there, they never turn over the staff (always a good sign) and their food is consistently fantastic. I can't list everything that I have eaten here but it's a lot and it has all been good.... I even enjoyed the squid ink risotto :)Anyway, please do yourself a favor and go here. Enjoy the people, enjoy the food and tell the world.... it's that good!
5	Had dinner here last night, and it was really busy for a weeknight. The wine, food, atmosphere, and staff were perfect. I am lucky to have such a gem of an Italian restaurant right in my backyard. We had the Salmon, Spinach Ravioli, and a "house recommended" glass of wine that we enjoyed so much we are ordering some online.
4	Some of the best Italian food I have had since I moved to AZ 8 years ago (originally from CT, so if I can't peg good Italian I shouldn't be eating...), excellent carpaccio that is properly dressed, good homemade gnocci , really good risotto and to top it off it is really reasonably priced for the quality and location.
5	So on Christmas Eve, my mom usually cooks. However for the first time in family history, this year, we decided to go out. My folks frequent Veneto fairly often, and so we decided it'd be a good choice. Seriously? Best choice ever. We started out with an order of salmon carpaccio. Yes. You should order this when you go, because its sooooo good. I had the Filetto Al Porcini...it was a special...phenominal. In my family we believe in sharing when it comes to food, so I also tried the Sole, Sea Bass, and Arribiata. Delish. It was pretty busy in the restaurant, but the staff didn't seem to break a sweat. The servers/managers that know my parents even made time to come over and hang out for a bit. The owner and much of the staff are from italy, so you know its the real deal. I loved my experience at Veneto, and will definately be going back for more.
4	Wonderful!  Great Ambiance and Excellent Service surrounding Outstanding Northern Italian Cuisine!  All topped off with good coffee, black Sambucca, and a chocholate soufle that's outta this world.Go!
1	blech. a friend and i were in scottsdale for a few days and used yelp to try and find decent places to eat. this was one of the places we tried. lets just say that when/if i go back to scottsdale, i will not be eating here again.ordered some kind of prawn dish that i was told came with mashed potatoes. it arrived. the prawns were half covered in some odd floury concoction, with chunks of char-broil hanging off. soggy. gross. seriously.no mashed potatoes in sight. the server was like 'oh i guess it doesnt come with mashed potatoes'. i looked at her and blinked. she brought a side of mashed potatoes which i think we ended up being charged for. nice. the potatoes arrived and looked like a lump of watery, instant potato flakes or something. i took a cautious spoonful. disgusting. i kid you not, they tasted exactly like clam chowder... but worse. i asked my friend to try them and tell me what they tasted like. he put a little glob in his mouth, twisted his face and said 'yuck! clam chowder'.anyhow, a bad experience. since i was hungry, i shoved a few mouthfuls of 'food' in my mouth and took big gulps of water, made sure not to breathe while i chewed, and swallowed fast. we got out of there as quickly as we could and will not be back.btw, my friend had ravioli which he said tasted like chef boy ar dee with ketchup. yum!anyhow, if you are from out of town, are used to any sort of decent food experience, looking for a place to eat like we were, and using yelp to find a spot.... keep looking.
1	My wife ordered the Sea Bass and didnt care for it. The waiter took the dish back and then the owner came over to our table and berated my wife on why there was nothing wrong with the fish.We never asked them to remove it from our bill, and they didnt. Being scolded by the establishment was not what we had in mind. Never again for this place ever!!!!
4	Count me as a happy customer! Nice outdoor seating, good service, consistent food (after 3 visits).  Nice little gem tucked away in the parking lot behind Houstons.
4	Yes, finally!!! This is an Italian restaurant worth going to in Scottsdale. You will definitely get what you paid for and more. We had a fantastic experience here last Thursday. The food was phenomenal, and this restaurant deserves many kudos. First, the ambiance was great. We ate outside and I must say it is a gorgeous patio. The inside looked pretty too but it was too good of a night to waste indoors. I had a real nice chardonnay to go with a stellar meal. I forgot the name of it but I loved it. All of us had a special, my dad had a halibut which was cooked in a special type of paper, I had homemade linguine with sun dried tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, shrimp in a light lemon and garlic sauce, my husband had chicken milanese, and my dad's lady friend had veal marsala. It was out of this world. OOh I cannot forget the appetizers.....We had proscuitto with fresh mozzarella, and we had portabella mushroom salad with a balsamic reduction. To top the night off we had tiramisu which was delightful. Thanks to all the Yelpers out there with their reviews, this truly was a great evening out.
5	Went to Veneto Trattoria last Sunday for dinner on the recommendation of the concierge at the Phoenician and I wasn't disappointed. The old go-to was Voce (which was originally LeccaBaffi when we used to frequent it), but it seemed like the quality had gone down over the last couple of visits there. As critical as it sounds, I really look for Italian places that actually do their own homemade pasta as a sign of a decent place. The wife and I celebrated our 2nd wedding anniversary here for dinner and decided to go with a couple things to share. We started with the Pasta e Fasioi which was delicious as a soup starter to share. The wife went with the Fettuccine al sugo d'anitra which was homemade fettuccine with a braised duck sauce. The dish was good, but both of us agreed that it wasn't what we expected. The duck was diced up into cubes in the sauce and we both were thinking it would have been more like a fork tender slow cooked duck sauce. I opted for the Tagliatelle con Calamari which was superb. The noodles were made and prepared to perfection and cooked al dente. The Calamari was prepared perfectly and not hard and rubbery like most preparations. We opted to share an order of the osso bucco for a main dish (Wow, we sure did have bigger eyes than our stomachs). The Osso Bucco was excellent as well and extremely tender. For dessert, the tiramisu was creamy and topped with both a chocolate and coffee/espresso sauce that took the dish to a whole new level. Top all of that off with excellent service and a complimentary piece of homemade tiramisu for our anniversary and we have a winner of a place to come back and visit again.
5	It's been several months since I've been to Veneto's so forgive me if my review is short.  Instead, I'll get straight to the point.  GO HERE!  My wife and I had one of the all-around nicest dining experiences here.  Everything from the appetizers to the entrees to the wine was outstanding, and the service was just perfect.  I would recommend Veneto Trattoria to anyone near or far.
5	The food was outstanding and the owner is a wonderful person.  Having lived in northern Italy for 3 years the food brought back memories.  The best finish to the meal was the grappa!  A great selection of the best grappa in Veneto.
5	The food, ambience and service was excellent. Very nice restaurant for a date. The food is authentic northern Italian. I was raised in an Italian family and this made me feel like home. Give a try. You will not be disappointed. Ask for their home made limoncello.
5	I was at a business meeting at a Starbucks in Scottsdale one afternoon and I smelled something wonderful. I couldn't keep my mind on the business deal because of the aroma of some very delicious food. Whatever they were saying was not even important. I could only think where was that food smell coming from? The meeting was finally over, no doubt rushed along by me, and I walked to a little eating place a couple of doors down. I peeked in, looked at the menu, then cancelled my plans that night and came to a place that would become a favorite. I still get a little tear when I remember my first ossobuco there. Veneto Trattoria reminds me of the small, friendly little places that I have been to in Venice where the food and the ambiance combine together for a memorable experience. I have been there many times--alone, with family, with friends, with business associates--and each time has been wonderful. Last night, It was a little cold outside so I had the gnocci to warm me up. The plump potato dumplings tasted homemade and the meat sauce was delicious. One of my buddies had my all time favorite Veneto Trattoria dish: ossobuco. She let me taste hers and, like always, it was to die for. The veal shank and the risotto make a perfect flavor combination. Others at the table had the sausages and the pork chops. Of course I mooched a taste of those, too. Mmmm... Don't forget to have their salad with walnuts and goat cheese. It's not on the menu, but they will make it for you if you ask.Here's a tip: become a regular. I go to Scottsdale for business several times a year and Veneto Trattoria is always on my list. Whether you travel to Scottsdale or live there, you should go to this spot whenever you can. Once you've been there twice, they will treat you like family.
4	Amazing ambiance and excellent food! A great place to go for a date. My husband and I went for our anniversary and we were very happy with the food. Gorgonzola arugula salad, and the special linguini with scallops, shrimp and salmon in light red sauce. Very good! Service was a little slow, but other than that, we were very satisfied with our experience here.
1	Went to this restaurant based on Yelp reviews...was very disappointed.  First, the restaurant is located in a strip mall so it lacked a great deal in ambiance.  Second, for the prices of the menu items, I expected the food to be much more flavorful.  I believe their number one ingredient is butter since that's what everything tasted like.  I would not recommend this restaurant and will not be returning.
1	We were in town for Giants Spring Training and decided to eat here after reading the other yelpers' reviews.  We made same-day reservations and I gotta say, I was really looking forward to it.  We were seated immediately inside with a few other diners scattered around.  Our waiter, Pino greeted us with a friendly accent and brought our selected bottle of wine.  After a few minutes, we decided to split a mescalun and goat cheese salad and ordered our entrees - he: seafood liguine and me: spinach & ricotta ravioli, both in a light tomato sauce.  The salad arrives, it was good.  The goat cheese was soft & creamy and a nice touch.Other diners arrive, more wine pouring by Pino, the clock is ticking and no entrees.  Our bottle is almost empty, others who arrived after us are now on their dessert and still we have no entrees.  After 40 minutes I asked Pino how much longer.  He says (holding up 3 fingers) "Three more minutes."  Uh-huh.  Ten minutes go by, I ask again.  He says "The seafood has to be cooked special. The sauce takes time.  If you wanted it sooner you should have told me when you placed your order to put it in right away."  What??? They were simple seafood pasta and ravioli dishes.  And I wanted my wine WITH my dinner, not as its own course.  If he was in the business as long as he said he was (20 years) he should know to feed diners the food and not BS.Finally after an hour, we get our entrees.  Unfortunately, they were nothing special.  The raviolis were too al dente, mostly pasta with a small amount of filling and swimming in sauce.  His seafood linguine was decent, but no big deal. The fastest thing in the restaurant are the busboys.  I swear it was like they were on roller skates.  Pino could learn a few things from those guys but I doubt his ego would permit it.
3	This place is located in a strip mall and was actually packed with old people but we decided to stay since yelp said the food was so good. I did find it odd that this place didn't seem to have an official hostess stand so we were a little confused about who to ask for a table initially.  We were finally seated and the food was in fact pretty good. I had the orecchiette which didn't look amazing but tasted delicious. My boyfriend had some sort of shrimp stuffed pasta which he thought was just ok. Overall, I'd say 3.5 stars. Prices were a little steep for the strip mall location and the food quality varied. Side note: Since it was a strip mall I let my boyfriend just wear shorts and a Giants shirt. He ended up being underdressed -- but maybe thats because the old folks like to dress up?
4	Cute place to bring a date. Our waiter was awesome he had a thick Italian accent ..it was a bit hard to understand when he told us about the specials but I thought that was pretty cool because it just adds to the whole experience you know? He recommended the  Portobello anitpasta, the Linguini with shrimp (with lemon zest) so good!!  & I believe it was the Linguini with ham (forgot the name of it). Everything was excellent and very tasty.  Went here on a weekend and it was pretty packed so make sure you make reservations!
4	You've got to hand it to the Italians.  What they do love (food, cars, fashion, life) they do well.  This place embodies that impeccable love.  From the formal and attentive wait staff to the carefully selected old world influence menu, this place can almost make you forget that you are eating out of a strip mall.
4	I don't like Italian food. I lived in Italy for 5 months so don't get offended. I cook a lot of pasta, panini, and pizza for myself, so paying someone else to do it isn't my cup of tea. I didn't have a choice going here because it was a group decision. Now that you think I am a huge brat let me redeem myself. This place is delicious. It is not your Olive Garden type of place. It is actually real Italian food. The service was great and we were a big group of 12. I tried a little bit of everyone's plate and it was all delicious. I highly recommend the calamari pasta. The sauce was light but had a lot of flavor. If I ever do decide to eat at an Italian place this will definitely be the place I will go.
5	The staff was very welcoming and the food was fantastic.  I the spaghetti with Clams with the red sauce and came away very impressed.  The bruschetta was a tad on the bland side, but still good.  the main entrees we ordered were very very good though and the place had a nice ambiance even though it is in a shopping center.
5	I'm sorry I waited this long to review Veneto Trattoria. Maybe I just wanted to keep it a secret for myself?This little touch of Northern Italy is worth visiting. It is one of my special places for a date and is perfect for celebrating an anniversary, birthday or an intimate dinner with a loved one. It is inviting, friendly and intimate while being vibrant yet casual and satisfying.The quality of ingredients are fresh, homemade and healthful. High quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars replace butter in many of the dishes.My suggestions: Chicken scaloppine sauteed in light lemon sauce.                            Cornish-hen simmered in white wine on soft polenta.                             Filet of beef crusted with herbs/cabernet wine sauce.The pastas:          Short tube pasta with chicken,zuchinni,italilan bacon.                              Tagliatelle pasta with calamari and green peas in a                               tomato sauce.F.Y.I. They serve a whole wheat pasta and a gluten free brown rice pasta           that can be substituted for the spaghetti or ziti.  Check the website as they have summer wine dinners which pair wines with a four course menu from the Veneto region for about $65. A teacher friend of mine went and was very impressed.It is located in the Hilton Village (not a typical  "strip mall") and yet it is charming and as private as you can get in Scottsdale. Highly recommend this hint of Italy in Scottsdale, Arizona.
5	i have been going to veneto trattoria for years. I think its the best kept secret. If you want great food for value this is the place. The quality is great,and the wait staff is some of the best and knowledgeable.They are one of the only places serving fresh veal liver, to die for.Their pasta and veal chops are fabulouse, and better save room for desserts cause you will not want to miss them.
2	Traditional North Italian fare served pleasantly but without imagination. This place won't wow, nor probably let you down. It is Red Sauce Central. Veneto Trattoria has been here for ages and has a solid following of the older crowd and those who can't get into Houston's across the car park.
5	Got to hand it to these guys - they run a decent operation. The service, food, ambience is 'just right'. I've sat outside on all my 10 or so visits, with one exception in the dead of winter; the patio is so pleasant despite facing into a parking lot.  The inside looks charming and delightful too. I find it hard to steer far from the lamb chops - so few places sell them!  They are always delicious.  Very un-pretentious, while still being classy. Not your typical Scottsdale over-done setup.
4	Being a second generation Italian-American, I'm uniquely qualified to do very little save for cooking and laying around in my underwear / beater all weekend.That's what us Italians do.Well, that's not all we do.We shoot people, launder money, and violate the RICO act in about a hundred different ways.But wait, that's not all.We eat.And we eat, and eat and eat.Even when we're not eating, we're planning our next meal. And sometimes, when we get sick of cooking and eating we go out to eat.And where do we go?We only go to small, non-chain Italian restaurants.Why?Because there's usually some guy in the kitchen fresh off the boats who cooks Italian better than God himself. And that's why I come here.For a real taste of Italy, and not the culinary slop from some chain whose kitchen staff is about to get busted by Sheriff Joe.The veal saltimbocca, wedding soup, and pasta e fagiolo, combined with their bread, chianti and olives will make you feel like you're at your aunt's house for Sunday supper. The only thing missing is your aunt and her hairy upper-lip.Now, mangia.And remember, watch what you say.The Feds are listening in.
5	It's been a while since I've eaten at Veneto, but now that I live in Phoenix, I'm going to have to make this a go to for great Italian food!  The meal I had here was among the most memorable in my life!We went here on the recommendation of the concierge at our hotel in Mesa.  When we arrived, we were a bit skeptical.  The restaurant is a bit unassuming, and considering it's tucked away in a strip mall (granted a very nice strip mall in Scottsdale), we had second thoughts.  As soon as we went inside, however, our concerns were soon allayed.The dining room is absolutely lovely.  It is warm and inviting and very nicely done.  It makes for a reasonably romantic dining experience if you are looking for that, but it's also great for groups (and they have a great patio).  The decor is not obtrusive, and the atmosphere is very conducive to conversation.  The ambiance, plus great service, really makes Veneto a destination worth seeking from anywhere in the valley.Of course, all the ambiance and service in the world means nothing without good food.  Fortunately, Veneto doesn't disappoint in the culinary department.We started our meal with the Bruschetta al Salmone (bruschetta with salmon).  Bruschetta is one of my favorite appetizers (or snacks - basically a favorite all around), so it takes a lot to impress me when it comes to this dish.  Their take on this plate did not disappoint.  The flavors were bright and fresh, and the fish played nicely with the fresh tomatoes.  Absolutely wonderful bruschetta.  I was half tempted to order a second plate and just call it a meal.Fortunately for me we avoided the temptation to eat nothing bruschetta and moved on to entrees.  I had swordfish (it was a special - not on their usual menu) and my girlfriend had the ravioli.  After being primed for a good meal by a mind blowing appetizer, we were hoping the entrees would live up to the opening act.  They did not disappoint.  I was a bit hesitant to get seafood at a restaurant in Phoenix.  Arizona is not exactly know to be a wet place, so fish in the desert seems risky.  However, considering the freshness of the salmon from our appetizer, I took the risk.  I'm glad I did.  The swordfish was, in all honesty, some of the best seafood I have ever had.  It was probably among the top five seafood dishes I have ever eaten.  Anywhere.  The fish was fresh, flakey, cooked just right, and seasoned in a way that brought out the natural goodness of the swordfish steak.  They didn't have to hide subpar fish under a wave of spices.  This was good fish, and they made it shine.  My girlfriend's pasta was also very good.  It was a nice blend of flavors, and the pasta was cooked to perfection.For dessert, we had their take on tiramisu.  Once again I could have set myself up for disappointment because tiramisu is hands down my favorite dessert of all time, but once again, Veneto delivered.  The flavors were rich yet balanced, and the chocolate they topped it off with played nicely with the traditional mascarpone and espresso.  We also imbibed with some kind of boozy amaretto dessert coffee drink.  It, too, was delicious.  It was the prefect sweet ending to a very memorable meal.Veneto is, quite simply, brilliant, and they provided me with one of my most memorable dining experiences ever.  I can't recommend this place enough.  Even before I moved here I was recommending it to my friends when they traveled to Phoenix.  It's a great meal in a great atmosphere, and honestly, it's a great value.  I would pay twice as much as I paid for my meal.Seriously, try this place.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Delicious!Order the Risotto.  That's all I can really tell you because that's the only entree I've had here, but I haven't found a need to try anything else.  And that's big coming from me because I usually love to try different things.  But here I've found something so good (the Risotto) I don't want to try anything else, at least not yet and probably not for a long time.Try it!  You will love the Risotto!
5	I visited Veneto Trattoria for the first time at lunch today.  What a pleasant surprise!  I love the cozy atmosphere of this quaint restaurant and the attentiveness of the wait staff.  Of course, the food was divine!  I highly recommend the salmon salad, if you're looking for lighter fare.  It was delicious - flavorful, moist and sized just right.  My co-worker was also impressed with his pasta dish.  I will definitely keep Veneto Trattoria in my Scottsdale rotation!
5	We lvoe Italian restaurants and are quite picky about them.   We discovered this gem as it is 2 blocks from our place.  It is in a strip mall, but that doesn't bother us a bit.  We've hit this place several times in a few days. I could eat there very night.  The homemade pasta is out of this world.  The pasta with speck and light cream sauce has a smoky flavor that is so good.  We had the scallops special with roasted red pepper sauce.  I don't like scallops but I tried it and loved it.  We've had the pork osso bucco - again, fabulous!  The gnocci with bolognese meat sauce is light and fluffy in a rich, complex tomato sauce.  Try the smoked carpaccio, it is different than normal carpaccio and absolutely delicious.  You absolutely can not go wrong at this place with anything you order.   The wine list is good - you can't go wrong with the Vietti or any of the italian wines they carry.The patio is lovely and the service is incredible.  Wanda has been there for like 17 years and is Italian.  We had a great time conversing with her about Italy, the food, sights, etc.  You must try this place!
5	Just have to add that I was so impressed with Veneto Trattoria that I ended up eating there three times in a two week span!  The food and the service were consistently great.  Can't wait to get back to Scottsdale!
4	I give this place 4 stars because is actually run by real Italians from north of Italy and its not a corporation or a chain so let's give some credit. Ive been here many times the atmosphere is actually very nice and detailed the portion are not big a maybe a little pricing for the quantity. But I'm Italian so i can judge and well the quality is actually very decent. Yesterday I had the linguine with seafood and they were just how I asked and al dente how they supposed to be. If you are on date this is a right place..pretty small...intimate ...kinda romantic also...you will look good if you bring her here and the wine list is actually very interesting and good selection. Definitely not a chep dinner but...can be worthy.
2	We decided to dine at Veneto Trattoria for my farewell dinner and, unfortunately, it was incredibly disappointing. The staff clearly are not trained in customer service or restaurant etiquette (e.g. grating cheese on the lady's dish first, refilling water glasses, etc).  They hung around the bar area and eyed us as we progressed through the meal.  I couldn't understand a word that our waiter said and he completely disregarded the specifics of my questions.  He could hardly remember the nightly specials; of the vague, unintelligible list about seven dishes, all I caught was "chilled tomato soup."Shortly thereafter, diners at an adjacent table inquired about the types of pasta on the menu.  Mr. Ego condescendingly responded, "what kind of pasta do you like?"  They went back and forth several times until the customer decided against pasta altogether.  I don't blame him, what a hassle!  The food was completely underwhelming and overly salted.  Portions were unimpressive and basic things like mashed potatoes and pasta obviously originated from a box.  The chicken scallopene was so-so; the meager serving of veggies were the star.  I had a taste of some shell pasta with spicy sausage, it was unremarkable. Don't waste your time (or money) on overpriced, lackluster food served by a snitty,  impatient waitstaff.  Sorry fellow Yelpers, I just wasn't impressed; I am not compelled to return.
5	The Ossobuco was so delicious! Atmosphere is great. Went with my parents, and all we were saying during the meal was "mmm!" and "this is so good!" We will definitely go back!
4	We had a wonderful dinner here.  We sat out on the patio (they need to grow their hedges another foot or so to block the parking lot and then it would be perfect).  My boyfriend got the lasagna and I got the special which was various fish including shrimp and calamari and some of the most wonderfully done crispy fresh vegetables.  Both of our meals were SMOKING HOT which I love!  The portions were a little smaller than we are accustomed to at Italian places so, next time, we will get an appetizer or salad.  It is wonderful discovering a great little restaurant so close to home and we will definitely be back.
5	Buonissimo.......As an affiliate of a popular pasta company (blue box) based in Italy, we were offered a gift to dine at the Chef's Table at this restaurant the day after Thanksgiving.  This place is a nice little gem that brings the flavors of Northern Italy to the palette.  Although we were staying at a 5 star resort nearby, this meal was the one that will have the lasting memory.When we arrived we were immediately sat at a large 4 top near the front of the restaurant which had a full view of the room even though we were only 2.  Roberto, the owner, came to our table right away and explained that we will be having specialties of the house paired with wine.  No menu was presented.A fresh and hearty rustic bread with a good crust and olive oil were set on the table with our first glass of wine.Before each course arrived, Roberto came to our table to announce what would be served.  These surprises throughout the evening enhanced the dining experience.  Our plates included: House made Bacala (salted cod) Mousse over grilled polentaHouse Smoked Beef Carpaccio with mixed greensFunghi Misti (mixed mushrooms) over creamy polentaFettucini Tirolesi with speck, onion and creamPasta Pomodoro with olives and pepperonciniPoached Wild Salmon with a chiffonade of vegetables in a ginger-lemon brodoSpumoni plated with Tira mi su Espresso and coffee (espresso perfetto)!Chilled LimoncelloWines served were a Gavi and a chilled Lambrusco.Roberto checked in with each course to ascertain our satisfaction as did Gabrielle our Waiter who was equally as accommodating.Susan, Roberto's wife joined us during dessert as we shared stories (like visiting old friends).It's interesting when traveling how many people have crossed the same paths in locations you share.A sincere Grazie goes out to Roberto and Susan for your charm and hospitality!  We truly enjoyed the experience at your restaurant and as I said, your food makes my mouth sing.....Ci Torneremo Presto!Raimondo
5	I made a last-minute reservation for Black Friday dinner with the family based on the yelp reviews. It was a nice short drive from the Scottsdale Fashion Square. This place made me want to go to Italy! What a great place to eat and rest, especially after a long day of deals and sales!-Decor: Homey bistro-style interior.-Food: Pasta was really really good. We got calamari pasta (Tagliatelle Con Calamari), ear pasta with sausage and rapini (Orecchiette Salsiccia E Broccolini), Cornish hen (Galletto Alla Rustica), prosciutto pasta (Tagliatelle Tiroles), lasagna, and pork chop. I only tried the pasta dishes, and they were all heavenly delicious. I still have dreams about the spicy tomato sauce in the calamari pasta and the olive oil sauce in the sausage rapini pasta. -Service: very attentive. Got my glass of water no ice filled incessantly throughout the meal.I don't think I want every day to be a Black Friday, but I want every day to be a good pasta day in Veneto. I've never been so impressed with pasta! Will be back.
5	Although I have been dining here for years and am sure have written a review, I feel compelled to add another after last night's New Years Eve dinner.   We usually avoid holiday dinners out as the restaurants usually cannot handle the increases numbers.   Not so here!   The food was superb, service more than acceptable and a bargain to boot!
5	Killer  salmon salad!  Positively terrific service!Desserts were monumentally superior in taste and presentation.  Veneto Cioccolato Valentino was the hands down favorite.Treat a favorite client to an unmatched lunch / dining experience in Scottsdale.
4	Nice atmosphere. Great patio for outdoor dining.The most standout dish of the night was the soup.Pasta e Fasioli- it was delicious. Well balanced, hearty, great flavor.They have a fairly large menu for a small Trattoria, and the prices are fair.
5	I felt like having Italian and I had been to Veneto Trattoria twice before with my husband a few years ago (once dining inside and the other outside).  Both times were wonderful.  Well, this time it was just me, my husband wasn't able to come.  I called the restaurant because it was a Friday evening and thought it might be busy.  Sue, who I now know is the Owner picked up the phone.  She had said they were very full and it was a busy night.  I told her it would be just me dining.  She said there is one open seat at the bar if that was okay and she would hold it for me.  I arrived about 15 minutes later and she said "Amy, your seat is has been reserved right over there at the bar".  Well, there was a cute little reserved sign and the place settting all set.  I felt like a VIP.  The Bartender, his name is Felix was so busy, I've never seen someone move so much noticedI me and said "Oh, Amy?  I said yes. and he said great, we've been waiting for you".  It was like coming home from a long vacation.  I was treated so wonderfully and my meal (the lasagna) was so fabulous not to mention their bread (italian thick sliced plus focaccia pieces served with whipped butter) was awesome.  I love bread.  Felix put a few extra focaccia pieces in my doggie bag since I couldn't finish all my lasagna.  They make their own Lemoncello so I had their version of a lemon drop martini with salt on half the rim.  It was one of the best I've ever had.  When, I got up to go, one of the other servers (who was not responsible for me at all) said to me "thank you for coming".  I can't express how well run and how welcoming this restaurant is.  The Staff is phenomenal.  I made it a point to tell Sue, the Owner my feelings and she smiled with pride.  It's nice for an owner of a business to hear good things rather than the usual complaints.  Too bad not enough people stop to pay a compliement rather than offer a criticism.
4	This restaurant is a real gem in Scottsdale, which has many restaurants, many of which are overpriced or mediocre. Everything on the menu is excellent, so whether you have a taste for pasta or fish or veal, you will find a wonderful dish. I am partial to the simple classic preparation of fresh fish here.Wines are very good and moderately priced--go with the Italian ones. The wait staff is attentive but not intrusive. Buon Appetito!
5	I travel to Phoenix often, and this is the third time I've been to Veneto Trattoria.  I go here alone, sit at the bar, and Felix, a great bartender, is one of the most friendly and helpful servers you will find.  The food is fantastic...I love the fettucini with duck ragout, which when paired with the Italian Sangiovese is incredible!  I have always felt welcome, my business appreciated, and the service terrific.  You will not be disappointed with the level of service and food quality.  Enjoy!
2	Based on the reviews i really wanted to enjoy this place.. but geez... it was really mediocre... The place was 1/2 full and i walked up with my daughter and asked for a table for 2  the hostess said, do you have a reservation? i said no.. she said, ok.. hmmm let  me check... looked around a bit and then sat us outside..The waiter was less than friendly, the food was not warm and relatively tasteless - i had the limon chicken...Let me compare to a neighboring restaurant, Humble Pie, which is just on the face a basic pizza place - but the staff was super friendly,  very attentive and the food was hot and quick.Handles down i would suggest their neighboring restaurant - menu was not has extensive but service was better and consistent.
2	We sat on the patio on a beautiful spring evening with a large group and the service was good enough, but the food was sooOo average, like so many Italian restaurants around here. It's quite frustrating actually. Actually, the tiramisu was quite good, and we did enjoy some grappa at the end of the meal.
5	This is probably our favorite Italian restaurant in Arizona.  It's small, quaint and patronized by all the locals.  It's tough to find since it is in a strip mall located behind Houston's in the Hilton Village shops.   The food is to die for, the waiters are Italian (or do a great job with fake accents ;).  A must go if you are looking for the best Italian in Scottsdale.
5	Found on Yelp!  Craving Italian, we stopped in without a reservation pre-theatre and were seated immediately.  Server Wanda recommended the Pinot Bianco wine special on 1/2 price and it was superb!  We started with the salmon bruschetta and it was sublime.  I had the lasagna and my wife went for the whole wheat pasta caprese with tomatoes and mozzarella of course, and both were served with delicious Italian bread and butter.  This is the place to get your northern Italian on in Scottsdale!  Dining room full by the time we left so reservations recommended unless you go early like we did.
2	I chose this place because the menu looked interesting. The staff was very friendly and the customer service excellent.  The food unfortunately, was very bland.  I had the speghetti with clams and it really lacked flavor.  It tasted like clam liquor and little else.  There were large slivers of garlic, which is very assertive to bite into to eat.  The desserts were okay although our server stated that they offered a chocolate "souffle"  it was not a real souffle-more like a microwave cake.  I wouldn't recommend this place nor will I go back.
5	My favorite Italian place, esp for a workday lunch!  Torn between 4 or 5 stars.  I pretty much avoid Italian restaurants like the plague (dad's from Italy, so I'm pretty snobby about my Italian food).  But a friend convinced me, and this food is delicious and authentic!  (Just a warning though - if you like greasy, garlic powder, sauce-from-a-jar "Italian" food please don't come here and write a bad review.)  On a positive note, terrific tiramisu and I love the grilled vegetable plate. Great service too.  Some might say they're slow to bring the check but Italians do not rush people out of their restaurants.  It's refreshing.  I have had the same server pretty much every time and he's awesome. He's either Italian or a really good actor.
5	I have been to many Italian restaurants around the world and call Veneto Trattoria Home....This is my favorite Great Staff food and wine .....
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. We stop for lunch after a movie at Camelview 5. The pasta is interesting with decent portions. The salads are good too. We never have room for dessert. My wife loves Italian white wines and we invariably double our bill by splitting a bottle.  The selection is big enough to encourage purchasing a bottle.   We have always had good service. There are obviously some regulars. Servers are nice to us but the regulars get special treatment. Definitely worth a stop. Don't let the strip mall location discourage you.
4	We are Italians from Lake Como so we look for authentic Italian food every where we go.  To me the best Italian restaurant in Scottsdale is Andreoli followed by the pizza at Pomo.  The third best is Trattoria Veneto.  Order their pasta bolognese and you'll discover the subtlety of how real Italians prepare this dish.  They also do an excellent job of veal scallopini with porcini mushrooms.  The atmosphere is nice but not special or memorable.  We love the Italian lady who waits on us and Michele the owner from Treviso.What I appreciate about this restaurant, Andreoli  and Pomo is that they haven't changed their cuisine to suit the American palette.  You get real Italian food at these three.
5	Based on the Yelp reviews my husband and I had dinner at Veneto Trattoria. It was wonderful! I had the seafood pasta special, my husband the veal special. Both were over the top!  Our waiter recommended a wine from Sicily that was as smooth as a good Italian wine can get. Breads and salad excellent. Service as good as the food.
1	After receiving -2- poorly cooked Veal T-Bones, The first I asked for Med-R and it came overcooked and dry nearly burnt, the 2nd attempt was seared Rare as Veal Sashimi... The owner came to my table and began to lecture me on how Veal can't be cooked between the 2 versions that I had been given! In fact the owner was rude, disrespectful, and angry.  He told me that I had no right to send back 2 steaks and that I should leave!  My friend and I completely shocked and speechless stood up and walked out.I have been to this place a handful of times in the past and always had adequate experiences, but to be treated this way as a customer is disgusting and there is no excuse for this poor behavior.What I will share with you is this restaurant caters to an older demographic of guests.  There are many regulars who visit this establishment, who are used to average food, below par service, and most likely don't know any better to distinguish from very average to a truly worthwhile dining experience.The owner waltzes around bragging and telling stories of his past and of Italy... Some people may want to be in this kind of environment, however do not plan on going here if you want privacy as this place is very small and lacks the kind of romantic italian ambiance that one who hope for.  If you are looking for really good food save your time and money.  The food is average at best!  The prices are not some great value either.  The average entree price is just about $18, and apps/salads are each about $9 on avg.Truthfully there are better places to eat in the valley and there should never an instance where a customer is treated so poorly by an owner.  Close your eyes and imagine seared rear meat-- I have had seared tuna sashimi that was more cooked than the steak that was brought to me.  This is inexcusable and poor execution.  Makes me wonder who they have working in their kitchen.Pretty disappointing. Epic Fail!
1	We had dinner there last evening, 1/22/14.  Service was very good from our server who was from Sicily .  Food...not so much, although the spinach salad with goat cheese was excellent.  Having just returned from Italy, we were hungry for more of what we experienced in dining.  We had gnocchi with a walnut sauce that was horrid and inedible gray sauce with potato lumps pretending to be gnocchi.  The Orecchietta w/sausage, pasta was tough and not cooked properly and the red sauce which was suppose to be a pepperoncino spicy sauce appeared to be the bland drain off a can of tomato sauce.We did not stay for dessert.
5	This has authentic Italian cuisine.  I recommend this restaurant to customers if they want a great meal. The hostess Joanne always greets us with a friendly and welcoming attitude. Thanks for the great food and wonderful service!
3	I had higher hopes for Veneto based on some of the Yelp reviews I read prior to going and it was good but definitely not great.  Again, like most of my meals on this trip, it was dinner with a big group of coworkers. By far, the dish that got the most rave reviews was the special of the day a  Dover Sole that they boned and filleted for you at the table.  But.... I didn't order that and neither did the guy next to me.I started with a house salad with a vinaigrette that was overwhelmed by the amount of vinegar in the dressing.  For an entree, I got veal parmigiana which was two smallish pounded out pieces of veal with good tomato sauce good mozzarella on top and some overcooked squash, zucchini and carrots on the side.  It was tasty but not much veal for the price paid.  The guy next to me got the Osso Bucco and judging by how he had to hack at it with a knife, far from the fall of the bone tender you expect from a braised dish.Based on how happy the Dover Sole crowd was with what they ordered, I'd be willing to give it another go on a subsequent trip to Scottsdale but they would need to step it up all the way around to get a third visit.
5	We've been here a number of times; it's my go-to Italian restaurant.During our last visit we were a party of six and we each had an appetizer and a main course.The person least likely to stab me with a fork (my wife) let me try her salad.  Red lettuce, arugula, almonds and Parmesan cheese with a red wine vinaigrette - yummmm. I started with the pasta e fasioi.  Good choice if you want to warm up a bit. On to the main course.  I had the gnocchi which is served with a meat sauce. I always get the gnocchi here because it's really really good.  My wife had the liver and onions. No, I didn't try it - it was liver and onions! I almost took a star off because this is on the menu.  But, it made my wife happy so the star remains.  They have an extensive menu of beef, veal, pork, fish, chicken, pasta, etc. I don't see how you can go wrong with any of the dishes.Six people - appetizers, main course, two bottles of vino - $344 plus tip ($57/person).  Not cheap, but worth it.Will we be back? Si! Amo questo posto.
5	The most delightful spot filled with smiles and warmth...Italian Style!  Lovely food and the most comfortable ambiance.  I love sitting outside in the evening.  My go to place to refresh my sensibilities!
1	I've been an avid Yelp user for many years and rarely go to a restaurant without checking it out on Yelp first. However, I've never taken the time to open an account and write a review because, well, I'm generally quite lazy. But my experience here last week was enough for me to finally do it.I have never met a ruder individual than the owner of this restaurant. The food came out and our table of five were a little disappointed by the food, it wasn't terrible by no means, just mediocre at best. I ordered the Chicken Parmesan with pasta; it came out with mashed potato (sounds strange, but it's true). I asked the waiter (who was awesome!) to take it back and change it for pasta. Which he did. The owner then came out and began to argue/shout at me saying that I should've made it clear I wanted pasta, not mashed potato. It was the most surreal experience.Anyhow, we quickly finished up, paid the bill and left a healthy tip for the waiter. It wasn't his fault he got caught up in the middle of it.So in review; Food = Average (not terrible). Ambiance = Nice little place! Waiters = Awesome.Owner = Hands down, the WORST business owner I've ever met.My friends/family and I spend $100's of dollars every week eating at various places in Scottsdale/Paradise Valley and we make our decisions based on the food (obviously), but equally important to us is who is profiting from our spending. Vento Trattoria will not get another penny from us. I'd advise you all to pick another local Italian Restaurant where you and your guest(s) will be treated well and you are not lining the pockets of a horrible man.
5	I went to this place for the first time a couple months ago, was on my lunch break and had stopped somewhere nearby and stumbled upon it.  Let me just say, I wondered HOW I didn't know about this place sooner.I ordered the Chicken Milanese, which was great, but what REALLY blew me away were the meatballs and absolutely delicious sauce!!I received a card in the mail from the owner's (handwritten) thanking me for coming, so it jogged my memory to write this review.  I was very impressed by the fact that the owner's took the time to send that card and thank a patron.  I will FOR SURE be back, in fact the day I went there I raved about them on Facebook.Other notable things to mention:  The service was excellent, and the ambience was nice too.  And they have outdoor seating as well.
4	Very typical Italian ambiance, excellent food, a better than average wine list.Be wary of the waiter than tells you that a second glass of Antinori Sangiovese will give you a headache in the morning (such arrogance).  Made me wonder why the owner would include a wine on his menu that will give patrons a headache!
5	Cane here twice on my trip to Arizona and was so impressed both times! The people whp qork there are so nice and ALWAYS on top of everything. I never had to ask for more water, they saw it low and immediately came over to refill.  The bread was also great and they bring oil and vinegar and butter. The first time I went I started with their meatball appetizer. I highly suggest getting this (it is an Italian place but they do not believe I'm spaghetti and meatballs) then I had the sea bass as my mail course which was good but a bit dry. It came with some vegetables which were so good. The second time I had the gnocchi with gorgonzola and walnuts except I asked them to add a bit of red sauce to it. That was SO DELICIOUS. I was so happy that they were so willing to change up their menu to accommodate my needs. Parking: when I went there was a lot of parking all around (it is in a strip mall so there is a lot of parking)
5	A group of 5 of us in the Scottsdale area for work. After sightseeing, we decided upon Veneto's for dinner based on the Yelp reviews. The service was fantastic, our waiter was wonderful and so attentive. The food was just as great as the service! I had the Integrali Caprese pasta with spaghetti. All of us in our group enjoyed our meals and were all impressed with the wonderful service. Since I do travel to area for work I will definitely make it a point to come to Veneto again.
3	I am torn in writing this review. On our first visit the food was outstanding. The pasta tasted very fresh and the salmon was cooked perfectly. We couldn't wait to come back. We returned again a few weeks later and decided to order linguini with clams and veal ravioli. The linguini was OK, nothing special. The sauce was a bit watery and the clams were slightly overcooked. If this was the only issue we probably would still want to return and try again. However, the raviolis were dreadful. The veal was mushed up inside like cat food and they were so salty we could barely swallow them. It was an extremely disappointing meal. Now I am not sure if we will be able to give Veneto Trattoria another chance or not.
2	We were looking for a good Italian restaurant because our kids were craving pasta while on vacation here in scottsdale. We tried veneto and were overall unimpressed especially considering the prices. We don't mind paying close to $20 for good pasta but we felt what we got was pretty bland and not very fresh or authentic tasting (we are italian). My husband had the orrichiette and I had the pasta with eggplant. My husband requested hot oil or peppers but the only had the dry pepper flakes available (blech). Our kids just had plain spaghetti in a tomato sauce (they charged us 13.95 for each). Service was ok but ambiance was setting was really dated.  There was a stale odour when we walked in. Maybe it was the carpet. The place is in need of a major Reno. The dim lighting must be hiding more wear on tear in the restaurant. I would not recommend this place or return.
1	The atmosphere had a certain aire of the 1970s to it.  It was so dark in there everyone from age 22 to 83 had to read the menu by cellphone light.  This was ridiculous.  The waitress was rather abrupt.  Our salads were salty very nearly to the point of being inedible.  The entrees were uninspiring, neither bold nor subtle, just bland, and in the case of the cabbage, once again very salty.  Really, just go to the Olive Garden.
5	The very best pasta with sauces that are exquisite. On top of that, that ambiance is truly charming with Service that is marvelous.  We love this place.
3	I've come to Veneto's several times over the past 15 years. The gnocchi is always great. That being said, service can be very slow. It's a bit dated inside (or I suspect, some people would call it cozy) and the crowd is older. It's in an odd location, behind Houston's. After our last visit about two weeks ago, I'm not sure if we will return. For being dead inside, the service took an hour for two salads, gnocchi and a sandwich. It would have taken longer, but we took our check with the main dishes.
5	Wanted to find an amazing Italian restaurant and we hit the spot! This place is hard to find in a strip mall but it's very homey and romantic. The service is impeccable. He was even recommending lots of half and half choices!! We had the two vegetarian soups with pumpkin lentil and vegetarian vegetable soup. Then had the carpaccio and the seared scallops as the special appetizer. For dinner we had the sea bass, seafood pasta, shrimp angolotti, and orchietta. Then the vegetarian dad got to try the half and half vegetarian pasta! So amazing! Could not believe how good the food is here for an Italian restaurant!
5	We had a fantastic dinner AGAIN!  Gnocchi Gorgonzola, veal scallopine, pasta with clams, and filet with wine sauce.  I come from Chicago and it's still one of my top Italian restaurants anywhere.  Wine list wonderful, service is knowledgeable and efficient.  You cannot say one bad thing!   Authentic fresh delicious Italian...like me
