3	In a world where stripmalls and fastfood joints dominate the roadside with the same, tired, homogenous, uninspired victuals, it's nice to know that there are still places where you can get a solid meal "like your mother used to make."You know, the kind of place where a stick-to-the-ribs lunch or dinner will fuel you up for a day of antiquing or biking or touristing in quaint places like Saint Jacobs, Ontario.  Stone Crock isn't savvy or urbane or the kind of place to impress your prom date with or get a martini, but it's exactly the right place if you're looking for a solid meal featuring almost any cuisine one could expect.  Good fare, good service, good rustic ambience, good relaxation.  In the end, do we really need anything more?
5	We went here as a group of 33 ladies on this past week-end, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food, and the service at Stone Crock!! The Cream of Potato soup was amazing and the Servers were consistently filling up our coffees! Big Thumbs UP! Would definitely return!
3	My sister and I drove to St. Jacobs and poked in the cute craft shops.  We had a late lunch at the Stone Crock Restaurant.We both had the buffet ... it was $12.99 each.  There was salad, mashed potatoes, double baked potatoes, turkey cacciatore, some kind of schnitzel, roast beef, turkey and dressing, sausages, corn, broccoli, etc.  It was okay, not great.  The "skin" on the gravy was kind of scary.  The roast, though, was surprisingly good.There were pies for dessert but there was an extra charge ... we both passed.It seems to be the kind of place that attracts busloads of older folk.Our server took good care of us.
4	I've been here twice. Once it was day-after-party haven, the second time it was hosting out-of-town family gold. Both times we came here for the Sunday buffet brunch. I'm such a light weight that buffets are wasted on me. The place is perfect for the ravenous though. I especially like the omelet station! There's always roast beef (a hit with the fam), ham cut to order and a massive whole salmon waiting to be dug into. The dessert selection is quite extensive though not to my taste. Endless coffee, tea and oj does the trick for me. Though there are cheaper options ($17.99 for Sunday brunch), for value, and pure 'big business in small town' feel, I'm giving the Stone Crock a thumbs up.
