2	Hmmm. I was a little disappointed when I went to this dealership to pick up a t-shirt. There were plenty of people working there in the retail section of the store, and not one person asked if we needed assistance. Maybe I don't look like a motorcycle mama.I did find a cool t-shirt for the man, and I'm sure that if I was needing parts for a hog they'd be great, but a mightier than though attitude from a sales clerk is a huge let down. I would go back to the dealer in Phoenix to look for anything else I needed.Oh, they had cool faucets in the restroom.
3	Nice showroom for the HD experience. Some bikes were marked above retail HD price claiming market demand. I hate paying retail for anything. Don't expect any special discounts. Hey, it's where the celebrities buy and pay anything...
4	Great staff, easy to rent but make sure to reserve your ride in advance, the have a limited inventory.
4	What a great place. Stopped by to grab some stuff for an oil change and look around a bit. I must have been greeted by 6 people before I made my way to the parts counter! Was helped by a very knowledgeable guy who was more then happy to get what I needed. I explained that I was new to the area and was looking for a dealership to lean on in case I had a problem. Here this guy was just starting there too. He was good and they had all the stuff I needed and he even reminded me of the o-ring I needed for the drain plug on my dyna. Let me tell you, I would have been pissed if I rolled home without it! On the way out the door I was asked if I had gotten everything I needed and if the "new" guy took care of me. I told him yes and how everyone had been really nice and he thanked me and introduced himself as the  owner! Nice dude for sure and the new guy wasn't so new after all, just new there. Check this place out for your HD needs and the guy at the counters name was Mike, easy for me to remember!
4	I just bought my first bike and It is a 2002 Buell Blast.  The previous owner did not maintain as well as it needed to but with such low miles it was a bargin!   Mike and Jim in the Service Dept made me feel better about my decision to purchase a used bike and they were very helpful to explain everything to me about what was wrong.  Fortunately the bike is ready to roll and this new bike owner is ready too!  Thanks again to the Service Guys - Mike and Jim!!!!
4	Harleys are one of life's guilty pleasures!I have come here several times and have always found the employees to be both friendly and helpful.  This dealership also has a rental operation which I haven't used, but is suppose to be very easy to get in and out.Enjoy!
4	Unlike most people who come to browse and drool, I actually OWN a few Harley's and a Harley Davidson F150 truck, so here I am purchasing everything under the sun with the HD logo for gifts and bike parts for myself. The downside of it all is that it is now everywhere, and as a status symbol the merchandise is expensive, which is good since I also have stock in this company too. Hacienda has a great showroom and their prices on bikes are very reasonable. If you ever need answers, they're pretty good with those too. Read a yelp review here from Georgie M who rates the rental operation even when he didn't use it. Well I have, you need to book early and they have NEW bikes! Which is cool, my friends fly in from NYstate and were off and riding with no hassles, just remember to totally check out ALL the small flaws and/or scratches on the bike during check-out.
4	I went to a Ladies Garage Party at the new Harley Davidson of Scottsdale and had a fantastic time!  The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, LOVES to RIDE and shares that joy with everyone they talk to.  I learned about some new equipment and am looking forward  to the new test track that will be opening soon!  I LOVED meeting Ms. Lola, a fellow native New Yorker :-) and talking to her!  Great overall experience!!!
5	HD of Scottsdale has improved drastically since transfer of ownership from Hacienda. The staff moral is up, and the events are much more exciting. Purchase a bike and witness the amazing celebration in honor of the customer!!! Dont miss the next Ladies Garage Party, they have some awesome information and giveaways!!!
4	Stopped at HD of Scottsdale on my way from Atlanta to San Francisco to get the bike a 10K service and checked out end to end before my ride through the desert to LA. Ari took care of me: fit me to get a 10K service had the techs fix the improper wiring on the rear turn lights (discounted) and worked on fixing the vintage horn. Their customer lounge was comfy and the free wifi appreciated. They even washed the bike, which it was very much in need of. Last star missing because techs reported that it wasn't the wiring but the horn that was dead. Turns out when I attached a 12volt feed to the horn it did in fact work. They didn't charge for the labor on the horn wiring, so it's not like I got took. Thanks guys for helping with a safe ride back to SF.
5	Formerly, Hacienda of Scottsdale, our experience here was fantastic! I was able to test-ride off the lot with Kevin through neighborhoods and open up on the 101 before purchasing.  Judi knew her stuff and was able to answer any performance questions we asked.  Minor modifications needed to be done to accommodate my size and this was left to blind faith since we live out of state but, John, in the service department took good care of us and the bike was ready when we picked it up!  Fits me perfectly!  Give the new owners a chance, this is my 3rd Harley and my favorite dealership!  Look for Lola in clothing.  Thanks to everyone! I'll be riding in style next time I'm in town.
5	Attended the Steppenwolf Concert...Very very well organized...!!!...No lines...The concert was amazing... Will continue to shop there...and attend all future events..!!!...
5	Was taking a riding class next door, stopped in to look at a helmet and riding boots. I was allowed to look around without being pounced upon by a salesman, and the moment I looked like I needed help, Lola showed up and helped me with everything I needed.  Didn't try and sell me stuff I wasn't interested in, answered all my questions and helped me get the right things that I needed that fit perfectly. If the rest of the dealership is like the apparel store then they have a customer for life! Great first impression. Lola is a perfect example of setting great expectations for the rest of the dealership!
5	If your looking for a Harley please don't waste time with other places like I did. Go to Scottsdale Harley and ask for Shelly. Honest, nice, friendly, and a upfront from the beginning. Everyone was nice but if your looking for a no pressure experience Shelly at Scottsdale Harley is the way to go.Cold drinks for its guests and friendly staff :)
4	Great shop. Easy to work with especially when it came to rentals. I booked online and picked up signed some papers and I was on my way to an adventure of a lifetime. Nice and clean and a lot of soft goods on the floor, not very common at the HD shops in my home area. Great shop nice staff check em out!
5	New favorite place! Super nice staff! Great location. Amenities are nice and apparently only going to get better with new additions coming. Husband now a patched member of the Brotherhood of Marine Corp Riders!
5	Flew to Phoenix for a long weekend and rented a Motorcycle from here, as did about 20 friends too. Although everyone who works here went above and beyond what their job is, there are 2 I feel compelled to single out for their exceptional efforts to make sure we all got what we needed.In the rental dept, Dan Dvorak just did everything and more than anyone renting a bike could ask, never mind the fact that 5 or 6 of us were there getting bikes at the same time.In the clothes division, I had to buy shirts for 4 lady friends back home and thankfully I had Jenna Lee helping me choose the shirts...I had their sizes, but even then buying clothes for ladies can be tricky and yet she did it..She went so far as to ask other sales ladies try on things, if their body sixe and shape was similar to my friends.. Maybe I am jaded by being from the north, but the way they all treated us all was far above and beyond what any of us are used to...Thank you all and a special thanks to Chappy too.
1	Terrible customer service. When I walk in, not one person greets me. The employees are too absorbed in conversation and don't notice the customers walking in. After I had looked around plenty and found some things I wanted to buy from the motor clothes department I was ready to check out. The two girls behind the counter were talking to someone for a long time while I waited. Several sales people were standing close by but never nodded or felt it'd be helpful to ask if I needed help. I figured I'd walk around the customer service island and wait behind the man they were talking to so I'd get noticed. As soon as I got close, the two motor clothes girls saw me approach and broke off conversation, turned away and went back to looking busy. I had to raise my voice and ask if I could pay for this.  One was noticeably bothered and gave me the most curt, annoyed service I'd ever received. This was during Bike Week when you'd think the store would be prepared to service the customers. The store was not so busy that they wouldn't notice. Every where I looked, staff was mostly standing around talking with other "shirt wearing" employees.
1	The reason for the one star . The sales staff still acts like "What can you do for me" after all we are the biggest Harley Dealer in the SouthWest !! I went in will all intentions of trading my bike and buying a New Street glide . The price they allowed for my trade was $1000.00 below Blue book value . Then the fun began,  I wanted a Black Street glide which they did not have in stock. Asked them to order one if we make deal . NO! was the answer "Take what we have on the floor!!! . Rude ,just plain rude is all I can say about the sales staff . The service and rental people are way above the sales staff ( I would give them 5 stars )  ,in fact sales ought to take some lessons from them on how to treat a customer . Bought a new Street Glide from another dealer who know how to treat a potential customer .
2	In an old review of a restaurant I wrote about how people will go to the same place to eat over and over and then when something bad happens they are quick to come on here and write a bad review about it.  Well this is similar to a review like that.  Here is why.I'll start with a little background.  I have been coming to this dealership since Rick Hatch owed it, and to me it feels like the same place now that it is under new ownership.  I am sure that will change once the new gigantic dealership is built.  I have enjoyed the rides, parties, bikes, and beers and and everything that goes along with being loyal to a dealership.  Today that has changed.I decided to get my bike dyno tuned because I have some friends who have the same size engine (88) that I do and they leave me in the dust when we ride.  My bike has pipes (not performance pipes) and a SE air filter and a SE Race Tuner.  I uploaded several stock maps to see what felt best and I decided to really maximize the performance of my bike I needed to have it dyno tuned.  And it would be nice to keep up when everyone takes off at a light.When my bike was on the dyno the rear tire fell apart.  It was a ME880 and the ones made in Brazil have been known to have problems.  It was a newer tire with a ton of rubber left on it.  When I went to the dealership to see what happened Jeff the tech that was doing the dyno told me that he had the bike going 120 MPH when he started getting hit with rubber.  I didn't know my bike could go that fast.  Anyway they took no responsibility for the tire.  They told me that it was from Brazil and that they stopped making that tire there because of situations like this.  I am aware of this so I was not too pissed.  Well my bike kind of needed a new tire since I couldn't ride it.  If I could have I would have went to Moto Tire and got a new one for less then $200 all said and done.  I talked to a different Jeff who is a service manager and he said that he would hook me up with the install.  He also told me that if I only replaced the rear that I would have miss matched treads and it would ride like shit.  So I told them to do the front too.The dealership is running a special and it is advertised that if you buy a rear tire you get the front for free and installation is $75.  I will post a picture of it.  When I went to pick my bike up they did not hook me up at all and I was getting the same deal as anyone that walks in off the street.  Jeff told me that he was going to help me out with the install and shook my hand on that. So his word means nothing! I was shocked to be handed a bill of 860 something dollars.  Here I was thinking they would take care of me a little bit because they destroyed my tire when it was on their machine.  Kyle the "service consultant" who gave me the bill called Jeff to come deal with me.  Jeff told me that he did hook me up.  No he didn't.  He now tells me that the deal that is advertised to everyone is what he can do for me.  After talking with him for a while he realized that I was never given a quote from Kyle (Jeff said, "they live and die by their quotes".) probably because he thought Jeff was going to take over based on what he said to me and shook on it.  The entire experience fucking sucked.  I was charged $150 for the install of the 2 tires, $25 for "Shop Supplies" on the dyno tune (what supplies were those?), and $15 for "Shop Supplies" on the tire install (what supplies were those?).  Besides a weight to balance the tire and some lube what supplies were used to install a tire?  And I thought dyno tune was all labor.  I guess I am wrong.  Jeff did end up taking $50 off, but big whoop.  My $426 dyno tune turned into $815.01 for 2 tires and a tune.  On the tune I went from 62.20 horse power to 62.40 horse power and 67.74 foot pounds of torque to 70.32.  My air/fuel ratio is better by about the same numbers.  I just got home from riding with some friends which might be why this review sucks (my writing I mean), or it could be that it is 2:30 in the morning, but either way I am not happy with my bill from today.  While I was riding I kept thinking about the entire situation and the way it all went down and I feel screwed.  I do like my new tires and even though the tune didn't change my numbers that much my bike did run a lot better.  There should have been more communication, I should have been given a quote for the tires, they should have contacted Metzeler to get the destroyed tire take care of, they should have not charged me $150 to install the tires, and they should have just been all around cooler.  I hope this helps anyone that is thinking about getting their bike serviced here.  And if anyone from the dealership reads this and wants to contact me, go for it.  I am going to bed!
1	Yikes, what a service nightmare.  I took my bike here for a scheduled oil change and to have a flat tire fixed.  What resulted was the age old rape the customer for every penny add as little value for as much money as possible snafu you'd expect from some mechanic stranded in the middle of the desert a la  Billy Bob Thornton's character in the movie U Turn.  The tire ended up being the tube only, $150, okay I can live with that at the Harley shop.  The synthetic oil change $130, same deal.  I decided to go ahead with the 20K service as well, which was $385 and negated the oil change cost, so I was around $560 after tax with those services.  Painful yes, but again, expected due to the market cornering logo Harley Davidson being attached.But here's where things went awry.  I received a voicemail from Ari in the service department the next day, as I avoided the call hoping to check my messages and simply be told the bike was done and ready for pickup, but something made leary of answering.  I checked my voicemail to find Ari had left a message detailing all the great things they had done to my bike which we had never discussed and they made the executive decision to "fix" like changing my amber colored light bulbs to red and removing he smoked out lens covers, so as to allegedly keep me  with the law.  They also changed the bolt which fastened down the leather strip accessory on my back fender, as they claimed it had been digging in to my back tire when I hit bumps.Ok, great.  If the things you changed on my bike without consulting me helped me to stay compliant, and prolonged the life of my tire, great.   But then Ari, ever the salesman, err customer service rep, informed me my tail lights were no longer working and it would only be an additional $185 for parts and labor to get them fixed.  To wit, I responded, my taillights were working when I dropped the bike off yesterday, and they've quit working under your care, I'm not paying for you to correct the problem you created while making changes to my bike we never discussed.Ari, oh Ari, said he would talk to his manger and came back with a response that he was given permission to waive the labor cost if I paid the $105 part cost to fix the taillights.  I reiterated my position about the lights working when I dropped it off, and somehow the price went from $560 to $585 and I agreed to do it versus leaving with nonworking taillights.During the conversation, Ari stated Harley Davidson gets enough jobs that they do not need to drum up extra business by creating new problems.  I told him I thought that was strange he felt to address or state that when I never accused them of doing such.  Basically if you have to create and state an alibi to something that hasn't been accused, it seems suspicious.Beyond the taillight debacle, Ari stated all bikes getting serviced in he HD service dept get a custom something or other power wash, so I expected to get my bike back gleaming at the very least.  After coming to an agreement about the taillights, Ari tells me "I'd like to give it a bath if you have time."  I'm thinking, ya that's part of what I paid for.  So I waited another half hour for my bike, long enough to be approached by a sales lady who informed me they'd give me a whole $3K as trade in on my aped out, customized 2008 Nightster if I wanted to buy the $19K Fat Boy Lo I was admiring.  When Ari finally brings my bike around it looks like the time I washed it in the dark after a 12 pack, like Ray Charles washed it.  I told him it was a shitty wash job, and he responded we didn't do that, we could buff it out if you want.  Not even sure what he was talking about, but basically, ever the salesman, deny all plausability or accountability, like the taillights that quit working under their watch, and try to gloss over the subject.Totally disappointing experience.  They have a sign up on the lot next door about their upcoming new facility coming soon.  Apparently they're trying to expedite their move by upcharing and upselling their customers while providing as little service as possible.
5	I've bought two bikes from these guys in the past year.  My very first bike an iron 883 and a few months later a softail slim.  Cory helped me with both he's now in finance but if you're in there totally recommend asking for him.  Buying a motorcycle here was a unique experience because there is truly no hard selling happening.  At least at this dealership.  Very relaxed atmosphere and they let you rock a gong when you buy a bike.  Cherry on top is all the babes that work there cheer you on as you do it(simple things in life) Besides having a huge selection and an awesome service department it's just a cool spot to stop by especially on Saturdays.  They always have a BBQ going around noon burgers soda and so on.  Can't wait to see the new space which is currently under construction across the street.
5	This place is the real deal. After visiting every dealer in the valley I have found them to be honest, hardworking, and overall a good time. The employees are positive and upbeat and provide a great atmosphere. Wont bring my bike to any other service department, cant wait for the new facility!
4	So 4 stars stands for "Yay! I'm a fan".  I am a fan of this dealership.  I actually just got my bike back from them again.  After I wrote my last review my bike sat for a few days and when I went to ride there was no air in the new rear tire.  It took me a while to find the leak.  It was actually coming from one of the spokes.  I have aftermarket wheels that you can run tubeless tires on.  I was very hesitant to take my bike back to the dealership after what had happened on my last visit.  I called Ride Wright who is the manufacturer of my wheels and they told me that I can either send them my wheel and have them reseal it for 70 bucks or run a tube on it.  I decided to let the guys at HD of Scottsdale take a look at it because they did just install the tire on the wheel that was now leaking.  They told me that it was nothing that they did and that it was leaking because it was an old wheel, but that they were going to take care of me and send it to Ride Wright and have it resealed.  Well, they did send it to Ride Wright and it now has a new seal.  They did me a solid by taking care of that and it is appreciated.  Everybody there was cool today and they even had a Father's Day event going on with free food and drinks and bikini bike washes and stuff like that.
5	This may have been one of the most festive and entertaining Harley Davidson dealers I've ever visited. These folks know how to have a good time at work and they take very good care of their customers with awesome service, great selection of bikes and apparel, and knowledgeable staff. I visited here a few weeks ago on my visit to Scottsdale. I am always looking for the best Harley apparel and this place had a huge selection on vests, shirts (of all kinds), and motorcycle accessories. They also have one of the biggest showroom floors I have ever been to. If you are a Harley Davidson enthusiast, this is your place. You will be taken very good care of here.
5	Best experience I have had buying anything EVER! I bought my first Harley (an 883 Iron) from Kevin about a week ago and it was an amazing experience! He took the time to make sure I was comfortable with the bike and introduced me to someone in every department at the dealership to make sure I knew exactly how my bike operates, what accessories I can get, and when I need to service my bike. Once I actually purchased the bike they had a countdown and I got to bang a gong. Everyone at the dealership congratulated me personally and they were genuinely happy for me. They do their absolute best to make you feel like you are joining the greatest club on earth not just buying a motorcycle.
5	I came in looking for shirts for father's day and was amazed at how helpful everyone was. Lola in Motorclothes was awesome, everyone was full of energy and seemed genuinely excited to be there. Met a few of the service guys on our way out, extremely nice and very knowledgeable. Best dealership in the valley- Leaps and Bounds ahead
5	Harley Davidson of Scottsdale is by far, the most customer 'centered' dealer I've ever encountered.  Judi Almeida and the entire HDOS sales team made my new HD purchase a breeze.  By taking care of of every detail from start to finish, it was evident their goal was to exceed my expectations and deliver an outstanding "customer service experience". They also have an awesome customer care program that creates a relationship with every person who becomes their client.  This proves the connection they have with their clients will continue long after you ride your bike off their lot. I would highly recommend them to anyone considering purchasing a HD Motorcycle! If you're like me and love having all things HD, ask for Lola Rogich in accessories and apparel!  She took great care of me and hooked me up with some fantastic clothing and bling for the new bike.
3	OK....So after my last review my bike sat for a week and when I went to ride it the rear tire was flat again.  I can't make this stuff up.  At that point I didn't know if I wanted to take it back to the dealership or send the wheel to Ride Wright myself.  I decided to let them (HD of Scottsdale) see what was up with it.  They contacted Ride Wright and they wanted the wheel sent to them with the tire attached this time.  Ride Wright fixed the wheel (again) and I just got my bike back yesterday.  So from the time my bike was put on the dyno at HD of Scottsdale to the time I got it back was 2 months and one day.  It was on the dyno on 5/23/14 and I got it back on 7/24/14.  It was ready on 7/23/14 but i was not able to pick it up.  They dropped it off for me on the 24th which was cool. While the wheel was at Ride Wright this time I was told it was shipping out several times when in fact it was not.  So I thought it was going to be done sooner then it was.  I also called Ride Wright to see why it was leaking again and I was told that the seal was gouged.  They also told be that they rebuilt the entire wheel and that I was getting back (like) a new wheel.  Here is another kicker.  Right now the dealership is running a special on Dyno tunes.  I figured that since I have not had my bike except for one unsafe ride I would see if they would honor the discounted price and give me a bit of a refund.  I asked Jeff, the service manager, and he said no because he has spent about thousand dollars shipping the wheel.  He also said that he understood that I had to ask.  Every time I have seen him since this whole thing has started we give each other the most sarcastic, fake, disingenuous, greeting I have ever experienced.  Its almost to a point where it is funny.  To sum up this entire experience I have to say that I wish I would have had my bike dyno tuned at another dealership and I am sure HD of Scottsdale does too.  My friend had his done at Buddy Stubbs for $300 and had no problems what so ever.  I am still kind of ticked off that they took no responsibility for the tire that was destroyed on their dyno machine while the bike was going 120 mph, and that I was beat up on the price of the new tires.  Everyone that I have told this story too is also shocked that they didn't do anything about the tire.  Oh well!  Stuff happens and now I know better.  Live and learn right.
5	What an AMAZING team!  After a few initial issues, this team was able to win my business. So much so, that I ended up buying a brand-new motorcycle. What an experience! I never have felt such a GENUINE appreciation for my business. I felt like I was treated fairly, with respect, and I really felt like my presence there was valued. Bill, Shawn, Troy, and Ryan are the "A" team!The gong is the best!  The whole experience I can't really say enough about! I am so happy that I was able to buy my bike there and I am so happy to be a part of that family now. Thank you all!
5	We stopped while on a ride to just check out the place and have to say the customer service here is Phenomenal.  we ended up demoing a couple of seats and with Joe's help, found just what we needed.  He installed several different seats for us and made the selection process great.  We'll definitely be back.
1	The service department sucks. I had them dyno my Harley and all they did was drop a map in the bike (if they didnt...then the guy dynoing it really sucked if this is the product of a custom tune). The bike pinged on acceleration and was gutless. There is no way that for the $500 bucks that the mechanic did a custom dyno tune. When I call the service department...they told me that they thought that I didnt know how to ride it. lol. Given my many national/regional championships racing motorcycles I had to laugh. I brought it back in and they took a few days to "dyno it again". I picked the bike up and upon leaving the dealership ran the thing to redline. It was falling flat on its face at top end. Meaning....all the mechanic did was retard the timing so that it wouldnt ping. I took it back and finally after schooling the service manager on how to dyno the bike...it was done right. I dont have a problem with companies falling short on their work and making a mistake and then making it right. These incompetent fools tried to BS their way thru the dyno work on my bike and thought that they were dealing with another 60 year old guy that didnt know crap about motors/motorcycles etc. They were wrong. Last..I would say to never, ever deal with this dealer. There is another experience I had with them that had them being dishonest to me and while they would never meet me face to face and deal with it. It would be another pissing match, back peddling and/or lie to cover up their shady work.I would recommend that you have Nick Trask dyno your bike and if you are going to buy a new Harley...go somewhere else...anywhere but to this place.
1	So I've never actually been here... I tried to get the necessary parts for my 20k service from them though... They took my name, phone number email... Only to completely ignore me. Ended up going to HeadKace in Tempe and they ordered everything I wanted, price matched everything all in a couple if hours... Picked up my parts today... They still haven't contacted me... I was told they had good service but I find that really hard to believe since they couldn't even call me back... Chandler of Harley took two days but at least they got back to me.... Oh well at least they helped me find HeadKace!
5	Only Harley Davidson of Scottsdale is authorized to touch my bike!!!  :-)I always get first class service, a spotless bike, and employees that appreciate our patronage!!!  Ari is my service advisor and he is always cheerful, respectful, and delivers exactly what I expect from my Harley service!  The Staff at HDOS are the most helpful, knowledgeable, loyal, and wonderful people you ever want to deal with! Whether I'm in service, parts, or apparel, someone always acknowledges me immediately! I never have to look for help!  Thank You HDOS!!!  :-)
5	This review is not about buying a bike or servicing a bike; it's about the customer service attitude on the showroom floor.  We had friends were visiting from Italy. They are huge HD fans. I took them to HD of Scottsdale. When we entered the dealership a woman approached, I intercepted her and explained that our friends were visiting from Italy and were not coming in to buy a bike, just look around and take pictures if it was OK.  From that point on we were treated like royalty: could anyone get us coffee, iced tea, would the toddler like some ice cream or popcorn?  Then without any prompting the woman went to her desk and returned with some HD pins, buttons etc to give to our friends souvenirs of their visit. She said we could take pictures of any of the bikes....would we like to sit on some bikes for pictures as well? Without exaggeration, I can honestly say I haven't been treated so cordially in any store including the times when I was buying something.
5	We rented an Electra Glide Classic in early October for a 4 day cruise of AZ after a convention in Scottsdale.  We have nothing but praise for HD of Scottsdale!  From reserving the bike online, the follow up confirmations, the excellent assistance with routing our trip, the ease of the pick up and the perfect amount of time that was spent getting us accustomed to the bike (especially the GPS!)...we could not have asked for a better experience.  When we come back to ride the rest of AZ, we will definitely start with HS of Scottsdale!  Thank you!
5	Let me start by saying, this is the first time I have ever reviewed anything. With that said, I have purchased Harleys from other dealers; new and used. The experience I had a Scottsdale Harley is so far and above anything I have ever had, buying anything. Thanks to Judi, Roger, Bob, Al, Kameko, Patrick, Danny Boy, Kory and Shawn. You guys went all out and made my my day awesome. From the personal service, to everyone knowing my name from first meeting, to ensuring I was taken care of, and the Gong Ceremony. Not to mention the top heavy motorclothes girls handing out hugs. I want to buy another bike tomorrow. I will be back, I will refer to my friends. If you're in the market for a bike or even a T shirt stop in and check them out.
5	I bought an Ultra Classic from another HD Dealer and had a few issues with it and they couldn't seem to get it fixed correctly.  Bike was bouncing all over the place and even I as an inexperienced Classic rider said the shocks needed replacing.  Well, they replaced the shocks and it still seemed to bounce.  I happened to be in Scottsdale so I stopped in to see if the service team had seen this bounce problem before.  Ari took the bike out on one ride, took it in the shop for about 15 minutes to make some adjustments and brought it out to me saying if I needed it to be looked at to being it on back.  WHAT????  How much?  He said nothing...Are you kidding me???  The bike rides amazing now and Ari showed me what needed to be done.  I'm getting ready for an oil change, etc and I'll DEFINITELY be bringing the bike to Scottsdale Harley.  Nobody else does the high quality job that they do.  They have won me as a customer for life!
