4	This place is great. Small shop, where you can drop in a get a few things without having to deal with a big store. I know I gave them only 4 stars now, but I promise to move it to 5 when they get a beer and wine license. : )
4	What a fantastic concept and a much needed mini mart on Rosey Row!  The Bodega boasts a variety of convience store items - ramen noodles, pet supples, a few cleaning agents, ketchup, etc.  But they also offer plenty of items that you would never find a Circle K - locally made ice cream, hula hoops, A BULK SECTION, fresh produce. The prices are very fair and comparable to what you would find at any grocery store. I am very excited for Bodega and hope that the community supports it.  They are keeping a big chalkboard list on what customers are asking for and you are invited to a put a check mark next to items you agree with. The owners have a lot of big ideas (a kitchen, a bike shop, an art shop) and I hope they don't get lost amongst all their great plans.
2	I love the concept. It is wonderful, especially with the loss of the Phoenix Public Market, recently. And while I'd love to give it 5 stars because I want them to do well, I have to give it what is realistic to me, right now. Quite frankly, the prices are just too high to help this place last. I could be wrong, but that's just my feeling. I can't ever see myself spending $7 on a tiny thing of ice-cream (especially when this is considered the larger size). Sure, the convenience of guitar strings and smokes work for local musicians and hardcore smokers who need a fix, but I don't exactly fall into either category. I fall into the category of local resident who needs salt, groceries and/or toilet paper, at times. I'm still just more likely to go somewhere else, at this point. At least until the price situation gets sorted out.
5	I am so stoked to have this place in Downtown my roommates needed to paint something last min on a Tues night and didn't feel like running to Home Depot and I had remembered seeing some at the Bodega so we ran there and it was so much easier than running to Home Depot. On a side note the Teeth painting are uber creepy me no likey!
4	My 'hood is one I enjoy exploring.  There is always something new popping up. There really is a sense of community.  Bodega 420 fits in with the eclectic community.  A little bit of many things...it may surprise you what you can find here.  Or if you would like them to carry something you find essential they put it up on the chalkboard  behind the register so other patrons can cast their vote on whether or not it should find it's way into the Bodega.  This isn't intended to be a FULL blown grocery store but it offers just enough to make it very convenient when you are in need. A person could make it for quite a while without going to a full blown grocery store just shopping here.  My last trip in on a hot summer night, I was jonesing for a popsicle....they were able to satisfy that need.  Thank you Bodega 420..
4	Cute little store located inside a historic home on Roosevelt Row.Enjoyed the selection of convenience store items as well as bulk items in the back. Partially fills the void caused by the closing of the Phoenix Public Market, although I asked and they never intended to complete with PPM in any way. They do not carry as many organic/local items as PPM used to, which is a bit of a dissappointment, hence the lack of one star.However, I loved the giant chalkboard behind the cashier station which includes an ever-growing and changing list of customer requests. I requested pita bread, which they don't currently have. I love that they are sensitive in responding to customers' needs though!
5	I've stopped by on First Friday, on a week night after reading about a deal on kale on Facebook, and when I was downtown looking for a snack. Great selection of gluten-free items, fresh produce, bulk dry goods, and dairy products. I've seen dudes in suits playing on the arcade game, and college types playing instruments on the porch. I met a couple from Boston that was staying at the nearby hostel. I love that it's local, family-owned and operated.
5	Bodega 420 is a quirky addition to downtown living as bodegas enrich a neighborhood with great convenience.  There is a wide variety of locally sourced products such as fruits, veggies, milk...then the standard grab and goes when you don't want to hit a grocery store.General merchandise like ketchup, aluminum foil, Sriracha, etc also lines the shelves as well as cheap soda and energy drinks.  You can also obtain tabacco, local art, and jam on an old Pacman machine.The place is always packed for First Friday as they usually have a couple bands playing out front in the grass.It's a non-traditional market in the cozy Evans Churchill neighborhood that brings fresh food and convenience.
4	It's like a little hometown convenience store. Or.... a great prop to a zombie movie. You can come in here, get supplies, smokes, food, bandages.... and still survive the apocolypse for one more day!Zombies aside, it's a wonderful little shop that's open pretty late especially on weekends when you need gum, an advil, or whatever. Right across the street from JoBot, and on weekends there is normally a totally rad guy playing guitar on the porch. Love it.
5	Holy cow! I just picked up 3 pounds of baby kale for $4! At least that's how heavy the bag felt. And it's grown locally. How great is that?Bodega 420 has a little of everything. Whether you're looking for some fresh produce, dried beans, milk, smokes... The list goes on and on. Oh my!
5	A much needed addition to the downtown Phoenix landscape, Bodega 420 brings a little bit of everything to a small, nondescript shop. From tobacco to toothpaste, this place has essential items for living in an urban environment. Aside from the goods the store sells, it also offers a unique shopping experience. No matter what time or day you choose to drop by, the Bodega always has something going on outside of its doors. From the owner singing and playing guitar to children running about and playing games, the atmosphere is friendly and exciting, making this grocery store an amazing addition to Phoenix.
5	All convenience stores need a lone video game machine, cigarettes, an assortment of drinks, and an array of everyday items you may need to MacGyver through any crisis.  Bodega 420 has all of these things, AND they have healthy food alternatives to usual gas station or Circle K candy bars.  Fresh produce, bulk grains, local dairy... are just a few of the awesome things that this awesome store (located in a repurposed 1930's Sears catalog home) carries every single day!  Although Bodega may not have everything you may find in a Walmart, it comes pretty close for such a small space, and the locals have the advantage of being able to request what they would like to see inside the shop on the chalkboard by the front register.  I highly recommend this place for those staying in the International Hostel or any downtown Phoenix hotel, motel, resort for a quick flip-flop grab of some movie munchies or a college student that needs a cheap and healthier alternative to a Big Mac.
