5	For normal maintenance, inspections and other auto related service, check these guys out. I couldn't be happier with my experience. Labor rate was quoted at $65 per hour, which is approx half what it would be at a dealer or some corporate garage.
5	Good, old fashioned honesty and service. I would recommend Lester's shop without reservation. Very reasonably priced.
1	So, this is what happened.I went their complaining about a possible over heating and requesting a change of oil. This was my first visit there. They topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil. I had a check engine light on for which I knew the code and was holding off on repairing it. They charged me $20 for reading the check engine light code and turning it off. I didn't want that. I pointed this out on the bill and he said that, its fine, I can just pay for the oil change (~$42). He asked me if I had $42 cash on me. If I did, I could have paid and left a happy customer. But I didn't, so I gave him my card and he went in the back and swiped it for the full price ($42 + $20 + tax). When I was signing the transaction receipt, I told him that he swiped for the full price. This apparently pissed him off a lot, he very rudely handed $20 from his pocket and asked me to "Get out of there" - and walked out. I tried to talk to him and explain my reason of asking - it not being the matter of $20 but of the principle that he said he wasn't going to charge me for what I didn't want. But he wouldn't listen, was very rude and said "You're Done" and "Get out" more times. I left. I ain't going back where they treat customers like that.
5	I'm not a car girl and Lester couldn't have been more accommodating.  I needed an inspection and he was able to take me the same day I called.  He's open past 7pm so the evening hours make it convenient to pick up or drop off. Very honest and upfront about the work he did, too...typical Pittsburgher who knows his stuff. Labor was $70/hour and parts were cheaper than other places. Cost me $3 to have a break light replaced.  Couldn't have been happier with the quick, honest, convenient service.  Lester's the best!
5	Good people, good work, very reasonable prices. They let you bring your own parts and don't give you BS.
