5	MECHANICAL BULL.  Do I Ned to say anything more?Excellent selection of tequila and Mexican beer. Had the chicken fajitas. They were great and more food than I expected.  Ask for Anna at the bar.
5	The staff is a team of pros, but really friendly.  Lobster tacos went down well! Good for parties or just hang out at the bar.
5	I can't say enough good, no make that GREAT things about Chayo.  It was exciting to explore the new landscape of The Linq, but stumbling upon this gem was the added bonus of the evening.  The decor was gorgeous and inviting, and the food was the outstanding... truly the most authetic Mexican meal I've had to date on the Las Vegas strip. The accomodating staff greeted my young daughters and I with a smile and quasadillas.  Chayo is not only chic, but top-notch all the way around.  Order the Paloma margarita...you can thank me later!
5	This place is excellent. We had the vegetarian fajita, guacamole, mango and watercress salad, and lobster tacos. Their menu had a nice unique blend of taste that worked well together. Our server was very accommodating to our requests and the orders came in just at the right time. There's music, but not obnoxiously loud.They have a cute eclectic decor and huge tv screens for the sports fan, they even changed the channel for us to see the clipper game.
5	Amazing!!!   Finally got in to check this place out!  The service was phenomenal (Server-Elizabeth), the ambiance is unparalleled especially for a Mexican restaurant, and the food was awesome!  Be sure to try the "De La Tierra" for the table!   It's enough for 3-4 ppl or two very hungry people.  For drinks, try "The Office!"
5	This place is so much fun with an amazing atmosphere!!! All of our food was delicious and the cocktails are amazing. A really cool twist on Mexican food.  Definately recommend checking it out for a good time!
5	Great food, beautifully decorated. Drinks are made with premium tequila you won't find better in Vegas, my favorite was "The Office". Great outdoor patio with a Bar as well. This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant!
5	Wow!!! Initially, I was turned off by the pomegranate seeds in the guacamole and high brow names for their tequila cocktails, but his place has made a believer out of me. Dare I even say - best Mexican restaurant in the city? I think so! The prices seem steep until you receive your meal. My fajita plate could serve two people easily, and in my native state of Texas would have been labeled as such. Best part of this whole experience was the grilled cactus that lay at the bottom of my fajitas. CACTUS! Any place that serves cactus is a winner in my book. Will come back again and again for this quality of service and food.
1	Worse hostesses  bad service terrible food your better off going to Roberto's to be treated like a fast food joint two thumbs down save your money go elsewhere!!
4	menu could use some revamping but otherwise I really like the place. Tortas are pretty good, tacos as well. Queso fundido was really good too.  Service was on point and pretty consistent. Also pretty nice spot for a big party, and not too expensive.
5	This place is hands down awesome! Food is great & the ambiance is sexy. I'm a picky f* when it comes to margaritas... (No complaints here!) All I have to say is come check it out for yourself! 5 stars from me. Oh, the DJ was in point also.
5	Great vibe. Nice people. Perfect place for drinks on the patio! Ambiance is extremely relaxing yet elegant decor. The staff is hands down the friendliest. Very attentive when I was at the bar. Their helpfulness with the drinks and menu was great. Very courteous. I would come back just for the service. If your at the bar Danielle was extremely friendly and helpful. Top class hospitality from her. And Conrad the bartender was awesome. Very knowledgeable of all the drinks and polite. They were easy to engage in conversations with. Drinks were great had the Don Margarita and the Office speciality cocktails. A bit pricey but can be expected on the strip. Food was great just had tapas ribeye taco. Great flavor. Will definitely come back and try other menu options. Overall the service was better than I expected due to the friendly staff. Location is great over at the Linq. I highly recommend to check this place out!! Perry
5	We came in for dinner before dancing and were not disappointed. The atmosphere is modern cool with a mexican flare. I love the wall of wrestler masks and the mechanical bull is a great crowd drawer. The drinks, the food...sooooo good! I had the Senorita and lobster fajitas with yuca fries! Yum!! My drink was so delicious, tasty and not watered down; which is rare on the strip! There was plenty of lobster fir my fajitas, no skimping there and the yuca fries were thick and crispy! I can't wait for it to get warmer and they open up the outdoor patio! A great place to eat and feel fancy with a 20% discount for locals. Hurry and visit!!
1	Me and a friend recently visited here and had a wonderful time. The ambiance was excellent, the staff was courteous and we really enjoyed watching them encourage patrons to participate on the mechanical bull. The in-house dj also had a great mix. We shared a carafe of the don margaritas, which was good but did have tons of ice. The next morning we both woke up with a terrible case of food poisoning. Symptoms included fever (106 degrees) muscle aches, dizziness and gastrointestinal symptoms. We actually required medical treatment at the local urgent care due to the severity and duration of the symptoms. Items we ordered included the cilantro cream soup, tortilla soup, crispy fish/cilantro mayo tacos and carnitas/Mexican herbs tacos. We had not eaten anywhere else during this time period.
4	Tried this place soon after it opened. Was seated very quick when we arrived but it was not packed that night. Staff was all very nice and seemed to know the menu well. It is pricey but you should know that eating on the strip. Split the meat dish @ $50 (forgot the name) but it was excellent. Pork, steak and chorizo with vegetables and sides. Chips, salsa and Guac was all above average as was my drink. Sugar cube with orange bitters and tequila, small drink but tasty. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars at this point was the fact that we had servers bring us the wrong thing on 4 or 5 occasions. I believe they still had yet to learn the tables and as the place just opened I wasnt that bothered by it. If they have that little problem fixed the next time I am in (which I will be) Im expecting a 5 star experience.
4	Food was great but music was very loud. We had tapas and they were all good. Margaritas were tasty too. But music was so loud it was hard to carry on a conversation. If that tone down the music for diners I'd give 5 stars.
5	Really good mexican food! I'm glad there's a new restaurant on the block to mix things up a bit. I came later in the night and they had a dj spinning some good music. Definitely going to return.con - ran out of salsa verde by the time I got there smh :(
3	Great decor, wide opened space which, I love and they even have a ride the bull. The downfall is that the bathroom is upstairs, however if given the choice, I would definitely hangout upstairs, you get a bit of a view and it has a bar with plenty of seating.As for the food, I can definitely say that I love the chips, love the green salsa but not a huge fan of the red salsa.I ended up getting the pork ($26, not worth the price), which was okay, it didn't come with any but pork, which I was a bit disappointed with. I think I fort sick form it, because after dinner I did not feel well. I didn't drink any alcoholic beverage when I was there either and I was the only one that ate it. My boyfriend got the lobster tacos, it consisted 80% veggies. The waiters messed up everyone's orders and have everyone flour tortillas and not corn (not a huge deal). I did like the music they were playing a lot of "old" school hip hop.
2	I was really disappointed by the food. I love Mexican food and have high standard so I may be biased. Food was mediocre. Guacamole was very basic but the salsas were great. Chips seemed fresh (although I'm not positive) and likely not from a generic bag produced in mass quantities. However I hated the tortillas.  I love fresh flour tortillas that are very authentic. There isn't an option for this. We only got corn tortillas the fajitas.  The fajitas were drenched in too much sauce which is very sad because the chicken  and veggies were cooked perfectly. I wouldn't wipe enough of the sauce off. The corn was undercooked. Service was not good and I have trouble saying this because the staff was very nice but it was too disorganized. The waiter forgot many things but was always nice when he approached so of course I figured it was just too new of a venue. Perhaps they should do mock service if they didn't bc the hostesses were very confused as well. They didn't bring any napkins or utensils and seems a little lost when I asked for it. But they were very sweet and gracious so I can't hold this against them.  I think a little more training will solve this. I was excited to try the cocktails but the balance was wrong. My drink was too sweet. I appreciate when they can make a good drink that is balanced so just some minor adjustments are needed. I think they have what it takes but there's a lot of work to be done. Good selection is staff but more training is needed and some works needs to be done to perfect the food.I would give it some time before coming back.
2	My boyfriend and I had a guest in town so we decided to take him down to the Linq. We wanted to have a great view of the ferris wheel and chose Chayo because they have a balcony area and considering the only other bar open that night with a balcony was Yardhouse, which we've been to a dozen times in Town Square.I must say the look and atmosphere of Chayo is really wonderful. It's whimsical and inviting from the outside, and once you enter there is a mechanical bull in the center of the restaurant. We ended up at the bar to wait for seating on the balcony. There was a bartender there who was phenomenal. I didn't catch his name but he was older. He was incredibly nice and informative. The hostesses, server, and even our busser were all wonderful, as well. The food being served looked good and smelled even better while we waited, so I was excited to try it!UNFORTUNATELY.This was an incredibly MUNDANE mexican food experience. The food was so bland. It was definitely edible, don't get me wrong, but I payed $18 for really blah chicken enchiladas. The guy sitting next to me at the bar had ordered them and they looked wonderful so thats why I chose them. So. Much. Regret. I also got the $8 INCREDIBLY TINY tortilla soup which was basically tomato water. It honestly looks like it comes in a shot glass. The chips they served tasted great and the salsa was ok, nothing special. My boyfriend even said we should have just stuck to our local Super Burrito! Ugh. The only thing making up for the food was the view. I wanted to give this place a try because for some bizarre reason I thought it'd be different than a few other mexican strip restaurants, but no, I was so, so wrong. The price isn't really the issue, I ALWAYS expect to pay absurd amounts for food/drink when I come to the strip. I really hope this place improves their menu. The pleasant staff and beautiful look of the restaurant should be reason to improve the quality of your food.
5	Went with a group of four and initially none of us knew about the restaurant. We saw it and the decor looked good so we went in to give it a shot. The restaurant itself was maybe 1/3 full so we got a table very quick. Afterwards the server was quickly with us asking if we wanted anything to drink. The service was great. The food was delicious as well. Keep in mind that this isn't meant to be a full authentic Mexican restaurant so I wasn't expecting that but either way the food was good. A nice little detail was that the sous chef came out to greet us and have us free shrimp tacos which were delicious. He came by a few more times after that to talk with us. Great experience overall!
1	We decided to go to the Linq, walk around and celebrate St. Patrick's Day there. Chayo seemed appealing with their decoration so we decided to sit and eat lunch there.Our experience was absolutely horrible. The restaurant wasn't as packed as we anticipated (for being St. Patty's day). When we sat, we waited a bit to be served. We placed our drinks order. We waited like 20 min for them to be delivered. We finally placed our food order and it took forever to arrive as well. We ordered chicken, fried fish, and lobster tacos to start and they were all pretty bland and simple. Definitely not worth the price. When we got our tacos, we ordered some hot sauce to make them a little tasty. They took so long to bring the hot sauce that we finished every single one of our tacos!! When someone finally brought the hot sauce, they just dropped it off quickly and they even forgot to take the wrapper off! So WE had to do that. Thanks! Great service! We constantly had empty plates on our table. The busser would take so long to clear our table that we had glasses of beer stacked on top of each other. Every time that we would order a beer, it would literally take 20 min to get it. So be aware of this! When we finished eating the tacos (starters) the busser was already setting the table for dessert when we didn't even order our main course. My friend ordered the shrimp fajitas as a main course and they were extremely greasy. Wish we had just gone straight to dessert instead. It really was a horrible service even though 70% of the tables in the restaurant were empty. I wouldn't go back to this place at all!
4	Admittedly I don't have much to base my review on. I have only visited Chayo via a Yelp Elite event. During that night I was treated to samples of the food and drinks they have to offef. One sample plate had seared ahi tuna and some braised short rib. The tuna was amazing and is a treat I will not soon forget. I don't know what the sauce was on it but damn was it good. I was also intrigued and almost giddy at the pork rinds (chicharones) with guacamole topped with pomagranate seeds. I love all three seperately and together they are magic. The final food standout to me was the flan. It was thick and rich the way a good flan should be. The churros were a close second. I believe I told somebody they were better than the churros at Disneyland and that is saying something. One final thought I have of Chayo is the mechnical bull. With the guy controlling it last night I think watching people on the bull was likely more fun than riding. Chayo is a cool place for a lot of reasons. See for yourself.
1	Went in for tapas at the bar.  Ordered a overpriced draft beer and a quesadilla tapa.  Took forever to come.  When it did, they brought me chicken fajitas instead.  The young female bartender said she thought that's what I told her.  They brought them back and said my quesadilla would be out shortly.  20 mins later, well after my friend finished his tapa, they brought me a tapa.  They delivered three small chicken tacos instead.  I told the bartender again that I ordered the quesadilla.  She replied, "those are quesadillas."  The couple next to us said, I thought you ordered the quesadilla?  I live in San Diego and know what a quesadilla is.  One of the two key ingredients in a quesadilla is cheese, essentially the Mexican version of a grilled cheese sandwich which is nearly impossible to screw up.  Don't let the nice atmosphere of this place draw you in.  If I were able to give no stars I would.
2	It really pains me to give Chayo 2 stars.  I was here last week with a Yelp Elite event, and all the food was great, and service was incredible.  I walked in last night ready to give Chayo 5 stars.  Based on the service and the quality of the food...I just couldn't do it.I walked up with a friend of mine to the hostess table outside...where there was no one there, also no sign indicating that there was another hostess station.One of the servers noticed us standing there and escorted us to the hostess station, where we were told it would be a 15 minute wait.  The restaurant wasn't super busy, and there were a few open tables..but I get it, some people have reservations, some people got there before us in the time from my call and my arrival.  However...the girl at the hostess station was very unprofessional.My friend made the comment that we were told it wouldn't be a problem to get a table when we called and she said "Well we wouldn't say that."  She took my name, and said we could wait at the bar.Her attitude  left much to be desired, and really put my friend off a lot.  He was extremely upset at the fact that she was so rude.  Her choice of attire was also very unprofessional...lets just say that I could see her side tattoo and could tell that she was feeling a little chilly, if you catch my drift. We sat at the bar, and were there a good 5 minutes before the bartender asked if we needed anything.  Shortly thereafter, the general manager, Scott, came over and asked if we were waiting for a table.   He was very polite, and sure enough...we were seated about 5 minutes later.So the whole reason we came out here last night, was because I saw on their website that they have Taco Tuesday, which is half price tacos, and 2 for 1 margaritas.  I didn't end up drinking last night, because $14 for 2 drinks is a little spendy for me...although if the drinks are made the same as they were last week, it is SO worth it.We ordered the chicken, lobster and ribeye tacos.  3 of each, are normally $12.  I wouldn't order these for $12.  I'll come back on a Tuesday and pay $6 for them, no problem, but they are not worth $12 for 3 smallish street tacos. *It should be noted now, that I asked if the tacos come with any avocado or guacamole, since I am allergic.  Our server, James (who was REALLY wonderful) said no.  The wait for the food was a bit on the long side.  I'm really not an impatient person, but for street tacos...the wait shouldn't have been as long as it was.Presentation wise, the tacos looked wonderful.  The plates have a couple slices of lime, which I thought was a nice touch...enough for all three tacos. The lobster taco:  we got the mayo sauce on the side (my friend hates mayo)...They were good.  The lobster bites were deep fried, and you honestly had to pull a little piece of lobster away from the rest of the taco to enjoy the lobster taste, but I liked them.  I personally really liked the mayo sauce. The ribeye taco:  Meh.  My first bite, I had a piece of fat swing out of the taco and hit me in the face.  WAY too fatty.  The second bite was better, but...meh.  Probably wouldn't eat these again.The chicken taco:  By far my favorite of the three.  The first taco was full of flavor, and really really tasty.  The second one was honestly a little more bland, like the chicken hadn't been seasoned the same way throughout.  After we finished those, we ordered the carnitas tacos. Those took a long time too, longer than 3 tacos should have.These were the worst of the night.  Number one...they had avocado on them, and it is NOT listed on the menu.  (I also had asked before)  Second, my friend squeezed the taco 3 times and his plate and fingers were COVERED in grease.  Ew Ew Ew.  No thank you.The good news, and the only really stellar  part of the evening, was our server James.  First of all, we weren't even in his section, but he saw us sitting there and asked if anyone had taken care of us yet, and took our table.  He was personable, sang along with the songs that were playing, made jokes with us...and he removed the carnitas off the check with no questions asked.  I will go back, and give them another try.  I'm sure they're still in their growing and opening stages, and going through some pains.  I really want to like this place, but last night made it difficult.
1	This place was no bueno. It's in a cute little area called the Linq, which is between the Quad and Flamingo. We were looking for a quick bite to eat and this place looked decent. It's cute, if you're just looking for a drink. But the food is awful. Que horrible. The tortillas used in the tacos were some of the most bland, stiff tortillas I've ever had. The meats - we had both the ribeye and carnitas - were not good either. The ribeye was tough and had this weird sauce rubbed on it. The carnitas didn't have much flavor. The best part of our meal was the mango and watercress salad.We sat at the bar and one of our friends who was there earlier and ordered before me didn't even get her food. When she asked the server about it, she acted as if the long wait was not a big deal and simply said "the kitchen must be really backed up right now." Seriously?!? WTF. The place, by the way, was not packed at all. It was Sunday, probably around 7:30 pm.Do not waste your calories here.
1	If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would. My boyfriend and I were on a double date and we decided to stop by for happy hour. We were greeted when we first walked in and requested to sit outside but we were told that they were not serving outside? It was such a beautiful day I wouldn't see why. So we requested for a booth seeing that there was hardly anyone in the restaurant (after experiencing the horrible service I understood why). The hostess sat us at the booth all the way in the back by the kitchen when she could have sat us in the front. Our waitress came by and didn't even introduce herself or even smiled. She gave us our menus and went to go get our water. When we ordered a couple of beers she asked for our ID's and couldn't even do simple math in her head to figure out our age. Then when she finally figured out we were old enough she thought our ID's were fake! LOL! She didn't even know anything about what kind of beers they had... Come on, you have to know what you're selling. That's like going to a car dealership and the salesman knowing nothing about cars! When I ordered my fish tacos and asked for lettuce instead of cabbage she said "No. I don't think we even have lettuce in the kitchen. Our menu is different from other restaurants you can't substitute anything." Uhhhhh they have Caesar Salad on their menu so what do they make that with? I wouldn't go back to this restaurant even if I was paid to. A restaurant is only as good as their workers. Listen to all the other reviews and go someplace where the workers actually know what they are serving!
1	I have to say that I had the worst restaurant experience I have ever had tonight. My wife and I started our evening on the High Roller which was awesome definately check it out. After we walked through the Linq and decided to eat at Chayo.The atmosphere is awesome and it wasn't very busy so we stopped in. We were seated in a booth toward the middle of the place. We sat next to a large group which had obviously been there for a while looking at the mess on the table. All of a sudden a guy and girl quickly walk toward that table and the girl starts bitching out this guy. The manager(if you could call him that) comes over and tells me he will block me from this group and stands in front of me. The girl eventually smacks this guy in the face which causes the other guys to start pushing each other and one of them is pushed into me. I then have to get involved and told them to take the fight somewhere else. Which almost involves me in this fight.Some of the group then left and things calmed down. The Manager who told me he was going to protect me(whatever) comes over and apologizes. I told him to move us to a new table so we can eat in peace since part of the group was still there. We were moved and eventually ordered. The food is mediocre at best but our server FAB was awesome he was a cool guy and provided excellent service. During our time there the Manager came over and said he would take care of the check and he looked like he was genuinely sorry for what had happened. At one point one of the guys from the group came over too and apologizes he to told me he would pay my bill for the embarrassment his friends caused. I then watched him go talk to the Manager. Come to find out we were later told that these rowdy people were friends of the Manager, had been there for 4 hours and chased out other people seated near them.After we were done we were given a bill for the full amount. We paid and left a nice tip for our server. On the way out the Manager shook my hand and apologized and said he would buy me a drink.....Are you serious I'm out on a date night with my wife and your friends start crap and almost cause my to whoop some ass and you never followed through on your part to make things right and now you want to buy me a drink...get real. Then the Manager gives me his business card and tells me to text him next time I want to come in. Yeah right like I'll ever go back there. I'm not sure where the restaurant manager was but come to find out the "Manager" was the Beverage Manager which explains why I was getting a comped drink. This whole situation was handled improperly from the start. My wife has been in the industry for a while and I have never seen worse customer service from a manager...we were amazed.To make a long story short stay far away from this place there are plenty of other cool places to eat in the Linq!!!!!!
4	Chayo is one of the best and most affordable places In Las Vegas. It is new and still trying to find it's footing in this huge culinary city, but it is amazing. Sometimes service is a little slow, but every single item on the menu (especially the lobster tacos) are amazing.
1	If it were possible to give 0 stars, I would. Our waiter was absolutely condescending the entire time. Every response came with an exaggerated smile. Also, don't tell us you're busy when we ask for service. Screw you Peter. We ordered 5 margaritas. No one at the table swallowed their first sip. Pre-mixed, Splenda-soaked, fake-lime, tequila juice is not something I expect from a "Mexican kitchen." The queso fundido was horrendous. They threw a block of curdled cheese into a mini cast iron pot. What??? I mean, it tasted like cheese, so it wasn't nasty. But it was not "queso fundido." The rest of the food was palpable, but not close to memorable. Sean, the manager, poorly handled our concerns. Also, don't stuff your face with cupcakes in your makeshift banquet area. It's not classy. Eric, our runner, was amazing. If I had a $100 bill, I'd slip it in his pocket. The only person hustling the entire time. He literally broke out in sweat while everyone else was wading though molasses. Thank you, you're amazing!
1	Worst. Service. Ever. It took 15 minutes just to take our drink order - we were about to get up and walk out when the waiter suddenly appeared so we decided to give it a chance. After we ordered drinks, it took at least 10 minutes to get the drinks (2 beers and a sangria) and then an additional 5 minutes for my friend to get her cup of what was a very lousy coffee. We ordered guacamole, and by the time we got it we had no chips left, and it took 15 minutes to get chips. Our waiter just kept just disappearing, and the manager was too busy chatting up the hostesses to actually pay attention his patrons. The food was decent, but I would NEVER go back because of the terrible service. We left the waiter $1 tip - he's lucky he got that.
2	***As an update the Manager has contacted me and apologized for not following through on the night of the incident it sounds as if there was a little miscommunication with some of the staff. He has offered to take care of us if we come back. We will be going back to see if they make things right.***
5	Visiting Vegas from San Diego with a girlfriend and had to check out the linq.  Came across this very cool restautant, Chayo.  The decor was very inviting and we love Mexican food (again, from San Diego) .... thank goodness we decided to go in.  Sat down and was greeted by a super friendly waiter.  The chips and salsa were delicious.  I love spicy food so the red salsa was my favorite.  Chips were warm and seasoned.   My girlfriend and I decided to go family style and shared the chicken enchiladas and Mahi Mahi...wow. We ate our plates clean. I will say it's a little pricer than the Mexican restaurants we go to back home, but I'm sure being on the strip has something to do with it.  We will definitely be returning with friends....and we may even try the bull riding.  That's right, theres a mechanical bull and a DJ in the restaurant...Whatt?!?!? That's a good time! Oh, try the Office cocktail... so refreshing.
2	This restaurant was recommended to us by Orr concierge. I have never been in the new plaza called Linq (between Quad and Flamingo) and it is a great little inlet with shops and restaurants. The decor was modern, unique light fixtures, and loud music. We were seated in the bar after a 5 minute wait (on a Friday night, not bad!) and had very comfortable high seats, which I liked.The food was reasonably priced, but lacking in flavor all around. I had tacos, which were very bland, and my husband had enchiladas, which he did not even finish. The food was forgettable, the service was slow, and the drinks were overpriced (as they are all over the Strip). Out server did bring out a complementary birthday flan for my sister with candles and all I wouldn't come back here.
3	Ate here about 2 weeks after it opened and the issue I found was even though we went at around 2ish there was no greeter and we decided to just go up to bar.  No sure why you spend cash loads of money to build a really cool restaurant and then just go with subpar servers and probably poor management.      On good side the food was pretty good although probably a little bit over priced for what you get but hey it's the Vegas strip.  This place if it can get its act together can kill it with the high roller drawing in huge crowds and having indoor outdoor seating it will be a fun spot.  Beer was good and bartender good as well.  Clean up it up with more attentive service and better hosts and improve food a bit and it will do great.    Might be a winner after they make some changes:)
1	Walked up to the hostess at 7:30 on a Saturday night. She wouldn't even put our name on the list and told us to come back at 9:30. WTF? There were about 5 empty tables on the patio. However, looking at the other reviews, I guess we dodged a bullet. (Not that our experience at Flour & Barley was any better.)LINQ restaurants better get there sh*t together if they want to survive!
2	A group of us came here to celebrate a friend's promotion. We came in early and sat at the bar as we waited for the rest of the party. Drink prices are standard for a Strip location. As a Mexican restaurant they are known for their margaritas and have a menu that highlight their various concoctions. I had wanted to try a couple of them, but they did not have certain components to make them. I went with a micholada and it was good. They didn't have clamato, so they just used bloody mary mix instead. They offered us chips and salsa after our second drink. The seasoning on those warm chips makes for crack.Once we were seated, it took some time for us to get service. 10 minutes pass and no one showed up. 15 minutes goes by and still no one. We were told the server didn't know he had the table. Honest mistake. Eventually, our server did come. We had some issues with what was in stock. I had wanted 2 different kinds of whiskey, but they didn't have either. Food wise: The appetizers were delicious. We got the ceviche, a queso fundido, chicken tacos, and the guacamole. The fish was tender and seasoned well. The acidic component mellowed out with the use of cucumbers. The queso was okay. The chorizo didn't give as much of a kick as I was hoping. The fact that they serve it in a iron skillet allows the cheese to crisp on the bottom. Scraping up all of it and eating it is half the joy. I didn't try the tacoes, but the others seemed to enjoy it. The guacamole was probably my favorite. The put pomegranate seeds on top. It gave it a touch of tart and sweetness that was the most unique item on the menu. As for entrees, nothing was spectacular. The sweet corn enchiladas were a decent vegetarian option, but lacked a countering flavor, so it was just sweet. The burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy. I just wouldn't come to a Mexican restaurant and think burger. My friend enjoyed his chicken torta. I stole a bite of the chicken enchiladas and weren't impressed.One of our party members paid before they left and it took some time to get our waiter to come back. We had still wanted to order some more drinks, but by the time he came back we were ready to leave. I know they are still new and will eventually work out the kinks.
1	Went there last night on a Monday night 9p. Asked hostess for a table for a quick bit to eat. There were plenty of empty tables in the dining room but she said there would be a 15 mins wait cause the servers are swamped right now. I noticed empty seats at the bar and asked if that was open seating. So we grabbed 2 seats at the bar. Took a little while for bartender to get to us. It wasn't that busy. There's about 20 seats at the bar with 3 bartenders and 1 Barback.  We asked food menu for quick appetizers.  Bartender came back after about 5 min took our food our. We ordered ribeye tacos and lobster tacos.  $12 per order for 3 small street tacos. Bartender took our food order and then disappeared.  Didn't offer us water or asked if we wanted a cocktail.  We finally got the other bartender's attention and asked for water. After about 10 mins our tacos arrived. It was suppose to come with chips n salsa. We asked 1st bartender for chips n salsa. He said he'll check on it. We started to eat the tacos. They looked really good. Very disappointed with these over priced street tacos. The tortilla was cold. Ribeye was over cooked and cold. The lobster was deep fried but it was cold. Everything was bland. Oh and we never got our chips n salsa. We asked for the check. It took quite awhile for bartender to get us our check also. It wasn't busy but bartender seemed overwhelmed.  Overall very disappointed with service and quality of food. Most likely won't ever return or recommend to anyone.
3	After reading the yelp reviews I was hesitant to eat here but decided what the hell. I thought the food was actually good. We had lobster tacos which I loved and the pork tacos which were good as well. The chicken fajita was good but not great and the Mexican corn was good as well. Overall I thought the food and the atmosphere were worth three stars at least. We got to sit outside and witness the action of the linq on a beautiful night. My biggest complaint is the service. Not great by any means. I know being a hostess can be very annoying but you should not portray that you are annoyed to your guests. The welcome was not friendly. Also, the service was very slow and my water never got refilled so I had to steal my bf's.Good but not great. This restaurant defiantly has a few issues they could work on.
4	I'm giving the restaurant a 4 for service, location and food. We had a work event at this restaurant during the day time (it was a lot more open since it was a weekday) with about 30 people. We were able to choose from a four course menu and, as we were choosing, we had chips and salsa that were very tasty.For the first portion of the course, you had the option of either the Caesar salad or the cilantro cream soup.  I had the Caesar salad. It was an interesting take on the salad because it was a wedge with what looked like a fried chip (it was a sheet of fried cheese). There was also an anchovy on the side (that wasn't my cup of tea). Overall, it was pretty good. For the second portion, I got the carnitas. It was good, especially with the lime. It was a little messy to eat though. For the third, I ordered the chicken enchiladas. Not my favorite of the four I received... It needed some spice to it. The flan was amazing! I am pretty picky with flan since my dad makes the best kind in my opinion but this flan was not too sweet and not too thick! Definitely perfect ending to a very large meal. At the end of our course, the chef came out to introduce himself and thank us for coming. The waiters throughout the stay continued to fill our waters and they were very good at making sure we were okay. I definitely appreciated the service here!The location was awesome! We were upstairs and there's a balcony overlooking the Linq area and the High Roller. Mind you, this was in the morning so I'm sure it is a beautiful spot at night. It's definitely a great restaurant and I disagree with the reviews given so far. As far as price, I'm not very sure.Since it was a work event I'm not sure how much our management paid. However I'm assuming it was affordable. The plates were small but after eating that four course meal I was definitely super full!! So it's worth it. I believe this place deserves more than just 2-3 stars!
2	I arrived with a 9-top here on a Tuesday. They had a nice special going on, and we all wanted to check out the Linq!  While, for tourists - the enticing idea of BOGO tacos, and BOGO margaritas sounds great - please don't even waste your time. The only reason I'm giving this place two starts is because the BOGO margaritas were great, and were great tasting... but I expect that out of a place that included "Tequila Bar" in their name.  The service was at best a 2. It took 10 minutes to even be addressed, for starters and we were one of TWO tables seated inside.  I might be exaggerating slightly, but at max there was 6 tables not on the patio. All of the food wasn't brought out together, making the other half of the table wait for another 10 minutes. We gave up on ordering drinks from the server, and instead going to the bar because there was no luck. If the meal was decent, I would look over all of this - but of course, that was the worst part.For starters, they brought out the pork rinds and guac... with pomegranate? I don't know what they were going for with this flavor profile. My pallet was mostly confused, wanting more citrus, wanting more vinegar, wanting the pomegranates far away from my guacamole. The plating was beautiful (such a tease!)We ordered all of the tacos in the world, and a few steaks for the table. I can honestly say, with not a doubt in my mind - I WISH we decided to just go to Chili's.  The food at Chili's would have been way better... and I would never want to eat at Chili's! All of the meats were dry, the servings were tiny, and the garnishes didn't add to the flavors at all. It's like they built the entire menu off of aesthetic and paid no attention to taste. (again those pomegranates... I'll never understand.) The steaks, ordered rare, were decent. I wish I ordered a steak.  But, with this being a Mexican Restaurant, I expect a little more attention being made on the actual Mexican food.I wouldn't recommend this place for anyone. It's extremely overprices, and geared at tourists that will be distracted by the beautiful decor.  The drink prices are similar to the rest of the strip, and why would you buy drinks there when O'Sheas has decent prices next door?
2	Horrible. Absolutely horrible. Went here to celebrate my sisters birthday to only find that the service was slower than ever! Not only that, they actually looked bored! Two stars because I liked the steak taco. But I was so disappointed. They had no menu options whatsoever as well. If you are looking for a family night out, this is not your place. Will not be returning.
4	Went to Chayo last night at the recommendation of a friend and I must say I was very happy with my overall experience.  The food was great and the service was very good.  The decor of the restaurant is very impressive and you can tell they spent a lot of time and money to every detail.  The restaurant has a great feel and is a fun place to dine.When we arrived it was very busy but was seated immediately very close to the mechanical bull.  Although the bull was not running (i assume it starts later) you can tell it must be a center point of the restaurant/bar later on in the evening.Everyone in my party loved the food and the presentation.  At my table people ordered the lobster tacos (recommendation of the server) and everyone loved them.  I ordered the ribeye steak that was cooked perfect and another person ordered the fajitas.  The size of the fajitas was large and he said it was full of flavor and very filling.Overall, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone that is around the strip that wants to try a unique experience for a mexican restaurant.  With a great location we went and walked through the linq project before heading home.
1	Service is very slow.  The menu doesn't explain any of the items and out waitress didn't know any of the ingredients.  The salad. Only. Had 3 ingredients... All of which were not worth 15$We ended up leaving after there was no good vegaterian options and no solution was offered. When we said we're were going to leave our server did Zero to change our minds. I give it one star because we did get chips and Salsa and the Salsa was good.  The chips were not so great.  I would definitely never recommend this over priced place to anyone... Walk down the road to The yard house for a great menu,  healthy options and 150 beer selection.  And better prices.
1	My wife and I went here to celebrate our two-year wedding anniversary. We were, of course, expecting an awesome experience for such a special occasion, but, unfortunately, we were thoroughly disappointed!Upon first entering the restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised by the modern decor and atmosphere. The hostesses were nice and we were seated promptly. The waiter was at our table immediately and asked if we were interested in drinks; my wife needed a few minute to look over the drink options and the waiter did not make any recommendations. I asked what kind of beers were available and he stated they had Dos Equis Amber, Lager, and Lite; I wasn't unaware that Dos Equis had a Lite version, so, thinking it was something new, I ordered it (more on this later).The waiter returned shortly after with our drinks, chips and salsa (which were okay), and laminated menus... yes, cheap, one-sided, laminated menus in a restaurant that charges $25+ per entree. The menu did not have as many items as we expected and the descriptions for each item were extremely vague. We decided to start with the chorizo sopes and Mexican street corn. Both items were brought to our table after about 5 minutes and were both actually pretty tasty, but not mind blowing. Now, back to the Dos Equis "Lite"; I was actually given a Lager and when I informed the waiter that I ordered a Lite, he said that Lager is the lite. WTF, right?Shortly after the appetizers were delivered, our waiter returned for our entree order. He didn't seem to know much about the items and had no recommendations. I ordered the chicken torta and my wife ordered the beef filet fajitas. There's an item called Yucca fries and, when I asked the waiter what those are, he said, "I think they're like sweet potato fries." I decided to order those, as well.The entrees didn't take too long to come out; after taking our first bites, my wife and I wished they had never come out. My chicken torta consisted of flavorless chicken, avocados, and way too much black bean paste; it was served with spinach on the side... just plain spinach with a drizzle of some unidentifiable substance, which I wasn't sure if I was supposed to put on my torta or eat as a salad. My wife's fajitas were equally as flavorless and the beef was extremely chewy. In fact, if there were such a thing as negative flavor, these dishes would qualify. Oh, and the Yucca fries, which the waiter "thought" were sweet potato fries, were just regular steak fries, also with no flavor.The waiter came by to ask how our food tasted and I let him know that we thought our food was flavorless, which is something I have never done, but this food was so bad, I felt compelled to do so. I asked if he could bring out some hot sauce or something to add some flavor; even salt and pepper would've improved these dishes! He stated that all they had was Tabasco. Now, this is supposed to be a Mexican restaurant, which means it should have its own house hot sauce or at least Cholula or Tapatio, but nope, just Tabasco.Apparently, our displeasure upset the waiter and he was rude for the remainder of our dinner; like it was our fault the food was bad! I promptly asked for the overpriced bill and left absolutely no tip, also something I had never done.I highly recommend that NO ONE SHOULD EAT HERE! I honestly would've rather eaten at Chevy's.
3	I like the look and feel of this place and was hopeful for the food. It was OK but mediocre and unremarkable.We got the guacamole, mango and watercress salad, and chicken enchiladas. Their chips are crispy and have a nice spice to them, and the guacamole was buttery but not very flavorful. The salad was good, with a honey-mustard-like dressing, although there was too much of it. The enchiladas were disappointingly flavorless -- basically plain chicken in tortillas with a bland sauce over them and a few garnishes  like avocado slices and onion and radish slices (?).Service was good enough.My impression was that the place is trying to be upscale Mexican but falls short on the food. Not a good value.
2	I visited this restaurant on a Thursday night, thinking it is one of the slower nights to enjoy my first visit to the linq and wanted to give this establishment a try.It's another typical over priced, over hyped restaurant that relies on the LV strip passerby's  to fill the seats in the dining room. Their specialty drinks are flavorful, but absurdly over priced. I paid $28 for 2 specialty margarita's. One was a full glass (8 oz) and the other was half full. Not worth it.The food was "good" at best. We ordered 3 tapas: 1)chicken tacos which had decent  flavor but were served with a roasted green onion as garnish. Not easy to eat and very tacky as a garnish. 2) lobster tacos which were the best item we had on our table.....finally....a taco with proper garnish. 3) chorizo sopas which were okay.The service also leaves much to be desired. The hostess were pretty good. The server started off inattentive and really did just enough to not make the meal a complete disaster. When you have 2 guests order 3 tapas I shouldn't have to go to the main bar and request my own side plates. (Thank you bar tender). One positive note on the service, the bus person did a good job making sure we had water in our glasses throughout the subpar experience. Overall, save your money and visit any mom & pop Mexican restaurant in the Vegas valley for a more authentic meal and easier on the wallet!
3	I went for dinner here with my friends from Texas and my hubby last night. My friend said they could not get us in until 7:30, ok, so we sat at the bar. Great looking restaurant, nicely done, great outdoor patio for people watching. I ordered a fabulous watermelon drink recommended by the nice bartender and it was so good! The bartender brought us all chips and great salsa while we waited which was cool. Not very long after we got our cocktails, the hostess came over and and were seated in the very back booth facing a wall, ok, kind of unnecessary since it was less than half full in the place and there were plenty of tables but ok, I get it, waiter table rotation. Anyway, the waiter comes over, nice kid, with glasses, takes our drink order, and my girlfriend and I order the carafe of margaritas, the guys, regular drinks, beer, captain diet. So we look at the menu, and it's an ok menu, really not much to chose from, and I decide on the vegetarian enchiladas, my hubby gets the lobster fajitas, our friends, I don't recall...all in all, the food was good, not blow your mind great, just good. What was good were the margaritas! Seriously good! I'd go back just to hang outside and have a carafe of those! One tiny thing.....back in the day, I was hired for the opening of Delmonico Steakhouse in The Venetian, and before we even opened, we had the best and most extensive 4 weeks of training, on food, wines, spirits, service etc. and it was invaluable, everything I learned stayed with me to this day and I notice, these new big expensively made Vegas restaurants these days are completely lacking in anything near proper staff training....and I really notice that when you go to a place that has just recently opened, is not seated to capacity, that you do not seat parties in the back facing walls, and when you deliver food, the most obvious thing before the food even comes out should be that the guests have utensils so they do not have to ask for them, it's just simple basics, I know I'm picky, but hey, thanks Emeril and I  Love ya for it!
2	Salsa was wonderful!  But nothing else.. Chicken enchiladas tasted like stewed chicken sitting in a pot all day and then put in small floured tortillas and added bland sauce. 4 or 5 for 18 bucks??The 3 crispy fish tacos were over cooked, no sauce in them with stale floured tortillas.   We were disappointed. Atmosphere was nice.
4	My husband took me to dinner here tonight for my birthday and we thought the food was delicious. He ordered the chicken fajitas and I got the New York strip with yucca fries and black beans. The atmosphere is beautiful and the service was also great. Yes a little pricey but that's to be expected. And the dessert was also very delicious !! I would recommend eating here!
2	Came here for lunch on a Saturday Afternoon, the restaurant looks very inviting with plenty of seating. Decided to order the Margaritas which were very tasty but not $14 tasty. I started off with their "Yucca Fries" for $8, here I am expecting a plate full of "Brazilian Potato" fries like the waiter explained. Nope, it was a tin can with about 4 or 5 REGULAR steak fries (Lol)  Anyways, I ordered the 3 cheese Quesadillas with green sauce and handmade tortillas (I think), they were just decent. Also ordered a torta that did not compare to the taco trucks in East LA. (Sigh) Overall, the food here is your typical Mexican dishes that honestly my mom would probably cook better. Although, I did hear the enchiladas were decent ($28).I would probably not come back here, it just didn't wow me enough, and if I do I would probably hit the bar. Restaurant should really consider revising their menu and prices.The staff is friendly but you could notice some are brand new and have never worked at a restaurant before. The bartenders are very friendly and make pretty good drinks. Probably because I am Mexican I expected more out of this place, but I guess nothing beats Mom's cooking.*If your in the mood for tacos, head down the strip to Tacos El Gordo and save yourself some money.*
2	I had high expectations of this place, especially when previewing the prices on the menu screen at the casino entrance. First off, I think it's weird that they have an entrance from the casino but you have to walk through the restaurant to get to the hostess both.Since it was nice outside, my fiance and I asked if we could be seated outside. The view was great and it didn't take long for us to be greeted by our server who was really nice. The menu is small, and like other reviews have said, the descriptions for each item are vague. We both decided to order tacos ($16 for each order) thinking they would be the bomb dot com. SIKE. They were terrible. Very bland. You can honestly get better tasting food from Robertos and save more than half than what we spent.
1	Atrocious. Service sucks, the chubby waiter was a complete jerk off. There is outside seating and the "hostess" is inside so I thought it was sit down and we come to you. I gathered from the stink face said chubby waiter was giving us, that it was not. I went to the hostess and of course she said she would let our waiter know that we are out there. He showed up, threw a few menus at the table and walked away. The menu had standard americanized Mexican food. We opted for steak fajitas ($25), 3 mini lobster tacos ($12) side of cilantro rice ($5) and a Puncho Villa jalapeno tequila mixed drink ($14). The fajitas were okay - IMO they should have come with rice - which was better than the fajitas. The "lobster" tacos should be relabeled as batter fried bits with lobster flavor. Absolutey awful. The chips and salsa were the best thing on the menu and they were FREE! The bus boy was very nice and attentive but that chubby waiter really needs to think about another career choice.
4	I'm kind of surprised at how low a rating this place has, but after reading reviews, I kind of get it.Before I get started with my experience I have to say that restaurants, especially on the vegas strip, need to be categorized very carefully for me to give them a fair review. If I don't do that, I end up comparing them to other restaurants they can't possibly compete against. For a place like Chayo I really have to compare it to the level of expectation I'd have for eateries such as Tacos and Tequila, Firefly, Stack, ect. When I do so, I feel that Chayo is definitely worth going to for a casual dinner. The problem lies in the fact that their awesome Slightly more upscale decor and higher price tags set the bar a little too high for what they deliver.Now that I've yammered at you all here's my actual experience. My cousin and her friend were in town and wanted to check out the Linq. Chayo was literally the first restaurant that we saw and they were starving so we figured why not. The hostess was polite and seated us right away, as their outdoor area was packed but indoor was pretty empty. Our waiter was very nice and gave us a ton of time to look over the menu. The ladies I was with had a few questions regarding the menu items, all of which he answered as if he had personally tried the items in question and gave an honest opinion on. The food came out hot and fairly quick, but not so quick that we felt rushed. Our glasses remained constantly full, and we were given attention where needed and left to enjoy our time appropriately. Food wise, all 3 of us loved our meals. The others had chicken tortas and I had ordered the grilled chicken entrada with sweet potato mash and ancho chili cream. The dish was not your typical Mexican rice and beans homestyle huge portion of comfort food. The flavors weren't packed with traditional Mexican flavors. However, just like any other ethnic food, not all Mexican food is created equal. I would definitely say this is more inspired by Mexican flavors with a modern flare. IN CONCLUSION, if you go to Chayo expecting to have a romantic, special night out, or if you have extremely high expectations, you will be disappointed. If you're craving traditional Mexican, this place will probably disappoint. If you're open to something delicious and different with a small group of friends or your significant other and want something more elegant than Margaritaville but still casual, this place is for you! I personally will be back (and I need to find a way to replicate that ancho chili cream!)
5	Came here with my kids. Loved the decor. Definitely want to return for an adult night out. The kids menu was simple and ended with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. What kid doesn't love a little dessert... My daughter had the cheese quesadilla and yucca fries (steak fries)  and my son ordered off reg menu and got the ribeye tacos. He ate all three. Good sign. I had the cilantro cream soup. Had a perfect kick, really delicious. I then had the chicken enchiladas. The sauce was really good and I'm embarrassed to say I ate all of it, yikes!  Oh forgot to mention, chips and salsa were a hit! We even needed a refill in the red salsa. Service was a little slow, but maybe I expect quick service when I have kids. Definitely worth coming back for a date night. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu. Yum!
1	Poor service. At table for 20 min without anyone taking drink order or greeting us.  Chips and salsa didn't arrive for 15 min. Wouldn't recommend
5	The lobster fajitas were amazing! $26. After reading the reviews about the service I was hesitant to try this place but our waiter Fab was awesome!  I'll be back to order the same & ask for Fab
1	Maybe I'm spoiled being that my home digs of Los Angeles has amazing Mexican food on nearly every street that costs a quarter as much as this food. 1. Alberto the waiter was rude. Yes, the tap water in Vegas is bad but you don't need to get in an argument with your guest about it. Just say sorry and offer a bottle of sparkling to purchase. 2. The rib eye - rare when we asked for medium. 3. Fajitas were ok, looked like a mess on the plate. Beans are directly from a can and just reheated.  4. The chicken enchiladas - frozen? Hot in the middle and very cold on the edges. The entire meal was basically luke warm. 5.  The corn is just slathered on one side with salty slightly lime barely spicy dump in cheese. 6. When asked what the guajillo sauce tasted liked the answer was "I couldn't even begin to describe it." Really?!?!7. No refills on the Arnold Palmer. 8. Took 10 minutes for the check to be picked up and our card run through. Don't bother with this place for a meal. It may just be good enough for booze and chips and salsa.
1	The service was ok at best. The food was certainly NOT worth the price. It was slow and we will not be going back
2	A bunch of us got tacos. They are super small and not so good. The best thing was the salsa, oh and the beer was cold, when we finally got our drinks after about 10 minutes. Service was slow and food below average. Won't return
3	Just had lunch here again and it just leaves you feeling like you are missing something.   Got seated outside right away, service was good through the meal.    I think it comes down to the food is just ok and portions are tiny.     I got the tacos with beef and one of the 3 tacos was not edible.   Entire piece of meat was just entirely fat..... I mean the whole thing.    Other two tacos were small and very little too them.   Probably will stick with drinks from them going forward
3	All about the service. Was here once before and very average. Came back (meeting spot for a friend) much better service. 1 concern, portion sizes seem to be on the very small side. I'm not 280lb guy, but the 3 tacos are rather small. Like the 3 tacos sizes you would get from Taco Bell. Quality, yeah, head and shoulders better than that, but just about the same size. Good, just small for the money.
1	Terrible service. Food all came out cold. Ended up taking two bites paid my tab and went to the haute doggery next door. Don't waste your Time!!!
2	Go here for the drinks but not the food. The food is actually pretty disgusting but it works as a bar. My watermelon margarita was delicious and the chips and salsa that came with it were pretty good. Our meals were another story. The carnitas tacos had zero garnish and were DRIPPINg with grease. I had a stomach ache after eating them. My friend got the (fried) lobster tacos and they tasted like rubber. We split a mango and watercress salad which sounded a lot better than it was. It was slathered in honey mustard dressing. Hmmm, last time I went to Mexico, I don't recall that being a popular condiment. When I complained to the waiter that we hated the salad, he just shrugged. A better waiter and a better restaurant would have offered to take it off our bill.
2	If you want nice patio dining where you can  people watch and feel like you're in some cute European city with cobbled streets and the "wheel" as a backdrop, this is the place. But the food is overpriced and disappointing. Shrimp fajitas were covered in a messy red sauce and texture of shrimp was spongy and frozen tasting. Lobster tacos were pieces of fried batter, had to hunt for the lobster. I give it 2 stars only because the chips and salsa were good. Would not come here again.
2	Not impressed at all. Service was extremely slow. Not the servers fault, though. I would say that the management was at fault here. One server for an entire area, with two tables of eight, in addition to smaller parties. While we were eating a party of at least 50 trailed in. Looks like someone unloaded a bus. For a party that big, I would say that would have been a "special event" and it should have been handled in a reception area. The food was okay. Very, very pricey for tacos and chips and salsa with four drinks. The bill was $160. $14 chicken tacos, and that included nothing else...just 3 small tacos. Once again, the old "Vegas" has given way to nothing more than tourist traps. Sorry, but Macayos would have been a better option. This "nouveau" Mexican cuisine is nonsense, and is made for the young, pretentious crowd that will pay "bottle service" at ridiculous prices and go to "new cuisine" restaurants to say they've been there. If you want good chicken tacos go to Faustos. This place was a disappointment, but then again so are most tourist traps.
3	I was excited to learn that there was a new Tequila Bar in town and my boyfriend and I visited Chayo on a Friday afternoon for his birthday.  Chayo is easy to access if you park at the Flamingo, as you land right at the doors of Chayo when you exit the casino.  Chayo is beautifully decorated and a great place to people-watch.  Although other reviews state that the service was poor, we didn't experience this.  Our server was Masih and he was very attentive and entertaining.  In terms of ambiance, I'd give Chayo 5 stars.  In terms of food and beverage, it gets 3 stars.  Let me explain: 1) the cups seemed dirty and water spotted, which prompted me to ask for a straw; 2) We ordered chips and salsa and the salsa was tasty; 3) Empanadas were $10 as an appetizer and they were delicious; 4) street corn was a side for $8 and it was also tasty; 5) the Sangria ($10) left a lot to be desired as it didn't even have any pieces of fruit in it; the house Margarita was actually good at $14, and shots of other various tequilas were a bit over priced.  We went with the intention of trying a few different tequilas, but at $14+ dollars per shot, we only had one!  We tried the Avion Silver which was good.  All in all, one shot, one margarita, one Sangria, chips and salsa, street corn, and an appetizer brought our bill to $67.  We didn't even get to the main courses!  I probably wouldn't go back to Chayo until they get realistic with their prices.
1	It's a beautiful restaurant in a fun location but the food was not good. The margaritas were Ok but overpriced.  I had tacos and they were very small. You get 3 in an order but they do not allow you to mix and match. Why? I would have liked that option and most (if not all?) Mexican restaurants allow that. My husband ordered fajitas and they were also not good.  There was a large grilled onion on top which was weird. Are you supposed to make a fajita with a big piece of onion then have no onion left for the rest?? He didn't think the meat (what little there was) was very good either. Next time we go to the linq we'll try some place else. There are too many great Mexican restaurants in town (Javier's I'm thinking of you) to ever go back.
3	We ordered the fajitas and they didnt have much flavor and the tortillas were the size of a CD (if anyone remembers what those are)  On another note the location is great, people watching and close to the new LINQ and the Sprinkles for desert!!Go for the drinks, maybe those are better!
1	So they have changed the menu and now u get charged for the chips and salsa lol but they don't tell u pissed
5	Super meal last time in Vegas - freshest of ingredients and super wait staff. Great selection of tequilas and the owners are super nice folks and great patriots. Take the whole gang here for an authentic taste of Mexico!
2	I think you already know the facts:Tiny portions, overpriced, slowThe decor is cool, and I like the Linq in general, but I thought it would be different than going to casino restaurants. Don't be fooled. It's just like Mandalay Place or the Forum Shops. If you want to walk from shops to bars to restaurants, east Fremont is still your best bet.
4	Had lunch here during our recent vacation to Vegas.  Our waiter, Masih, was very friendly and recommended the street corn--delicious!  The tacos were also great (we had the lobster and carnitas ones.  We were told they have half price tacos on Tuesdays, but just didn't have time to go back!
2	I had never heard of this place but was meeting a couple friends that were in town for a convention. The pork rinds were no better than those you purchase for .99 at the gas station and my Bombay Tonic tasted very watered down. The music was a little crazy, each song was repeated about 3 times in a row.  I ordered chicken fajitas with corn tortillas and had to wait for several minutes after everyone at my table received their orders before they remembered I had ordered corn instead of flour tortillas. Once they arrived, I was surprised on how small they were.  I was impressed with the portions though.  I was only able to eat 2 before I needed a to go box and server actually took my plate to the back to box it up and brought me a bag.  The following day I decided to eat my left overs and realized that they had stuffed my corn tortillas into a tiny circular dish and all were tore in the center so no longer were useful.  I was also surprised to find the server only boxed approximately 1/4 of my plate in the to-go box.  I think that when someone pays for an entire meal and cannot finish it, the server should give all of it to you. I was not really impressed at all.
5	I really feel the poor reviews are unwarranted at Chayo. My guess is that they were because it is a new restaurant and they had some kinks to work out. I was there this weekend and had a fabulous time. Our hostesses greeted us warmly, our server was friendly, and the food was fantastic! The Yucca fries are a must get! I had the chicken enchiladas and was pleasantly surprised at the kick they had as I can't find spicy Mexican food anywhere in Vegas. My husband had the pork torta and loved it. And don't deprive yourself of the guacamole! Get a seat on the patio or the bar for some great people watching. We loved it and will be back (and it takes a lot to get this local to go to the Strip!)
2	HATE  The not-so-helpful first hostess who stated that there was a wait for tables but that I can't put my name down to be next in line for one (when in actuality, I could have with a second hostess).DISLIKE  Pricing is slightly high for what you're actually getting. Server was aloof. Had to ask for napkins for the table even after entrees were dropped off. They "ran out" of one of their few specialty cocktails. There's a charge for chips and salsa. $14 drink was served in a plastic cup. One of my ribeye tacos had a piece of meat that had not been cut so I almost choked on it.LIKE  The guacamole with pork rinds. The decor. The upstairs patio view of The Linq.LOVE  Nothing.
2	I came back to this restaurant for dinner and I was very disappointed with the food and the service! Per the reviews most people recommended the lobster tacos but truly they weren't that good. The tacos were very small and nothing extraordinary. The drinks were good but a bit overpriced and the service, well the service was terrible. The restaurant had enough staff to take care of everyone but the employees were just talking to each other! The restaurant has a nice decor and great location but i would not recommend it
5	After being greeted by some positive, smiling girls at the podium by the entrance, we decided to sit in the wonderful bar area that opens up to outside to the patio by the new Linq. It was happy hour so I took advantage of the 2 for 1 margaritas. They were perfect! Absolutely delicious. To pair with the drinks, we ordered some guacamole that had pomegranate seeds in it. What a delightful touch. So fresh. We had a big dinner planned so the only other item we shared were the lobster tacos. Pretty good value during happy hour as these were just to die for. Maybe the best lobster tacos I've ever tried. Service was attentive and professional. Btw- there's a cool mechanical bull in the middle of the restaurant you should check out too!
1	I really wanted to like this place. I went for basic Mexican food, guacamole and carne asada tacos. Both were largely under portioned and extremely over priced. To be honest, I don't care too much about price as long as I'm getting quality food. Roberto's taco shops serves better carne asada tacos and I only go there when I'm drunk/hungover! The server was friendly, location is good, and the decor was okay. I do like the rooftop patio but until they get better quality food and lower their prices I won't be back. It's matter of time before this place shuts down. Hopefully next year the new restaurant will have good food!
4	GIGO food and good drinks. Fresh approach to Mexican food.  A hybrid of a nightclub and Mexican food restaurant.
5	Had a blast down here on 5 de Mayo!! The food was great along with the ambiance. I can't wait to check the place out again!
5	Went back all excited for another serving of Lobster fajitas, but the lobster wasn't up to the chefs standards. After drying my eyes I decided to try the Del Mar share dish. Great dish and I would add include it for options but nothing compare to the lobster fajitas
5	Service was amazing and the lobster fajitas were really good! Definitely going back again.
5	First time to Chayo and our entire group was very satisfied! Service was great and the food was FABULOUS!  There were 6 of us and we got food to share.  At any Mexican restaurant I always judge how my meal will be based on the Chips and Salsa...and from then on I knew the food would be great! Great tasting salsa, and the guacamole with pomegranate seeds was delish!  We ordered different tacos and tostadas to share and the ingredients were fresh and overall super tasty! My favorite, which was something I have never had before was the cilantro cream soup- a must try if you go! Oh and I can't forget the great drinks - awesome twists on the classics!  Ambience  and vibe for a Thursday night was on point!  I really loved the decor too!  Only thing I regret is wearing a dress so I couldn't ride the bull (even though the operator said he would be easy on us).  Great place, next time you are visiting the LINQ stop by Chayo - you won't regret it!
5	This place was really cool.  It has a mechanical bull and great decor, with a southwest sugar skull day of the dead type theme.  We had initially gone just to have a few drinks but decided to order dinner while we there as well.We had actually stumbled upon it trying to see if the Linq was up and running yet, but we are glad we found it.  The food is tapas style and I definitely recommend the Lobster Taco's and the Sope's.  Both were delicious.  Their drinks pretty good too.  The waitresses and female bartenders have a whole lot of cleavage hanging out which is fine unless you have young kids, but really it wouldn't even hit the Richter Scale of things you don't want your kids to see if you have them on the Las Vegas strip anyways.  Call me conservative.  Very pretty girls though.If you are going up the stairs to use the bathroom, be sure to check out all the sombrero's on the wall in the staircase.  Very cool.  I loved the decor.  I wished there was more people there and that the mechanical bull was going when we were there but I think we caught them seriously a few days after they opened.  I will definitely be going back and taking friends there while they are in town.
5	Chayo has the best food ever. I had the vegetarian enchiladas, which were sooo delicious. The ambiance was also very impressive. It provided a calm atmosphere in the midst of the crazy Las Vegas strip. Samantha was our waitress and she was very pleasant!! My friend wanted some vegetarian creation and Samantha did her best and made it happen. I highly recommend this place. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
2	We sat at the bar and had drinks.  I had red wine and my friend had a frozen machine drink.  It was fine.  Not much Spanish selection as I would expect from the decor  but some decent CA ones.  The theme  reminds me of Javier's.  I usually really like the feel of places like this. The staff was attractive and attentive.  But there was something I couldn't quite put my finger on so I asked and found out it is a chain from Florida.  That corporate was what I was feeling.  All look with no soul.  Understandable for the LINQ but meah for me.
2	Simple: Let down. Highly anticipated a great taco dinner, and was greeted with disappointment.  Asked for hard shell, soft shell was brought out. Chicken torta was ordered, but chicken tostada was brought out. Also very slow.  Go to Yard House it's at the end of the Linq and their swordfish tacos are awesome.  (Compliment: The ambiance is very hip and inviting,  bar has purse hooks for the ladies and knee pads up against the bar wall for the men when they slouch to watch the game)
1	Four of us, well dressed.  Just off a flight from Austin.  Met friends who live in Vegas and know the town, and wanted to try a new place for a late afternoon cocktail mid-week. Friendly (if inefficient) servers; the outside patio bar upstairs is quite nice. BUT... Chayo is a complete and total ripoff.  If you want to pay $100 for bad chips, 4 EXTREMELY watery highballs (like a G&T with absolutely NO whiff of gin), and you like to be overcharged, then this is the place for you.  There are plenty of better choices. Ugh.
2	Looked like a place that would whip out some yummy good but not only the food was bland, so were the drinks.  The portions are super small! Not enough to share and the drinks didn't have any liquor, so it seemed.  Not coming back. They have a great location but I doing this place will last long.  Too many other great places around.  Once the hype of The Linq is done, so will this place.
4	Soi loved this place.So I went to Purple Zebra and got a giant frozen drink that Vegas is known for. However my mom was hungry. After a nice host outside said it was cool to bring in my extra alcohol we were seated. I have to say the margarita, for being at a Mexican restaurant, was a major fail. It was just bad. Even though the waiter was really nice about taking it back and replacing it with a different margarita. The second margarita was bad too. So just avoid margaritas.But everything else was amazing.You know how you can eat something and taste love? Well the carnitas tacos I had tasted like love. Just ooey gooey flavorful love. And the guacamole with pomegranate seeds.. #idied So. Freaking. Good. I also had rice. Green rice. That kinda looked like throw up. But if you close your eyes and open your mouth you'll be taken on a journey. A journey into epic rice land full of love and yumminess.Just yeah... Go there.
1	This place is awful!! Do NOT go!!! My friend and I went on a Sunday night. The location is perfect. The decorations are beautiful. It has great potential. We sat on the patio and our server came over right away. That's were it started going downhill. We didn't order cocktails but did order an appetizer. Our server ignored us for the rest of the night and we had to literally ask him if we could order our entrees. The tacos we got were so dry and we didn't want to even eat them except that it took so long to get them that we were starving! Afterwards, we asked for the manager and he did give us a discount and made the server apologize, but it came off so fake and he didn't even bother to make up a fake excuse for his attitude... I would not come back here ever, nor would I recommend it to anyone, local or visiting!
4	I came here for a quick lunch with a colleague and I was pleasantly surprised. The patio was full, but we were seated quickly. Since it was the middle of the day I couldn't indulge in any alcoholic beverages but the food was great. We enjoyed:-Queso Fundido-Ceviche-Guacamole-TacosI really enjoyed the queso fundido. Service was attentive and the people watching on the patio was fun. I plan to return :)
2	Being local Las Vegans, we wanted to check out The Linq. I looked online prior to check out HH. Also noticed 20% off food for locals on Monday, which it is. On our way in we saw some of the food on the tables. Portions were very small. Our waitress came over, very pleasant. Told her we were there for happy hour. She took our drink order and we asked about food special for HH. She said there weren't any. So I mentioned the 20% for locals on Monday. She said we couldn't combine HH with the Locals discount. Pretty crappy. We ordered the chips and salsa for $3. Thought it was delish. Hubby had three draft beer and I had the 2/1 margueritas. The waitress was kind enough to put my second drink in a to go cup. The marguerita was good. Service was pretty slow and it was not busy. So that was a little disappointing. The decor was nice and if it was cooler outside, the patio would be nice for people watching. But I came away feeling it was a bit "tourist trappy". Would do HH for the margueritas, chips and salsa if I happened to be in the area but I don't see myself going back to the Linq.
2	Just had lunch there.  It is a nice place and our waiter was good.  The food was pretty tasteless.  I had the tortilla soup and chopped salad.  The portions are tiny considering the prices they charge.  My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.  The soup is simply tomato with some fried tortilla strips and Mexican cheese.  My wife had a burger that was nothing special.  The bill including  a standard tip was $87.00.  No reason to come back.
5	I went to chayo, 3 times in one weekend. The food is good, service good and a great place to meet up with friends when in town. I am in looove with the puncho villa cocktail!! Taco tuesdays the tacos are half off!
3	As we walked in the restaurant, tacos were being served every where. Why? Because it was 1/2 off Tacos and 2 for 1 margaritas on Tuesday! Chayo would have gotten 4 stars except that the server didn't recommend or tell us about the specials for Tuesday. After I brought it up he said "Oh, I forgot it was Tuesday. Sorry, I live in Vegas and I never know what day it is?" I thought I'm a local, I know what day it is and funny you knew you had to show up to work today?!" Why don't you be honest and tell us you didn't want us to order the 1/2 off tacos or margarita  because you want a higher check average. Besides the server experience, the food was tasty. We enjoyed the rib eye tacos and lobster tacos.  But before we enjoyed the tasty tacos we enjoyed the yummy shrimp ceviche with pork grinds. It was really good.  I never thought about eating ceviche with pork grinds.  We ended the night with the tres leches. I had better but it was pretty good to fulfill my craving for tres leches. Fun atmosphere for date night or night with friends.  The place would gave gotten 4 stars if the server was honest from the beginning.
5	We only had tequila and beer, so I can't comment on the food. I am really just writing a review on our bartender Leah.  We went here two nights in a row after seeing a concert at the Brooklyn Bowl.  Leah was AMAZING!  She has to be one of the hardest working bartenders I have ever seen.  She made our experience quite enjoyable.
4	My wife and I stopped by to grab a bite to eat, with so many places we were worried about picking a good one. We are glad we picked this place. We showed up a little before the dinner rush, so we were seated quickly. The waiter suggested we try a couple of the apps to share. We tried the chicken street taco(so good), empanadas(the wife loved these), and the pork sopes(we both liked these). I tried the Buenos Dias drink, good drink to start the night off with.   I am not sure why all the negative reviews, it looks like they are from about a month ago, so maybe they had a staff change and are back running better. We had a  great time and would go back again. The prices are a little high but it's vegas, eat drink and be happy!
4	We were in town for a bachelorette party and it was our big night out on the town. After the High Roller, we walked down expecting out rooftop patio to be all ready for us at Chayo (as I requested in my reservation). I called several days before the reservation to confirm the patio. When we arrived, the server brought us into the restaurant and sat us in the main area. I asked to speak with the bar manager, Cary, and he informed me that the patio was closed. I was frustrated that no one had called to inform me that my reservation had changed, and Cary completely understood. He actually opened up the rooftop patio just for our group! AWESOME customer service and way to make the night special. We had the whole patio to ourselves, amazing server Malorie was on top of everything, and the food was good. It turned out to be the perfect setting for us! The food is worthy of 4 stars. Service is worthy of 5 stars! Environment gets 5 stars. Unknown staff that failed to follow up with me regarding my reservation gets 1 star.I will return next time I'm in Vegas!
4	first off, the location is great.  right on the pedestrian mall leading to the Linq.  top it off with outdoor seating, fully stocked bar, and great mexican food.  definitely try the house-made guacamole with chips and the fish tacos.  amazingly good.  tequila does weird things to my brain but chayo's has a nice selection of beer & wine so i can stay happy all night.
4	Love Mexican food..so had to try. It's was so good!!!! I loved everything, the food taste, food proportion, restaurant set up!!  a must try when in Vegas!! Plus the linq is a cool place to check out too!! Although, we sat in the back and I went with my parents. They play like today's music and I guess there's a speaker right in the back corner and that's where we were sitting and my parents said it was WAYYY too loud for their taste! A total younger vibe!!
3	The margarita was a very small drink, not worth the $14.  The food is a la carte so you have to buy rice and beans separately. No chips and salsa when you arrive, but you may purchase them. The food was tasty though, so I'll give them that.
5	Get the Sangria-  sit on the outside upper level for a great view.. (They added a fully stocked bar)...Order Lobster Fajitas (killer) & not on the menu!  Food great- service was great too!  Super attentive but allowed you to enjoy the meal... I'm coming back!
5	Back again and I couldn't be more satisfied! The Lobster Fajitas are amazing!!!!  Still! I like most of their signature cocktails but the Sangria just became my favorite.  Can beat the view either.
2	Don't expect to have any conversation with your fellow diners. So loud in there. Made me wonder- is this place a nightclub or is it a restaurant?  Fine either way but owners should make it one or the other Food is nothing to write home about. Fish tacos were greasy and carnitas had chunks of fat in them. Salsa and ceviche were very good. Speaking of salsa. If you want it you have to pay for it. What decent Mexican restaurant out there charges for chips and salsa?  Beans and rice are also a la carte and are not included with your meal. If you are looking for a fun loud nightclub I recommend this place. Don't go there expecting a memorable dining experience.
5	The churros are AMAZING! All of the servers are really friendly. Masih was ours--wonderful service! great atmosphere!
5	I work in the industry & Tuesdays are always my Friday, so happy to hear that the Linq was starting their block parties every Tuesday. I was even more pleased when I went to Chayo to try their half off margaritas and tacos. The lobster tacos are awesome & their drink The Office is delicious! The atmosphere of the place is fun and up beat for anyone starting out their weekend, but also a good place to have a great night with a nice meal and cocktails.  Definitely have to frequent this place whenever I'm at the Linq!!
3	Yes, I am somewhat of a mexican-food snob, as many other Yelper's with a Mexican background, and I dislike giving anything less than 3 starts, but have no problem doing so when I absolutely have to. Let's start with enjoyable side of my visit at Chayo's. The restaurant is spacious, very nice, clean and a great atmosphere for family/group gatherings.  The waitresses were decent, not overly nice nor rude. The food was decent, but nothing to brag about. ordered a Sangria, and it was VERY good! Very refreshing and decently priced. Now, let's get to the problem with this place...My visit with my group of 15+ allowed for plenty of feedback to know well enough it was not just me who felt this way...Ordered the Ceviche appetizer ($14) and was stunned by how small my appetizer was. I'm talking, almost offensive! Noticed that ALL the appetizers were unbelievably small and the entrees were also small, slightly bigger than the appetizers. The Churros ($10) were pretty good, and came with a expresso sized hot chocolate (Abuelita) which was awesome because it's almost unheard of for a Mexican restaurant to serve "chocolate abuelita!" These portions were more like Tapas. Don't come here too hungry....
3	Food was good, service was ok,it was slow on a Fri. but noticed the some of the staff had no training, and acted like they didn't want to be there, I'm a local resident so I'm sure the tourist think we have this all over. TRAIN YOUR STAFF!!! Our server was pleasant,and fast,but the rest forget it!! MARGARITAS were BAD!! for 14$ each.
5	Great food!  Highly recommend the roasted corn side dish.  THE BOMB!  Thanks Joel for the great table service and Marlise for a top notch experience.
1	Well let me start with if I could give this place a 0 I would. We were in Las Vegas yesterday our last night there and we decided to stop here for some food and drinks about 10ish. So it took 10 minutes to even get acknowledged by someone then when the hostess finally seated us we sat there for over 20 minutes waiting for a waitress to take our order didn't show up. I had to ask another waitress from the inside if she knew who our waitress was first fail. 2nd fail I ordered guacamole with pork rinds well took 15 minutes to get and they bring me chips and guacamole. After I told the waitress she began to tell me how pork rinds were not available at late night yet on the late night menu its stated on there. I was really upset why offer something then tell me no we don't.  I had 2 different waitress try to tell me this. So eventually a manager got involved an got me some but not even home made pork rinds food wasnt even worth it and the drinks that took over 30 minutes to get to us. Worst part the table next to us got their drinks and food about 10 minutes before us and they arrived bout 15 minutes after us. Horrible service overall and crappy food.
2	Overly Expensive. Not good, but edible food. They have really slow service even when they are not busy and really don't seem to care that they are slow.
5	The food is excellent quality. Fresh. Delicious. Alejandro the waiter is scrumptious!!!!! The service is great! Watching people ride the bull is hilarious. I highly recommend this place to locals as well as anyone visiting from out of town!
3	Sat outside it was nice to people watch, service was not great, lobster tacos were delicious and the the guacamole was ok. It was quite pricey especially the drinks but what can u expect at a prime spot like the linq. I got the Paloma drink it was good also but not a place I would go back to.
5	Excellent place to watch any game. We were actually watching 2 World Cup games at once. Really good food (I liked the chicken torta and lobster tacos). The bucket of beer is really cold and cheap. Service was good, fast, and friendly.
4	What can I say? Lobster Tacos. Mmmm. Three tacos, with huge chunks of lobster meat, perfectly placed in their taco holder. How awesome is that? I've never seen a place that serves tacos in a taco holder. This comes out perfectly with no mess. They have TVs for watching the game, and obviously it is not Vegas without a bar. They serve complimentary chips and dip, and you can ask for refills if you want.
3	food was great we shared the food between two and there was plenty.  the fajitas and the empanadas we great very flavourful the atmosphere was good and service was good most of the food on the menu is afforable and average for the area, so if ur after mild mexican cuisine then this is the place for you
4	This review may be a lil overdue, because my boyfriend and I have visited Chayo quite a few times now.  Each time we have had a great experience.  We enjoy the location, atmosphere, and of course the food each time we visit!We LOVE the carnitas tacos! You have to try these.... they are great! There is just something about the mix of flavors and textures that makes these tacos a must have!  We order them every time we visit!I would also highly recommend trying the sweet corn enchiladas!Try to sit in the bar area that is open to the outside- great people watching!
4	What a great little place located in the new Linq area of the strip! I'm so glad we gave it a shot! This is not your typical kitschy Mexican joint. It has a cool, modern, and tastefully done Day of the Dead theme going on and is very spacious inside. The service didn't start out so hot, as it took our server a while to come to the table, but it wasn't a huge deal because it gave us plenty of time to look over the menu and she was great after her late arrival. I was disappointed that you have to pay for a basket of chips and salsa. However, after our food came out I quickly realized that we didn't even need them. I've never seen such large portions come out of a Mexican kitchen before! This was a plus because it allowed the four of us at our table to try a good portion of everyone's selections. We had a mix of shrimp fajitas, lobster tacos, chicken enchiladas, and pulled chicken tacos. My favorites were the chicken enchiladas, which really reminded me more of soft tacos complete with avocado slices on top, and the lobster tacos that were loaded with lightly battered and fried lobster chunks. The fajitas were the only dish to come with a side, but sides are offered for $5-$8 each.I'd love to return for my own order of those lobster tacos at some point. Until then...
3	Another place on the strip...another place that's over priced and maybe not worth it. Came here with a group of friends last weekend. Everything was good, service was good, but good god...they charge a lot for everything. Especially their drinks that have hardly any alcohol. (Ironically, the name has "Tequila Bar" in it.)The patio downstairs and upstairs is very nice. I can see why people would want that with the Linq to look at. They also have a bull to ride on, and you know some drunk ladies love some bull riding...I give this place a solid 3 stars. Good food, good service, clean, but for the prices, I think it should be a little better in all areas except the decor. The decor is very nice and they want it to seem upscale. They're just lacking with quality. The margaritas were very sweet with little tequila. I ordered one that was supposed to be more tart.I had the carnitas and they were good, and good if you're not very hungry. Most of their food is smaller portions. I almost always get carnitas when I eat at Mexican restaurants. The lobster tacos were okay - they were a bit too salty for me.One thing I really did enjoy was the guac. That was some good guac. Over all, we had 4 margaritas, carnita tacos, lobster tacos and guac - it was $120 with tip. I don't think it's worth this price. But, whatevs. It was good enough and we all had a good time.
5	This is an amazing establishment. It is located on The LinQ. We sat outside, surprisingly it was very comfortable and cool thanks to the misters. It felt as if we were dining inside with air conditioning. We were greeted right away by the server. chips and Salsa. Chips were seasoned and somewhat spicy. The salsa was Fresh.empanada is amazing I definitely recommend it.I had the Chicken Fajitas. It was an amazing dish. Can't wait to try everything else on the menu.The margarita was good too
3	Stopped in here for a quick drink and snack before a show. The Vine is really cool especially if you sit at the bar towards the back it opens up onto the link shopping alley. The bar is really impressive and the sangria was good we had the chips and salsa and chips and guacamole guacamole is served with pomegranate seeds on the top which made it really excellent
1	The only reason I've given them 1 star because you can't give a -1. Service-Poor! the waiter was no place to be found most of the evening. We ordered 2 appetizers and never received them, we were shocked when the entree's came out and no appetizer. When we finally did get the waiter and explained we never received our food, all he said was "dahhh, do you want me to take it off your bill??? REALLY? Food- Blah...The entree's were dry, no taste and wayyyy over priced. This place will be gone within a 6 months, or sooner. Out of Towners BEWARE- There are way better mexican places in LV, don't waste your money.
5	The margaritas were to die for! The food was great and had a nice modern twist to it. Our waitress Arteese was terrific. She was approachable and very attentive! Prices were mid range, not bad at all. Would recommend the empanadas!
1	We were sat immediately, and the bouncer went to tell the hostess that he sat us. A gentleman brought us waters and said a server would be right with us. After about 10 minutes, another gentleman came by to tell us that he would get a server. After about 15 more minutes, I asked for the manager. She told me that they were short on servers for the shift.I work in a restaurant, I know what that's like. But if a table was sitting there for 20-25 minutes, and didn't have a server or menus, and the only person to help was a busser/expo (sorry, I don't know what his job title was), I would say that it was a very, very, very poorly run restaurant. And if the servers were short handed, the manager SHOULD be the one to help pick up the slack, not be standing by the p.o.s. system asking me what I want to drink when I tell her I've been waiting for 25 minutes for a menu. Needless to say, I left. The food might be good.
2	I've been stoked to try Chayo since the Linq opened (after seeing the restaurant on one of my favorite tv shows in California). I dined Saturday July 12, 2014 for the first and last time.Our server started out very attentive and inquired if we were ready to order frequently. (there may have been ten tables)A gentleman with a large tray which appears to be some of the items I may have ordered comes out and circles my booth but doesn't make any eye contact. He circles the area a second time before placing my food on someone else's table. I acknowledged the server and of course he picked the food up and brought it to me. Another server comes out and does the exact same thing to me and my guest a second time.No one fills the water or even comes back after the mix up the remainder of our lunch. The restaurant was nearly empty you would think these types of errors wouldn't occur! I was highly displeased with the lack of service and mediocre foods especially  after having another guest served my food before brining it to my table!$50 for decent shrimp ceviche, excellent chips and guacamole, terrible empanadas, and a yummy Sangria! My lunch date enjoyed her $15 lobsters and I must admit they looked delish too!!!I will not recommend nor return to this location but I would try in another city!
4	2 for 1 margaritas and half off tacos on Tuesdays!!! Why not? Their margaritas are so good. I like their carnitas tacos, they also have a yummy salsa to go with their tortilla chips. I really like this place and can't wait to go back again.
3	Chayo is a new Mexican style restaurant located in the Linq.  It's right outside the Quad, near the new side entrance to the Flamingo.  The restaurant has a mechanical bull located near the middle of it, even though I'm not quite sure how that relates to a Mexican restaurant.  I've usually seen those type of things at country western bars.  Just seemed a bit tacky to me, but I'm sure it helps the nightlife business.Anyway, on to the food.  The menu here is not large by any means, but they do have some standard tex-mex type cuisine.  You can get enchiladas, fajitas, tacos, etc.  I ordered the shrimp fajitas, which were $20+.  Just a piece of advice, skip the fajitas.  The shrimp was ok, but most of the other items were bland.  I almost forgot that we did have some chips and salsa, which were good.  The salsa was spicy, although not too bad.  The only drawback is that you have to pay for chips and salsa here ($3), and I know most of us aren't used to that.  Those are complimentary at every other Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, but hey, it's Vegas.  My wife ordered the chicken enchiladas, which were dynamite.  I would highly recommend those, as they are full of flavor.  Two people could easily split them.Overall, I thought this place was pretty good.  Not my favorite, but certainly not bad.  I'd like to try one of the other restaurants in the Linq area next time.
5	I am a Colorado Mexican food girl. However, this New Mexican style is amazing. We ate there twice in 5 days while in town. The second time we took 10 people with us. The service was amazing! The chips and salsa good. They are $3...who cares you will spend that in 3 minutes in a slot machine. I had the Rib eye tacos! YUM!!! Delish! So tasty and so full of steak! My hubby had the sweet corn enchiladas. He was in heaven. With beers and tip it cost us about $60 for both of us. We left full and happy. No complaints. Well one! There is not one near me!
1	Yuck!!! Loud irritating music, bad food, the pork tasted like dog food, fish tacos disappointing. I will not eat here ever again.
1	I'm only giving this restaurant 1 star for the food being edible when hungry, but aside from that avoid it at all costs, completely deceiving. It may look nice and modern from the outside, but the food is too pricey, and tasteless. I had the beer battered fish tacos-the fish was too fishy, the tacos overall had no taste that not even lime fixed them. Then I ordered the tortilla soup that was 8$-2 oz, completely overpriced! After, I had a margarita that hardly had any alcohol; it was okay, but definitely too pricey, as well. When going to the Linq, go somewhere else if u have a real appetite for food!
1	I am giving one star because of our really ugly experience here yesterday! The food was good, I had the lobster taco and that's what one star is for. Plus the ambiance is really nice and clean. But If only I could give negative feedback about the server I would, and I wish there's separate ratings for food and servers. Our server was the black haired Latina, didn't get her name because we were just gonna let her attitude go. Anyway, she was so rude and pushy with us ordering alcohol, we didn't want any but still kept pushing. And when I asked if I can have options with the drink that I got, she just got too bjtchy. She was acting too cool and not even treating us like her customers. Me and my friends thought that she didn't deserve any tip because of her attitude and bad service but we still left $3. Leaving the restaurant, she chased us with a really bitchy attitude. "You're gonna give that much tip, for that much amount of food? So did you wanna get your change back???? Is my service really that bad?" Said that very rudely. So my friend ended up giving her $10 so she could just leave and go. Ughhh, most terrible service I've had in my life . I really can't believe her. I even called the manager about her. I feel bad for this restaurant for having her. She deserves to get fired and just quit and have a different job that she actually like and hoping she could read this and realize how bad her service is.
3	I had been looking forward to visiting this restaurant, especially since I won a gift certificate for this establishment. I arrived with 3 others, we requested to be seated and it took roughly around 15 minutes to seat us, reasonable for a Saturday night. First thing I noticed as we began to walk in was the music playing. A but loud for me. We were seated and our server, whose name was Juan as well, was very courteous, jovial and attentive. We placed our order of some drinks, apps and entrees.Our drinks arrived in a timely fashion and were quite delicious. No holding back on the alcohol here my friends! Our apps arrived which consisted of some pork sopes. I was a bit disappointed when they arrived. The sopes were sitting in a pool of lard which made the tortilla of the sope extremely greasy. I understand traditional Mexican sopes are cooked in a small bit of lard for flavor and to crisp it up a bit but this was nothing like that. The seasoning on the meat was good but couldn't really enjoy them much. Our entrees arrived. I personally had the beer battered lobster tacos and had a carnitas taco. The carnitas taco was good but the meat was a bit too dry. Flavors were there but there was a big lack in moisture in the protein. Now for the lobster tacos. I had trouble with these tacos because they seemed to be double salted. As a culinary student it seemed as though the lobster had been cooked and salted prior to frying it, then salting the lobster again after frying. Not too satisfying to the palette. One if my friends had the Manchego Burger. It was ordered medium rare and arrived that way. It was described to be a very delicious and juicy burger. Ad we asked for the bill and prepared to pay, we noticed the music growing louder. This was another problem whole dining as we had to raise our voices to speak to each other comfortably. I believe this establishment is decent. I can't honestly say that I will raving about it but, I will say that everyone should at least try it out. Maybe your experience may be different than mine.
3	Nice, cool and open! Great selection of tequila if that's your thing!Food is really good! Got 2 apps & the steak tacos! Amazing!!
4	This place was very very good! Prices were pretty low too. We got the guacamole and chips which was topped with pomegranate. It was pretty tasty. We also got the Mexican corn which came with 3mini corns powered with cheese,mayo, chile, and lemon! I got the lobster tacos and it came in 3. It was deep fried lobster topped with chipotle sauce, purple cabbage. It was pretty crispy and delicious although I would have preferred the non fried. My boyfriend got the Torta and felt everything was pretty soggy. It came with shredded chicken, purple onion, and slices of avocado. The side was a small salad with a creamy dressing. We sat outside and the whole area was covered with umbrellas so it was nice and cool in the July weather. Restrooms are upstairs but don't worry they also have an elevator you can use to get up there if needed. They also have an upstairs area with dinning, patio, and a bar. Downstairs in the center they do have an electronic bull to get your ride on or be entertained by those who challenge the bull. Our waiter seemed like he was in a rush and just there, he came, he went, we left. Food was great and we will be back! Oh and you get the High roller view!
3	(3.5 stars)  There aren't a lot of Mexican food choices on the strip--especially one with such nice ambience.  I can't say I loved the food, but I liked it and so did the rest of the 5 other people in my party.  Should they have put paprika on the chips?  No.  But my tacos were delicious and the drinks were good.  Service was ok.  It was all around a good lunch and I would definitely go back.
3	The only meat I eat is chicken & since the waitress came to the table and said the chicken tacos were "disgusting" all I ordered was chips & salsa. My cousin ordered fish tacos and she loved them. The place is nice & there's outside seating. Our waitress sucks..
2	Expensive. Paying for the location. Chicken tacos were average and the portion was a bit small. Wife had veggie sweet corn enchiladas. It was average again. Small portion again for the price. I ordered a margarita and it was good, but in a all glass for $14.
3	Try them on Tuesday block party @ LINQ.  Get 1/2 off tacos and 2 for 1 Margaritas.  Tacos are meaty.  If you like spicy this is the place!  I lllloooovvvveeee spicy; although not everyone does.
4	Food, atmosphere and prices we great. Was here with a party of nine. Margaritas and service was excellent! We'd highly recommend the office drink.
5	Great food, great margaritas (4-6 daily happy hour). Service was a little slow but very friendly!
4	One of those moments when you spent too much time checking out Yelp but still went... I am glad we did.My two dear friends and I are in town for the pure fun of being together .  We found the service attentive but not smothering.I had the lobster taco - fabulous... One of my pals had the enchiladas and the other the steak fajitas.  We were thrilled at the food.I had the house sangria and our waters where often refilled.  Great service on refilling the tortilla bowl as well.We sat next to the mechanical bull ring.  It was not in operation at the time.  I could easily see the place being crazy loud when people do saddle up.Very enjoyable meal!
3	Nice spot. Food was tasty but a bit over priced.  20bucks for 4 small chicken enchiladas.  3bucks for chips and salsa. Felt like I was paying mostly for the atmosphere, but then looked over and saw a mechanical bull in the middle of the restaurant. Service was fast and friendly tho. Definitely liked the location being inside the new Linq area.
3	Just ok, we order the Cesar salad witch was soaked in dressing and had no croutons at all. Then I had the shrimp fajita ( no salsa, no Guac and no sour cream :/ whaawhaa I did love the decor tho!
4	No complaints here!  Went for Happy Hour on a busy Saturday.  We were seated right away.  I had 4 awesome margaritas and 3 delicious beer-battered lobster tacos for $40.
4	Chips and salsa are good / not great ... The fish tacos $14 were decent for a fish stick on a tortilla ... Service was good and sitting on the patio watching the tourists stumble was worth an extra star.... Not Viva Mercados (still the best ) but a long way up from makayo's.  I would eat here again
1	I'd love to write a review but I couldn't get service. I requested a table but was directed to the bar by the hostesses since I was a party of 1.  After about 10  minutes of the bartender walking by me repeatedly without even an acknowledgement, I left.  This town is full of choices.  I won't beg someone to take my money.
3	"What makes it a 'mexican mule'?" That was the question of the night. "russian standard vodka + fever tree ginger beer +fresh cucumber + fresh lime," the menu reads. I ordered "the office" (lemongrass infused patron silver tequila +st-germain + fresh lemon + cucumber soda) and found it a little too sweet and syrupy.And that's all we had.
1	This place is horrible. The entire bar staff and hostesses were very rude. You would expect for them to be courteous and be more hospitable but that's far from the case. The manager has no clue what he's doing and does not pay attention to detail or touch tables. His staff is rude and the food is mediocre. My group and I approached the manager to leave feedback with him directly and his insincerity is what prompted me to write this. For the most part, his entire evening was spent with girls at the bar and giving the m free food. Maybe if I was a hot chick with big blobs he might have given my group better service. I suggest that you stay away from this place. Definitely better places on the strip.
4	I love the food here, and thanks for the margaritas, well blended!!!  We always order the Para La Mesa (Meat), the steak is perfectly cooked, tasty and juicy, just enough for 3 people and with all the trimmings.  I hope nothing will change here, i mean when restaurants are still new, the menu is always good, then after a couple of years, starts to decline, quality of food is bad, prices is expensive, then the staff will give attitude. As a local, i think this is the best place on the Strip to hangout and bring out-of-town relatives and friends. My third time it was always good, see you next month, we have friends coming :)  Oh the staff are always friendly here!!!
3	We had a 14 person group seated at a large table that fit us all.  The music playing was too loud to hear the individuals across the large table so the experience was shortened to that of conversation with whomever was seated directly next to you.  The outdoor seating appeared as the better location to be seated.  Service was extremely slow to get our first drink and immediately i was underwhelmed.  Once the food arrived all was saved..it was delicious!  We tried most appetizers on the menu and various style tacos, the tuna, and a few other selections.  The food, the presentation, the timeliness of receiving the food once ordered were all excellent.  There's a bull to ride in the center of the restaurant (if you're in to that sort of thing) and it provided interesting entertainment throughout dinner.If your at the Linq, i would say, stop in for a nice lunch or dinner, just not if your in a hurry!
5	I read the reviews and I was so skeptical about going there but I still wanted to try it since I go to the linq a lot. I actually was surprised the food and the service were great. I would definitely go back.
3	Good food for the price as for the waiter saw him once and had somebody else get him for us at the end.
3	Average food, average prices-for vegas I think. This was close to the venue we were going to so it worked. There was a good variety on the menu.We were seated right away but then our waitress never came over. 10+ minutes later I asked and then she came over (didn't even know we were seated..?not sure where the miscommunication was since it wasn't that busy). Aside from that delay^^ all else was pretty timely. The food came fast after that.Overall, it was okay. I would probably choose somewhere else next time.
4	Alcohol + tacos = best decision ever.  This was an event organized by the conference I was at. half price tacos and two for one margaritas. You can already see where this night went. Tried the ribeye, carnitas, and breaded lobster soft tacos. Split everything with my brother. Loved the carnitas the best personally, but I think my brother preferred the ribeye. Couldn't go wrong with the margaritas at all.It was hopping because of how many people from the conference that were there, so service took a bit. Can't complain too much because we enjoyed the drinks and the scenery. They do have a mechanical bull on the main floor that has a weight limit, much to my little brother's dismay. Great food on the pricy side without the special. Still worth checking out for the good eats.
3	Closer to 2.5 starsWhat can I really say about Chayo? It was ok. Being from a border city and living in San Antonio makes me really picky about Mexican/Tex Mex/Mex-Fusion cuisine.If the service was better, it would be perfectly adequate. I had dinner with a colleague here on a Monday evening. We were pretty hungry and thought this might be a good option. Our server seemed a little out of it and came to our table a few times without even taking our drink orders. He instead waited until we had decided on our food order before accepting our drink orders. I ordered a paloma. This is my beverage of choice anywhere that claims to be a tequila bar. Tequila is my favorite spirit and as such, i was really expecting to be wowed by this semi overpriced cocktails. I wasn't. The only reason I know it had tequila in it, was because they menu said that it did. In a tequila cocktail, you want to taste the tequila, not to judge the strength, but rather to enjoy the pairing of flavors between the agave, the bitter grapefruit and the tart lime. Unfortunately, i was basically drinking a glass of watered down, warm grapefruit juice. Yes, dear reader, it was served over ice, but it wasn't even cold. GROSS!My friend ordered a sangria that also seemed to suffer from a distinct dearth of alcohol. Our food was slightly better, but the service did not improve. Considering the place was practically empty, this was not pleasing. We had ordered chips and salsa to start, but it was brought out with our food. Considering that they charge for them, you'd think they'd bring them out when you ask. I ordered the chipotle chicken tostadas. Depending on where you are, you may be familiar with this dish as chalupas or some other colorful name. Essentially, they are corn tortillas, that have been fried crisp and topped with different things. This particular dish had a smear of black beans, the chipotle chicken, a drizzle of sour cream, a sprinkling of queso fresco and a random slice of radish as garnish. The chicken was smokey, but lacked spice and would benefit from some acid. It was a large portion (3 to an order), but the tortillas were not able to stand up to the toppings and ended up falling apart. I had to eat them with a fork. My friend had the carnitas tacos. Her tortillas also seemed to fall apart. She was pretty happy with the meat. The chips were pretty generic, but the salsa was not very good. It was pretty bland.
2	Only giving this two-stars because of the service.  Everyone from the bartenders to the food runners were very nice.  But... Oh my this place sucks.  Short Story: The food is terrible. Longer Story:The music makes you think they fancy themselves a nightclub, at 2:00am, on a Saturday.  Even though it's a Tuesday.  And empty.  And 10:00pm.The margaritas were 2-for-1 (cool) and had so much 'sour' in the mix that I had heartburn until the next morning (super not cool).  I've never had that happen, and I've had a lot of margaritas in my life.The tacos were 1/2 off (cool) and tasted so terrible I couldn't finish one (not cool).  The meat was slow cooked in something that I suppose someone likes as it made it to the menu, after a major/costly restaurant build.  But the thought of having another one already makes me ill.  The Caesar salad that I ordered as a replacement was just as bad, which I don't know how it's possible.  Except too much anchovy in the dressing?  The dressing was even on the side and I couldn't eat half of the salad.  And they insist on making their chips "fancy" by putting WAY too much seasoned salt/whatever.  Oh, and the guacamole was garnished with pomegranate seeds.  Fancy.Bottom line, no reason to go here.  Unless you have the need to ride a mechanical bull?I really hope those nice bartenders get good jobs.  Can't imagine Chayo can employ them too much longer.
5	We went chayo  today to enjoy the game. We sat in the lounge area.our server was kristin. She did such an amazing job!the food was amazing. We ate fishtacos, Carnitas tacos, and chips and salsa. Always greeted with a smile and the beers were cold,fast,and delicious! The manager penny was a gem! She changed every TV That every guest wanted. And let me tell you the place was busy and demanding! BRAVO chayo!  We willbe back! Football season is on here!
4	So within the Linq next to an entrance to the Flamingo sits Chayo and certainly it was quite a fiesta..Now whether that's good or bad I guess the remainder will help determine?It had almost a dive bar feel to me as it was a very small enclosure, but with it being NFL Sunday it did seem to house quite the mass of people..Atmosphere wise it was certainly popping, but a draw back for me was the street performers to the right from the flamingo charging pictures with a parrot..Can't say hearing those things squawk through the entire meal makes me feel like a high roller!Foodwise I was sold on the lobster tacos..They came out in a quantity of 3 and more towards street taco size, but I did find them to be well worth it..The lobster itself came battered and fried which oddly enough worked for me and the tortilla itself did have a light feel to it and I wasn't left heavy as the meal concludedOur server seemed a bit off though as his one liners were met with crickets and he didn't take too kindly to us not wanting to try the specials of the night..He wasn't quite his joking self when I passed on ordering the highly recommended chicken or steak burrito..It was almost as if I was in an abusive relationship and not allowed to order for myself when it came down to it Overall I can look past a weird waiter and just say I would give this another go for a mexican craving walking around the Linq..Maybe next time I will not have to drive so that I can take in the alky and review that as well!
2	As the rating stars say when selecting them, "Meh. I've experienced better."There wasn't anything really bad, I guess, but the food wasn't good. It was mediocre, it did the job. My companions drank and the drinks appeared to be interesting and they enjoyed them but they weren't magic either. The service was so-so. We had two drinks and a couple appetizers to keep the booze-crawl going and headed out.
5	A good friend of mine told me about this place so I had to try it. I ordered the beef short rib, and a lobster tacos to table share. The short rib beef was very tender and flavorful and the tacos were amazing. We also had a guacamole and chips and salsa for the table. The chips and salsa were unbelievable and the guacamole was one of my favorites ever. As far as drinks go, I went with the servers recommendation and I must say... it did not disappoint. I enjoyed what they called the office, patron silver accompanied by lemon, cucumber soda and st germain.Overall this was a very pleasant experience. The food was great and our server Jordan was incredibly helpful and nice. I would 100% reccommend this to anybody in the area looking for Mexican food.
2	This is my 4th visit to this restaurant.  My first visit in August I was impressed with the presentation of the food that is why we bring guests here.  We always order the Para La Mesa, which comes with mini cast iron container where they put the sides of rice, beans, corn and including the mini tortillas in cast iron with lid which kept it warm.  We have guests again and we brought them here last Wednesday.  I thought it would impress them.  Here's what happened, we got an attitude from waitress because our guests asked questions, I think she didn't like that.  A waiter/waitress should explain to new customers; however in the end she kinda back down a little bit.  And going back to the food presentation, it's not the mini cast iron anymore, but we got the sides in those ugly soup cup and although they give mini tortillas they put it in a stainless steel can and you have to eat the tortillas right away otherwise it gets cold.  Since the food is good for 4 people, which they also gave us 4 mini tortillas we requested for more tortillas versus the big amount of meat.  When the tortillas came they gave us corn instead of flour.  We didn't return it as everyone was hungry and cannot wait anymore, we ate what we have.  Also, I cannot understand that this restaurant doesn't even have butter or should I say "mantiquilla."  The last time I was there they gave it to me!!!  Management, please don't change anything, otherwise, you'll lose customers like us!!!  Leave the mini cast iron for sides and to keep the tortillas warm, ensure that your waiters/waitress explain to new customers that the chips & salsa are separate not included in the meal, these little things that captivate me most, food presentation, quality of food, and awesome service!!!
1	Don't waste your time OR your money. Staff was rude and slow service!!   Food was terrible.
4	I want to preface this review by stating that I visited Chayo with a large group of people for a business function and we were seated upstairs in a private dining room, so I can't really comment on the ambiance of the place overall; however, it looked awesome from the way in - nice dark wood, great outdoor seating, and a mechanical bull (that unfortunately I didn't get to try!). The cilantro cream soup with pine nuts was awesome, and the sweet corn enchiladas were AMAZING. Unfortunately I didn't get to finish them due to the sheer amount of food we had gotten with our appetizers, but I would have taken them home with me if I hadn't had plans later that evening. Overall, an awesome Mexican restaurant that I won't hesitate to go back to the next time I am in Vegas.
4	I thought the food was very good, the service was not bad but not outstanding either. We waited a while longer than we should after we got seated before anyone approached us and then waited a bit longer after we ordered our first round of drink but after that things were fine and the waiter was on point from there on.  I ordered the shreded pork enchilads and they were fantastic. They were not smothered in cheese or sauce like some places, just enough sauce and cheese so as not to overpower all the other flavors going on. We ordered guacamole and some queso fundido for appetizers. The guac was very good, a nice amount of spice and pomegranate seeds made for a different and unique taste. The queso fundido was ok, I have had much better. All in all it was a good experience and I would definately return or recommend to a friend.
2	We dined there last night and sat on the patio. The house margaritas were sour and had very little tequila in them. Chips and salsa were delicious but an extra $3 charge. The guacamole was delicious and highly recommened. We ordered tacos for $3 each as a Tues. special and they were not special. Very small and just somewhat tasty. One order of fajitas was good. I would not recommend this restaurant as a $150 bill with tip for 5 on a night with $3 tacos and 2 for 1 margaritas was very pricey.
5	This was not the best restaurant I have ever been to.. The food was mediocre at best. However, the service was PHENOMENAL it made up entirely for the food because my experience was so great. Our server, I believe his name was Jordan, was very attentive and had great energy. I truly enjoyed talking to him. In addition to being a blast to talk to, he was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful. Thank you for a great night Chayo and Jordan
1	Too bad I have to give them one star and cannot give them zero stars. I don't know how their food and drinks are, but their service is HORRIBLE. Eight empty patio tables on a weekday afternoon, and the hostess told me there is a 15 minute wait - would I like to put my name down on the list. The inside of the restaurant was not full - it was half empty. This is the most ridiculous restaurant I have ever encountered. If I owned the place I would fire every single person working there today for being complacent to this inane seating policy. Serve the customers you have - not the ones you need to text to remind them of their reservation.
3	Food overall quite good. Service good. But if you want to use Total Rewards point, don't come here. They claimed they are not part of the system but they ARE located in casino run by the Caesar. Took them a long time to figure out how to do it finally but we're told they need to charge double points. Very expensive meal and expensive lesson to learn.
2	This restaurant was a joke! We were seated right away but it took nearly 45 min for them to bring us our food! The price was rediculous $18 for a burrito that was tiny, we were charged for the chips and salsa that we didn't even order! Robertos puts the to shame when it comes to real Mexican food, real service and a bang for your buck!!!
5	Had a wonderful lunch, attentive wait staff and nice crowd in the bar. Here for the Rock'n'Roll Marathon & Half and the food was an authentic experience. Very much loved that they have the organic Tequila Casa Noble one of the smoothest around. Good time here! House made tortilla chips and guacamole was fantastic among other entrees. Can't go wrong with their menu.
2	A little pricy for the quality of food you are getting. We ordered Filet Steak Nachos as an appetizer. The nachos came out with just chips, cheese and the steak. Steak was great but the cheese literally tasted like the cheese you'd get out of gas station nachos. But service was good. The two stars is for it being pricy for what you are getting. No restrooms on ground floor. Uh..:just not feeling it.
2	Just say no!  That is to the endless over-suggestive selling of everything.   Don't get the rice at their suggestion, you have enough food.  Wildly anointing!  Here's the kicker -- one you get you food and don't want another drink, you will never see another server ever.  They obviously don't care if you need something else if it's not going to rack in extra income.  the food itself isn't bad, but you can do so much better in this town.
3	Food was really good, restaurant was decorated really well and our hostess seated us where we wanted and was really nice!The service on the other hand, was awful.  Our server took a long time to even approach our table and when she did it seemed like she was completely out of it.  She took our drink order and we asked for waters, our drinks came but we had to ask her 3 different times for water.  We ordered our food, it came out quickly which would have been great if my order wasn't completely wrong- which I told our food runner since yet again our server had disappeared.  It didn't take long for my food to come out so I wasn't too bothered by it.  When it came time to pay the bill we had separated it onto two cards and the rest cash.  I was looking at my bank statement to check my balance while we were waiting for her to come back and noticed that she had ran my card twice and had not run my friends card, which over drafted my account and charged me a fee.  We pointed this out to her and she did delete the payment but her demeanor was just completely confused.  Needless to say I was pretty disappointed seeing as I was told how great this place was.  If you work in the service industry, stay home if you are having an off day.
4	We eat Mexican food on Sundays, no matter where we are! It's great hangover food for me, we walked by this nicely decorated colorful restaurant and bar after our High Roller ride, decided to give it a try, we were hungry and buzzed, nothing better than some mexican food for us at the moment!Chose a big booth to sit down comfortably, had guacamole, chips and salsa to start, very fresh and flavorful guacamole with pomegranate seeds in it, so good, loved the spicy and salty red salsa sauce! The chips were lightly seasoned, very crispy and yummy, they didn't fill me up too much at all.I had shrimp diablo, the shrimps were so tender in juicy flavorful sauce, very delicious! Hubby had steak fajita in medium rare, he loved the tender steak with red in the middle, it was bomb! I liked the street taco sized tortillas. Our food was great, I had a Chayo paloma, very strong and tasty. Our waitress was so attentive and fast, impressive service!  Loved our casual Mexican dinner, relaxing and chill vibe at this restaurant was just what we needed on a Sunday night!
2	Basic Mexican food.  Disinterested staff.  Sat at the bar for dinner and bartender seemed annoyed we asked for a food menu.  We decided to move to a booth after the bartender disappeared.  Our new waitress was fine.  No menu explanation.  Luckily we saw the Taco Tuesday sign on the way in and asked about it.  Ended up going with at least one of each taco.  Most of them have mayo based chipotle sauces and are similar to anything you'd get at Del Taco.I'd go back but wouldn't be excited about it.
5	Chayo's is great! The food was amazing, the chips and guacamole was the best I have had in awhile. The decor is very ornate, I loved all the different sugar masks and crosses. Our waiter was so fun and attentive. I will be back to visit Chayo's again.
4	I was actually lost looking to go meet a dude at YARDHOUSE and Saturday night around 8:15 Nov 22 the two drop dead beautiful young dark haired girls were kind enough to realize I'm lost and offer me directions then invited me back for a drink after my date!!!!  Amazing cus service!  Seriously!  I'm a cocktail server and I'll spread the word!
3	Chad was a very pleasant waiter who checked in on us periodically and got us everything we needed.  We ordered (too much food) chips and salsa,guacamole and pork rhinds, with pomegranate seeds on top  :), the steak fajitas - cactus pieces were found in the mix, and they came with a sizzling piece of corn on the cob to our enjoyment! The tortilla soup was  just so so; it had a weird flavor and the small portion was definitely NOT worth $8!  Overall, the food was good but a bit overpriced (but hey, it's Vegas, right?!).
2	Expensive & mediocre tacos. The chips & salsa were just okay & cost $3. The fish & carnitas tacos were just so so & for $13 for three tacos & no rice & beans I expected much better. The margaritas are good but again, expensive. I wouldn't have minded so much if the food was good & they comped the chips but it's pretty much just a tourist rip off. It was entertaining to watch people riding the mechanical bull though.
3	I give this place 3 stars. The food was okay. It came out very fresh and professional looking. The drinks were good also we got a dark sangria for the table. Our server on the other hand was very rude and inconsiderate. If it wasn't for our bus boy Jared who saved his servers back we would of left before we got our food. We tipped the bus boy instead of the server. I would recommend this place if your in the area. Not worth the drive though.
2	Empanadas were great,  but we sat outside and the music was competing with the music from flamingo.   It was impossible to hear anything and was the opposite  of relaxing.  The nachos were cold, and swimming in velveeta.  Could be a nice place,  but the music situation needs to be resolved
3	Good mexican place on the strip. Chips and salsa were real good and hot. Their normal salsa is no joke.
3	The food was tasty, but some people should not be in the food server business. Our poor waitress seemed overwhelmed with the few customers she had.
5	Stopped by this place, and came back the next night.  All the staff is so friendly.  The mechanical bull is free (but please tip), the service was excellent.  Great little gem.
4	I came here on a Sunday morning around 10am, and we wanted to grab a bite and get some Bloody Mary's . I'm glad we popped in. They don't serve breakfast. They have the traditional Mexican fare. I had the  chicken enchiladas,  it doesn't come with rice nor beans, it's was tasty. My boyfriend scored when he ordered the carnitas taco plate. It came with rice and frijoles de la olla. (Which is pinto beans with a tad bit of chorizo)  quite excellent,  reminded me of childhood.  Recommend the carnitas taco plate.Absolutely wonderful Bloody Mary mix, which is house made and we were offered a taste before we picked regular or spicy. I ordered spicy and it was just enough kick of horse radish.  Yummy!!! My boyfriend ordered regular, drank half of it and added a corona,  the best bloody beer in Nevada.
4	Came here on a Monday night so it was pretty dead, they usually have a bull riding except on that day but I still want to give it four stars for the tasty pina colada and the chips and salsa were some of the best I ever had. I'd like to come back for the food!
1	As a Vegas local its rare I make it to the strip. I stopped in to have a light bite and a drink. The food was good and the Chayo margaritas were great but our bartender Melissa was not so great. She was very dry, rude and unfriendly. I would come back but I recommend avoiding having Melissa wait on you. If I could I would give it one star. Service is everything in Vegas so zero rating for that!
2	Got seated and right on the table was part of the ceiling. Apparently no one noticed. I'm not sure but I don't think the menu can be printed any smaller. Even with glasses I had a hard time reading it. The place was not very busy, service kinda slow. Ordered the 3 chicken tacos. I swear the menu said the chicken tacos came on corn tortillas (again the menu super tiny so.....) they came on flour. Dripping grease with a little lettuce and radish, no cheese. Kinda disappointing. The server was pleasant but seemed a little flustered. Over all not impressed at all
3	N/A
5	Only one word - Yummy!!!!!Ask for Cody - he is awesome and keeps the margaritas coming.Try the rib eye tacos.
3	Dined here a week before Xmas.  Food was good. We tried the ceviche, green corn enchiladas, and chicken enchiladas.  Ceviche was very flavorful as were the enchiladas.The only issue was the initial service.  The restaurant wasn't busy at 6pm , and we were seated inside promptly with menus  Then we proceeded to wait for like 15 mins. Waiters passed by....no acknowledgement.  Finally we flagged someone and asked if we had a waiter.  A waiter or busboy said he'd get someone.  Another 5-6 minutes and our waiter appears.  We mentioned the wait and she apologized but was like "Oh, I don't know anything about that.  They just told me to come over here."   It's true,  she hadn't been one of the many waiters who'd passed us by so I guess they did just pluck her out of the blue.  Plus, she was super nice and the service was very good after that,It just made us wonder---is this usual Vegas service?  Cuz right after Chayo, we went to Serendipity for dessert and had the SAME problem.  Hmm.  Very strange.
1	Would have liked to have tasted food.  But after 10 minutes in our booth with no service , we left.  Lots of staff standing around looking bored.
2	This is basically a sports bar with great drinks and plenty of TV 's but if you are looking for good Mexican food, forgetaboutit. The food is barely adequate and quite Americanized. I must say, the chips are great b it the salsa was a little too spicy and they should offer a milder version. It's a good bar but lossy restaurant!
5	We had a wonderful experience here. Everything was just perfect. Excellent service, great food and a fantastic ambience. I ordered the beer battered fish tacos and my wife got the Diablo shrimp. The shrimp was just too good. Couldn't resist having it though it was super hot/spicy.. I highly recommend this place and will come back for sure when I'm in Vegas the next time. It is way better than the overhyped buffets at all the casinos.. Additional stars for the excellent service.
3	This place is just alright. I mean, they kinda have a mechanical bull in the middle of the floor, so....First off my friend and I came in and were seated in section that did not have many people. It took ten minutes before we decided to move to the bar, since no one came at all to help us yet. When we began to move, a number of people surrounded us asking for our order. Yeah, no. Bar time.I got the Avocado salad which was pretty good considering it only had three small pieces of Avocado on it. It had spicy toasted pumpkin seeds, shredded cactus, and a very tart limey sauce. Not too bad.Drinks were relatively priced, and having conversations with the bartender while he cut a thousand limes was fun.Overall this was an ok place to go.
5	Great food. Chicken tacos are amazing! Mario was a great server. Great front host staff as well. A text to let me know my table was ready! Follow me @kev702
4	Yummy food, very clean, great atmosphere and decorating. Chayo team - thanks so much for having us - we had a great time. Our server Chad was knowledgeable and the rest of management and even back of the house was so nice and accommodating!
