5	The doctors and staff are amazing at Sunrise Pediatrics! I always feel so welcome and they are always so flexible when my children get sick and I need them to be seen right away. The doctors not only help my children feel better but they also educate me in what to do or not do and what to watch for in the future. It's an amazing feeling to find a pediatrician in Las Vegas who makes us feel like we are family. The office is also very beautiful and decorated so great for the kids. My daughters are always so excited to go to their doctors office and they love the different themed patient rooms with custom patient beds. It's the little things =)
5	I love love Dr. Pathan she is so sweet and very attentive, I always feel like I learn a lot from every visit, The office is clean, the staff is friendly and have never waited very long. They are very flexible with scheduling and the Dr. knows me and my kids. I appreciate finding a great office close to home with awesome Drs.
5	We love Dr. Sanjay Kandoth! He is a gem; he really is the sweetest, best pediatrician! He takes his time with his patients and answers any/all questions and always asks if we have any more questions/concerns. We feel so comfortable and at ease with him. Unlike some pediatricians, he would suggest other methods instead of quick to prescribe medications. His staff are really awesome too. Unlike most pediatricians' office who overbook patients and you wait hours to finally see the doctor, Dr. Kandoth is good at keeping his appointments. We're in and out in less than 30 minutes. It's also so easy to book a same day appointment. It took us almost 16 years to find a wonderful pediatrician like Dr. Kandoth. He is definitely a keeper!!
5	Took my son here and made an appointment same day. Had no problem got to see the doctor within a reasonable time. Not as crowded like some other doctors office.
1	I struglle because I love two of the Dr's in the office. Dr Kandoth and Dr Pathan have always been amazing. However I only see them on occasion when I bring in my daughters. I've been going there now for 2 years and while the doctors are great and wait times are low.... we consitantly have issues with perscriptions being sent to the pharmacy (or being legiable for the pharmacy to process them, vaccines being available (three times now i've had to make return visists because they ran out of a certain vaccine), and when trying to schedule, reschedule, or speak with the front desk staff they are consistnatly rude. As of recently we have decided to take our business elsewhere because of the lack of professionalism coming from their front desk staff. Just because your busy doesn't mean you take it out on the parents of your patients.
2	No toys or tv for children during lobby waiting period and the nurse offered a lollipop to my 12 month old on our way out. not the kind of practice I am looking for.
1	I would like to start by saying, if this were only a review for Dr. Khursheeda Pathan, I would whole heartedly give a 5 star review.  But, alas, it is a review for the entire Sunshine Pediatric practice.I went to pay a balance that I shouldn't owe (see below) in full today.  When I pulled into the parking lot, I parked in the only space with shade and quickly looked at the posted sign.  I admit, I didn't read the entire thing...  I just glanced at the top of it and thought it was a reserved spot for Sunrise Pediatrics patients.  Again, my fault, I should read.  :)  I was inside for a total of 6 minutes to pay the bill.  As I was leaving, a man walked in and asked about my white Honda outside.  The conversation went something like this--Rude Doctor--"You are parked in a provider's spot."Me--"I'm sorry; I didn't realize."Rude Doctor-- "Well, that's what the sign is for.  You should read (said rudely)." Me-- "I'll do that next time (said somewhat sarcastically)."Rude Doctor-- "Next time we'll just have you towed like the sign says (seething with condecention)."Me-- "Oh, there won't be a next time."Wow.  I realize that doctor's aren't in the business of customer service, but I sure don't need to pay to be talked to in an arrogant, condescending manner.  Other issues I have with this practice:-Don't expect to be greeted when you walk in the door.  Pretty much they just point to the sign in sheet with not so much as a hello.-Charged for office visit when assured that it was covered by front desk.I received this practice's name from my insurance company stating that it would be covered.  Upon arrival, I asked the front desk receptionist to double check for me as I my insurance company has been known to lead me astray.  He reassured me that it wouldn't be a problem.  I double checked with him again just to make sure, and once again he said it wouldn't be a problem.  Wrong.  On my next visit (2 weeks later) the female at the front desk told me within a few minutes of walking in that the well visit would not be covered under my insurance, which I appreciated.  Unfortunately it left me with a bill from my previous visit when the male receptionist didn't take the time to double check for me.Again, Dr. Pathan is amazing.  If you request her and you make sure to park in the correct area of the parking lot, you would get decent service.  Definitely do not see the male, Caucasian doctor that works there unless you want to be talked to in an extremely condescending manner.
