1	I am only putting the phone number so if you have the unfortunate experience of dealing with this company, you can call and complain.  They are only getting 1 star because of the cleanliness of their vehicles. I hired mayflower to take me from PHX airport about 20 miles away to a strip mall. It was a $40 cab ride for which I tipped the man $7 and asked him for a card and if they serviced the area, because I would be needing their services within the next few hours to pick me up and drop me about 10 miles down the road. I called at 12:30 pm for a 1:00 pickup. At 1:10, no cab. I call, and am told it is on it's way, right down the street. 1:30, still no cab (need to be at a meeting by 2). I call back and am now told they outsourced the call to yellow cab. I call yellow cab and guess what, they don't even service this area. I call back Mayflower, they never even dispatched a car. Apparently the guy who handles that is at lunch and they can't be bothered with my business. No apology given. Next time, I will spend the extra $$ a get a town car so I can make my meeting on time.
1	At  0540 on 09/01/2011 I was commuting to work at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport along I10 on my motorcycle when Mayflower cab # 531 come on an on ramp and cut me off and just about broadsided me.  The driver was talking on the telephone.  I contacted the company and they assured me that the driver would be reprimanded.
1	I am usually pretty fair on my reviews but this company was AWFUL.Here was my experience:Called to schedule a cab ride to the airport 2 hours before I needed to leave. The operator, whom had a very difficult time understanding English , took down my information. Two hour came and went, no taxi in sight. Called the company, same operator as before, to have them tell me that they "ran our of taxis and cant pick us up". He was not apologetic, his response was "call Yellowcab" then gave me their number.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!
1	I split a cab ride with a gentleman on my way home from the airport, but rather than have us split the cost, the cab driver charged both of us for the full fare from the airport to our homes. The total for about 15 miles of driving came to about $70.More importantly, the driver did not seem to know the city of Phoenix very well at all (despite its simple grid system). He drove from downtown to the interstate rather than driving me through the more direct route on surface streets. Once we were on the interstate, he attempted to get off at every exit, and I had to tell him on each occasion that I lived further north. Once off the interstate, he attempted to drive me back towards downtown. Once parking in my apartment's lot, he drove around excessively, adding an additional $1.50 to the fare, even though I asked him to stop and let me out. I don't know if the circuitous route was the result of ill intention or ignorance, but I ended up paying $40 for a 5 mile drive. When I attempted to call Mayflower's office to see about having my fare retroactively adjusted, no one answered their phones. I'm still waiting to speak with someone.
2	Got scammed by the driver in car #560. Took us for stupid foreign tourists and ran the cab off meter, claiming it was broken. Ended up charging us $30 for what should have been a $16 fare. Called dispatch in the morning and they took down my info and will send me a check for the $14 he overcharged us for.  He was apologetic. A full refund would have been better but ill take $14.  This was the first of several annoyances in our 9 hour layover in Phoenix.
1	Cab smelled awful and the driver was extremely rude.  The hotel was only 3 miles away which he complained about the entire ride, the meter was $8, I had to pay $16 for airport pickup minimum charge, ok I get that, then he complained because I wasn't paying cash (if you only want cash say NO when a customer asks if you take credit before entering the cab). Then called me cheap because he didn't feel a $10 tip was sufficient for 5 mins of driving and rude conversation. Never again
1	I have had a few run ins with this cab company.  Now I have never used their services and after tonight I will for sure never use them.  Had a driver (cab #512 at 8:30pm on 7/11/2013 off ramp of 202 and Priest) make an illegal right hand turn and come into my lane.  I honked and he tries to force his way over still.  He found out that F-150 does not move for little car.  After this attempt he hits the gas in his car and cuts me off then break checks me.  I have seen some bad driving from this company before, but this was just reckless driving.  I have tried to call their number a few times but keep getting voice mail.  Left a message and no call back.  For your own safety use another company!!!
1	As has already been lodged, I was asked for cash.  He didn't resist but was clearly annoyed that I wanted to pay with plastic.  He used some generic (read: not Square) payment system on a small tablet.  Could have been a skimmer for all I know.  I never got the receipt I was supposed to get so that'll be an issue for the expense report.I will skip Mayflower next time.
2	Took this cab co from PHX airport. The cab was okay inside, not the cleanest I've ever seen, but not horrid either. Biggest issue? He took my payment on a tablet + Square (type) device, and said he had to email me the receipt. He asked me TWICE to enter in the email address. Yet I never got the receipt! Guess who doesn't get reimbursed for business expenses without a receipt?! .... This dummy who took Mayflower...
1	Driver #511 was erratic and almost rear ended another vehicle twice while speeding and following too close going to the Phoenix, AZ airport. Not too mention doing so while talking on his cell phone.
