5	Amazing sushi.  It really helps that this place is a 3-minute walk from my house.  We did the all-you-can-eat.  Their eel sauce is super sweet like maple syrup.  At first, I felt like I was eating sushi at IHOP.  The taste did get old towards the end, but by then I was incredibly full anyway.  The salmon kama is also awesome.  I love their unagi!!!  (I love unagi in general, but theirs is exceptionally good).
2	We were pretty excited when the signs for Inaka Sushi were going up!  Finally, a sushi place in our neck of the woods and an all-you-can-eat one too, no less!  (Even better, the Husband was more than familiar with their first location after being a regular there.)Joining us was Melissa G. and another friend from SoCal who never gets AYCE sushi ever.  The dinner menu is $23.95, which is cheaper than some of the other sushi restaurants around.It was pretty empty on a Saturday night, but we figured it was because of the location more so.The menu selection is pretty standard with appetizers, nigiri, sushi rolls, and ice cream included in the AYCE.Appetizers: * Age Tofu (Deep Fried Tofu With Tempura Sauce) - Not quite like other restaurants where it sits in broth with bonito flakes.  Rather it's slices of soft tofu, lightly deep-fried, and tempura dipping sauce.* Shrimp Tempura - Standard, nothing special.* Green Mussels (Baked Mussels with Special Mayonnaise) - When we ordered this, we thought it was just regular baked green mussels.  It's more like "Dynamite" because of the mayo sauce and served in a scallop shell.* Yakitori (Grilled Chicken on Skewers with Teriyaki Sauce) - The Husband ate all of them, so I guess it was okay.* Seafood Ragoon (Deep-Fried Mixed Fish and Cream Cheese Wrapped in Wonton Skin) - It had a stronger salmon taste, and a dipping sauce would have been a good complement to it.* Miso Soup* Cucumber Salad (Sliced Cucumber with Sesame Dressing) Nigiri:* Amaebi (Sweet Shrimp) - Limit of one order of two per person.  It wasn't exactly what I called amaebi, the raw sweet shrimp.  It's a fake and bad substitute of two pieces of cooked shrimp sitting on rice.* Albacore (White Tuna)* Cajun Albacore* Hamachi* Garlic Tuna* Ikura (Salmon Roe)* Saba (Mackerel)* Sake (Salmon)* Hotate (Scallop) - Before ordering this one, we asked if the scallops were small ones mixed up with stuff or the larger variety.  The waitress confirmed it was the larger variety sliced in half and laid over the rice.  Well, when she brought it over, it was the former variety and not what we wanted.  It's a good thing we only requested one order since we ended up not eating it.  The waitress said it was because she was new and didn't know.* Uni (Sea Urchin) - Limit of one order of two per person.From the first bite of sushi, we knew that we weren't going to be happy.  The sushi rice was mushy and lacked the vinegar that makes it sushi rice.  Over and over again, I was getting less than impressed with their rice.  Blah.Sushi Rolls:* Salmon Skin Handroll* Spider Roll (Soft Shell Crab, Crab Salad, Masago & Eel Sauce) - Melissa G. wasn't too impressed with their version as they use a different batter so it comes out a lot darker and not as tasty.  It was alright.* Something Wrong Roll (Deep Fried Assorted Dish Fish Roll with Spicy Sauce) - It's tasty because it's deep fried and sits in a bed of mayonnaise spicy sauce.* Catepillar Roll (Fresh Water Eel, Cucumber & Topped with Avocado and Eel Sauce)* Kiss The Ass (Spicy Spider Topped with Spicy Crab) - I didn't even realize there was a soft shell crab inside because the crab concoction dominates the roll.Before we started ordering any of the rolls, I asked the waitress if they used Sriracha to make the hot sauce.  After much confusion, she finally went to the sushi chef to ask.  They were making a big deal out of it as if I was asking for the secret recipe to their spicy sauce when all I wanted to know is if they use it at all.  The final answer, yes.  I'm not a big fan of the stuff in my sushi.Dessert:* Green Tea, Plum, and Mango Ice Cream - Pretty good ice cream, and we all had our share.  Good stuff!Service could use some improvement.  With only two parties present, our waitress was too busy socializing than getting our order or refilling our tea and water.  Some orders were forgotten and needed some reminding.  The other waitress was a bit pushy about rushing me to clear a plate off as she waited so she could take it away.Overall, we were less than impressed and won't be going back.  It was just disappointing and screwing up the basic sushi rice is a bad sign.
2	Went to have all you can eat sushi with Teri, Reggie, and her friend. Although the all you can eat sushi's are popping up everywhere in the southwest, it is in an area that is just beginning to develop so I don't know if that's why they didn't have business. Kinda weird because it was a weekend! There were only a couple other people in the restaurant. I think most locals have their all you can eat faves like Sushimon :). The nigiri was ok, fish was cut thin and small pieces, but rice sucked. When the rolls remind me of something you can buy at a grocery store, it's a bad sign. They had alot of the crab mixture filling them up. One roll we got was covered in mayo and sauce which made it better. The cucumber salad had a dressing straight from the bottle and the tofu was not the way I was used to from other restaurants. For being empty the service sucked. At other all you can eat, the waitresses are usually right there ready to take more orders. Also this waitress did not seem like she got her sushi training because she was having a really hard time answering questions etc. I admit I am a tad bit of a sushi snob, but I would not recommend this restaurant unless you have very low expectations for sushi! hehe
2	I agree with the reviews on this place. We went there when they FIRST opened this location and two of the four of us got all you can eat.  The amount of food you get for the price isn't really worth it for the combination dinners.  I understand they you can't share the "all you can eat" sushi with those getting the regular dinners, but they said something to us when we were taking a spoon full of the green tea ice cream at the end of the meal...that was a little much.I love the location of this place because it is close but we have never gone back and chose to drive further for better food, amount of food and better service.
4	I tried this place out yesterday, with my husband,son (on a high chair) and brother.  We got the all  you can eat sushi for around 22 dollars.  I have tried a couple of sushi places in the are and thought they sucked so I was judging this one before I walked thru the door.  I was pleasantly surprised to find out the food was pretty yummy.  The place was empty besides a couple and us, and really clean.  There were two waitresses that were on us like hawks, waiting to see if we needed anything else.  The only thing that was kind of weird but understandable was after we ate the girl came to our table and told us that next time we were going to be charged for anything we left on our plate cause they didn't like to waste food.  Ummm How are you supposed to try things out to see if you like them? (it was a jalapeno roll, I don't recommend it!)   Other then that nothing bad to say!
3	Eh, finally tried a sushi joint close to home, went with Richie H. to check it out the sushi joint out of sheer adventurism and to help support  locally owned businesses. The decor is pretty minimal with the star of the dining room being the sushi bar located on the right side of the room. The service wasn't too bad, I didn't encounter any unpleasant service or anything like that. In fact, they were very attentive and wanted to make sure we were comfortable during dinner. An extra * for that! However, the food could use a bit more help. While the fish was OK, the portion could use a little help. It was a bit on the smaller side, while being pretty thin. The rice could be way better, sushi rice needs to be a little more on the grainy side with the eater being able to feel each grain separate in your mouth. Well, not in this case! Kinda of too sweet with the rice being a little on the mushy side. I know I'm kinda of nit picking, but if you think about it, especially in Vegas aka. in the middle of the desert, almost all of these restaurants go to the same fish monger for "fresh" fish. Rice is the thing that's going to separate the good and the bad. Also, they did this weird thing with the scallops, they actually minced it like the spicy tuna roll meat, so getting the scallop nigri sushi was out of the question. Maybe a cost saving move?    Maybe I'll check it out again, but who knows. Until then, if you happen to be in the SW and don't feel like driving very far for some sushi, then is may be a compromise. Bon Appetite.
1	This place was not very good.  Chinese owned and run, the sushi chefs are very nice and good service.  Unfortunately the fish isn't very good.  Tried just about every piece of fish they offered and the only thing I would even consider eating again was the salmon and maybe the uni.  Usually these types of places make up for bad fish with creative rolls and we tried a few but didn't like any of them.  There were two that were supposed to be spicy but not even slightly...
1	Walked in, the place smelled like farts.Ate food, was mediocre if I'm being generous.Got home, I've puked so much I'm crying and shit so much my ass is bleeding. Thanks for the food poisoning, I'm never coming back.
1	I made the mistake of going back. I just got home and literally insta-vom'd.Fuck my life, what a bad choice.Also, the place still smells like farts. I can't believe I actually went back.You know what, five stars because this place is great if you want to lose weight. One star because you become anorexic for 2 days post-sushi.
3	I went here for lunch on Tuesday with some friends for all you can eat. We ended up going here because we live around the area & didn't have much time to eat before work. We were the only ones in the restaurant & I could sense the server behind us waiting to take our plates away when we would finish our rolls :P Anyway, the sushi chef was very friendly, told us to come back for dinner because they have certain rolls that's for the dinner menu only. They also have beer & sake specials Mon-Thu night. They do NOT offer those cards where you get to eat free after x amount of times. The price is about $22 for lunch, not bad at all since the specialty rolls are around $10 each.The sushi was decent, nothing out of the ordinary. We had all you can eat sushi & if you order soy paper for your rolls it's an extra $1. The shrimp tempura was good, my friend ordered it as an appetizer & I had it in a few of my rolls. I had the seaweed salad for an appetizer & the serving was a good size. No complaints from me! I'll be back again since I can't have meat on Fridays during Lent :Dbtw I think they changed their hours & stay open only until 11pm daily.  the hours on their chopsticks say 1 or 2am? yup.
2	Mediocre fish. Super small portions.  Bland.  No atmosphere.  Good service though.
4	I've been twice, having gotten their all-you-can-eat menu both times. Each time it was well worth my money, as my companions and I took out quite a few rolls, appetizers, soups and ngiri.Their food in general isn't heads-and-shoulders above other sushi places I've dined at, but it was all good and left me satisfied. Their unagi roll and other eel-based rolls were all excellent, but the spider roll wans't quite as spicy as just about every other spider roll I've had.The service was a bit of a mixed bag. They were very prompt and courteous, however they have a penchant for missing items ordered on our menu, as it has happened both times I've been. This isn't a huge issue, but it's an oversight nonetheless.For a neighborhood sushi place, Inaka is a pretty good spot. They don't beat out the other places in Vegas that have really great sushi, but with such an affordable and good all-you-can-eat menu, I wouldn't recommend passing them up if you're just looking for sushi that's close-by that's good.
5	One of the best sushi places in town by far. All depends on what type of sushi u enjoy but so far almost everything I've gotten has been amazing. I go 1 to 2 times a week.
5	BEST SUSHI IN VEGAS! Just wish it was open a little later!
5	I was introduced to Inaka not too long ago and I think I have to say I love it.Let's start with the stuff I like:Inaka RollShrimp TempuraSpicy Shrimp RollTuna Rolls (any variety)Steamed Dumplingsand more on this later...Placed just inside Mountains Edge, Inaka is hidden between a gym, a yogurt shop, Subway and a Mountains Edge Dental. The place is typically quiet and that results in first class service. However, I have no doubts that they would be able to keep service high even with many more people frequenting the place.I personally like to sit at the Sushi bar and give my order straight to the Sushi chef who knows all the items off of his head. This is great, but you should see him pump out rolls for the people who order All You Can Eat (AYCE). I am more of an ala carte kinda guy because I don't eat that much in the first place.About the food: Sushi is fresh, veggies are fresh and the sauces are good. There is only one other sushi place in town that does it for me and the quality is just as good, if not better then that place.IF you live in Mountains Edge, you must make this your Sushi place of choice.
1	I'll keep this short... By far the worst Japanese restaurant I've ever eaten at. Simply terribly prepared food. I actually felt bad for the people who were coming in as I was leaving, but hopefully this review will save some of you from the trouble.
3	Afraid to go back. I used to love this place, but the last time I went I got food poisoning! Of course I can't say for sure if it was from the sushi, but my friend also got sick and we both ate the tuna. She mostly ate it in the rolls, and I ate that along with the garlic tuna. Shortly after leaving my stomach started acting like a small alien family had moved in. Then for 12 hours straight I felt like I was being stabbed in the stomach repeatedly and did not sleep the whole night. The next day the stabbing sensation (aliens?) slowed down but I could not eat or drink for a day or two. Had to even call in sick to work. I have avoided all sushi since. It could've been a fluke, maybe bad batch of tuna that sat out too long, but just thought I would forewarn you!
2	We went here the other night, despite the 3 star yelp rating- hoping for the best.Yick.The AYCE was reasonably priced- I'll give them that but- the quality of the fish was horrible.  I felt like I was eating sushi from Albertsons.The miso soup had like, pureed snippets of seaweed and teensy bits of tofu.  The spicy tuna was DEFINITELY prepared in advance and had very little tuna in it.  The rolls themselves had very, very small filling and lots of too sweet rice.I think I am equally disappointed because its SO close to my home...I'm on the hunt for a great local sushi and...my hunt continues.That will teach me for going against Yelp recommendations!
1	This place sucked.  If they where real japanese people making sushi then it might have tasted a lot better. The rice was hard, seriously?!!!!!!I will never eat here again. If anyone know what authentic sushi is this is not the place guaranteed. I give it two thumbs down.
3	Sunday sushi excursions prove to be more difficult then one would imagine. Tried to go to two different restaurants, on different sides of town, to find out that they were either closed or not open for lunch. Finally, my group called to make sure that Inaka was open. Finding a place close by to satisfy our sushi craving, we ventured here. I remember disliking the one on Eastern, but went here with an open mind. Sometimes different locations can prove to be drastically different.The decor is nothing special until you look up at the ceiling. Beautiful paper parasols are hanging down creating a colorful display. The area is small, but the tables are spaciously spread out. The sushi chef is friendly and was preparing our food at break neck speed. The presentation of our meal was nice and neat. The woman that worked the front of the house was more reserved and could come off as unfriendly, but was helpful. She was willing to answer any of our questions. Since we came with a mom that is still new to sushi, it was beneficial. The appetizers were limited and nothing special. Seaweed salad is a dish that I can devour bowls of. Inaka's was on the dry side. The tofu has the broth on the side for dipping and did not come with the benito shavings. Our party did enjoy the squid tempura though. They are little rings of meat dipped in batter and fried to perfection. They are tiny and easy to eat. They remind me more of potato chips than your usual calamari or tako karaage.The down side were the rolls. The fish were fresh, but the sushi all tasted the same. Anything that was suppose to be spicy was bland. What the rolls lacked, the nigiri made up for. The Cajun albacore and garlic tuna are both flavorful. The tako and ika were chewy, but not rubbery. Inaka does not have halibut, so that was a big disappointment. Out of all the rolls that we ordered, the only one that stood out to me was the Leo #1, but that had the garlic tuna and Cajun albacore on it. If you must have sushi on a Sunday and can't wait for dinner, then this place is acceptable, but there are many other places that have a wider selection.
2	Unfortunately, I was totally bummed that this Sushi restaurant soooooo close to my home (3 minutes by car) would be so expensive and yet so mediocre. My bf and I went there yesterday to get something for a late lunch, and found it was Happy Hour (2-5pm) for 30% off any roll you order, and it seems to be on ALL rolls you order during this time frame. Well I ordered 3 spicy crab rolls - nothing too hard to do on that one, 2 spicy cucumber (which ended up costing me as much as a roll that had everything in it) and the shrimp tempura roll + cream cheese (add a dollar for that little delicacy). As I mentioned, they charged us 7 dollars for a cucumber roll with siracha on it, that's  dollars for the two. Our spicy crab rolls were 6 a piece..... so thank goodness for Happy hour Pricing! I just wasn't all that impressed honestly and the lady seemed really put out to be taking our order. I love sushi and I probably wont be going back here, unless they lower the prices. I'm use to getting my spicy crab for 3.50. That seems more reasonable to me.
5	We always go on weekdays, its not very busy and with ayce you get free hot saki.  Service is good, sushi is good.  We have been to several sushi places, we prefer inaka over all of them.  Even Oyshi on Rainbow.
2	I went there for the first time a little while ago with my brother. The place was dead at dinner time so we should have known to turn around and go somewhere else. But nope we wanted to give it a try. We both had the AYCE. Sushi was not good, too much rice, not enough fish. Appetizers were not good either..ordered fried tofu and they gave me a full plate of not fried but soggy tofu...enough tofu to fill anyone up. I guess they didn't want anyone to order anything else....so wrong. I'm surprised this place is not out of business yet.
1	Totally craptastic...me and my friend go here because its right around the corner from the house...there were 2 people in here, so its not like the server was n Tue weeds..I order all you can eat. Three rolls, only get 2, she takes my menu away and never returns it. Then when I ask for my menu back she has a total stank attitude and gives me the wrong one I filled out!!  I never got my third roll, I was too pissed off.  The edamame was covered in salt like McDonald's French fries...I had to rub it off with a napkin...It was a total waste. And free sake???  Doesn't exist. Fuckery. Total fuckery.
5	AMAZING!!!!Try the Inaka Roll, Leo #1, Cajun Albocore Nigiri & Green Mussels.Great sushi! Great Service! Great Staffs!Definitely recommended and be going again!
4	Pros:-Only a 2 minute drive from my house -Very fresh nigiri-During their happy hour, AYCE comes with free sake or beer!-Very fast serviceCons:-The people working here don't seem to be the happiest. A small group of people came in while we were dining and they've never done AYCE before, so they had A LOT of questions and the sushi chef seemed to get very irritated fastVerdict:I absolutely LOVE their Salma Kama! You get a very large piece of perfectly seasoned, tasty Salmon (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Jq6hPiOvqVuR6m8ajZzaSw/l.jpg). I also really like that they give you hot sake or beer with AYCE during happy hour.
4	Good sushi, decent prices, not a great atmosphere but we go often for the convenience & good food!
4	Wasnt great tuna but the rolls were above average. Not bad for all you can eat and happy hour prices!
2	Came here for a to go order. I live in the area and was tired of the usual sandwich shops and bar food. I ordered the shumai and the spicy tuna roll. The Shumai were tiny (think the frozen stuff you find at the grocery store). I wasn't all to impressed with the sushi either. It was ok for a quick fix but I probably won't be back. I'll gladly drive a few more minutes for better sushi.
4	I go here about twice a month with my boyfriend and my baby. Waitress can first come off as rude but she is super helpful. She always tells me how cute my baby is too. :) sushi chef is super cool and sushi always comes out fast.if you go, order the INAKA ROLL or CALIFORNIA CRUNCH. shit is to die for. love the yum-yum sauce.
1	As I got there I noticed my friend and I were the only customers in the restaurant. I figured since we live about a mile away we should try out and support our neighborhood Sushi Restaurant. I've been to many AYCE sushi places in the valley and this is the worst of them all. I ordered NIgiri, Salmon, Yellowtail, Spicy Tuna, Halibut and Tuna. The only fresh fish I got of the bunch was the Salmon!!!!! The Spicy Tuna tasted and smelled very bad. I took one bight and nearly wanted to VOMIT! The Halibut was also spoiled!!!! I can't believe they would serve such old disgusting fish. When I complained about the fish and it's very potent smell, the waitress then confronted the Chef. He looked at me as I was stupid. He then took some of the Spicy Tuna with his hand and shoved it in his mouth! Thereafter saying that, "You're crazy! You probably don't know what good fish is! Everyone that ate it today said it was great!" I figured that everyone couldn't have been more than one person.... I didn't eat any more sushi and ordered a Miso soup which wasn't bad. Obviously you can't really mess up MISO. I didn't complain after the first time and kept my mouth shut. They don't want input on their food so I had to put it on here. I paid my bill and left a 10% tip. I work in the service industry and I know how bad it is when you get stiffed. Please take my advice. Don't eat here! The service is just as bad as the food.  In a competitive market like Las Vegas service and quality is very important. There at Inaka I will never go back. It's not worth getting sick over spoiled fish in my opinion.
1	Food is pretty good but the staff are a bunch of freaking idiot's.  Not friendly at all.
2	Very fast service! Some nice rolls!! Intimate dining! Close to Mountains Edge for a fast bite!!
4	This is probably the most decent sushi restaurant in the area since the Nagoya location on Rainbow closed down and if you want to avoid the wait time at Oyshi. My one gripe, although minor, is that they don't offer mochi ice cream as part of the AYCE. They do offer regular ice cream, which is fine, but even the crappiest of AYCE sushi places offer mochi.
5	Great place. One of the only sushi joints that has fresh uni. Every time my husband and I have eaten here its quiet and slow so you get immediate attention and interaction especially sitting up at the bar. Great happy hour too. All you can eat with free beer or sake, sounds good :)
2	Errr...stumbled upon this sushi place on a afternoon bike ride. AYCE Sushi is $20. It was only me and my friend in the whole establishment. Not busy at all. DO: Sit at the bar when it's not busy so you'll get the chef's attention.DON'T: eat here unless you're very very very hungry.PROS: Service A+CONS: Food, too much rice for their nigiris!
4	Inaka is one of the best Sushi spots in town.  The Inaka roll is amazing and the fish is always fresh.  True, the service isnt the greatest, but I can overlook that because the food is awesome.
1	Yeah, great sushi, if you don't give a s$&! about customer service!Instead, try "Sumo Sushi" down on durango and warm springs, it is WORTH THE DRIVE!!We came in at about 10:20, 40 mins til closing. (We were the only ppl there) And they pressured us to leave the WHOLE TIME WE WERE EATING! I felt like I was trying to scarf down the fricken sushi! Sushi chef even convinced us not to get the AYCC..because "We should have come earlier"..as he looked at us scornfully. When we left we said goodbye to the reception lady and she didn't even pay us a second glance..made us leave 15 mins early.
1	My son and I had lunch here last Friday, June 7. He had the eat all you can sushi and before sleeping that night, he vomitted once and all throughout the night, probably vomitted about 8 more times that finally ended in him ending up in the emergency room of Summerlin Hosp early morning Saturday for food poisoning, as explained by the ER physician. Some of the sushi my son ordered did not look fresh and I told him that but he said its taste ok but I what does a 15yo know about what's fresh or not. I should have tasted it before allowing him to consume the sushi. I thought about what could have caused this incident w him and I can only put my finger on the sushi. Not coming back here again.
2	The food taste subpar, it's an all you can eat place but it seems like the owners get angry when you order more then what they think you should be getting for the money you paid, does not feel like a friendly place, don't think I'll be going here ever again even thou its a 5 min. ride from my house.
1	I love their location on St. Rose but this location is terrible! The waiter was so rude, I asked for a menu to mark what I wanted to eat and handed me a plastic one stating you can look. I received a burnt  tempura roll and asked for a new one but they said i would have to pay al la cart for the burnt one! on top of all that he included his own tip when we had separate checks..never again never again!
1	It is very rare that I give 1 star reviews, but this one takes the cake.  Before calling this place I looked over the lunch special menu, on the top of the  menu there were these two words that I hate!! "NO Substitutions". I looked all over the menu for the combo that I usually get, but for some reason they did not have it.  I made my call over to this place and I was about to place a nice sized order for my staff and I.  I asked the gentleman, who I felt was rushing me, If I could get tonkatsu instead of chicken katsu with beef terri, the gentleman said that they "Do not offer this combo under the LUNCH SPECIAL at all"  OK understood.  I then asked him,  okay well I don't want the lunch special, would I be able to get one plate of beef terri and a side of tonkatsu.  The gentleman replied, NO, I can not do that.  I asked him why, he said that it was too expensive to do it like that.  I asked him how much would it cost for me to get this, he chuckled and said like $30-$40 for the plate for doing this.  I WAS appalled by this response.  One, how do you know what I can and can not afford.  Two, your a restaurant and you should accommodate your customers.  Three, there is more then just your Japanese restaurant out there.  Four, provide people with alternatives or options instead of just saying NO!!!  I will not recommend this place to anyone!  Your money is well spent at Papa Johns right next door instead of this place!
1	I don't know which is worse the food or the service. I am still trying to figure out how it was so busy for a weekday night. This is probably one of the worst sushi restaurants I have ever ate at. Its a bummer because it was so close to my home, but after my experience there I don't mind making the drive another mile or two down Rainbow.
3	If the service was as good as the sushi perhaps i would give this place 5 stars. We always seem to be treated horribly and they always forget a few things we order!Its on the paper for Pete's sake!!! Errrrr....as much as it aggravates me i always go back for more because the food quality is superb!!! So if ur looking for amazing sushi but not expected good service at all then this a great place to go. I love how they have a loyalty card! For every 10 all u can eat sushi u get one free!!! Saving on a meal is fantastic in my book!!!The salmon Kama is super yummy!!!!
1	Horrible service when I tried to make a take out order. It was close to closing and he rejected my order. This in unacceptable service. Even though it is one minute away from my house I refuse to give these people my money. You need to make your customers feel like priority. I will be sure to tell all of my friends to stay away. I'm sure this place won't last very long in this area.
1	There are so many "all you can eat" sushi places in town to go somewhere that the service fails. I do like their rolls but whatever, it's all the same rolls wherever you go-rolls with a bunch a different goop slathered all over them in different combinations, I'm not dumb. The guy who works there, the waiter, owner, whatever has the personality of a mackerel!The staff there and at their other location near Rhodes Ranch, have terrible personalities. They do not say thank you when leaving or entering. When I go there I feel like I am intruding on their time. There is a place called Sushi Koma on Flamingo and Durango...I will just drive there next time....(it's farther) but at least, those people appreciate your business.No more Inaka for this girl...and all the people I take. It's not worth it. I go out for the environment as well as the food. I literally left there the last time like I did something bad.
1	I always enjoyed this place since it was near and food was actually good. I went wirh family to eat and the service was just horrible!! Probably wont come back. And not because the waiter said so. (was mad at tip) claiming not even 10% when it was more than that. if the service was good it would of been a better tip. But since service was  horrible. I even had to suck on the ice cup to get the waiters attention and still didn't get water.
5	always fantastic i go every Thursday to see Larry this dude hands down best chef I've ever seen truley loves his work every roll is a work of art deff the way go won't go anywhere else
1	It doesn't take a lot to provide terrible service but when my wife and I went in here it was as if the Host ( overweight rude slob) was trying to piss us off and make us feel unwelcome.. Cozy place but I wouldn't recommend it..
5	we go here often and always get great service the people are always friendly and the food is great.  great value for money, never feel rushed and get chance to have a relaxing dinner!! great place would reccomend to everyone!!!!
5	Today was great. The food was awesome & service was nice!! Friendly and helpful!! I love this place
1	I made a Yelp account to write this review. I have NEVER had such poor service. I don't know how this restaurant survives. I've been twice - and when I was there the waiter and cook acted annoyed that I existed. Most of the meal they whispered and looked at me. The sushi is decent. But don't expect to have a good meal due to lack of service.
2	The only reason I go here is because its close to my house and this place doesn't have a 1 to 2 hour wait like most AYCE sushi restaurants. I love the fact that I can walk in and never have to wait for a table. I've been here a few times and the price for AYCE sushi is reasonable but the quality of the sushi is just ok. Honestly you can probably get better & fresher sushi from the grocery store. HUGE SIDE NOTE - I dunno if anyone else has noticed the fact that the staff and chefs are not Japanese. I've heard them speak Chinese to each other. Possibly the biggest reason that there isn't a big following for this restaurant due to the fact that it is not an authentic Japanese sushi bar :(
1	Damn it!!!! I was praying that this place would be at least "okay" since it's located near mountain's edge and there is nothing out here! I'm not exaggerating when I say the best part of the meal was when they notified me that after the second beer, the third would be free. They messed up rice... RICE! How the...? It was hard to even swallow the rice; it was too dry! Uncle Ben's minute made rice has treated me better. Also, no Uni, no toro despite it being pictured on an advertisement, and no super white OR and other fatty fish that could make up for it.I ate a lot of Nigiri on the AYCE menu and nothing really tasted fresh. I've eaten a lot of sushi in my day and the fish here was NOTICEABLY different IN A BAD WAY. I know. I know; all you can eat sushi is not the way to go if you want good sushi (under most circumstances), but this place was something else. I wasn't even going to try a roll after the nigiri, but I went with a half roll of something on the spicy side. The roll that they presented me with was something u might find in an Albertson's; wrapped up in plastic to take to go (maybe even worse). Let me emphasize: DAMN IT! I was really hoping, despite the not-so-great reviews that this place would be okay or at least bearable. I won't be back. Very simply: the place sucks. And that's too bad.Hopefully one day when I drive by in the future there will be a big banner that says "Under New Management" or something because they must know. They must know that they're setting standards that no one should be proud of. **sigh** the whole experience was disappointing. At least the free beer has helped mask my utter discontent with this place!!!! The service wasn't bad but who the hell cares when the food blows ass.I won't be back even tho it's seconds away. Womp. Womp. Womp.
4	Really good AYCE menu. Nice, clean place. Some AYCE sushi places seem to skimp on quality and quantity of fish, but not this place. My husband and I ordered way too much and had nearly 2 whole rolls left. It is common for AYCE places to bill you for anything you don't finish however they we very nice and did not bill us. Inaka is very close to our home but even if it were a bit out of the way, we will absolutely be coming back.
4	We had a groupon for this place (50% off) and it was near us so decided to give it a try, and I'm glad we did...I was skeptical because of the previous reviews commenting on the service, but we experienced none of that! Granted we were one of only 3 tables in the place, but service was quick and courteous. Our waiter brought us a high hair for our daughter, strapped her in, and even brought her a water cup, very nice and helpful!I'm not a sushi fan so I ordered the matsu box w teriyaki chicken and it was all great, the gyoza, rice, salad, etc. my boyfriend had 2 sushi rolls and said it was good. Other than being pretty empty, there was nothing to complain about!
4	Its a great place to have AYCE, friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Sushi rolls are juicy enough to be drooling;)) the only reason not to give it 5 star is there nothing like special special about this place comparing to others. Anyways its a good place!!!
1	Went today and left. Grouchy owner, pushy waitress.  Not going here unless you wish to be treated badly. Almost like you are bothering them to show up. Only day to go is when Larry the sushi guy is there or don't waste your time or money.
4	I was a little nervous about this place given the other reviews, but after skipping it previously and trying 808 sushi (which was disappointing) I thought I would give it a try.  I ordered a couple rolls to go and was pleasantly surprised with the food.  I thought it all tasted very good, which is awesome since this place is very close to my home.  Everything seemed really fresh.  Granted I have only had a couple of rolls, but I would encourage you to try it for yourself.  I personally don't think the other reviews give it justice.
3	Yelp has had Inaka Sushi at about a 2.5 star rating for as long as I can remember and I had no plans of going here but since I had some time to kill and skipped lunch I figured why not. There were some decent items but also some poorly made items.Let me go from good to badThe Salmon Kama was perfect. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=mGxF9VycMweaT8yX91vQLw#mGxF9VycMweaT8yX91vQLw Seasoned and cooked perfectly I should've ordered more of this. Having had Salmon Kama at a lot of the good AYCE sushi spots it was maybe best done here.The Salmon Skin Handroll was good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=BWxE9Xk3pUOlb79Rg5G1GQ#BWxE9Xk3pUOlb79Rg5G1GQ Almost as good as Blue Fin Sushi at least the salmon skin was crispy to my liking but smaller. Again I should've ordered more of this.The Green Mussels were good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=SgY609FWYyumxdK3nHdyBg#SgY609FWYyumxdK3nHdyBg The mussels were separated from the shell, baked up with some mayo sauce, and served in a large hot shell-like container, it could've been a real shell but I don't know. I'd eat it again, can't say no to baked mayo things.The Fried Aged Tofu was good http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=BWxE9Xk3pUOlb79Rg5G1GQ#TFitLA0VBCRzNXenjCgI-A and simple. It was served hot so let it cool down a bite, I burnt my mouth after the first bite.The Leo #2 roll wasn't that great http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=qZgA2rEBe0t46SRX_EfzTw#qZgA2rEBe0t46SRX_EfzTw It was filled with shrimp tempura and jalapeno and covered with eel sauce, spicy mayo, and tempura flakes. Way to much tempura flakes and spicy mayo wasn't spicy if anything it tasted just like mayo.The nigiris for most parts were bad. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=BxkesQEfcsvHjYZY78f2AQ#BxkesQEfcsvHjYZY78f2AQ The tamago was OK, the uni was hard for me to eat, the other 3 in the pic wasn't so good in quality. The oysters wasn't that great and shrimp was pretty bad seemed old http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/inaka-sushi-las-vegas?select=BWxE9Xk3pUOlb79Rg5G1GQ#BWxE9Xk3pUOlb79Rg5G1GQ After seeing how the freshness and quality of the nigiris were I started ordering non-sushi items.Customer service was OK. Spacious place but no one was really there maybe one other person. It's the only sushi place in the area but I'd drive farther if I was craving sushi.
1	All you can eat sushi?? Why not? I decided to give this place a try, after driving by and seeing that they were offering all you can eat sushi for a set price. I came with my boyfriend and knew that this would be perfect since we both have excellent appetites. When we first arrived, the hostess was sitting in a chair and the place was pretty much empty. There was one family of four sitting across the entrance.We decided to bring our 16 month old and did know our visit would be cut short if he started acting up, so we quickly ordered our choices. About 15 minutes into our visit my son started acting up and we had about 4 different sushi choices on our table. (The all you can eat buffet was 23.99 per person) (Our choices added up individually to about 26 dollars) We decided we had enough and didn't want to risk our son flipping out more. We asked the hostess if it would be ok to box what we had on the table. She smiled and walked over to the two men making the sushi and when she came back, she told us that next time we needed to try harder to eat our food. She stated that "this" time we will let you slide but next time we will need to finish what we ordered. I was a little confused by what she was saying and was under the impression that she will box the little bit we had on the table. I do understand this was a "buffet type" of sushi and under any other circumstance, we would not be able to box anything up. While we asked for the check and I began to take my child out of his high chair, the hostess grabbed all the food on the table and tossed it in the garbage!! I was horrified and got very upset that she would throw it away the way she did. If I would have know that she was going to throw it away, I would have asked her how much extra?? Mind you, we were already paying almost 50 dollars.To prevent any confrontation on my boyfriend's part (he was pissed), I decided to just go. I will not be returning to this place.....ever.
1	Don't bother. Unless you enjoy eating large balls of rice with tiny fish on top. I get that rice is the way all you eat sushi can make a profit but this place takes it to the extreme. We came on a Saturday and the place was dead. There is a reason why.
1	Been coming here for a couple years... never again... we ordered 3 different rolls, rainbow, dirty harry and sex on the beach... the rainbow roll had grey, sticky old fish... didnt even try that part of it... i let the server know (she wasn't very attentive to us and we were not even doing the ayce) . She said she would let the chef know but still charged me full price for the roll... i paid it but will not be going back....
3	I tried this place only because it's so close to me -- I am pretty adamant about sticking to my favorite sushi chef in the world -- Naka from Naka Sushi in Summerlin This place made me realize that their are 2 types of sushi chefs -- (1)The super serious just-take-whatever-I-give-you chef and (2) the fun loving come-on-in-everybody sushi chefs -- Unfortunately this place had the first kind of sushi chef -- the mean mugg dude that acts like he doesn't want to be there... the type of dude that doesn't ever go off the grid and just sticks to the menuSpeaking of the menu, it's REALLY confusing because they have these LITTLE menus that show pictures and names of the different types of sushi fish and it's on this stand up V shape card that's actually meant to be a promo for a certain type of sake or Japanese beer or something -- THIS IS NOT THEIR MENU -- Their menu actually looks more boring and is just a list of things in black and white... I mistakenly tried to order something I saw on the little promo menu and he told me THAT'S NOT THE MENU IT'S JUST FOR PEOPLE THAT DON'T KNOW WHAT SUSHI LOOKS LIKE -- I get the point but from a customer's POV it's just confusing that you have something that LOOKS like a menu... albeit a second, smaller menu... but what was disappointing was that this little menu had fish that the restaurant didn't even have -- So, ONCE AGAIN... why bother having this little menu at all???The sushi chef wasn't a total a-hole. He just didn't have (what I would consider) an upbeat and pleasant attitude -- and when customers are asking you for certain types of fish or for you to make a roll a certain way -- whether it's on the menu or not -- you should have a better response than "We don't have it"... or in this dude's case he pretended to NOT understand what I was asking for.The salmon and tuna HAND rolls were the best thing here. The saba (mackerel) didn't have that fishy taste that I was used to and was actually quite bland -- The main reason I wanted to come here was because I wanted to try hamachi -- but it was nothing to write home aboutAll-in-all there are just way better sushi places to go to in this valley
1	I love supporting businesses in my area, but this place was just awful. They are not friendly, have no customer service and their sushi is sub-par at best. BTW, if you don't finish everything on the table, they will charge you a la carte. They take that seriously people. Make sure to eat everything if you come here.
4	My family and I were craving sushi for Fourth of July and we decided to give Inaka a try. I was hesitant because of mixed reviews but it was so convenient to our home in Mountains Edge we decided to give it a chance.  The sushi rolls were delicious especially the Inaka roll. We will definitely be coming back.
1	Food sucks. My brother in law ate here twice and had food poisoning. Service sucks. Don't waste your money here.
3	The food was just ok.The beef teriyaki was bland. (You have to marinate the meat before cooking it. You can't just pour teriyaki sauce over the meat after cooking it & expect it to be flavorful.)During the first half of our meal, the server was attentive. But for some reason, we got a different server for the last half & he was NOT attentive at all. It felt like he ignored us. There was only one other couple in the restaurant, so it's not like he was busy. In fact, he was chatting it up with the other couple & giving them full attention, while completely ignoring us. We had to flag him down so we could get our check & leave.
3	Food was okay, nothing to brag about. Miso soup was good, Ginger salad was a miss at it was served with a Ginger Mayonnaise sauce that was basically Mayonnaise. I ordered the chicken teriyaki which was basically a chicken breast smothered in teriyaki sauce. I've definitely had better for the price.
1	This place is awful. I literally had to choke down some of my sushi. It was warm, falling apart and the avocado was brown. I complained but they said if I didn't eat it they would charge me the a la carte price. Have not and will not ever return. If you like good food so not come here.
2	Awful sushi. If you like avocado at all don't come here every single piece of avocado was brown and rotting. Everything was warm and overall mediocre. The pacific roll was the best thing they had at their first location but at this location it's not very good at all. The place is always empty which goes to show how it is. If you can drive to a better sushi place don't bother stopping here.
1	The place is close by, tried it a few times. Bad service: receptionist guy seems to always be in a bad mood. Raw fish didn't seem to be chilled properly, orders smelled more fishy than it should. I can say this because I eat a lot of sushi. I gave this place a couple more tries even after getting turned off a few times already. Same thing everytime.
5	I love this place! All of the food is awesome & everyone that works there is super nice. Me & my boyfriend eat there 2-3 times a week! I like how it's never crowded & it's also right by my house. I recommend the garlic tuna, super white tuna, & tiger roll.
1	This place sucks!  There are way too many good sushi spots to even bother wasting your time here
5	Ate here multiple times and for the price great food! Friendly service and awesome happy hour. Would recommend to friends and family.
4	I love this place!  Sushi is amazing and service is great.  Also very clean.  Inaka Sushi is definitely our go to sushi craving crusher.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they don't have tempura ice cream.
