3	This was my first time trying out Dickey's.  Upon walking up to the door, I was greeted by the smell of smoked bbq which is always a good sign.  The inside is very nice but is a little tight in some spots.  I ordered the brisket, which was pretty good. The sides were average.  The Mac and Cheese was very thick. It tasted like instant MAC and Cheese and did not have the originality I've come to enjoy at most bbq joints.  The potato salad was average as well.  I will say the iron waffle fries were very good.  I took a few from a coworker.I think you should definitely check this place out.  It's nice to have a bbq joint in Ballantyne by the office park
4	Just got takeout from here for dinner and it was delicious! We ordered pulled pork and brisket, both were great. The sides were good as well, especially the coleslaw! The only con I can think of is that the portion size of the meat was a little on the smaller side.  All in all, great food, we will definitely be coming back!
1	Grand opening day.  Fryer wasn't ready, ribs not ready...and was disorganized in general.  Ordering food isn't easy as you order at the end of the counter but the sides are on the side of the counter.  Food was fair...  In general not well prepared for opening day.
4	On our visit they had only been open a few days.  I generally like to give a place a chance to work out the kinks, but we couldn't wait for Dickey's!  Being Texans, we love our beef BBQ and even though Dickey's is a chain, they know beef!  Everything we ordered was tasty - per the typical Dickey's experience.  I love the Smokehouse Salad. Kiddos love the free cone at the end:). The owner was on site and very friendly.  I'm pulling for her success.My only issue is that the space is very tight.  Very tight!
1	I stopped by Dickies in Ballantyne today to grab lunch.  I have had their food while on trips in Dallas and was looking forward to a great BBQ meal.  Well it totally missed the mark as I never had the chance to eat.  We arrived as there was about 5 people in the place @ 12:30.  On line we were told they would be right with us.  We waited, and waited.  There we people behind the counter, some doing nothing, and one person looked like he was putting together some meals, even thought there was no one else waiting for food.  We waited for about 8 minutes, the whole time looking at the employees while hoping someone would take our order.  After no other communication since we walked in that anyone was going to help us, we walked out.  With so many places to eat in that area,  service like this is going to kill this place.  Will not be back as first impressions of the place look like they have not trained anyone for customer service.
4	Yum! A BBQ place right down the street.Bad news first....Dickey's is tiny. I thought it might be take-out only when we first walked in the back. The only other nip is the ordering is a little weird especially if you're not six foot tall.That being said....the 'q was very good. I'll be back.
2	First thing, this location is a tight squeeze; there is a couple of pinch points where you will run into other people easily (i.e. drink machine).  The prices are what one would expect in the Ballantyne area; however they do not accept the Ballantyne Card yet, so no discount if you work in the area.  The order setup is different but manageable. After two visits, I have tried their Smoked Sausage (good), bbq pork (okay) and brisket (could be better).  I also typically order fries and okra, which they make to order, but have to wait while you already have your meats on the plate.  My biggest problem was the brisket (supposedly what they are known for); I had it chopped and a good quarter of it was just fat, not edible.  Overall, I really expected something good here, but I feel let down instead.  With nearby barbecue places that offer better value and better food, I don't see myself visiting Dickey's voluntarily for lunch again.
3	So when I used to travel to Texas I would always make a stop at Dickey's in Dallas. They were everywhere and were always great. This location is not consistent with the Dickey's I knew from Texas. The location is very small. Not like any Dickey's I have ever been in. It's also poorly laid out. I don't think they really thought that design thru. The drink area is a one person at a time ordeal with no return if there is another person there.When you order you have to speak loudly and it feels very unorganized. Too many people asking me what I want and I have no idea who is filling my order. The one person at a time thing takes a long time to order even with 5 or so people in line. I can't imagine that place during a lunch rush.The eating area is small and cramped. The food was OK but not up to the Texas locations I have been to where the food is much better and taste really good. There was something missing and the meat lacked flavor or intensity like the Texas locations.There seemed to be a fair amount of confusion as well. On top of that there was a young lady working there who seemed to like to roll her eyes a lot. This is extremely annoying. She came out to wipe tables and rolled her eyes when she found a misplaced napkin. When she found something else she again made some half cocked comment and rolled her eyes and when I asked about the sweet tea she again rolled her eyes at me while one of the other women (who looked like they were owners or invested) helped me. She looked to be related to someone or maybe just has a bad habit or rolling her eyes every time you ask her for anything but it's annoying enough to never want to go back and look at her roll her eyes at me every again. It's just disrespectful.Everyone else in there was nice and engaging but there are still lots of kinks to sort out. Let's hope they decide to move to a larger location cause Texas BBQ can't be in a space that small...it needs a Texas sized location!
5	Got the pulled pork, fries and mac and cheese. Wife got the pulled pork beans and slaw. Meat was very tender and I enjoyed the Texas style sauce. Will try the Brisket next time, I sampled a piece and it was very flavorful.
4	Have been back to Dickey's several times since they have been open and the food has been excellent. Yes the dining area is a little small but it is not meant to be a full fledge restaurant in that location. Prices are very good as well. We certainly will keep coming back.
1	Worst ribs ever. I think my ribs had been sitting around for days. It was like "rib jerky". You know, dehydrated and leathery.The brisket was rubbery and flavorless. kind of the same stuff you would expect boiled from an English Pub. the brisket also had a sitting-around-for-days vibe. I guess Dickey's believes that BBQ sauce will cure bad cooking.one side we had was the jalapeno beans. these were spectacularly awesome. best beans ever. it's not cut up pieces of peppers on top of beans. rather, the jalapenos have been sauced and the beans have been infused with the mouth watering essence of the peppers.The 'Q couldn't stand on its own. it was just another Dickey's food that went nowhere without BBQ sauce.The sauces are standard issue, run of the mill, middle of the road, forgettable.Skip this place.
2	Not a bad lunch spot, but they don't have their dinners together. First of all, the service is ridiculously slow. Plus, two Fridays in a row my wife and I tried to eat at Dickeys. Last week they were out if everything except sausage. No beef. No ham. No pork. Tonight they were once again out of beef. NEWSFLASH: people go out to eat on the weekend. You might want to prepare a lite better. With all the BBQ options in Charlotte, I don't see our family going back.
2	Have been three times now but will only go back for carry out. Very small and not many tables and you tend to sit on top of each other. Strange ordering line. Wraparound menu with meat on one wall and sides on another so you can't order all at once. The food is great. Pulled pork and sausage especially good. Sides are also good especially the onion ring straws. Food served on a plastic tray and wax paper. Not my favorite way to eat and by the time I sat down it was a little cold on two of three visits. The free ice cream machine is a nice feature and a reason to eat in if you can find a table. They were out of my first choice of meat on two of my three visits and one was at lunch. They said they cook enough for one day only and frequently run out. Food not to bad but the overall experience is just not great. The guy working the register was clueless and taking so long to check people out that the food got cold while waiting. They have had time to fix this since opening but months later it isn't any better. Too bad. With food this good, the place could be a hit but just not worth the hassle.
3	The beef is actually pretty good..the sauce very good.  The meat portions are very small.  There is is guy slicing the meat very thin and weighing it on a scale.  Holy smokes people, this Texas BBQ, put some meat on the plate, raise the price if you have to.  The sides, especially the beans, are ok.  This is a BBQ place, it is should be about the MEAT
2	Pulled pork wasn't very good. Beef brisket was a little better. Fried okra and mac and cheese were ok.
3	I have to say not bad at all for a chain BBQ joint. BBQ had a good taste to it but what got me was the sides we got was very good, I really liked the baked potato casserole. You also get to take home the drink cups which are hard plastic cups, I know it's the little things! Service was good but they could use a lesson on when to not talk out loud when customers are in the place. But I would go back again for sure. They also play awesome music from TX over the store.
4	This is a great little spot for lunch.  It's small but they have a great menu, the portions are good and you can't beat the free ice cream.  I'm a fan of the ribs which are meaty, smokey and cooked to perfection.  On a recent visit we came in and placed our orders and got to the register and the owner was there.  She asked if we were ordering drinks and we said yes and she replied "It's hot outside, drinks are on me, ladies". Unexpected and absolutely what we needed since we had just left another establishment which provided the worst service and brought a smile to our faces.  It's little things like that which make you want to go back because it shows that they care about their customers.
4	Good BBQ.  Good Beans.  OK mac & cheese. Good sweet tea.Small place but great for takeout.
5	We ended up going back and found that all the "negative" areas had been fixed.  The service was faster and they had beef!  Seems to be headed in the right direction.  I highly recommend the Jalapeno beans!
5	Excellent BBQ and great customer service. The manager (Stacy) did an amazing job helping us pick things out and let us try some samples for our party! Best BBQ I've had from a store!!
5	By far the best BBQ in Charlotte! I am originally from Texas and know brisket. This is equal to the best in the business! The daily specials are all an exceptional value. I als have to say the ribs are tender and flavorful! Would like to see a few more ribs on the daily special but no shortage of food. Enjoyed the fried okra and onion rings immensley. I like the variety of sauces but my fav is their jalapeno. Gives zest to all the meats. The crew and Stacy have been wonderful.
5	The best Texas style brisket in the Charlotte area. Kids eat free on Sundays,they have free soft serve ice cream, and they have good ice
4	Like so many BBQ joints in the Charlotte area, the food is great, but the portions are average... When I leave a BBQ joint, I want it to hurt...
4	Texas meets Carolina BBQ is the best way to describe it.  All the meat and side were excellent and the staff was awesome.   A bit pricy for the portions but considering the location that is no surprise.  I'll be back if I'm in Balentyne .
2	The location:  As stated numerous times, it's a bit cramped.  I'd recommend the owners look at Pineville or Matthews for a larger space for the same money, when the lease is up.The food:  The food is OK.  My wife like's the brisket, but there is a little more fat in that than I care for.  The pulled pork was excellent, however.  Good selection of sides, and there was plenty to eat.  If you like soft serve ice cream, the provide that desert, free of charge, which is a nice touch.  Overall, not bad from a restaurant chain.The prices:  As you would expect in this area, you pay a little more, for a little less.  That's the Ballantyne way.The service:  My wife and I have only been there twice, but my son is a regular with his workplace around the corner.  In comparing notes, it appears that we have came to the exact same conclusion.  When the female owner / manager is present, the staff is up to par, execution is good and service is quick and friendly.  When she's not, like this past Sunday, it falls apart.  Not friendly, not appreciative for our business.  You could say rude would be the better word.  Yes, I realize it's near the holidays, but I want to be treated like my $40 order mattered, OK?  BTW, I was the only patron in the restaurant at the time, so it's not as if they were busy.  I was just interrupting their day.Bottom line:  I'll give them one, more shot, at getting it right, otherwise I can get better barbecue much closer to my home from Rock Store BBQ.
5	Great pulled pork sandwiches mac and cheese BBQ beans and Diet Coke floats with free soft serve Ice Cream!!
5	One word: WOW. I ordered the quarter plate with pulled pork, jalapeno beans, and mac and cheese. The meat was phenomenal! Smoky and delicious, and I love that they serve the meats without sauce. Great menu, prices, portions. I will be back!
4	Why did I wait so long to try Dickey's?  My husband and I visited Dickey's on Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. The smoked meats on the menu are pretty straight forward, pulled pork, beef brisket, sausage, ham, turkey and chicken - all hickory smoked in their onsite pits. Now, I know I'm in North Carolina where pulled pork is king, but I can't pass up brisket. I ordered a 1 meat plate with beef brisket. The plate comes with 2 sides and I chose the baked potato casserole and the fried onion tanglers.  Boy, did I choose right!  You get a hefty portion of meat with a soft roll with pickles and onions. You can also choose from a variety of sauces at the sauce bar.  My husband also got the brisket but got the jalapeno beans and fried okra.  He said he really liked his plate too.  The brisket was tender with a nice smokey flavor. I chose the original bbq sauce and it was the perfect accompaniment.  And to top it all off, everyone gets free soft-serve vanilla ice cream!  It's self serve and it was a great ending to a really great lunch!The service was super, super nice and attentive. I've been plotting our next visit. We will definitely be back!  The bakers (stuffed baked potatoes) will be next on my list!
