4	I can't quite make my mind up on whether this should get 3 or 4 stars, but as I'm feeling generous, I decided I'd bump it up to 4. This is because, relative to all the other hideous university buildings, this one's actually one of the better specimens. Not only does it not make your eyes bleed (like vampires' eyes in True Blood), but it also has a very peaceful 7th floor area where there is a) free coffee and b) a spectacular view of Arthur's Seat with enormous windows that let as much light in as you could possibly want. It's also where all the Philosophy, Language and Psychology geeks hang. And I'm a fan. I've gone in there before just so that I could sit around and listen to people's interesting conversations. People who knew things about things I could only vaguely grasp.Yes, definitely one of the better buildings Edinburgh University has provided.
5	As far as Edinburgh University's buildings go, Dugald Stewart is certainly the most appealing on the eye.  It's on seven floors, has nice white stone walls and offers a panoramic view of the city.  It's the Philosphy, Psychology and Languages base and, being a philosophy student, I'm in here quite a bit handing in essays and finding resources.  My director of studies works on the fifth floor and the offices are all in mint condition up there with glass panels, soft carpets and funky seating to wait on.  The architecture and decor of the whole building is immaculate.  The front door is ridiculously heavy, but this gives me a wierd sense of security every time I walk in!
4	The Dugald Stewart Building (named after the famous Scottish philosopher and mathematician) is home to the Philosophy, Psychology and Language Science departments. Being a philosophy student, and having taken psychology and linguistics as outside subjects, I'm well acquainted with this place.Of course if you're not a student you don't have much need to go in, but you can still appreciated the architecture, which at the very least is interesting. It was built as an addition to the greater, more debated, Informatics Forum next door (and is connected by a raised corridor adjoining the two). We will have to see if this building ages with time. I have a suspicion that as the white paint paint dulls and the wood grows old, the building might lose some of its charm. But as it stands, it is a monument to how modern architecture of its type does not need to look totally uninspired.I have to agree with Gibson and surely everyone who has ever tried getting into this building... the door really is heavy! I don't know if they expected all the lazy nerds here to use the automatic button for disabled people, but when then builders of this building make a door, they SURE MAKE a door.
