5	They Are Open SWEEEEEET!  I had a Heath Bar Blizzard it was the BOMB!  I will frequent this place.  AWESOME!
1	It's DQ so I didn't expect much however I did expect they could get a Blizzard right. This place sent out coupons stating to come on down and try out their new location. I showed up to find a closed sign and construction tools were scattered all over the inside. Kind of a disappointment but I figured I'd just check back the following week. When I went back there was a sign on the door stating they would be opening that night. I figured they would need to pull off a miracle because the same tools were all over the place. The sign said they would be open though and the sign wasn't there the previous week so I went back that evening. Same tools everywhere and they weren't open. Someone did show up to at least remove the sign. A couple weeks later they finally opened. I stopped in to get a mini blizzard with reese's and oreos. I sat at a table and waited about 10 minutes when a girl brought out a dipped cone for me. What? I didn't order that so I showed her my receipt and she said she would make what I ordered right away. She threw away the dipped cone, such a waste, and went to make what I hoped would be what I ordered. As she walked back out, she realized she made a medium blizzard instead of a mini and proceeded to throw it away to go back and make me the right size since I paid for a mini and not a medium. With the waste of the 2 ice creams she threw out I don't see how giving me the medium she mistakenly made to me would have been a big deal. The blizzard was decent however the whole ordeal of getting it wasn't a good experience at all. Can't say I'll be back.
5	DQ is the perfect place to kick off the Fourth of July weekend. Our blizzards were upside down right thick, just the way it should be. The service was a bit slow but having Christian music playing makes up for that and is why I give it 5 stars.
4	Yay!  I'm  fan.Look I do not understand people that go to an ice cream joint and get food.  Some things are not sacred anymore.  But in terms of the food, I think their fries are good, not a big fry guy, but I like them.The ice cream is what you would expect.  Service is fast, friendly, and efficient.  All in all, I like the place.Did I mention clean?  Yes, super duper over the top clean.
3	It's a great addition to the neighborhood to have an affordable ice cream store at the Trails Center.  Problem is that this store operator needs to take his new store seriously and spend some serious time onsite and training staff.  Have been in four times since they've opened and been underwhelmed with service and knowledge of staff.  Twice we've had to send things back with staff not knowing how something was made.  And twice we've had to wait at the counter more than three minutes waiting for someone to "surface" to take our order.  Once on a busy Friday night and once when we were the only one in the store.
1	Worst service I have received ever at a restaurant. We just finished paying $20 for ice cream and my daughter accidentally dropped her $1.30 ice cream cone. And they  insisted we pay if we wanted another. Obviously not run by the brightest business owner when that will be that last $1.30 they ever get from me.
1	Worst customer service I've ever received. If a kid drops their ice cream cone after you just paid $20, as a business owner, you should give the kid a new cone instead of making the kid pay another 1.50 because that family comes enough to make up for the $1.50, but we won't be back. I hope that charge of $1.50 was worth it for your business.
5	Dairy Queen!  So sad the previous business here went out of business.  So glad that Dairy Queen took over though!I used to laugh at my wife for getting a hamburger at an ice cream shop.  Now I know why!  Their mushroom swiss cheese burger was deeeeeelicious!  Wow, seriously, my mind was blown to how this can be?  Juicey, nice and hot, generous on the ingredients.  How how how how HOW does this happen at an Ice Cream shop?I will be a good Dairy Queen Disciple and not question the culinary miracles that occur here.The blizzards we get here are a good treat when taking the family out.  The shop is clean with plenty of parking adjacent to Dairy Queen.Staff is awesome.  Lots of seating here, even when its busy.
