5	AWESOME!This place is located in a nice cozy corner in the plaza on the SE corner of Thomas and Hayden.  They do such a great job on your nails and they last forever!  Not sure f they use some special serum to make them stay but-by god-it stays.  Plus, they have a movie playing every time, not just muted TV so you can actually sit back and enjoy your service with some entertainment.  I always end up watching something new as the owner goes to Blockbuster twice a week to have the newest releases there for everyone.Even cooler-they have tanning beds there, do waxing and eye brow shaping.  This place is 'da bomb (and you know it's true because i never use that term ;) Hope this review helps put it on the map some more because they are so friendly and affordable. You'll love it.
3	This is where I got my first ever pedicure, approx. 4 years ago.  I still remember that day because I went  with a family friend and her three kids.  (Kids should not be taken to a nail salon.  Ever.)Anywho, originally she was just gonna get a full acrylic set and I was there to supervise the kids.  She ended up talking me into getting a pedi.  I was pleased with how it turned out, but it was my first one, so I didn't really know what to expect.Since then, I've gone here every time I get a pedi or a full set of acrylics.  They have had a different movie playing every time which is nice, but it is true that they loop the same movie continuously.  I've only seen them change a movie after it was over in one visit, and I'm pretty sure it was because one of the workers was sick of the same thing looping.Their pedicures are awesome, but they do up-charge for everything.  Callus remover? $5.  Flower? $5.  Sugar-scrub? $5.  And if you want any other design (not a flower variation) good luck.  There was one occasion that a younger girl came in with her mom and wanted a popular design at the time on her big toe and the girl doing her feet didn't understand her at all - I actually had to stop my mani and draw it out for the girl, as her nails where still wet from her mani.  As a plus, they are pretty generous on their massage time.Conversations lack here, so if you are one who enjoys some good gossip when you get your nails done, you won't be pleased.  The only one who really converses as he works is their main acrylic guy.  His work is awesome, but he often takes phone calls on his cell phone while he works and is always in and out.Color selection is abundant, but the polish is never updated/cycled out.  They have the same jars of polish they had 4 years ago when I first started coming here.As a huge plus, they do not send away customers close to closing time.  There was one occasion (close to prom-season I think) that I didn't leave the shop until an hour after business hours and they still had two other girls in there getting full sets and pedis.If you've caught on, their work does take a while.  There has not been one time that I haven't seen the movie they play the full way through at least a full two times.  They usually have just two people there, and about 9/10, one person has to stop working to call-in another employee because they have people waiting.Simplified version::( Out-dated polish.:( Time consuming.:( Up-charge for everything.:) New movies playing.:) Awesome nails each time.
4	My natural nails were a mess so I decided to get acrylics. I looked on Yelp for a place close by, read the reviews and decided on Nail Tech Spa.My appointment was at 2:00. At 1:58 I called and said I would be a few minutes late, but I was close by. I arrived at 2:04 and was asked to sit and wait. 10 minutes later, I was told "five more minutes".  I was finally seated in front of the nail tech at 2:45. I won't "down" rate the guy for this, though because he had run into an unexpected problem with the girl before me so it took longer than expected.My nail technician's name was Tim. I think he did a pretty good job. None of my nails have lifted so far (I just had them done yesterday). I didn't notice the variety of pre-painted nail tips hanging in cases on the wall until Tim had already stuck a few white ones on my fingers for a french manicure. Next time I have a new full set put on, I will try the pre-painted nails.I'll be back (mainly because I left my favorite water bottle there. I hope they saved it for me.)
1	Terrible experience here. They cut up my foot when trying to remove a callus. Also, they told me they used shellac when it was really gelish. Wish I could recommend, but I wouldn't want anyone else to go through the same experience.
4	Tim the Nail Man is GREAT! Super nice and talented at what he does!
4	Love this place. Right down the street from my house and best thing they stay open until 8. Just like one of the other reviews said, they don't have a problem staying. I went in about 730pm to get a gel mani and gel pedi, the older lady took about an hour or so on my pedi, and even after was willing to do my mani. How sweet! Of course I told her I'd come back the next day, which yes I did. I love the guy, he is very friendly and loves talking. They are amazing with the massages!! Prices aren't bad, totally worth the services. And yes, they have tanning beds, eyebrow services, and do hair too.I definitely recommend this place!
2	The good reviews surprise me...honestly.  I popped in here because it's nearby my house and it's open late.  I typically go to Pink Polish and eventually I'll learn to just KEEP going there! I had "Tim the Nail Man" as he calls himself.  He was friendly enough and open to my design suggestions which is HUGE in my book.  Hence, two stars.  The only thing I didn't like as far as a nail tech goes was that he didn't wipe the shellac away from the edges of my nail.  Once it hardened it actually went a little onto my skin which is weird and somewhat uncomfortable. As I said, the designs were cute - I told him what I wanted nail by nail and he was happy to do whatever I suggested. =)It's in the dark corner right by pranksters and a second hand store.  I wouldn't personally call it cozy myself.  The inside was not well-kept.  There were a few gnats over by the pedi station so I just skipped that option all together.  And while I was getting my nails done there was an ant on the towel under my hands.  He brushed it away.....thank you?  So, the two upsides.  1) The nail designs I requested turned out well.  2) They had 'My Best Friends Wedding' on the TV. For how friendly Tim was I wish that it as a little cleaner in there.  Sanitary nail salons is IMPORTANT when they are poking you with tools.  The tools were not pulled from those plastic bags you've seen so you don't know the cleanliness of those when the establishment itself was not clean.  I will not be returning to this salon.
5	This place is NOT closed! As of July 8th, 2013 they are open! Mindy did my nails - they took a long time, but she did lots of detail and charged me a more than reasonable amount. She and Tim the Nail Man are definitely the go-to people there. Definitely recommend. Suggest any design - they can do it!
2	I was not impressed with this place. I called because I wanted a last minute manicure and it was close by. The woman on the phone quoted me their special price of $25 for a gel manicure. The man doing my nails was nice, but it was weirdly quiet in there. No music or anything. I had a glitter overcoat on my nails and, while I appreciate that he was trying to get a lot of glitter on my nails, it turned out lumpy. He had to fix two nails and there was another lump I didn't bother asking him to fix. And the Polish is off the nail on a few fingers... When I went to pay, he said it was $35, not $25! When I said what I had been quoted he said that was fine. But, even though it said they take card, he asked me to go to the grocery store next door and get cash out. Which required me to buy something. Then they only have multiples of $10, so I paid him $30 (after I had already tipped him) and he didn't offer to give me change. I don't think I will be going to this place again.... I ended up paying as much as I would have at a higher end place anyways.
1	Small hole in the wall (literally), not so clean, grungy, cheap nail salon. I tried this place 3 times because although my nails always sucked and broke EVERY time, the staff is really friendly and nice. I give up on this place because I'm sick of going in every 5 days for them to fix a broken nail or a nail that astonishingly just pops off. The purpose  of paying for nails is to have pretty hands and flaunt them, but I always found myself hiding my nails because they always looked so bad :( every other place I go, I can always last 3 weeks without a fill and I never get broken nails! At this place, I got broken nails on the reg. I would have acrylic glopped on the sides and onto my nails, uneven nails, and smudgy polish. Horrible! The inside is not nice, they need to remodel and invest in some better nail products. I would never recommend this place.
4	I went here last Friday for a quick polish change. I was able to get a seat right away because the rest of the world was at happy hour.  Lassime, (wrong spelling?) my nail tech was super sweet and VERY precise with her work.  I spent most of my time chatting and laughing with Tim and the rest of the team. The shop offers a lot of services so it can be a one stop shop. Overall, I had a nice experience and would recommend a friend to go here if you're in need of a last minute primping.  P.S. they're open until 8!!!!!
