4	Reputation wise, it's really good. There's a lot of building around. A lot of buildings say RIM on them. The education was pretty good. The hard majors are really hard and they really milk the Optometry school for all that it has. And rightly so. Anyway, good school. Okay professors. Good people.
4	The social scene here is what you make of it. The professors were ok, and the hard programs were quite hard. The only thing I could do without is the self righteous attitude of some of the professors and students. When I look back, do I regret not studying? Heck no! I enjoyed myself 5 days a week, and passed my program. I studied enough to get by.I wasn't in the top 10%, but after you graduate if you have experience, no one looks at your marks anymore.I guess one benefit I had was co-op, which gives you 2 years of experience upon graduation, employer referrals (references) from past employers, and money to pay for your school. I think being in a co-op program was the best thing about my program
4	Maybe I'm being slightly nostalgic at the moment.  I convocated from UW last Wednesday and I just have to say a few things about it.Stereotypically - people always claimed that Waterloo is a boring school and people have no life.I disagree.  Th 5 years at Waterloo were amazing for me.  I was enrolled in the AHS/Health Studies Co-operative program.  Seriously - co-op has done wonders -- it allows you to experience the "real world" in bits and pieces and allows for you to realize what you want to get into.Professors in my program were amazing, and very friendly.  I got to know a few of them very well in my last year at Waterloo.Not only that, social life is great there!  Go to Bomber Wednesdays -- everyone is there and it's a great way to see your friends from other faculties and to have a great night to dance the night away.So if you're Loo and you're complaining that you're bored, I'm just supposing that you're just sitting at your residence/off-campus housing doing absolutely nothing. Get involved and get to know the city as well - it's actually a breath of fresh air.
4	I wanted to rate the University lower, but could not bring myself to do it after reading the other reviews. Future-wise, UW brings an amazing amount of opportunities that I do not think any other Canadian school can offer. Being a new grad from ECE, I can say it will take you all you got to get through school unless you are a super genius!There are a lot of endearing things about the school. The RCH dungeons and 24/7 Dana Porter library.. TC airport and maybe the DC dating centre (although its changed now). And of course the people, the school is big enough, you will meet people you will know for life. You should also know even after you graduate, there are UW grads everywhere so you will never really lose base good or bad.
4	I truly love this campus. It's beautiful here...of course it's Fall. Everyone has been so nice. Even though I don't see a lot of folks that look like me, I don't get the sense that people are conscious about race. People are people here. The students seem like normal students but a bit more conservative like (get this...) they are actually focused on school! I would send my son or daughter here. The staff is really helpful to the students - you can tell they want the students to succeed. There are great opportunities to learn in a variety of environments. GLOW is a campus student group that helps to create a thriving gay community here, it's all about love. I love my Cal Bears but I could be a Waterloo Warrior any day!
4	Definitely agree that the social life here is what you make it. I graduated in 2006 and highly recommend that students take advantage of the school's various summer programs. By doing a full course load in the summers, I was able to graduate from a four-year honours program in just three. Not that everyone can do this, of course, but it would help to get your most-dreaded course out of the way in the summer.
4	Ha, I guess I should review the school I go to. So, been at Waterloo for 4 yrs. It's a pretty awesome place overall.People here are all really smart it's crazy. Life's hard during interview season though. If you're in the co-op program, you get to do assignments, interviews, and midterms all at once for about a week. but interviews last about 3-4 weeks so that's generally the most stressful time period in a term.Overall though, I must say, I feel like I've been thoroughly educated. Oh right, I'm in Software Engineering, cool program. Co-op jobs are generally pretty awesome. Profs aren't amazing all the time, but they're decent
4	It's hard to argue against this university, unless you're talking about the architecture of some of the buildings (MC = YUCK!).80% of the profs are great. Their office hours are widely accessible, many stay behind after lectures for any questions, most are simply not just slide readers, and many profs incorporate real-life concepts into their lectures.Sure the social life isn't the best, but that's why you attend Bomber Wednesdays, join clubs, make friends in classes, etc.I'm currently in my last year in UWaterloo, and overall I have been satisfied with what this university offered me, and hopefully it would be a stepping stone towards the future for me.
4	Computer Engineering class of 2013 here. University of Waterloo was a life changer for me. Here is why.The Good:University of Waterloo is not just another university that stands in middle of a city. It offers several top programs in Canada, including Engineering and Computer Science.On top of that, you will be surrounded by very smart students and professors. I believe the environment that one is in is very important. In high school I was a kid who doesn't like to study, who doesn't like to think. After 5 years, the environment had made me into a kid who likes to think and who likes to learn new things. Without being surrounded by smart people, perhaps I am still that same kid from high school now.The professors are amazing, most of the professors are always there for you, wanting you to succeed. Co-op program was a life changing experience for me. University's number of partnerships with employers in North America is huge. Co-op programs will let you learn life-time skills in job hunting.If you are a person who wants to become smarter, just go to University of Waterloo. With smart people surrounding in you, you will become smarter.The Bad:One bad thing though is that their facility for engineering is old. Lab computers in for my program was slow. Computer Science is better though because they have Mac computers in labs.
