4	Lovely old building. Lovely library within. As well as usual wide range of reading material for all ages, there's computers for internet access, and a really nice children's area. Regular storytimes and Bookstart Rhymetimes for wee ones. Nice library with friendly staff.
4	Leith Public Library is nice because it used to be a theatre, which you can tell from the outside by the crumbling letters that read "Leith Theatre," and from the inside by the round, atrium-like shape.  It's a fine piece of civic architecture, but I think most people come here just to get out books and use the computers, not to admire the building, just like any library really.Because it's a local library, there's not the hugest selection, but you can summon books from other libraries in the city for free, which solves that problem.  There is a children's play area here as well, which is a fun idea, although it does kind of shatter that whole tradition of libraries being silent.  If you're after the internet, there's a whole room of computers just to the right of the main entrance, which any member of the library can use once they've registered at the front desk.  I'm not sure about printing and photocopying facilities.You're unlikely to come here unless you live in Leith.  But if you do, all I can do is repeat this mantra: public services are awesome - use them lots
4	I only ever really come here for the Book Bug Sessions every alternate Tuesday and Wednesday....if you can ever get it right! :) It's really busy during this time and if you're here for it I would arrive early but don't stress if you're late as you can just slip in at the back totally unnoticed! If you're here to borrow books or read them/study them in peace then perhaps it's not the right time of day for you :) In case you're reading this review and are interested in the Book Bug sessions at Leith then the times are as follows!First and third Tuesday of every month, 10.30-11.15am Second and fourth Wednesday of every month, 10.30-11.15am If there's a 5 week month then all the best as I still haven't figured out what the system is so I would probably ask the chap at reception.
