5	I followed Perla over from her previous salon at Bombshell Hair. She is an amazing hair extension stylist that I have been using for over 2 years. I have recommended many of my girlfriends and all of their hair turns out amazing.
5	Pearl has done a wonderful job with my very blonde hair.  I am very picky, with my hair and she bleached and cut it and did a wonderful job.  I would highly recommend her for color and cuts.
5	Perla was the first stylist I was fortunate to meet here in Vegas..6 years ago ! Now that I have aged she has done great work on blending colors so my WHITE roots look naturally blondish amongst my auburn hair .. Love that she can work miracles !.. Beautiful new salon Perla ,Congrats !
5	I had a wonderful experience at Vavoom, all the staff is very friendly and professional. The atmosphere is inviting and comfortable, with amenities such as Keurig coffee maker, netflix, a purse hook and all the other essentials you can indulge in while getting pampered! Especially I would like to thank Perla, who is a hairstylist there. I have been going to her only for the last few years and couldn't be happier! She is friendly, personable, does an amazing job with all my hair needs and, most importantly, she always goes the extra step for her clients! Did I mention she is also very reasonable with her pricing? I have recently gotten my bohemian extensions from her and they look awesome. Would highly recommend for all your cut, color and extensions needs :)
5	I miss my Perla so much! Not only does she do a wonderful job but she is funny and sweet to boot! Always love seeing you Perla! Please move to Atlanta!
5	Perla is who I go to @ Vavoom! She's the best , I followed her from Bombshell Hair & Extension Co. And I have to say out of all the 5 diff stylists I've had since I've been living in Vegas, they can't top her or even come close to her ! Not only is she great w hair & knows the art, but she also is very enjoyable to be around, always in a positive mood no matter what! She's just an all around awesome person to know  so anyone that's looking to get extensions done or color etc , I highly recommend you go see Perla @ Vavoom. You'll thank me later!!
5	PERLA is the BEST & the Most Amazing, Creative, Thoughtful, Flexible, And Reliable Stylist Ever! GO TO HER!!! You will not be disappointed!!!! Amazing with Hair Color & Extensions, not to mention Styling!!! She is a true sweetheart & I'm happy every time I get to see her!!! She's a joy to be around!! VaVoom studio is a quiet step away and relaxing place to be pampered by Perla! I model and have a crazy schedule and she's always understanding and gets me in!!! Love her!
5	Perla is an amazingly wonder stylist. I drive all the way from Henderson just for her! The girls at my job all go to her too and not one has been disappointed.  Honestly going to anyone besides Perla for a haircut is silly.  She is a master of her craft!
5	Love Perla!  Brought in pictures of what I wanted and she did exactly that!  Does a wonderful job, cannot wait to go back!  Studio is super nice as well and easily accessible!
