3	Until about a year ago, if you had a late night craving for Chinese you were effed.  Then Asian Kitchen burst on to the scene and now drunks and insomniac shut-ins alike can bask their greasy splendor.  They have convenient on-line ordering and most items are ready for pick up in about 10 minutes or less.  Their hot and sour soup is quite tasty and the crab rangoon is very rich-- it has chunks of cream cheese in it and minimal crab. At the actual restaurant, there isn't very much seating room and the bright yellow interior isn't easy on the eyes.  In general the food is the same as every other Midwestern Chinese restaurant, it's not stunning, but the hours and speediness warrants 3 stars.
3	When Jackie and Leilei owned this place Asian Kitchen rocked my socks off. Now it's just OK. Fortunately, they still make a mean General Tso's Tofu, I must say.Also, the full entrees are gigantic for the price. Highly recommended if you're going to pay for a Dinner Combo--just make the upgrade, it's worth the extra pound of food you get.
4	For what it is - quick to order Chinese Food - it's pretty darn good. The food is always filling;even when I eat there, I usually have enough to bring home. In fact, for a while I decided to save money by getting one of their larger meals and eating it over 3 meals at home, maybe adding some more rice and vegetables after each meal... but I digress. Anyway, the food is good, and they also have something called "Bubble Tea", which is a smoothie-type tea drink with tapioca pearls. It's kinda interesting and worth a try. The one disadvantage is that the place is small, so you may have more luck just ordering your food to go (although that's what most people do anyway, so finding a seat isn't always tough). Nonetheless, this is a good place.
2	Greasy big portions pretty much describes the food. It's decent if you're a poor college student with no cooking skills and a lack of dinero... and it also sure as heck tastes a lot better when you're drunk. It's typical Americanized Chinese food but it's filling (think an extra night's worth of dinner) and the price is right.
4	This is our chinese delivery place.  We just sort of settled into it.  I don't think it's great, and I don't think it's lousy either.  Let me give you a list of what to avoidThe egg rolls - bleh, stay away.  Just stuffed with cabbage that has that weird 'off' taste.  Wanton Soup - nasty smell, nasty wanton fillingHot n Sour Soup - they usually don't really water down the mix enough, so you get lots of glops.  Gross.Beef n broccoli - broccoli was old and wilted and brownish.
4	I tried the wanton soup again, even though it's always gross.  I probably did this because I'm retarded.  But surprise, it was actually good!   Go figure
4	I like to think of this place as a secret lunch weapon.It's small, grubby, and not very visible from the street. The food is really great, and they are unbelievably quick about preparing it. Bonus points for using liberal amounts of hot pepper in spicy dishes when requested. I can take it!Extremely inexpensive, too.
4	I love that this place is such an eyesore.  They specialize in takeout, and the aesthetics of the restaurant itself say this, loudly.  The way the painful fluorescent lighting reflects off the bright yellow walls is almost genius in its awfulness.  When I get that craving for Sesame tofu, I like that Asian Kitchen will make three meal's worth of it, in ten minutes or less, for under seven bucks, without sacrificing taste.  I have only had the tofu dishes, and that seems to be the prime choice here.  I haven't found tofu cooked this crispy anywhere else.  It's crammed into a Styrofoam carton with an appropriately massive amount of rice and a couple obligatory pieces of broccoli buried underneath everything else.  The broccoli is soggy, but I've had much worse, and I don't go to Asian Kitchen for the broccoli anyway.It's an ugly little hole in the wall that provides wonderfully greasy food in ridiculous portions for cheap.  It may not be fine dining, but Asian Kitchen excels where it counts.
4	This is the best Chinese food I've had in Madison.  And their General's Tofu is one that I've been trying to find a match for in Normal, Il.  But no luck.This place is great.  They're open really late (2AM, IIRC) and are priced just right.Their menu has any and all Chinese food options at all hours of the night, which is great when you're stumbling home drunk on state street and decide you want Chow Mein.  It may not be the most authentic Chinese food, but it is fantastic food that I can't recomend enough.It's always quick and courteous and the restaurant itself is very clean and bright.  Gotta love this place!  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to continue my search for General's Tofu on par with Asian Kitchen.
2	It's great to have a diet menu.  The veggies were fresh and delicious, but the sauce was a little bland, watery and sweet.  If you are going to do diet, you have to use garlic, maybe some hot sauce to spice it up.
3	Asian Kitchen is by and large the most dominant Chinese food restaurant in Madison. And with good reason. It's cheap, it's fast, the portions are massive (it always takes me two sittings to finish an order, and I'm a big eater), and most importantly, the food is amazingly good. Any time I want Chinese food, I always order Asian Kitchen.But being the undisputed king of Madison Chinese has its setbacks for the customer as well. Asian Kitchen knows that their food is as addictive as crack, and that you'll always come back no matter what they do to you. On several occasions, I have ordered my beloved Mongolian Beef or General Tso's Chicken only to find that the meat was so dry that half the food was inedible. And if it weren't for this, Asian Kitchen would easily take all 5 stars for me. But unfortunately, ordering and actually getting the great food they're so famous for is increasingly becoming a shot in the dark.
4	When I am in the mood for cheap, delivery asian cuisine, this is where I turn to...Now, I haven't tried much on the menu... The vegetable lo mein was very boring, as were their eggrolls but the General Tso's tofu... fricken brilliant!  We ordered that the first time we tried Asian Kitchen and have not strayed from that dish yet.  It is about $7 and enough to feed my bf and I, and we can really put down some food.Hopefully I will get the balls to try something else soon, but this dish is so darn good!
3	Asian Kitchen is probably the best delivery American-Chinese place Madison has to offer. While China A8 is nice and all and offers really, really nice deals for students--I personally find their food to be a little bland and that's why I mostly prefer Asian Kitchen.I haven't experienced a whole lot from their menu--mostly either Orange Chicken or General Tso's Chicken. Both of the chicken dishes, when done right, offer a really, really sweet and slightly spicy taste. The General Tso's Chicken, in particular, has red pepper flakes in the sauce which adds a really nice kick. However, it always happens where you get overcooked chicken that makes it crunchy and almost impossible to eat--and as a result, I can't justify giving Asian Kitchen 4 stars.When I've come to sit in at the restaurant, I have to be honest: it is the nastiest place. There is a lot of sticky tables and the bathrooms are horrendous; I've seen cockroaches and the toilets are almost never clean everytime I've been there. But that's why I typically only order from here for delivery. (I realize the cockroaches should bother me, but I'm adventurous and I'm going to assume they're going to get cooked if they land in my food anyways--more protein that way.)It's great, cheap, and delicious--what more do you want from a Chinese restaurant?
2	Checked out this restaurant for my first time this Wednesday evening. I was surprised to see that they are open late so I did some take out around 9pm. Two things that need to be emphasized... #1 Unbeatable price for the amount of food. #2 Below average quality. $7.60 for a take out order of the General Tso's Chicken. That was about the only positive part. The chicken wasn't very warm which made me question if it was made to order. No consistency with the chicken... some dry and crispy...some mushy and soggy. Overall feeling--- not bad. I guess I can't be too picky when spending seven bucks for Wednesday evening take out.
3	Asian Kitchen is definitely my go-to place for quick and cheap Chinese food - especially when those late night hunger pains creep up during exam time - or after nights of drunken debauchery - (they deliver until midnight most days and 3 am Thursday-Saturday!).   General Tso's tofu is one of my favorites and the chicken version isn't bad either.  The chicken lo mein is super greasy but good nonetheless. The "bubble tea" drinks are, at most, okay. They're more like super sweetened fruit slushies.  The food is cheap and come in huge portions. I usually get three servings out of whatever I order. The service is okay, could probably be better, but you get your food pretty quickly.  Overall all, I like AK - it's the epitome of what American Chinese take-out is - and enjoy it most in the comforts of College Library.
2	The food is incredibly greasy-- as Americanized Chinese food should be. The portions are large, and they serve till late at night (delivery too). It's also cheap! super cheap! and you'll have food left over for the next day.However, it's not the best food in the world, but when you're drunk and it's late and you don't feel like having pizza, Asian Kitchen is the place to go. It's also a health-nut's worst nightmare, but then again if you're eating Chinese take-out, you're probably not a health-freak. It's not the cleanest establishment either, but if you order-out you'd never know the difference. Stay away from the bathrooms if you can, they're pretty gross.
3	Kung poppus corpus!!! Great for law students interested in slop!!!! Late nights are rough... Got to take a load off and put a load of this crap in your justice stomping stomach compactor!!!! Really comes out the next morning in random spurts... Be careful......... Oh and when they say it'll be 10 minutes, they actually mean 4 hours
1	While the price may lure you in, food poisoning will certainly keep you away. Basically don't get anything after 10 PM that isn't deep fried or you'll run the risk of getting a sloppily cooked, half-raw pile of poison.
1	Quick, cheap, tons of food, but terrible tasting
4	I'd give high 3.5 to a 4 while not the best it's simple, filling and affordable. I ordered the General Tso's chicken the sauce and chicken where ok but what surprised me was the broccoli which was large and still crispy not over cooked and overall it was good and not just a after thought  which brought balance to the meal I wish there was more broccoli. I would definitely order again. The crab Rangoon was awesome and the fried dumplings where mighty tasty and 8 will never be enough when eating fried dumplings two fistfuls at a time.
2	The food is good, but it is very annoying that they will deliver to my house some days and not other days..... Your delivery range is 3 miles and grub hub says I live 2.8 miles away, mapquest says 3.3.  Either way I think its close enough.  Don't be jerks and deliver me some damn Asian food when I want it, not just on days when you have nothing better to do.
3	It's like this - This place is not the type of place that you want to see. You don't want to know that your food is coming from somewhere this sticky and dirty. But, I have yet to find General Tso's tofu that is half as delicious as the one they have there. It's SO good. Also, the vegetables are always crisp and fresh, and you can tell they made your food right before they brought it to you. The egg rolls are pretty tasty too. Basically, it's really good American Chinese food.Now if it the place wasn't such a disaster...
4	Americanized and greasy, sure, but the portions are huge and the prices are low.  I love the fried chicken, wonton soups, egg foo young with shrimp, and the vegetables are always crispy and fresh.  One of my favorite places in Madison to get fast food that will last at least 2 meals for the price of one!
5	Does it really get any cheaper, quicker, or better for 'American' Chinese food? Absolutely not! I still crave their General Tso's Tofu (with extra spice!) lunch special. Oh me, oh my! This place would literally have my order ready before I could walk there (about 10 minutes!). It is probably a good thing that a live too far away from this dish to order it once a week, but still...I miss it terribly!
4	Cheap and yummy chinese food. Lunch combo is really cheap price and large portion.If you are students ,this is definitely a good choice. However, this is not the best Chinese food in town.
4	Nice Chinese take-out place for students.Cheap /Large / Portion /TastyIf you are students who want to save some bucks and enjoy the tasty Chinese food at the same time ,this is definitely a good choice.
3	Okay, let's be honest. Asian Kitchen always comes in handy for a graduate student who spends most of their time in the library or coffee shops write their papers to catch up the deadline.Asian Kitchen is just one grubhub or dial away and a hungry grad student could enjoy some homemade food ranging from general Tso's chicken, shrimp fried rice, to fried chicken, among others. Yeah, this place is comfy for a student on a tight budget and with limited time, but if you care enough with some hygiene issue, you may want to go somewhere else.
3	If you live on campus, you should definitely check this place out. Food overall is good, but can definitely be HIT or MISS. Pretty sure I got food poisoning once from the Chicken and Broccoli, so I just don't order it anymore. LOVE the spring rolls and fried rice. LARGE PORTIONS! Delivery can take a LONG time, so I'd pick it up if possible. The people working the counter are usually surly, but I probably would be to if I worked there.
4	The food isn't great, but the lunch deal is a really good deal and it is significantly cheaper than fugu. The late night hours on the weekend are just amazing. I've had drunk late night meals from there often.
3	Their food here is strictly circumstantial. This is an absolute truth. Its a takeout place, so don't expect fancy lighting and leather seats. The food is good only if you're: in the mood for greasy as hell takeout; looking for cheap food cause you're broke; or near piss drunk, which I was when I had it. Running in drunk from the bars at 2am, I ordered an extra spicy lo mein and it was phenomenal. They made damn sure it was spicy enough to make tums my best friend the next day and the greasy flavor of the lo mein was enhanced tenfold by the jager bombs I had earlier. I refused to puke anytime after that because it was so good, but mostly because I was afraid of the burning inferno that I would shoot up my esophagus. I will never come here sober but it is a favorite when I'm wasted out of my mind.
3	Pretty much the Asian version of Ian's Pizza, to be honest. Opens up late, cheap food and disgustingly filling.Not the best American Chinese I've ever had, but gets the job done.
3	This is me every time i've gone to Asian Kitchen:I'm always quite drunk on a Friday or Saturday night, and want to get some food that would hit the spot.  I think "hmm, Asian food would do it!", so I head to Asian kitchen.  The line is usually to the door by this point, as every other drunk kid is thinking the same thing.  Cut to like 25 minutes later (it feels longer), and I'm ordering my tofu deep fried in general tso's/kung pao/orange/whatever sauce.  Another 10 (yet again, feels longer) minutes later, I have my styrofoam container, walk home, get in bed, and open my food.  I dig in, and I'm having pure bliss/euphoria.  2 minutes later, I fall asleep, sometimes with the fork still in my mouth.  Fast forward to 10-11 AM the next day:  I wake up, see that my food is still there.  I finish it, and think "Ehhhh, this isn't very good"And that's Asian Kitchen in a nutshell for me.  It's perfect for late night/drunk munchies, and pretty meh at every other time/state of mind.  During the day, you're better off going to other places on State like Fugu, or Himal Chuli.  But, since those aren't open late, Asian Kitchen has it's niche purpose.
1	Today will be my last day ordering food from them. While it was only a 5 minute walk to deliver, it's been one hour and we're still waiting for our food. The man on the phone didn't help at all. He only can give this answer: well, it's on its way and we don't  know what to tell you.Go page your driver! And ask where the h*** he is!
4	This is one of my go-to late night food places on campus. It's cheap, the portions are huge, and its fast. There's a lot of variety to choose from on the menu. I'm a fan of the general tao's chicken and orange chicken, and the beef dishes are really good as well (but you get more meat with the chicken ones). The soups that come with the lunch/dinner specials are just ok, but the crab rangoon is very greasy and good. Overall, its good, cheap americanized chinese food.
1	This place has really gone bad. It was actually pretty decent not too long ago. But like all great cheap restaurants, it never lasts very long. I understand that this is located close to all the students, and is within walking distance. However there are different levels of bad, and this one is on the lower end. WARNING NEVER TRY THEIR BUBBLE TEA! I felt like they gave me sugar milk, and it was luke warm. :'(
5	I don't have a whole lot to say about the restaurant in general, but the Subgum Fried Rice from Asian Kitchen is honestly the best fried rice I have ever had in my entire life.The taste is smooth and buttery with the right amount of salty meats (which are actually good quality it seems!) mixed in. No soy sauce necessary, which is rare for me when it comes to eating takeout/delivery rice.  I come up to Madison from Chicago every couple of months and ordering Asian Kitchen late at night has become standard operating procedure for me -- you won't be disappointed!
