5	The staff is very helpful! My daughter "had" to have a pair of rollerblades but they were asking $50 for a pair that I know she'll grow out of in a few months. The staff member that was helping us was quick to agree to a lower price. I've bought and sold items at this location and have always had a great experience!
2	This place is not what it seems. The location has limited used items and all the new items are pricey. Would not waste time on a visit, recommend calling before going to get prices and see if they have what you need
2	We were greeted immediately and inquired about treadmills.  The employee seemed mostly knowledgable about the units.  The 2 we were looking at appeared used although he said they were new.  Said they were floor units from a demo somewhere the owner had picked up.  One had clearly worn buttons on it and the other did look new.  I looked up the prices online and asked him if he could do a better price, and he said he couldn't.  The weird thing is that both of them were selling on the manufacturers website, brand new for less.  We had to decline at that price, but you gotta love the power of technology.  We also looked at a heavy bag that was 50 lbs for $60...at walmart you can get 100 lb bag for $60....so know your prices before going into this place.  There was a musty smell when we walked in the door, but that would be expected in a used goods place.
1	Ok, if I could have given this business negative stars, I probably would have! So I guess my 1 star is just for the merchandise in the store, lol.I visited this store in November 2014 looking for a dumbbell rack with diff sized dumbbells. There were 2 clerks and I was the only customer in the store. They both appeared preoccupied with whatever they were doing at the counter(texting, reading, loafing...you fill in the blank)! Poor customer service, no greeting, reluctant and lack luster assistance when I ask for help with some equipment, condescending language. I felt like I was a bother to them so I walked right out of that store without a word. Shame on them for treating a paying customer with such disrespect! I'd rather buy it new.
