5	The fillet mignon was amazing! Ok, now on to the review.This restaurant is kind of quirky, they have big Chinese-lantern-style light fixtures, alternating black then white chairs, and thick draperies on the walls. The music was mostly 80's pop and they projected an old black and white film onto the curtains on the wall. If you can get over the weird decor (or if that's your thing) then you're in luck because the food was awesome.We started with the Florida shrimp cocktail, which, as our server warned us, was not your normal shrimp cocktail. It was served in a martini glass with layers of avocado, cocktail sauce, a corn salsa, and rock shrimp; it came with tortilla chips to use for scooping. I think it was an improvement on the traditional shrimp cocktail (although Red Drum Gastropub in Mt Pleasant, SC had a pretty good shrimp cocktail too, but that's another review).The appetizer was good but finding it was kind of difficult, their menu could use some reorganization (and better descriptions). However, their wines were organized by price, which was kind of convenient (don't worry they also had a more traditionally structured reserve list).The mahi mahi was good but be prepared for some spiciness, it had a powerful peppercorn punch. The lamb T-bones were really tasty. Cooked to the perfect temperature with a well balanced marmalade that had just the right amount of licorice flavor (tarragon, I guess). It paired perfectly with the lamb. My one criticism is for the absurd presentation. It came out on a long rectangular plate that was placed diagonally so it would fit in front of me. The plate had the two lone T-bones (about two or three inches across), stacked with the marmalade in the middle and on top. I thought it was kind of silly to present it that way knowing that it needed to be deconstructed to prevent a cutting disaster.Anyway, like I said before, the fillet mignon was awesome. I've had meat of equal quality before but this dish had a generous portion of superb meat plus a killer balsamic and onion sauce. This is what you should order, no question about it.Dessert was spot on as well (but again the menu could use some better descriptions). We ordered the raspberry creme brulee and the "peppermint patty." The creme brulee was a normal creme brulee with fresh berries stacked on top and then a white chocolate macadamia nut cookie stacked on top of that. The creme brulee was really good because (unlike so many places I've been recently) the custard was of  a reasonable depth so it was nice a creamy and chilled. The peppermint patty was a dense round chocolate cake with a gentle peppermint flavor. It was a very well done, simple dessert.Overall, I was impressed. The restaurant wasn't cheap but the portions were sizeable and all of the food was excellent.
5	Zink is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Charlotte - or at least one of the most fun and trendy restaurants. When you're eating there, it makes you feel like you're in another city - San Francisco, or New York. It definitely takes you out of Charlotte. We had the Stack for an appetizer: a combination of fried green tomatoes, shrimp, and avocado. It was amazing. For my entree I had the Mahi with sweet corn which was also incredible. The wine list is also very affordable, which was nice. The entire menu is a lot of fun, with options such as suchi rolls for an apetizer. I'd recommend Zink to anyone who likes to try something new, and I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Charlotte!
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars, usually I'd round up to 4 because I'm a nice guy. but with three 5-star reviews, i have to lay down the law. i will say Zink is one of the nicer restaurants in Charlotte ascetically.  It has a hint of a chinese theme as someone mentioned but the owner is Iranian. So, I'm guessing its more of a Persian theme :]   Keep in mind I am from Vegas, but when I'm spending 30 dollars just for food, I expect great service. I have been here three times and have not yet experienced that.  I don't mind the wait at all. I've had appertizers forgotten, brought WITH the meal which is my biggest pet peeve at a restaurant ever, and the special wrongly described by the waitress.   My friend asked what "root vegetables" were and i said it was potatoes and carrots, but was corrected by the waitress.  When he got his dinner, it was potatoes and carrots!! For the record he hates carrots. Thus, the problem.  I would like to note that the manager did stop by and still brought out my "missed" appetizer of calamari  on the house. Zink's atmosphere will enchant you and the hostesses will enchant you a bit more.  I just feel their food is a bit off-par and their service is lacking.  If you do try them for lunch(i've only been there for dinner) do try their french fries. they are julianed very thin and will remind you of pomme frites flavoured the parma and parsley.
4	THE PLACE for Bloody Marys in Charlotte. You can literally get anything thrown in. I got mine all the way. Incredible, nuff said. Go NOW!
4	For our date night this week, Jim and I decided to go to a dinner and a show (the show being the Dark Knight in the iMax theatre--how romantic!) in Uptown.  We had planned on going to Brixx, since our last attempt at eating out on a Sunday had been thwarted by many restauranteurs' refusal to work on the Sabbath.  At that time, Zink was undergoing renovations.  Now that they are back in business, we thought we'd give them a try--after perusing the menu in the window, we couldn't resist!The thing that drew us in was the (short) infusionz martini list.  Normally, I am interested in about half of the cocktails on a menu--the others are just out of my comfort zone.  On this list, however, I wanted 5 of each right away, they all sounded deLICious!  We sat in the bar area, since we had a deadline anyway, and didn't feel dressed as "fine diners" for the regular dining room.  The decor, I must say, is impressive.  I had not been here pre-renovation, but they delivered the goods!  Very sleek with decorative details that scream luxury, there is a lot to take in while you're taking in your cocktails.  Speaking of, we both started out drinking the Peachy Keen (white grape vodka with fresh peach puree), and were very satisfied--a delicious combination.  For my second cocktail, I got a coconut/pineapple drink, which was also good, but it's hard to get that one wrong.  Jim got the Pamatini, the drink that is sweeping the nation.  It was also great, with the addition of sweet & sour, it was different than most Pama cocktails I've had.For food, I was trying to keep it pretty cheap and light.  Main courses can run you about $20-30.  Their New American style is executed well, at least in the dishes that we got.  I started with the lamb lollipops ($9) as an appetizer, and they were absolutely delicious--like lamb-meatballs on a stick--as were the sauces/jellies they came in.  I finished the actual food, then went back to eat the garnishes as well--grape chili jelly and goat cheese go really well together!  I also had the Arugula salad ($8) with marinated figs (melt in your mouth!), almonds, and country ham.  It was tossed in a pretty light dressing, and was also good--once again, I earned membership in the prestigious "Clean Plate Club". Jim had the Ultimate burger, which was $12.  How does this sound to you?  Angus ground beef brisket, sauteed mushrooms, rosemary- maple bacon, caramelized onions, swiss cheese & heirloom tomatoes.  You had me at Angus.  I had 2 bites of this, and the burger itself was fantastic.  The toppings complemented the beef well, without overpowering the flavor of the quality beef.  He did ask for it with no tomato, but they were there nonetheless.  Oops!  But overall, the food was a 5-star experience. The service was also good, our waiter was attentive and personable.   He claimed they were really busy and that the kitchen was pretty backed up.  Sure, there were a lot of people there, but they were certainly not at max-capacity.  A couple that came in well after us, got their dinner before us, which always sort of gets my goat, especially since they ordered more complicated dishes than we did.  Burger and salad?  Not hard!  (Hence, minus 1 star).On Wednesdays, these delicious cocktails are only $5 (normally $7), so that's when you'll most likely find us there.  Overall, this is a really impressive restaurant, and they aim to please.  Bullseye!
4	We headed over to Zink for a drink after our dinner last night. I have been here once before, back in December before they renovated it but didn't remember it too well, so it was sort of like a first time experience for me again. I hear that the food here is very good, but we came stuffed to we sat at the bar. I didn't notice much different in terms of the renovations, but they place is very classy looking and the staff is on-point and very friendly. I am usually a beer or wine kind of girl, but something about the place made me feel like I should order a martini. The bartender helped me choose a pomegranate one ( I know, how original. Easy, I don't drink them very often and basically rolled in here after stuffing my face with heavy mushroom raviolis ).  Anyway, the martini was awesome! We chatted with some other people at the bar and the crowd was classy but not uptight, which we loved. We will be coming back for dinner very soon.
4	I have to update my review after my experience here on Friday night - I'm not changing my four star rating because the atmosphere, service and everything else was still fantastic, but I do want to say that I do NOT recommend the sushi. Choose one of the other great items they have listed on their menu, and save the sushi for another night. We ordered 5 rolls, and none of them tasted good. Not like the fish was bad, we don't think that was the case, but it just didn't taste FRESH - maybe it was made earlier, and put in the fridge for a while? Not sure, but it just tasted like lots of rice rolled around a small portion of really cold, not so tasty fish. We will still be here though for the other items! Everything else was amazing, especially the lobster mac n cheese - we couldn't eat it fast enough. YUM!
2	My boyfriend and I wanted to go soem where and try some thing new so we made the choice to dine at zinks because a couple of people said that it was good and we had to go. WHAT A BIG LET DOWN. We started off with the lamb lollipops and the crab cake (yes it was only one). The lamb lollipops where extremly salty and the crab cake was dry like it had been cooked to long. Then we had the lettece wedge salad when enough dressing to cover like on leaf of lettece. On to the main course I had the hailbate and he had salmon and it was bland and something that could have made. On top of that I had to keep asking for them to refill my water. Its a really classy, nice, place with a wonderful atmospher   but its over rated.
4	Zink has by far the BEST burgers around.  No contest.  The Counter & Big Daddy's Burger Bar can't even come close.  The Harpers group is known for their restaurants & there is a reason - they know how to run them.  The restaurant itself is stunning.  Gorgeous high ceilings, decadent deep red velvet, spiral wrought iron staircase.  & yet the menu is completely unassuming.  burgers & grits? yes.  The truffle parmesan fries are out of this world.  I'd go back just for the fries alone.  the Zink burger is terribly messy but completely worth it.  When we went on a Saturday afternoon they were very shortstaffed but luckily the food more than made up for it.
3	It's Saturday at 3:43pm and I'm walking across Tryon from Hearst Tower with a friend, Ry, on our way into Zink. A quick glance at the menu at the outside, which looks promising, and we're in like Flynn. First looks: Red. Like stepping into a hot house tomato. Large chandelier above the hostess station that I want to take home and have installed above my bed. It's quiet for a Saturday but we're mid lunch and dinner, so it's to be expected. We march up the stairs to the hostess. She asks if we're there for lunch. No, we're here to learn how to tango, I thought but I behaved and told her yes. There were two of us, in case she couldn't see my 6'4 friend behind my 5'5 self.She leads us into the dining room, which is empty save one table of four. She points us to a corner table. When I say corner, I mean the corner. It feels a bit awkward in the large dining area to be stuck there but we graciously accept. Ry takes the booth, I take the chair.First thing we notice at the table: It's covered with a paper grocery bag colored paper. There are colored pencils in a box on the table. Ry looks up and me and asks, Did the put us at the kid's table? But looking around we notice they are all covered in this fashion. Slightly bemused we open the colored pencil box, short one pencil with the colors yellow, green, orange-red and blue. I get up and replace our box with one from the table across from ours. It has more colors. Nice.The waiter comes over, puts a "menu" in front of us - a 7 x 9 piece of paper with 5 or 6 options. He takes our drink order. Ry orders a Manhattan. I order a Gibson. Points for having choice of alcohol. We chat and color for a good 10 minutes before our drinks make it to the table. Mine, crystal clear and cold as ice is smooth and crisp, albiet the onions pierced on the plastic triangular stick seem too large for the glass. The drink, however, tastes wonderful. Smooth and sexy.Unfortunately Ry's drink is stronger than preferred. The bartender has a heavy pour. There is some sipping, but Ry doesn't finish it.I order the Chinese Chicken Salad, Ry orders the "Ultimate" burger.The food comes out about 15 minutes later and my salad, in a very large bowl, is placed in front of me. It smells wonderful. Ry's burger is thick and juicy, dripping onto the plate. His fries, placed in a flower pot, are like lovely, crisp flowers.. at least the kind of flowers I wish would grow in my garden.My salad is light, the chicken is grilled nicely but perhaps for a little too long, the greens are crisp (at least as crisp as spring mix can get), the almonds are crunchy and the fried noodles are delicate. The dressing is sweet and sesame. We finish without feeling rushed, our waiter is lovely, the food and drinks are nice. All in all it was a nice visit. Although the restaurant was warm in atmosphere it was cold in temperature. We had to ask the hostess for a match to light our candle on the table and I might have taken it a little easier on the dressing in my salad. Honestly, I've had better, but I've had much, much worse. For the price, which was about $45 with drinks, for two, I feel like we did get our money's worth. We'll go back if not for just the food but also to color.
4	Zink's American Kitchen is a classy little joint, I don't eat hamburgers, but I have heard that they have some of the best in Charlotte.  The service here was decent and they have delicious salads.  I thought that it was a bit expensive, but the atmosphere is nothing like any of the other restaurants in this area.  The waiters really know the menu pretty well here and some of my friends asked for recommendations and they all seemed pretty happy with the result.  I saw a lot of families around and all of the patrons seemed to keep the language pretty clean, so I would say it is safe for everyone.  It really has an older feel to it, which I like it is nostalgic of a time that I can't really point my finger on though.  This is an awesome place to begin a Friday night.
4	Zink is super cool. Right in the center of Uptown Charlotte, so it's easy to get  to, and easy to hit up before, after or FOR your dinner plans. It's definitely a swanky place, so be prepared. It feels like you're in a bigger city like New York or Miami when you're eating there, which is cool. Lots of young, attractive people, I guess. I always get their burgers, but apparently most of their options are good. My girlfriend really likes their sushi of all things. And their pizzas. Tons of options on a very diverse menu, so you can plan on being able to order anything your heart desires. Great drinks--and a great place TO drink, if that's what you're in the mood for. Definitely a "pre-game" type of place if you're looking to get sauced before hitting a livelier scene.
3	Zink is a pretty cool little place and I really dig the dark, mahogany, rich-looking red atmosphere.  The bar downstairs is low-key while the upstairs white tablecloth area caters to the sit-down, fine dining bunch.  I'm not much of an Uptown girl, so when I do hit up a place in the area, I like my experience to be good and Zink didn't disappoint.  We hung out in the bar area and shared a table full of small plates, including braised beef stuffed mushrooms, a yummy cheese plate, and some sushi selections.  The prices were fair for Uptown in my opinion and our service was top notch.  I personally enjoyed my dirty martini with jalepeno olives the best.  They have quite the martini menu and you can mix and match to create your personal concoction.  Good experience and I will likely be back.
4	'twas rather empty at 9:30pm on a Tuesday night but not entirely unexpected esp. after a holiday weekend.The menu is truly vast which makes ordering a dilemma even for those of us that usually feel a calling to certain dishes.  But we persevered...Warm-up: start: Lobster roll "sliders" - an order of these crustacean packed minis makes for a highly filling snack.  Not too much mayo makes for a semi-healthy app.Main Event: Cornmeal crusted soft shell crab over creamy corn with a side of veggies which seemed to be smothered in some sort of mashed potato or gravy sauce.  Crab was excellent although I'd prefer the veggies to be a tad less rich.Cool-down: Homemade s'moresA giant marshmallow enveloped the entire thing, sort of like an inside out mallomar.  Urban camping heaven.As with most southern dining experiences, portions are huge.Extremely well priced drinks ($5 vodka infusions down from $7!), $20 bottles of wine.
4	The people were really nice here. Great attitude from our waitress. The manager said hello a few times, Really nice, though it was empty which I feel made them more available to us. The food was great too. It wasn't quite 4 star food for me, the meat was quality for the most part, it tasted good and home cooked. Some things on my Sunday BBQ plate were great, the bacon salad, slaw, the bacon beans!, cheesy oricchette pasta instead of mac was a nice personal touch, but too dense in my opinion. Meats were aggressively seasoned with dry rub. Good family spot for sure, for that it would earn 4 stars alone. Fries could have been hotter.
3	A late afternoon lunch was very slow.  At 3pm it took almost 45 minutes to get two sandwiches and there were only six or eight more people in the restaurant.  And the receptionist was definitely a downer, very moody.  It's a swanky restaurant, so it's supposed to be fun, right?  It's ok to smile and laugh occasionally.Although the brioche bread was excellent, the pulled pork sandwich was very greasy and the turkey sandwich was slightly pink in the middle, and therefore a little scary visually, although we think it was ok.  We didn't get sick!  Having the thought that we didn't become ill as the most notable memory was not a good reason to remember the place.  That said, they have a massive selection of liquor in their bar, so I would definitely come back for a drink before trying the food again.
2	Zink, get it together.  We were here on a busy Sat night, and though our waiter was really friendly, he was the only one in the section of about 12 tables.  When he brought our water, it was still warm from the cleaning of the carafe.  Thinking maybe this was a regional thing, I looked around at our fellow diners, who all had cold water.  Seems like a small thing, but when we asked after the 3rd time, we just wondered if it was because we were so hot (literally) that the water just made itself warm...LOL.  Our hummus was less than stellar, and made me miss home.  We split Salmon and the portions were so tiny, it was like taking 2 bites.   Plus, they were served with fingerling potatoes...which creep me out.  On a good note, the atmosphere was nice and cozy, until these 4 very high maintenance women (also pissed about their warm water) sat inches from us.  They complained about the portions and size, and asked me if our waiter also mentioned he was having a bad night.  I'd be willing to give them a chance again, but I likely won't be back to Charlotte anytime soon.
3	First of all the food was super. New York strip was juicy with the side of onion rings drizzled with a slightly sweet and savory black'n'tan reduction. Yet, the atmosphere was confusing. I sat at the bar and then some street folk made their way in. They were there for some rme until they were escorted out by cops. So the bar was a bit on the shadey side although the dining room looked a bit more upscale. My visit left me feeling a bit of ambiguity...
4	Zink was great.There were so much I wanted to try on the menu but did not get a chance.  I ended up ordering 2 appetizers and that was it.  I'd definitely have to go back if I get the chance.   The lobster mac & cheese appetizer is yummy.  Very creamy and the cheesiness was perfect but I didn't get too many pieces of lobster meat.  I'm not sure why they have such a big sushi menu(?) but it was ok.  I tried the Philly roll and there were way too much cream cheese in it  But instead of a small piece of smoked salmon in the roll, it was placed on top of the roll so I got a lot of salmon!We sat at the bar and thought the service was a bit slow...
3	Done in the style of a speak-easy with Jazz Era influence, this posh little place is a great date spot. Located in Uptown next to Capital Grille. The food is very modern fusion and they do a good job with their Sunday Brunches.
3	A pretty unique setup, gotta say I got a little intrigued with the movie play on the drapery, pretty cool concept.I could not resist the urge and went for the burger, not the kinda place I normally get a burger but glad I did well worth it. Probably one of the best burgers I've had. I'll be heading back.
3	Went last night on Super Bowl before going to a show at the Belk Theater. Not bad but not great.We sat up at the bar figured it would be faster, we were wrong. the bartender with the "Porn Stache" was a little overwhelmed and didn't notice us sitting there for a good 7 mins. and then yells down to us he will be right there. Now they might have been short staffed but when we got there he had only 2 tables.I ordered the Brie salad that was good it had a Bacon Vinaigrette and then I had the Turkey burger with Swiss and Avocado and French Fries I liked it a lot!! A little messy but very good!!
3	SUSHI LOVERS BEWARE. You're about to enter a no-eat-sushi-zone! Instead order the Encrusted Baked Brie Salad with homemade apple jam (more like chunks) and mixed greens in a bacon vinaigrette. Sensational. My fiance's salad, the fresh spinach and candied pecans, sliced pear and sherry vinaigrette was good, too. What really stood out were the lightly breaded and fried GOAT CHEESE BALLS in that salad.  A-MAZING!!!!  This restaurant's design is considered "Speak Easy" as told by our knowledgable waitress. The ambiance is decadent. Deep shades of Reds, Browns, Black. Dim lighting but enough to see the menu.  Makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. Gorgeous HUGE light fixtures and a neat Hollywood style movie screen covered by a red curtain on the wall. The bread was flavored with garlic, or was it the butter? It was fresh and good. The filtered tap water from Charlotte proved to be good, too. Service was excellent from beginning to end.  The sushi, however, should be removed from the menu. or heavily ameliorated.  I ordered the Hot (Tuna) Pepper Roll, which was supposed to have tuna and avocado inside, along with a spicy red peppery sauce on top.  All I could see when the roll arrived (no it wasn't because of the dim lighting), and all I could taste (other than the Wasabi, soy sauce and ginger I smothered all over it) was RICE. After two bites and thoroughly disappointed (and not wanting to bloat up on lack of protein and too much white rice) I sent the roll back.  The fish tasted fresh. That wasn't the issue. But where the hell were they hiding it was the question. Damn Truth: The roll needs a helluva lot more fish and avocado and less rice. Got that, Sous Chef?  We also ordered the Rainbow roll. While it was good in flavor and the fish was no doubt fresh, it was lacking in the quantity deparment. Still a lot more fish than the other roll, nevertheless not $12.00 worth. Also, for experienced Sushi eaters- this is NOT first rate Sushi/Sashimi.  It's a 3.5 out of 5.  Surprise of all surprises was the COFFEE.  It was hot and fresh and tasted like a combo of Dunkin Donuts meets Starbucks.  Hot stuff!
2	First of all, they don't sell Pellegrino except in gigantic Costco sized bottles. What's with that? The service was crazy slow, but it wasn't hard to get a table. They have nice patio seating and a pretty good happy hour from 5-7pm which include drinks and food. Overall, would not return.Here's a run down of the food I tried:Complimentary Bread: Delicious. Unfortunately, it went downhill from here.Hummus: Did not like the hummus because it tasted weird and was really dry. Plus, the pita seemed kinda stale. Would not get it again.Tuna Sampler: Sounded like a great idea, but it was really not fresh at all. American restaurants need to not attempt to make sushi.Beet Salad: It was kind of missing ... beets. Lobster Mac n Cheese: Yum. Lobster and Mac n Cheese should always be paired together, but I wish there was more lobster. Sides: Spinach was SO SALTY oh god. The mushrooms and the orzo were not bad. Nothing to get excited over.Burger: I actually thought the burger was one of the better entrees. My only feedback on the burger is that I wish they had a different bun and that the beef was dried out and too well done.Trout: HUGE. Not bad, but I'm not a trout person. Trout is kind of a really mushy fish.Halibut: Well cooked but the flavors were kind of boring. The halibut was served over a bed of orzo. Maybe my flavor sensors got numbed from the salty spinach, but I thought this was boring.Roasted Chicken: There was more salt than chicken in this one. To make matters worse, it was really tough and dry.Chocolate Cake: Tastes like its from the grocery store. So dry and the icing wasn't even fully defrosted or something it was all just crumbling apart. The best part was the vanilla ice cream. Cupcakes: We got the platter of 3 which includes red velvet, chocolate, and pumpkin spice. The chocolate was by far better than the chocolate cake but nothing too exciting. I felt like they were really generic.Port: You'll want to get a bottle because it's like $30, but don't do it. Disgusting.
1	I used to go here often for business and the food is ok, really uneven, sometimes it's very tasty, start to finish, other times every single thing is tasteless or weird. My gripe is the service is AWFUL. The last time I will ever eat there, I went with a group of about 10 it was a flat out disaster and the manager clearly couldn't care less. Half the table got their food a good 15 minutes after the first half, after me hounding the manager up one side and down the other. I don't get it. I'm on a business lunch with an unlimited credit card, impress me. It was embarrassing and there are way too many restaurants Uptown to put up with that mess.
4	Trendy atmosphere, great patio to sit and watch the Charlotte night life. Had a blast. It isn't on the menu anymore but if you ask for it, they can still make it-roasted pepper hummus!!! Yum!!!
5	I was a little on the fence about a 4 or a 5 but the meal I had here was one of the best I've had ever. At first the service was a bit questionable but the waitress warmed to us or maybe we warmed to her and then everything was great.There is the "fresh, sustainable, (something)" menu item which is really the Chef's Special if you will. They had run out right before us but the chef changed his menu up and two of us ordered.The salmon was PERFECT and the best I have ever had. The freshness of the ingredients was more than apparent. It was basically Salmon with rice and etouffe and we loved it.For dessert, I honestly can't remember what I had but I enjoyed it. I should have written this review right after I went and not 2 weeks later. I just returned to NC again for business and it made me remember that I owed Zink a nice review! :)
1	I just called to make a reservation at Zink and they are no longer in business...bummer.  Their last day of service was July 31.  I hope something new shows up in this location because they had a great outdoor spot.
4	I ate at Zink at the new location in South Park and it was very good.  The food was delicious but expensive.  I went when it was pretty new so we had to deal with a big crowd, which I didn't like.  This restaurant may be reserved for special occasions only.
