5	Great food a little pricey but quality is awesome. $5 Gyro lunch special with fries is a steal. Owners are very friendly always a warm greeting with a smile. Their corned beef sandwich special is to die for.
5	Absolutely delicious. The pepperoni pizza lunch special with a drink quenched my drunken mess. And it wasn't good just because I was so buzzed. This was hot, cheesy, pepperoni, chewy crust deliciousness.  I also had a slice of the Buffalo pizza. Very spicy hot sauciness with big chunks of chicken. Only one refill is allowed...the only gripe I had.Nonetheless, I say YES to this.
5	My go-to lunch break spot!
2	Delivery Driver was really nice Pizza was pretty oily. Tasted good but later my stomach went sour.
5	I used the yelp monacle to find this place, and it was right across the street from where I was. I have driven by it a million times, and never even thought of stopping there. But I took a chance. They had an awesome deli menu, and sell boar's head meats there. But I was in the mood for pizza. I ordered a large pepperoni for my daughter, her friend and myself, and it was a giant new york style greasy pizza. Just the way I love it! I have been complaining for years that I can't find great pizza in vegas, but I guess I just gotta know where to look. If you like great cheese, grease that drips off your pizza....mmmmmm..... then this is the place for you. Also, since they serve boars head meats, im sure they make some great sandwiches too...if you want something a tad healthier. :)
1	Was OK. New owners new name. Stay away! Horrible!
4	There's nothing visually outstanding about this place. You walk in and it's basically a sandwich shop that has pizza too. I ordered a small cheese pizza for my kiddo and she was very happy with it. The crust was chewy in a good way and I liked the tangy-ness of the sauce. My 6 year old loved it. I liked that the crust didn't get soggy in the 30 minutes of taking it from the shop to the dinner table. It's a good local joint with a delivery option. I'll definitely be back for more.
2	Im honestly confused on what this place is? Its half deli/ half pizza? With weird movie posters on the wall? Ive had the pizza before, its OK. The place always seems to be a mess though, something a good days cleaning would help.
5	This place is really good on everything. Frank is a really nice guy, My wife and I just moved to Las Vegas. We have eat here 4 times now and ever time the food is hot and fresh. There desserts are really good as well we love this place!
