5	I know, you're thinking... a review of Target? Duh, we all know what Target is! Anyways, I come from California, and I have never seen a SuperTarget before. I guess it's like a WalMart Superstore, except I don't feel dirty when I leave SuperTarget. (P.S. I hate WalMart, and try to avoid shopping there as much as I can. ) SuperTarget is like regular Target + Supermarket + Optical store = everything I need. I'm basically pretty effin blind. This has been confirmed by my optometrist, who has said it a bit nicer than that, but we know when we get the super condesnsed lenses and they look coke-bottley that you're pretty effin blind. Anyways, Target optical is THE BEST. Their prices on frames and lenses are so reasonable, and their staff does not care if you spend hours, and literally, I have probably put on and tried over 50% of their frames to see if I'd like it and if it would be good for me (AKA my lenses would fit in it without it being too obvious that I'm Mrs. Magoo.) If you have any problems with it. I think they have a 90 day return policy, so you can go get another pair if you decide that you're not totally in love with the ones you already paid for. I can't say enough good things about Target Optical! I don't know why this place isn't any busier, but I guess cause it's sort of tucked away, but seriously, its worth it to go there if you want/need glasses.
5	Agree with the previous review. Something nice about this super target.  Leaving a review to back up the other!!My only gripe is I spend to much at Targer. Or my wife does anyway!!!
5	Love Super Target. Didn't even know it existed until recently. I wandered over to the bakery and deli Omg. They have a nice selection of sandwiches and salads. The bakery is amazing. One of the best places to get a slice of  double layer buttercream cake for only $1.99. Its a nice size slice so it'll take more than a day to eat unless you want a nice sugar rush. I prefer Super Target over the regular Target. So much better than Walmart. The Prices of the items are pretty good
5	Let me start by saying I live in Las Vegas but after shoping here several different occations, my wife and I would KILL for a SuperTarget back home, especially this one! The team members are super friendly here. Asked about a particular muffin over at the bakery and even though they did not carry that kind anymore, I wasn't even upset after having a nice conversation with the woman in that area. She struck up conversation and threw in some facts and asked how our drive was over the new Hoover Dam bridge. She could have just said "no" and moved along, but she went the extra mile that makes shopping at Target an always pleasant experience. Aside from that, SuperTarget is always clean, well stocked, brightly lit, and never too crowded, but doesn't feel like an errie ghost town either. And even though I don't care and would grocery shop here no matter what, I went across the street to the Walmart Supercenter one day to price compare a few things to shut up my friends, and SuperTarget more times than was actually cheaper than walmart. So let's see.... at SuperTarget people are friendlier, it is cleaner, there are not 900 carts and screaming children in your way, it is always stocked full, AND it's cheaper than walmart! Why would anyone ever consider going to poomart when they have a SUPER Target right there?! Not to mention the store has really fresh produce that always looks as if it were just placed out for you alone to see and look in awe. This location has a Photo Lab, Target Optical, a Pharmacy, Starbucks, Pizza Hut Express, full service deli and bakery, and 28 lanes to speed you on your way, literally! I've never waited in line more than like 35 seconds! Even found fresh oregano that my mother-in-law couldn't find at Frys or walmart. Do yourself a favor and GO HERE! Check it out! All SuperTarget stores are awesome, but this one has that extra little bit that makes the trip more than just a chore or errand. I love the Gilbert SE SuperTarget and promise you will too!
1	Deserve 0 stars for worst customer service employee! PAM is very rude. She was not helpful and she should not be working in customer service. I made a $400 purchase last week, and needed to return 4 of those items. I had my original receipt and she refused to give me full price for them because they were "seasonal" items (3 bags of plastic Easter eggs and one baby hat- which was technically not seasonal on the categorized receipt, it was a baby item) She kept refusing to give me full credit so I asked for her manager. She kindly gave me full credit just for the hat. The whole time, PAM was very argumentative and disrespectful. I then called corporate. I was livid. And they said "As long as it's within 90 days of purchase, I get a FULL refund!!" Soo to make a long story short; I'm going back, getting my FULL refund for those eggs! Total of $12 for something that could have been quick and easy, it definitely wasn't :( And I shop there at least twice a week, get my prescriptions filled there and even buy some of my groceries. Never once had a problem with the store or employees until tonight. I think it was just Pam!
4	I can buy most of the things I want here, sometimes I also go to the Walmart across the street to supplement.
5	I love Super Target!  This store has:  department store, groceries,1 hour photo, Starbucks, Pizza Hut Express, and probably more things I couldn't see. This store is so big that it's hard to see one end of the store from the next!Friendly service from both of the employees we encountered.  :-)
4	Nice clean store, friendly helpful employees most of the time.
4	The store is always clean and bright and everything is easy to find. I wish I could do all my grocery shopping here but some of the prices are just a little high and the produce selection isn't always the freshest. I am hoping that as it gets busier and more people realize how nice it is, these problems will sort themselves out! I would much rather do all my shopping here. I am a big fan of target!
5	Always have what I am looking for and the staff is always helpful. Even if a staff memeber is unsure where something is they always try to find the answer for you instead of just saying I am not sure, sorry.
1	I called the store to see if they Price Match which they claim they do but when asked if they would price match the item I wanted they refused to match the price.....  I'm confused do you or do you not price match?  (Maybe it all depends on how they feel about the item!)  I will be visiting the store A LOT LESS frequently now!
4	I think I come here once a week. I will choose it over Walmart across the street unless they're closed, like late at night. I like that it has a Starbucks also. There is usually less wait than at the Starbucks store in the same plaza. Who doesn't love Target, though?"Target, where people pay a little more to avoid having to go to Walmart!"
3	its Target. Cookie cutter operation. Nothing special or anything that sticks out making target the place for me. Guess it just depends on what I need and where I am. If targets the best choice depending on all the variables then so be it. Only thing I can say that I really like about targets is the fact that some of them have Starbucks in them. But guess what, they are limited on what they offer, well back to the drawing boards on finding that super awesome place that i would go out of my way for vs the huge conglomerates currently in place
5	This review is for today's visit. We came here to spend my daughter's birthday gift cards. She had $20. She found 2 monster high dolls which were advertised for 9.99 each. At the price scanner they scanned at regular price 19.99. We flagged someone down and without question the associate said he would honor the sale price which had ended the day before. The sign was supposed to be taken down. Thank you Target for doing the right thing! Many stores (like hobby lobby) would say.... Sorry! This is why I love target!
5	This Target location is my favorite.  It is always super clean, organized and efficient.  The Starbucks in the store is also wonderful.  There are always people to help you and they help guide you to open registers.  They actually have more than one open!  I just came from another Target North of this one and I stood at the Starbucks for quite some time with no recognition or associate in sight.  I saw a girl at a far register working but she just stood and gazed into the sun like she wasn't too interested in customers in the store.  I know it is more difficult to run slower stores.  People are spread thinner and those people better be able to work.  I ended up leaving the Starbucks in that Target to come here.  I am so happy to be here.  The pharmacy is fabulous and also the checkout girl.  She was so nice.  Well done David and team!
1	Love the store, NOT HAPPY with the new pharmacy system. Used to get all our prescriptions here at great prices. If a medicine costs less than my copay, they used to charge the actual, lower price. Not any more. Yesterday I had to pay my full $20 copay on a generic medicine that only costs $8. That's just not right. They will not be getting my pharmacy business any more!
4	I love target! I just have trouble finding someone to actually help me. I went to the one on power and southern, I believe, to get the Taylor Swift CD for me and my daughter. the young girl in electronics was super helpful. she actually walked me up front to where they were displayed and everything. In all of my years going to target I've never had that happen.
