4	Known as "OK" back when I was at school in Pittsburgh, this restaurant was the best for large groups (10-12) to share a big round table and share a good Chinese meal. Our regular dishes included fresh vegetables (do miao, bakchoy, bai chai), salty pork chops, salty squid, general tso's chicken, mapo tofu, and other dishes we would miss from back home. Also try the California Roll - it's not typical and has a bit of a Cantonese twist to it. Maybe it's the rice, but I think it's yummy. This place reminds me of a restaurant you can find in Chinatown or Flushing, NY. The food is pretty good, and if you're craving Chinese food (not the take out kind) OK can hit the spot.
4	Orient Kitchen, known as "OC" among the college students (I'm not quite sure where the C comes from), is traditionally the place where students go for large group dinner celebrations, but I've been there for just dinner as well before.  Dishes are usually ordered family style, which is everyone sharing multiple dishes; the usual suspects include salt and pepper squid, shrimp w/ mayo, chinese watercress (kong xing cai) or baby pea sprouts (do miao), and crispy fried milk.  Sometimes I've ordered their Peking Duck, but its nothing spectacular, China Palace serves up better Peking Duck.  Also their Twice Cooked Pork is also lackluster.OC has a decent liquor selection, and their drinks are relatively cheap at under 5 dollars each.Prices for dishes are typically in the lower to mid teens; a typical check tends to run around 20ish for those with larger appetites, drinks not included.OC is pretty good Canto food by Pittsburgh standards, but for people who are use to better options for Cantonese style Chinese food found in more Asian-populated cities, the food may leave more to be desired.
4	I really do dig this place for its yummy food and its very close to my work, so it is pretty convenient.  I usually end up getting the General Tso's Chicken possibly because I'm white, but also possibly because it is just that good. I'm starting to think there is something in the sauce!  I've eaten a few other things that have all been good, and the lunch menu is pretty extensive, and inexpensive.  They keep the free tea coming, and the service has always been good.  The only thing that turns me off a little to this place is the atmosphere, it is a little bit run down in the entry way and the dining area.  I'll definitely be going back again, maybe for some more General Tsos, or maybe after reading these reviews for the salt and pepper squid.
3	One of the better Chinese food restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is pretty authentic, and while they have your standard American Chinese food, they have some genuine-tasting Cantonese dishes too.
3	I admit that its nickname ("OK") made me smirk. Whoever christened it hit the nail right on the head.  This restaurant is above threshold, but only just.Its menu is classic Cantonese. The food is, on the whole, competently prepared. It's a good compromise between American-Chinese takeout and some more authentic flavors (e.g., a fish steamed in its entirety, head and all).  The quality/quantity to price ratio is not super. For example, the "fried duck with taro stuff" [sic] came with more taro "stuff" than duck. The pieces are served atop a big mound of shredded cabbage to make the plate seem more plentiful than it actually was.  The taste is good, but I'm not sure if it's $15 good. The fried tofu and scallop balls had more tofu than scallops, and the scallops were not of the best quality.  The whole fish, though I like it, is too expensive for what it is ($24 for flounder; $30 for sea bass). The service is prompt and, in its own way, friendly. There is no ambiance to speak of, though that's not what people come here for. I have some reservations about the cleanliness of the kitchen (it has the look of LA restaurants that get B or C on their hygiene grade cards[*]), but I'm not so worried as to not eat here.Summary: Comparing "OK" with other nearby Chinese restaurants, I think I prefer Rose Tea and Ka Mei a smidgen more.[*] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restaurant_rating#Sanitation.
4	I love the salt & pepper squid here.  Shrimp with mayo is good, but the portion is too small for the price.  I'm used to the way it's prepared in NY/NJ restaurants -- with almost twice as many jumbo shrimp, rather than with slightly smaller-than-jumbo shrimp.  Had 4 entrees and the crispy milk dessert between 4 people.  The flavors were all there, even in the tofu dish that's called Buddha's Delight or something or other.  The price worked out to exactly $15 per person, including tip and tax, which is OK but I think $12-13 would've been more appropriate.  I like coming here with Asian people so I can get tofu dishes without being met by uneasy faces.  It definitely made for a good dining experience and I'm willing to overlook the pricing since I get homesick for the traditional Chinese family-style dining experience with real Asian food and Orient Kitchen does a pretty damn good job of hitting the spot.  It probably won't be competitive if it was located in NY or NJ where the restaurants are more authentic Cantonese and have a larger menu, but it would put up a very good fight.  It suffices in Pittsburgh, though.
4	A good place to go to for more authentic Chinese (Cantonese) food.  All of the staff are Cantonese, I believe.  This place is decently sized, and it has a drink menu and a sushi menu.  And thank goodness, there is a small parking lot, because we all know that parking is very, very sacred in the area around CMU/Pitt. My favorite dish: Their Bok Choy (or bai cai) is amazing.  Seasoned just the right amount, neither too salty or too bland!  It's oily but not dripping with oil.  I love it, I could eat a whole plate of this.  The duck is pretty decent too, although it's a bit high on price - about $17 for half a duck, $22 for a whole duck!  But the taste may be well worth it because I haven't really gotten this style of duck anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  Some of the dishes are questionable - they look more like American Chinese style, dripping with strange orange/red/brown sauce but there aren't too many of these.Recommended for people craving more authentic Chinese food in Pittsburgh, and we all know how hard that can be to find.
4	I first went to Orient Kitchen in autumn of 1994. My college friend Bany showed me it. At the time they were still located on Semple St. in South Oakland. We often went there for the amazing lunch specials, back then for literally $3.00 or $3.50  you could get an awesome nice sized aluminum container filled with steamed rice, your lunch choice and covered with a plastic lid to keep it piping hot. And a can of pop for $0.50. My favorite selection was chicken with baby bok choy in a clear garlic sauce or shrimp with egg (the egg was broken over top the rice and shrimp and was cooked by the heat!); mmm such happy memories.
4	This place has been a staple in my life ever since I moved to the city. To the untrained eye, the menu looks fairly simple - standard chinese favorites, a basic sushi menu - no big deal, right? Wrong. This is as close as you're going to get to authentic Chinese in the city. Fresh seafood (a rarity for Pburgh), traditional dishes on a rotating specials menu and amazing hot pots are what you can expect to find. I recently tried the basil chicken with crispy milk, and I'm addicted. Sweet, slightly crunchy milk balls paired with a flavorful brown sauce and crunchy sauteed basil are an unexpected match made in heaven. It's not on their everyday menu, but it's always worth asking if they're able to make it. (this place is great for off the menu offerings if you know what you're asking for)If you're a veggie lover (or even on the fence), the buddah wrapped vegetables are a must. An assortment of crunchy Chinese veggies are baked in tofu skin and doused with a rich dark sauce - its unlike anything I've had before. So good! And I kind of hate meatless dishes. The hot pots are are always a sure bet. The pork, fish, and tofu with veggies may sound like a mismatched assortment of whatever, but they work their magic. Oh yes, they work their magic. It's my favorite, but that being said, you can't go wrong with any of their hot pot offerings. Shit is dope.I could go on and on about all the amazing things Orient Kitchen has to offer, but they're open till 11 most nights, so you're better off figuring it out for yourself.
3	The food is pretty good Chinese food, though our waitress had a lot of attitude.  We came here for a postdoctoral fellow in my department leaving.  There were ten of us.  I ordered the sweet and sour chicken under the impression that we would eat food family style.  There was a Lazy Susan at our table for sharing too.  However, food on the lunch menu comes with rice on the place, and it is not very easy to share with.  The lunch items are $6.50 and come with salad.  My egg drop soup was very good, though the sweet and sour chicken is probably what you would expect of fried food.  When we came in, the waitress complained about how we had reserved a table for 12:30 PM, but showed up at 1:30 PM.  Our administrator said that she had reserved it for 1:30 PM.  "It's never crowded here.  Only on the holidays.  Next time, don't call me."  As we ordered food, a few people needed some extra time and she rolled her eyes.  I thought she had to be the owner to have that kind of attitude, so I asked her if she was.  "Do you have a problem.  I'm just a worker here.  I'm not the boss."  Wow.  I think her attitude got a little better after that, but still...One of my colleagues said that his wife and he come here a lot, and that waitress always has an attitude.
2	I picked this place because the Yelp reviews were positive and it said they deliver. They don't.  While I'm not expecting the most amazing Chinese food ever to exist in Pittsburgh, this was a disappointment even by my low standards.  They forgot a soup, substituted one of the entrees for another which was apparently created only out of fried chicken skins (based on the texture, appearance, and flavor...says my husband, I was uninterested in trying it), and everything generally lacked flavor.The search continues.
4	I went here last week with my friends. We decided to go here because I hit the limit of wondering what the food tastes like at this restaurant after passing by this place for an year and in fact, I live 3 min away from here by walk. The reason I avoided this restaurant is all I heard about this place is that their food sucks. I love the food here and so do my friends. I guess everyone has different taste or ppl just chose the wrong menu. We ordered General Tso's chicken, Twin flavored fried rice, and Half fried chicken in garlic sauce. General Tso's chicken- this menu tastes slightly different in every Chinese restaurant. At Oriental kitchen, it tasted a little different but very delicious. Twin flavored fried rice [half chicken & half shrimp]- I do not recall the exact name of the menu but it was sth like that... anyways... whatever it is called IT IS DELICIOUS! OH MY! It was just... it wasn't fried rice. It was more of sauce on the rice bed. It was moist and never-seen-before fried rice. Chicken in garlic sauce- I don't recall the name of the dish exactly but this on was fabulous! The skin was slightly crisp and inside was tender with perfect sauce. Overall, I had a whole new experience of Chinese food at this place. When I think of Chinese food, it's greasy, so I get sick of eating it a little after I start eating it and regret eating it after wards. However, that was not the case this time. It was so good couldn't stop eating and eventually finished all! yay! The only downside was they close at 10pm or so and we went there for dinner and they wanted us to leave at like 9:45 but oh, well!
5	Try the salt baked squid.  Seriously, try it.  You won't find a better place.  Even if you don't like squid, try it.  I don't like squid and this dish doesn't remind me that I am eating tentacles.  It is salty with a slight crunch.  I haven't found a place that make salt bake squid this good.  I go to this place and order this dish each and every time.  Beware though, you'll get addicted to it.I also tried their beef lo mein dishes and I like it as well.  I don't like their beef chow fun.  Lulu's is better for that. I do like their sushi as well.  I mainly get the Philadelphia rolls.  I enjoyed it.Overall, I like this place but there are some things that they can fix.  Tables are sometimes sticky.  They reuse the chopstick wrapper. But honestly, I haven't had any explosive diarrhea from this place so I'm going to keep going back.
1	Our lunch tasted great, the service was fast but Our waitress was obnoxious. The major issue I had was that my friend clearly and concisely stated that she was allergic to fish and had a seafood allergy. She ordered a benot box and was subsequently served crab and shrimp tempura. She told the waitress she would become ill, and the waitress started mumbling/complaining and just walked away. She came back a few minutes and asked how was everything, and my friend explained her allergy, the waitress started arguing saying she knows the menu and fish is not seafood. We were polite throughout and i just asked for the menu so my friend could order something else. Then she said i will change to vegetarian. Entertaining but strange. Not to mention, prior to the strange fish incident, the waitress raised her voice and scolded a two year old for using chopsticks as drum sticks... At the time there weren't other patrons in the room... The noise was only mildly annoying and she only made the noise for about 20 seconds, I was re-directing when the waitress pretty much yelled at my child. That being said, unlike many moms, I sincerely encourage other adults to reprimand my child, so the reprimand would have been welcome, had it been either polite or professional. The booster seats hadn't been cleaned from prior use. This was the first time in my life that I considered not tipping, but we decided to tip regardless of the obnoxious attitude. I really loved the Chinese broccoli at this place but I won't return after this embarrassing service. Also the food was brought back on the same plate, if my friend had a more serious allergy, the contamination could have made her sick. Luckily her throat doesn't close up, it just gets itchy when she has seafood.The waitress kept calling us lady in a most obnoxious tone, it was a strange lunch. She was so unbelievably rude, it was entertaining. She was quite nice to the business men who came in when we were about to leave. I am not sure what her issue was, but I won't be back to find out!
2	I'm sorry but my latest experience here has been horrible.  We always come here for the salt bake squid.  Going on about 10 years now. Today we received it and it looked horrible.  It was a dull/dark orange color instead of a light orange color.  It was overcooked and had a burnt taste.  Obviously, the quality of today's meal wasn't the same as our previous visits. When the owner walked by, we asked if the squid was old today.  She said no, it's always fresh and that lots of people order salt bake squid today with no problems.  She said its the same chef, same squid, same way.  We told her we're not very happy with it today.  She seems frustrated by it.  She tried one then spit it back out.  She said she'll bring us another plate.When the new plate came, it looked exactly like the previous, dull orange.  We expected she either gave us back the same plate or the chef did a bad job a second time around. This time she mentioned it was a different chef.What made it awkward is that she told us next time don't order the salt bake squid.  Because it is a hassle to cook and we should just eat what we get.  That just made things awkward for us.  We understand she doesn't want to lose money but we don't want to pay for something that we feel is low quality.  We reaffirm that money isn't the issue and we will gladly pay for the second dish, which the owner rejected.  The rest of the meal she didn't come back to our table.Her English is weak so maybe she didn't mean the way she meant when she told us not to order it next time.  We gave her a 40% tip that covered the 2nd dish and more.  But this experience left a bad taste in our mouths.  We're looking for salt bake squid alternatives now.
3	Quiet place, good sushi, not a great atmosphere, not crowded, suishi not rolled very tight, but I will go back.
4	This place is probably one of the more authentic tasting Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh. Don't order your typical american-chinese dishes like General Tso or that sweet and sour bs. That is not real chinese food. Get the salted-squid, and stir-fried chinese brocilli, the razor clams, the seafood soup, etc. I basically ask for whatever popular dishes the chinese customers eat. Closest thing to china-town food in Pittsburgh.  The places isn't the nicest place though. But then again, most places that are fancy, do not have authentic chinese food. lol
4	I've lived in Pittsburgh for 7 years, and I have been very dissapointed overall with the options for chinese food.  If you're looking for an authentic chinese food place that has all the options (chinese green veggies are my fav!), look no further.  Great place. My only complaint is that they stopped offering brown rice recently.
1	The waitress/owner is the worst I have ever experienced.  Sure, her English is bad, but her attitude is worse.I went in with allergies/a cold after 3pm. yesterday evening, hoping to get a soup to comfort me.  She tossed the menus on the table remarking that she was doing me a favor by placing the lunch menu on the table, even when lunch was technically over.She went away and chatted in Chinese with the nearby table.  She came back to my table and I wasn't ready.  It took her 10 minutes to return.  She turned up her nose at me, and began chatting (loudly) with the sushi chef.  My body language showed I was ready, but she came over when she was good and ready.I said that I wanted soup, and asked her for her recommendation, since I was feeling under the weather.  I guess she was disappointed in my order.  She refused to apply herself to the question, giving short, sharp answers, avoiding eye contact, and then stating, "Everyone is different," so a recommendation was not possible.  She left again for an extended period of time.  I had time to look around at the dirty carpet.  She brought no tea or water.I asked about the spring rolls; were they fried?  She tried to educate me on Chinese cuisine versus Thai with such attitude.  "Excuse me?" I thought to myself, "Does Orient equate with Chinese?"I asked if she had ginger tea.  She said there was only one tea in a yelling tone, and I had better be okay with that!Finally I ordered the Miso soup.  It came in a very small bowl and was not hot enough.  I asked for the tea twice, since it appeared she did not hear me.  She barked at me with the equivalent, "Alright already."  She plopped it on the table.  Later, when I was finished with my soup, she put her fingers all over the tea nossle.  That was effective in making me leave promptly.  Again, my body language communicated, "Check please!" but she chatted with the sushi chef, never letting him get a word in edgewise.I waited another agonizing 5 minutes for the check and left a 1cent tip.  I mumbled "Never again!" as I left, determined to never frequent this establishment, and to discourage all of my friends and family to steer clear.  As I drove around the back, the kitchen staff stared at me in an unwelcoming manner.I had never had such an experience at a restaurant in my life before.
5	Yo! I love cheap chinese food! This place is pretty cheap and it's Chinese! It even tasted good! Unreal! General Tso, you my boy!
3	Get the salt-baked fried octopus! This the the best dish there.Avoid the short ribs in black pepper sauce; 'twas quite rubbery and bland.
4	Food tastes good, though it's just another less-than-authentic Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. Don't be dissapointed. I'm just comparing it with the restaurants in China. It's doing quite good compared with other Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh. The biggest problem is that there were really few waiters. Perhaps we didn't arrive at the right time, about 2pm... Perhaps we should say we were lucky it was still open.
3	Food seemed very authentic compared to the grease filled Chinese options in Oakland. The steamed dumpling appetizers were chewy and delicious. I enjoyed the black peper-sauced ribs but the beef hot pot and cooked spinach dishes were a little bland but still good. Like others here have been saying, the waitress (owner?) had quite an attitude on her. Her tone is short and a little angry and her English is very poor. Based on food quality alone, I would return.
1	I can't remember the last time a hostess/server's demeanor was as poor as the lady's at Orient Kitchen. The food isn't bad, but that lady's attitude is TERRIBLE.  I went here for lunch today and was compelled by her obnoxiousness to post a review.  First it was the stare when I asked for a glass of water for my friend.  No acknowledgement of received request.  No response to "thank you" when she brought it.  When it came time to pay, my friend and I battled for the bill with credit cards, for all of 30 seconds.  The lady loudly sighed as she went to process the payment.  With basic courtesies like this on display, I'm amazed Orient Kitchen remains in business.  Their lunch special is reasonably priced at $6.50, but I'll gladly vote with my wallet and go elsewhere to eat.  I'd rather support a place that wants its customers to return, or at least pretends it does.  If you're thinking of going to Orient Kitchen, I suggest walking a few steps more.  Chipotle is right next door, their food is just as good, same price, and their counter servers are way friendlier (at least the 2 times I've been there).
4	I have known the owners of this place since I was in middle school. The salt and pepper squid is my favorite dish there. People have said that they cannot find it anywhere else that that makes it the way they do. They might have the most authentic dishes in Pittsburgh. They are one of the very few places with live seafood in the store for customers to choose from. Prices a bit high especially if your a college student, but well worth it in my opinion.
5	Oh my goodness... where to even begin.I've been going to OK for years now, and I still go/love this place until today! Love love love. The salt and pepper squids, steamed seabass and oysters & lobsters are seriously TOO delicious! No joke. Maybe I really like seafood but those dishes are the bomb dot com! Mmmm. My boyfriend and I been going here for so long, the owners just know what we gonna order. I know some people had bad first experience with the owners, but to us they're extremely friendly, nice, and outgoing. I do agree that the price might be a bit high for some, but with the quality and quantity of their foods, especially here in Pgh, it's pretty darn yummy so we don't mind! Def a must try if you're in the area =)
2	The lady who runs the service here is extremely rude. Pretty sure she's only not rude to people who speak Cantonese. For every little thing we asked her, she started scolding us in Mandarin.I came here once with a large group and my friend and I were ordering for everyone. We were just discussing possible dishes to get and she wrote down everything we said even though we haven't actually ordered it. We didn't realize this until the food was brought out. We didn't want to argue with her so ended up paying for everything.We also thought we ordered too much and just wanted to ask if we could take a dish off the order. She started yelling at us when we were only asking if it was possible. Extremely bad attitude and very obnoxious.The food here is also not that great. A lot of the dishes we ordered was pretty flavorless. And I'm talking about their "authentic" dishes, not their Americanized ones. Their salt and pepper squid was good, though it's hard to mess that up. Can definitely get better authentic Chinese food elsewhere.They also cater for large parties in their upstairs dining area. Do not do this. They overcharge for parties by serving subpar food and charge a certain price per person.
4	We go for the good food, the green vegetables are wonderful, but we go for the theatre of abuse too, a bonus when we are up for it. We warned our guest how volatile the lady of the house is, and how delicate she should be in her questions. She wanted to be sure that the vegetable dishes had no meat stock or fish paste, so she asked if the lady of the house knew what was in the Chinese vegetables!  Like dropping a bomb - the madam launched into her invective about how long she'd been a chef and how she knew everything, and so on, and more, much of which slid by in the barely intelligible rant....The food was good, the theatre even better, what a deal!
1	This is the first time I'm writing a review because I want to save all the people who is deciding on trying out this place. They have such poor service. The old guy is very rude. I asked him for water and he told me that they only serve tea and no water. I asked for a dessert menu and he was very rude when he told me that they doesn't serve desserts. For some reason, when I tried paying the check through my credit card, it didn't go through. He started shouting at me like I'm going to run away from that place without paying up. I completely lost it when this happened. I just bit my teeth, controlled myself and paid in cash and got out of that place. I'd rather eat in a place with bad food if the servers and waiters are hospitable and kind. WORST RESTAURANT I'VE EVER BEEN TO!
2	the owner is nice when you go in during the week but the weekend you can forget about it! she will make you order fast and cut off what you want to say lol! typical at asian restaurants but the food is pretty good but of course you're in pittsburgh you can't compare to ny, philly, cali etc you get the picture. I like the steamed oysters, stir fried lobster, calamari and their steamed fish! Oh not to mention rice is $1.00 extra per bowl...which I think should come with the amount of food you order, don't you think? :)
3	I would give 4 stars for food (if you are looking for Cantonese food, specially fish dishes.) They have  a lot of selections of seafood and most dishes here are served in a big portion. However, if you are not familiar with the menu and don't speak Cantonese, you are likely to get bad experience with their service. As many reviewers mentioned, the lady owner is likely to be rude. That's why the overall review stars goes down to only 3. To avoid this bad experience, don't expect that you will be treated like a typical good restaurant should do. Think that the rudeness is her style (even it's not acceptable). Just ignore her bad service. Don't ask her too much about the menu, but a few questions are still ok. Don't rush her. If you are not in a good mood, don't go there. If you won't go with Chinese friends and want to explore some unfamiliar dishes, you should do some research or check out their menu first.Some recommend dishes:Peking DuckSalted Baked Squid with Hot PepperSalt Baked Pork ChopSeafood in bird's nest (Stir fried seafood with vegetable served in a deep fried taro basket)Shrimp with mayonnaise (deep fried shrimps  tossed in sweet mayonnaise)Half Boiled Chicken with Ginger Sauce (bone in) (tastes like you dip boiled chicken in a soy sauce mixed with ginger)Etc.
5	Best california rolls in the city. Always soft and top quality ingredients. Yes the lady is rude but maybe just try and look over the menu before you go so you know exactly what you want so you don't have to bother asking questions and waiting. She honestly doesn't really bother me because the food is always good and that's all that matters to me, and I don't mind getting up to go find her if she takes too long with the check. I'm there for the food, not to be treated like a queen. Their dumplings are also delicious steamed or fried. I have been coming here since I was in 6th grade to get an order of california rolls and fried dumplings and it NEVER disappoints. The sushi chef is a very nice, clean dude.
4	One of the most authentic places to get Chinese food in the city. I've heard of servers being rude but had no such experience, they were quite curt though.Went with a friend. We ordered salt and pepper squid, spinach w/ garlic and crispy chicken with dry garlic oil.The flavors were spot on, authentic Cantonese.
