3	Love classy jewelry?  This is a wonderful place to go!  Even better because they just remodeled the space.Gold (14K, 18K, white, chocolate, black, etc), silver, platinum, diamonds - sure, they have all of those.  Titanium, stainless steel too.  Colored gem stones and pearls and high end watches (sorry, "timepieces") of course.  Selection is mostly classic design but there is some selection with an modern edge.Five stars because jewelry is almost my favorite thing on earth (rivaling food, wine, air, chocolate and Yelp).  Down one star for value - high end designs are priced like high end designs.  Down one star for parking - the lot is practically on Providence Road.  Park on the side road, you'll thank me when you try to leave.
3	I actually did some work for Morrison Smith in another life (many, many years ago - don't tell anyone just how long ago that was).  It's also when they were but a tiny store, tucked into one end of the current location.  In yet another tale, I bought my wife her engagement ring at their other location (now closed) in the Arboretum location.Now they've expanded this place in size - but as mentioned previously, the parking stinks, and because you're right on Providence Road, you have to back into some crazy traffic.  Solution? Definitely park on the side of the store.As to the store itself?  It's hit-or-miss.  The quality of the product is definitely good, bordering on great, but the staff can make it or break it.  Our favorite salesman left a long time ago, and those left can be a bit off-putting at times. Because we probably aren't really the typical clientele, they don't usually seem to want to spend much time with us.In many cases, prepare to drop some cash - or at least look like you will - or deal with the lack of service. One thing that is better-than-average is the after-the-sale service. Once you buy something, you can get cleanings and such pretty much forever.
5	I just bought my 40th birthday ring from Chuck Smith, and I must say they did a wonderful job.  I am very picky, and it has taken me since August of 2011 to find the right jeweler!  I literally looked at all the jewelers in town, on the web, even in California.  Chuck was very professional, ethical, honest and definitely knows what he is talking about.  I did not feel he was trying to make a quick sale, but really took the time so that I made the right choice.  Thank you so much to everyone at Morrison Smith, you all will be my lifelong jewelers and look forward to doing business with you all again!!
5	I recently went through the engagement ring purchasing process, which was ultimately fulfilled using Morrison Smith Jewelers. I was absolutely shocked by the exemplary level of service that I received, especially given my budget (which was relatively limited). Not once was I pressured to spend more, and in fact I was encouraged not to spend money "for the sake of spending it". There was a genuine desire to construct a special piece of jewelry tailored to align with my girlfriend's (now my fiance) personality and taste, which the staff helped to uncover by asking thoughtful questions about her. They even met with me after hours to accommodate my work schedule.  The ring that was delivered is absolutely stunning. In my fiance's words (a direct quote): "I've never even seen a ring this beautiful!" I will be forever grateful for the guidance and expertise provided by Morrison Smith Jewelers and for the token of my affection for my fiance that they provided.  -Nate
5	Having visited Morrison a few times, I've had mostly great experiences. Let's get the not-so-great out of the way. There was one visit, looking for a wedding band, where a young associate kept showing me bling when I kept asking for plain bands. All other visits, though, the staff has been respectful, responsive, and very helpful. I ended up finding the setting for my engagement ring here with the help of one of the associates. I was looking for something simply but unique and she nailed it! My ring even came in early and the associate called me to be sure I could have it as soon as possible, without us even asking! My mother-in-law had joined me for one of my ring trips and, since then, has driven across town specifically to go to Morrison. She's had several pieces appraised here and recommended my brother-in-law and future sister-in-law use them for their rings. They did and ended up with exactly what they wanted with no hassle. Morrison has a good selection, including estate jewelry, for both men and women. The prices are reasonable. The staff is wonderful to work with, especially when you're stressing over wedding stuff. They answer any questions you have and keep you informed. What you buy here you can get cleaned for free (My rings are quite overdue for a cleaning).
5	Purchased my custom engagement ring here and was not disappointed. Very attentive service and an exceptional product. They refit the ring after the proposal and turned it around the same day. We will return for our bands and I will keep them in mind for any anniversaries. Money well spent.
