4	I'm going to be honest (And not just cause they asked to be so on fb). I like this store. Its one of my favorite stores actually. It ranks up there next to urban outfitters for me. This store is a true botique and the closest to the skate/surf/snow shops back home in Cali. At least the brands and styles of clothes. I don't shop here often though, cause Niche is expensive. What I especially like is that they carry one of a kind clothing. This is the ONLY store that I know of that sells Head Porter!! (I think the only other place in America is the Head Porter store in NYC, but I'm VERY likely wrong lol). Now, I for one would not purchase a $400 Head Porter wallet, but they look cool as hell and the stores even cooler for carrying it. =) Nikes, Adidas, Claes, Vans, you can find them all here. Not just any Nikes, but limited editions, Air Force Ones and all that good stuff. Too bad I'm more of a vans and chucks kinda guy, =( Niche also carries Kid Robot stuff and Obey - Who doest like Obey?? If you've got money to blow like Birdman and Drake, you dress hip and trendy, like kicks, this is the place to shop! You won't find any douchebag Ed Hardy or Rock N Republic here though, so step off. lol I haven't been to too many boutiques around town, in fact I don't even know if there are any others. Either way, Niche is a good store, esp for peeps like me who just like what looks good and not what they see Jersey Shore's The Situation wearing. They might have trendy clothing, but they carry limited selections so you can be confident that the dude next to you at the bar won't be wearing your same T. I don't have too many complaints about the store, except for two really big ones. The location in south end has jack squat. Lots of shoes to choose from, but as far as clothes, pretty slim. Women's clothing - I have no clue. I think they got some, but the selection might be skinnier than Mary Kate. It kinda looks like an empty closet after someone moved out...jk. And some of the prices are high, but heck - that's what you pay for with quality and designer labels!Niche - Great store, but please please beef up your clothing selections!
5	Niche is an awesome streetwear store in Charlotte ran by some good people. Bobby and his crew are helpful and will point you in the direction of some stuff that will make you seem cooler to your friends. Its located in an area with other cool stores near by, and some great food right down the street, so come spend some time in the area and definitely stop by Niche. The only issue with Niche could be limited selection, but this really isn't their fault, it comes with the territory of limited edition streetwear. The products and brands you find here you won't find at your run of the mill "streetwear" store in the mall. ( HUF, Head Porter, high quality denim, and two of my favorite brands Mishka, and Flying Coffin, and thats just the beginning of the awesome brands they stock) If you want to grab the newest gear, keep checking their blog for new product arrivals or just stop by the store weekly. They also have a solid online store that I've used a few times with no issues, which gives you another way to get things before they sell out in store.So if you want to grab some cool shoes, clothes, or home accessories in Charlotte, Niche is the place to do it.
3	So I've never been to the actual brick and mortar store but I have ordered from the site before as well as a couple of friends of mine. Shipping is too expensive though if you're ordering under $100 -- it's $11.55. I don't see why stores choose to ship with UPS when USPS is SOOOO much cheaper and SO QUICK compared to UPS. USPS gives discounts to businesses (plus you can stuff a lot into a $6 priority mail flat rape envelope) AND with priority mail, your package will get to you within 2-3 business days. UPS takes over a week which is totally unnecessary -_-  On the bright side, customer service was great, and the biggest plus of this store-- which a lot of other streetwear boutiques lack-- is that they represent the ladies. unfortunately their stock of women's clothing is not that great (not a lot and not the best) but they have a decent selection of women's footwear. a lot of stores only cater to men so it is refreshing that they do carry size 6y and under. i'd like to see them carry a wider range of women's strsetwear brands, such as hellz bellz, dimepiece, or MOB. in terms of shoes i'd like to see more vans, keep, and perhaps some rare nikes. even if they don't sell in-store, they would definitely get business online. I would like to see them grow and expand :)
4	Great shop, selection is sparse, but I like options carried.  Definitely brings personality you can't find at Southpark.
4	Even though Niche changed ownership and reopened in October of 2010, it's still a great shop in South End. Clarification - it's one of the very few retail outlets in South End. While the selection isn't vast, Niche picks some sweet offerings to showcase. Staff has always been friendly and let's you look around without buggin' you - appreciate that. While I don't typically venture over to the dudes' side, expect skater and hip man brands in footwear and clothes from Nike, Adidas, Etnies, Huf, Vans, Quicksilver and A.P.C. On the chicks' side, you'll see BB Dakota, Jack by BB Dakota, Blank denim and more. If you're not familiar with those particular brands, expect $30-$100 per item. I also saw a bit of affordable and pretty jewelry hanging around some random mannequins. So, Niche is definitely a cool spot to stop in South End. I would love to see a bit more merchandise in quantity and variety, but that's just one shopper's wish. And hey - they also update their blog frequently with cool pics, new mech and sale info. Check out Niche and park carefully in South End :)
4	Stopped in the other day and although the selection was less than vast, the items of clothing that hadn't already been purchased were awesome. For the women, the inventory is heavily bb dakota, jack by bb dakota, and gentlefawn. (and possibly many belles down?) some were stickered 30% off and they also had a trunk of 50% which had some pretty cute pieces it in as well.  the jewelry selection was light - but great pieces; necklaces & bracelets along the dressing room wall, necklaces under the glass in the table, and a few smaller pieces up at the counter. there were a few pairs of heels, and a pair or two of women's vans. I dont think I saw an item over $100, I'd say most ranging from $30 - $70. Customer service was exactly at the level you'd want in this store (or at least what I was looking for). Brief conversation upon entering, a bit here and there about current sales as we started to browse, a comment on an item that had grabbed our attention, friendly but nothing overbearing. With this level of inventory I don't need someone to help me find my size or breathing down my neck to see if I've overlooked a piece they think I might like... everything is organized and very visible. I feel like to get the most out of this store I'd either have to check back often or subscribe to a newsletter/facebook page/etc. Not only to get updates on sales but since it seems their pieces come in and sell out rather quickly, it's the only way to avoid walking in and only finding the wrong size in an item you really like. (And I think I'll do that now) Overall definitely a place I'll add to my list of shopping destinations in Charlotte.
5	This is one Cool place!  I love it and the clothes and shoes - My nieces loved it (two real dogs to play with)!  Today was only my third time visiting this store and just my second visit since the change over!
3	While I miss the Niche when Bobby & Jenn owned it, Adam & Stephanie continue to keep things fresh. A total makeover & new brands to be exact. The decor is something like 50's / 60's / americana / classic style.Adam, Stephanie & Myk  are really friendly & helpful.  Now don't  go in thinking you'll have a huge selection, as the shop is small. And the prices are pricey...but remember, these are high end brands.  If you're looking for some unique threads, look no further than Niche.
4	It had been a couple years since I last shopped in Niche. You could say my style isn't really the hard-street-skater look and a few years ago all they carried were men's clothes...so I stayed away...until now! After walking past and peering into the window, something shiny and gold caught my eye! What's this?! Jewelry...and it looks like for the ladies and something I'd wear...so I went in to get to the bottom of this mystery. Sure enough, they now carry a selection of women's clothing and jewelry. While I wouldn't wear everything they had on display, I sure found a great dress that had a slightly rocker edge due to the fabric, but still had a soft style due to ruffles. *mine*The guy owner was really friendly and took extra time in steaming my dress. I had a great shopping experience and I was pleasantly surprised by the new additions.
