5	3 statues performing on a platform right in the waterfall in the Palazzo Shoppes?HAHA!So funny but this was entertaining! Tons of people gathered around the fountain to watch them perform. I didn't stay for the whole thing and just caught glimpses of it as I walked by. I just found it funny that the status shot water out of their hands. Yay for water guns!!There were performances on the hour from 12p-6p. I'm not sure if it's daily but I caught the show on Sunday.
4	I work here. I'm not the artist but.. i was joking with the security guards who walk with the performers. I asked if i could knock on the of the girls down on the stilts so i could have her job.Three ghostly walking statues come by then the as one tourist said weeds on stilts or i like to call em treebeards(lotr anyone?) parade around the shoppes. The performances go everyone hour and half according the the security gard. again, where do i sign up for that job??
5	The show was pretty entertaining. Three people dressed and moving as statues on a platform in front of the waterfall at Palazzo. They shoot water from their hands and such. It definitely draws people in like the Sirens, but less dangerous. After they finish the show, the security guards help them off the platform and they walk around the shops to the second floor where 2 people are dressed as moving trees and such. It's similar to the Statues at the Forum at Caesar's Palace but without all the talking. Quite cool.
4	MUST SEE!Btw, does anyone know the title of the song or songs?
3	I didn't quite understand.A little creepy with the music and statue ladies.But amazing costumes and makeup, nonetheless. The tree lady was a trip.Frankly, I got a little bored and wandered over to a casino war table.Pics uploaded.
5	I was walking with my friend checking out the new Palazzo when was stumbled on crowd. Out of curiousity we took a peek and saw 3 women moving to harp music dressed as garden statues. I didn't know what the show was about and what it's trying to show us. I'm thinking an enchanted forest or garden with plants blossoming into beautiful women.
