5	This store is exactly what the southside has needed! Casual, wearable vintage clothing for guys and girls and the prices are great. The guys section is filled with cool, cheap t shirts, everything from 80's hair metal band shirts to old steeler shirts from back in the glory days. I'm happy to see there are more clothing boutiques opening in the neighborhood. I hope the trend continues!
4	Another great vintage shop to add in the Burgh!  I'm really glad there is another addition, because to me, there's never too many places to search through fantastic vintage pieces!The place is small, but you can tell they don't accept just anything.  The selection the owner chooses is very wearable pieces you can actually work into your regular wearing sched!  Great blouses, dresses and pants as well as a decent selection of purses.  If you're a dude, or can snap up a smaller size, they have a special section for vintage T's.  I think this is actually a really cool idea, who doesn't came across a great Zach Attack T-shirt once in a while! The prices aren't outrageous either, which is always refreshing for vintage finds!  I'm only going to pay over $25 if it's a really really amazing find that I know I'll regret not purchasing.  Here's to affordable shopping!
4	Popped in here today during an impromptu visit to the South Side and was really impressed.  Vintage shops can be all kinds of intimidating and/or impractical but Highway Robbery has a really "pruned" selection of vintage pieces.  The store isn't bursting at the seams with "stuff", the racks are easy to browse and they label each piece with hints about it's attributable decade and how it might fit in terms of modern-day sizing.  The pricing is reasonable and almost everything in the store was extremely wearable and on-trend.  Staff was helpful and very accommodating. I'm looking forward to another visit soon!
4	I found place completely by chance while stumbling around South Side. My luck had never been better. I was trying to find another clothing store in South side (which we were barred from entering, because apparently, they don't open on Mondays) until I found this vintage store.  Anyway, we started to trudge back to the car when this store happened to catch our eyes. The place was impeccably designed with local artists and while they did not have a large selection of clothes, what they did have was impeccable.  Even better - it wasn't crazily overpriced either like a lot of other vintage stores. I would have picked up almost everything in the store if I could have.
3	It's a nice little vintage shop in the heart of the South Side.The owner was really nice. No matter how good or bad a store is merchandise wise, you have to give props for good employees.The store was small but had some interesting items inside.I thought the men's selection was sort of lacking. I guess women tend to thrift or shop for "vintage" gear more than men? Either way, what they had was solid but there just wasn't much to choose from.It's definitely a place for a girl who loves vintage clothing. A guy? Not so much. A guy is better sticking with Goodwill.
5	This store is a bundle of smiles and sunshine, and has the most raw, down-to-earth staff I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Although small, this little gem of a store has a wide range of styles and every piece is guaranteed to be in near-perfect condition. This store caters to both men and women through clothing and accessories, and also has fitting rooms that're clean and roomy. I found the prices extremely reasonable for unique, one-of-a-kind pieces that, again, are basically brand new. The design of the store is heavily DIY and really adds to the experience of shopping here, and truly embodies the artistic expression that the owner posses. You'll have to step into this warm and welcoming atmosphere at least once to see for yourself, as my pictures and descriptions won't do it any justice.
