3	I ate here once for lunch. Grilled chicken (see photo), I remember I liked it but I think it was a bit more on the salty side and slight uncook on the inside. The ambiance of the place was nice,heavy on the bar side, a very typical catering for Montreal's summer tourists.
4	Easy-going Portuguese place with a patio on the Duluth cobblestones. I'd been here a bunch years ago when the Doxas brothers used to jam and you could see some of the city's best young jazz in front of a tiny crowd. After a bit of an accidental hiatus, I had an impromptu dinner party here recently. One warm and breezy evening on the terrasse we ordered a hearty mix of tapas and mixed grill and really enjoyed everything that came rolling out hot as soon as it was ready: the sardines, chicken, chorizo, grilled veggies, pork, grilled calamari, and oh yes also the pitchers of beer all seemed perfect in that moment (admittedly a little extra glossed from street festing.) Nothing fancy, but fresh nice food, served by older, yet still swarthy and handsome Portuguese gentlemen with sunny senses of humour and good karmic food timing.
1	The service was not good at all. I ordered a Chicken burger and it came with chicken thigh instead of chicken breast. The people who ate with me were also complaining their food was not good. It seemed pricey for what you got. Definitevely NOT going back there...
4	Group of 6 came for after dinner dessert and coffee. All really enjoyed what they ordered, from specialty coffees to their homemade cheesecake.I'll be back to try out their dinner menu.
4	Outdoor meal in the summer.  Loved the grilled vegetables and an excellent salad.  We were surprised and impressed.
4	We literally stumbled into this place while wandering along Duluth after a climb up Mont-Royal. It was late lunchtime and empty. The proprietor, who at first seemed diffident and distant, warmed up when I told him I wanted vino verde with my grilled sardines. "Have you had it before?" He asked. I said, "Yes, in Lisbon." In that moment, everything changed, and our lunch of Portuguese style sardines with vegetables, salad, and vino verde turned into a long and leisurely conversation about Oporto, Lisbon, family, the benefits of eating oily fish, the Baltimore Ravens...to me it was pure Portuguese hospitality. And some of the best grilled sardines ever.
