5	My Experience at Mattress Firm was amazing! I had purchased a groupon and was looking for a new mattress for my brand new apartment. The groupon deal was pay $50, get $200 off on any mattress (except Tempur-Pedic). The saleswoman Lisa was extremely helpful to my boyfriend and I since it was our first time buying a mattress together. She gave us a breakdown of the mattresses and the quality for each for the price we would be paying. She also showed us two of the higher end mattresses that were on sale for a really great price and gave us a comparison to the mattress we were thinking about buying. My boyfriend and I decided to go for a memory foam queen mattress that was on sale, but still a bit on the pricey side. She let us know the pros and cons of the mattress and allowed us to test it out. We fell in love with it instantly and decided to buy it. Since we had chatted with her, she knew we were both still students at UNLV and living off a budget, so she gave us a great discount on the protect-a-bed cover that we needed for our mattress. The cover was a regular $117, but we got it for $40. My grand total for the brand new mattress and accessories was $523, a great deal for the quality! Lisa was extremely helpful and if I ever need to buy anything for my mattress again I am definitely coming here.
5	I went in yesterday just to browse around as I have been for about four months now. Lisa and her district manager both helped me pick out the perfect Tempurpedic mattress. I kept putting off buying one up until now because I just rented a new apartment. They put my mind at ease that I was fully covered by their 100 day no questions asked return policy. They assured me that I wouldn't need to use it though. I didn't feel pressured into buying from them as I have been in other stores. I just felt reassured that this was an investment worth making and with the right people. I have visited at least fifteen different mattress companies here in Vegas and can honestly say that this was the best experience and the best deal I could find anywhere.Great prices, Great service, Comfortable beds and wonderful pillows... Perfect place to shop or take a nap. I did both on my recent visit.
5	You must come by this store and no other to purchase your next mattress. My fiance and I had an amazing experience here. From the moment we set foot inside we were greeted by a lovely female employee who took us around to try out some mattresses. The district manager was there as well and he was so helpful and knowledgeable.  The team at the store made this a pleasant experience, rather than a dreadful "up sales" type of environment. These are good people who really want to make their customers happy. I highly recommend this store to everyone and anyone. We even got same day delivery and get to sleep on our new bed tonight! Thanks so much guys.
5	I wish I knew someone in the market for a new bed, because I would send them to this store immediately.  The salesperson, Andrea, and her manager, Adam, were *super* helpful.  One thing that really impressed me is that they have their competitors' return/exchange policies printed out so that you can compare their policies with their competitors-wow.  (By the way, their return/exchange policy at Mattress Firm is worlds apart from their competitors, who have loads of catches and fine print!)  I feel like we got a small education on how different mattresses are made...Andrea and Adam were very knowledgeable.  They also had their competitors' current flyers so that you could compare prices.I generally do not buy from the first store that I visit on principle, no matter how good the prices are.  However, their service just blew me away, and their exchange policy was enough to make me feel comfortable to roll with it and make the buy.  Oh, that's all aside from the amazing deal we got on our king-size bed.  They even threw in free same-day delivery (shhh-don't tell them I told you!).  It was worth every penny and more.  By the way, although we got a great deal, I would pay $100+ more to shop from this store, just for the hassle-free return policy and *outstanding* service.  Thanks a lot, guys!!
1	I am SO disappointed in this store.  We went there 2 years ago and bought a Seally Posturpedic.  The bed was great at first, but the mattress has deep indentations now from where we sleep.  We contacted Mattress Firm and they had us come in and fill out paperwork that they then faxed in to their warranty department.  I was told that I should be getting a call back sometime in the next 2-4 weeks.  After 4 weeks, no call back.  I called my local store up and they said the guy I filled the paperwork with had been transferred to another store.  For some reason, I had to track that guy down because they never keep copies of the paperwork so the rest of the people at my local store where I filled the paperwork out at have no idea what had been done with me.  Anyway, I tracked the guy down and he called up the warranty department.  Turns out they never actually got the paperwork.  So I brought my copy of the paperwork back to my local store and had them fax it in...again.  They got a confirmation receipt that the pages were sent and received.  This guy tells me it should only be 3 days before I hear back and had no idea why I had waited a month to check up on it.  (SIGH!)  So 4 days go by and I still don't get a call from the warranty people.  I call up the warranty people myself since I'm tired of dealing with the local store.  They check up and discover that they did in fact get my paperwork, but that something went wrong when it faxed over (guessing it's a problem with my local store's fax machine) and the pages are illegible.  I asked why they didn't tell my local store that it didn't send properly so they could resend it.  Apparently, the warranty department receives faxes but they can't actually tell which store is sending in the fax, so they didn't know which store to contact to get the information resent.  Grrr.  I finally just scanned the paperwork from my home and e-mailed it, then called the warranty to make sure that they got it and that they could actually read it.  They did.  only it was on the weekend, so I have to wait 3 days from Monday before they call me back.  Somebody please shoot me now.
5	I absolutely love this place! Mark and Dan were beyond helpful!  When we first walked in we were comparing prices to Big's Furniture. We told them how much it was at Big's (which still was a great deal there), but they got us the same bed we wanted for $170 cheaper! I recommend this place to anyone and everyone who's looking for an amazing bed within a budget.
5	Wow!  this place is great.  I needed to replace the queen mattress in my guest room for a king.  since my daughter and husband usually stay in that room, i thought i would get a tempurpedic since that is what they sleep on.  I went to the Mattress firm in Henderson and realized there are numerous models and it was confusing especially since i was unsure of how comfortable these beds really are. Louis was helpful and assured me i had 90 days to return if i didn't like it.  Although the New Yorker in me figured that 90 day return was somehow not as easy as it sounded, i took a chance. I slept on it and was unsure about it so i went back with my husband and told Mark we wanted to exchange for a sterns and foster.  Mark was ok with that and showed us the sterns and foster they had on the floor.  Yet my husband was intrigued by the poster medic with controls for firmness and softness. so we purchased another posturpedic with the 90 day return but this time decided to put it on our bed and move our mattress to the guest room.  no problem.  they came out and took away the first mattress they brought, put new low profile box springs on the guest bed with our old mattress and put the new posturpedic on our bed.  we love it.but we still weren't done.  the box springs on the guest bed made the guest bed too high now.  I spoke to kelly and again, no problem.  they were back out 3 days later and took the box springs away and replaced with a board.all is well now.  everyone, and i mean everyone including salespeople, delivery guys, the delivery receptionist, were always pleasant and helpful.  this is the only way to buy a mattress.  you can't tell from just lying on a bed in a store how good a nights sleep you will get.  these guys made it a pleasure to go mattress shopping.  will use them again.
5	We just moved to town and needed beds.  Allan H. was super knowledgable and helpful.  We picked out beds at 11:00 am and they were delivered by 7:00 pm.  Thanks Allan from saving us from sleeping on air mattresses!
