4	Julia's Coffee is by far one of the only existing non-chained coffee shops in our area trying to do it right.  They source Counter Culture Coffee and while their espresso program has slipped a bit due to volunteer rotation they still put a lot of hard work into their production.  If you need a co-working space, a small meeting, an afternoon of a sandwich and some free wi-fi, Julia's has what you need.
4	I love finding these places in the nooks and crannies around Charlotte. Improbably located next to the Habitat ReStore it's a real gem. I was surprised to find all the books in their used book section. They look new. I shopped for books, used the wi-fi and had a Latte. Good experience. Goodbye Borders. Hello Julia's.
4	I've been going to Julia's for a while. I like the fact it's part of Habitat for Humanity, and not part of a cookie-cutter chain. The muffins are delicious, the coffee is serviceable and the environment (a used book store) unique. A great place to meet up with colleagues but be aware that on days they're building a house it's closed.
4	What's not to love? Colorful, comfy decor, local art, piles of books. Sammiches (very veg friendly, huzzah) and scones and bagels. Decent-to-good house coffee and a myriad of fancy-pants beverages, if that's yer thing. Plus, it adjoins the ever-awesome ReStore, one of my favorite places for furniture. And its named after a rad activist from back in the day, Julia Maulden. Started Habitat in Charlotte, kind of awesome. So ya... maybe one day I'll be cool enough to have one of the best coffee houses in the city named after me. 'Till then, I shall buy my brew from Julia's.
3	Julia's is good, not great, just good. They have better coffee than most places in town, in part for their counter culture beans, a substantial upgrade from Dilworth, the Charlotte staple. Their space is kind and encourages time spending, especially for the lazy book  There's nothing bad to say about Julia's, something you can't say about the other shops around, but there's also nothing that demands your devotion.
4	I assumed from the exterior/proximity to HFH thrift store that the coffee at Julia's would resemble gas station brew.  Lo and behold they had books (!) and a truly memorable chai latte...I need to get back over there, come to think of it. The scone was large and crumbly and the books cost more than I'd hoped, but there's an unexpected loft area in which to sit, a good selection of books, and a place to play chess.  Plenty of parking, too.
5	I seriously don't understand why you'd go anywhere else. Julia's coffee is fantastic, there are enough great comfy places to sit, especially upstairs in the "nest." Plus, all of the money goes to support Habitat for Humanity, one of the coolest charities around. There is plenty of parking and although it doesn't look like much from the outside, it's a great place on the inside!
4	I don't drink coffee, but I consider myself quite the chai tea connoisseur and this place has some good tea!  It's also very peaceful and has an upstairs area where I spend a lot of time getting work done.  They also have food from the Southern Gourmet for lunch...salads, sandwhiches, etc. which are very good!  And if for some reason I am in the need for some hardware, the Habit for Humanity Restore is steps away!  Love this place!
5	There's a Habitat ReStore store. And then there's Julia's Coffee. And they are attached! That's super.Really, my adventure to Julia's started out in Cotswold as I was searching for a close place with good coffee and free WiFi. Thanks to my handing Yelp app, Julia's came up first just a few miles away with free WiFi! Hooray!Inside, Julia's is adorable - it's super clean and full of affordable used books (sales benefit Habitat for Humanity), cute little tables and board games. And, clearly they have beverages and a few snack-aroos for sale. I camped out at Julia's for a few hours and tried two different beverages. The first was their decaf iced mint green tea. The friendly barista behind the counter suggested it as a nice refreshing drink for the blazing hot afternoon. It was tasty and indeed refreshing. A small came out to $2.02 including tax. As for my second beverage, I have to agree with Deanna H. that their Chai Latte is incredible! It is insanely flavorful, spicy and offered the perfect amount of foam. My Chai Latte was in the $3 range - much cheaper (and more delicious) than Starbucks, if I may say so. This is a great spot to grab a tasty beverage, hang out or purchase gently used books - all supporting great, local cause.
5	Let me also cast my vote for the delicious Chai Latte.  The best I've found.  I'm really happy they've brought live music back on Saturdays as well.  I only wish it was in the afternoon, when I, and others, could stop in to the ReStore before or after and enjoy the day in this quaint, friendly Coffeeshop/Used Bookstore.
5	Can you create affordable housing by buying books, drink some awesome espresso, and browse the web under the same roof?  Yep, you can do all three at Julia's Coffee.This charming place is attached to the Habitat for Humanity store (a nice place to 'dig' for deals, if you know what I mean) on Wendover Road.  The coffeehouse is perhaps one of the coolest interiors; very vintage with a loft and many books.  The staff are super friendly and they have a daily trivia question that, if answered correctly, gives you .10 off your purchase!  Woo hoo!I like the espresso drinks and the iced coffee.  They use medium roast espresso, as well as daily coffee specials.  Teas, muffins, bagels, and sandwiches are available, but I've never tried them.  The books are the selling point for me.  Hardbacks (solid titles, not fluffy romances) are 4 for $12, plus you have the confidence that you're supporting the Habitat cause.  Paperbacks go for $1. Imagine buying a paperback and a latte for less than $5! Certainly not at at Barnes and Noble! Did I mention that they have FREE live music on the weekends?  They have recently opened their doors till 9 PM on Fridays and Saturdays to accommodate more live music.  Come and check it out!
3	Tim G. said it pretty well, I agree with him about this place.  I thought I would fall in love with Julia's Coffee after a recommendation by someone I know and reading all the yelp reviews, but it just didn't get my "devotion" as Tim wrote.  The space is set up really well and has a nice vibe.  Their mint iced green tea is good too.  What put me off from wanting to stay and work at Julia's was that the A/C was blasted, I actually thought I was sitting underneath a fan (goosebumps on my skin were out of control!).  Also there's not a whole lot of natural light upstairs (not sure how they could change that) but it was kind of a bummer to have to utlize the table lamp because it was so dark.  On the positives, the service is very good (barista was super friendly) and the other staff are really on top of cleaning cleared tables once people get up to leave.  The place is kept very clean.  I guess if I needed coffee or tea and was nearby I'd stop here, but it's not my ideal spot for staying a long time and getting work done.p.s.I feel like the pictures shown on yelp make the place look bigger than it really is.  I think the whole cafe has about 10 tables total, for both upstairs and downstairs.
5	Compared to other Charlotte coffeehouses, Julia's is definitely worthy of a five-star rating. Great laid-back vibe, an upstairs loft with additional tables and seating (and power outlets!), free WiFi, books and interesting stuff at the attached ReStore... and very good coffee! You can also enjoy the knowledge that your patronage is contributing to Habitat for Humanity.
5	Really, really appreciate Julia's and I don't even drink coffee. For my beau who is a bit of a coffee snob, he can't get enough of their regular black coffee and I just love to be in this place. So odd is the location, I think it adds to the charm! Can't wait to try more food selections and add to my review!
5	I'm not quite sure how it took me so long to discover Julia's. Many times have I heard it praised by friends and Yelpers; many times had I thought, "Coffee and cheap books!  I should go there!"  Nonetheless, I never visited until the weekend before last, when a friend took me to their big outdoor book sale.My reaction: "Wow, this is just as cool as everyone says it is." My latte was delicious, and I got ten trade paperbacks for ten dollars.  This is the sort of thing that makes recovering English majors very happy.  Mind you, that was at sale prices, but the regular prices are not too shabby, either.  The inside of the coffee shop itself is quite cool: especially with the loft with tables overhead. I love stuff like that--excellent for people watching.  Not that I am creepy.Not creepy at all, folks.  Not this guy.As an added bonus, the coffee shop connects to the re-store, so when you are done sipping and reading, you can wander around and look at a wide and sometimes amusing variety of household goods.Julia, you're a-ok with me.
4	Went for a poetry reading - this unassuming little place is a perfect place for bookworms to escape for some great coffee and a vast selection of used books!
5	I am all about drinking for a cause (Whether it be hooch of coffee) Add a fabulous book selection to the mix and one word: SOLD! Not sure what I can say about Julia's that hasn't been said but I love that they offer huge iced coffee options whereas alot of local establishments have 16 oz. as their biggest option. This girl doesn't roll with that, I need a 24 oz iced coffee to make me happy. Peruse the titles, get caffeinated and enjoy the atmosphere. This place has a true coffee house feel to it and my only complaint is that I wish they were open 24 hours. Bonus: There is a Home Depot or Lowe's across the street so if you need a contractor, you can pick one up, they are tons just waiting to work! Two birds, one stone.
4	I stumbled upon Julia's when I was volunteering with Hands On Charlotte, and I can easily say it's one of the best used bookstores in Charlotte.  It seems without fail that when I'm looking for something, they often have it, and I can't say that about other bookstores, used or new.  Also, the prices are unbeatable AND the money goes to a good cause (which just encourages my reading addiction!)  I can't blame them too much...I'm basically reading for charity!  The coffee is tasty, the store is charming, the books in impeccable condition.  It's my weakness...but there are worse things!
5	Julia's has been on my radar for the longest time.  I finally got to visit it and see the greatness that I had been missing out on.  My only gripe was that I did not allow myself a lot of time to sit and "browse".  Basically went to meet a friend, have a coffee, and catch up.  I did end up arriving 20min early and started perusing the used books after my hot mocha showed up on the counter.The first thing I noticed when arriving is how people can easily miss this place if you aren't looking for it.  My guess is that this place doesn't really survive due to it's location, but it's people and it's cozy, hip, environment.My friend let me know that they have expanded, so I don't really have any previous experience with the original size of the place, but the size now is great!  We met up and talked up in the loft area.  I definitely liked going upstairs, viewing the artwork lining the walls and sitting up in the loft which gives you a great "nest" experience.  Overall, Julia's is a great place to get some work done, people watching, and just hanging out.I didn't give myself enough time to walk through the Habitat store, but looks like you can find a bunch of great treasures to put a little love and elbow grease on to make it something that much better.
3	So, as everyone knows- Julia's is attached to a Habit ReStore store store...store? Parking can be most easily had around to the side of the entrance. Once you enter, look for the trivia question, know the answer, and save a dime. At $3.67 for a 16oz latte, the price is right. I always taste a bit of toffee in my drink, which isn't my favorite. Make sure to ask for it extra hot if you like it 175 or so. If you have the time, browse the used book section and help out the ReStore store store.
5	I am beating myself up for driving the extra 2 miles to Starbucks and passing Julia's by all these years.  I guess the giant parking lot for Habitat Re-store was a little intimidating to me. There were a few things that I really enjoyed about Julia's the staff was  extremely friendly,  my latte was strong just the way I like it, and they use pasta noodles as stirrers how clever!  I would say the prices are similar to Starbucks but who doesn't want to support a local business I will come to Julia's a lot more often now.  I look forward to my next visit and browsing all those used books.
5	What a great little place! I got an iced soy vanilla latte and it was DELICIOUS. The service was awesome and the staff was very friendly. Also, the decor (ladders, hardhats, chandeliers with pitchers and coffee cups) was nice. They also have a nice selection of used books and a small, but nice selection of vinyl. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of literary fiction that they had (i just assumed it would mostly be genre fiction) and I picked up some really good books (eugenides, cleave, eggers, and muriel sparks) and three great albums for $11! And as said repeatedly, the proceeds go to habitat for humanity and that is great.Wonderful place.
5	I've always loved coming to this little shop. Not my first though as a coffee shop since it's not in my direct line of travel, but it's always a treat when I can make it in. They pour Counter Culture Coffee here and make a great lineup of affordable beverages. You'll be hard pressed to to not find something you like here. Also, they have some killer lunch options for those who work through their lunch break....like me.The book store portion of the shop is just incredible. You can smell the old books upon entering. They recently extended the book section to make it larger, which is a huge plus. They constantly hold book sales here, and you can always find something of worth or of note. My favorite part: The upstairs lounge. SUCH a great spot to work from, have a meeting, eat lunch, or just hangout. Great overlook of the book section and tends to be a little quieter. Love Julia's. Always a treat when I can make it over to this shop.
4	This is one of the best places in Charlotte to read, surf the web, and relax with a good cup of coffee. I like to come here to get work done, but when I tire of studying, there are shelves of great used books to leaf through and Restore is right next door.  I'm currently admiring my water bottle steal for 50 cents.  4 stars only cause when I sit upstairs, I get chilly quite quickly, but that goes for just about every cafe.  Love this place.
4	Oddly enough, I usually only get tea here, but I've sampled some coffees and I'ma fan, I just prefer to see down with a tea (off their fairly extensive list that isn't posted, and all their tea is in a drawer hidden from view, but if you can give them a starting point they can narrow it down for you). There are multiple tables and chairs, booths, and pillows to help you get situated into work mode or just to chat with friends. Their shelves of books offer plenty of interesting reads at very affordable prices. Their snacks and food options usually hit the spot. The wi-if is free, you just have to do a quick sign-up, and the staff behind the counter us is always super friendly. I'd frequent here before we had the internet connected in our new place, now I just come back to enjoy the ambience and get some work done without dealing with some of the more crowded coffee shops. And who doesn't like to peek in at the restore??
5	The first thing that brought me here was the promise of coffee. I was very happy with my decision to stop at this adorable shop. They offer almond milk, score! Also they use magnolia coffee, a local roaster. The latte was one of the best I've had in a while. Also the baristas are very knowledgable. But then I found out they sell books!! These are a few of my favorite things (take that marry poppins!). If you're an avid reader, or know someone who is, this is the place to shop!
