5	When Dr. Albert told me that he doesn't crack bones as a chiropractor, I was a little surprised and I was a little intrigued.  Instead, Dr. Albert uses a holistic approach to correct the whole body physically and mentally to make me feel better.  His techniques are gentler and unique.  You have to experience it to feel it.He is a great guy and when I told him about Yelp and I was going to be the first one to review his clinic, he was so thrilled.
5	This man has truly changed my life in so many ways!!!  I have suffered from back and neck pain for years and have endured several surgeries, only to have the pain return.  Dr. Albert has set me free from the constant pain and need for pain medication.  I am a totally different person thanks to his amazing technique.At first, I was skeptical as he is not like the traditional - snap, crackle and pop chiropractors.  I felt like with them I was constantly having to go several times a week for months on end; which was difficult and the pain always returned.  In the beginning with Dr. Albert I went a couple times a week and instantly felt amazing.  He explained it would take my body some time to get used to the technique and after a couple of weeks I was pain free.  I now only need to see him maybe once a month to keep things in shape and am amazed at how differently I feel.  I would highly recommend this highly gifted to man to everyone!!!
5	I fell 26 feet off a telephone pole 7 years ago, doctors want to sedate me and eventually do surgery. My only relief has been in the form of narcotics for 7 years. I met Dr. Albert three days ago and had my first treatment. When I learned there would be no cracking or popping I was very skeptical and excited. Since my first visit my pain has all but disappeared. I stopped taking my meds and am practicing moving as he suggests. For the first time ever I am able to walk and sit normally. Dr. Albert is amazing and I am so glad to have met him! What a great experience!
5	Dr. Alyesh treated me with acupunture more than 18 years ago, and I haven't smoked since. I went to him after having failed several attempts to quit on my own Thank you, Dr. Alyesh, I am indebted to you. :)
5	Unbelievable. I was in a MAJOR car accident and should be in serious pain (based on the last accident I was in 10 years ago). I'd searched out Chiropractors in my area and found Dr Alyesh and I am SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH BETTER in 2 weeks after the accident, I can walk, the burning in my shoulder, neck and back is MUCH less...I can MOVE.  I'd been searching for him because a while back,I'd found lumps in my breast. I'd come in distraught to work and the employer asked what was wrong. In tears, I told him. The employer said "oh...you just need to go to Dr Al....he will fix it...I 'll pay for you to go see him." So I did go see Dr Al...he looked at me, turned my head side to side and lifted my arm and asked me 'Do you drink a lot of coffee?". I said yes (because I was in sales and it makes you agressive. He said "Stop the coffee and the lumps will go away and your sales will improve." I did as he instructed and in 1 week the lumps went away and my sales did improve.  Dr Alyeshmerni is a God-send. thank you so much!!
5	I sprained my ankle 1 week before my wedding. I was on crutches and freaking out that I may not be able to walk down the isle. I saw the great reviews on yelp for Dr Alyesh and figured I'd give him a try. He worked his magic and performed acupuncture and I walked out of his office! I was able to walk and dance at my wedding thanks to him!
