3	I needed a tetanus shot for a cut I received at work and UMC quickcare advised me that they do not do vaccinations, after of course waiting an hour. So I checked with CVS and minute clinic sure does. So I checked in via the automated computer outside the clinic, which was simple and efficient. The wait was not long, my number one complaint is the waiting area is right infront of the restroom... gross
5	Get here early... Must check in by 7:15pm at the latest ... It calculates how many people can be seen before closing and let's you sign on accordingly...PA was GREAT!!!! She listened to me asked questions checked me out and diagnosed me ... She then sent my RXs to pharmacy and they were ready in 10 minutes...What a great service!!!
1	I've used this cvs on and off since it opened. It was great years ago. I moved away for three years and moved back a year and half ago. Nothing but problems since. They screwed up the insurance info, lost a prescription, always too much work for the few employees. I know it's not the employees fault but cvs seriously needs to hire more. The employees there are overwhelmed and, while they try to be nice, they are clearly frustrated by the situation which affects their customer service. Shouldn't take 4 hours for a refill requested at 8am, but it does. Luckily I moved across the street to smiths. Have been much happier since.
1	I would give this 0 stars if I could. 3rd in line and I have been here over 3 hours. The blonde nurse/Dr takes a 15 minute break between each patient. This is beyond ridiculous.  Oh and they dont take insurance for tb tests.....be prepared to shell out $50 for it.
1	This review is in reference to the Minute Clinic that is located inside the CVS Pharmacy. Checked in and waited. We were number 1 in the que.The assumed Nurse at 20min to closing, stuck her head out the door, and in a unpleasant tone told us she could not see us tonight. I shared we had checked in more than thirty minutes before the Closeing time.  To that her reply was .. "I don't know why the computer let you check in"... what was sad about the situation was her deminor... There was no sympathy to our situation my daughter has been throwing up all day. She couldn't even take the time out to give us options of other places we could possibly go. All we got was a curt non caring attitude. I can understand if you're having a bad day or you worked a long day, but at least be sympathetic to people situations.  I doubt I'll be returning to this place.
