5	No more shipping fees for me! This local business holds a special place in my heart. I'm on my fourth bottle of Chili Olive Oil, a truly inspired and essential part of my kitchen now.There are many zesty and dreamy flavors like Bacon, Blood Orange, Mexican Lime, Vanilla Bean, etc. Oh, and you can try them all at this beautiful shoppe.They have other locally made products as well;  soaps, pastas, skin care products, accessories and more.Yet another reason to visit Kierland Commons. Damn, as if that place wasn't dangerous enough.
5	You really don't know what good olive oil is until you've truly tasted good olive oil.  Oils & Olives sells straight from Queen Creek Olive Mill, giving customers the flavorful experience.  It's just like visiting QCOM sans the hour drive and a few other things.  All the oil and vinegar flavors and all the tapenades are available.  You can sample all of them here as well.  There's also plenty of locally made beauty products and wines.  The only thing Oils & Olives is missing is the tour and the food.  I can live with that.
5	I went to this place with a Groupon I found online. I walked in and the workers in the store greeted me as soon as I walked in. They know their product extremely well. They showed me different options and let me sample anything I wanted. I ended up purchasing several olive oils and a balsmic. I highly reccommend this place!!!
5	I love olives, I love olive oil, I love vinegar, I love wine, I love bath products...so why on earth wouldn't I love a store that sells it all in one place! Oils & Olives is a gifter's and a cook's paradise! It's also a great place to stop by if you need a little mid-day snack because they have samples out all around! I am very happy this store opened because rather than driving all the way to their Queen Creek Olive Mill, I can visit their store here in Kierland! The staff is incredibly friendly and very helpful in pointing you in the right olive oil direction. All of their vinegars and olive oils are made at their Mill in Queen Creek and they also sell Arizona wines. The space is stocked full of goodies perfect for adding flavor to your daily meals or for creating a colorful gift for a friend. So what about the taste? The taste is sublime! Picture this: bacon olive oil. It tasted like bacon grease but without the added fat and it's perfect for eggs, chicken, pasta...anything really! They also have vinegars such as the strawberry vinegar which tastes delicious with chicken or in a salad. This is a shop that everyone should visit at least once and it's right in the middle of the Kierland Commons! I can't wait to make bacon olive oil chicken with my new olive oil!
5	I have been to this location three time now and am always very happy. The service is great and I really love that you can try everything before you buy. I just learned on this visit that they have a rewards program. I wish I would have known sooner! The products all are very yummy and great quality. A must stop for anyone who likes to cook.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review till now! I am in love. Oils and Olives is my favorite place for olive oil, spreads, honey, and vinegar. My favorite part is that I can sample everything before I buy. This is also my least favorite part because then I end up liking everything I tried and spending way to much! The staff here is always very helpful and I always find something new to try. Some of my favorites are the garlic olive oil, garlic Parmesan dip, Chili Lime oil, and asiago cheese spread. They also apparently have a couple restaurants that I am going to try soon. I signed up for their rewards program and they automatically give you $5 off your next visit so I am going to use it to try their restaurant in Queen Creek. This is one of those stores that once you start using their products, you can't imagine how you lived and cooked before without them!!
5	OK I am going to say, how can you not love this shop!I have been to some other ones as well and they are all just so great.We have really started shopping at these places all the time.The selections are amazing. Anything you could want in Olive Oil.Even wonderfu kinds of Vinegar. Blood Orange Vinegar is my favorite so far.Mixed with a little EVOO, and some spices, best salad dressing and healthy!Stuffed Olives, crackers, dips.Some of the little dishes and platters are really nice. Bright and colorful.Samples every where, I was full by the time I left here. Some really good cheeses as well. It is really good to be able to sample things before you buy. Then you do not have to have something just sitting on the shelf. You bought it and now you do not like it.
3	OK, really out in the boonies unless you live in Queen Creek. It was dark and not so inviting inside. Our lunch was good but pretty ordinary. Tours of the mill require purchased tickets.
5	I love this place.  We come here when it is time to look for a gift for someone special or just to pick up something cool for yourself. This is their satellite store in the Kierland Commons and it is closer than driving to their main location in Queen Creek.They have a swell selection of all sorts of goodies made from Olives and then some. Many of them you can sample while visiting the store. Olive Oils, Stuffed Olives, Vinegars, Wines, Spreads, and Tapenades. Too many to list them all. So GOOD!They even have several items that are made from Olives that you should not eat. These being Soaps, Lotions, Bath Oils and Balms.Some of my many favorite are the Roasted Garlic, the Bacon, and the Chili Pepper Olive Oil. I cannot resist getting a jar of the Stuffed Olives. I always also have to stock up on the Tapenades. Love the Caramelized Red Onion with Fig Tapenade and the Peach Caponatina. Both taste awesome with my pan seared duck breast that I love to cook.Don't forget the really nice Gift Boxes they have. Some of them you can customize to your liking for your special friend or family member. They also have fun Apparel and locally crafted Ceramics that you can purchase. Check out their website to see all their fine products or just pop in and give them a visit.Keep it LOCAL when you can. ENJOY!
5	I am a big fan of the qq olive mill so I was thrilled when the opened a store in Scottsdale. In love all of the oils from here, there are so many different flavors that you can use for anything. They also have a great assortment of beauty products... I love the Chapstick and the body oil in lavender. Perfect stop if you want to get some unique gifts and they have a great selection of wines
5	How could you write a 5 star review on an .....olive oil place? Well after visiting, it's pretty easy. I thought I would just cruise in to check it out and actually got a free bottle of crushed basil olive oil! It is by far the best tasting basil olive oil I've ever had and I've recently been putting it on anything.But I digress. The employees here are really helpful and let you taste test a lot! I would suggest checking this place out when they do free events. I want to say they used to be on Wednesday evenings? You get to try different products paired with foods and wine. All sample size obviously, but still a great opportunity. They don't have just cooking products either, their lavender body line is freaking amazing. I feel more relaxed just thinking about it.
5	Fantastic flavored oils and vinegars. I use it almost everyday and live all the great flavors that they have. The strawberry balsamic is heavenly and the garlic olive oil is amazing. LOVE!
