3	With the staff shouting "Welcome to Moe's" every time a new customer walked in today, I enjoyed a quick meal with two coworkers. Since the Moe's crew assembles it right in front of you, it has a feeling of being "fresh" and "healthy" though it's really easy to go heavy on the fattening ingredients if you're not careful.That's not to say that it's not healthy. Not at all! If you go with the "streaker" which means no tortilla or shell, you drop 300 calories immediately. Skip either the cheese, guacamole or sour cream and you're in even better shape. And even with the meat (chicken, steak, pork, ground beef, tofu or fish), it's still going to be a delicious meal!Sadly, I had the tortilla. And the cheese. And the guacamole. It was absolutely delicious. I even ate about half of the chips with a small dish of medium salsa from their unlimited salsa bar.Refills from their soda fountain and sweet/unsweet tea urns are free. There are also a couple of outside tables that are under cover from the upstairs shops.A good meal and I would absolutely return. It's in the back corner of the plaza at Sharon and Fairview. Maybe a little hard to spot, but it's worth checking out for lunch or dinner!
3	I do like the whole "Welcome to Moe's" thing said loudly whenever you walk into one of their restaurant locations. It is a nice differentiating aspect of the place. Though I do think Coldstone or is it Marble Slab provides a similar loud greeting upon entering one of their stores too.  Hey, hit both places and feel important for the rest of the day! Atmosphere - Narrow, dark, friendly. Food - I had a burrito bowl.  I am not sure what the official name is for this dish here but I know for sure it's not 'Joey Bag of Bowls'.  The dish is basically a burrito w/out a shell.  The one I had this day was okay but not spectacular like say Qdoba...but all right. To me, Moe's is not as fresh tasting as the Q or even Chipotle for that matter...but it fits the bill. Service - From the greeting received when you arrive to the interaction during the ordering process, Moe's always feels friendly. Price - A burrito bowl and drink comes in at just above $8. Not too bad for a filling lunch. Don't forget the drink refills are free. Overall - Moe's does the job of satisfying you when you are looking for a decent burrito and friendly service.
2	We returned to this Moe's after about a two-year gap.  Why?  Last time we had been there, we had such an awful experience that I wrote to the manager.  He sent me gift certificates to use at another time at that location.  I think the reason for my complaint before was all about poor customer service and restaurant cleanliness.  From our recent experience last night, I see that in the two years that I haven't visited, nothing has changed.  I'm surprised this Moe's stays in business.  First, it's hidden behind a staircase in the strip mall it's in, creating a dungeon-like atmosphere.  Second, it's very narrow, not allowing for much walk space.  And since last night happened to be Kids Eat Free night (a coincidence), it was super-crowded with families and a balloon clown that blocked the only narrow walkway with the throng of kids around him. Getting through over-active kids crowding the tiny walkway to outdoor seating without spilling my salsa was a mighty challenge. Ordering toppings for your food is always a treat.   The job seems so routine to the food assemblers that they barely pay attention to you and you have to repeat yourself several times.   They screwed up two of the kids' orders because they weren't listening and just hurrying along adding whatever they wanted that they had to start again from scratch.  And then, upon sitting down, we realized that they STILL ended up screwing up the orders.  How hard is it to put tomatoes on one taco and cheese on another?  My burrito came out pretty good, though, because I was meticulous about focusing on what they weren't focusing on.  The cashier rang us up:  a burrito, a salad, a bowl, and two kids meals.  The kids meals were free, so I guess the total came to $22 or so.  We handed them $20 in gift certificates, intending to pay the rest in cash.  Apparently, the task was too difficult for the cashier.  Too many things going on.  The cashier took the gift certificates and told us that we were all set.  He probably voided the order.  I wonder how the restaurant makes any money at all.  Cleanliness?  The salsa bar and drink stand was a mess, but thankfully the salsa containers were all full.  What few tables were open needed to be cleaned.  And there was a giant water spill/puddle in the ordering line.  Certainly a safety hazard.  Will we go back?  Heck no.  If I want Moe's, there are too many better locations in town.  Better yet, I'll head to Chipotle or Qdoba.p.s. Regarding the "Welcome to Moe's!" thing.  Stop it.  It's annoying, and if the employees are going to do it with little to no enthusiasm because it's so routine to them, don't even bother.
5	Monday's at Moe's are great. $5 burrito chips and drink can't be beat!
5	WELCOME TO MOE'S!! Love this place! Super close to where I work, and the $5 specials on Mondays on ALL burritos (yes, even the Homewrecker) are enough to keep me going back each week. I still need to figure out how they fold those darned things when they're THAT BIG so I can do this at home without a mess! :) They fill the burritos up with as much "stuff" as you want, enough for two full meals for me. And they have chips and a salsa bar. Their fresh guac is FANTASTIC and you really can't beat their service there! Always welcoming, always helpful, and superfast-this is the perfect place to grab a quick bite for a heck of a deal!
2	Had a hard time enjoying my burrito today. The entire restaurant smelled like a dirty bathroom -- as if a toilet had overflowed. Horrible. There were several customers sitting happily outside the bathroom who didn't seem to notice. But it was overwhelming to us. Unfortunately, I won't be back there any time soon.
4	We enjoyed there new soda machine, it's neat!  The made to order food is fresh and we thought it was great!!  But the music was way too loud for us.
2	Food was ok and the service was horrible. I love Moe's but if this was my first experience with the chain it would be my last.
4	I went here for lunch with my boyfriend over the weekend and was quite happy with the food. Both of us ordered the Joey Bag of Donuts with chicken each, and mind you, it's HUGE! Even heavier if you add cheese or sour cream or guac, but I didn't. They were out of mushrooms and for the peppers they only had green peppers (which is weird since we went on a Saturday afternoon), but I was quite content with it. I added the fresh jalapenos (should have gone with the pickled like my boyfriend) and hot sauce... which was a mistake. After 2 bites, I was picking out all the jalapenos and it was fine till I reached the end of my burrito. From then on, it set my mouth on fire and my stomach started to hurt. Then I figured out, I put my burrito upright and all the hot sauce probably trickled down to the bottom, thus making the end of my burrito super hot and fiery. I'm still thankful that I did get to enjoy the rest of my burrito and the sauce didn't ruin all of it. Also, the give you free chips with your order and their salsa bar has some very nice and flavorful salsas. I'll definitely go back and try to pick my ingredients wisely.
3	I like Moe's. This location has some of the nicest employees I have ever seen and the food is usually pretty good. I love the burritos and the bowls. They finally have a couple of good salsa options. The drink machine is the bomb - only place I drink a vanilla coke! BUT there is a problem:I had dinner with a friend here and the constant 'WELCOME TO MOE'S' was just too much. I don't usually mind it but during the dinner hours when someone is always coming thru the door - it is annoying and way too loud! I could not carry on a conversation with my friend so the meal was not very enjoyable.
5	I love this particular location because the staff is always nice, even during the mad lunch rush. The quality of the food is consistent and the simple layout makes it easy for me to place my order, customize my meal, and be on my way. Since the Moe's app has come along, I'm in and out even quicker. I just order and dash in at the time I specified I want to pick up my food. How cool! As long as I get the customary "Welcome to Moe's" greeting, I'm good!
