3	My kids love the chili cheese dogs here and I like the cheesy tater tots. Seriously where else can you buy fast food tater tots covered in cheese? The afternoon happy hour for slushes is also nice on the wallet.
3	The happy hour at Sonic Drive-In is what makes Sonic standout over the other fast food restaurants.  You just have to be patient for the line of cars during this time.  I was fortunate to pull up to the window at 5pm--the last customer.  Sonic relives the past with its rollerskating service and yes the slushes are out of this world--just sip slow otherwise you get that once to often brainfreeze--strawberry slush with strawberries, yes!  Sonic is definitely a must
1	I have never been so a Sonic so bad :(It takes a lot for me to give a place 1 star but this one deserves it.I Pulled up to order and had to wait 15 minutes before someone took my order. Why 15 minutes?!?! I was thinking to myself after the experience why I even waited that long.The service was terrible and the food was so greasy. The grease was oozing from the tater tots and the cheese wasn't even melted on my dog which makes me wonder what kind of cheese it is to begin with. I asked for regular coke and got diet. I never had a problem at any of the other Sonic locations so I am not sure what it up with this one but I will never be back. I wish I had something positive to say but I just don't.
5	This place was greatWe went there to get some shakes and well food obviouslyI had Wholly Guacamole Hot Dogs and they were amazing! The cheese sauce, pepperjack cheese, jalapenos, tomatoes, onions, and last but not least GUACAMOLE! It was amazingAnd the shakes there are awesome too (1/2 off after 8PM)
4	Sonic food at it's finest.   We had dinner at midnight and everything was made fresh.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  The chili cheese coneys were delicious.
3	This is the absolute slowest sonic that I have ever been to. I don't know if they are just lazy or if they are way under staffed but something needs to be done. Other than that, everyone is nice and food is good.
1	All my food was cold. Got a number 7 with tots and a coney. Ate it in the car and it all tasted like yesterday's left overs. Just plain Horrible.
1	Omg! Talk about SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW.... This place takes 15 mins or more in the drive thru:/ I keep trying to give it chances since it's the closest to my house, but time after time you have to wait sooooooooooo long. Not cool!
3	It was our first time ever trying a sonic drive-in and we didn't know that fast food could be so slow! We waited almost 10 minutes or more? I guess they were making our food fresh. We ordered the Chicken club toaster sandwich - It was good! It tasted just like the ones you get at a good diner. It tasted like they made it to order and the chicken was crispy and hot. The fries were good, we liked dipping them into bbq sauce and the ranch sauce. I would definitely order that chicken sandwich again! Hopefully it won't take too long next time.
3	Good fast-food and  pretty tasty! The workers aren't very friendly though. The service was quick.
1	The standards at this location have been on a steady decline.  My usually favorite cookie dough flavored Master Blast has been made with dried out nuggets of cookie dough.   Who wants to bite into pellets of dried out chalky dough??  And our Oreo Blasts have not properly mixed and left with a hollow center on a regular basis.  At times we find bits of other flavors on our blast indicating that they obviously aren't completely cleaning their equipment from the last customer order.  C'mon Sonic, keep your game tight.For Blasts done right, the one at 3431 N. Ranco Drive is worth a stop.
4	I really like that this Sonic is open till 2am unfortunately the sonic near my house was closed its only 11 o'clock and it's a Sunday evening this is Las Vegas who the fork closes before midnight. I would really appreciate it if I didn't have to drive 3&a half miles to go get my dessert fix after spending some private time with my girlfriend but you know for Sonic I'll Drive as far as I have to especially since the truth is I'm sitting in the passenger seat and my girlfriend doing the driving so I can go get the ice cream better yet cuz I spent all my money on the smartphone that I'm giving the review with my girlfriend is paying for the ice cream and she was on top doing the work today so this is pretty cool
