5	I feel a bit funny reviewing a GP surgery, but I can't ignore Bruntsfield Medical Practice. I registered here as a temporary resident as a student living in the area, and it wasn't long before I made the move permanent. The receptionists are very welcoming and the medical staff are nothing short of excellent. It is not often that you feel comfortable talking about personal issues with a doctor, but they put you at ease straight away. No matter how silly or embarrassing, I felt completely at ease talking to my doctor here. The only fault of the practice is the time-keeping, on numerous occasions I found myself waiting for longer than 30 minutes past my appointment time. However, I realised why upon spending a good 15 minutes with my doctor. They go above and beyond to spend time and just chat, it's really worth looking into.
5	The doctors here are super informative and, from the few experiences I've had, are always willing to diligently devote their time to resolve your worries and pains. The service is quick and reliable with a handy 'drop in' clinic available for temporary patients (such as students etc).The staff are respectful, the waiting room and general environment of the practice is pleasant. As a medical practice it does everything you could expect and more.
4	I agree with the other reviewers experience of Brunstfield Medical Practice. I visited this GPs a few times whilst living temporarily nearby. Each time I was pleased with the service. It was also easy to register and I was given help with process (something which hasn't been the case in other GPs).The staff were always lovely and pleasant to chat to. The receptionist in particular was nice, and we a great a banter! The doctors themselves, obviously the crux of a GPs, were good too. I had two doctors, both were pleasant and helpful and too the time to discuss matters with me properly and explain things as she went along. This level of attention isn't always easy to find in a city doctors.It's a good thing this GP is of a good standard, its right in a studenty area and I'm sure they're kept busy. It's well located and easy to find.
5	This was my doctors when I lived in Bruntsfield when I was at uni and it was my doctors again when I moved back to the area last year. I cannot really fault them.They offer open surgery every morning where you phone at 8am and can usually get an appt. at about 10/11am. You can also order repeat prescriptions online and pick them up from your chosen pharmacy.The GPs themselves are all lovely too. I have had to visit this practice for some pretty major reasons over the last few years and they have always been fantastic and helped me so much. Now I've moved back down to Leith again I will have to move to a different practice which will be such a shame.I receommend that anyone who is in the catchment area should register here :)
