4	I discovered Carrabba's when I live in Texas and every place I've ever gone if they have a Carrabba's then that is where I go. Food is great and changes seasonally. The bar is a wonderful experience. And the deserts are out of this world. I even go this place just for desert and a latte because it's just always been a fun place to be.
5	Gluten-Free/Allergy sensitiveThis is one of my faves! Great menu with lots of GF choices and dessert too! They do not balk at any allergy requests and seem happy to do so.I always get the mussels appetizer, the soup (no pasta), and the chicken marsala.It is so big I always have lunch for the next day.
2	I used to just love this place but last night it was so lack luster food wise. I ordered the Linguine with Lump Crab in it and it was just boring. There was no salt and even though the spinach and tomatoes seemed fresh the mushrooms didn't at all. It seemed like there were fresh and canned items. Also, there was barely any seafood in my dish. I love linguine and vegetables but seriously it's a seafood dish and it should have a ton!My partner had the Mezzaluna Ravioli with barely any sauce when he asked for more sauce it took the waiter forever. When he did bring it dinner was over. Bear stated that dinner was a meh at best and the manager came over and chatted with us but the conversation wasn't about how can we make your experience better, it was please try us next time. He did comp Bear's meal.Carrabbas went from one of my top chains to go to why bother anymore. And I would like to retract my earlier 4 stars but I won't. I'd rather show any update to that experience. So that you may now how far they have fallen.
5	If you are in the mood for some really good food I would highly recommend Carrabbas on Independance, the food is awesome as is the service. Our waiter today kept our drinks filled and made sure that we had everything we needed and every other member of the staff that I came near on my way out thanked me for coming and wished me a good evening... what a pleasant experience.
3	Love the chicken bryan and ceasar salad! Servers are ok. They seem over worked on weekends.
4	We had not been for a while and found they updated their menu, but all our favorites were still there (Chicken Bryan, Marsala steak, chicken parmigiana) and now are offered in two sizes, which is great idea in theory, but paying 2$ less to get half as much chicken parm doesn't seem like a deal. We got the 'full' size and had enough for a whole lunch the next day.Server, Amad, was great and very attentive without being a hoverer. If I want someone to hover over me, I will call my great aunt Millie. Made a good suggestion on the larger plate of fried zuchini, it was exactly right for us to share as an appetizer. The dipping sauce that comes with it is PERFECT! It would also be very good with a squeeze of lemon and used on calamari. I was about ready to make it a 5 star...but being charged 2.50 for a glass of iced tea in the south just rubs me the wrong way. That one charge on our 68$ bill was what rankled me. Even 1.99 I can live with, 2.50 is excessive, IMO. It is plain tea for crying out loud. Otherwise, it is great!
3	Great reliable Italian food!  I have been to a few Carrabba's now and though I prefer to eat local and not a chain - this place is great if you have picky dinner companions.  I had the Chicken Serrantino (the small order was about $13 dollars) and it was one piece of chicken with eggplant on top and cheese and delish sauce (tasted like the marsala sauce to my buds) - YUM!  I picked the mashed potato side - it was a large helping and I couldnt even finish it!  I have also had other chicken dishes here and all are wonderful.  The waitress provided dough for our 6-yr-old dinner companion to play with and eat while we were waiting.  Very nice!  They brought her food out first which was awesome.  The entire meal was so quick and efficient it is the perfect place for kids!  Love it!
4	Never a bad meal at any Carrabba's I've ever been too.  That says a lot about a company that is pretty wide spread and I've tried at least 4 locations that I know of.  I'm partial to the chicken parm but there are several other selections that appeal to me as well.  They seem to staff there restaurant with knowledgeable wait staff at all their locations as well.  The bread is always fresh and hot to the table and they are very kind and kid friendly, offering to bring out the kids' meals first (always a good idea!)Maybe not the most authentic Italian places to eat but always the most consistent food for the money.  Dinner sizes are ample and normally turn into lunch for the next day :)
1	Once was my favorite place to eat, but now the food is just sad, hardley even any on the plate and its also has become very overpriced. For 50-60 bucks I'll go somewhere else.
4	Love the chicken  paired with mashed potatoes!  I have to extra of that butter sauce though! I've had the Marsala once & it was good with a ton of mushrooms. But I can't get over the bryan! The calamari with the spicy marinara just makes me melt with good feelings! I love the infused oil, but I always add extra salt stir & let it sit a few minutes for the spices to actually get into the oilI occasionally order the Johnny combo which curbs my bryan cravings but I also get a great flavored steak. The smell when you walk in is amazing & sends my stomach growling. My husband always orders the mezzaluna or lobster ravioli. I personally don't care for the salads at all. The ceasar dressing has a bite that burns my tongue & I hate the other dressing. The soups I don't care for either, but I dont come for that. I just love this place. I've not had a bad meal here ever
1	Just awful, although I may have given this place two stars if so many people didn't rave about it. Where should i start ....In the four months since I've move to South Charlotte I've had more meals at franchises that I did my whole life. It's kind of sad really. The place was packed , which strangely enough that's been a bad omen here in Charlotte.  I found a place at the bar and started off with Jameson neat, that mellows me out ... usually.I'll skip the usual whining about the service. Italian bread with olive oil and rosemary to dunk it in, fan-tas-tic, I'm starved! But only a supermarket would try to pass that bread as "eyetalian" and the olive oil was 100% tasteless. Throwing in even a drop of balsamic would have overpowered it. One down.The Caesar salad arrives, it's just iceberg lettuce with some shaved Wisconsin processed parmesan and a couple of bread croutons. No dressing no nothing. Caesar what???I ordered pork chops in Marsala sauce and I finally understand why people gave good ratings to Fontanella ... believe or not the sauce here is actually WORSE, little porcini mushrooms totally overpowered by the salt shaker that was emptied in the sauce. And the Marsala forget it, there was NONE to be tasted, what's this prohibition era wine sauce. I wanted to just eat it and put an end to this ordeal, but the salt overdose made it impossible. The executive chef came out and met me. They served another pork chop (although the plate called for two of them) without the salt overdose but again without marsala or any significant seasoning. Back in the 90s I used to do go to bike week in Daytona quite often. The food was universally complete crap and the so called best restaurants in town (The Olive Garden and the Outback) had people lined up around the block, That's what tonight reminded me of,  A huge crowd feasting on crappy food.edit: I forgot to mention the "mashed potato with garlic" because there's absolutely nothing to say about it.
4	As always this Carraba's always aim's to please and this last trip was no different. Great food, great atmosphere, and great Service. A winning combination. Now if they would just get "Red Oak" on tap. That might change my mind to 5 stars.
3	We order our food from their carside service.  We found the food to be great, but patience trying to get your food from the carside pickup!!  (over 15 minutes past the time promised and ignored until the manager brought it out!!)
2	... and I'm being generous.Since my last experience at Fontanella sucked, I decided to give this place another chance. I had to skip both breakfast and lunch so I went ridiculously early: 6:30  and the place was packed, there was one sit left at the bar which I grabbed. I decided to keep it modest this time and ordered the signature pasta w/ soup. Totally unlike the salad option, the Sicilian sausage and lentil soup was very tasty - it probably didn't hurt that I hadn't eaten anything at all in the past 24 hrs. The Penne Franco was a little gimmicky but overall it was pretty good, I'm a sucker for garlic. I order the  $11,50 plain version, I'm not a fan of throwing chicken on top of pastas or salads.  I had a cup of the house Montelpucciano, which was very average but reasonable @ $5.50 A solid three stars so far. At this point I must have been woozy because I ordered a Tiramisu. Seven dollars and change for the worst imitation of Tiramisu I've ever had. As tasteless as day-glow colored supermarket cakes. To boot it costs 70% as much as the pasta and soup dinner itself.Second experience at this restaurant confirms it's ok for the basics but don't be suckered into paying for a fine dining experience because you won't be getting your money's worth.
3	Carrabba's is great for picky eaters and chain fans who don't love local flavor. You know you'll get exactly what you had last time and there will be no surprises. I usually steer clear of chain restaurants, but not everyone loves local food. Carabba's has good solid service, decent food, and decent wine. It's a tad salty for my taste, but it won't keep me from returning with our 'out of towners' who trust the brand and love the product!
4	I wouldn't say it's fine dining but I will say if you would like a good meal with an Italian flair, fair price and good service, Carrabbas is the place to go.
3	Carrabba's is a very good Italian restaurant. The last time we wanted to go though, we ended up leaving.It was really busy for a Monday night surprisingly, and the wait time was like 40 minutes for a party of 2. Next time we want to come, we'll make a reservation.The food is good though, and so is the waiter service. The hostess was rude the last time we came in. I would go back.
4	I really like this location. I've never had to wait very long no matter what time I've showed up. The staff is so friendly;  walking to our table we are greeted with "how are you?" "Enjoy your meal" I really appreciate that. The servers are usually enthusiastic, prompt, amd professional. I've never had a problem with the food. My favorite dish here is the Mezzaluna...so delicious.  The chicken parm with the garlic potatoes also always hits the spot. If there is room, I love to end my meal with the chocolate dream cake...never had anything so "dreamy." And of course on the way out we are wished a good night from the staff we pass. I always have an enjoyable experience here.
3	We went last night because we were craving the Italian herbs with the bread. The herbs tasted different,  but the entrees were delicious. I think it's under new ownership because it wasn't as organized;however, the owner and staff were pleasant, interactive,  and made the wait worth it.
5	I haven't been to a Carrabba's in years but we went tonight for Father's Day and it was the most amazing meal from start to finish that I have had in a really long time. We got the bruschetta for an appetizer and my husband got the lasagna for his meal and I ordered the seafood cannelloni for mine. The salad was delicious and the lentil sausage soup my husband had was amazing. We decided to keep it going and ordered dessert and coffee- both were fantastic. I forget what it was called but it was the chocolate dream dessert. It was AMAZING! we were so happy we decided to go there. We went home very satisfied.
4	The food at Carrabba's is rarely a disappointment, and at this location it is no different. The service we received from our waiter Matt was absolutely great. He is truly one of the best servers I have ever had at any restaurant. The food was nice and delicious, and although it was extremely busy we got everything in a timely manner, and never needed for a refill.
1	Normally I am a huge fan of this chain.  However, this is the worst restaurant I have ever been to.  The calimari we ordered came out full of grease and fried batter. The waiter Noah told my pregnant wife that she should drink more water because it is good for inflammation. Seriously, about wanted to punch him in the face.  My order was brought out with the wrong side.  Was told this would be fixed, never was!!  One whole dollar was taken off our order!!! Food was average at best...stay away from this location!!
2	I usually LOVE Carrabas, but this location won't be seeing me again anytime soon. They were out of crayons and had a cocktail menu that was only 3 drinks deep. Sound like a good combo to you?  No crayons? No drinks? Don't they know what a mom needs?! :) I asked for a drink list. They stared at me confused and pointed to the 3 drinks. Our server was most likely new. We were at a round table, yet he leaned over the entire front of me and my full plate to fill my husband's tea, placing his armpit neatly over my face. He didn't bring bread or silver wear until we asked. But he was nice, which IS important. It's been about a year since I've been to a Carrabas. Not only have the names of some entrees changed, but so have the portion sizes. Down with size, up with price. Nice. My husband always enjoys paying $16 for a handful of pasta and pasty sauce. I got the Caesar salad. Limp, room temperature, gross. Not typical of what I'm use to from this chain . Also, the spices they put on the plate with olive oil for the bread was super salty. My youngest was offered broccoli but they came back to say they were out. It happens. The kids pizza was bordering burnt - 0.5/4 slices were eaten. We ALWAYS get calamari. This time it was fried too long. I think we got the bottom of the bag because the pieces were tiny and extremely greasy. Shiny greasy. Grease. You know that awesome lemon butter and pepper sauce they serve with the calamari? It was unrecognizable. Like a small bowl of yellowish brownish oil. Kinda looked like Papa John's new garlic crud (not the nice creamy one from the 90's), but still tasted ok.  More grease. Anyway, when I am spending money that took me more than a day to earn, I really want my money's worth. Didn't happen. Won't give them another chance. I worked hard for that bill! As always the bread was good. My Coke was good. The tiramisu was super good. 2 stars good. I really want another piece.
1	We picked up food from there Tuesday night last week (3/11).  First off the order was wrong we got nasty tooooooo much garlic potatoes!!  I do not want to bite into a chunk of garlic to make my eyes water every other bite!!1  I did not order the nasty potatoes!!!!!  The chicken was ok they up charged for every little thing and over did the order for extras too!!!!  Nit picky careful they might charge for water!!!!!!   But the chicken was good!  Our salads were not fit to eat the dressing tasted old and had a big nasty onion in the side container!  messy kitchen!  not impressed!!!!! will not be back anytime soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! save your money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Love it here. Food made to order, except for soup. Accommodating to special requests. Been here many times and never had a bad experience. Sit at the grill side and you may get some free samples :-)
4	I could not love the lemon butter sauce any more than I possibly do.  I only regret that I have to eat pasta with it.  CHICKEN BRYAN was my pre-vegetarian go-to dish, and I still lust over it when I see someone else eating it.  I've had it a ton of times, and it's always incredibly dry, but they make up for it with the tasty marinade, the goat cheese and sundried tomatoes, and the delicious lemon butter sauce.  Ask for extra sauce; you'll want it!  I am happy to see a recent menu addition of chicken bryan pizza. The spice mix served with the complimentary bread is amazing, and I appreciate that they are always accomodating of my request for butter with the bread (instead of oil).
4	We decided that we would try this again... our to go order was really good.  Our meals were good, the chicken bryan was cooked nicely and the potatoes were nicely flavored (not too over powering with garlic).  A great improvement from the last time we ate from here.  The salads were even fresh and crisp, even the bread was very fresh!
2	Waited a really long time to be seated for a mediocre birthday dinner. I ordered some sort of shrimp pasta plate.  Our meal was a long time coming after being seated. My shrimp had gone bad...really bad, so I ordered something meatless. The replacement dish took so long to arrive that I ended up eating part of my wife's  I only had a limited amount of time before an event I had to be at and couldn't wait any longer for my meal. My daughter didn't finish her plate & my wife was underwhelmed by hers (same thing I had).  It just tasted bland to me.There are too many alternatives in this town to wait 40 minutes on "meh" entrees that are not inexpensive! That's what makes the world go round though. Some people swear by this chain. Just not my thing.
3	A couple of days ago my mom and I were there to have a lunch. We were sat down at a booth close to the kitchen, and we were greeted by Paisely. She took our drink order and then Tyler delivered our drinks to us. He explained that Paisley was in the middle of shift change and that he would be our waiter. Okay that's cool. He was way better than Paisley anyway. While I was facing the kitchen area, mom was facing the dining area. 1) We both noticed Paisley was not on shift change. 2) She was constantly on her cell phone. 3) The patrons a few tables away from us apparently gave her a $7 tip, which I would love to be tipped $7.00. Paisley ran up to her co-worker and actually complained about it. How ungrateful! 4) She was very chatty Kathy with the co-worker she complained about the $7 tip to. Actually, she barely even worked after her "shift change". Mom and I don't eat at Carrabba's very often, but we've never experienced anything like that before. I hope the next time I come back in that Paisley won't be my waitress. As a manager myself, I wouldn't let my employees present themselves like that in front of patrons.
4	Some of my favorites are the chicken parmesan, the chicken Bryan and the five cheese ravioli.  Also, I like that they have small and big portions.  My only complaint is that the tables in the booth are slanted.  Other than that, Carraba's is a good place for good food.
3	We decided to try the shrimp appetizer it was good and I tried the shrimp and scallop linguine I didn't care for the dish much the shrimp and scallops were over cooked and the over all portion size was small .She had the sirloin and crab cake and the sirloin was ordered medium but it was well done ...over all a decent meal but I wouldn't go there again
1	Our experience was horrible when we picked up our food!  They did not season the chicken at all and the sauce was very plain!!!  They only gave us one of our salads, our meals came with one each totaling, two!  I called the manager he lied and said he would send me a gift card to make it up to us, but it has been three and half weeks, still nothing to justify the rip off of meal we purchased!!  Safe your energy and time, eat somewhere else!
3	I have never been a fan of franchise food chains but I must admit this one is pretty good.  They have an interesting seasonal drink menu that isn't super overpriced and the food is decent, not memorable but decent enough to know I would go back if it were one of few restaurants in the area. The prices are great and portions aren't overwhelming as they tend to be in chain restaurants.  Good bread and olive oil to keep you busy during the brief wait before your food arrives and if you want, they will keep it coming.
2	Have always been a fan of Carrabba's but had a really unfortunate experience here at lunchtime this past week. I will let the photo speak for itself...yup, that's a raw sausage. Not undercooked, or rare, or cold...completely freakin raw. Fortunately we caught it before we are it, so no one got sick. Yuck. :( 2 stars because the server was nice and nobody got E. coli or wound up in the hospital.
4	Fast service, lentil and spicy italian sausage soup was yummy. Main course was Salmon , scallops and shrimp "The Damian", sauces were great not heavy and seafood cooked just right .
