4	This is my Fast food goto spot.  My regulars are the pizza and souvlaki and for what you pay you can't ask for any more.  I've been ordering here for years and don't really bother ordering anywhere else.Good prices, fast delivery, and consistent quality for fast food.
4	I've been a fan of their pizza for many many years. This isn't your Dominos or Pizza Hut or 2 for 1 cardboard pizza. This is pizza like Mama would make! But wait... she did;)
1	we saw the cook take the cheese and pepperoni from the leftover pizza, cut it up, and put it on the new pizza(today)!!!! we used to go there all the time
4	I moved to St. Laurent 6 years ago, heard of this restaurant from my sister-in-law long before my arrival, have been a fan ever since. My faves are the pizza and submarines (the mamma`s special is the best). I usually call ahead for pickup as I live a few streets over, it is very busy during the lunch & dinner rushes, but have dined there once with great service and happy staff.
5	This is my Fav pizza to order. Sadly, very very very sadly, I can no longer order from them as I now reside in  Fabreville. I almost want to ask them to open near my house and make me partner. I'm picky when it comes to pizza because there are so many pizza joints out there. At mammas the pizza is outstanding, juicy, yes juicy and loaded with toppings that do not overwhelm you but blend in beautifully together to give you one of the top best pizza's out there. They are not shy with toppings and cheese and the sauce is just right and light , not tomato pastish ( yup, I invent words )The service is quick and you really get what you pay for. I've tried the sub once and loved it. Please !!!!!! Open in laval !!!!!!
1	Even though they make a good pizza their customer relations is truly among the worst i have ever encountered.  To give you an idea they had long delays and after over an hour of waiting and promises that it was on the way. Instead of apologizing the manager started to become belingerant . Telling me i am impatient. There are many pizza places in the city and i strongly suggest that you find another place to order from. I am in a retail establishment myself and i were to talk to my customers like that they would also leave.
