3	To lazy to cook breakfast this morning and Cheerios just don't cut it on a Sunday!  This place used to be hopping by 7AM on weekends and it just isn't happening any more.  I am thinking the old regulars have been dying off and the next generation just is not being drawn in.  Of the 8 tables in use I think I was the youngest one there, and I am 56.The menu is pretty diverse so almost anyone can find something to eat.  I had the Ultimate breakfast ($7.99)  which was 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausages, ham, hash browns, 3 pancakes and a glass of orange juice ($2.39).  The eggs were hot off the griddle, the bacon was firm but not crisp, the pancakes were hot enough to melt the butter and not doughy.  I thought the hash browns were a little underdone but at least they were fully cooked.  The sausage was lukewarm and a little underdone, but I cook sausages until they are quite chewy to get the fat out. The ham was, well it was a slice of ham.I was greeted and seated right away by the manager.  Quickly my drink order was taken and filled and about 10 minutes later my meal arrived.  I gather the manager knew most of the customers and the waitresses had also been there a while as drinks were provided as many of he customers were being seated.  All in all I got what I was expecting from the chain restaurant.
4	I went to school down the street at ironwood high school cheap breakfast and enough food I'd much rather prefer this over Ihop good pie too
4	I met a friend from high school here on a Sunday morning for some breakfast. The place was busy, but despite that we still had pretty great service.  The french toast was yummy and what you'd expect from a chain. The food came out quick. Since it was reunion of sorts, I was happy they didn't seem to mind us sitting for about an hour and a half while catching up.  Definitely would come back.
4	I like having a village in close to where I live for times when I'm in the mood for breakfast, but don't feel like cooking it. They've recently updated the place to have kind of a retro/modern feel...new paint, new pictures, new booths - I like it! I don't really like their new logo, but I'm not there to eat their logo so I'll get used to it eventually. Also, they have free wi-fi here if that's important to you. Food is always good, love their pancakes, and a lot of menu items to choose from. I tried the new chicken ranch sandwich - yums! This place was pretty busy around Saturday 11am. I've heard they have a free slice of pie on Weds type deal, so maybe one of these days I'll check that out.
3	I got a coupon in the mail and put it on my breakfast list.  Recently they have redone the interior in a pleasant mix of browns and oranges, but they have 4 turquoise table tops?  They offer free wi-fi but you better have a charged battery as I only spotted a few booths that had an outlet handy,I had a Heritage combo of bacon, eggs, potatoes and pancakes.  It was cooked properly and quick.  I have visited 4 chain restaurants lately for an early Saturday morning breakfast.  This one was the best in service and quality/preparation of the food, well worth straying off of Bell Rd.
4	I really enjoy Village Inn and being back in Glendale, it's nice to have one near me.  And by near me, I mean about two blocks down the road.  This location was the same one I had my graduation dinner after high school.. yeah I know.  big spender.We decided to go for breakfast on Sunday morning.  Showed up and as expected there was a large crowd.  Mostly older people and a few young families.  This place is kinda cool cause you can see that the staff has worked there for many years.. kinda reminded me of the old Smitty's restaurants.  Remember those?What i ordered for breakfast was an iced tea and an omelet with a side of cakes.  I decided on the California omelet.  I really didn't like it.  not because the eggs were bad or anything was not cooked or anything.  It had onions and I'm a huge onion hater. By onion, i mean the large slab slices.. not sauteed or anything.  Along that was cooked spinach.  Yeck.   Doesn't change me eating there.  This place is still great, I just will get something else next time. :)
2	I thought Village Inns were all nighters like Denny's. This one apparently isn't. Closes by midnight onthe weekdays and 2am on weekends. And the latenight menu is REALLY stripped down. Pretty muchall that's left is deep fried bar food appetizertype stuff. The main edible food choices are thesandwiches. Lots of parking - part of it belongsto the Tutor Time next door though. Of course,that only matters during daytime on the weekdays. We were pretty much the only ones in the placebut somehow they still messed up our order. It wasvery quickly fixed without a fuss so I give ourwaiter props for that and for having a very good sense of humor. Food was just ok. The fried stuffwas too greasy for my taste. The sandwich waspassable. Had one of their limeades. Blech. I'vehad cough syrup that tasted better. I Will avoidthat stuff completely from now on. One of the things Village Inn is known for is their pies. Wednesday is free pie day or something like that. They have a large selection of pies right at the entrance if you want to get a pie to go. If you come right around their closing time, sometimes they have pies that theyare not allowed to sell but instead can only giveaway for free or else throw out - I guess going pasttheir sell by date. So if you really like pie, keep that in mind. ;)
5	Came for pie and coffee with my lady! The pie was excellent, the coffee was hot, and the server, Isaiah was superb!
4	Great food, good portions and good prices.I love several of the menu items here, and the staff is always friendly.Late night menu (after 10PM) is stripped down quite a bit, but what they don't tell you is that if you know what you want from the regular menu, you can order it anyways.
4	Great staff they are really on top of things and the food was better than what I thought I was going to be served. I will definitely be going back.
3	I have been here for pie on a Wednesday a few times before, but I finally decided to give Village Inn a try for dinner. It was about what I would have expected. They have basic comfort food much like Denny's. I ordered a Reuben sandwich which was not bad, but I didn't care much for the Caesar salad. Personally, this is not the type of place I would pick for dinner again, but I would come for a slice of pie as their pie is good. On Wednesday they give you a free slice with any purchase, which is awesome. I get it with a slice of milk.
3	Like much of my latter scholastic career, about a 3.3 that could have reached a 4.0 on my scale with  just a couple details attended to.  This was our first trip to this VI on T'bird this mid-Saturday morning. Everything was good, the portions were satisfying without being overwhelming, the service was polite and friendly, and the prices as always for this chain, very reasonable.  Scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon, grits, and strawberry crepes for me.  The scrambled eggs with cheese had shredded cheese more sprinkled on them than cooked within, but were tasty enough.  The bacon was a reasonably sized serving of good flavor, and the grits with large pad of butter were sufficient to satisfy Southern cravings, if not quite to perfection.   As to the strawberry crepes, Paris may have better but these were delicious, and at $8.60 with tax included, this was a perfectly fine meal for me, and my housemate sends his compliments on the French toast.The place was near full when we entered, and full with a waiting line by the time we left.  Service was polite and friendly with a smile, and efficient.   The place was busy and my water glass went dry for a brief few moments, but on being tagged in passing, our server immediately attended and checked on our status again within a few minutes.  No problem in splitting checks and no delay or wait in receiving.  This is a take-your-check-to-the-register place.  The register being right by that big pie display case stocked with all the salivation-worthy pies for which VI is known, but being well-filled, we were able to resist the take-out temptation. The line was about 5 deep but moved quickly. The young cashier was polite and efficient, and asked the right "was everything alright" questions and paid appropriately attention to my mention of the condition of the men's room. It was not "bad", but paper towel waste filled in-the-counter waste receptacle to just slightly overflowing, and two packs of still-wrapped paper towels sat in a plastic bag on the counter, along with a key-on-a-stick that just didn't belong there,  but the overall condition was basically clean and stocked with TP, hand soap, and paper towels, lots of paper towels - but lots is better than none.  Will definitely return.
3	Visited on a Wed. For free pie with meal. Needn't have bothered, pumpkin pie was gluey tasting. Waitress had an attitude which nobody likes... I ordered BLT with crispy bacon, what I got was crispy overdone fries! Who orders crispy fries?Wish I had skipped this visit.
4	Absolutely no complaints. I was seated immediately and the waitress was very helpful. I wanted to order a omelette but I wanted to do some substituting. She advised to take a look at this new selection called "My Incredible V.I.B". You get 4 selections of 30 menu items for $7.95. I got a 2 egg cheese omelette, 2 scrambled eggs, 2 bacon and 2 sausage. It was cheap and filling. The soda refills were never asked for just brought. Really happy with the service. Food was 3 stars but service was a clear 5. 4 seems a little high but the service was that good.
5	I haven't been to a Village Inn in quiet sometime. I walked in and was surprised by the new retro theme decor. Love it! Seated immediately, Gina was my server, lovely woman. Fast service, good food. You can't beat the $7.99 special.
5	This place has a good bit of something for everyone. It is a chain restaurant so there isn't necessarily that local touch but the place was inviting and clean. Out waitress was on point and was very attentive. Definitely gonna be coming here often :)
4	My first time in a Village Inn Restaurant, my experience was fenomenal. I was getting full ,but we made it on time.Two weeks ago I went for breakfast with my wife I asked for the Eggs Benedict with country potatoes and a Belgium Waffle , my wife got her favorite breakfast Omelettes .. One thing that I always look for is the service that makes a difference .My Belgium Waffle was very bad , it had a sour taste to it. The Batter had spoiled ... I told the waitress that the waffle was very bad, the only thing she told me " Oh I let me check the Batter maybe it's bad, but  let me get you a slice of pie and will not charge you the Waffle nor the pie."  She was awesome , forgot her name .. gave her $ 10 tip for caring for the customers.. overall very good, be there early there is a reason why it get's full..... check it out.
2	I was not impressed with this restaurant at all. The food was extremely disappointing. My husband didn't finish his meal because he thought it was gross and my daughter had a hair in her grilled cheese sandwich. I have paid less for a much better breakfast.
1	We went in for some breakfast after a late night. Waited for ten minutes for anyone to talk to us. Walked around the corner to find the waitress asleep. Take a nap before you come to work!
1	Went here to village inn for the first time, and it was awful. Had to wait 10 minutes for a waiter to come and ask for our drinks. The bathrooms were not clean and smelt super bad. Ordered a diet coke and a sandwich dipper. The meat lovers dipper with soup. Which was suppose to have Texas toast, Swiss, cheddar, carnitas, bacon, ham and a honey mustard sauce, along with tomato basil soup. 15 minutes later I get my meal. NO BACON. If it was a $6-$7 meal it would have been okay but a $10 meal and they don't give you the bacon. Then I confront the waiter about the sandwich made improperly. He says he'll fix it. He leaves and comes back with some bacon on a plate. Like seriously dude?! You can't remake my sandwich? Plus it wasn't even that good of a sandwich. Worth $5. And now i have been waiting 20 minutes for a second diet coke. This restaurant gave me the worst service ever. Denny's has crushed village inn. Denny's has excellent service and clean bathrooms! To conclude, I will never come back to village inn. Worst restaurant experience ever.
