5	Eric and ADAPT provided me personalized training that fit my busy schedule. The training is superb and I highly recommend it!
5	I purchased the Groupon and I was not sure what to expect. Prior to class I received assistance with the registration process and website via email communication with ADAPT.  I received confirmation and reminders with what we needed for the class. On class day, they were very knowledgeable. I most appreciated how they addressed what you might be taught at other schools and they explained why they teach the methods they do.  It came across as dispelling a myth almost and there was no trash talk of any other organization everything was professional and well organized. ALL you have to do is apply what they teach you and you will be blown away!
4	Took my CCW class on Friday with Eric and his staff at ADAPT. I got a groupon deal for the class. However, after taking the class I would have paid the full price for what I got. The class allowed for way more range time than any other class I have ever looked in to. 5 hours on the range and 4 in the classroom. We learned the basics and more. Eric gave us real world experiences and trained the class on actual situations.  The range was very interactive and I learned a wealth of things and I have been shooting most of my life. I would recommend this class to beginners or any one looking to broaden your knowledge on the CCW permit and carry process.
5	Trained with Eric and he was not only Professional, but a great spirit and very entertaining.  Will be using Adapt for all of my training needs in the future.
5	I could not be happier with my ADAPT concealed firearms class today. I was originally planning to go to a range much closer to my house but had a horrible experience trying to register with them. I am so glad it didn't work out. The 45 min drive to the ADAPT class at the Clark County shooting park was well worth it and worth every single penny. There was 3 hours in the class room and 5 on the range. All of my questions were answered and I feel very well informed of the laws and regulation on conceal carrying. The range time was very informative and fun. I enjoyed all 3 instructors. They make it fun! I was never bored.  They are witty and engaging while being professional. I will recommend ADAPT to everyone. It was literally just how I was hoping it would be. Perfect. I feel lucky that I found ADAPT.
5	Signed up for a concealed weapons course that I found on Groupon.  The range was top notch, and the facility and classroom were clean and comfortable. It started at 0800 and didn't finish until a little after 5:00.  The course had some safety instruction and some basic refresher info on your gun.  We spent a good amount of time on the range shooting about 100 rounds. Then there was a test to qualify that was super easy, which everyone passed in our group.  Then in the classroom there was a lot of information on the laws of Nevada and weapons. It concludes with a final multiple choice quiz which was also super easy. I really learned a lot, and the instructors were helpful and informative, all with a splash of humor. Eric was super knowledgable and professional, but kept me laughing the whole time. I guess there are shorter courses out there, but I really enjoyed this one, and recommend these guys for anyone interested in weapons or self defense training. I will take another class with them soon.
