1	I can't comment on the ice cream, because the place was so dirty and the service so unfriendly that we left without trying it.
2	One of the number one, absolute, most terribly important necessities for me in a city is a good, old-fashioned ice cream shop. Homemade ice cream and toppings, sodas, floats, banana splits ... all of which are on Leatherby's giant (and a little pricey at first glance, but the serving sizes are dipped to share) menu, but I gotta tell ya ... it's not that great. The ice cream has pretty good flavor, but lacks in consistency. I've even bitten into chunks of ice in my Black 'n Tan sundae, which consists of toasted almond and vanilla ice creams, chocolate and caramel sauces, whipped cream, nuts, and a cherry. That aside, I find myself a repeat customer at Leatherby's. I can't help it. I think it's just the soda shop atmosphere that I crave. Oh, and Amy. This is one silly, kooky lady. She's been the only person working the counter each time I've come in. She raves at you excitedly, arms up in the air, about her home made ice cream and how people come in just to buy quarts of the hot fudge. She'll give you a free sample, if you ask. In fact, she'd be THRILLED to.She introduced herself to us as, "I am Amy Giant Sundae." My friend extended her hand and said, "Uh, I'm Stephanie." She put her hands on her hips, eyes widened, and said, "Steeeeeephaaaaaanieee? Stephanie, you come back, you have more ice cream."So, ice cream, so-so. Prices? Steep. Entertainment value? Top notch. And, oh, if you do decide to give it a shot, and even if you are the ONLY person in the dining area, do not try to pick up your order at the counter. Let Amy bring it to you, otherwise you'll hear about it. ,': )
4	Leatherby's was a treat growing up.  Our trips from Henderson "into town" were few and far between, but if we were ever near the Leatherby's we'd stop.  This is the place I had my first waffle cone and banana split and I remember both with a startling clarity.  This place was far more special than the tiny Baskin-Robbin's on Boulder Hwy.  This was another ice cream dimension.Time's taken it's toll on little Leatherby's.  The location it's in has, admittedly, turned a wee bit to the scary side.  It's not as sparkling and new as it used to be, but it still serves up decent scoops.  With the competition of places like Cold Stone, Ghirardelli, and other 'gourmet' creameries, I'm sure Leatherby's has had its customer base reduced, but the atmosphere of this place is so charming and real that it can't be denied.  And man, for me, going back in here and wading through a pool or nostalgia can't be beat.
4	This place is a diamond in the rough! This is always the last stop before we head out from Vegas cuz it's just good to leave after a hearty burger, fries, and really good ice cream. The service is fast and friendly also. It's family owned and ran so you see the same people all the time. It's not going to be a very fancy looking place cuz it a pink building filled with old table and chairs that wobble. It's a real old-fashioned ice cream parlor and I swear they've kept a lot of the original furniture haha. They have old-school looking pictures and posters up and could really use a make over, but it has no effect on their food or ice cream.They have a lunch special that gets you a free root beer float if you order a sandwich or burger before 4pm. It's no dinky float either. I always get the Craig's all-night breath burger with Swiss cheese cuz there's no other way for me. The fries are really crispy and it's just good eatin'. I think the burgers are the best thing on their menu cuz I was disappointed with a couple of their sandwiches before. Their ice cream is handmade on site and is really good. They have a lot of different flavors and you can get scoops, sundaes, and shakes.It's sad to see it so dead, but we always try and order lots to give them the business and we tell all of our friends about it. It's really simple food, but that's what exactly what I expect and what I want from there.
3	Ok I was super impressed by the amount of ice cream they could fit in a banana split!  I liked the lunch special with a sandwich.  It made me feel like a little kid in a pop shop!
3	I've heard about this place time and time again. That if you do a throw down with the ice cream banana split (large in proportion mind you) that you get your name up on the famous wall. On a most recent trip down to Las Vegas our friends had dared another one of our friends to do accept the challenge. After doing a late check out of our hotel, we were stumped. To watch our dear friend dare the challenge of ice cream mayhem or to satisfy this inevitable appetite calling out to us. 7/7 agree, the starvation had to insatiably meet our mouths and stomachs. -- After lunch ---We finally headed out to Leatherby's Ice Cream Shop anyways to check it out. Whether he was up for it or not, it was still worth checking out. Our friend did not end up trekking the challenge due to a stuffed tummy, but we did end up grabbing a scoop of ice cream for dessert. Their ice cream is homemade and this quaint establishment is family owned. My husband and I asked for a scoop each of our favorite flavors and granted we only wanted one scoop, we got two! Their portions are HUGE! Not the fanciest place around, but sometimes it's not about all of the gadgets and gizmos. It's about the service, quality and the homemade loved ice cream just for you.
1	apparently, this place used to be quite the hot spot back in the days. Now it's run down and the food is a horror. Got the philly cheesteak sandwich which was not that great. Tasted like a frozen microwaveable hot pocket. Not to mention there was a skin of an onion (gross) wedged in there. The ice cream is said to be homemade. I got vanilla flavor topped with hot fudge, caramel , and bananas. Unfortunately, by this time I was so turned off I couldn't enjoy it.
4	This place has been run down by the times, but BF took me for some homemade ice cream. Kinda odd location, but I suppose at one point this was a good location for them before Vegas changed.I really like that they have peanut butter sauce here and couldnt resist a peanut buttery sundae to split. We shared, but couldn't finish it and probably needed a 3rd person to polish this off. Our vanilla was creamy and consistent texture, but with not much people coming in I can see how some of the unpopular flavors can get icey since the other ice cream scoops flavors in our sundae had some ice in it. Food decet- not something I'd come drive for, but if I'm there it's not a bad idea to grab a diner-eque sandwich. The server is kooky in a cute way and was very sweet and attentive. If it wasnt so far off  location for us, Id probably come back for some ice cream. I think, if they were to move again they probably can drum up some business. It'll be some time before I'm on that side of town to drop in but I do appreciate keeping homemade, real and having the ma and pa feel.
4	I've heard about this place from a few people. When I went in, I was kind of shocked by the small menu for sandwiches and burgers etc. The place is mostly ice cream, which wasn't the impression I was given by people who had talked about it.The place is sparsely decorated. The food was quite decent and the server was a very pleasant Chinese girl, who was very shocked that I could speak to her a bit in her own language. The milkshakes we had with our lunch were also quite good. Not overpowering in taste, and not sickeningly sweet. The only real negative I found with the place, is that the seating is very uncomfortable. They could really use a few booths and some nicer tables. I'm guessing part of this is due to the economy, however.All in all? I'll go back and try it again. Maybe just get normal ice cream or a sundae or something, and see if it's still as good. If it is? I'll keep going back.
4	Old fashioned ice cream parlor with tasty banana split, good kids menu, and nice place to bring kids. If you are looking to have wings, french fries and ice cream, come here! Your kids will love you!The server is a very heavily accented Chinese lady, and the service is fine. It could be better run, but I like this place! It is nothing compared to Fentons, but hey... old fashioned ice cream shops are dissipating so lets keep supporting this place so it doesn't close down. I am sure those who payed for a plaque will be super sad. There is this giant ice cream sundae that cost $16 and it comes metal name tag that they put on the wall. There are lots of them and if I had $16 to spend on myself for just ice cream, I would totally enjoy being a part of the leatherby wall of fame.
1	Horrible experience! There's hair on my boyfriend's sandwich, and this asian lady goes "that's not hair, it's cheese!". Later on she still insisted "that's hair but it's not human hair!" I don't freakin care what kind of hair it is, i just want our money back! She offered another sandwich, how can you stomach another sandwich? This place is nasty and horrible. Please save yourself from headache and leaving on an empty stomach. Do NOT go here.
3	I went here last night to try the place out.  It was OK.  I was very close to closing time arriving at around 9:45.  The woman was pleasant and she made my sundae quickly.  I got the Black and Tan Sundae which is described by their menu as:  Creamy vanilla and toasted almond ice cream drowned in Leatherby's caramel and chocolate fudge, topped with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry.It was good but at $7.35 plus tax for two scoops of ice cream, that's too pricey.  For that amount, I can be sitting in Max Brenner's in the Forum Shoppes and not in a run down, older restaurant that has seen better days.I don't need to return.
