5	I have tried several dry cleaners in the valley and haven't had much luck. If the shop did an OK job cleaning our items, the customer service was lacking. At other shops, the staff seemed helpful but the quality of work was poor. Once I started going to Happy Cleaners, I was ecstatic to finally find a place that had great value and amazing customer service - the best of both worlds! The first time I used their service was to clean my wedding gown, so you can imagine how critical a customer I was. :) They consistently exceed our expectations and we refer our friends and family there any chance we can get. I can't recommend them enough... they do a fantastic job, and I feel great supporting a family run business. They are 15 miles away from our house, but it's definitely worth the drive. Check them out and I guarantee you won't be disappointed!
5	I just recently starting using happy cleaners and i'll never go any where else now.  They are always so friendly  and they go the extra to make sure my clothes are prefect.  I brought in a pair of pants to be cleaned that had a ripped hem but never really thought too much about it.  When i picked them up Happy Cleaners informed that they had fixed the hem and didnt charge me anything for the service!  it's the little things like this that will keep me coming back to Happy Cleaners.  It is just an added bonus that their prices are also very good.  I highly recommend happy cleaners to anyone!
5	The best dry cleaning place in the east valley hands down! The family there is super nice and as a recent college graduate, it doesn't hurt that their prices are very reasonable. I have not been disappointed once and I will continue to use their service. Good job!
5	I have been going to Happy Cleaners for quite a long time now and felt compelled to give them a review.  I can honestly say that we have NEVER been disappointed with the quality of the work.  Our dry cleaning is well priced and ALWAYS perfect!  We have had several other services including tailoring and alterations and we are surprised by the low price and quality of work.While you may find similar pricing and quality, what I challenge you to find is friendlier service.  It seems like service has become something of a lost art, but not at Happy Cleaners!  How rare is it to go into a business where they actually great you with a smile and call you by name every time you come in.  They are simply over the top and they will have me as a customer as long as they are in business.  Happy Cleaners is a perfect example of how a small business should be run!  I would highly recommend that you try them out!
