4	Came here on a Monday afternoon to pick up a few sandwiches and some iced coffee. Interior was nice and clean. Definitely smaller than the other 2 locations. It was a little hot inside due to the doors being open.Service was good. The cashier informed us of their grand opening special and gave us 2 flyers to redeem the deal. Since they have been only open a few days, they didn't have their credit card machine up and running yet - so we had to pay with cash instead. Food was good. Ordered a Chinese meatball sandwich, a grilled pork sandwich, and 2 iced coffees. Bread was warm and soft with a crunchy exterior. Iced coffee was delicious!
5	Oh Lee's why must you take my money and fill me with joy.. Same great quality and flavor only right next door to my house! Location is much smaller than others with a small dining area but who cares this is the best quick take out to his the southwest part of Vegas! I have a feeling that I will be in here quite frequently. Hey it's better than McDonald's! Give me that crack iced coffee!
3	Great morning staff.. but when I went on the weekend with my kids they wanted soda and the soda machine was down. I understand you guys barely opened but sucks you guys don't offer any soda for kids that doesn't drink the stuff you offer.
3	Lee's sandwiches are lee's sandwiches iam just excited I don't have to drive all the way to China Town to get my Viet Sandwich fix...Yay!!!
5	Exactly what the southwest area needed. I will be coming here now for lunch! Yay! Delicious and quick. And for the price at $3.95 a sandwich, it is definitely worth it.
4	i think we all know about the reputation of Lees Sandwiches. Although i prefer the bahn mi from Dakao the smoothies here make me just kill two birds with one stone. the smoothies here are good. so the combination and varieties here are good i want to try thye regular sandwiches and it seems you dont have to get the sandwich on the french bread they offer crossiants here too..
5	Bomb Dot Com. Must try the hot wings and their iced coffee is pretty strong, if you like coffee. I prefer the Thai Iced Tea. Mmm perfect! Nice clean environment, friendly staff and nice little waiting area, so you're not just standing around awkwardly.
2	Everytime i come here theres never bobba! And they take forever to make sandwiches :/ save your money and time, go to the one on eastern and 215.
1	Wow. I ordered 2 sandwiches and one of them was adequate, but the other one  (for my husband) had 1 thin slice of ham and 1 thin slice of turkey on it. Way too much lettuce and barely any mayo. Completely tasteless.  Step it up guys!  There is a Capriotti's less than a mile away that never disappoints!
5	This Lee's Sandwiches is a good one compared to the many I've been to. The only real negative, if I were to compare it to other Lee's Sandwiches, is that this location is small. I'm used to the ones in southern California, which are larger and offer free wifi. So I'd only come here to simply eat or grab take out. However, I had awesome service here; everyone working was really nice. The sandwiches are what you'd expect from Lee's - fresh, typical, etc. Bonus points because the bread wasn't too hard. It was crispy but still soft and chewy inside. I had a friend who bit into a french bread that was so crunchy she broke her veneer! That wasn't at Lee's though. Anyway the facilities are clean. There's a TV while you wait. I ordered a chicken baguette and french horn. A lot of the places in CA don't make french horns anymore by a certain time of day, so once it's sold out, tough luck. Not here though! I came in at 7 PM, and they were making fresh french horns! I was so happy. I saw the worker choose a nice one from the rack, and he put it in a separate bag from my sandwich to prevent squishing it, especially since the goody was so soft coming straight out of the oven. He even took special care to give mine extra powdered sugar. I would come back!
1	I typically enjoy Lee's sandwiches but this location specifically employees moronic individuals who have Absolutely No Customer Service and do not give a $*** about their customers. This is my 4th time in Here and each time except the first has been HORRIBLE!!! I LITERALLY JUST LOOKED AT MY FOOD FOR 10 MINUTES until I said excuse me is that my order.  Oh ya he said and walked away and no one gave it to me. I had to raise my voice  a bit.  The chubby guy at the register did not help nor handle anything. The young guy who just clocked out was standing in front of the register and just stood there and watched me as well. Like OMG are you serious. And the man after I rose my voice finally started to give me my food and I said this food is now old as we ordered 25 minutes prior before their hey her food is on the counter revelation moment.  I say the good is cold the egg rolls need to be replaced and the guy just looked at me looked at the bags looked at me and then started to replace the egg rolls. Now I am sitting at my desk my sandwich tastes disgusting the meat tastes old like its from days ago.  It sucks compared to the one on Spring Mountain and they all suck compared to the ones in California.
3	I was driving in the area and just noticed that this new Lee's location just opened up recently. I quickly flipped a U and decided to stop in for some banh mi. Service was friendly and my order was ready quickly. I rushed home and the bread was perfectly baked and the sandwich was spicy and had just the right mixture of ingredients. There was plenty of meat and tons of delicious pickled veggies. Decent chain location and nice slush options minus the overcooked boba.They take credit card for orders over $10. Glad to have a more food options on this side of town.
