5	I will keep this one simple - If you like Chinese food, then you will love anything you get at Chens..  Hands down the best place to eat Chinese in Queen Creek.
4	Took Matt S. advice, I am new to Queen Creek from California. If you are coming from Queen Creek and you are heading south onto hunt highway, Chens in on the left in the same center as Frys Market, but its around the corner a bit, we had to look for it. The food was great my wife and friend loved it. Always love a good Chinese place. The portions are huge so beware. We had three people with  a grand total of $44.00 with tax. We had plenty of left overs and quality food for about the same price as Panda Express, which I am not a huge fan of. I ordered the orange chicken it was really good, slightly crispy on outside and the orange sauce was great.  Thank you Matt for great review I know we will be back for take out soon. I would highly recommend Chen's Chinese Restaurant.
1	Been there twice now and ordered different items to make sure I wasn't passing judgment on just one dish.Tried a couple of the staples of all Chinese joints; beef & broccoli and chicken teriyaki. The beef and broc was about 3.5 stars, good portion but the veggies weren't cooked right. The chicken teriyaki was horrid. Literally the WORST I've ever had including the mall food court. If you were to put the "chicken" that they used in the dish in front of anyone I'd be willing to bet they couldn't guess what kind of meat it was by looking at it. It tasted very odd and like it was half processed fat and had a crispy texture inside that was rather sicking. To top it off they put it on top of a bed of shredded cabbage (weird huh?) which gets mixed in with the "meat." I recommend you stay clear of this dish.The other 2 things I didn't care for was the egg-rolls and the egg-drop soup. The egg-rolls ($1 a piece) were very small and mostly wrapping. You're better off getting them from Jack-n-the-Box. The egg-drop soup had sweet corn in it which I'd never seen and didn't care for. Some restaurants use cornstarch to thicken it but never corn.Bottom line; It's the closest thing we've got out here for many of us but you might want to go to Jungle Buffet or Panda Express which I'd rate slightly higher than Chen's. If you do go to Chens-anyone-seen-my-cat-Chinese place just stay away from the chicken teriyaki and tell 'em no cabbage.EDIT: Bobo's China opened up across the street. The food is much better there & the portions are bigger. Don't go here at all.
2	Okay,, here's the truth,,  Chens is mediocre chinese food, no doubt.  Its a chain of chinese restuarants and before i moved out here to BFE,  there was one by my other house.  There are 2 chinese places in my hood,  Bobos and Chens,  and there both about the same.  If your in the mood for chinese and you dont want to drive very far,,  they will hook u up, but make no mistake,, its not good chinese food!  If u want good chinese food,, P.F changs or Pei Wei, but there not very close..
1	Some of the worst Chinese food on the planet and it is served with some attitude. If you live in QC try China Chef by the other Fry's, blows this dump away!Soggy dead food! That sums this joint up.
5	I love this place. The food is great and for the past three weeks my family has got there for lunch every Saturday. The food is done really fast and it is always fresh.
3	Decent food at a good price. Bargain lunch specials in a good atmosphere.
2	Unfortunately this is the closest Chinese restaurant to me.  I say that because I love Chinese food, probably my favorite cuisine, and I won't be going back to Chen's.  My wife agrees that this is sub-par for sure.  Below average quality.  I agree with Alex U. that China Chef, just a short drive up Ironwood from Chen's, is much better.  Skip this place.
2	Very interesting experience - Went there since it's close to where I'm visiting.Two people enrtered Chen's before I did and were perusing the menu so I did too !There were no combo's in the evening and I was not impressed with the look of the place nor the prices on the menu.The people ahead of me handed the menu back and left and seeing the sullen reaction of the manager, so did I.
4	I order food from here a lot for my grandparents. It's a small place in the Fry's shopping center. I personally like the orange chicken, sesame chicken and beef and broccoli. The food is good here but I do think it is way over priced. The family meal is good and comes with two main dishes, egg roles, shrimp, rice and soup. This place is worth trying if you like Chinese food.
1	Zero stars.... HORRIBLE experience. Hot and sour soup sucked, was so thick you couldn't eat it. We told them it was horrible and they started telling and arguing with us saying that he has been making it the same way for 25 years!!!! Can you believe that? They charged us for soup we didn't eat and were straight up yelling at us about the soup and telling us that we aren't "real Americans."
3	If we are in the mood for Chinese food and don't feel like driving we end up here since it's the closest place to our house. It's not the worst Chinese food (better than Panda Express) but it's not the best either. Their fried rice is pretty bland, but I love their Terriyaki Chicken and my husband likes the Szechwan. Owners are pretty friendly and service for takeout is very fast most of the time. They deliver too.  Overall, not bad.
1	They are only getting one star because yelp requires it.  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Was caught behind an accident that was keeping me from picking up my call in order.  Nothing to do about that out here, Hunt Highway is one lane each way.. One would think that this would be an acceptable excuse to not pick up my call in order, and I thought it best to call and let them know I would not be able to make it in. Oh, no!  The man on the other end screamed at me!!  Called me nasty names and called me (expletive) stupid!  Told me he would call the sheriff as he had my phone number.  I tried to explain the situation once again, however, he could not even hear me as he was screaming at me at the top of his voice!  I finally had to hang up on him.  Needless to say, this was my first and last time trying this Chen's Chinese Restaurant. Will drive the extra distance to go to the Chen's down the road near the Safeway in Florence.
2	It's ok chinese, nothing special.  The Chens on Baseline and Ellesworth is much better.  Not sure why such a big food quality difference when they seem to be owned by the same people.  Anyways, it is not bad, just nothing special about it.
1	Food was barely edible, is there any good chinese in Az?Language barrier!Don't order the spring rolls!Don't order the sweet and sour pork!Won't be back.
1	This place is right by my house, and we were hungry, so I thought, "why not?" -- that was my first mistake.My second mistake was assuming the waitress understood what I was ordering. She didn't.I ordered tofu, she brought us chicken. We are vegetarians.Sent the chicken back. Pointed (again) to the menu items we wanted. Brought the food but the tofu was so mushy, it was more like soup than fried as it stated.We dined in, and our drinks were all empty (not eating, might as well drink, right?) for almost the entire duration of our visit. Never got refilled, even though there were only two other patrons in the entire restaurant.The flavor of the food was a fail, the texture was a fail, and the language barrier was actually such a problem that it helped ruin our lunch. :( Very disappointed. Won't go back.
1	We tried to order lunch special ,we miss the 3:00 dead line by 5 minutes then the lady was rude about it  will never go there again
5	It may be a small restaurant but the food is amazing. Not greasy like other Chinese places.  We normally call in orders and it only takes 10 to 15 minutes to wait. Portions  are big and the staff is friendly.
5	I love this place and am a little shocked at some of the comments regarding the behavior of the employees. I've always been super polite and nice, and in return so have they. I mean, if you start telling them their food sucks of course they'll become upset (wouldn't you?) But putting that aside, there is a bit of a language barrier so take that with a grain of salt. If we can't understand a comment, they're understanding and repeat what they say kindly. The food itself never disappoints. They have the best sesame chicken and Mongolian beef in my opinion, my sister practically fantasizes about the crab Rangoon, and the rest of the bunch enjoy the egg drop soup. There's always plenty to go around if you do the family meal. I would expect leftovers unless you're feeding a football team.Chen's is a little small, and so if you live close takeout might be a good option but we've never had a problem with getting seats pretty quickly on a full day. It's got a China Town vibe, everything is clean, and they even have a spotless family bathroom (some places I've been to don't have that luxury, surprisingly.)Overall it's a good restaurant and I will be coming back again and again just like I already do.
4	Have to say I love this place. Usually order take out vs eating there but they are always very friendly when we go in.   Food is yummy, the price is right and service is quick.  Would have given 5 stars if they would deliver lol!
1	The food is dry. The prices are high. Your order is never right. I've gone here twice. I thought the first time could of been a fluke. Take your business just around the corner to bobo's for great food!
1	They REALLY need to get an online menu. We tried to call and ask some questions to potentially place an order over the phone and finally had to give up and drive down. The egg flower soup was not good at all and had so much less in it than the past. The chicken chow mien was almost only noodles, again unlike the past. The moo goo gai pan was good, just not much chicken. Overall, VERY disappointed with our $31 purchase. But it was cooked very quickly. Lol
4	Chen's is great for nearby Chinese food cravings. It's close, quick and very tasty. I am very impressed with their chow fun and Hong Kong style noodles. Wish delivery was an option.
