5	Excellent, professional, on-time service.  Tile-cleaning was excellent - highly recommend.
5	After checking out at the hotel me and my wife were staying at, I lingered around the front desk just glancing at the newspaper that was there while my wife grabbed some coffee and went in the gift shop. While standing there, I overheard a gentleman talking to the General Manager about his carpet cleaning company and how he could be of value to the property. I was impressed with what I heard so, after he was done, I told him I had overheard him speaking and was wondering if he did residential carpets as well. He said yes. I asked if he'd drive out to Ontario to do my house and he said yes, so we went over what I wanted done and he gave me a quote on the spot with no open ends. I must say, the guy was 7 minutes early so that was a huge plus. He was also very thorough with not only our tile in the kitchen and dining area but also our carpeting. There were a few pee spots on the family room carpet from the dog and, due to him being very meticulous, he was able to get them out. Another thing I'm used to with other carpet cleaners is the up-charge to remove "tough" stains. Not this guy, he attacked them and did a great job and kept to his original estimate. The reason I will call this guy again, he called me aside and asked me if it was ok if he used a non-green chemical on my carpet to remove those pesky pee stains prior to spraying it down. That to me was huge. It showed he respected my home and well-being. I must say, we have our carpets and tile cleaned roughly every 4-6 months and our grout lines in the tile have never looked better. I was also very impressed that he left us with shoe covers at no charge. Very stand-up businessman and he's our guy from here on out. If only all home contractors could be like this guy.
5	There are many postive things to say about their service.  Patrick was the gentleman who worked on our carpet.  Time - He arrived exactly on schedule.  I have a busy schedule and had to carve out some time for him to swing by so punctuality is a major plus.  It took his time to make sure all the spots were cleaned up as best as he could get them.  Cleaning - As mentioned above he took great care to ensure that the spots that were treatable were fully worked over.  He vacuumed the room and treated the stains.  He took great measures to ensure the stains were treated (with eco-friendly treatments) as fully as possible, scrubbing on his hands and knees.  After the washing, he made sure that the carpets dried as quickly as possible.  The tank had so much dirt extracted from the carpet that the water was a nice dark grey. One room was so clean that I thought the lights in the room were on!  It turns out the lights were off and the carpet looked like new.  Service - He explained that the machine he uses pushes water straight down into the carpet and pulls it back up.  The water recovery would be around 90%. This is a good thing because not only do we not want wet carpet but we don't want mold in the carpet pads.  A look at the tank before and after, showed how much water was recovered and it looked like almost all of it was still there with the addition of dirt.  Service would be the separation between choosing different providers and he made sure he explained every step in the process to allow us to understand what he was doing.  EDIT: I forgot to mention that he provided shoe covers and furniture sliders for us at no charge.  Drying -  I have to admit that it dried incredibly quickly.  The first room he worked on dried a half hour after he left!  Thanks for the geat work Patrick!  Recommended!
5	THANK YOU, Eco-Clean Carpet CleaningPatrick (the owner) was professional and totally thorough. It is a good sign when the owner is willing to visit clients. Our 2 bedroom apartment was cleaned after about and hour, very efficient. Eco-Clean uses green products- no toxins or harsh chemicals.  We have pets and looked carefully for this kind of service. Patrick is meticulous, explains every step of the cleaning process and has successfully removed some "surprise" pet urine presents left after a vacation.  The price quote was accurate - there is no up-selling. Eco-Clean gave us all of the information up front before starting the work.  It was refreshing that the "story" did not change at all at time of service- we are very satisfied with the estimate and service. Our carpets are new again.I'd recommend and use their services again, especially for regular annual carpet cleaning!
5	Great job! This was a last ditch effort before buying new carpet. The carpet look brand new.  Couch turned out great, and now we dont have to worry because of the scotch-guarding. Being Eco-friendly was  a huge bonus because of kids and pets.  The owner Pat was very knowledgable and professional.
5	Patrick is very knowledgeable, innovative and very helpful in advising his client what is best for them, his work ethics is outstanding, I would highly recommend my family, friends , neighbors and any one for  their carpet cleaning needs.
5	We recently hired Patrick of Eco-Clean Carpet Cleaning to clean our carpeting and his work was exceptional.  Patrick placed protective corner guards throughout our apartment and took care to not damage anything!   Our carpeting was heavenly stained and matted, however when he was finished our carpeting looked terrific!  Plus our carpeting did not take long to dry and our allergies were not aggravated by the green cleaning products.  We're very pleased to have a professional Green Carpet Cleaning Service that we can recommend to our family, friends and clients.
5	Patrick is great in every way. Personable, VERY hard working, customer oriented, savvy, fairly priced. It's hard to ask for more in a contractor. Hire him and you will have NO regrets. Thank you YELP.
1	Was told on phone that there was no need to move any light furniture- they would move it ALL and that the coupon I had would be dealt with when technician arrived. Turned out I should have moved all furniture I could have because it was not moved! Then the guy that showed up ( with no uniform, an unmarked van and an accent so thick that we could not understand most of the quick, up-selling speak that came out if his mouth) told us that the coupon didn't apply unless he went and rented a cleaner from homedepot or grocery store- what?!?! We ended up paying over twice what add in paper advertised and he didn't move all the light furniture. I called and was told I was wrong and that a manager would call me and then promptly they hung up the phone while I was talking. A manager never called, instead the fast talking technician with the thick accent called and raised his voice to me. DO NOT get duped into using this pathetic scamming company.
