4	Located inside the Student Union building of UNLV, wedged between Panda Express and Taco Bell is a little place called University Diner. Now normally you wouldn't think "gourmet" when you think of the UNLV cafeteria, but you would be mistaken. Luckily with the exception of the standard fast-food fare, UNLV has a couple of places inside the SU and on campus that cater to all students looking to catch a quick bite. University Diner is one of those places with a menu that is a bit eccentric, as it has typical American fare (burgers, fries) and also some Greek goods (falafel sandwiches, baklava). But the best part about it is that they cater to vegetarians and carb-counters alike by making any of their burgers with a fresh veggie patty or protein style, no extra charge. There's a win right there. Their seasoned fries and curly fries are also super delicious and always fresh. Being the vegetarian that I am, my favorite thing to get is their cheeseburger made with a veggie patty. Make that a combo with seasoned fries and a soda, and you're looking at a meal for less than $6. The vegetarian patties are no Boca burgers, they actually look freshly made and are always grilled to perfection. You can actually see mushrooms and red peppers in the "meat". It comes standard with fresh tomatoes, actual green lettuce, onions, mustard, ketchup, and mayo. Not too shabby. All in all, if you're a student or a visitor to campus and you don't feel like running across the way to Stephano's for some Greek or In-n-Out for a burger, University Diner is your best bet and gives them both a run for their money. Since it's prepared in front of you, you don't feel as guilty and the ingredients are always fresh. In fact on this particular visit, the lettuce was a luscious green and the onions extra crunchy. Great portions, great price, and veggie friendly? That's what will keep me and other students of UNLV very happy.
3	Panda Express located inside the Student Union building of UNLV.  Fast, easy and good.
1	For the price students pay this place sucks!  I blame the campus leaders and planners, mainly the president, because they supposedly just remodeled it.  The selection is among the most limited I've ever seen @ a major research institution.  You want a burger, you're going to get a burger, you want a salad, you get a salad, you want pizza, you get pizza; nothing extraordinary, cheap quality at best!  I pity the students that waste their money on a meal plan here when they can literally eat right across the street for a fraction of the cost and get good quality and selection.  UNLV needs to support their Dining Commons way more than they are presently as it is a sad excuse.
