3	Nothing too special here. Laid back neighborhood bar with decent drink prices (especially during happy hour). The food isn't bad either.
3	My parents went to breakfast here 2 weekends in a row and couldn't stop raving about how wonderful their breakfasts were.  We had friends in town from South Dakota, who are huge Vikings fan, and this is a Vikings bar.  We all went out to breakfast.  My husband and I each ordered an omelet.  He ordered a side of pancakes.  Everyone else ordered either an omelet or country fried steaks.  The omelet was a 6 on a scale of 10...not bad but not anything to write home about either.  My husband felt the same way.  The pancakes were horrible!  They were rubbery and slightly burnt!  The "sourdough" toast tasted like someone spread garlic all over it, wasn't toasted and came to our table cold.  I didn't try the potatoes because they didn't look good.  Coffee was average.  Waitress was very friendly.   My parents still like their breakfasts and intend on going back.  I don't think my husband and I will though.  However, in the event we do, I will only come back when the Vikings are playing...by the sounds of it...this is a pretty hopping bar during the football season.
3	Cute, quiet, little neighborhood joint. Great for lunch with some fun co-workers. Not expensive, and the sandwiches are excellent.
4	I enjoy this little bar/lounge for lunch dates with my co-workers/friends.  We come here at least once a week to splurge on something fried, and most importantly the Chocolate Lava cake.  This dessert is definitely on my top 5 in Las Vegas.  If you love chocolate cake, this dessert is for you.  It comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and drizzles of chocolate and caramel sauce.  Yum!I usually order the Tuna melt and french fries here which also comes with cole slaw and a pickle slice.  My friends always order the Walleye Fish lunch or dinner and rave about the chicken tenders.  I plan to come back and try more items on my cheat days!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (58/365).
4	Stopped in for breakfast one morning. Good food for a fair price. Good service as well. It's a perfect little neighborhood place I plan to visit again.
4	My 4 star rating is solely for the food. My hubster and I have always been curious about this place as we live right up the street and since the little one was spending the night at the in laws, we decided to pop in. It wasn't busy but then again it was a Thursday around 6pm. My husband ordered the jalapeno burger that came with thick crinkle cut fries and I had the chicken fingers. I only ordered them because I couldn't figure out what I wanted and I didn't want to hold up the waitress any longer so I was expecting your typical dive chicken fingers...fried with a nasty after taste and thin. I was wrong! Hands down these are the best chicken fingers I have had EVER eaten in Las Vegas (Cane's comes in a close second). Juicy, thick and hand breaded and they give you a shiyet load of them! It came with home made potato chips however I am not a potato chip fan period, so my the hubster ate them and I ate his fries (which were awesome). He also had a few of my chicken fingers and after we were done eating he said "i feel like we've had fingers like that before." We figured out that the fingers here are closely similar to the fingers at Cane's, another fave place of ours! My hubster also raved about the jalapeno burger saying it was juicy and great tasting.
5	This review is only for the chicken fingers. I have never tried anything else on the menu.  Chicken fingers are hand battered and fried to perfection. Best fingers in Las Vegas.
5	Some of the best chicken fingers in Las Vegas if not anywhere. They are huge, made in house and you get a ton (easily shareable). This is no joke, go now and get an order. It won't cost you but like $8 and will be glad you did. They have other food too and it is all well above average for a bar.
4	I had lunch at the Blue Ox on Valentines Day. The food was good, reasonably priced and we had a with good attentive server. It is casual spot and our food came out quickly. Nice portions. Its a good spot for lunch that isn't fast food. The sports memorabila featured throughout is good stuff if you a sport fan and not intrusive if you aren't. TV's that are visible from anywhere you seat.  I had the turkey club with homemade chips and my lunch companion had the dinner meatloaf (more than they could finish). Both very good and hot! You are able to have a quiet conversation. A very good experience.
5	I have now had the HONOR of visiting all three of the Las Vegas BLUE OX locations, with my visit on March 10, 2013, to this central one.Just like the other two, this one is equally spectacular, mostly because of ANGELIKA, who has the "FIVE Ps" needed to be a successful server: She's Polite, Pretty, Perky, Professional & Perfect!  (She also laughs at my moronic jokes.)When I walked into this location on this Sunday afternoon, I felt obligated to "introduce" myself (and tell Angelika of my "experience" at the other places).  She smiled with recognition at the names I mentioned and said, "Oh!  You're already family!"  And allowed me to sit at one of their BEST tables.  She then "talked me into" ordering the Pot Roast, and I'm sure glad she did.  it was  cooked up superbly, then Angelika excellently served it.  It filled me up for sure, leaving NO ROOM for dessert,which is actually a GOOD thing, as I am a Diabetic.You know, there is one thing that I sometimes do at these restaurants, that I almost NEVER do at any other family-owned eatery:  I'll sometimes give the server a very large tip and tell her, "Please give half of this tip to the COOK."  That's what I did today and friends, it was worth every penny, believe me.One thing I really like about the acoustics in this particular bar & grill, is the fact that you can sit on a side with almost NO noisy music or if you prefer, you can sit on the side where the music is somewhat louder.  So, if someone wants a quiet conversation with a potential lover or a "business lunch" with a client, you can achieve either by sitting on the northern side of the establishment, which is extremely quiet and has "elevated" seating.The bartender, TED, is ultra-fantastic at what he does (he does EVERYTHING!) and even though he isn't from Minnesota (as are the owners), he was from my former state of Hawaii.  I moved here from Maui in 1992, while he arrived in the Las Vegas Valley in 1995.  It needs to be noted that Hawaiians are also very friendly and personable, as are folks from the Gopher State.  And, as information, I was a resident of the Twin Cities while attending the U of MN in the late 1960s and early 1970s, so I'm used to being around friendly Minnesotans.  In fact, my first wife was a wonderful born/bred Minnesota girl who attended college in St. Cloud.There is also another terrific bartender named TOM, who has been there around 5 years and who hails from Rochester NY.  He cooks up one fantastic breakfast, every bit as tasty as his contemporaries.  He's also a wonderful conversationalist (when he has the time from his other duties), because there are things a man will only tell his bartender.  Bartenders are, as someone once said, "Unlicensed psychologists, and BETTER at it."This is a quiet and laid-back place with a regular crowd of happy patrons and I'm glad to now be one of them.  It's located on busy Eastern Avenue (near Patrick Lane) and is convenient to everywhere in the Metro area.Stop in soon, folks, and find out for yourself how special this place truly is.
5	Real close to work. Ordered chicken fingers. Great! House potato chips! Amazing.
3	Good r-b sticking food, not upscale, but not a dive.  But it's a pub. No I would not take kids there.  Solid alternative to chain restaurants. I had a steak - it was fine, did not care for the cheese infused Texas Toast. Service was nice and friendly.
5	At first I am told, "Hey guys, tonight we are meeting at the Blue Ox"...and I am like WTF is a Blue Ox and my buddy tells me "Oh it's this bar right across from this Walmart in this office/commercial building on Eastern.... and i'm like thinking to myself how bad this place must be....WRONGGGGGG!!!!(And KICK MYSELF IN THE FACE)After taking an evening to visit the Blue Ox, I can tell you one thing, it makes me feel like Paul Bunyan, majestically riding Babe through the endless forests, swinging his axe with no cares in the world.........Focus!! back on topic!2 words - CHICKEN FINGERSI go into Blue Ox without knowing anything about this place, the ambiance, the food. the staff, etc. So I sit down, enjoy a few of the $2 PBR's and find myself a bit peckish. I call the bar keep over and ask for a recommendation, he instantly says the Chicken Fingers. I think to myself, "Bar chicken fingers, oh joy, they must taste like EVERY OTHER BAR IN VEGAS". Alas, I AM hungry, so I accept his recommendation and wait for my Tyson's frozen fingers to arrive.A few minutes later I see this giant plate of something head in my direction, thinking that this must be a plate of nachos, a party platter or something. BOOM, a plate straight from heaven falls in my lap. HOMEMADE Chicken Fingers, each the size of a baby arm, WITH homemade chips! Fantastic! Everything about these morsels of chicken were great....a huge unexpected surprise. I am completely defeated by the quantity of food, barely able to finish the last finger and last sip of my beer and call it a night. What an adventure! All at this little place they call the Blue Ox. What an unexpected surprise....
4	I ordered the chicken tenders and they are awesome. Hand battered and huge, twice the size of most tenders. Comes with homemade chips that where just as amazing.The place was very nice, well lit, and felt like a nice place to bring the family. They however are unable to serve anyone under the age of twenty one due to some kind of smoking law.I will definatly  be going back!
5	Chicken strips are great! Service is great as well. Friendly staff, cheap drinks, tasty bar food and close to airport - enough said!
1	Poor management and bad bartenders. Place is a joke. 30 year old carpeting. Save your time and money. Smells like vomit and get this...they charged the designated driver for a cranberry juice (4.00). Pathetic!
3	If you are a Vikings fan... this is the bar for you.  I'm not but my husband is.  (Go Giants!) The bar itself is filled with Minnesota pictures, sports memorabilia and food.  You can smoke in the entire restaurant so it has that certain smell.   As far as the menu, you can order the Minnesota Twin burger, the Kirby Puckett, the Timber Wolf French Dip and even Walleye.  There is a great variety of food since it is open 24/7. We ordered the Triple Decker Club and the Chicken Sandwich.  Crinkle cut french fries accompany the meals.  There were 6 of us and decided to get the homemade potato chips.  These are pretty darn good! Not healthy by any means but tasty!  My sandwich was good but I would just say good... not great.  The chicken sandwich was not chicken breast but ground chicken.  The hubby would say it was just ok and not really what he expected.   We have ordered the chicken fingers in the past and those are easily split between two people.  Huge portion and very filling.  Our waitress did an amazing job.  She was funny, kept the drinks coming and chatted with us for a bit.   So the service was great.  We have tried to come here on a Sunday to watch the game and it's packed!  If you want a seat, get there early....   I was surprised actually by how many Vikings fans are here in Vegas.  All in all, it is a great place for games or after a night of drinking and need some greasy food to fill the stomach.  Probably would give them 3.5 if I could.
5	I've never been inside an Ox before let alone a Blue Ox, but I dig it. Blue Ox is better than blue balls, blue eye shadow and blue anything else maybe. Babe knows what's up.Blue Ox is a small dimly lit tavern that you probably pass every day. That's okay with  me. Keep passing it PLEASE. More Ox for me:) They do have regulars I'm sure, but I don't know any of them. My favorite group was this older man and I swear his sister wives. This lady had the longest french braid with the bumped bangs in the front and a shirt buttoned up to the roof. The other lady looked slightly more modern with a slutty skirt suit on. Definitely 3rd wife material. Not Boss like 1st wife. Other than that the crowd is all over the place from what I gather.FOOD: All about them chicken fangers. Not to be confused with fingers. You have to say fangers because you have to say it with love cuz they are in a class above the entire universe of chicken fingers. They are the size of Arsenio Hall's big ass alien fingers. All white meat dipped in that crunchy beer batter made fresh to order. NOTHING BEATS THEM. They have different sauces to dip them in and always served with their homemade potato chips and house-made Ranch. The fangers are the star here, but there are other delicious items on the menu as well. Example: Grilled chicken salad. I try to stay clear of fried foods most of the time so I do get this salad loaded with chicken, eggs, tomatoes and all the other salad fixings I like. However, my cheat day breakfast item of choice is the Country Fried Steak. I have only had it once, but hot damn it left a mark on my heart and on my thighs. It's the size of the Hustler Club. Excellent homemade soups are bomb, too and the kitchen is open 24/7.DRINKS: Dirt cheap. I want to say my guy had a tall, spicy Bloody Mary for $3. No drinks are over $5 that I have ordered. The bartender is quick and friendly. Hell, all the staff is super cool.Did I mention the jukebox? Full of 80's, Dave Matthews, Blink 182, etc. I spend more money on the music then I do on the food and booze!  Blue Ox is my bar. I come here and can set the mood with the music and always have a good time. Please, keep passing it by and leave it all to me:)
4	Stopped in because it's close to my shop. Had the chicken finger sandwich a fry's. The chicken finger was more like a thin chicken breast lightly battered. Great sandwich. I plan on making more trips there for lunch in the future.
5	Best chicken strips ever!  Homemade potato chips are amazing and I have always had really good service, love this place!
1	Good chicken fingers.
4	The Rubin is great but really we really go for the home made chips.
4	Love this place. It's smokey, but they have great bartenders, including the owner Mike. The friendliness separates them from the corporate bars like PTs Pubs. It is a Minnesota bar. All Minny sports take precedence on TV.Best Double burger in town, & only $8.99. It's the char flavor that makes it stand out. They also have the best chicken fingers in town, freshly breaded right after ordering.
4	Not truly a "4-Star" establishment, but if you are a regular they treat you like family.A great East-Side dive for those who who just just want cheap-and-easy bar food, video poker, beer, and a place to watch the game. Btw, this is Minnesota Vikings bar, and even though I bleed gold and green, I have no problems coming here often.Try the Kirby Puckett: roast beef, tomato, red onion, and cream cheese on a hoagie. Don't forget to get it with a side of home-made potato chips.With pool tables, nooks, plenty of room at the bar, and a staff of folks who always remember your face, but maybe not your name, this is exactly what you want in a local hangout. All of the above with zero pretension. Gotta love it!!
1	Went here for lunch ordered the special chicken Philly, the chicken tasted slimy and under cooked. After explaining to the waitress the she argued with us the about the type of chicken and the way it's cooked! Then took one of our plates back to remake sandwich and brought back old cold fries! Felt like she could of handled the situation more professional, so since I did not eat at all the rating is completely on service and the way my situation was handled!
5	I love this place...all of us from UNLV go up here for the cheap drinks. The wait staff is awesome. If you are going to go up there...ask for the server Jamie! He rocks! The bartender Ted is awesome too! Great spot and a lot of fun! Plus a digital jukebox!
5	Best local bar stop after work! We somehow meet up with the happy hour! Love the service! And location is minutes away from work (Airport) pretty cheap prices and super good food! Been here about 6 times and it's never a fail! Made joint our hang out spot after work with colleagues. Not bad! Great environment.
4	Anyone remember the song "Du Hast" by Rammstein?  We've rewritten it:"Blue....Blue Ox...Blue Ox, B*tch!"I haven't been to Blue Ox in a while, but I used to go every Sunday night for karaoke back in the day.This place has the BEST chicken fingers I've ever had in my life. No joke.Its been a while, like I said, so I don't remember all of the things I've tried here, but everything was always delicious, and the staff was always super great.I've been craving good chicken fingers, and I'm off my nutrition plan next week, so  a trip to Blue Ox might just be in order...
5	Just came in for a quick drink. I just missed my bus on the way home from work and this bar was located just behind the bus stop. The staff was super friendly and the environment was nice and relaxing. A great place to hang out after a long day at work. I was highly impressed and I think I found a new place to be at on a regular basis now. I only ordered one drink and didn't have enough money to tip the bartender and I feel horrible about it but I will more than make up for it on my next visit. Keep up the great job guys. See you again soon.
2	The prices here are pretty great, they got big TVs so it's a good place to watch the game. However when the check comes, they always seem to give back the wrong amount of change, and not in your favor.
5	Some of the best chicken fingers in town. I have been going to the Blue ox for at least ten years. It is great to see what a great job Mike has done running the place since his fathers untimely death last year . Love this place.
5	By far the best bar in Vegas. I have been coming here since I've been able to drink. The first thing I noticed was how nice the staff was compared to bars that I've been to before. They're fast with drinks. They always look out for you and they all have a good sense of humor.Their prices are the cheapest I've ever seen. No one in Vegas is going to offer alcohol cheaper than here.Also, their food is amazing. If you want a good burger or chicken fingers, this is the place.
5	Best chicken fingers on this globe. No joke- hand battered, super crispy and so juicy. And the Minnesota twin burger is excessively larger and delicious by the way. The bartender and waitress are super sweet as well.
