5	I have been coming here for a few years now for Vet needs an grooming excellent Dr an Staff always treating our dogs wonderfully.
5	We've been using this place since we moved to the area a year ago, and love their service and attitude.  Everyone is welcoming and very friendly to both the dogs and the humans.  Even though it's a bit farther for us than a few other vets, we'll keep going here for the quality.  Pricing is fair and reasonable.
5	I wish I would've found them sooner. If you are like me, your "pet" is not a pet, but your family. When my Kaysee became sick, I took her to Banfield just up the street from these guys. Don't do that. The staff here were really quick & kind when I called about letting my fur baby go. She was diagnosed with Stage 4 Lymphatic cancer & her legs and other parts of her body began to swell. She was so kind hearted & strong willed that she wouldn't give up despite her condition. She was so frail, she hardly looked like the same dog. Kaysee was my companion for 12 years. I already miss her, but am glad she is not in pain and finally at peace. It was one of the most emotionally traumatic experiences of my life hearing her yelp and scream, but I knew she was scared more than anything else when she was injected. I wish I would have taken her here initially so that I would have been given more direction as to when to truly let go. Banfield never said she is in pain and not to prolong it. They took $800+ for tests & pain meds. They just wanted to keep pumping her with medications. Again, wish I would have found these guys sooner. The vet there is a really really nice guy. Did not talk in circles like Banfield's vet. He was clear, concise, and tried to be as accommodating as one could be in that situation. I am going through tough financial times, but did not want to have her dumped in a landfill. I chose to pay for a group cremation which was $65. The whole process was about $170.00 for the office visit, euthanasia, and mass cremation. I'm happy to eat bologna sandwiches everyday so Kaysee didn't have to suffer anymore.My heart is so sad but Im thankful that Kaysee isn't struggling to hang on.
5	I took my dog to our normal vets office for a tumor under her chin that was about the size of a quarter. They quoted about  $750 to $1,000. That is a lot of money. My daughter posted on a lost and found pet site on Facebook. She received info from someone about Academy West. I called and made an appointment for a "second opinion" at Academy West for today. She was able to get the tumor removed for $223.00, the same day. I live in central Phoenix, but will take my 3 dogs there in the future. Dr. Kimmel and his staff were really great with my dog.
