4	Great sweet potato casserole & ribs. Friendly people who love to bbq.sauce is a little sweet for my taste but they put it on the side so thats good.I only had the opportunity to try their goods at the 1st annual Charity BBQ Battle.I voted them for best side dish.
5	Believe the hype - it may just be a food truck, but Top Notch Barbeque is a legitimate BBQ game-changer in Vegas, with the potential to do for que what Slider Truck did for burgers. The Las Vegas Weekly just recognized them (rightly) as the best BBQ in Vegas, which is a refreshing change of pace in a city that insists on bowing at the overrated altars of flavorless Famous Dave's or jerky-tough Memphis Championship.The thing to order here is the pulled pork sandwich topped with Cincinnati chili. It's like two of my favorite foods ever made a delicious baby. Served on a crispy toasted bun, the sandwich is a brilliant "why-didn't-somebody-think-of-it-sooner?" pairing of rich, smoky (apple and pecan wood, I think?) and impossibly juicy pork shoulder and just a touch of sweet, spicy Cincy chili. Honestly the pork is a little more chopped than pulled, and while I generally prefer the latter, this is perfection. Especially when contrasted with the relatively thin texture of the chili, which is a perfect example of the unique, cinnamon-centric regional favorite. The only other spot in Vegas serving Cincy chili is Egg and I/Egg Works, and to be honest I find their chili to be overly sweet and a little dry in comparison. But this? The real deal.The only other meat I've had there is their hot link, which is juicy with a nice snap - I wish I had ordered it with the chili. Their potato salad is the only side that I've had, and it's superb. I've heard many good things about their sweet potato casserole and baked beans and definitely look forward to trying them.Their sauce comes in mild and spicy; as is custom I opted for the hot. Which actually had a fair amount of bite - a rare thing for me to say about anyone's BBQ sauce.A word must be said about the service. Pitmaster Jimmy Cole is welcoming, outgoing, energetic and friendly - and his passion for what he does comes shining through.I just wish they'd sell the chili on its own. Because I would put that on everything.
5	As a long-time dweller of one of the best barbeque cities in the world (Memphis, TN.), I regularly frequented the Memphis-in-May festival's BBQ Championship.  Top Notch would be a seriously competitor.For the past 12 years, dreams of "barking" dry ribs and sweet pulled-pork turned into nightmares as, one-by-one, chain BBQ joints sold leather and shoe lace masquerading as "authentic" Memphis-style BBQ.  Top Notch does it right understanding that "dry ribs" are an art form derived from perfectly blended spices, fruit-wood smoke and, at most, a scant amount of cider vinegar to salve the sweating pig.  The sauce I tried was not showy and complemented pork perfection, rather than attempting to cloak dry, under-cooked meat as is typical of many "sauce-based" chains.Knowing how good the meat was, I would have still given 4 stars had Top Notch tripped on the sides, but they pulled through for 5 with great service and a sweet and crunchy (from a brown sugar, pecan topping) sweet potato casserole, which was practically a souffle, and a creamy potato salad.  I even enjoyed the Texas Toast, which was an adequate shovel for scarfing the last remnants of shredded pork and sauce.Next time (read: Tomorrow), I will definitely indulge in the Cincinnati Chili - I hope to convince the owners to boil some pasta soon and serve up a 3-way, smothered in shredded cheese.  In any case, Ohio's loss is Las Vegas's gain when it comes to Top Notch Barbeque!
1	Went to the new one on Eastern in Henderson.  Not good at all!  Texas toast only toasted on one side.  Had a BBQ Sandwich which consisted of soggy Texas toast, pickles an onions on the side and two tough rib bones with BBQ sauce on top.  Really?  And they are trying to charge Lucille prices!  They plaster this special deal on their window and it is nowhere on their menu.  You have to ask about it.  Then, this is what you get.  So glad I didn't spend more.  I don't mind spending 80 bucks at Lucilles, but not here.  Never again.
5	After trying their ribs once as take-out, I was impressed enough to return for a meal in the restaurant. The reviews that I read here complained about their service mostly but I must say that Liz was covering the tables like a blanket. Her helper served us our drinks as soon as we sat down. Liz came to give us the menu and left us alone for a few minutes. Then she was there to take the order. The food came within 10-15 min and the owner came to make sure everything was OK. During our meal, Liz was there at least 3 times to see if we needed anything. I do not know what else one can expect in terms of service in any restaurant. As for their ribs, they were SUPERB, by far better than the famous chains and definitely up there with Rollins, if not better. The sides were very good as well. If you are worry about your weight, do not order the best side dish they have. That would be the sweet potato casserole. The cole slaw and french fries were a little better than average. There is no attampt to create any atmosphere here. The emphasis is food and it is very good. Their recent nomination as the best ribs in town is well deserved. They also deserve more clients to make sure that they stay open in Henderson for me :).
