4	This place just opened a few days ago, and they don't even have a sign on the building yet.  That said, it's definitely worth giving a try.The food quality was generally very good to great.  The scallops and salmon were both very good, as were the wings and pork belly appetizers.  The desserts were very good as well.  The only thing we weren't in love with was the turkey sandwich.  The turkey itself was very poor and had a weird consistency - sort of like "spam" is to ham.  The place just opened though and we mentioned this to them so we'll give them a pass and a chance to fix it.Atmosphere is decent.  It's easily one of the top few places in Fort Mill in terms of straight food quality.  A nicer place in that sense, but with a more casual environment.I would like to see them have a few beers on tap.  The bar is decent but only offers bottles.All in all though we were pleasantly surprised by our visit here.  The food was tasty and beats out most other options in Fort Mill.
4	Happened upon this place by word of mouth from a friend.  Located in "downtown" Fort Mill, Local Dish offers a welcome alternative to the chains and strip mall restaurants found off 160 and in the Baxter Area.Menu choices were interesting and service was great.  While they appear to still be ironing the kinks out on their menu and other offerings (opened only a week) the Meatloaf, Chicken Pot Pie and Fried Green Tomatoes were great!  The place was full by 6:30 and was definitely satisfied with the meal even if it is a bit pricier than other places in the area.There is parking on the street out front and in the rear off Clebourne.  No sign out front as of yet but it is the yellow building next to the Spratt Building.The only negative I found were that while everything served was very fresh and flavorful, the meatlof was served with what appeared to be canned english peas.  Without those I would have given 5 stars.   I can look past that with how good the tempura fried green tomatoes were however.Fort Mill needs a place like this and we will be back.
4	I was literally driving through "downtown" FTM and saw this place out of the corner of my eye. Turned the car around and decided to go in and try it out. The owners are super friendly and genuinely care about the best interest of the customers. The menu is a little different, but it forced me to go outside of my comfort zone and try something new. For an appetizer we played it safe with wings, and they were really good-actually better than most wing joints. A little spicy, but very good. For my entree I had the chicken and waffles. A combination I have never heard of (I'm not from the South), but it was surprisingly very tasty. My husband had the pot pie which I also sampled and it was full of flavor. It had a different taste than your average pot pie-probably due to the Parmesan.The service was excellent, food was quick, and the ambiance was very quaint. I was overall very pleased with my experience, and give the owners huge props-especially for only being open for a week or so.
4	This place is a winner .. devilled egg and  sweet potato Hummus appetisers are great and then we had the Chicken pot pie, shrimp and grits and the Salmon- (my son had the homemade chicken tenders). All of which were excellent. The ONLY thing? The desserts were dissapointing, small and just a little unexciting. That being said, we will definitely return and just skip dessert next time.
4	After seeing an article in the Fort Mill times, we tried this place out today, and I was very pleased!  The PLT was very tasty, with moist pork belly, and a tempura-fried green tomato. Lots of flavor! A little overwhelmed by the big bun, but it was a fresh, homemade bun, so that's a plus. The fruit side was fresh and local (the waitress told us where they bought the peaches).  I think the pulled pork nachos are my new favorite thing in town.  The chips were large and hearty, so they didn't break under the weight of the savory pork, black beans, and cheese.  Definitely big enough to share. I really liked the decor, as well--light and airy! And heck, I can walk there from home--and will.  Looking forward to trying the shrimp and grits.
5	A great place for lunch or dinner in Downtown Fort Mill.  Everything that I have tried has been awesome!   The Shrimp and Grits are amazing and the Local Dish Burger is mouth watering. If you are looking for bar food, similar to the prior establishment,  you won't find it here.  The cuisine here is more upscale and a must for anyone coming to Fort Mill!
5	Stopped by with a friend the other night. What a welcome spot to have in Ft Mill!  Service was great. Pork nachos were some of the best I've ever had.  For dinner I had the pot pie and it was wonderful.  Nice fresh puff pastry and the filling was wonderfully creamy and rich with lots of fresh veggies.  My friend had the salmon which she raved about.  We split a warm blueberry cobbler for dessert- simple and perfect.. Not too sweet so you could really taste the fruit. I had zero complaints.. Great food and reasonable pricing in an enjoyable setting.  My friend noted that they could use to add a couple more mid-range wines but other than that she's happy! We will be back!
4	Delightful cafe with friendly enthusiastic staff. Great selection of locally sourced Southern faves. And great bang for the buck!
4	Fun little joint for lunch or dinner in downtown Fort Mill.  Absolutely wonderful that all items are local and/or organic.  I recently had the Fish Po'Boy.  Very tasty.  I encourage you to try it out when driving through Fort Mill.  I just hope this starts a trend of local restaurants in the downtown area.
5	I LOVE this place for dinner.Hummus is yum.  Scallops were mouth watering. Go.
5	Easily my favorite local place to eat!!! I order the same thing every time because it's SO good that I just can't get myself to venture away from it. It's the Local DIsh Burger & it is to die for!!!! The burger is cooked to perfection, then it's topped with pimiento cheese, thick crispy bacon, and spinach and served on a pretzel roll. OMG, it makes my mouth water thinking about it!!! I've also tried (because other people have ordered it :-) ) the chicken & waffles (YUM!), the chicken wings (which, according to my daughter, are the BEST in town - and she would know!!!), the Pulled Pork BBQ sandwich (awesome), and the cheese fondue (SO good, but could use more toast points with it!) So happy to have such a wonderful place to eat in Fort Mill. I would much rather stay local & support local than driving uptown. I can't recommend Local Dish highly enough!!! Incredible fresh food, fast & friendly service, & a homey atmosphere.Heading there for lunch today!!
5	Great food, good atmosphere. A welcomed addition to the generally bland food options around Fort Mill. You won't be disappointed.
4	Local dish was a local surprise on a recent drive from Massachusetts to Miami. Yelp steered us to it, and it was a charming, tasty option for our evening. We sampled almost all of the appetizers, some great...some ok. (The deviled eggs pale in comparison to our own homemade recipe, and strangely had a slight funky taste that wasn't to our liking.) However, the drinks and service were friendly, the vibe cool and relaxed, and the evening a good one.
5	I have to admit, I LOVE this place!  The people are friendly & have personality & the food,... GREAT!  Definitely going again.  I was invited to dinner by my sister and have never been-moved to the south in October of 2011.  I had the pot pie, (was planning on saving some for lunch the next day, didn't happen) and I must say it's the BEST I have ever had & the dessert....well no contest!  The staff is fantastic and the place is inviting in every way.  Cozy inside & welcoming.  Everything my sister and her family ordered looked amazing.  My mom had the chicken and waffles...I should have tasted it, she said it was good! Can't wait to go back!  The menu has a lot to offer and will most likely go there soon for take out or invite some friends for a time out! Keep up the great work!
4	A very good resturant.  Chicken pot pie is delicious.  Chicken tempura is phenomenal. Husband really like meatloaf.  When the menu is more extended 5 stars will come quickly.
4	Very Southern!! I'm not from the South however when reading books and watching movies with Southern display on the forefront I SEE this PLACE all over it.The tables have actual kitchen towels that one would use in their kitchen to dry the dishes and these are used  as napkins. It's small, quaint and the food is all from local farms and VERY GOOD.I've had the Fish sandwish with fresh cut green apples and blueberries on the side.It's Good and the staff is friendly..
5	Excellent food and service! I had the meatloaf, risotto, and collards- all delicious! Love that this restaurant uses local ingredients from local farms.  We will definitely be back!
3	We've been wanting to try this place for several weeks and finally made it on a Friday night.  They had a pretty good crowd around 7:30, and we liked the southern/local vibe.  We had the boiled peanut hummus and loved it.  It's actually a sweet hummus which we didn't expect but really enjoyed.  The crostini was a bit too hard and sparse.  Could've used about 4 more pieces.  A neighboring table got the pimento cheese fondue and it looked awesome.  I ordered the pimento cheese sandwich with fries and my husband got the pulled pork sandwich with fries and cole slaw.  He was underwhelmed by the pulled pork but loved the bread (brioche?) and the hand cut fries.  I loved the pimento cheese sandwich on sourdough and liked my fries as well.Service was prompt and friendly, but we were put off by 2 things.  First, there were several empty tables when we came in and we asked for one on the side.  The gentleman told us someone had just called in for that one and so we'd have to sit right in front of the door where there was a huge draft every time someone entered or exited.  We were there for over an hour and no one ever showed up for that table.   The 2nd thing was that the waitress took our drinks away before she brought us the bill.  I've never had a waitress do that before.  She just came to our table, asked if we needed anything and then cleared the entire table before she brought the bill.  If we hadn't had those 2 problems I would've given them 4 out of 5.  Good local food, good atmosphere for a casual Friday night.
4	In a shop front along Ft. Mill's dead main street?  You bet and a great sign that there is hope for a Main Street renewal.  Local Dish is local, fresh ingredients and nicely done.Interior is sparse, with bare hardwood floors and simple hand-made signage with quips on the wall.  Tables, chairs are about it.  Not much decor or ambiance, but once you get your food, who would care?Menu has some unusual items, and covers the waterfront of reasonable meal and appetizer choices.  Yes, desserts, too, but not being a dessert-eater, I don't pay that area much attention.Watching cooking and restaurant shows, I kept hearing of braised pork belly which is very thick "hunks"of bacon.  Local Dish as it on the menu as an appetizer and it was decadent and delicious.  Rich, fatty, flavorful and yummy.Had the shrimp, artichoke and tomato pasta, which was scrumptious.  In fact three of the six of us had the pasta.  Their humble hamburger was wolfed down by one guy, who would not share.  He only said it was great and that the meat was excellent.  Wife has wedge and some other appetizer, thoroughly enjoyed.Full bar that knows how to do a perfect Manhattan and a terrific apple sour Margarita.Forget reservations, as they do not take them.  So arrive early or prepare to wait, especially on weekend evenings. We left, all happy.
5	Ok so this is an update... They obviously changed the desserts because they are now HUGE, more than enough to share. Three words, Doughnut. Bread. Pudding....insanely good. I am going there for lunch in 10 minutes :)
5	Blink and you'll miss it. But don't miss it, because this is one of the best eateries in the Charlotte area. Tucked away in a storefront on the sleepy main street in the old section of Fort Mill, Local Dish ascribes to the "farm to fork" philosophy, and it ascribes to it in spades. Everything is, as the name suggests, locally grown, and tastefully prepared, done with the right amount of Southern comfort. Try their Local Dish burger, topped with a massive dollop of pimento cheese and crispy cured bacon, with a generous serving of spinach. This is one of the best burgers in the area, and if you're willing to drive to the hinterlands that is Fort Mill to sample this, you won't be disappointed.Local Dish is a charming eatery with a friendly, welcoming vibe. I've eaten there a couple of times now, and I'm being treated like a regular. I love that. If it were up to me, Local Dish would be better known throughout Charlotte. But for now, I'm happy that it's one of the best kept-secrets, and I'm even more glad that I live just a hop, skip, and a jump away from one of my new favorite food joints in town.
4	Certainly a great example that you don't have to sacrifice quality or creativity in running a farm-to-table restaurant.  Worth the drive from South Charlotte.  Loved the green beans, the bacon-wrapped scallops, the shrimp & grits, the PLT (which the g-free wife had sans-bun) and the slices of pie for dessert.Only nit we would pick: those chairs have seats that are very nice for long legged adults, but very uncomfortable for kids.  Ours, who are restaurant vets, struggled to sit still in them the entire time.Nonetheless, the food is more than good enough to bring us back.   Service was friendly as well as capable.
4	Nice decor, love the fact that it is local foods..which is why we went.  Staff was very friendly, food came out quickly, beers where from local brewers...Sweet Potato Gnocchi was very good, my wife got the pork chops and I got the angus burger.  My burger was good, would have liked it to be a bit more juicy and flavorful, but maybe it was just healthier than other burgers so it didn't have the grease and fat.  I would definitely go back, maybe try a different entree.
4	Lazy Saturday afternoon, rain has stopped and dammit I'm hungry!Since I pass by this place virtually everyday on my commute back and forth to work, I figured let's stop and have lunch.  Nothing seems to last very long in Downtown Fort Mill, so get in while it's open.  Great concept right?  Local, Southern fresh, farm to table type cuisine all makes for a great lead in.Walk in to a cute, homey type feel with hardwood floors, decent chairs, I sit down at the table and the first thing that grabs me is the "mini towels" as napkins which signifies to me that things are about to get messy.  The decor was simple, with cool pictures of veggies and local stuff that was the antithesis of the Cracker Barrel.  I skipped breakfast and was pretty hungry, so onto the ordering!Our waiter, Kyle was quick to show up with a menu and offer for drinks.  I asked him about the Pulled Pork Nachos which he said it was his favorite thing on the menu.  Kyle, you are a menu pickin' fool my new friend!!  These damn nachos were the best, let me repeat best, nachos I have ever eaten. Slow cooked shredded pork tossed with a hearty BBQ sauce, pico de gallo, melty cheddar cheese, black beans and nicely topped with a pepper cream sauce.  The combination of flavors were such that a smile immediately came to my face and didn't go away until the bowl was clean.  It was a great portion and I started to think about when I would be able to come back and have them again.  Remember the Dad in "A Christmas Story" won the "major award" and it was the Leg Lamp?  These nachos are deserving of an award that major!Kids had the kids portion of fried shrimp and chicken.  They were tempura battered and the shrimp were the kind that were fresh caught from the coast, not the typical "kids platter" of fried crap that just fell off the Sysco truck.  The breading had a nice spice to it and I was delighted when my daughter informed me she was full and I ate the rest of what was on her plate.The service was attentive and spot on.  I asked for some hot sauce and he brought me some hot sauce from the place next door, which was good and way too hot for my pansy ass.  This lunch was absolutely wonderful.  I am glad I tried it since I will be a frequent repeat customer.  This is the type of place that as I was calculating the tip on my bill I was already planning my next trip.See you soon Guys!!!
5	I really love this place. I love that Local Dish is putting an effort into revitalizing Fort Mill's downtown. I love the food. I love the staff. I would love a bigger menu, but that okay, because I know it's local, fresh, and made from scratch to order. I am so happy to have something like this in Fort Mill. What a nice change from fast food and pubs. Thank you Local Dish for putting southern hospitality back in the south!
4	We just recently found out about Local Dish and I can absoultely tell you will will return.  The atmosphere is very warm and casual and very friendly.  We tried the fried green tomatoes and they were fabulous.  I ordered the Local Dish Burger which was a fairly large burger topped with bacon, pimento cheese and spinach on a pretzel roll and while it was not the healthiest thing to eat it was amazing.  We will definetley be returning.
4	I've driven by here many times, and despite all the accolades, I could never make myself stop.  For me, a big part of dining out is atmosphere and I wasn't too sure about Local Dish. I guess I prefer places with comfy booths, nooks and crannies and a little privacy.  At the same time, I love the idea of supporting a local business.  This weekend, we finally went.  I'm glad we did.  Yes, the restaurant is one big open, bright room, no comfy booth in sight, but somehow, it works. Local Dish feels friendly, relaxed and the kind of place where the staff wil remember you.  Our server was Kyle and he was soft spoken, but knowledgable about the menu and very efficient.  Across the board, our food was very good.  The shrimp and grits dish was very creamy and rich.  I've been craving it ever since.  Sandwiches were all tasty (burger and PLT).  The buns were especially fresh and tasty.  The food came out very, very quickly.  Impressive for such a small place.  We tried the bread pudding and their new strawberry cake for dessert. Both very good - not great, maybe - but they cured the sweet tooth.
4	This was our 2nd visit. Pulled pork nachos were a big hit. My current favorite nachos. Pot pie wasn't a great hot weather choice so will take some ownership here. I'd say we liked it a lot but didn't love it. Will go back for sure!
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Everything sounded great, but did not meet our expectations.  Pimento fondue app was good, but nothing special.  I think the crostini overpowered the dip.  I had the meatloaf.  It was a little dry and bland.  The sides (collards and mushroom risotto) were great, though.  I think the risotto is one of the best I ever had...so creamy.  My husband had the shrimp and grits and thought it was good.  Overall, a good meal.
5	Looked on Yelp for somewhere to eat at the last minute - Local Dish on Main Street???? Never seen it and I drive by all the time.  Let me tell you, LOOK for it - it's definitely worth it.  We wanted something fast so we offered to sit at the bar since at 7:30pm on a Wednesday they only had one table for four left. The place is homey and comfy in an under stated way.  You feel someone's local Mom opened a restaurant.  I loved how the kitchen door was open so you could see in and watch the guys cook.  The service was fast and attentive.We both had the pulled-pork and loved it.  The buns were delicious.  We also split the  bacon wrapped appetizer with mashed potatos with chilli oil.  These were amazing!!! Next time I go I am just going to order 2 o3 of these and call it a meal.  The home made fries were a great addition.  Great fresh food - great service - great time.  A home run in Fort Mill - See ya'll soon again!
3	My husband and I finally checked out this place after hearing about it only a couple weeks ago.  The idea of a cute storefront restaurant on Main Street intrigued us.  We went on a weeknight and found the place surprisingly full - there were only five (of about 15-20) tables available when we arrived.  However, we were quickly seated and provided with our requested drinks.We had pork bellies and kale chips for our appetizers.  The pork bellies were divine.  The kale chips were a bit lacking in flair.  It was basically dry kale with paprika sprinkled on top.  Not much else.My husband got the Local Dish burger and declared it good.  The fries he got on the side were great.  I ordered their chicken & peaches sandwich with coleslaw on the side.  The coleslaw was fantastic and I could have eaten more than the serving they gave me.  The chicken sandwich was average - but I loved knowing I was probably eating peaches from just a few blocks away at the Peach Stand.  The chicken itself was a bit dry but was helped by the pesto, spinach and peaches that came on it.Why did I not give it more than 3 stars?  Because a second visit will be required, with other foods tried, before I decide to bump it up to four stars.  The restaurant was charming enough (and prices decent enough) that we'll most likely go back again the future.
3	This is a great atmosphere, good food, but the portions don't match the prices. My husband had the chicken n waffles which were good, but was still hungry after eating the entire plate and an appetizer. The beer seemed quite expensive as well. I would not recommend it to a friend.
5	Mmmm... perhaps I should've waited til my food coma passed to write this, but I'm feeling fat and happy!  This was the my second time to Local Dish, and it was even better than the first time.Tucked into downtown Fort Mill, the atmosphere makes you feel like you're eating on your grandma's porch.  Ceiling fans swirl overhead and painted, wooden table and chairs sit on a wooden floor, and pictures of local farms hang via clothespin on the wall.After reading some glowing reviews of the jalapeno lime hummus ($4), the fella and I started with that.  Y'all were right - it has a little kick to it!  That didn't stop be from eating it with a spoon when the crostinis were gone though.  After hearing a few people rave about the scallops the fella got that for his entree ($21).  His expectations were high after the recommendations... and he wasn't disappointed.  I got the PLT - braised pork belly, fried green tomato (YUM!), spinach and jalapeno aioli on a brioche bun.  Did I mention YUM?  How have I never seen this delicious combo on another menu?  The waitress came over to check on us, and I couldn't even speak to her because I didn't want to stop savoring my food.  I got it with a side of fruit - strawberries and peaches - and they were fresh and juicy... a good balance to the salty sammich.Speaking of our waitress, she was awesome.  She checked on us just enough, gave us some suggestions for next time and did everything with a smile.  The owner even came over to thank us for coming in.  An awesome addition to Fort Mill!
5	Food was amazing!   Service was attentive!  Love it!  They accommodated my GF/CF dietary restrictions.  Nicely crafted cocktails.  We had bacon tomato soup.  It was so delicious.  Then I had jalapeno hummus with corn chips (cuz I couldn't eat the bread)The pickled watermelon salad was so good!  But the pork belly....I could wax poetic for years about the pork belly.  I couldn't leave until I stuffed every last morsel in my mouth!  It was legit.  Melt in your mouth.  Can't wait to go back!
5	They would have gotten 4 stars anywhere else (still very good), but 5 stars for Fort Mill.  I have been waiting for a place of this quality for a while.  I had the scallops and my wife had the chicken salad.  Both amazing.  I wouldn't get the scallops to go again, I am sure they are better in-house.  Corn risotto was the best I have ever had.  We will be trying everything on the menu, for certain!
5	I love local dish. This place is amazing and located on Main Street of Fort Mill. I have been about 4 times now and I have only gotten one dish. It is the veggie sandwich. It is so good and fresh tasting. *I do only have one complaint. They have changed the spread on the sandwich. It used to be a ginger mayo and it was amazing. Now it is pesto, still amazing, but not as good. The drinks are really good and decently priced as well. It is a small restaurant with little seating. Get there early or have a reservation. The staff are very nice and the kitchen staff come and visit your table. :D
5	Have eaten here a couple of times and am really impressed. Everything we have had has been excellent. This includes the shrimp and grits and fish po-boy. A great local restaurant that we will be returning to often.
4	When I go to Local Dish, I'm instantly transported to the Hominy Grill in Charleston, one of my favorite restaurants. Local Dish features similar butcher paper-covered tables, gourmet Southern cuisine, and did I mention the fun cocktails? It's no-frills and doesn't deck itself like a Cracker Barrel. By not trying to be something it isn't, it's an awesome place. There's a homey feel from the front door down to the dishes, with washcloths as napkins and attentive servers. They won't be telling you stories all night, but if you ask for a hot sauce, they'll ask what kind and bring over every kind they have from down-the-street Pucker Butt over to the table.I highly recommend the Bacon Old-Fashioned, a potent concoction of bacon-infused bourbon, orange slice, bitters, and club soda. And the perfect start to Local Dish's cuisine.The cuisine is creative with Southern-style dishes. Boiled peanut hummus, Pimento cheese fondue, and chili-oil scallops are all great, prepared well, and are a delight to eat. This delicious approach goes all the way to dessert, where I had trouble putting down the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. It's fusion food I can get behind.This is a wonderful addition to Main Street, Fort Mill. In between all of the antique shops and crumbling bricks, it's great to see a fresh-minded and fun place like Local Dish.
5	Go there all the time. The scallops are wonderful and the roasted salmon with fresh zucchini noodles is my favorite. I even went and purchased a mandolin to try to duplicate without luck. I am so happy they brought the beet salad back for fall/winter, which is a must try. My husband always enjoys the burger and gave rave reviews for the shrimp pasta. A must on your places to try.
4	PBLT (with pork) good, but not as good as a BLT :-).  Chicken salad sandwich, fried green beans and fried spinach exceptional! Can't wait to come back & try more!
5	Wow!!! WHAT can we say! Fantastic food and casual environment.   Pork Belly...oh rahh, Chicken Skins are better than Husk in Charleston,  Bacon wrapped scallops were perfect....check this place out.   We will most definitely be back.
5	Local dish is a bright spot in downtown Fort Mill. Ingredients are  from local farms, Pimento cheese sandwich and meatloaf are couple of good dishes. There is fair size bar as well.
4	What gem in a small town of Fort Mill.   Started with the peanut hummus and it was very good with lots of bread. Main course was salmon with zucchini and it was great!  Nice portions and the service has always been very good.  All items were nicely priced including the wine.   I have been in this restaurant 4 times and never had a bad meal.   Wish this place was open for breakfast!!
4	This is a great restaurant!   I love the fried spinach, the pimiento cheese burgers, and  just about everything I have ordered from this menu.  The owner and the wait staff are great.  It is so refreshing to have a nice restaurant in Fort Mill that is not a chain.  Especially on Main Street.  The price of the menu items is reasonable and appropriate for the high quality dishes.
4	Great food from a local business. Wish they had a kids portions or we would be there much more often. That is probably by design anyway. :).
5	My wife wanted us to try this place for a while and we finally pulled the trigger tonight. Great atmosphere... small room. Right on the main street in Fort Mill. Very unassuming place with lots of charm.She ordered the shrimp and grits and loved it! I tasted it and concurred. It was fantastic. I got the meatloaf because I was hungry and was afraid one of the other dishes would be too small... and man did it fill me up. The meatloaf was tasty but a tad dry.. so I asked our server to bring some gravy... he scared up gravy which I think is used for the braised short ribs and it did the trick! They should actually serve the meatloaf like that... I needed to find their suggestion box! The mushroom risotto and collards that accompanied the meatloaf were superb.Contrary to an earlier review on here, they do have a kids menu.. you just have to ask your server. My four year old had that pasta and she liked it! They also offered chicken/shrimp/fish, fried or grilled and a grilled cheese for kids.Since both my wife and I are counting calories right now, we had to turn down what sounded the like the most awesome dessert in the area: donut bread pudding with a salted caramel sauce... when I'm down another 20 lbs, I'll indulge on a "cheat" evening!!
5	I went with a group of friends for dinner for the first time. We ordered to start the pulled pork nachos - yummy!  Then I had the seared scallops with risotto and carrots. Scallops were cooked perfectly and seasoned just right. I placed a to-go order for the hubbie of the shrimp pasta which I tried too and was delicious. Overall all the dishes were superb and I'm so looking forward to going back again!!
5	The shrimp and grits are awesome and the service is great. The food prices are average but the beer is a bargain for this type of establishment. If you haven't been, you need to try it out.
5	Great food and service.  Reasonable prices.  Something for everyone on the menu.  Been here 5 times and great food every time. Support the local businesses!!!!
4	We were just passing through and were lucky enough to find this pretty little South Carolina gem.  Inventive and fresh but not fussy comfort food locally sourced, some local bottled beers, and smiling, prompt service!  A great choice for the traveler looking for an authentic experience, and well worth the highway detour!
5	We loved local dish. The food was fresh and local and the service was great. This was so much better than a chain and just as fast. Enjoy.
3	We have heard many recommendations for Local Dish, so we were excited to finally try it. It's pretty small, so we got there early to avoid a wait. They have many great looking dishes on the menu that I want to go back and try,  but when I saw Chicken and Waffles, the debate was over. Unfortunately, it didn't stand up to the chicken and waffles I've had in the past. The chicken is tempura fried and delicious. It was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. It was perfect. However, the waffles.... I was expecting a big, fluffy belgian waffle covered in syrup and butter (chicken and waffles isn't a healthy dish). The chicken was served with six mini waffles that reminded me of Eggo Minis that I made for breakfast in middle school. It's really unfortunate because the chicken was so good. Anyway, as I said, I want to go back to try at least six other options on the menu, so it didn't ruin the restaurant for me. I will be back and I will update my review when I do.
4	A little expensive, but good nonetheless.  Fun, local versions of Southern lunch and dinner items.  Friendly, informative, non-rushed waitstaff make it a pleasure to view the menu and enjoy the meal.
4	I really enjoy eating at Local Dish.  A few weeks ago my husband and I took our family there who were visiting the Charlotte area.  They loved it!  I love the small eclectic atmosphere that they have going on. I love their shrimp and grits.  I dream about those shrimp and grits.  They are amazing!  Def. get them if you are a fan of shrimp and grits.  I can't say anything about their drink selection as I have been pregnant every time that we have been there.The doughnut bread pudding is amazing!  LOVE it!
4	Heard about this place through a friend so my wife and I decided to give it a try. Very glad we did! They have some of the best scallops and risotto I've ever tasted. They need to step it up as far as the desserts go but everything else was fine.
4	This place is exactly what Fort Mill has been missing! Delicious food and great ambiance. My friend and I shared the pork nachos and they were amazing. We cleaned the plate. She had the chicken pot pie and thought it was excellent. I had the salmon and it was slightly overcooked, but still very good.  We shared the blackberry cobbler for dessert. My only suggestion would be for them to carry more varied wines to pair with meals, but otherwise I plan on going back again very soon.
4	Boyfriend and I have been waiting forever to try this place, we only heard great reviews. They did not disappoint. Environment is casual, but food reminds me of something that I've paid twice for at other places.
4	This place makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside.  It reminds me of the type of hidden gems you find when you go to the mountains...like Blowing Rock, The Highlands, or Chimney Rock.  It is a perfect cafe with a solid menu, friendly service and in a nice spot in downtown Fort Mill.I tried the Turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich with a side of fruit.  The hubs...shockingly (not) ordered the pimento cheese burger served with fries.   The burger was on point and it had bacon on it!  The cheese was melting into the patty and the burger was nice and hearty.  The fries were long, thick and crispy...very good!!The service was laid back and friendly and you can tell that it is a local favorite.  It just has a happy vibe.  I loved it.  I don't venture out to downtown Fort Mill often but what a perfect lunch spot after hiking, biking or walking around the greenway!  If you find yourself in the area, definitely stop in!
5	I had the meatloaf with collard greens and mushroom risotto. The meatloaf was tasty but needed some sauce. The real winners were the collards(cooked perfectly), and the risotto! Creamy and full of mushrooms. Yum!My wife had the salmon with a tomato base. The salmon was cooked excellently. The tomato bar was silky and flavorful. A very successful meal.
5	I had the house salad, braised short ribs & buttermilk pie.  Everything was so good I wanted to lick the plates clean!!!  Even my hubby, who is picky like me, can't wait to go back.
5	So good!!! I had the pulled pork nachos. The  best I have every had. Must go!! I will be back for sure.
5	Simply superb,  classic cuisine.  Braised peek belly,  lettuce and fried green tomato sandwich was amazing.
4	Really neat restaurant. Original wood floors and bar.  I had the fried green tomatoes which could have been seasoned.  Also the shrimp and grits were very filling and creamy, just like Grandma used to make.  This dish did have andouille sausage which took over a bit too much.  I was in the mood for seafood and the sausage was a bit much.  Waiter seemed a bit dim, the acoustics make it loud.  I would be proud to take any out if tower here!
5	Great food and service.  Got the burger with their pimento cheese on it and the fried green beans.  Both excellent.  The server was smiling and attentive even when it started getting busy.
4	The food will bring you back...     After moving to the area, this was the first restaurant that I visited. I have visited many times since.      The food is very good. I personally enjoy their traditional, buffalo flavored wings and their burgers. I have had other items from their menu and have never been disappointed. They do change their menu for the season, which is great. The menu is short and sweet and I always appreciate a simple menu; however, I personally think theirs can use a little more variety.      The environment is very relaxed and welcoming and the staff is very friendly. I do enjoy that aspect of the Local Dish but for the price, the wait staff can use some coaching when it comes to professionalism. The bartender seems to be pretty knowledgable about his position and he certainly displays the most poise of all the staff.      Overall, this is a good place to dine and have a good drink. Small town feel and laid back service. Not too easy on the wallet. The food is definitely what brings me back.
4	My wife and I ate for the first time.  I had the shrimp and grits and it was one of the best I've had, with a little kick, nice plump shrimp.  Wife had pot pie and at first it was not that tasty but as she got use to the rosemary, she really liked it.  Service was good and food delivered hot and fast.  I will go back
5	I've been to local Dish twice now, and both times being equally great! This causal eatery is located in downtown Fort Mill and very close to my office, so the convenience factor is high.  The decor appears to be the original wood floors and bar located at the back of the main dinning area. The inside reminds me of a country dinner with some sophistication mixed in.  I had the farm burger which comes with homemade pimento cheese on top with lettuce, tomato, and onions. The burger was cooked perfectly and the cheese was delicious! Also the shrimp salad appeared to be very good, at least so I was told from a colleague who order it.If your in the Fort Mill area for lunch I'd highly recommend stopping by this place. Also, it's located just 2 miles of hwy 77 (exit 85).
3	Service was good and it's a nice place but the food was salty as hell and the portion size was puny compared to the price I paid. This is no fine dining experience so don't charge us like it.it really isn't our fault your rent and expenses are high I was very disappointed especially after all the good reviews. I will not be returning
5	Another great experience! Nothing on the menu will disappoint! The special is always on point as well as all the normal favorites. Great little restaurant with an out of town feel.
4	We just moved to Fort Mill from Texas and this was the first restaurant we tried. The food was great and service was attentive and friendly...the noise level was frustrating. The restaurant is really cute but small and so loud.  I'd still go back, just wish you could talk and relax since it's such a great place otherwise.My daughter and I had the chicken and waffles-delicious!! My husband had the pulled pork sandwich and said it was really good.
5	Down home comfort food done elegantly with class and modesty. I think they have something really special going on in there.  Reasonable prices. I sat at the bar and had an enjoyable meal with a craft beer while I was chatted up by a fellow patron and a gentleman behind the bar who I think is the owner.  I read some reviews that indicated that the service was sub par but I witnessed only high quality service all around.  The ambiance is casual but not cheesy or low class.  If I am ever in the area again, I will most certainly visit this fine restaurant again.
5	My boyfriend and I had our first date here and it remains our absolute favorite place. The food is awesome. I loooooove the black bean soup!!!! My fave. I also love the house salad with the watermelon vinaigrette. The fries are great! My guy says the burger is BOMB. I can't tell ya cause I am gluten intolerant so I can't touch the bun. Service and atmosphere is great, I love the farm house type feel. Well done place!:)
4	Local dish makes me so happy! When I first moved to the area I stopped in for a late lunch around 2:30, so I was the only customer. I had the bbq sandwich which was okay. I prefer Vinegar based bbq (being a local from eastern Nc) and it was fairly saucy. I just went back last week and had a totally different experience. The place was full, great music was playing the background and everyone was laughing and having a good time. As if it were literally the local hangout. I sat at the bar and had the chicken salad. Very good! All the waitstaff are super friendly and willing to strike up a real conversation with you. I have also had the pimento cheese which I can assure you will arrive in a healthy serving!!
5	My friends and I were in town for the Spartan Beast race. We were trying to find a local restaurant with South Carolina BBQ, but happened to find this place on yelp. As we drove to main street and it looked dead and pitch black, except for the light emanating from Local Dish. It was packed with people too, so that was a good sign. We walked inside the modest looking diner and asked for a table for 4. They didn't have anything for another 15 minutes or so and had us sit at the bar in the meantime. The bartender was the coolest dude. Offering us some recommendations and chatting us up.  We were seated in no time and our waitress was friendly and very accommodating. The menu was full of lip smacking delicious vittles. There are no pictures on the menu, but everything sounded good! Porkbelly, pulled pork nachos, shrimp and grits Yes, We ordered those things and were not disappointed. This is also the first non-Asian cuisine joint that I have seen with chicken skin on the menu. Fried chicken skin. So crispy and delicious! The Pork belly was blackened on the outside and bacony on the inside, served on top of roasted corn, lettuce and a hot sauce.  The Pulled pork nachos were composed of fingerlickin BBQ pulled pork (of course), fresh pico de gallo, and smothered with cheeses. And those were just the appetizers. I ordered the shrimp and grits. I've had shrimp and grits at other places and it came out a little different. Here the shrimp was in a cheesy sause with mushrooms and peas, smothered over the top of the grits, almost very soup-like. And I finished the bowl and licked it clean. My com-padres had the bacon cheesburger (it looked gourmet), the fried shrimp sandwich, and fried fish sandwich. Everything was good. I asked the waitress for some hot sauce and she brings out three bottle of various peppers and level or heat. All from the the Puckerbutt company.  One of which had habeneros. She gave me a warning, and I proceeded to drip them on my food. I have a high tolerance for spice so none of them made my butt pucker, but they were still pretty dam good. This place is a gem! If you are in this area, you should definitely stop to eat here. I can't imagine that you'd be disappointed.
5	Best place to dine in Fort Mill.  I've never had a bad meal at the Dish and the service is fantastic.
5	Truly excellent food.  I've been here several times and the food is always outstanding.  The few things that would improve it is if they took reservations and had a better waiting area.
4	This place was outstanding and it being in "Small Town" Fort Mill was pretty cool to see. I had the steak, my friend had the pork chop and the wife had chicken and waffles. All were cooked perfect and the flash fried green beans were great.
5	John, et al, I must tell you, we are local regulars but we brought our out-of-town guests in this past Fri night.  The wife is from Shreveport, LA.  She said she has not had a better shrimp po boy outsidet the State of LA.  I am so proud.  Good job.  See you again soon!
5	Delicious, tiny space that is clean and friendly. Personable staff that accommodated us at the bar for lunch. The Pork belly was amazing and not overly expensive. This is a gem of a place if you are in Ft. Mills downtown. Well actually I think it's only one of 2 options but at least it's good!
4	We had the Pork Chop and Shrimp and Grits for dinner. Both were fantastic!Love having a farm to table local food restaurant so close to home.A lunch stop is next!
5	Local Dish is one of our favorites.  It's so nice to have a great restaurant in downtown Fort Mill!  We always have a great meal and the service is always attentive.  The food is incredibly fresh and interesting.  I would highly recommend - we'll be back again soon!
5	First time here, ordered the fried green beans as appetizer. They were delicious to say the least. I also ordered the local burger, which was equally tasty. I noticed the salt was a bit elevated on this dish, but I figured out later on that it was the bacon and not the actual meat.The atmosphere was excellent, the clientele looked happy and enjoying the food. I sat by the bar since the place was packed. The service was phenomenal and every single employee looked happy to be there. Drinks won't stay empty for too long and dirty dishes are quickly taken away. They have a great sense of customer service, outstanding situational awareness as every employee provides you with service regardless of whether they were your initial water/waitress. I will return, what a jewel!
