5	So I have been frequenting this shopping center since they started slowly opening a few places at a time a few months ago. This center is looking to be the creme de la creme of North PHX shopping and dining. Its better than across the street on the South side (Applebee's, Olive Garden and the worst offender Logans Roadhouse bleh!) Yes there are chains over here too but what can you do?? With the only Paciugo Gelato in AZ I cant complain! Check my Norterra list for a feel of some things you will find here. There are still quite a few places left to open like Ah-So for sushi and Miami Rice Pudding! It's definitely the best stuff we have seen up around these parts!!!
4	Great digital theatre.  BevMo, Best Buy, Chipotle.  All places I thoroughly enjoy.  I would totally come here all the time if it were more on my way home.  Now I just come here for lunch occasionally.
3	Unfortunatley built during the peak of the recession, Norterra's shopping experience will hopefully grow over a period of time. Shops have opened and closed, other shops promised but never opened.  Norterra's prime draw is the movie theater and restaurants. The retail stores seem to be largely devoid of shoppers. It's close proximity (litteraly across the street) from Happy Valley Town Center does not help.
5	Much needed shopping for this area even though it is a little crowded with the Anthem folks.  It has a similar vibe to Kierland Commons but not quite as nice.  It's easy to find yourself in many shops when you come here for just one whether it be Dick's, BevMo, Sunglass Hut, V's barbershop, movie theatre, etc.  Parking isn't too bad, except for Christmas time of course.
5	This place is what Desert Ridge wishes it was! Its great for groceries (Wal-Mart), bargain hunting (TJ Maxx), fast food or dining in (tons of places!), catching a movie (Harkins), stocking up the wine shelf (BevMo), new panties (Vicky's Secret) and a zillion other things. I love that this is close to my house! The only thing that would make it better is a Costco or Sam's Club.
4	"Almost everything" you need is here.
3	The Shops at Norterra are just OK. Unfortunately, it seems like there are more vacant spaces than actual shops. I think the plan and idea for the center is very good: I feel that when the economy picks up and more spaces are filled it will be a great little area. As of right now (September 2010) there are just a handful of stores and many of them are pricy clothing boutiques. Charming Charlies recently opened (inexpensive jewelry store) and that's been a great addition to the area; when more stores like that open, the place will be booming! It definitely does not compare to Desert Ridge or a mall. When I go to The Shops at Norterra, it's because I want to go to a specific store (Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works), not because I want to casually stroll around the area and walk from store-to-store like I would do at Desert Ridge or a mall. Until more shops fill the spaces (preferably not expensive, taste-specific boutiques) it will be just an OK area to me. Fun to visit, but not a place that I will go on a free Saturday afternoon when I want to spend a few hours casually shopping and browsing.As far as dining is concerned, there are several places to eat; most of which are OK, nothing very fancy or especially memorable, just usual chain-places you will find at most shopping centers.Also, I feel I should add that unless I am wrong (which I could be) The Shops at Norterra is not to be mistaken with and is not affiliated with Happy Valley Towne Center. The Shops at Norterra is on the North side of Happy Valley (Harkins, Best Buy, etc.) and Happy Valley Towne Center is on the South side of Happy Valley (Walmart, TJ Maxx, Barnes & Noble, etc).  This review concerns The Shops at Norterra only.Overall, I feel like it has a lot of potential and will be a 5-star shopping center when more stores go in because right now it just lacks too much.
5	It's no wonder I stay close to home. This shopping center has just about everything you need, Movies, great food, Drinks and shopping and we must not forget BEVMO!!. love this place!!
4	By far the best Victoria's Secret for Southern Arizona.  The store is new and totally updated not like the VS in Metrocenter. LOL! The staff was friendly and upbeat.  Extremely helpful and really great about telling you about specials and new items.  They have a full VS Makeup area.  Plus the staff is not pushy. Everything is completely orderly here.  Nice large PINK section.  For the Semi-Annual sale last month (June) they had a large section of  bigger bra sizes like 36 A-DD annd everything in 38 B-DD which in other areas is hard to find.  If you don't live close it is worth the drive.
5	I love the Shops at Norterra! Right off the I-17 & Happy Valley it is so convenient & close to home. So many amazing shops & restaurants to choose from. Also, check out the south side of Happy Valley across the street from Norterra, there are so many stores to choose from there as well!
4	The Shops at Norterra are getting better by the day!  They're anchored by Best Buy & Harkins and are home to several dining options (Smashburger, Sauce, Pita Jungle, PF Chang's, Paradise Bakery) which definitely make Norterra destination-worthy.  They're a bit lacking in the apparel department however. While the smaller clothing boutiques are nice, they can be a bit pricey; I'd love to see a more extensive store like The Gap or Banana Republic.  That said - I'm super glad that not EVERYTHING here is a chain store.  Be sure not to miss Olive Creations or Elevate Coffee Company.
3	Lowes, Walmart, Paradise, Harkins, and a Bevmo - can't argue with that.  5 miles from my door is another plus.Minuses?  Johnny Rockets, PF Changs, Applebees, Olive Garden, and probably the biggest clusterf*%k of chain restaurants I've ever seen.  One interesting dining option in this whole complex would be a stunner, but at least parking is widely available.I'll be back - frequently - for the Walmart and coffee at Paradise, but not for much else.
3	Aside from the smattering of successful chain restaurants, this shopping center is a wasteland of empty storefronts and broken dreams. There are now more empty stores than there are those still in business. The ones to either leave or go out of business were primarily independently owned small boutiques. The ones left standing are your typical mall stores: Charming Charlie's, Bath and Body Works, Victoria's Secret (that bitch still won't tell me what it is). For eats you're looking at Pita Jungle, Sauce, Buffalo Wild Wings, some other pita place,  and a couple others in the Outter reaches of the complex. One shining beacon of privately owned small business is Elevate coffee shop.  They have great coffee, baked goods and provide support for their community.These giant shopping centers seem to be the way of the past, not the future and certainly not the current. There is no was to support themselves if businesses cannot survive and customers do not spend money. Now what will it be?
3	I lived near the Norterra Shops for about a year.  I would usually come here to see a movie, grab happy hour at Pita Jungle or check out some of the stores.  My favorite stores are Charming Charlie's, Bevmo and Victoria's Secret.  I've seen a few stores open and close pretty quickly and noticed there are also many empty stores now.  The area itself is pretty, but I hope that more stores can open up so it is a useful place to shop.  There are also  other stores that have opened such as a swimsuit store and a few clothing shops, but they are quite expensive.  I hope Norterra stops shrinking and starts to grow because I feel it has great potential and I'm excited to see where it goes.  I hope to see some local restaurants open rather than only chains.
5	Love this place. All of the eating places are great and I definitely see myself coming here a lot more often. There aren't a lot of great places to shop but I saw a lot of empty space in some of the buildings so maybe they will add some stuff pretty soon.
5	Love this shopping center and feel lucky to have it be so close to home. The selection of restaurants at all price levels is great! The shops have a nice variety. Movie theater is large and always playing something! Some of the stores have closed down but overall a perfect outdoor shopping center!
4	Beautiful outdoor shopping plaza! I mean its really gorgeous! Stopped in Charming Charlie and then walked across the way to Bath and Body Works. Couple other places include - Pita Jungle, Clair's, Victoria Secrets (Pink), Harkins, Bevmo, Massage Envy, Elevate Coffee Co., Dick's Sporting Goods, Best Buy, Smashburger, ect.
3	Really lovely shopping area, but mostly boring chain restaurants.  They do have a great coffee Shop (Eleveate) and a Pita Jungle, but there seems to be an odd choice of shops (not much that's super useful).  Great movie theater, though!
5	Love love love this area! We loved it so much we bought a home just around the corner. Beautiful, clean, and variety!
