4	As good as others in chain but they cook burgers in advance to handle the lunch time rush. Congestion by the condiments and straws area. Great location in market square.
5	Wow!! So impressed. This location is VERY busy at lunch, but so well organized. The manager was greeting people at the door letting them know approximate wait times, another employee was holding the door. You can even eat free peanuts in line! I got a "little" cheeseburger" and"little" fries. They were big and delicious. Lots of fun free toppings and wonderful service.
5	What can I say about Five Guys that hasn't already been said?  Great burgers and fries, reasonably priced, and excellent service.  This new location is a welcome addition in Market Square, tucked just behind Primanti bros. in the walkway to PPG Plaza.  The service was excellent.  Since this is a newly opened location they are extremely well staffed and attentive.  The store is SUPER CLEAN.  Go closer to 11AM and beat the lunch rush.  Bonus tip: you can order your burger without a bun (in a foil bowl) or in a lettuce wrap.  Awesome!  You can also order extra of everything at no charge (may not apply to cheese and bacon).  I like to get extra jalapenos and hot sauce.  I don't limit myrself to just 1 helping of pain.
5	Perhaps the stars were aligned, perhaps it was exactly what I wanted or it was just that good!  I decided to come to Five Guys in Market Square after work because I had an insatiable craving for a burger, but not just any burger - I didn't want a froo froo ultra fancy burger that came from a cow named "Franc"...I was in the mood for your all American standard burger but higher quality then your local fast food joint.Man did I come to the right place!  I ordered the little cheeseburger and little fries (cajun style) to go along with it and it was soooo good.  The place is clean and organized and although there wasn't a crowd since I was coming after work, they were very efficient so I can see how this place runs smoothly during the busy lunch hour.I got lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms, jalapenos and bbq sauce on my burger and all the veggies were fresh and the mushrooms were perfectly sauted.  It should be noted that the jalapenos are fresh not the pickled kind for thos folks that might be particular.  What can I say - everything was perfect and I couldn't imagine getting a regular sized burger.  I barely had room for the fresh and tasty fries!
