3	On my most recent visit, I tried the Philly Cheesesteak with everything and fries for $7.99. It has some potential, but unless mozzarella cheese is not used and unless chef folds cheese into meat instead of melting on top, this sandwich cannot attain greatness. The meat itself is shaved steak, but appears of decent quality and good use of onions and peppers. THe fries were very crispy and in-between thin and thick. Previously I had a really good Chicken parm sandwich lunch special. Probably should try the pizza, but late nite delivery sometimes over rules top quality, although i picked my order up from friendly counter guy.
1	So terrible, it's not worth going into details, so I'll be brief. spaghetti sauce and pizza sauce are not interchangeablea calzone is not just dough and mozzarella cheesemicrowaving frozen chicken fingers for pizza topping is just plain gross and unsanitary, kind of like the conditions of your shop.One Star.
1	We work for one of the major hotels on the strip.  We work the grave shift and since this place stayed open late, we decided to order from them.  The chicken fingers looked overcooked and it was stale as were my fries.We ordered a full bucket of chickn wings-MILD (32 pieces) and only got 1/2 bucket (16 pieces) and they were HOT.When we called, the owner was extremely rude and made us feel like we were lying.  He asked us if we ate the wings and that he wanted them back.  He never apologized or offered any compensation.Our order came out to $52...you would think we would get a little bit of customer service.  When we asked how long the driver would be, he said "he'll be there when he gets there"!!  Yes!  And this was the OWNER!When the driver returned, we told him we knew it wasn't his fault but we were very disappointed.  In fact he was the only good thing about this place.  And guess what?  When we got the wings, the box was melted and the sauce was put on the side in containers and the covers weren't even on.  So all the sauce leaked everywhere.Wish I could post pictures so you could see how horrible this place is.  DON'T ORDER FROM THIS PLACE!
1	I feel bad writing a poor review about this place because the people working seem like good people. I ordered a calzone w/pepperoni sausage and canadian bacon and though the portion was large and the dough was hot on the outside ...the cheese on the inside was cold and unmelted. The toppings inside the calzone were cold as well. The sauce was straight from a can...This place was slow. No orders came in before or after me and the lady that was cooking my food opened the oven door at least 5 times in the 5 minutes my calzone was cooking...seems logical to me why the toppings were cold.
1	This place is nasty and the owner and manager "Mo" are jerk offs!!!!! i placed order for pizza and chicken wings and both were gross but chicken wings were a lot worse so i called to make complaint. The guy on phone told me what is he supposed to do about it and then when i asked to speak to owner he hung up on me. i called back to speak to owner and when i told him his food was not good he told me f*#@ you and hung up. I would never recommend this place and they have bad business owners.
5	Hubby and I at the philly cheesesteak and it was gr8. God customer service and great food.
4	After moving to Vegas from California, my friend recommended this place to me for some quick and easy pizza. "Quick and easy" never really goes with "absolutely fantastic" but in this case it definitely does.I've had pizza here a couple times and it is always delicious. The older gentleman, who I'm assuming is the owner, is super sweet and considerate. The last time I picked up a pizza he had me check to make sure it wasn't cooked too much, seeing as it had been a little well done, and that surprised me a little. It was cooked exactly the way I liked it but how many times have you ordered pizza and they send you some super burnt piece of bread and you end up spending the next hour waiting for it to be recooked, delivered, etc. I really liked the fact that he took the time to make sure it was up to par.I've also had the jalapeno poppers here and I like that they're made with cream cheese as opposed to the cheddar cheese that seems to be the new craze. Deeeeelicious. Only four stars because I've yet to try anything other than pizza and jalapeno poppers but I will definitely go back to try more!
3	Awesome delivery specials and super friendly staff! We just ordered from them for the second night in a row, and I wouldn't be surprised if we ordered from them a third time. Ordered both nights around 1 AM, and our pizzas arrived hot, on time, and delicious.
3	Great pizza and terrible fried foods. So, I cannot understand the reviews of the puzzle being underdone, but the $9.99 pickup special is amazing. Three topping for under $10.00 and the crust is pretty spectacular. Now on to the fried food. Aside from wings, I've had the burger/fries as well as fish and chips combo. Based on years of experience with grocery store foods, I can tell you without hesitation the food is just frozen and refried. You are getting frozen fries, frozen beef and frozen fish filets so you should not expect much. Stick to pizza, and realize that these guys are in a rotten part of town so if they are less than super friendly just smile and they usually smile back.
1	was the worst pizza I've ever eaten in my life. It was borned. Vegetables was uncooked.
4	Halal Food! At that time, we had the yelp $20 for 40 coupon. Food was delicious. Friendly owner.
1	Just had a terrible, terrible experience at this place. I ordered a Philly Cheese steak, and the girl who took my order was very pleasant. While I was waiting, I got a phone call and needed to write down some information. I asked the girl if I could write on an order pad, but she didn't hear me because she was in the back of the kitchen making my food. I went ahead and did it, and when she came back up she had a horrified look on her face, and said that her manager would get upset because all the pages on the order pad have an order number on them, and if one was missing he would accuse her of stealing. So she had to take the note back into the office to show him and clear it with him. I heard some harsh words from her manager (who, as it turns out, is her father), and when she came out, she was crying. I felt terrible, so I walked back into the office to tell her manager/father that it was my fault, not hers. He said he understood and asked me to leave the office. He followed me out, and proceeded to very harshly reprimand the girl for doing absolutely NOTHING wrong. I told him that his behavior was extremely unnecessary and inappropriate, and that he should be ashamed of himself for treating that poor girl so terribly. He was a complete bully, totally humiliated her in front of me, made her cry, and told her to call her mother to come pick her up. I'm not one to intervene in family matters, but this man was a mean, miserable, unmitigated scum bag. I will never, ever give this place my business again. I feel very sorry for his employees.
4	I first went to this place right before I moved in across the street. I was starving and they were friendly and helpful. I only get the cheeseburger special while I'm here, and it's always really good. Yes, the patties are frozen, but they spend a lot of time cooking it and mine is always well done. It takes 20 minutes for me to get my order and it's always delicious. I don't know about the complaints about bad service. Seems like the typical neighborhood mom and pops type of place.
1	ordered the double cheese steak.  there may have been 3oz of charred grizzle in the sandwich which was greasy.  the chicken pizza with white sauce and tomatoes was a chopped breaded chicken patty.  The pizza was in editable.  called for delivery .25 miles away...took 1.5 hours.  when I called 45 minutes in, the lady said it was on the truck and hung up on me.  Avoid this train wreck.
1	Do not order delivery from this place!  They were an hour late. They forgot our dipping sauces, and the food was cold.
4	This place is open 24 hours and have an excellent fast food/pizza menu. Try out their philli cheese steak pizza. Chicken burger and chicken wings were decent too. Reasonably priced. If i had to choose i will stick to pizza though
5	I went to Italy pizza for the first time a couple nights ago and absolutely loved their pizza!I ordered one large pizza with pepperoni, beef, and extra cheese, 1/2 bucket of buffalo wings, breadsticks to-go. The service was really nice, the man behind the counter was patient while my roommate and I were deciding on what we wanted. While waiting for our order to be ready we looked around at their dining area and decorations that hung on their walls. The place seemed pretty clean and they had awards hanging on their wall. I didn't really pay attention but a lot of them were appreciation certificates from police departments. We didn't have to wait that long for our food, the pizza was spot on! Not greasy, right amount of cheesy, the chicken wings could've been a bit spicier but next time I'll just ask for hotter wings, and the breadsticks were okay, nothing too exciting  but they were good.Overall I did like my experience, decibels recommend Little Itally Pizza and I will be visiting them to satisfy late night pizza cravings very soon!!
5	My favorite pizza place in town!! The only place a non pork eater can walk in and say, I'll take a double pepperoni, sausage and bacon pizza and know that there is no pork in there at all.. Pizza's are on point there and soooo good, also super affordable for parties!  The owner and staff are very friendly.  A must try for all!
2	I love their food, but hate the service. Every time I call to make an order the man is very rude and I hate it. I still order but seeing as theyre always rude and laugh when I mention something about it makes me want to stop ordering from there. Get better people with actual customer service to work there! Always sound so bitter over the phone.
