4	I just went to this office for the first time.  The staff was very friendly.  I did have a very small wait for about 20 minutes and then I went back and met Dr Gail Bass.  She was very nice and thorough.  I felt completely comfortable in the office. She did dilate my eyes and the escorted me out to pick out glasses while the dilation took place.  I told the glasses technician that I did not want to go outside of my insurance prices.  He showed me what would be covered completely and I realized that I would have to play a small amount more to get my lenses thinned out and an extra $50 for the frames I wanted.  I was ok with that.  I was then taken back to Dr Gail and she took a look at my eyes and said they looked great.  She even asked if I needed a spare pair of sun glasses to wear home.  I would recommend this place!
4	Rarely do I find an optometrist that inspires confidence, but Dr. Bass managed to do so. The entire office emanates confidence and an all around positive energy. I would highly recommend.
5	Excel vision is where numerous factors come together in a fantastic blend resulting in a fantastic experience for the customer. The whole place works like a well oiled machinery with Dr. Bass at the epicenter and a bunch of thorough, courteous professionals rallying around her. Everybody is good at what they do, but more importantly they do it in a customer oriented fashion which makes sure that you as a customer has a takeaway that benefits you.My wife and I went to Dr.Bass for a well vision exam and prescription glasses. We were given a walkthrough of the process and then taken through each test systematically. Dr. Bass was gentle and matter of fact at the same time while explaining why she was performing each test and made sure all our questions and concerns were addressed.Jen, who picked the frames for us walked us through our insurance plan, minute details of our coverage and made sure she gave us the best deals while giving us ample time to try out and decide on our choice of frames.To cut a long story short, this place is where I'd refer friends or family to.
