5	I have taken acting classes from Verve Studios on and off for four years, and have recently returned for another work out!Amanda is a true professional,  a working Actor herself,and gets the actor to be real, not "act".  Do not miss this opportunity to learn and grow, AND have fun.Lawannah CurryPhoenix Az
5	I came here for an open house and while I have not taken classes here myself, from taking to the students who were taking classes there currently during the open house, everyone was very happy and satisfied with the guidance and instruction they were receiving. The space itself is open with a clean, modern decor. The owner seemed very warm and kind. Offers acting classes for both kids and adults. I would definitely consider taking a class here!
5	In this world of scams, you can really trust Amanda Melby and her instructors when it comes to acting. Most other private acting schools operating in the state of Arizona, are about making money. Some of them won't even tell you they're a school. They promote themselves as, "middlemen" between the actor and the agent. Additionally, they target their marketing toward parents with hopeful children. Why? Because they are about making money. Verve Studio is definitely the antithesis. The courses of study offered here, are for the serious performer.
5	At Verve Studio, I learn and grow in a friendly, nurturing, and sensitive environment where I'm free to experiment with technique. I love my coaches and fellow students. The Scene Study is the only on-going course of study of it's type that I know of in the Phoenix area.
5	Amanda Melby is amazing.  I came to her for help with getting my non-existent Voiceover career off the ground, and she was an amazing help.  I've since taken several classes from her studio and each was a great value with great takeaways.  And on top of everything else, Amanda is one of those amazingly efficient people who always gets back to you within a day or so despite her hectic schedule.  Highly recommend for any of your acting, or performing needs!
