5	Without a doubt Alphabet is the coolest video shop I have ever been in. Somehow this tiny shop has managed to squeeze in two floors of DVDs and videos scaling from floor to ceiling. Depending on what takes your fancy you could rent something from the world cinema, 1950s, crime, cartoon or Hollywood Blockbuster sections. If they don't have what you're looking for on DVD then they're only too happy to lend you a video player with scart leads etc at no extra charge. The owner of the shop (I call him Tall Face McLovely in my head) beams with pride about Alphabet and he is incredibly willing to spend the time with every customer recommending films he thinks they might enjoy. A great local shop.
4	For such a small place, they could put HMV out of business! The best thing about Alphabet video is that everything in the store is quality. I don't mean the condition of the product, i mean the movies themselves. You're going to be hard pressed to find a bad movie on the shelf's. The man behind the counter was great, I picked up Oldboy here and came away with Thirst on his recommendation. You won't find that service anywhere else.
4	First impressions? Wow. Thats a hell of a lot of dvd's.And really, it is. There must be thousands of films crammed into the two floors of this unbelievable store - everything from classic films to arty flicks, and foreign to the blockbuster.Talking of Blockbuster - once you have been to Alphabet Video, you wont want to go back. The staff actually give a crap about film, and more importantly - about you. They are some of the nicest, friendliest staff ever. If you want something ask them - they will know where it is, and get it for you in a flash. If you arent looking for anything in particular, dont worry - they will always lend a helping hand in what to choose for your night in!
4	Who still has a video player?? I do, that's who!!It's so refreshing to see a place that sells videos as well as DVDs, so retro!!The price is good and the selection is vast, what more do you want?!The staff are lovely too, definitely note-worthy and lovely.
5	Alphabet Video should make Blockbuster hang its head in shame. Because its smaller, more expensive, but infinitely superior to the chain. It has a better selection, and the shop actually has character. You can just go in there to feel like you're in a place with soul. The guys who work there really know their stuff. Their film-knowledge ranges from the really godawful (everyone needs a bad film to watch now and then to cool down) to the brilliant and to the obscure. They also have a deal that if you rent a certain amount of films you get a tub of Ben & Jerry's! I mean, it's the ultimate chilled evening combination. Their collections are sorted by genre, but also by actor or director. And, though it looks like it might be impossible to find anything in there, you'll stumble upon some really great stuff by chance.
