4	Ok so they are pretty pricey...but I pay out the *nose* for a good pair of jeans!! I thought the young woman who helped me was very nice, friendly and professional. I of course know my size and style so I don't generally need help but she did offer up some other styles that would fit similar to the BKE capris I picked out. The punch card they offer is pretty cool, you do have to spend a lot...but anything in there does happen to cost a lot!! I thought the store was very clean and professionally run, so congrats Buckle, I will be back!
4	This is where I go to get all my jeans and shorts. I've occasionally found a nice watch, shirt or flip flops here too - but these guys really know their drawers. Whenever one of my favorite styles come in they call and give me a heads up.
1	I brought the buckle jeans that I had bought at another location, to have them altered at this location because its more convenient. When I got there, this young guy kid fitted me for my jeans.I didnt like that he kept disappearing quickly the second he thought he was temporarily done with me. So this other girl took over and fitted me. Both of them had told me that they only wanted to pin up one side because thats how they do it, and if they don't do it their way, then I would be responsible if it messed up.So I let them do it their way. Anywhere else ive had my pants altered, they have ALWAYS pinned both sides. The next day, I was soo excited that they called me to tell me my jeans were ready. I had to push the request of even getting called to let me know when they would be ready. I was sooo excited to pick them up, I tried them on and they F'***ed up! One side was shorter than the other. I took them home so I could wash them to shrink, so that when I go back to have it fixed, it SHOULD be done correctly. When I got home, I examined the stitching and the stitching was rounded because the it looks like the jeans were not cut evenly before stitching them! No wonder they had it done so quickly, its because the alterations person doesnt take the time to cut and sew evenly/straight. I was the manager at that store, that alterations lady would be fired instantly, because you shouldnt have to wait, and drive back and forth for their mistakes. Especially since I just spent almost $400 total for 4 pairs of jeans. Get rid of the young guy and the hire a different alterations person.Problem solved. If you get your jeans altered here, check the stitching to make sure its straight/even, before leaving the store.
1	my experience with buckle has been the worst! i bought some jeans here which i had to special order because they didnt have it at there store. they have free alterations, so i let them alter my jeans, and they came out rounded at the bottom and uneven. if you get pants altered here, make sure you check it before you leave the store because this place doesnt know how to alter jeans. unfortunately i didnt catch it until i went home. so i brought the jeans to a different alterations place that does a very good job, just to get her opinion. she said that they cut them too short on one side, so it couldnt be fixed to the length i wanted,and they couldnt fix it either. not to mention that when buckle altered them, they left some of the cloth loose on the inside, when its supposed to look as if i had bought them and never altlered them. so i go back to this location and tell the manager that i want to exchange them for a new pair of jeans because the alterations place said that they could not be fixed. the manager (chelsea) said well ok, but we can fix them. guess what, they didnt have my size in stock so i had to special order them again!!!!! i just received my jeans in the mail today, with the f*** ink tag on it, so we called this store and they said i have to go back to the store in order to have the ink tag/theft control thing taken off! then i have to go pay my alterations place to alter the jeans because this place doesnt know how to do it right and i am not taking a second chance with them. also, my husband had to exchange his jeans for the correct size which they did not have, so we had to order those jeans as well. buckle is a very expensive store, and you shouldnt have to go through hassles like this just to buy a pair of jeans. replace the alterations person, and replace that rude punk kid guy, and replace the manager that doesnt care to fix customers problems, and the store might do alright. as for now, i will never shop here again. worst experience ever!!!!!
4	I had never seen this store - we don't have them where I live.  I am now a huge fan for when I travel to AZ. It's a bit overwhelming walking in - lots and lots of selection and iterations of outfit possibilities...sheesh, you need a masters just to figure out what to choose.Becca is who I go see - she's fun, bright, professional and has a keen eye for what looks good on her customers.  I love having new variety in my weekend wardrobe and especially being able to have her help selecting a few choice items.  I continue to get compliments on a jeans and fitted shirt outfit whenever I wear them.  Of course, I love them, too.  Had to get a few extra tops.  Next up are some great boots I have on hold...yippee!
2	I really feel this place is hit or miss in customer service. I've been in to this store many times and I either feel bombarded by a salesperson or the opposite, completely ignored. I think it should be more consistent for a store with a higher quality of clothing. I would compare Buckle to the Guess store down the hall and Guess has great sales tactics. So back to Buckle, the displays are very attractive and they make you want to construct a full outfit in the store. Good plan guys! It's totally worked on me. I just feel that sometimes it's difficult to find your size, like if stock is low, they didn't much try to help me find the correct size. We're out of it. Thanks for really looking in to that for me! Maybe call another store, try to get my business? I hate to feel like I'm bothering someone to do their job for a $100+ clothing purchase.
