3	This recently opened in the plaza on the corner of Spring Mt. & Wynn Rd.  It is all shiny and new with loud music and two computers set up with a sign - free for 30 minutes per customer.Ever since Red Mango got me hooked on their version of frozen yogurt, I have wanted to try some of their competitors to see how they ranked.  Their menu initially confused me, as they only listed options of non fat and low fat (premium) under the heading of ice cream, but when I asked I was told that was the yogurt.  I ordered a small premium (whose scared of a little fat?) with two toppings.  I didn't realize until I saw the lady approach the machine that they had pomegranate (yum!), but too late, she had already filled my cup with plain.Based on its location in Chinatown, I was sort of hoping this might be a little cheaper than Red Mango, but my small with two toppings was $5.02, so not much of a bargain.  They didn't have a huge variety of toppings, but as long as they have mochi, I am happy.  The flavor of the yogurt was very good and not much different from what I remembered of Red Mango.  However, I was disappointed that my $1.25 worth of toppings didn't even last me through half of the yogurt.  This frozen treat was good enough that I might go back if I am in the area (and they are open until 10pm), however, not much of a bargain, so I wouldn't make a habit of it.
3	saw polly's review on this place , i knew i would be in the area tonite ...what the heck ... not sure why, but when i walked in , made me think of the Jetson's ...noticed the computers in the front of the store , some flat screen TV's .... had a few samples - the orginal ( basically plain yogurt ...a lil sour ) , green tea ( ok ) the pomegranate ( better) ...i didn't try the last option ( i forget what it was ) opted for a small with rasberries ...mistake ....and i know better from my cold stone days ( the rasberries freeze up - i don't care for the texture ) cost $4.67 ...something like that ...i can't lie - i ain't a yogurt expert ( red mango, pinkerry ...whatever ) but the pomegranate was refreshing ...i might like it even more in mid-july
4	ok yes, this place is expensive, but you know all of the new TCBY's of the 21st century are over priced. what i love about queens that makes it different from red mango and its entourage is the taro flavored yogurt. four of us shared a large order with mochi topping. this came to about $8. if you divide that by 4, it's only $2, which is well worth it. :)
2	I go to Queens out of convenience. Its nice to have a frozen yogurt joint in the neighborhood. Especially in the summer ... in Vegas. Their flavors are yummy. They vary from time to time. I went a week ago and they had plain, pomagranite, and green tea. I went today and they didn't have green tea, but they did have taro. The taro was very tasty. It had almost a cakey taste. Their toppings are pretty standard for Asian frozen yogurt shops. As long as there's mochi, I'm happy. No mochi, no happy. They have three or so computers with pay-by-the-hour internet service. Every time I've visited, the place has been immaculate. Totally decorated like LA frozen yogurt shop, a la Pinkberry. The counter help is always a cute, friendly high school lookin' kid. But then again, they're probably all like in their 30's because Asians look young like that. I agree its a little pricey. But then again, the portions are kind of hefty. I always order a small + one topping and it comes out to $4.60ish. They also have smoothies, coffee, and some menu items ... like waffles (?). Asians are weird. *off the strip, non-casino
4	This was the first frozen yogurt place I went to that had tart yogurt...I love it! I'm so glad a few places like this opened in the Bay Area. They only have a couple flavors at a time, but they all taste pretty good. They have a good selection for toppings - I would recommend trying the mochi! Their prices are a bit high for frozen yogurt, but this place is much better than any ice cream place you'll go to. The decor there is also very nice and there are plenty of places to sit and watch tv or play a game of chess.
4	We'd ordered a small taro yogurt with raspberries and blueberries topping for $4.50. The taro yogurt taste great. The toppings are overpriced when compared to other yogurt places. However, the yogurt did satisfied our craving though. The store has a nice spacious area to lounge and has free wi-fi.
3	I'm so confused!!! Why does it smell like old roasted garlic in here? We almost walked out because of the weird smell in there. Though the space, while dirty, is welcoming and sort of modern. This is a sort of Pinkberry knock off though they're tangy yogurt is super creamy rather then stiff and icy. They have the usual suspects of topping.. cereal, fruit and etc..  we sat at one of th tables to enjoy the fro-yo and the table was literally falling apart.. the table top is being held on with probably stickiness from someones melted fro-yo. So be warned.. if no maintenance is done here, the place will be falling apart soon enough.
4	I had taro yogurt without any toppings.  The small one cost $3.49, and it wasn't all that small.  It was tart, mildly sweet, and soothingly starchy and creamy all at the same time.  I tasted the green tea yogurt, too--it was nice, but not as nice as the taro.
4	My favorite place to escape Las Vegas. Yeah it's smells a little weird. Like any other asian place. They let you try all the flavors they have. The white one is plainThe pink one MangoThe purple one is passion flowerThere is two more. lol but you can see which one's i like.And then there is a buffet of toppings. I don't recommend the mochi. But the chocalte or vanilla goes great as a topping .They give you a stamp card woo! So the next time i go in, i get a free reg cup.Oh and don't make the same mistake i made. Even though i was cravin some good yogurt. The large was still too much! They pack a lot in. The other good thing about this place; fridays and saturdays they are open till late, midnight i believe! :) :)
5	After lunch at Pho Kim Long...we stopped by this place for some dessert.. thier froyo is creamy and they load up on the yogurt and fruits..see my pics...we got 4 smalls for about $18 which is average. The taro yogurt was the most flavorful and addicting..Like the other reviewers said, this place has a funky smell when you step right in...wierd...
3	I tried the pomegranate yogurt and it tasted pretty good :) but even though the place is wide and nicely decorated, it's pretty dirty, it would be nice if they wipe and sweep the place.  They have 2 computers with internet too.
5	I went here for some frozen yogurt at midnight. (this is the first cool thing about this place). It was clean, neat decor. Funky, cool flavors. I had Taro with Mochi which was pretty delicious. The servings are huge. I had a small and couldn't even slightly finish it. I don't know how anyone can describe this place as "expensive"... I don't think that word applies to anything under $5. I would recommend it and would go back. It seems like a lot of the reviews on here are pretty rough, considering we are talking about a frozen yogurt joint, not a five star restaurant!
4	There is nothing better than sitting in a cool shop eating frozen yogurt on a hot day. I got the plain tart with strawberries and it was great. It was not too tart and not too icy, just right. The shop was also cool on the eyes. I think the main colors were white, green, and pink? They also have a lot of games in one corner. I went with my cousins and my brother and we ended up playing Connect Four and Jenga. You're probably asking yourself, "Jenga?! What?!" Yep, Jenga. The pieces were falling all over the place and we were making a pretty big noise, but the workers didn't seem to mind at all. It was awesome.They also have free Wi-fi here! In addition, they also have 2 computers which you can use for free. I think the computers are free, but I'm not completely sure. The worker didn't say anything after I used it, but you should ask first though. They also have a stamp card here. I think if you buy 9 frozen yogurts, you get 1 free? Too bad I don't live near here. Overall, cute shop, free Wi-fi, and relaxed workers. It's a real oasis in Vegas.
3	Dangit!  They appear to have gone out of business.  I was so looking forward to a taro frozen yogurt.
