4	New, clean, and close to a bunch of food options. What more can be said? As mentioned (probably too often), I'm a Hilton Diamond member, so appreciate a hotel that goes a bit beyond the minimum to make me feel welcome. I've been to this particular HGI a few times and each time have been welcomed with a smile, treated with respect (yes, my standards are that low), and haven't found much to complain about. The team in the breakfast area is over the top friendly. Surprisingly actually.This isn't a luxury hotel, but you could do a lot worse in the area.
2	The room was spacious and clean, but very overpriced.  The coffee was BAD.  I like that the servers take orders for the hot food in the so-called breakfast buffet so you don't have to stand in line, but when I arrived there was nobody there to greet, seat, and take my order.  It is also not included in the price of the hotel.  The location is great, but I will stay at a different hotel next time I'm in the area.  There is nothing wrong with this hotel except it is not a good value at all.
2	This is a great area but boy is the sales manager rude.  We had two guests coming in from our headquarters in Europe.  We booked the reservations separately as 1 guest was staying 3 nights and the other 4 nights.  They charged us $123 for the 4 night guest and $143 for the 3 night guest.  When I contacted the hotel to inquire, the sales manager seemed to be bothered to answer.Its a nice hotel in a nice area but dealing with rude management shouldn't be part of the deal.  She alone brought my rating down.  We will not use this hotel again.
1	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It was night and cozy. The staff was great and we are diamond members, so we stay in hotels quit often. The first and second night was great until.....we woke up 3 am due to the ac not working. I was hot and my hubby was hot. I called the front desk and the lady said she didn't no were the thermostat was located....say what???? Huh...she said we could switch rooms and I said it's 3 in the morning. We had the kids who were knocked out since they don't no any better. I spoke with jenn and she asked her managers about doing something for us due to the serious inconvenience.  Well...huh we are  on day 3 being away from that hotel. I still haven't heard anything. Come on now...HILTON! !!!
1	This is a complaint we sent to Hilton after a recent stay.Every year our charity organization holds a one week camping/whitewater rafting event in Charlotte for teenagers who've survived cancer.  The event was held last week and due to bad weather we were forced to stay in a hotel Friday evening (Aug 1).  We decided on the Hilton Garden Inn Charlotte/Ayrsley.  I felt it would be better to book the accommodations directly through Hilton's 1-800 line rather than using Hotels.com or some other agent.  On Friday morning I spoke to a Hilton agent explaining that I needed 10 rooms and needed to accommodate 4 adults in each room.  He said there was 10 rooms available each with two queen beds.  He proceeded with the reservation stating that we had till 4 pm to cancel.  On Friday evening our group (including 28 teenagers) arrived at the hotel expecting an easy check-in so they could go straight to their assigned rooms, get settled, and then head to the nearby movie theater.  I actually arrived a few minutes ahead of them to get the chick-in process started. Working the desk that evening was Patrick Weis and David Mecchum.  Everything appeared to be going smoothly until I was told that 4 of our 10 rooms only had a king size bed.  I explained to David and Patrick that I was told all the rooms had two queen size beds.  This began the next hour of my time trying to get the issue resolved.First problem, David and Patrick referred me back to Hilton since I made the reservations with them over the phone as if they were an entirely different company.  There was no offer to assist or at a minimum get them on the phone.  So at 8:14 PM I made my first call to Hilton while standing in the lobby of a Hilton hotel which seems absurd.  I reached a representative explained the dilemma and requested a Manager.  I was put on hold and after a frustrating 8 minutes was disconnected.  I then went back to the front desk to see if Patrick and David had an easier way to reach Hilton Customer Service and they said no and saying that I needed to call them myself.  So at 8:30 I started my second call.  After reaching a representative, requesting a Manager, and then waiting on hold I finally was put in touch with Nadia Steaks.  My request was that Hilton provide rooms free of charge to accommodate the 8 of us who did not have rooms and provide our group with free breakfast.  Nadia placed me on hold and called the front desk speaking to David.  It seemed absurd again that I was on hold while their phone call took place in front of me.  I had just gotten Hilton to call David instead of him offering to do it for me.  After quite a long hold time Nadia finally got back to me with a resolution.  She was providing us with 4 additional rooms for free, but she couldn't offer a free breakfast because it was David's decision to do so.  We ended the call and David was processing the additional four rooms.  I enquired about offering our group free breakfast and he said that Hilton had already exceeded their allowance for this issue.  The reason I'm writing is because this doesn't exactly fall into exceptional customer service.  A problem that was created by Hilton in the first place was resolved but meanwhile I had to spend nearly an hour plus of aggravation to get it done.  My time and effort has a value.  Plus I had a large group of teenagers miss their movie because of the delay.  For a company who prides itself on being in the category of other exceptional companies it left us very disappointed, especially when we had just spent ~$1300 to stay at the hotel.  Both David's and Patrick's  attitudes weren't that of helpful representatives.  They were more like taking a "it's not my problem" stance which wasn't helpful.  Any, I'd like to give you an opportunity to make this right.  As the decision maker of which hotel we stay at next year's event I'd like to give you the opportunity to convince me that it should be a Hilton again.----------------------This is the reply we received back from Hilton.Thank you for the feedback about your recent stay.  We are very sorry your experience did not offer you the quality of service you deserve.  We strive to give exceptional service every day, for every guest; I sincerely apologize for falling short during your stay.  At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. We hope you will consider staying with us in the future.  You Can Count On Us.  Guaranteed.Sincerely, Rory Pagdanganan Front Office Manager Hilton Worldwide rory.pagdanganan@hilton.com 7049705000----------------------Obviously, they don't think their customer's time and effort is worth anything more than fixing a problem they created.  Hilton does not go above and beyond.
4	Check in and check out was easy, no hassle. The only thing that sucked was paying for food. What happened to the small but FREE breakfast buffets??? It's all good. There are enough spots around that area to eat. The location is great, because you can do some walking or running. There is a gym down the street, a movie theatre... I even found a new place to get my do' did. If I see another deal I'll stay again... although only the weekends. How you go from $79 on a Friday/Saturday to $129 for a weeknight???
4	For the price point this one's a keeper, especially for business travel.  The location is great because you can walk over to a variety of restaurants and to the Ayrsley Grand Cinemas to catch a movie.  There is a free business center where you can use their computers and print your boarding pass, a modest gym and plenty of free parking.  My room was clean, with a comfy bed and bedding, a Keurig in-room coffee maker (bring along your favorite K-cups) and a mini fridge.
