4	This is our "go-to" dry cleaners.  Very close by, near Dunkin Donuts so we "kill 2 birds with one stone" and grab a Vanilla Chai and donuts and pick up dry cleaning.  This dry cleaner has fair prices and been consistent on times promised for pick up.  Employees have been polite and helpful, store is clean and well lit.  Been happy with service consistently.Any garment dry cleaned and pressed for $2.50!
4	Best cleaners in Surprise!
1	Had duvet cover washed/pressed. Wasn't any better than I could do myself and the manager in charge wasn't apologetic about it - didn't really seem to care. When I asked for a refund b/c thought the service wasn't good- said he didn't want to. Poor customer service and product.
1	Horrible iron and press service , broken buttons all the time replaced with buttons that don't match . Bad work , the owner doesn't care if you let him know about the problems he blames it on the machines ? Also Double crease on all your slacks including the inside seams . The inside seam of the slack gets creased several times , starch stains on laundered shirts , wrinkled press iron work , overall one star is not even deserved . The girls that work the front desk are very nice but the paying service is sad.
1	New owner 3 months ago, same time when I noticed the quality of service went downhill. I even called to speak with Lyle (owner) to voice my dissatisfaction. After waiting 2 extra days to get my dress shirts repressed, they attempted to give them to me and pass them off as if they were repressed. Sorry, it didn't work. I asked for a refund, told Lyle he lost my business and not once got an apology. It's a scam to pre pay for your cleaning. After 3 yrs, I'm taking my business across the street to Surprise Organic Cleaners.
1	This used to be a great dry cleaner but isn't worth going to now.  I started noticing my shirts coming back pressed horribly.  It was 1 or 2 of the 8 or so in the beginning and my most recent batch had 3 of the 8 with collars so badly pressed it was ridiculous.  I took them in to show them and they wanted to write up another ticket, leave them for another couple days and come back again.  I asked if they could just press them while I waited as they didn't need cleaning again and she said I would have to leave them.I'm sorry but I don't want to be making multiple trips back and forth because you can't do it right the first time.  Honestly, I don't take my shirts there for the laundry service it's for the pressing/ironing.  And if I have to take them back, or continuously touch them up myself at home, why even bother going there....so I won't.
4	I don't know why people need to bitch so much! I've never had a problem with this place. They offer next day service for 2.50. I even had a stain from a red flower on an expensive white dress shirt and they got it out no problem. Don't listen to the complainers and give them a try!
1	They get one star only because there is no zero star option on yelp. They have now ruined two of my shirts both from Nordstrom both extremely expensive both had holes ripped in them by their machines. Basically when my wife went to tell the guy that it didn't have a hole when she brought it in, he pretty much called her a liar.Have a look at the shirt.  Notice the pressed lines that would be post cleaning, as they come home from my trips I a bag.
