5	Back problems? Allergies? Illnesses? NO MORE!!! See Dr. Sara!!! -  - 2010-09-07I ran into some major health issues just over a year ago and ended up in the ER. Doctors thought I might have had a mini-stroke so I was sent to a cardiologist who ran a million tests on me - which also cost a fortune! I was experiencing terrible fatigue along with stomach pains, nausea, anxiety...you name it and I had it! I was basically restricted to my bed! After all these tests and thousands of dollars later nothing was diagnosed and I was still not well. I decided to try biofeedback as a last resort, which was recommended to me by a friend. After just a couple sessions I felt like myself again! I can't explain how it worked but it did. It cured my unbearable sick feeling and gave me my life back! Dr. Sara is also the best chiropractor I have ever been to in my life! I severely injured my ankle and she pushed along the healing process with her cold laser! I was having terrible allergies (food and environmental)...Dr. Sara eliminated them! AND for those women who are experiencing any hormonal issues... biofeedback is for you! Whatever you need she can help and if she feels it needs other medical attention, she will steer you in the right direction! What else can I say? She is a miracle worker! For those of you skeptical...don't wait! I held off for over a year and I can't get that time back! I now wish I would have listened to my friend from the start! Dr. Sara... I cannot thank you enough for not only what you have done for me but for my husband too! You are magical! And the best part is that I know you truly do care!
5	Dr. Sara is amazing. Basically that's all there is to it. I get bio-feedback work done by her. She has helped me tons. I have more energy, better overall health, and more mental balance-- so speak.At first I was kind of leary of the whole bio-feedback thing at first, I kinda thought it was a bunch of crap. But I'm a true believer now. It has really helped me with all sorts of ailments, like fatigue, heartburn, mental concentration, anxiety, more anxiety (haha), sleeping rhythms, and many more things. Really I can't recommend here enough! Plus! Shes so nice and approachable and just enjoyable to be around. What more could you ask for?
2	Buffy- the- thyroid freakin -slayer -Daney: A Tale of Needle Therapy FoiledI had a less than titillating experience this week as I explored the Eastern side of Medical cures to ease my ailing thyroid. Dr. Buffy Daney, was one of the doctors who covers acupuncture on our insurance plan. I gave her office a call last week and I was scheduled to see her right away. A very pregnant woman called my name. "Hi, I'm Dr. Daney."  Well, sh*t on a stick!! I have nothing against pregnant women, after all, I was pregnant twice... but my mind began to race. Surely she was not due to have a baby for another 3 or 4 months. I mean, the office wouldn't have scheduled my appointment had she not been able to provide something called CONTINUITY of care, right? We proceeded to a very hurried and less than comprehensive intake of my symptoms and health history. I asked her if she had patients like me before. "Yeah" was her answer. "Have you had positive results?" I asked. "Um, well, the results have varied," she replied. And that was that.She took me to the room. Placed some needles on my hands, feet, and one in my neck. She turned out the lights to complete blackness and overhead there was a flicker flicker of some fluorescent lights. We didn't go through the game plan, she just poked, then left. When she came back, I told her I needed to pick up my little one from school. Unaware of how much time I needed for travel, she told me I had 10 more minutes and had plenty time . She returned to remove my needles. "I'm 39 weeks pregnant and I'm taking maternity leave next week. You'll need more treatments. You can schedule another appointment with me this week and perhaps you can see my partner for Biofeedback therapy while I'm gone for the next 4 weeks. You can google Biofeedback if you like." 39 weeks pregnant, ready to have her baby any minute and her office told me as clear as day she was accepting new patients? Accepting new patients that she won't be following up on? Accepting new patients that may need more than one treatment? In fact, more than one treatment and several over the next few months. Really?! The plan was to dump me off on her partner and I can Google the information on what her partner does. "Why don't you take this Thyroid supplement? It has has thyroid stuff in it." I had follow up questions on the supplement and she had very little information on it. Holy crap! As a registered nurse I would have never told my patients to research the solutions I was giving them. Whether it was a pill to take, a procedure or treatment, I would have never expected them to find the information on their own. As I got up to leave, per her instruction, I told her I felt like a needle was still in. Oopsie, she forgot a needle! Man, I think she forgot that she had a patient and forgot her professionalism, too! Won't be back.
5	Over the years, I've seen numerous chiropractors.  I was a recent visitor to Dr. Daney's office and continue to visit regularly for "maintenance" purposes.  The difference with Dr. Daney is her thorough attention to detail each and every visit.  It's not your typical run of the mill chiropractors that just adjusts you and moves on.  She takes the time to relieve tension in my muscles and is experienced in various treatment methods.  She has even performed acupuncture on my foot for other issues.  Dr. Daney recently mentioned to me she could treat my allergies.  We will see how that goes in the spring.  Thank you Dr. Daney for helping me stay pain free!
