4	This outlet is inside a series of warehouses so it might be hard to find without a gps system. We went here once and ended up buying a tv stand. It also helped that the salesperson offered an additional 10% off. This is a single floor warehouse but it's huge. Couches, loveseats, sectionals, recliners, chaise lounges, tables, dressers, tv stands are what you will find here. Signs are posted on the pieces. Several friendly, helpful salespeople are there to assist you (cashier), as well as people to break down the pieces and load it up in your vehicle. Lots of choices here. Some pieces are reasonable. Some pieces are a bit high. But you decide. Worth stopping here for a look. Might not be easy to walk around for those of you who need assistance (walkers, wheelchairs), due to the close proximity of the couches and sectionals.
4	My Brother-In-Law gets credit for introducing me to this place.  This is a gold mine for slightly defected (scratched or chipped) furniture and appliances.  It's where the returns from their regular retail store end up.  It's tucked away in the warehouse district of North Las Vegas, just off the I-15 freeway.My BIL bought a dining room set and a sofa & love seat here.  The prices are ridiculously low!  If you can live with the fact that it's brand new but with minor defects, then this is the place for you.  Some of the defects were minor and barely detectable.....nothing a little varnish or patchwork can't fix.  To save literally 100's or 1000's of dollars, it's worth it.  Most of the prices are 50-75% Off the retail price.I wish I knew about this place 3 yrs ago when we blew our wad on brand new furniture.**TIPS** - Be prepared to pick up the items yourself.  Delivery is NOT included with your purchase.- Everything is sold "As Is", no refunds.  So be sure to check your items BEFORE you leave.Overall, it's a great place to find awesome furniture deals.Return Factor - 100%
4	Bought my Queen size bed there. Rented a truck from Lowes for 25 bucks. The workers helped me load it up in the Lowes truck. My bed was $200. Great deal. This place is worth the drive.  But, it's in a seedy part of town.
1	We had an amazing sales person who really knew the products and helped us pick out some great beds and bedroom furniture. The problems were all with the merchandise being broken and the orders being incorrect upon delivery. The first delivery was scheduled and we were told that the headboard was broken for the King and would have to be sent another time. When the first delivery was made and they set up the Queen bed, it had a front board that was bowed out and wasn't even flush with the sideboards.  The driver agreed it looked defective and a 3rd delivery was schedule and it was to be brought out with the other beds King headboard.  When they delivered the pieces today the King bed had the wrong size rails (Cali King) so now they will have to do a 3rd delivery and it will happen later tonight when we will not be home. We also realized that the lightening in the Kind bed doesn't work as promised so that will probably be a 4th delivery/service call. I had to call RC Willey and there was nothing they could do about the timing and I asked them to credit my delivery fee. They didn't even attempt to offer this to me, I had to ask for it.  AWFUL experience and we may just return everything if we are having this many issues and we haven't even used our furniture.
5	Surprises around every corner!! We just furnished our whole house for a steal thanks to Blair. Anyone looking for quality furniture at an excellent price, check this place out. The only full clearance center in the city and it's worth the trip. Thank you Blair for all of your help!
3	RC Willey is definitely the better of the two clearance centers for furniture. I don't know where they get all of these outdated items, but it is no wonder they are trying to get rid of it. Once and a while, there are some amazing pieces. I had eye balled a couple of more modern pieces and once it come time to buy; I will be back to see if they are still available.
4	This place is so cool!!! If you go furniture shopping you know how expensive things can get. RC Willey Clearance Center really gets the job done while helping your wallet.. It's kind of like a treasure hunt here.. All of the pieces are new but have some sort of slight "defect" if you can even call it that.. Tables, chairs, beds, sofas, tv stands and other miscellaneous items fill this place.. Beware though, it is a warehouse so there is no AC and also all sales are FINAL... We were helped by Blair, who is awesome and we got a really great deal on a couch.. The discounted prices that they have marked there aren't even the final price... they give you an additional discount on top of that so be sure to ask a sales associate what the percentage is because it changes daily. 1 sucky thing is that they don't deliver so you have to bring your own vehicle and manpower.. They load the furniture for you but you obviously have to do all the unloading. However, they do have these guys out front, who aren't hired by them, but have a truck and deliver your items to you for $50! HOT TIP: Come a couple weeks after a big holiday.. They have an overflow of furniture so give an even BIGGER discount~
2	This place really isn't that great.   The merchandise seems really dated for the most part, and the prices aren't especially low considering most of the merchandise is either damaged or filthy.   You also get hounded by sales people around every corner, so definitely not a place to just window shop.
4	Be prepared to take some time to hunt around, and don't be afraid to accept the offers of help-- the staff is friendly, patient, and accommodating.  They are more than happy to make you a satisfied customer. Be sure to check items carefully to be sure you can accept any imperfections.
5	I purchased my dining room set a few months ago from the RC Willey Clearance Center. I was prepared to pay the sticker price and the wonderful sales associate informed me that today the dining tables were 50% off! Wow! Talk about a happy camper.  Today, my husband and I are in the market for a recliner...yep, heading to RC Willey. Already called and the associate advised they had "plenty" in stock. Love this place. Might be dark, a little dusty and not in the best part of town, but filled with great deals and excellent sales associates.Be sure to check out the product really good. Some merchandise has more defects than others.
5	After looking around for furniture our last stop was This clearance center. Sure glad we decided. It was great. The prices where awesome for the quality of furniture. If we had purchased the pieces at the main store we would have spent at least $1100 but including tax we spent $590. We don't mind the imperfections here and there the savings was worth it.
4	Hello, It is a clearance center.. lol of course the furniture is irregular and may have minor damage. I always get great customer service here and they often have extra specials. I walked away with a dinning set and a king size mattress set for under $1,000 - a week later I came in on a fluke and bought two end tables that were listed for $250, when the sales rep came over, he said today its an extra 50% off all tables... So, Im happy here!
5	I love rc willey!!!! I love the Clearance Center even more. Of course it's a clearance center the merchandise will have some damage. But to be honest it's really hard to find what the damage is. Almost everything in there looks pretty good. So a regular mirror that I would have gotten at rc willey regular store for $399 I got at the Clearance Center for $199. The only damage on that was a little crack but you can't even tell when it's set up. I also got some pots and pans and a remote control car for my brother. But I always love to go to the Clearance Center first before I actually go to the rc willie s to see if I can save some money.
4	We have purchased many items for our new home from RC Willey and have had great customer service on every item.
