5	along with the cameo cinema up the road (not to be confused with the fun cameo bar in leith), filmhouse shows arthouse/foreign/independent/old/non-shitty films. its cheap, and on fridays its cheaper. they often have the director or someone from the film come and speak at premieres, often have fun themed mini film festivals based on genre or geogprahic location and sadly often have those small screens and uncomfy seats. also a great cafe and restaurant for before/after film needs. seems to be a hang out for filmy artsy types and hip elderly.its worth it.  http://www.filmhousecinema.com/
4	The Filmhouse is Edinburgh's premier arthouse cinema. It used to take centre stage during the Edinburgh Film Festival but I feel that it's been usurped by Cineworld at Fountainbridge. Its still a good place to see a film. You never get rowdy noisy teens. I'm not sure if its airconditioned though. I remember this summer being uncomfortably hot during a Werner Herzog film about the Antarctic. (No, really) The DVD's that they sell in the foyer are a bit pricey, you can get them all much cheaper on play.com. However, it may be one of the last places to pick up anything on the Tartan label now they are bust. The cafe does great food and its a nice place for a drink and to meet friends. You can even take kids into the bar early on.
5	One of the independent cinemas in Edinburgh and the main home to the International Film Festival, it brings a variety of international and local films, no mainstream or blockbusters. (put this in the context of I love you Phillip Morris or the Last Train will be shown whilst there's no way you'll catch a Harry Potter or an X-Men movie here). There are often various festivals and events going on (their website is particularly useful and updated often!) and although their cafe/restaurant has no windows, it serves good food too. The screening rooms themselves are not huge and for the tall people I would be better seated at the ends of the rows- the seats are quite close together. But it has retained it's independent character, giving a breath of fresh air to the local cinemas for something a little bit different.Their tickets are very reasonable and keep a look out for early screening deals etc. Plus occasionally there are discussions with directors and filmmakers, which can be very interesting to attend.
4	I like to lurk around the Filmhouse cafe and bar now and again, pretending I'm a very deep film buff with a penchant for a random type of cinema that hardly anyone knows about, therefore making me very mysterious and intriguing. In real and honest terms, I do have a monthly pass for Cineworld to get my blockbuster and mainstream film fix, but I do love nothing better than a Spanish language film in an arthouse cinema, so the independent allure of the Filmhouse gets my vote.The cinema shows a good variety of films of a week, and I'm sure any individual, no matter how movie fussy, would find something to their liking. There a lot of little film seasons and festivals that go on here throughout the year, with the biggest being the Edinburgh International Film Festival, which uses the Filmhouse as its main hub in June. The Cafe is also great for lunchtime hanging, with reliably hearty food that's always tasty, plus there's free Wi-Fi, massive bonus.
4	The advantage with such independent cinemas is they act as a deterrent for little brats who scream and shout all the way through a viewing.Like the Cameo further up the road, the Filmhouse opt for the unique and interesting films that won't have been plugged on every available TV channel. Probably reaches its peak of attraction during the Edinburgh Festival as it becomes a hive of activity.Great for cinema lovers.
4	Although sitated very close to the Cameo cinema (just up the road), the Filmhouse has a very different vibe to it - while the Cameo excels at making you feel as though a trip to the cinema can be fun again, the Filmhouse kind of takes itself a bit more seriously.This can be seen in the most important part of any cinema - the film listings. Yes, they do some major releases, but they also do some more indie films, and even some art-house european type films. I actually like this kind of thing, but not as much as some of the patrons - who can be heard in the bar afterwards discussing aspects of the film that you thought were inconsiquential.A great place for cinema that is just a bit different.
4	The Filmhouse is one of Edinburgh's many cinema's and caters to the slightly more alternative audience.They frequently have month long themes, and a favourite of mine was the French Cinema one over the Christmas period. Their choice of movies can seem eclectic at times, as they may opt to show a blockbuster film more at home in the Omnicentre, or a more austere Nouvelle Vague classic. The last time I was there I saw Orson Welles And Me (it may have had something to do with Zac Efron!). The atmosphere is much more relaxed than a large cinema, the chairs are extremely cosy, and I have noticed the cinema theatres are hardly full! If you arrive a little early, as I have a few times, you can waste time browsing through their collection of foreign film Dvds (for sale!) in the reception. It's quite an extensive collection!
4	Wandering up lothian road was looking for a place to grab a bite. Popped in here for a no-fuss quick meal. Had the Thai curry and a decent pint from a good range of ales. While the layout is more refectory than restaurant the food was pretty good and very cheap. I think they do deals throughout the week. On the film side, haven't been in for a few months but I'd always pick an independent over a big chain.  Seem to attract folk who want to watch a film rather than see how many people can be disturbed with a bag of pic n' mix!
4	Fantastic old fashioned  cinema that still draw the curtains before the start of the film!!It has that old fashioned feel about it that reminds you of when you were a kid going to the cinema!Yes the leg room is awful, yes the chair are not as comfy as they could be, but isnt that all part of the cinema expereince in a way! Old cinemas were designed to pack people in and thats what this palce can do!!The concession stand needs moer variety but its still a cracking place!
4	His hands. Robert recognized Jason's hands rifling through the Foreign DVDs. This wasn't work and he'd only ever seen Jason at work. This was real life and no one was watching. Robert's mind couldn't help but fast forward to a potential romantic evening with a fine Bordeaux, some Thai food and hours and hours of carnal pleasures. Still standing there in a daze Jason turned, surprised and coughed, "Rob..Robert? What are you doing he-re?" then flushed... he was here with Brendan, his ex. "There's a movie depicting the injustices and corruption of Malawian government bond trading in the African Humanity Series this month. I'm planning on making a trip there soon, so I better brush up on the corruption and misguided efforts of our banks in these poor coun- What are YOU doing here?""A-a-a friend invited me to a free screening of a new Film Noir horror film, where the world gets taken over pigeon zombi- it was free.""Well, wow. It was good- it was gre-really great to see you. Oh, 80% Cacao, that's the good stuff. Well enjoy the movie, and the chocolate.""Well the movie doesn't start for another 45 minutes, wanna grab a beer and hang out for a bit?""I would but -uh- I'm here with... I can't,""Next time then?" And then it's your story to decide what happens...But the Filmhouse is the type of place that I imagine gay romance novels begin. It has all sorts of artsy fartsy, political and foreign movies, but also beer and a cafe. Where else would they start? P.S. Straight people can love the Filmhouse too, it's just for my gay romance novel, it was better that they were gay.
5	I love Filmhouse. It's the city's best cinema, partly because of its amazing independent programme, partly because of the great feel of the building (it's a converted church), partly because of the brilliant little cafe, and partly because THEY DON'T SERVE POPCORN. Yes, cinema goers. You read right. There's no popcorn. Which means you can usually enjoy a film in relative peace. No munching in your ear, no rustling, no crunchity crunchity. None of it. Wonderful! Of course, even without that amazing element to it, Filmhouse would still be ruling the cinematic roost anyway. Its programme is always excellent. The Film Guild also runs a cracking programme that's well worth investigation. There's none of that boring, cookie cutter multiplex feel either. Staff seem genuinely interested in film, the cinema supports local filmmakers and writers and it holds brilliant seasons and themes throughout the year. You don't see that at the local Odeon...There's a loyalty scheme that you can join for free and get discounts on grub (amazing nachos btw) and accumulate points. Points make prizes! Love, love, love!
5	Filmhouse! Why can't you exist in New York?A really amazing theater, not only in terms of their movie selections and series (I'm not a huge film buff, but in browsing the book I found tons of movies, big and small, that I would love to see) but also in terms of the whole experience. The cafe and bar area is cute, but not pretentious, and while we didn't get food, it all looked delicious. On a Wednesday night, it was packed, which gave it a cozy, community feel. And the theater itself, while one of the smaller ones, was comfy, and I loved how they draw the curtains before the film starts.
3	I wish there was a separate review for the cafe. Superb selection of film and the front if house staff are courteous and welcoming and then you transition to the cafe where the staff are aloof at best. See a film here, but with such a fine selection of pubs and restaurants in the area, do yourself a favour and eat/drink elsewhere in a place that shows appreciation for your custom.
1	Great cinema, but the decent enough cafe currently appears to suffer from HORRIBLE staff.  I am afraid this is the 3rd time I have been relatively recently when a grumpy bunch of young women (as it happens) have set about ruining the experience.  I need not have worried it was the cut of my jib in particular as I witnessed them cut through customer after customer.  No request was beyond the sneer, the bored look, the sigh, the tut.  Truly horrible.  I have been going for over 20 years and this is quite the worst it has been.  I am willing to put it down to them all having been out last night and hung over, but being rude and grumpy to my kids, forces me to register my unhappiness.  The Filmhouse deserves a lot better.
4	Such a great cinema with a wide range of films, including foreign language films and current blockbusters. The best choice of films in Edinburgh. The cafe is also great with a wide selection of food and a varying specials menu - portions are huge too. I recommend the nachos - yum!
4	I agree with many of the reviews. My experiences are very positive. I like the fact that indy, foreign films and previous releases get a chance to showcase. We actually went to see a 3D film.They have a large food court that serves coffee, cakes, ice creams, beer, wine etc.. which you are permitted to take into the cinema. Whoop! There is however no place, bar the floor,  to put these said drinks as there are no holders in the armrests.My gripe is the seats, these are not very comfortable and smallish. In the lobby there is also the opportunity to buy DVDs of all genres and eras of films. Service is friendly and efficient.
4	For a cinema lover like me, Edinburgh's filmhouse is the go-to temple for a film. Apparently it used to be a church, but that is not visible from the outside.Sure, they cannot host as many viewers as the big scale cineplexes. But with three screens the filmhouse can offer films all afternoon and night. Their programme hand-picked, every day a different mix of new films and classics and they have special programmes evry other week, be it a retrospective of a particular filmmaker/actor/ress or be it a special like the current cinema of childhood.You can become a member for 30Pounds and get 30 % off the normal price and all DVDs that you buy from them. You can.also rent a different film online on their homepage every week.If you are as crazy about films as I do you should think about the Unlimited Card. for 15.00 pounds a month you can cime and watch as many movies as you wish... They have a bar/restaurant as well. But I'd rather avoid it. It is sadly the most unwelcoming place I know. A depressing space with no windows and a cantine flair. I really don't understand why they,would not try and make more of it :-(
