4	A jumbo size Hebrew National hotdog with soda for $1.50???  Who can beat that?  Plus, like other fellow yelpers have said, their pizzas are HUGE.  For $9.99.  This particular Costco's staff has come along way since 4 years ago, but don't expect Neiman Marcus type customer service.  What am I saying??  Don't even expect Target like service!  They are smiling more though...maybe they've gotten enough raises...?You've gotta be a member and remember, they don't accept the V or MC.
3	This is my regular Costco for the last few years.  Nothing really sets this one apart form most of the others.  Very seldom do they run out of the ordinary stuff I get.  Being just one of me there is a limit to what I buy in bulk.  One gripe: they do not carry cigarettes any more except at the business center and they haven't carried MGD for many years.  Their meat selection may not be the lowest price in town but it is always good quality.  The lighting on the signage is poor and it is hard to find the first time at night From 79th.Last night I decide to "dine" there before shopping.  I liked the hot dog with soda.  It looks like the soda dispensers have options for just water and carbonated water.  The pizza slice was sort of greasy and limp, I chose the pepperoni because that is the one that had just come out of the oven as my turn in line came up.
4	Costco, I love you. Yes, I also love organic, mom & pop places but here on the west side bank of reality, those are few and far in between. What's there to say? This one is never out of what I want or need. LOVE LOVE LOVE the fromage tasting adventures... who doesn't love a little triple creme now and then? And may you always carry my beloved Joint Juice. Amen.
3	Snowbirds & the elderly have ruined this location for me.  If you go at any other time besides the opening hour then the lines are insanely long and the aisles are crowded.  The nearby Luby's doesn't help as far as keeping the snowbirds & elderly patrons away.  They do have good deals and they rotate some of their selection reasonably often, especially with liquor & wine.  Parking isn't too bad in the late morning hours.
3	Customer service here is really friendly and the fact that this place is always packed and caters to the Sun City crowd and snow birds really isn't Costco's fault, but it really makes shopping here a real pain in the ass. I have been to this Costco more times than I want to fess up to, and the last time I was in Arizona (the beginning of January), I had the "pleasure" in a 3 day trip of coming here twice.  Once with my mother and once to escort my 87 year old Grandma. The upside:Super nice employees-much more patient than I would be given the clientele. Optometry cleaned my Grandmother's glasses without a fuss.They sell Hebrew National salami, something we can't get up here.Electric carts for folks (like Grandma) who can't walk long distances without assistance.Lots of handicapped parking places.The downside:Even with all the handicapped parking spaces, there is never any handicapped parking available because of the proximity to Sun City.This place is always packed and when I say packed, I mean like Christmas or before Superbowl Sunday packed. Given the clientele, the bathroom placement is not necessarily convenient.This Costco has a gas station and all of the other bells and whistles-including a car wash (which I didn't use but saw the sign for). It is probably best to come here right before closing time because lots of the SS crowd doesn't drive at night...
5	Why the 5 star review you say?... well the fact that gas is the cheapest here earns there them the 5 star rating. Yes this costco can be filled with people and yes there are a lot of old people here, yet this costco is amazing.  The staff here has always been helpful and the facilities here are really well kept. The Optometrist here is pretty awesome and he soo nice. I would definitely recommend this costco.
5	Do I really have to say why this is the best place every to buy stuff?  If you don't have a membership to this place its your problem.  Its not like there is a short of customers willing to go to this location and shop....it might be one of the most busy in the state.  It isn't just for large quantity stuff, although everything here you buy is in large quantity.  I hear complaints sometimes that couples with no kids don't need a bag of toilet paper that will last them a year....but I would argue that that same HUGE bag cost the same as a quarter of that same product anywhere else.  Also they have furniture, seasonal stuff like outdoor grills, clothing, tools, electronics, appliances, office supplies, sometimes wall decor/pictures, and almost everything else you can imagine.  The very best part is that they will return ANYTHING! (except a few electronics items) and you don't have to have the receipt since they have everything on file (it helps to know about when you bought it or keep the box or code for them to scan if no receipt is near).  I do mean anything since I returned a broken umbrella that I paid $700 bucks for that blew over in the wind 6 months after I bought it.  I don't abuse this option but when it matters I do.
5	Best Costco to shop at.  I know all the stores are the same for the most part, but this one just has the right products out all the time.  Best mechandising presentation hands down compared to any other Costco.
3	Holy crap! This place was like Walmart on PCP! Between employees onforklifts, grammaws on wheelchairmobiles, Soccer moms on cellphones(watching the aisles instead of where the hell they were going), andrandom foreign dudes (just standing around and staring in the middleof the aisles as if they were extras from The Walking Dead) - it waslike real-life Frogger. I wasn't sure I was going to make it outtathere in one piece. A relative from outta town wanted to impress mewith her Costco card. Alright. Color me freaking impressed. Boner City!She bought enough stuff that I knew I'd have to pack the freezer likeit was a piece of luggage where you try to fit all the excess crap youbought on your trip by sitting on it just to close it. All I wanted to do was just GTFO as soon as humanly possible. I will probably never get a damn Costco card unless there's a real zombie apocalypse and I end up housing and feeding several infantry units at my place. In that case I probably won't need a card. We'd come back and just take what we need and I bet the same zombies will still be in the aisles. Standing. Staring. Aim for the goddamn head!
4	Food counter - I never thought to review costco before today, its probably messed up that what made me think of it was what I am going to complain about.  Pizza - 5 stars (great sauce, great crust, cooked right, great price). Frozen yogurt - 5 stars (so creamy and yummy). Turkey provolone sandwich - 1 star (over heated/cooked, not fresh, greasy, it didn't taste gross though)... Store - 4 stars - nice selection, good prices, nice customer service. I just hate when they stop carrying something I love.
5	I am a fan of costco.  I like their Kirkland brand.  I love the optical dept.  Just got a pair of long distance glasses with all the coatings - my eyes glaze over when they start talking about the coatings - and paid $128.  That is remarkable!!  I've paid $400 to $500 in the past.  We especially like the Cambazola cheese, the Kirkland Pulled Pork, the fresh halibut (when they have it in), Kirkland nuts etc etc.The store is always clean and there are of course 'the samples'.  You could eat a lunch as you wend your way through the aisles.  Personnel are friendly and good at keeping the sometimes long lines at the checkout moving.
4	Good gas prices and usually not quite as unbearable of a line. Enjoyable. Still can't seem to make the membership worthwhile though. Who am I kidding? It will take the boyfriend and I a year to finish the standard bag of chicken. Great trays though for parties. Make sure you save your receipt to leave and bring cash (needed for pizza) or debit.
3	This isn't the greatest costco I have ever been too. I have a few issues with it. The parking can get pretty bad but that is most costcos so I just go with it. I love costco because of their samples. That is my favorite part and the marketing usually works well on me. I almost always end up buying something I sampled. This costco just has the worst samples I have experienced. The sample service is so slow. They always run out of samples right away and then they start making the next batch. This process is not effiecnt and frustrating. Yes, I know what you are thinking- They are free, why am I complaining? Its because samples are a big part of my costco experience. I have been to other costcos where there samples are running like a well oiled machine and they are passing them out left and right.Another problem I have is the car wash. It does a great job washing the outside of my car, but there is nothing to do with my inside. I need vacuums! What car wash does not provide vacuums? I do enjoy getting beer and wine there. I love the large costco size vodkas and what not. I also recently found out about their discount restaurant cards which are nice. So basically, I will continue to go but will scowl when the wait between samples is 10 minutes. Feeed me costco!
3	They always seem to be rocking the samples. They have a over abundance of old folks I think this is their secret meeting lair. The checkouts are always packed but they turn and burn them. Helpful staff of big heavy stuff.
1	-1 star for the bad parking lot . Maneuvering in it is alot like playing a combination of GTA and Burnout. -1 star for the hateful staff. If you're in there and you see a woman named Barbara , steer clear of that bitch. I used to come here just for lunch a few years ago , always got static from her (take off another star just for her). -1 star for prices. Whether it's gas or milk , they're always more expensive. I thought the idea of having a membership was to pay less , don't you agree? I guess the nicest thing I can say about this place is that it's clean.
4	Everything at this Costco is fantastic!  Well, everything EXCEPT the pharmacy.  They are rude, and do not answer questions.
4	Not the I place to be on the weekend.  Crazy busy.  Good shopping though if you can bear the crowds.
1	Pure madness...at 2 pm on a Thursday? Accessible parking was full. There was only one motorized cart. It took me five minutes just to motor into the store, no thanks to the hordes departing who could not see my flag, cart, or colorfully clad body. Before coming to the store, I called to get the membership price, and was told there is a $25 option. Um, nope. Try $55...can you say bait and switch?Long, long lines to check out, just like the day before Thanksgiving or the zombie invasion. I ran screaming, straight to Sam's Club, where the shoppers are polite and the aisles are well labeled. Costco may have fancy meat and a service deli...but I'm not going to fight for my food and jumbo bottles of Tide. Never again!
4	I never remember Costco having this awesome of an alcohol selection. All the other stuff is as awesome as you'll find in any other location, but you should know me well enough to see which direction this review is headed in. If I'm throwing a party where quantity is more important than quality, they've got me covered. My jaw freaking dropped at the sight of 6 bottles of Beringer for $18. I was in disbelief at the low, low prices for handles of typical party swill like Fireball. As I stood there in amazement, the representative was eager to watch me toss boxes of goods into the cart. Only regret was having jager as bulk only. $90 for six bottles and an ice chest. That's an awesome deal, but I'm not crashing an ASU party, so that's overdoing it. Even for me.
2	If you like to play smash-up derby with over-sized shopping carts while avoiding being stampeded by glossy-eyed patrons, and waiting in line for 15 minutes in order to leave the store, I would highly recommend doing your Christmas shopping here.PS. The oranges we purchased here are very dry.  Almost no juice in them at all.
3	I love warehouse stores and this costco is good for the most part as far as item selection and everything goes but there is a few issues. First, the parking lot is like a bumper cart ring with cars fighting for parking spots and people fighting to cross the streets. Second, the store is a mad house, all the time. Third, the food court isn't big enough to house all the people in there. This is the only costco in the NW valley and they desperately need another to ease some of this traffic.
4	I love Costco, almost to the point of being an obsession. I buy everything here. Very clean store, nice and close to my house, and this one has a gas station and car wash. Only downside (and this is with every Costco I've ever been too) is that it's always PACKED, long lines, hard to find parking. But, of course, if you shop here regularly you already know that going in. Checkers don't seem like they want to converse, just want to get people through as fast as possible, which I don't mind because by the end of my trip I just want to get out of there. Keep doing what your doing, Costco.
4	This Costco has everything...  Car wash, gas station, wow!  Busy as hell, but it is Costco.
4	I like Costco, and find that there are some surprises I love (e.g. Einstein Bagels), but there are two improvements I suggest; 1. Open earlier, or sell a membership that allows early entry (which is why I have a Sam's Club card-I rise early), and 2. Tie your purchases into points for gasoline credit (like other supermarkets), and you will draw significant traffic from them!
4	I love Costo, but this one is so busy ALL the time, and the close so early that there's no choice but to go right after work or on the weekends. I am a huge fan of Kirkland products, so it's worth it!
1	Last summer, I took my grandson in my 2010 Honda Insight for a wash at the Costco Car Wash,17550 N. 79th Ave. Glendale, AZ 85308. This was the first time, since purchasing the vehicle, to have an automatic car wash as I always wash my vehicles by hand. While going through the wash, we heard a loud "POP" sound from the front of the car (like running over a soda bottle). After exiting the wash, we pulled out into the parking lot to see what made the sound. I found my front bumper cover was damaged. We immediately went to the store, asked for a manager, and he directed me to fill out a damage report with the car wash staff. After filling out the report, we took photos and waited for someone to contact us. After several weeks, I called the store to find out what was happening with the follow-up on the damage. Meanwhile, I filled a report on the damage with my Allstate agent and went to Honda for a repair estimate, which was over $1200. After a few more weeks, the Costco insurance agent called, said he reviewed the report, and said there was no way their equipment could cause the damage reported. I asked if he saw the photos, and he was not aware of any photos. Basically, he is in another state, never saw the damage, and made a judgment based on a one paragraph report. I had the damage repaired by Honda, paid the deductible, and now Allstate is pursuing them for reimbursement. BE AWARE OF DAMAGE TO YOUR VEHICLE, CAUSED BY THIS CAR WASH EQUIPMENT, WILL NOT BE REPAIRED, CORRECTED, FIXED, OR EVEN PROPERLY INVESTIGATED BY EITHER COSTCO OR IT'S AGENTS!!!!
3	First off, I love Costco--have been going ever since I lived in CA & it was called Price Club.  This location is very clean & well-stocked, but I don't go as often as I'd like to because I live a 30-minute drive away in a senior community in the city of Surprise.  There is plenty of new housing & new retail in my area & I would be a weekly shopper if Costco were closer.  Also, this location's parking lot is just about bursting at the seems, even at 11 o'clock on a weekday morning.  Cashiers are very efficient but lines can be long, no matter what time of day--big downside.  That said, I do stock up, but I'd spend more and shop more often if it didn't take so much time.
5	Very clean location. Everyone there is always friendly as well. Typically busy on weekends and evenings. During weekdays not so bad. Same as any other location.
4	Great store that is more than worth the membership fees. I always find myself buying way more than I need whenever I go, but hey you can never have too much toilet paper right? The staff is always very friendly and helpful. The electronics and automotive departments are always useful. My family gets all their tires and home theater equipment at great prices from this Costco. I definitely recommend the store to everyone. The food is also delicious and a good change of pace from time to time.The only reason they receive four stars, sadly is not this particular stores fault. At another location I had some problems with the auto shop. Also this store location gets very crowded on weekends so you must be willing to wade through the sea of people.
5	Blendtec is here till Tuesday! best blender ever with an 8 year warranty. It's my newest obsession!
5	Clean store and always stocked.  If you can't find something, they are eager to assist.  There are long lines at check out but they move fast.  Car wash is great!  Always enjoy a good hot dog while there.  Bought a dining room table and chairs several months ago and very happy with it.
5	Been a member for 10 years and I love everything about Costco. This specific location has terrific customer service. They are always super crowded but what Costco isn't?Jaime in customer service is exceptional and fast in service... Adore her!!!!
1	Not happy with my recent experience.
1	Not happy with my experience, not happy with my previous either.
4	I live coming here for my bulk shopping trips. I do what I can to avoid weekends at the store.Check their specials and stock up when favorites are in sale - many times there is a limit of 4 at sale price. You don't need coupons anymore to get the discount.They have some pretty awesome samples here lately like caramel popcorn, crab cakes, etc.Be ready to spend some cash on large quantities.If you plan on buying some smaller items, bring a reusable bag or but a 6 pack for like $7.Happy bulking!
5	This is a great place for a deal, and you could make an entire lunch out of the free samples that are offered, especially on the weekends.
4	Good God this has to be the craziest Costco around.  With Sun City nearby you have to be careful in the parking lot, cutting across isles, or timing your churro run.  I usually stop by at either opening or closing to avoid this madhouse.  This has to be one of their most profitable stores in AZ?I dig the low gas prices and am a frequent user of the car wash.I will always love Costco for the great values and unique items as long as I can mange the crowds.
3	Meh. It's Costco. The people that work here aren't very friendly but I've seen worse.
