4	Super nice staff ... nice place ... and the Doctor was even nicer than the staff.Not sure of the prices, they seemed high but I really have nothing to compare it to.
1	Oh Nationwide... I called today because I had a unique situation that needed fixing. I had used Nationwide previously, and today they lost a long time customer. When I opened my last pair of contacts, i discovered that one of the containers was empty. No contact, no solution. It had been over a year since my last appointment, and they couldn't give me a trial pair of contacts until I had an eye appointment with the doctor. I understand this, I'm fine with this. I would have loved if someone would have gotten to the point instead of running me in circles. What should have been an easy fix turned into being placed on hold 8 different times in one conversation, being told to call a different location to try and seek help 3 times, and no one knowing what to do. You know what would have fixed this situation? Setting up an eye appointment for me, and providing a free pair of contacts. This conversation took 45 minutes. I called two locations multiple times. I was disconnected twice, and somehow reached the voicemail 3 times while attempting to get back in touch with the person I was talking to. Neither location had any idea what to do and they only answer I got from ANYONE was to call a different location to get help. No one wanted to take responsibility or give suggestions on how to resolve the issue. I flat out said "I don't know what I should do" and I was told to keep calling locations until someone figured out what to do. So somehow after repeating myself to 5 people for almost an hour, I talked to someone who seemed to know what to do. I updated my information with her, confirmed an appointment time with her. Finally we are going to get somewhere. NOPE. Hours later I got a call because they don't take my insurance. What the hell, people? What is wrong with you guys? Get your shit together. So back to square one I go. I am extremely frustrated. So once I find a new optometrist, I am still expecting Nationwide to replace the pair of contacts.
5	My experience here went very smooth. I'm not a fan of going to the eye dr, I hate things near my eyes, but my tech Dulce was very nice and comforting. The dr was personable and gave me the answers I was looking for. Will definitely be back.
2	I have been coming here for several years, more for convenience than anything else.  Today I was seen by Dr. Rosenberg who had the personality of a limp wet dish rag and was borderline rude.  The exam was extremely brief, and I could tell he just wanted to get the hell out of there.  Sure enough, he booked it out the front door immediately after my exam.  The staff is nice enough.  Amanda, who assisted me with my glasses selection was very patient and helpful and helped me pick out a nice pair that suited me well.  Their glasses are way overpriced in my opinion but they do have a nice selection.  Even with insurance, I made it out the door for around $400 for a contacts/glasses exam and frames/lenses.  I'll be ordering my contacts elsewhere.  I am kicking myself for not shopping around more this time but lesson learned.  Again.
4	I had a good eye exam experience and had fun picking out my new frames.  The pickup could not have been easier and my glasses were ready sooner than expected.  The parking lot and entrances to this shopping center are not the greatest.  There were only three entrances that I saw, and all of them on super busy city streets with other cars exiting from the shopping center.
