3	For the longest time I thought this place was called The Brass Rail. (insert gay bar joke here) It's actually not a bad place to chill with friends.  Totally unpretentious downtown Las Vegas lounge, just as it should be.  It's not hard to find.  Just look for the comically oversized "world's largest pint glass" toward the end of the Fremont Street Experience and head upstairs.  On weekends there's usually a DJ spinning, making it easy to do a little dancing.  But if you just want to head out to the patio and check out the balcony view, that's cool too.  I'm only giving this place 3 stars because it's nothing spectacular, but it is a little more fun than going to your neighborhood bar.
4	The only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because the bathrooms are nasty nasty. And not just that, but my boyfriend told me the next day that the men's restroom had a fucking attendant! You've got to be kidding me!! The girls' restroom floor was covered in unidentified pills and vomit (I'm not exagerrating), there was no TP or paper towels, and the guys get an ATTENDANT?! Eff that.We came on First Friday, and it was extra super busy. There was a line halfway across the walkway. Me and my cousin got approached by a guy all in white, asked us if we wanted cocaine. No thanks. Nice for sticking to the traditional dealer uniform, though.$3 cover-- they don't always do this, but I guess since it was First Friday they charged. Everyone got a hand stamp. We got in my friend who was under 21 by redrawing the stamp on his hand, freehand (the ink wouldn't transfer). What can I say? I'm a design major with a knack for illustration, I might as well use my talents.Big 24 oz cans of Pabst for $3.50, don't know how much other drinks are (but why would you buy anything else at that price?). We spent the whole night getting drunker and drunker on the couches on the patio, smoking and laughing. When we were drunk enough, we stumbled out to the dance floor and embarrassed ourselves until 3 am.Screw the Strip, this is real Vegas. This was a lot of fun, with mostly locals, and we had a great time, even without all the Vegas "hype" or places like Tao and Pure. Screw them, I'll take Fremont Street any day.
3	The music isn't too bad.  Not really a big place.  At least it's free, but I heard when it's crowded they charge $5 to get in which probably isn't worth it.  There's a nice little outside area, and a small place to dance in.  Drinks aren't too much.  I don't think much of the location, but it's not a bad place to check out if you're in the mood to go downtown.
5	I love this place, but I don't go during first friday.  The rest of the month, it is totally chill, the staff rocks and the food & drinks are more than reasonable.
1	when i asked the whack ass DJ to play some reggae, instead of the top 40s garbage circa 1991 he was spinning.. HE LAUGHED AT ME & continued to mouth the words to Jay Z's "Izzo (H to the Izzo)."  that stuff is fine for kicking back with friends while reminiscing about the music you listened to in grade school, not when you're at a club to dance.and SEXY BACK!? did you decide to give up on music two years ago?  i think you have.  what a jerk.. i should have just brought my ipod & rocked out to my own music.and what's up with all the good looking guys being 5 feet high?
4	My bff and I were staying at the El Cortez for one night, and stumbled into the Fremont Street, uh, area, around dinner time. After wandering all the way to the end, we decided a burger would do us some good. So we wandered all the way back to the beginning, where Brass was. We contemplated which restaurant to go to, because there appeared to be three of them. Just randomly decided to go to Brass- as we're going in, our ID's were checked, and the "bouncer" said an Iron Maiden tribute band was playing that night. Wait, what? Really?We went up stairs to the bar/lounge/restaurant (I don't really know what to categorize this as), and it was pretty empty. We sat down in a booth, and realized NO ONE was going to come and give us food or drinks. So we went to the bar, got our drinks, and a burger. The burger was goooood! It came with tortilla chips instead of fries, which was kinda weird, but I'll go with it. We had a good time watching the Metallica tribute band, and the iron maiden tribute band. Although by the time Iron Maiden came on, I was tired of sitting there- why did fake-Metallica get such a long set?Good food, good drinks, clean. I would've loved to have seen someone on the fake bull...
1	OK... With the economy being in the shape that it is in,  you would think businesses would be all over their patrons with the highest level of customer service. This was not the case at the Brass Lounge and Restaurant. I went there today to spend some money , to help out my local community. The bartender was inattentive and did not ask us what we wanted to drink, we sat at the bar for 10 minutes and no service was offered. The place was "EMPTY"???  So we moved to a table outside the bar and the wait  staff did not even acknowledge us. WOW.. What a  SHOCK  when business is so bad these days, .this place was "EMPTY" so you could not miss me and my friend.  Shame on the workers and shame on the people who are training the staff at the Brass... The lack of service and attention they do not give their customers will eventually help them close their doors permanently. Do NOT go to this place, you will  surely be disappointed. Needless to say, since we did not get served, we walked out after waiting for 20 minutes at the table.... And still no service.
5	Sunday nights are the best, lingerie clad models fill the room as the photographers of Vegas Vision Studios do live photo shoots with them on the balcony.The walls are covered with the glamour and art nude photos of the participating photographers and DJ Dez spins a mean top 40 dance mix 8-Midnight every Sunday
5	I love this place!
3	Brass turns into "The Beat" on First Fridays. I'll be back! First Friday is now cool to go to again.LOCATION: Fremont of course. But instead of being down on Fremont its up on Fremont! (huh?) :) Its actually situated above Hennesy's Tavern. Head upstairs because that's where the party's at. There's a balcony so all you smokers can have a smoke break and watch the crazies walk Fremont. If you want to leave, no problem, Beauty Bar, Vanguard, Insert Coins is just right across Las Vegas Blvd so you can bar hop and mob the rest of downtown. MUSIC: I think KidFunk was on decks. And he did not disappoint. It was a constant stream of good tracks. Lots of house & tech house, dropped some electro and dubstep. It was a good night! There's a decent size dance floor for the size of the place. I only went into the main room but on the other side there's an even larger room with a different DJ, possibly different music too? If they keep it up I'll make this a regular stop on First Friday.BATHROOMS: Were filthy and disgusting. Drinks and other unmentionables all over the floor. Be sure to check if there's toilet paper before you pop-a-squat. The dispensers were always empty so grab a handful of paper towels before you go in.GOGO: The gogo(s) were 100% disappointing, sorry. Both in looks and in dancing.GUYS: No dress code, no cover when I went.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
3	Definitely your HITW HOT spot went there for "The Beat" for First Fridays and also went there for other local underground EDM events.Music: 5/5 From electro house to dubstep to live rapping with dubstep the event definitely put on a show. This place is great for EDM lovers who want the down town night out. Down town meaning no dress code, bar hoping and decent priced drinks + no cover. Restrooms: 0/5 The restrooms are disgusting toilet paper every where and water dripping under the sink made the floor slippery. Also it smelled like a locker room in there. Price: 3/5 The drinks here are decent priced and there's no cover except when the venue is rented out by another group other than beat lounge. Sometimes cover can be $10 bucks for male and female 21+Gogo's: 0/5  I love go go's because I used to be one and from time to time I still go go BUT at brass lounge the go go's I'm sorry sucked. None of them were good looking or could dance. There was one go go dancing on the outside booth in the corner that no one stood around (I'm sure for that reason) they put her there. BUT she definitely sucked. I was actually afraid for her because she was doing some kind of flapping her arms move that made her look like she wasn't stable and she could fall over off the ledge. Also the Go go's didn't look all 21+ just saying..
3	On March 17th we enjoyed the 2nd floor outdoor seating - very cool with the clear, glass balcony and the numerous couches.  The menu seemed surprisingly good, except the parmesan truffle fries had no truffle flavor at all.  The fries were cooked beautifully.  And then there was the issue with the tab...  Our group paid up front for our order (14 of us, none of us were drunk) and they tried to get us to pay for another two entrees.  Ummm...  I don't think so.  We knew exactly what we ordered and how much we gave the bartender (by the way, we weren't given a receipt) which included a 20% tip.  Nice place, cool seating, poor service.
5	Karaoke, local music acts, drink and food specials (and it's good stuff!).... there's always something fun going on at Brass.  Also, this is just one of the 4 bars in the Hennessey's complex.  You can effectively bar-hop without leaving the building!  Look for all-star bartenders Shiloh, Sandra, and Tommy for yummy drinks and good times upstairs.
5	First time coming here on a Saturday. Gotta admit, place was pretty cool. Wasn't too busy or anything. Service was awesome. Was served with drinks and food really fast. The drinks and food that my friend and I ordered, were really great. Wish there was a little more flavor to the food though. Also, the bartender girls were amazing with their customer service and serving there customers drinks. And I gotta admit they were very attractive. So that was a plus. Fun night here.
2	Bloody Mary's rate no stars. Appetizers were good but repeated attempts to get steak right failed. Server was busy but attentive. Loved the live music. Go for the atmosphere. Loved the open patio over Fremont Street.
3	The Brass Lounge is probably an often overlooked Fremont Street hangout unless it's a very busy Fri or Sat night and everyone is out and about hitting up all the hot spots. It is located on the second floor above Hennessy's/Mickie Finnz. You would not even know it was there if you weren't specifically seeking it out OR if you were being enticed into the establishment by the people on ground level. I have been to the Brass Lounge on two separate occasions. My most recent jaunt was just a random happening. My group happened to be passing by and we were given 2-4-1 drink coupons, which lead us directly inside, because - HEY - free drinks. Once you go up the escalator you enter the bar by taking a right, not a left because that takes you to a different section of the upstairs. The Brass Lounge cosists of a large, round bar, and a stage for dancing and karaoke. When we were there on a Wednesday night, there was karaoke going on. We sat and ordered our drinks, which were extremely cheap indeed. We were pleased. We hung out for awhile and watched some karaoke. Not much else was happening, and although we enjoyed free drinks, Brass Lounge does not really offer much up in terms of out-of-the-box cocktails like other places on Fremont.Overall Brass Lounge is a good stop for cheap drinks and some entertainment if they happen to be doing karaoke on a night you are there.
3	Happy hour, happy hour, happy hour! They have amazing drink specials from 4-7pm. And some tasty appetizers too.
4	$3 pbr. What can I say.
2	Decent happy hour for hit and miss food. I received a burned quesadilla, but other folks around me looked to be enjoying their half -off appetizers. $3 PBR was great, especially on a hot day. Live entertainment that afternoon was provided by a generic cover songs guitarist/vocalist -- I didn't catch her name, but people liked her. I didn't, but I'm an intolerable snob about these things. If I were drunk, and I'd stumbled up the escalators and somehow got served more drinks, I'd probably love the place. But I was sober and in a hurry. Service was slow and unenthused.
4	We came here at a great time - when it was happy hour and all appetizers were half off.  It's definitely a great deal for food!  I ordered the chicken quesadilla and calamari salad to share.  We enjoyed both dishes a lot.  They also had live music come in and the bartender was really friendly.  A cool place to hang out!
1	Terrible sound system, amateur hour on sound board. Wow, a place that advertises live music should have a high quality sound system and an experienced sound board tech.  Brass/LVCS has neither.  I came here to watch one of my favorite bands, RNR, but the sound quality was beyond terrible.  The speakers sound like they are blown and performances have constant feedback.  I feel bad for people who came to hear quality music and we're let down by the joke of a sound system in this place.  Take a pass on this joke of a live music lounge until they actually invest in a quality sound system.  J.O.K.E.
1	Came in for happy hour on a Friday night.  Margaritas tasted like lemonade.  Appetizers half off, came out after a very long time and we could tell they had been sitting in the window a while.  Service very inattentive and slow.  Better deals and better service had elsewhere.  Will never return.
3	After our wonderful tour at the Banger Brewery, we were hungry!  We were on the fence on where to go.  All of a sudden a group of drunks started yelling at us, in a good way of course.  They kept saying that they work for this new place called the Brass lounge and that we should all go up for lunch.  Later we found out that they were just drunk guys trying to get people up there to start a party.  Our group had a lot of good looking girls as well, so I had a feeling that was part of their "all male" group's agenda.  LOL.This restaurant is located on the Fremont Street Experience on the second floor, above Hennessey's Tavern.  When you get up the escalators, the first thing you notice is the huge bar area.  It's definitely the focal point and most of the seating in the joint.  A large circular bar with some high pub tabletops on the side.  We chose to sit there so we could converse.  Our server was nice, but didn't really converse with us or engage us.  She was still pretty fast with our order and food.  Aside from the group, there really wasn't anyone there, so that must have been why. Our group was 15 strong, so our manager just ordered everything thing on the left side of the menu (All appetizers).  Although I will not go over all of it, I wanted to share the ones that stood out to me.  Here's what I thought:Chicken Quesadilla for $10:  Chicken breast tossed with feta cheese and sundried tomato pesto and served with a tomato pesto aioli for dipping.  The quesadilla were thick.  The flavor was a little weird though, with the feta. I honestly thought it was a not-so-good attempt to take a quesadilla to the next level.Beef Carpaccio for $9:  Thinly sliced filet topped with capers and red onions and miso aioli.  Once again, not such a good attempt to serve upscale food.  The beef didn't have much flavor, thank goodness for the capers.  Spinach and Artichoke Dip for $10:  Spinach and artichoke topped with parmesan cheese and chopped tomatoes, served with tortilla chips.  I loved the chips, nicely salted. I felt like the dip was super dry.  Almost needed more of the cream they use.  Crispy Fried Calamari for $13:  Seasoned calamari fried and tossed with lemon and peperoncinis for $13.  FINALLY, a dish I loved!  The calamari was super flavorful, the batter wasn't heavy.  The peperoncinis were a nice touch to the dish.  There was a super delicious dipping sauce.  What I really loved about this dish is the variety of calamari loops AND small whole critters.  My absolute favorite!  Highly recommend at this place.Brass Beer Chip Nachos for $12:  home made potato chips topped with beans, cheese, jalapenos, green onions, black olives, pico de gallo, ground beef and sour cream.  The chips were a little too drenched in either the bean soup or liquid from the pico, idk.  It made the dish soggy.  Bruschetta for $10:  Their own recipe served on French bread points and drizzles with a balsamic reduction. Another GREAT dish!  The tomatoes and balsamic reduction just made a very fresh and sweet flavor.  The bread was perfectly toasted and nicely buttered.  Great dish!The overall food experience wasn't the best.  I definitely think there's room for a lot of improvement in their food.  With all the new restaurant joints opening up downtown, it's hard to remember this experience.  Especially with such amazing food options.  I'm hoping to revisit this place in the future with a better outcome.
3	Made it for the half-priced apz & drink specials. Portions are pretty big. Tried the bruschetta & chicken fingers/fries! Friends had the spinach & artichoke dip, quesadillas and a salad (which had huge chunks of fetta). Everyone agreed - food was great!! Service was meh - the girl was nice don't get me wrong.. but she forgot to bring the cutlery out, even after being asked for it.. then we had to go get it ourselves. Tables were in poor condition, my chair seemed like it was gonna break any second.Overall, would eat here again!
4	Brass Lounge sits on prime Vegas real estate where the Fremont Street Experience, Las Vegas Boulevard, and Fremont Street East District intersect. It is prime real estate sharing the same building as Hennesey's,  Mickie Finnz, and a country saloon.   I had never planned to visit Brass Lounge. As a matter of fact I was walking from the newly built Container Park bound for an evening of fun on the Fremont Street Experience. So, I am walking by the Necropolis area when this dude is yelling out happy hour beer. I have never met a Happy Hour I did not like. So, I walked past the guy into what looked like Hennesey's. I ride on the escalator to a large room on the second floor. It is the Brass Lounge.  My first impression is that it is upbeat. This is not one of those dingy bars that are smoky. The Brass Lounge kind of reminded me of a pent house. Even though its on the second floor. A large section of two of the four walls are plate glass windows that overlook the gateway to the Fremont Street East District and the Fremont Street Experience overlooking the Neonopolis where you could see the side show at the Heart Attack Grill. People can walk outside on the patio and enjoy an adult beverage overlooking Fremont Street. The first time here I enjoyed a couple $3 PER drafts at the circular bar in the center of the room. The bar was less noisy than the tables between the bar and patio. The service was decent. The following visit, which was during Happy Hour, I drank the draft PBR's on the patio. When the weather is nice, this is an underrated spot to take in the Fremont Street Experience below.  My third visit here was a couple of weeks later. It was after the Yelp Helps event at the Gold Spike. After the event my Yelp friend Christie and I hung out here for a bit. This time I tried their Blue Hawaiin-my adult beverage of choice. Sonia never made a Blue Hawaiin and learned it on the spot. From what I remember it tasted good. Last week I returned to Brass Lounge to try their spicy Bloody Mary. This was the 4-7 pm Happy Hour where the Spicy Bloody Mary was $4, Margaritas are $4, and selected well drinks and draft beer are $3. I've had enough Spicy Bloody Mary's in my life to tell the good from the bad. This Spicy Bloody Mary was good! And very strong! It was a tasty adult beverage with the pepperish tomato juice taste that I savor. None of this sour stuff ravaged with salt that I have experienced at a few bars lately.   This past Saturday, I returned to Brass Lounge with my brother. Happy Hour was long over. The draft beer jumped up to $6 and was in a small plastic cup. Why not a glass? The service was sporadic.  The soundtrack was mixes of old school dance. If I return here on a Monday, Tuesday, or Sunday night I could listen to patrons take over the Mic to sing along to karaoke.  It is difficult to rate a bar less than three stars. Let's face it, bars specialize in a product that makes you feel good. When your feeling good it is hard to rate that place less than three stars. But the  Brass Lounge is over and above selling a beverage that makes me feel good. It is an underated bar where I enjoy sipping a PBR  and taking in the action of the Fremont Street Experience from the upper level. With all that Brass Lounge offers during Happy Hour it is time to elevate it from underrated to 4 stars.
4	Little cutie by the name of Bobby was out there working hard flipping signs. He had charm and talent and that's what drew my sister in law and I into Brass Lounge. He gave us a couple of tickets for their drink special. Two for one drinks. How could we pass that up?! He told us there would be karaoke singing later on that night, so we decided to come back later for that. The karaoke was pretty awesome and entertaining! Down to earth crowd. Chill balcony patio area. Limited drink selection for the two for one though, and not strong enough for me. Still worth going to if you are downtown.
2	Enticed by half price appetizers, wasn't impressed. Ordered calamari, potato skins, carpaccio. All of the garnish was old and brown. The calamari was cold. The carpaccio had old disgusting onions and smelled terrible. Potato skins were very greasy. Not worth it. Not even at half price.
1	Not a bad place during the day. BUT, at night the, for want of a better term, music is mostly hip hop or (worse) trap music.  It is played so loud you may get you damage to you hearing.  It's just as loud, or louder outside.  I don't know how those folks on Fremont deal with it.  Unless you are a hard core fan of the above, stay away!
4	They get 4 stars for the fact they hand out 2 4 1 drink tix always at the front door. When you have the tickets their drink prices are very affordable. They will even let you mix and match like getting one beer and one mixed drink. That was really dope of them! They have a cool smoking section that is outside and overlooks Fremont Experience so you can ppl watch and see all the crazies. They have a little dance floor that is always calling your name. The DJ is aight playing a variety of music. The bartenders are all very nice and friendly. All in all this is a great stop when on Fremont St Experience! There's a sufficient amount of tables to sit at. The decor is nothing special. They do have a bathroom and it was decently clean when I made a pit stop.
1	I don't know which is worse blasting out on to Fremont, the karaoke or the hip hop. They try to compete with the, usually,  good bands at Mickie Finns
4	This is a great bar! They make their own mix, which makes for excellent drinks. I had an awesome lemonade with vodka, and it was on happy hour for $5. There's a great view Fremont street. I will definitely add this to my downtown bar tour!
1	Like many others I was lured in by the friendly young man out front announcing half priced appetizers for happy hour. Looking for a medium sized snack, sharing a couple of appetizers sounded like exactly what we needed. My friend ordered a Caesar salad which she was not impressed with. Only ate it because she was starving and couldn't eat even half of it because it tasted old and wilted. So she changed it up and shared my appetizers...The potato chip nachos sounded good in theory... and probably could have worked out well if they made an effort. The cheese in the places they out it was barely melted. The chips needed some salt or something and could have been cooked a little better, the beans they put on weren't drained so it left a swampy residue over the entire plate and completely put us off. Also ordered were the potato skins that were straight up raw potato in the middle because they weren't prepped properly. They were hard on the outside almost like they parcooked them  earlier and they sat for a while and then were finished when my ticket popped up in the kitchen.Aside from the food I really have to mention the service.... in such a cool looking place they really need to take a look at themselves when they step out to serve people. The young man out front was outgoing and had a personality. The two guys behind the bar had no personality and no uniform to speak of- wouldn't have even known they worked there except they were pouring beers in between sitting down at the end of the counter and chatting.The biggest issue of all was the lady server with crazy long hair. She wore it down when she started her shift and within minutes she was playing with it and put only some of it back. After that show of hairstyling in a restaurants dining room she did not wash her hands but instead continued to scratch her head and touch her face and THEN... grab bar straws by the drinking end and placed them in another tables drinks.I was out the door within seconds.Oddly the gentleman at the door knew we didn't like it when we were leaving..... I hope this inspires them to make some changes and teach their employees about food safety.
1	They still play what they call music WAY TOO LOUD?  People in nearby establishments often complain to me about the volume.
3	Glad we tried this place on our vacation, quick and friendly service. Bartender was super nice. My group tried the quesadillas, fish and chips and the Philly cheese steak. All were very delicious! Just wish the atmosphere was a little better..
