4	Service was quick & professional. A full synthetic high mileage 5 qt LOF & tire rotation $75. Beats $100 @ Midas. Definitely recommend & will be going back.
3	Bathroom is gross! While I understand that the workers also use this bathroom and there's gonna be a dirty finger print on door, the toilet hadn't  been scrubbed in a long time sadly it matched the walls and sink. I closed the door and then turn around and opened it again, I'll wait till I get home!  Staff is always courteous, but always wonder why it seems to take so long when u hear them talking about how 'slow' business is.  Today came in with two screws in one tire, almost an hour later came in and told me removed one screw but otherwise car looked good, I quickly asked about the second screw and they guy doing the work said he had only been told one...and back out he headed to get that one too.  He quickly found and repaired that one and brought me the car all fixed and ready to go and appologized for the delay.
4	Started to walk-in, but was immediately greeted by John @ Big O in the parking lot. Wow impressive. Described to John the work I needed done and we agreed on an amount and they got to work fast on my truck. Highly recommend these guys. I will definitely be back, very friendly and thorough.
3	Very friendly and courteous staff.  Reasonable price.  I received an oil change that took about 40 minutes due to the filter was not in stock.  They did not reset the service alert.
1	Always used to get oil change untill i had them do my transmission fluid change.  They put my life in danger!  Had the transmission fluid changed and apparently they never took the old fluid out.  I found out on our way to Disneyland that the transmission fluid was leaking out.  Luckily i used yelp to find me a mechanic by my location.  It lead me to midas.  They pulled 6 quarts of extra fluid out.  What 6 quarts?? The owners manuel states it should be only 6 quarts.  Very displeased at big o tires for dropping the ball.  *update*I went back to the store and had them reimburse me for the midas bill and thier bill.  Ended up taking car to the dealer to have them change the fluid out
