5	Quick service.  Lucky for me, I just needed new rubber tips put on some heels and they could do it while I waited.   My neighborhood spot closed and another shoe repair would take 2-3 days!  Thanks for saving the heels!
5	This is the ONLY place I go for leather repairs...they're great.  They have repaired valuable handbags, stretched and repaired my shoes, fixed luggage and added belt holes.  It seems there's nothing they can't do...and often while you wait.  I highly recommend Tony's.
5	In less than 1 week (Friday and then Monday), 2 of my favorite pairs of shoes decided to break on me. Not 1, but 2!! And both while I was at work. After my favorite pair (NYC circa 2000) broke Monday, I was ready to throw both pair away. My love for shoes got the best of me and I started Yelping for shoe repair shops in the area. That's when I discovered Tony's (which happens to be 1 block from my work)! So, I drop off both pairs of shoes Monday after work. The gentleman says, "Does Wednesday work for you?" I'm thinking to myself...are you kidding?! Less than 2 days?! I said, "Wednesday is fantastic!" Now, I was a little worried that my NYC pair would not be able to be fixed, due to how it broke. But Wednesday, I head back and there are both pair's fixed!! The gentleman said that the shoe had to have a brace put in, but that its wearable now. Come to find out, they restructured both shoes so the other one wouldn't break on me down the road. 10 years, that's a lot of wear! Total cost - $38.00 :) Not too shabby! Thank you Tony's and here's to 10 more years of wearing my NYC pair!
5	Literally the best places for repairs! I've had a pair of shoes AND my favorite leather purse fixed there.  Good prices and quick service!
5	You know the story about the cobbler who created all those adorable shoes for the elves in the village? Ok, so maybe that story doesn't go exactly like that. Regardless, I found Old Town Scottsdale's version of the magical cobbler who can do wonders with shoes and I found it at Tony's Shoe Repair! Here, Tony keeps shoes in spic and span condition and if you bring them in looking anything but shiny and new, you can be sure they will be returned as good as new. Tony's Shoe Repair also handles purses and belts. They do everything for a shoe including simple repairs such as widening and adding those little tricky bottom parts of heels that never seem to last, to giving your worn our shoes an entire face lift. The prices here are reasonable and he does the work for you in a speedy time frame. I dropped off my sad looking boots off and he freshened them up and added new heel bottoms to them in a day's time. The fairytales can keep their magical cobblers, here in the real world we've got something even better -- Tony's Shoe Repair!
2	I took my boots to Tony's to replace the heel and was up-sold to condition my boots.  He made it sound like a good idea, but that tacked on an extra $20.  Tony was nice and I had high hopes that I had found my go-to shoe repair.  In the end, the turn around time was great but unfortunately the quality was not there.  The heels were sanded down, but on an angle, and then new heels were attached.  Due to the angle of the heels, I could not wear them because now they caused pain in the middle of my feet!  I was really upset because these were $380 boots.  These used to be my favorite boots, and now because I can't wear them, they are sitting in my closet.  Tony is nice but beware of up-selling and faulty workmanship.
5	Okay, so I'm always tempted to get my shoes shined in the airport mainly because it just looks upper class, but never do. I recently discovered Tony when searching for a good place in Old Town to take my only pair of brown shoes that were pretty scuffed up. I wanted my feet to look sharp for a wedding I was attending - give me a break. Anyway, I brought my shoes in on a Wednesday afternoon (they were ready Thursday) and paid $15 up front for the repair - I was honestly kind of hesitant to pay up front before seeing the final product but Tony convinced me that he was the best. Boy was he right!!! My shoes literally look brand new and I could not stop showing them off at the wedding...why does a pair of shined shoes get me so excited you ask? Because they look bomb.
5	I cannot say enough fantastic things about Tony's. He is THE BEST in Scottsdale/Phoenix, and you'd be foolish to take your leather anywhere else. The service is ALWAYS fast and his prices are beyond reasonable. This man can seriously fix anything and will sometimes do it within two minutes of you walking in. I have told countless friends/family members about his shop and insist they give him a go. His skill and customer service are outstanding, and I will forever be a repeat customer.
4	I've had a few shoes fixed here.  One had a peeled off sole that was glued back on.  The other two had to get new soles affixed.  Boris, the son is a really nice guy.  Fast turnover for repairs!!!  A little pricier than my spot back home but fair and they do good quality work!!!  Thanks yelpers for the recommendation! :)
5	I seriously LOVE this place! One of my favorite things about it is that it's called "Tony's Shoe Repair" and when you walk in, you get Tony! It's so rare these days and you can tell that he takes a lot of pride in his work and has been doing it for a long time. He's a master! When I moved back to AZ from Houston I was in dire need of a shoe repair place. Like every fashionista out there, I have a weakness for shoes. More specifically, super expensive designer heals (Dior, Louboutin, Burberry, Gucci, Jimmy Choo, Manolo...need I say more?). I got spoiled living in Houston because there was literally a shoe hospital (yes...a shoe hospital) every few blocks and I was able to get my shoes fixed up and looking like new without actually paying $500=$1000 for new pair...on a college student budget that's not really (ok, not AT ALL) plausible. When I moved back to AZ and the heal completely broke off my fave (7-year-old) nude Dior pumps I had one of those mini heart attacks like when you lose your iphone lol. So I started looking for shoe repair places and came across Tony's who had very high reviews. I also noticed that it was in Scottsdale so I figured he was used to dealing with high-end shoes. I decided that since I was going there anyway, I'd take a few other pairs that could use some sprucing up. When I got there I was greeted by Tony with his warm, cheerful smile and comforting disposition. He assured me that it would definitely take some work but within a few days he's have them all fixed up (did I mention that the "nude" pumps were so scuffed and dirty at this point that they looked nearly black around the toe and heal??). A few days later I returned to pick up my 4 pairs of shoes and I was amazed by the results. They literally looked like the day I'd bought them. He's even been nice enough to put a protector under the front of one of my shoes to prevent from further damage and make them last longer. I basically got 4 new shoes for less than a tenth of what it would have cost to actually buy a new pair of the same style. It's been over a year now and whenever my shoes need a bit of help (even if it's just a cleaning or conditioning) I always take them to Tony's and have always been completely satisfied and smiling when I leave. Tony is amazing at repairing shoes and he's truly one of the kindest people I know. Always smiling and willing to help you out however he can (he even stayed late for me one day when I was stuck in traffic and couldn't get there before closing time). I highly recommend this place!
5	Tony has been a Heel Saver!  Every single time I visit, he's always there giving me the best service, with a smile each time!  He even stayed a few minutes past closing one day as I was coming home from working downtown!  I SO appreciate his patience & craftsmanship!  Highly recommended!!
5	I had gone to a different cobbler near PV mall a few days ago to check out how much it would cost to repair a broken handle on a nice leather handbag and a missing piece of a buckle on a pair of shoes. The other place made me feel like they were doing me a favor by being there and quoted me prices that, while not outrageous, were definitely high and the work they said they'd need to do on them seemed way more intricate than it needed to be (they told me I had to special order some piece and that they'd have to replace BOTH buckles entirely even though only one small piece of one buckle was missing). They told me it would be about a week to have those both fixed. I had decided to give up on having either item fixed when I found Tony's.It was like a breath of fresh air (well, leathery air) walking into Tony's spacious shop. The seating area is open and big, and Tony is right there behind the counter. I showed him both items and he told me what he'd need to do to fix them. Both jobs seemed MUCH simpler than the first place had made them out to be, AND the prices at Tony's were less than half that of the other place. It was $22 total to fix the piece on my bag and replace the missing piece of the shoe buckle and they were ready not even 24 hours later! The only downside (if there is one) is that they close at 5:30pm, which makes it tough to get there after work. I will most definitely be bringing in any broken bags or shoes here in the future because it's cheap, fast, and friendly!P.S. It's ****CASH ONLY****.
5	This place is ALL about service!  First off, Tony himself is so friendly & really cares about the quality of his work.  It's refreshing to see a business and an owner really go out of their way to make their customers happy.  I took a pair of heels and a clutch in the other day that seemed to be falling apart and Tony fixed them in a day at a VERY reasonable price.  I recommend Tony's Shoe Repair to anyone that needs repair on shoes, handbags, belts etc!
5	Same-day service and a great job done by Tony!  Can't complain!  $10 to replace the bottom of the heels on a pair of heels and Tony worked his magic in less than 2 hours for me.  I will be returning!
5	Love my Cole Hans but over use had caused a significant hole in the sole. Found Tony's via Yelp & am glad I did. Very friendly and assured me that fixing them would be no problem. Picked them up the next day and my favorite pair is like new. Never had shoes repaired before, but for $45, Tony extended the life of my shoes and kept me from having to buy a new pair at $150. Highly recommended.
5	I brought my shoes with the sole falling off to him and thought I'd have to chuck them despite them being comfortable and the leather in decent shape. He fixed them for 35 bucks and added a rubber coat to protect the threads in the sole in the future. Shoes look good enough to last another year so I'm pretty happy to not have to drop a few hundred bucks on new ones.
5	Tony is the man.  He has a kind spirit and will meet you with what is affordable and quality work.  Also, he works quickly! Strongly recommend him.  You will leave his store with a smile on your face!
5	The best shoes repair shop I've ever had experience with. The owner, Tony, is extremely skilled in the art & science of shoe & handbag repair. He makes my shoes look gorgeous & all repairs are exceptionally & meticulously completed. Tony's prices are very reasonable. Tony makes suggestions & always makes my feet happy with my beautifully repaired shoes. In addition, Tony is extremely accommodating, totally engaged in the whole customer experience & one of the most honest & kind persons I've ever done business with. Five stars in every category.  Andrea Koukos Paul
5	Best in az...  Drove down from tucson and knocked out 5 pairs, some with major repairs by the next day and stayed open late because I was running behind.  Top shelf service and craftsmanship...
