5	The frozen yogurt here is light, a bit tart, and very refreshing. I had the original w/ raspberries & fruity pebbles...I also tried a blueberry/banana/cinnamon toast crunch which was tasty as well. They also serve yogurt smoothies in the original & green tea flavors. If they had mochi balls I would've given them 5 stars.10/10/07 update: they have mochi now! i'm craving for an original w/ watermelon, fruity pebbles, and mochi :)
4	Damn It I got beat! Arrrghh yea so this was the Original of the copied Pinkberry. When one of my employees told me about it next to Joe's Pizza....I freaked because now I don't have to go to LA for this fantastic Korean staple of yummy dessert goodness. She also said they were a little bourgeois(prounounced bouzje wa) OK so they boast that they use real Yogurt and Pinkberry uses powder. Hmmm....Whatever it's good. The decor is like stepping into gramma's house but it got hit by a ball Harajuku Girls. It's got the whole minimalist yet plastic furnature outside. Modern, chic, and some over the top. Employees were newbies. So don't expect too much right away. Two flavors...GREEN TEA, and Regular....not really vanilla because of the hint of tarts. You have crazy toppings like Captain Crunch, fruity pebbles, cocoa pebbles, granola, mango, blueberry, banana, strawberry, etc...I guess the owner or manager overheard me because I'm loud. But I was looking for mochi too. He said that they would be getting them made soon! I also found out they're open till 3am? or was it 4am? Whatever....it's open late. That means late night cravings...GONE! WOO HOO!
4	while it's 104 degrees outside, it is a comfortable 25 degrees in my mouth. *aaaaah*Red Mango did just the trick for the heat of a Las Vegas summer. a giddy girlfriend and i ran to the sleek store front as the rest of our group ducked into the neighboring CVS pharmacy. (where would YOU go for comfort huh?)the original yogurt itself is not too sweet and not too tart. in my opinion (and that of baby bear), it was *juuuuust riiiiight*! they offered the standard tastings of chocolate bars, fruit, and cereal (my personal pick - blueberry, pineapple, and fruity pebbles!!!), in the standard sizes, and served it up nice and cold. a hearty serving of gourmet snow in my mouth, zapped with some fruity vitamins, and crunchy cereal - made for a happy, heureuse di! :) (along with the rest of the gang as they intruded with their spoons!) be sure to stop by!
5	I'm from LA and have tried all the yogurt places - with one bite I can tell if it's too icy, too tart...and by far the best is Red Mango!  Not only are they the true original, but it's great that they opened one in Las Vegas.  Their plain is really  good, but the green tea is worth trying too.  No matter where you're staying in Vegas, it's worth a quick trip here!
4	After the Red Mango fiasco in LA  (they closed early on me, after I made the drive from Orange County).  I vowed not to go to the LA location.  So when I was in Vegas this past weekend, my buddy called me and told me that there was a Red Mango in Vegas.  We headed on over at 2am on a Thursday night (morning...really friday morning).  There was no one in line...and so I went up and ordered the regular flavor, after I gazed over the decor of the establishment.I sat down and tasted the yogurt.  Hmmm it wasn't icy (i like it icy), and it was very creamy.  One thing is for sure...it is way different then any of the other yogurt places.  (most of the wannabee froyo places all taste about the same).  But did I like it?  I don't think so.  It was a bit too creamy, not cold enough, and had a weird after taste for my liking.  When I'm in Vegas, I will probably try it again...or if they open another location in the OC/LA area.
4	Real Yogurt, pretty good.  Not as many toppings as some other places, but still isn't bad.  The fruit tasted really fresh here compared to Ce Fiore and Pinkberry.  A bit creamy, but I still like it.  I just like yogurt, but not too much of it since it'll get my belly even bigger.
5	Why oh why is this so far off the strip?  thankfully, a Pinkberry will be opening in Caesars soon, so I can frequent there when I am in vegas...How to describe this frozen yogurt heaven.  they have a plain flavor and a green tea flavor, both great but the plain is better.  There are fruits and other toppings you can put on it.  the yogurt is tart, with a hint of sweetness.  NOT like vanilla flavor at all!  I don't know how many of you like PLAIN flavored regular old yogurt (I know there are some Greeks and Bulgarian's out there!) but I love it.  This reminds me of a frozen slightly sweet version of that. I wish there were one of these fab yogurt shops here in Austin or Houston....
4	Although a bit pricey for frozen yogurt, this place is quite refreshing.  I also like the fact that they have a bunch of the cereals from my childhood I never bother buying from the supermarket.  Fruity pebbles is still my #1 fav cereal artificial flavors and loads of sugar and all.  The wife and I both felt the green tea yogurt was gross though so neither of us recommend it.  This place would even be good for breakfast.
5	Ever hear of the saying that if it's not broke don't fix it? Red Mango is simplicity at it's best. It's my summertime Starbucks. It's my new comfort food for Vegas. They have two flavors, regular and green tea. Unbelievable frozen yogurt. It's not the pure sugar and artificial flavoring that you are use to. This is REAL yogurt that happens to be frozen. Where they get their fruit from is beyond me. The most fresh fruit I have seen. I recommend the regular with blueberries.
5	Let me just say that I think I may be single-handedly responsible for this quarter's boost in profits. Red Mango is worth the bit of a drive from where ever you are to get to it. Now I know what all the fuss is about in LA over this style of Asian fro yo. I was a TCBY girl, until now. My first Red Mango (plain) was "different" but it quickly turned into addicting! And now I can't get enough. And it is fairly good for you (live cultures, nonfat, 19 carbs per half cup), to boot. I had it last night with boysenberries and white choc. chips - I need to limit my new habit to once-a-week now. The large is $5, toppings $1/ea. and up. It is a delight to finally have this option in Vegas. I did try an imitation version of Red Mango which opened up near Durango/Trop (closer to work), but it just wasn't anywhere near as good, and it was more $. They'll also pack it on ice for you to take it away to enjoy later.  Red Mango, please open a shop on the west side of town!
5	Why is it that whenever it is less than 60 degrees outside I must feel the need for some frozen yogurt.....crazy...I know! I finally decided to give this place a try after all the hype surrounding it and my huge jones for Pinkberry. I must admit...after one visit....I AM IN LOVE!! Red Mango is all I can ask for when I want a party in a styrofoam bowl. I decided to attempt to be "healthy" and have the Green Tea frozen yogurt. Now I just couldn't bare to have it naked, so I decided to dress it up with a handful of fresh strawberries and honeydew. Even though they may not be in season, the fruit was delectable, fresh and complimented the yogurt. Oh...but it doesn't stop there...because my sweet-tooth decided to be one loud-ass devil on my shoulder I had to add the Fruity Pebbles. Yep...I was back in Kindergarten again!! Red Mango is definitely worth the trip and a check mark in your guilty indulgence box for the day!!
4	SCORE! this place was conveniently across the street from the hard rock hotel (where we stayed). i was so excited to try this out finally since i'm on a quest for tangy frozen yogurt. i got the small plain with fruity pebbles, strawberries and blueberries. it was pretty yummy. not as creamy as a lot of people said and definitely not as tarty as pinkberry (or even Trendy Bean's yogurt in Santa Clara) but it was still pretty good.
3	Just like any Asian frozen yogurt place. Same basic flavors and toppings and retro furniture. A minus on the scorecard was that I expected two cute Asian girls to man the shop. But it was two skinny Asian boys. Its okay. They had mochi.
5	Today, I went to have frozen yogurt in 48 degree weather.  You must ask why?  Well, I found out yesterday that Vegas has a Red Mango.  After my long craving for Pinkberry (haven't been to LA in about a month now), I decided to check out Red Mango in Vegas, and take my boyfriend there since he's never had it.The inside of Red Mango is retro but simple.  It's also very very clean inside.  The workers weren't the most exciting, but I guess it sucks working at 10PM when the store was completely empty.  Oh well.So, the frozen yogurt here is pretty good.  The toppings selection is also pretty good, but less than Pinkberry.  Also, the fruit was nowhere near as fresh as the stuff I got when I was at Pinkberry. When we ordered our yogurt, we got jacked on the amount of fruit.  The guy filled up the cup with yogurt and barely gave us enough fruit.  We had to get more after finishing only half the cup of yogurt.  Oh well, this satisfied my craving, and now my boyfriend is in love with this stuff.. I think we plan to go back tomorrow.. hAHA.** UPDATE: after going back to this particular Red Mango location every time I go to Vegas ( about 5 times now), I declare Red Mango a winner and my favorite.  Best tart yogurt.
4	Very good but a bit expensive.  I got the green tea with blueberries and thought it was a nice treat but nothing that would cause a sensation.Unlike most people, I think it has a great location with Origin India next door.  If you want a nice cool desert after a spicy lunch or dinner, you couldn't ask for a better combination.Overall, pretty good but I still feel a little sticker shock because I sometimes buy my nephews treats from an ice cream truck where I also get something for less than this.
4	Last time I was in Vegas, I made it a point to try out Red Mango since I had heard so much about it. It's right across the street from the Hard Rock, which makes it pretty easy to find. Inside the decor is the same as every other trendy yogurt place. I took a recommendation from a fellow yelper and ordered a small plain with captain crunch. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by this seemingly odd combination. Otherwise, I thought the yogurt was very similar to pinkberry... this doesn't mean I would cross the street from to hard rock to come again! Overall good fro-yo!
4	had a small original flavored fro yo with golden grahams, choco chips, and mochi. -1 star b/c when i walked in, the placed smelled like bathroom. it was really unappitizing and gross but since this is the first (and maybe only) time i was at red mango, i was compelled to just get what i came for. decor: looked like your typical yogurt joint. standard toppings of fresh fruit, cereal, mochi and etc.two flavors: original, and green tea, green tea is $1  more.seems the same to me as pink berry, not many people there, location wise it kinda sucks, since its off the strip. i think the pink berry in ceasars will do way better. but i would go to red mango to beat the crowd on a uber hot day for my fro yo fix.
4	I love this place! I wish the pricing wasn't so ridiculous. The $1 for each topping and the $1 upgrade charge to green tea yogurt is nearly enough to turn me off.BUT...the green tea yogurt is tart, not gloopy and it tastes like yogurt instead of ice cream. And when I added pomegranate seeds to it, I really found my bliss.
3	came in while waiting for some friends who were shopping in undefeated which is in the same plaza, noticed they only had original and green tea which seemed interesting so I ordered green tea with fresh mango, the mango was good....the green tea....eh I think I would've been better off with original and captain crunch, kinda pricey too.**good location near restaurants, Undefeated, and Across from Hard Rock. Lots of parking but  while walking around the plaza I passed by a pile of fresh vomit....blech!
3	So yesterday I'm driving down the street when I see Red Mango on my right, and I think hey this place is supposed to be great according to Yelp (which hasn't been wrong yet). So I risk my life cutting through traffic and taxis to pull into the parking lot. As I'm walking to the door I hear this horrendous techno/electronic "music" invading my ear space. I crossed my fingers hoping it wasn't coming from where I was about to enter. It was!!So I walk up to the counter and ask the girl working if the plain just tastes like yogurt or has a hint of some flavor to it. In my defense Ce Fiore by my house has plain yogurt with a hint of lemon to it. She didn't seem to speak English and answered " yes it is plain and that is green tea." Pointing to the obvious signs that say Plain and Green Tea. OK. -1 star.I figured I would get a medium so I went with the green tea and blackberries. Wow this actually is very good. I give my card to the girl and she swipes it and says thank you and walks away. No receipt. OK. Well I'm at home today paying my bills when I realize that cost me almost $6.00. A $1.00 up charge for the only other flavor besides plain. BOO!!!!! -1 star.Well it was good, the blackberries were perfect with the nice creamy green tea yogurt, but I must say not worth $6.00. And risking my life cutting through traffic to get there. I'll stick to Golden Spoon.
4	hmmm another yogurt place. came here with the family on our trip to vegas this past weekend. i got original yogurt with kiwi and mango. the yogurt was good, i actually enjoyed it a lot. it was refreshing and had the right sweetness to it. the kiwi was fresh and good, but the mango was actually bland and seemed like it may have been old. the prices were decent, but a little on the more expensive side. green tea upgrade was $1 more. the service, a young girl, was nice and was pleasant to talk to even though the customers before me were pretty rude to her. i think it was charm actually haha. try it out, its decent, its really probably a 3.5 but the server and clean shop raised it up.
3	I'd give this place a 3.5. I got the original yogurt with fruity pebbles and strawberries if I remember correctly. The yogurt itselft tasted yummy and the toppings were definately fresh. It was quite dead when I went in and the server was patient as I decided on what I wanted. I agree with others that it's a bit pricey but I still just needed my fro-yo fixing. Inside is very clean and trendy looking. I just took my yogurt and walked on over to check out undefeated and stussy since they were nearby. Overall I'd go here again when I'm back in Vegas.
4	Dammit guys, why are you so FAR from the strip?!  Could you imagine if you were actually ON the strip?  You'd make a killing and a half... it'd be murder.  They'd literally have to haul you guys away for manslaughter as people would be crawling and stomping all over each other just to get at the yogurt goodness that is Red Mango.It's a good thing Chicago will be getting one soon.  I can't afford these long trips out to Vegas just for this.ps:  Original + Strawberries + Bananas = the combo worth killing for.
3	3.5 stars.Pretty good stuff!  This is the first time i tried red mango.  The yogurt is good, a little bit sweeter than the norm, but I still liked it.  I prefer it more tarty, but it wasn't bad.My only complaint is that it's expensive.  Now, comparing it to Yogurtland where they weigh it 30 cents an ounce, this yogurt is to me, considered expensive!!  It cost me $4 bucks for a small 4 oz. yogurt with 3 toppings... I could have gotten that at Yogurtland for probably a little over $2 bucks...
3	Even in Vegas, the fro-yo abounds!Located conveniently right across the street from our hotel, we HAD to hit up this place to try the chain that supposedly started it all!Firstly, they were out of mango ... which made me sad. Red Mango out of mangoes? But luckily they had kiwi, watermelon, and strawberries and mochi which I prefer. There are also an assortment of other dry toppings - i.e. the cereal, choco chips, etc.One big drawback: the prices are pretty high, and the $1 for one topping is such an obvious marketing ploy that it's ridiculous!$1 for one topping$1.25 for two toppings$1.50 for three toppingsHummm, which one of those would I pick???But of course my yogurt-loving self paid up just to taste it ... and here's my two cents.The yogurt was more sweet than tart, and the mochi weren't the right chewy consistency that I like. The fruit was fresh, and the strawberries were especially sweet. The outdoor seating was a bit dirty, it didn't look like they wiped it down very often. But we were happy and this place definitely fills a frozen yogurt hole in the Las Vegas area.Here's to Fro-Yo Fiends Nationwide, baby!
5	This place is awesome, the real-deal. The yogurt is REAL yogurt, complete with healthy probiotics, etc. It comes in two flavors, original and green tea. You can add fresh fruit, cereal, and sometimes things like chocolate. It's super healthy as an alternative to baskin robbins or somewhere. I got the original with coconut which was perfect and crunchy the first time we went...very satisfying and delicious and healthy!
5	So I'm driving around Vegas at around 10:30 P.M. on a Monday night.  It's a scorcher evening.  It must have felt like it was at least 100 degrees.  My partner in crime and I are looking for a Starbuck's so I can get me an Iced Tea...and low and behold, I see a Red Mango in the same mini mall.  But of course it was closed.Mental note- I gotta come back to this place.Two days later, the day is so damn hot that I'm gonna melt.  And it occurs to me...I have to go to Red Mango still!  So of course, I went with 3 guests in tow.  We all had original flavor with 3 different fruit options.  It was super yummy...and a fabulous idea if I do say so myself!  I'm so hooked...
4	yum yum yummmmy!It was news to me when i found out that red mango started before pinkberry. i actually think it's the coolest thing ever that they started technically started this frozen yogurt phenomenon in '03 i believe. i kinda compared red mango to pinkberry since i've been to pinkberry before red mango. here are the pros:1. they actually fill the whole bowl without leaving a hole in the middle of the swirls which means you're getting your money's worth. 2. green tea was so good. 3. they have a location in vegas and it's easy to access without having to hassle with parking problems.  here are the cons:1. it lacked the "oomph" taste-wise for their original. 2. kinda pricey but still delicious.
5	mochi (yay!)magnostrawberrykiwicoconutcinnamon toast crunchfruity pebblescap'n crunchdark chocolateThe list of toppings at Red Mango is extensive!  Unfortunately, when my sis and I went here, they were out of green tea yogurt, but that's ok - the plain yogurt was SO GOOD.  Not too sweet, not to sour-y (like Chicago's Starfruit).  It was the perfect balance.  AND, they don't thrust a huge serving at you, either.  It's just enough for portion control.  Ha.  I chose the mango and cinnamon toast crunch combo.  I was seriously in heaven.  Mmmmm.  I wish there was a Red Mango in Chicago (not just in one of the burbs).
4	It's a bit ironic that there are like a million Red Mango's in LA... yet the first one I tried was in Vegas! I was expecting this place to be just like Pinkberry, boy was I surprised! This is WAY better than Pinkberry! Their choice of yogurt (yes, this is actually legally called yogurt, unlike Pinkberry) is the same, either regular flavor or green tea. Also similar, are the toppings, various fruit, mochi, etc. The main difference (to me at least) is the flavor of the yogurt. While Pinkberry actually tastes like yogurt, this doesn't. This ALMOST tastes like ice cream. Its a bit sweeter and much creamier than Pinkberry. Move over Pinkberry, I'm officially switched over to Red Mango now!
2	CLEAN UP ON AISLE 12WTF is up with this location?  It was 100 degrees outside, but the place was a ghost town.  And I think I know why....the place is D I R T Y!The floor was sticky, littered with smashed fruit, and the tables were similarly filthy.  To top it off, the froyo wasn't as good as the LA  or NYC locations.  It was colder, harder, and icier than normal...perhaps due to the lack of customers.Pass on this location.
2	Was the spot before I discovered Yogel's, Uswirl, and Yogurtland opened up. The chubby asian dude who works there is an ass. The women workers are friendly. Prices are high, i'm never going to a NON-selfserve place again cause they always skimp you on the quantity of yogurt. Fruits are fresh though. Go there if you MUST. But Yogurtland is only 10 mins away.
