4	The guys here do a good job cutting your hair, as long as you tell them exactly what you want, in as much detail as possible. I usually tell them how short I want my hair in front, on top, and at the sides, and I've had the best results when I specify the clipper length (number) for shorter cuts. Do NOT make the mistake of pointing to the picture chart of hairstyles on the wall and telling them which one you want. I did that once when I wanted a shorter hairstyle; I pointed to a picture on the chart that I thought represented a reasonably short trim, and within seconds a clipper quickly cropped a  pathway through the middle top of my head. My barber responded to my gasp of distress with a look  that silently told me, "If you don't like it, it's too late." So I let him finish the job and ended up with an extremely short style that "far exceeds military standard," in the words of an army friend who saw it afterward. So be very specific, and you'll get a good haircut at a good price. Be general or choose a style from the haircut picture chart, and live with the consequences for the next few weeks (almost two months for me, before my hair grew back to a length I like). The barber shop itself is small but clean, very brightly lit, and you get entertained by a Russian soap opera on TV while getting your haircut.
5	This is my barber shop of choice.  Haircuts are $12 for all ages. No discounts unless you are a senior citizen and I believe that is on Wednesday's.They are open Mon-Saturday 8-5 and they tend to be the busiest earliest in the morning and late afternoon.  If you go between I'd say 10AM to 2PM you should have no wait when both barbers are there.  There is only two.The only thing that sucks is that they are closed on Sundays and from time to time one of the barbers will be gone for a week or two at a time for vacation.  This is when the wait times can become unbearable but again stick to the above time and you should be fine.There can be a language barrier but once you become a regular that will change.  They do a very detailed job and take their time.  There can be people waiting but it doesn't matter.  You're in the chair !They also do awesome hot towel shaves for only $12 and again its very detailed and they take their time.Look, there are cheaper places to get an haircut but Boris Barber Shop is as good as it gets !
5	Great professional haircut I love it. great barbers pretty awesome barbershop you get a neck shave with hot lather and a hot towel on top of that with a massage for only just 12 bucks awesome. I highly recommend this place to anybody worth a try!!!
