3	As far as airport bars go, this is fine.Fairly generous portions on the beers, though the draft selection is minimal. Instead of trying to create their own food, which would likely be a disaster like most airport restaurants, they have decided to offer food prepared by Nathan's and Jersey Mike's...probably a good idea.I had a cheeseburger and fries. Nice and greasy as you might expect. Better than the other fast food options at Maccarran though.
3	The bar is small, but it wasn't very crowded so I stopped in for a pre-flight adult beverage. There are only about 4 or 5 beers on tap, and a wine list with about 8 different choices. The Sauvignon Blanc is decent, and for $9 this they pour a VERY generous portion. Huge wine glass, filled at least half way, which I don't find typical of airport bars. The service was fine, nothing to write home about, and they have a decent TV with, you guessed it, sports on. There aren't many options in this terminal, and this one is pretty good.
1	The food and service was horrible!  I waited over 30 minutes for hot wings and they were cold by the time I got them.  The waitress did not even apologize for the mess up. The beers are pricey.  It code $9 for a beer on tap.
1	Had the breakfast platter. Food was edible but I can't say it was good. I just covered it all in ketchup cause I was hungry. For 2 people to have breakfast platter, 1 coffee, & 1 juice, total was $29.Took 20 minutes to get check after we'd finished eating.Took another 30 minutes to get someone to charge the card so we could leave!Don't stop here if you're in ANY type of hurry!
4	Very nice staff at this airport bar.  They pla y rock in' Friday night music and the bar is festive.  The lighted bar is interesting.  I like the arrangement of the space.  Good times, good beer, airport prices.
5	Very friendly little joint playing rock and roll and serving beer in the middle of Concourse C. The beers are big, the shots are well-portioned, and the food is provided by Nathan's Hot Dogs and Jersey Mike's Subs next door.Their draft selection is limited, yet varied; they had a local brew during my visit, the Joseph James Rye or something along those lines, plus Stella, Blue Moon and Bud. They have a healthy selection of liquor and a goodly amount of bottles tucked away, though.The staff is quick, polite and proficient. The prices are maybe a bit higher than your average airport bar, but the service and the larger beverage sizes are a good trade-off, so I shall return.
3	Who wants to hear annoying dance music on Thanksgiving Eve?   I put on head phones to block it out.  If you sit against the back wall there are super bright spot lights shining in your eyes.  Wish they pointed at the wall instead.  $21 for two drinks, but I expected that.   There are a few plugs which was handy.
