4	I've been here a number of times for mani/pedis and eyebrow waxing.The ladies that work here are sweet as can be, very talkative and personable.  They treated me like a regular the very first time I went and have remembered my face everytime since. They do the best eyebrow waxing I've ever had done and for 10 bucks (plus tip)!!  I love Dilworth Nail Salon and would reccomend it to anyone.I used to get pink and whites done here, they did an excellent job.  I quit doing that due to time and expense that it takes.  But...they were always very well done.Prices can't be beat, they are about the same as every Nail Salon, but definitely worth more.
5	I am quite picky about who does my nails and eyebrows. The people at Dilworth Nails are GREAT. The massage chairs actually worked (I've encountered many that don't) and the massage didn't make me cringe. They had a wide range of colors to choose from, which I like because sometimes I'm in the mood for a bright flashy color and other times I want a darker more subdued polish. The pedicure I got there was the best I've ever had and left my feet feeling fantastic for days after. When I got my eyebrows done, they were efficient, careful, and made my eyebrows look great. I'm going back this weekend to get a mani-pedi with my best friend, and I'm so excited! I would recommend this salon to anyone. It's my new regular nail place. :)
4	Went here for the first time today to get a gel manicure. Great service. Salon had no smell whatsoever. Very friendly staff.  High quality manicure. Large selection of OPI nail colors and Axxium gel colorsGot there 20 minutes after they opened and nearly every seat was filled with customers. Minus 1 star because they only had UV dryers and no LED dryer.
4	Very happy with the pedicure I received a few weeks ago and will definitely go back!  I've been to many nail places in the Dilworth area and this one might be my favorite.  Good service, friendly, clean.  Keep up the good work Dilworth Nails!
4	I came in for an underarm wax because I was going on vacation and didn't want to be bothered with shaving.  I must say I was very nervous and a little hesitant because no one I knew had ever had this done before (and I asked EVERYONE).  I called ahead to make sure they offered the service and the man told me they closed at 7 but I could come anyway (it was 6:45).  When I got there I waited about 10 minutes as everyone was still working on someone else.  The waxing is done in a separate room and is kept clean.  The actual waxing for each arm was done about 5 or so times to make sure all of the hair was gone.  It was actually pretty painless- it hurt less than my eyebrows which I have done regularly.  The after effects weren't too bad and I felt back to normal within a day or two.  I remained hair free for about 5 days but after that I did need to do some touch up shaving, which I blame on myself because I only let my hair grow for about 4 days before getting waxed.  Ideally, I should have waited about a week.The outside is a little run-down but the inside is very serene and peaceful, which is something I want during my mani-pedi time. Staff was very friendly and happy to oblige.  Wait time didn't seem too bad but they definitely seem to be busy after 5 and on the weekends.  I only gave 4 stars because I haven't had their primary services- nails- but because of my great experience with waxing, I will definitely be back to try out their feet and hand services. :)
5	I keep forgetting how great this place is.  I tend to go other places for a trendier atmosphere, but when those places were closed, I came back to Dilworth Nail - they have much better hours, clean facilities, incredibly sweet staff, and they do excellent work.  I got a standard French manicure (standard, meaning not gel) over a week ago and it has yet to chip even once - in the past I'd have been touching up chips after just a couple days and taking the polish off after a week.  I'm sure they use the same polish as other salons but for some reason their manis just do a better job of holding up.  The other thing that stands out to me is how attentive the staff is, and that they talk to the customers more than each other.  This may be my new regular spot.
5	I think I have found my new favorite nail salon.  10 times better than any of the Polished salons ( you are paying for atmosphere and nothing else) and you are still offered wine at this salon. I only wish they offered threading as well (Greek Girl problems)The chairs are comfortable and they do a really thorough job cleaning up your cuticles, rough heels etc. Very important as I have a lot of calluses. TMI I know but I can't be the only one... Also, $12 for a full manicure is a really great price.The trick I have discovered is to pick an OPI polish (they last much longer than Essie) and I noticed they use Seche Vite top coat which is my Holy Grail of topcoats. They do a tremendous job and obviously know what they are doing. The technicians are all sweet and funny too!Keep up the great work!
5	This is my favorite nail salon! The lady's here are professional and very friendly!!! Very fast and super nice!
5	Great salon that is reasonably priced. You almost never have to wait. The salon has a clean atmosphere. The girls are very friendly. Lastly, the manicures and pedicures are thorough and very relaxing! Will continue to visit this salon!
4	Im a fan! One of the best places in Charlotte to get your nails done. My Shellac manicure was flawless and lasted over 2 weeks!
5	Great find!  This location is very close to my work, so I figured - why not?  Went in during a busy lunch hour and still got out in an hour.  I had the gel manicure done (French), and it was fantastic!  Haylie was my manicurist.  She has incredible attention to detail, made sure I was happy with all aspects, and can carry on some funny conversation.  And they use OPI GEL products!  Hard to find!Overall, a French gel manicure cost me $30.  It always costs me at least $15 more everywhere else.  Not many frills on the outside, but equipment is all brand new and they use top of the line products.  Definitely going back.
5	Love this nail salon! I never plan far enough in advance to make appointments so I love a place I can walk in and not wait forever. The salon is always full but never packed.They offer you a drink as soon as you sit down. Even wine! The staff is friendly, professional, and easy to understand! My only complaint is they close at 7.
5	Great pedicure. One of the most comfortable massage pedicure chairs. I will be changing salons for my manicures and pedicures. Great value and open on Sundays huge plus.
5	Amazing! I decided to try Dilworth Nail Salon after reading some reviews here on Yelp. I am new to Charlotte and have been trying to find my new "go-to" nail salon. I got a mani/pedi and it was only $36!! The pedicure was awesome. Everyone was so nice and they had complimentary drinks (water, soda, wine).
5	Great place! They do an absolutely amazing job and they offer wine to relax while you get your mani or pedi! I always go to either Haley or Liz and they are both absolutely fantastic! I am a hairstylist myself so I appreciate a nice professional yet fun salon environment. They have a great selection of colors for regular polish as well as gel.
5	Great salon! It was very busy when I walked in, but they sat me in a chair immediately, and worked quickly to make sure they got to all of their customers in a timely manner. They did a wonderful job on both my mani and pedi! And their prices are amazing!!
5	I was nearby in the area and called ahead to see if they could fit me in after reading about them online. I was in a pedicure within 5 minutes of arrival. The facility is very clean and relaxing. They offer you a drink as soon as you walk in. The prices are reasonable, especially  for the quality. The pedicure was very relaxing. My pedicurist was kind but wasn't overly talky and allowed me to relax, read, and enjoy. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area and I will be returning soon!
5	Best gel manicure I have ever had! It lasted almost three weeks! The girls here do a really great job on the gel manicure and the pedicure and they are always friendly. The place fills up fast so I suggest calling ahead for an appointment.
5	I love this place!  I'm so sad I'm no longer working on that side of town because it was perfect to go to location wise and they were fairly quick at their services for my lunch hour. I rarely ever had chips in my gel manis and there were times my gel polish would last 3-4 weeks. They do a superb job and each of their nail techs are friendly. I would highly recommend them!
4	Best nail salon I've been to in Charlotte. Not busy, my nails turned out shiny and just as I wanted - short and rounded. I will be coming back from now on! No more searching.
