5	Very nice course with great amenities at a reasonable price.  I got on as the guest of a member for $89 on a Thursday.The course itself is not easy at a 134 from the tips.  However, the difficulty can be kept to a minimum as long as you stay in the fairway.  My advice: sacrifice a little distance and stay in the short stuff.  Think about moving up one tee box if necessary.  Better to occasionally miss the Green in Regulation to avoid hacking around in the impossible tall grass which instantly adds two strokes.The course is in flawless condition.  The greens are a little strange in that none of them seem to have as much break as it appears.  If i had one critique, it would be the insane amount of construction going on around the course.  However, whenever you are not next to some guy with a power drill, it is almost eerily quiet.  I was beginning to wonder if anyone actually lived in any of the houses surrounding the course.Service was flawless.  All the way from the cart attendants, pro shop staff, beverage girls, waitresses and bartenders.  This place has very much a country club feel, even though the course is open to the public.  The club pro even helped me find a wayward drive on one hole.I can't recommend this place enough.  A truly great day of golf at a wonderful facility.  5 stars.
4	i agree with the other review (Robert) on pretty much all accounts.  there are courses that have a bit more drama - Troon North, Boulders, etc - but for the price you absolutely can't beat Trilogy at Vistancia.  We went out in the summer so the conditions weren't perfect, but the greens were good and they serve $1 beers and bottled water on the beverage cart.  if you're concerned about your golf ROI, this is your venue.
1	My friend and I booked a tee time over the phone about 3-4 days ago, but once we got to the golf course and presented our coupons (Arizona Pass Book) We were told that they would not honor them because we didn't book the tee time the day prior (yesterday)The course was extremely slow (tee time was 12:07) and they told us we would have to pay $60 each. We decided to make a phone call to a neighboring course and they said we could tee of 45 minutes later for $35.This is not the first time that my playing partner and I have been treated poorly at this course. It is a shame that they turn away good business, especially because my playing partner has lived at Vistancia for more than 6 years. He vows to never play there again, and I agree. Trilogy is a nice course, although there are far superior courses on that side of town (Copper Canyon, Granite Falls)Trilogy at Vistancia has absolutely terrible customer service, do not play at this course!
4	Good tough course! Extremely sprawled out and not possible to walk. The overall care of the course is not the best and the 17th hole being covered in duck shit is the grossest hole I have I ever been on playing hole. Other than that though the course is good and plays for a better golfer (not for a beginner!)
4	Great service on a course! Beautiful course! I played terrible but enjoyed my time there! Would recommend it highly :)
4	I have played the course several times. It is a good drive to get there but the course is normally not packed. If you stray from the fairway it can be punishing. .there are a few holes with blind spots  so a gps would be helpful. The course is interesting and is not for beginners. If you have a bad slice prepare to retee. The  price is normally fair . Their food is very good , large portions and reasonably priced. I would definitely return
