5	I'm really glad that I went here to print my wedding invitation cards! :D Jesse was very helpful and they're really efficient! I wasn't living in the Arizona area so this is the first time I try print service in AZ and was indeed quite worried, especially when: 1. the cards are for my own wedding 2. I need the cards quick3. I only need to print 40 cardstocks and I'm not sure if print house would accept my order this small4. I want to print on my own textured paper but print service I found on the net only provide a very limited choice of paper5. I'm a designer myself6. I'm a perfectionist!!!!!My fiance suggested me to go to Kinkos but I tried them in the past in Canada and wasn't quite satisfied with the color came out (smudgy with wrong color), plus the computers they had in store for self-service were not functioning well. I don't know if they got better now or the ones in Canada was crappier but I'm still skeptical, so I decided to search for a professional printing house to print my stuff.I searched far and wide and found the reviews of Printing Specialist from Insider Pages really nice, and from their website it says they're an authorized print service provider of Adobe, so I figured that I would give it a try and ask for information by email first. It doesn't hurt anyway to just ask over the Internet :p Jesse replied my email very quickly with an estimation of different options and costs even I didn't ask him in the first place. I think that was really nice and professional since I could get a better picture of the job. Then I gave him the paper and my file yesterday and the cards were ready to pick up this afternoon!!!! The cards were packed nicely and the quality is very good. The price is very reasonable too (even cheaper than Kinkos)!! Thank God I found a decent print house and I think I won't go anywhere else to print my designs and illustrations from now on!!
5	The theatre company I work with needed to find a new place, as none of us lived near Chandler....I spoke with Christine who gave me a great quote and was exceedingly friendly.We started using them for our season and have been happy from the get go.  Our banners look awesome, the programs are spot on, and when we had a problem, (our mistake, not theirs) they worked with us to fix it.  (Coming in on a Saturday to finish our job?  Thank you Charles!!  Staying late on Friday to get us through the show?  Colleen, you rock!)  So really, great prices, quality product AND amazing customer service?  This is what a business is meant to be.
5	Printing Specialists always exceeds our expectations. We are a small non-profit, but they never fail to treat us like we are their biggest customer. Oh, and they do great work, on time, communicate, at a competitive price and perfectly printed. Why go anywhere else?
5	We had a last minute printing need for a large conference for specialized signage.  Charles was able to advise the different options they would be able to provide and also sent a quote quickly.  Charles was extremely professional and so were Courtney and the other staff who answered the phone.  Our project was delivered on time and excellent quality. I will use them again in the future. :)
5	I have been using Printing Specialists for years. Great quality, Great service and great prices. Always satisfied.
5	I always get great service when I call or stop by.  The products and designs they do for us look professional.  The staff is always friendly and polite.
5	I was referred to Printing Specialists by my friends at Lyon's Roofing and my experience was SPECTACULAR!  I worked with Sharon and he was professional, knowledgeable and produced 15 flawless training manuals for my company.Amazing experience!
5	Our business has been using Printing Specialists for over a year now, and our marketing material is clean, attractive, and relatively inexpensive.  The response times are great on quick orders and I highly recommend Printing Specialists.  MetroPointe ApartmentsTempe, AZ
5	I have seen nothing but excellence from this print shop.  I have now done five or six sets of 500ct. business cards for employees at my company.  The print quality is perfect - and I think last time they even threw in a nicer quality paper at no additional charge.  It looked GREAT.  They just finished doing some patch-work on a trade show display that I needed to make a few updates to (changed a logo and  added a new featured item).  I originally thought we would have to velcro the patches and it might look very obvious.  But no - they figured out a way to use adhesive and actually integrate the patches onto the existing panels.  I was super impressed with the end-product.The prices are also very competitive, esp. when you factor in their experience and customer service.   FIVE STARS!
5	Well - three years into our relationship and I am still thrilled with the skill and service.I have since had more challenging items needed (please take a low-pixeled image, clean it up, enhance the color and add writing - and give me back something that is far better than I could ever imagine?  Check.  Help me fabricate old album covers? Check.)  And they keep coming through, over and over again.Their equipment upgrades are making them easier and easier to ask for items just beyond printing programs (embroidery, printing on foam board, etc.)They are amazingly priced AND their customer service never waivers.  I can't recommend them enough.
5	Printing Specialists is a fantastic business! Amazing customer service and high quality products. They have so many unique items that set them apart from their competitors. They can even print directly onto doors. I was so amazed at all the different options they offer. I was very impressed with the postcards they made for my business.
