5	Walking back from a running event in Holyrood Park, I stumbled upon this great new location for Oink. It just opened today and isn't just a popup for the festival -- it's here to stay to bring a delicious quick lunch alternative to Holyrood!Although the location is small, it has slightly more seating than the original location on Victoria Street. It has the hog roast in one window and a great big table by the other window, and fresh new decor. My oink sandwich with crackling, sage and onion stuffing and apple chutney was delicious as always. The staff are super friendly and welcoming, too. As always with Oink, when the hog roast is gone it's gone for the day! I'm thrilled to see they have this new convenient location and the same great food.
4	I live at Willowbrae and I have found myself craving for an Oink all week so when I discovered that they opened a new one just near the parliament I was excited! I don't mind walking through Holy Rood park just to get myself an Oink with haggis and apple sauce! Worth the walk!http://smgdesigns.co.uk
4	This satellite Oink has about a thousand times more space than the original, and while it doesn't quite enchant as much, it's still one hell of a place. It doesn't get any better than an Oink on brown bread with stuffing and BBQ sauce.
5	Good news everyone!!! There are now 2 Oinks!! That's right, every day 2 whole pigs are being sacrificed in the name of pulled pork rolls! I'm sure we can all agree its a noble cause well worth it.Give me pork, stuffing, crackling and apple sauce on a roll and well you have the perfect lunch!! Now with this second shop with seating near my office I am well catered for at lunchtime!!!Hmmmm Pork Rolls come highly JD Recommended!
4	Every time I walked past an Oink store in Edinburgh, there were always a few people waiting. I knew it must be good, and it was. The menu is simple, but it is done well. I had brown bread, with stuffing and BBQ sauce. Delicious! The sandwich is good value, and was very homely especially when the weather is ... well Scottish!
4	When ever you have the urge to messily stuff meat into your face - go here.Yes. I know it sounds bad. Just get past it folks, there's insight to be gleamed from this awkward observation.Day seven of my Yelp Only first month in ol' Edina and I foolishly left the house without breakfast. After about three hours on the home hunt, I was exhausted, cranky and yet again, walking up a hill in high heels. Enter Oink. This place has been on my radar since day one. Being a "sandwich for all occasions" kind of gal, i'm attempting to find the best of the best and Oink seems to frequently top that list.I lucked out with no line up and my whole sandwich ordering, paying and guiltly sneaking my EPICALLY large sandwich out of the place, away from judging eyes took all of 7 minutes. Give or take.I had the The Grunter. How you're expected to order THAT with a straight face, i'll never know, but damn... it's a big sandwich. I put my first Oinker together with white bread, sage & onion and classic BBQ.First and foremost: ask for extra sauce. Yes, it will make an already messy meal moreso, but I think it'd be worth it.I trotted up the street and in my ladylike little sundress, plunked down on a bench and devoured the entire thing without stopping to take a breath. It's how this Canadian do.The verdict? Yeah. I'm down. The pulled pork is the right combination of moist, without being goopy and when the sauce soaks into it all, it's pretty darn fantastic. I did think there was a little too much pork to the add ons, I didn't even taste the sage & onion to tell you the truth but I daresay that is not such a problem with the smaller buns.What it is, is ridiculously big food for the money. A sandwich that kept me full until dinner and an iced tea ran me a measly $6. Shazam. A bit heavy to be a regular haunt, but definitely a good stop over when the wallet is slim but the appetite isn't.Pro-tip: Stock up on napkins! You'll need double of what you think you need.
