4	Upscale Syrian.  Meticulously presented.  The selection of mezzes were just bursting with flavour.  Never had tongue so tender.  Veal tongue that is.  My main course, a lamb shank braised in okra was tasty enough, but not as spectacular as the Fattat Mozat (lamb layered with yoghurt, pita, nuts and other wonders) devoured by the diner on my left, nor the heaping large grill platter for two shared by the two diners on my right.  Happily they were all friends who didn't mind offering up morsels to me.The chocolate & sour cherry cake was wholly satisfying - not too sweet, not too sour.It felt like the staff was still trying to grease their service wheels (we went just 1 1/2 weeks after it opened), and last that I heard they still don't have their liquor license, which is really unfortunate.But their facebook page just announced the addition of Syrian Poutine to their menu so I'll have to be back soon, even if there's no beer to wash it down.
5	Just went back for our second visit this evening. If you go, you absolutely MUST get the Fattat Mozat -- it is one of the best dishes I have ever had. So much delicious flavour in one plate, it is amazing!
1	the food was ok, nothing special... the service is not so good, forget to bring a cup of hot water we asked for and didn't say sorry when we mentioned it... tipped 10% and he yelled at us...
1	My girlfriend was enjoying her tea after our meal. She's about halfway done when lo and behold, she sees a little 8-legged critter, lifeless at the bottom of her cup. Yes, there was a dead spider at the bottom of her cup. Needless to say that it totally ruined the meal.I flagged the nearest waiter who barely acknowledged the fact and took the cup away while shrugging his shoulders. No apologies. Nothing. The waiter talked to our waiter and they both proceeded to avoid us for the next 15 minutes. Don't we all agree that, while these things do happen, anyone should expect an apologies from someone?! Exasperated, we talked to the manager who apologized for the total lack of professionalism from his staff. Now that I think about it, the service was lacking throughout the evening. I will look elsewhere if I were you, should you have a craving for Syrian food. And beside, there are tons of other good restaurants in the area.
4	Upscale Syrian food, well done in a cozy atmosphere. I've been twice now, and I loved the fattoush salad so much the first time that I had to get it again. I also enjoyed the pomegranate octopus, and we tried some great lamb dishes. A few interesting wines available by the glass, and more by the bottle. I find the prices a bit high for what it is (I thought they might have gone up since my first visit), but other than that it's worth it. A nice change from the French-influenced cuisine you see more often in Montreal restaurants of this price range.
4	All-in-all, we enjoyed the food at Damas tonight, and it brings us pride as Syrians after seeing the rave reviews it got in the media and on blogs.  Hopefully Montrealers will now know how Syrian cuisine really differs from its more common Lebanese counterpart.  The restaurant still needs to work a bit on its service, but we will definitely be back.
4	Upscale Syrian food. Traditional decor with lanterns, cushions. Food is excellent- wonderful flavors. Don't get too full on the mezze- the main meal portions are quite large and filling! Lamb dishes are the highlight. Lovely traditional Syrian tea with cardamom and honeyed sweets to finish off the night. Friendly and efficient service. A bit pricey though. Overall a great night!
5	Excellent cuisine and great overall experience both eating there and taking out for an exquisite home treat.
5	Went to Damas for valentines day with my boyfriend - it was absolutely amazing. Food : the food was outstanding. Probably one of the best Arabic inspired meals I've ever had in this city. We took the tasting menu. The baba ganoush was not made with the typical ingredients but was BY FAR the best I've ever had. The jumbo shrimp was cooked to perfection. But the absolute best was the lamb. I have nothing bad to say about the food and you can taste the quality of the ingredients.Wine : they have a decent wine list. What I liked the most is that they follow the restaurants theme and have a lot of quality wines from the Middle East.Service : the service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and the manager did walk around to make sure everyone was doing okay. Decor:  simple but delivers and follows the theme.I suggest you make reservations and ask for a table that isn't 1/2 booth. I was happy that we had our table with 2 chairs. Im giving this restaurant 4.5 stars only because the tables are very close together and it's a little bit tight. But this is typical for restaurants in that area.I would definitely take friends there.
5	Now I'm a stickler for food and great service. Visiting Montreal for the jazz fest and met up with several friends for dinner here. One of the friends who has been here many times suggested this place.Absolutely stunning food and impeccable service. We were 9 of us including 2 vegetarians. We all shared the food and I have to say, everything was fresh and full of flavor. So many dishes that I can't describe.Service too was very slick. Our glasses of water were never empty in spite of the restaurant being full. When appetizer plates were taken away, so were the used silverware. A friend and I never used our knife. Only our fork and spoon. Those were taken. When fresh plates were brought, the server brought a fresh fork and spoon for me and the other friend. Attention to detail.Definitely going to be a place to visit each time I come to Montreal.
5	The food is amazing, Tastes verrryyy goood, service is good too, bit expensive but its worth it.The restaurant is cozy and have excellent arabic music "Um kulthoum/sabah fakhri" The best middle eastern food u can have in Montreal
5	Fantastic food from starters (hummus, olives) through mains (shish taouk). Great service and atmosphere. We will look forward to returning soon and often.
5	My favorite place to eat in Montreal. Been here 3 times and tried many different things on the menu and loved them all.The humus lahme, coriander french fries, fattouch, and fattet mozat (my all-time favourite) are all out of this world.Everyone I introduce to this place loves it.
5	Two days after our Thanksgiving dinner at Damas I'm still thinking about the sour cherry lamb kabab, unique dish with extraordinary blend of flavours. Damas restaurant brought back some culinary memories from Middle East I have long forgotten. Besides the kabab we had the humus for an appetizer, which was so creamy and delicious that we carefully cleaned up the plate with the pita bread. My only minor disappointment, the sour cherry kabab is announced as a main dish in their on line menu and listed as an appetizer in the actual menu in the resto. I really would have had a bigger portion of it. As a result we shared two main courses. The traditional Syrian dish Maqluba satisfied well my craving for saffron rice, they didn't have the goose option, but the lamb was a good substitute. My friend ordered the chicken shish taouk, everything in that plate was perfectly grilled and so fresh. Damas chefs obviously choose well their ingredients, freshness seems to be a norm. This applies to their mojito, the mint was like just picked from the garden and the pomegranate made it even tastier, only complaint, I didn't feel enough rum in it, but I like my drinks strong. The liquor selection of the restaurant is extensive and includes nice choices of arak. We finished the dinner with the halawet aljebn dessert, not too sweet, must try cheesy pastry and some saffron black tea. The restaurant is good for both romantic dinner or bigger parties. I'll be back sooner or later for more of the sour cherry lamb kabab and hopefully will be with more people so I can taste more of the dishes. ... But I'm not sharing my sour cherry kabab, sorry, it is too delicious!!!
4	This is one of my favorites in Montreal. The cuisine is delicious. They have middle eastern food but with a twist of their own. Lots of pomegranates. Flavors are exotic and the spicing and sauces are delicious. The atmosphere is intimate and inviting. I've been there a few times.I knock off a star for what is consistently sub-standard service. Twice I have been promised a certain table, only to arrive with my guests and be downgraded to a table in the back. Their attitude is "the girl who answered the phone didn't know what she was doing". Get real! And after the disappointment, you think there'd be a drink on the house or something to sweeten the disappointment. No, just business as usual. So don't expect the staff to be particularly warm.
4	I came here with my family it was real authentic meddle eastern food great food and great service i will highly recommend its little bit pricey but worth it
5	Oh my god, a mouthgasm waiting to happen. Order the lamb confit. Do it. Ignore the kebabs, you can find a decent one everywhere. Don't get me wrong, the shish touk was fantastic, but the lamb is where it's at. I have not seen anything like it on any other menu and I doubt I'll find or taste anything like that anytime soon. You don't see many middle eastern fine dining establishments overall so you might be asking why you'd pay 2-3x the price for middle eastern food but the lamb will make it worth it. Your mouth will thank you. You will drool every time you browse past the Instagram photo of your spectacular lamb shank. I wish we skipped the shish touk and went for another lamb dish or that amazing looking pomegranate salad they have going on. These entrees are enormous by the way, meant for sharing. You'd enjoy yourself much better if you were in a group. The apricot cocktail was out of this world (who knew pistachios would work in a cocktail?)Now to gripe- service is spotty. The servers are courteous, seat you promptly, and get your food out on time but we were essentially abandoned to almost the end of service. Usually I don't care about that but my SO didn't get a fork in his place setting. When we tried to wave the server over he gave the "one minute" gesture and took about 10-15 minutes closing other tabs and getting orders in that by the time he came by our table to hear our inquiry, we were almost done eating using one fork passed back and forth (totally not classy but the food was getting cold and I was not able to spoil this amazing dish with this mishap!)
5	I would give this place 6 stars if I could. The food is truly exceptional. Prices ain't cheap but it's absolutely worth the splurge.We had:- Fattouch salad was superb. Everyone was ready to lick the plate clean- Kibbe Nayye was delicious and totally fresh. A perfect place to try this classic dish- Hummus lahme was the best hummus dish I've ever had. It will ruin you for all other hummus- Grilled sea bass was fantastic and a good balance to all the red meat we were eating- Fattet makdous was probably the standout among a litany of extraordinary dishesThe only dish that didn't totally wow us was the Fattet Mozat. It was good, but just not as excellent as everything else.
