5	I love this dry cleaners. They are always EXTREMELY friendly. Remember my name and even help me to my car when I have lots of stuff. On top of that, they do an EXCELLENT job with my clothes. I have not only had stuff dry cleaned but a zipper repaired (maybe $6 bucks??) and a hem altered. All of it is great work. It is family owned and that makes me happy to give them my business. As long as I live in Gilbert this is where im taking my dry cleaning.
1	Took a few garments into this cleaners, specified dry clean only on my denim about 3 times to make sure they knew how important it was. Upon pick up jeans had shrunk and discolored, owner and manager refused to do anything about it, I'm not one to complain and I support local and small business which is why I decided to try this place out, but their lack of customer service was just sad. They didn't offer to replace my jeans, credit me and didn't even give me an apology for their making a mistake.
1	Ok, so I haven't ever been IN the store, but I called them to ask a question and it was the most frustrating phone call. I called to find out how much it would cost to have a diaper bag cleaned. The lady who answered the phone kept YELLING into the phone "HELLO! HELLO! What? I don't know what that is? What so you want?" I finally had to explain what a diaper bag is. Instead of giving me a price, she asked me what kind of diaper bag it was and how much I paid for the bag. I understand the kind of bag may have some bearing on it, but she doesn't need to know how much I purchased the bag for. She then said she didn't know if they clean bags, asked how much I paid for the bag again and them stayed talking in Korean and then yelling hello into the phone again. I hung up.1) please don't yell into the phone.2) the amount I purchased my item for shouldn't affect the price off the cleaning3) please don't talk to me in a language I don't understand and then start yelling into the phone again. ALL of that means you will not be getting me asva customer.
