5	this is where the PrincessPrincess goes when she doesn't feel good!i found this place by sheer open-the-phone-book-and-point luck, and have been going ever since. the docs are honest and helpful, and definitely care about their patients (and their patient's parents).i particularly was happy with their customer service when i explained over the phone that my dog does not get along with other animals. they have a side door, so when i call, they usher all office pets and other patients out of the hall and lead her in to a room.recently i called because my dog was around some pet chickens and   i was worried she had gotten fleas or mites or even could have gotten something from their... uh, feces... someone called me back in about an hour to let me know that i had nothing to worry about.i've always been impressed by their staff and docs.
3	i've been going here for several years now, and i as long as i see dr. finch, i'm pretty happy. he's done one surgery on dozer (a minor laser procedure to remove a growth from her eyelid but did require anesthesia) and was very reassuring, informational and has a good dogside manner. just found out he'll probably be doing another surgery on her (much more major acl repair) and i'm totally comfortable having him do it.i only update and drop a couple stars bc 1. i was prob a little too gracious on my first review (i was a new yelper with out a system yet) and 2. other friends talk about how much they LOVE their vets, but i don't have that kind of passion for this place. i keep trying to shop around, but put it off until all of the sudden, dozer needs help NOW, so i want to go somewhere she's got some history on their files.
2	i have to drop another star on this update and here's why. the major surgery i mentioned in my last update (ACL repair) turned out to be a tad on the extreme end of the treatment scale. the way the diagnosis and treatment was presented to me was: surgery and rehabilitation (by a paid therapist, not on your own) -- end of story. and if you don't do the surgery, she will eventually blow out her other knee(s) because she not putting weight on the injured one. i was pressured to schedule tests to prep her for said surgery and the idea of surgery at all was just so nonchalant. in fact the dr said he's done this surgery on both of his own dogs and does these types of surgeries on dogs all the time and this injury is quite common. it was somehow alarmist and blase at the same time.I dont' doubt that that is all true (including the possibility of injury to other knees), but a bit misleading in the way that this is a major, major surgery with major, major recovery time. Also, after doing my own research and finding out that this was 1. going to be anywhere from a $3k-$5k surgery, and 2. it's not at all as "absolutely necessary as i was led to believe, I felt this was not at all a good choice for such an aged dog.so after researching it a bit on my own i felt a little upset about not being informed about the other ways you can treat this (your own rehab efforts, meds like phycox and hylox). only when i called to cancel dozer's follow up appt for tests to prep her for this surgery did Finch call back to recommend the "DIY" rehab tips. (And he does personally call back to check in on your pet after appts, new meds have been started, etc., which i think is great.)In fact, I have always liked Dr. Finch, and i don't know that he's deserving of the other reviewer's remarks (come on: smelling of alcohol on the job? please. and his demeanor hardly seems capable of rude or rough) - he's not unprofessional or uncaring, and his manner is rather soothing, but i just feel that trust has been majorly broken. not to mention at a previous appt before this whole ACL business he spent five minutes going on and on about this revolutionary new dog food that's great for joints (dozer also has bad hips) even though i kept interrupting him to say we weren't interested in it, all while staring at a huge poster ad for the food behind his head on the cabinet.after these last two incidences, which have made me think back on still other minor ones, i feel that their priorities are a little out of order, and am now in the market for a new vet.
5	I have been to multiple vet offices in the past with my "kids", but have never loved any of them as much as I do Baseline Animal Clinic.  I found Baseline Animal Clinic after my cat had a broken tooth and was looking for a vet office with reasonable pricing.  This place may have had the cheaper price, but I never expected them to be so valuable to me.  Dr. Fitch, as well as the other doctors and staff, have been so sympathetic, caring, and helpful every time I'm there.  Recently, my cat has been having some problems that resulted in a very serious infection.  All of the staff have shown sincere concern for me and my cat.  Dr. Finch has been very great about helping us get the treatments needed without draining our bank account.  He does very good at explaining the situation and all of our options, and explains why he recommends one option over the other.  Most recently, he was debating getting some lab work to determine the type of infection, but Dr. Finch decided that it would not provide clear results, due to the extent of bacteria and infection, and it just wasn't worth the cost in this case, when he could just as easily (and much more cheaply) use his experience and knowledge to choose the best treatment... any other vet I've ever met would have made us spend the money for lab work, even if they thought the chances were very small of getting some helpful result.  After going to Baseline Animal Clinic, I won't trust my "kids" lives to anybody else.  I would highly recommend Baseline Animal Clinic to anybody that is looking for a wonderful vet office that will take the best care of your pets, make you feel comfortable, and not rob you blind.
5	I was a little apprehensive about taking my dog here because no one else had reviewed and they were considerably cheaper than other hospitals for the surgery my dog required - while good for my wallet I was afraid that they would skip crucial steps. I was VERY pleasantly surprised by my experience!! My 5 month American bulldog had been in the emergency hospital all night because of a foreign body in his stomach and I was told he absolutely needed surgery. The animal hospital quoted me $2700, a price that I could not even begin to afford. I called around the next day, and when I called the Baseline animal clinic, I accidentally called the veterinarians cellphone! Instead of being angry, he let me explain the situation and informed me that while it was Friday and he was extremely busy, this was something that had to be taken care of and "if he didn't get a lunch that day, he didn't get a lunch." Immediately I felt like this was someone who cared! Then he told me that he wasn't even there yet and would call ahead and tell them I was coming in! When I brought Rommel in, he remembered talking to me from earlier and already knew the problem. He decided to xray before operating and wait it out. I had to leave and he kept Rommel x-raying him every 1/2 hour for 3 hours! They ended up not operating, and when I got my bill, he had only charged me $250 for something that should have been well over $700. Not only did he save my dog from being cut open, but he saved me thousands! I will never send anybody to anybody else! Dr. Finch and his staff gave me by far the best veterinary service that I or my puppy have ever had!
5	This clinic is what you want in a veterinary practice.  The staff is friendly and given enough time will really get to know you and your pets.  The docs are competent and caring, and not at all pushy so you do feel like you know all your treatment options without a high pressure up-sell.  Prices are reasonable, so your furry babies can get the care they need and not break the bank.  A real breath of fresh air compared to some other practices in the area!
5	I had the unfortunate task of taking in my friend's kitty who passed away while she is on vacation.  Even though I tried to steel myself in the car to not become a blubbering mess once I walked in, it happened anyway.  The girls at the front desk were so nice and caring.  They treated the kitty with a lot of dignity and I appreciate that.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the care my cat received when we went in for an exam this mroning due to what appeared to be an infected eye.  I called the office last night because my cat's eye looked terrible.  It was wet and pussy, swollen shut and she was miserable - not eating and not drinking.  The receptionist was so pleasant and encouraging, told me that we could come in first appointment of the morning - on a Saturday!  We arrived and immediately were brought back to an exam room.  The tech came in, asked a lot of questions, was very thorough with the health history, answered some questions.  Dr. Dobbertien came in shortly after to examine our cat.  He spent nearly 30 minutes with us!  I have never had a vet be so willing to spend time with us and be so willing to answer questions and talk about treatment and future issues our cat may encounter.  I wish my own doctor was so approachable!  Seriously can't say enough about how much I appreciated this!  When we left I told my husband that I usually feel as though I'm inconvienencing a dr with questions, like they are tired of me, wanting to go on to the next patient.  Not so with Dr. Dobbertien.  He anwered all of our questions, and offered loads of info.  I would recommend this office to all of my friends and family.  They charged $45 for the office visit - very affordable in my book!  The only thing that I can see some people complaining about is that the office is a bit older than some.  It isn't as modern and doesn't look to have all of the bells and whistles of other offices....doesn't bother me one bit and I'm sure my cat didn't notice.  :)  Perhaps this is one reason their prices appear to be lower than some clinics.  BTW, did you know that you can use Walmarts $4 prescriptions for your animals?  I brought the list of $4 medications to the office with me.  Dr. Dobbertien chose an antibiotic off the list which he said would do the trick to clear up my cat's eye infection.
1	so I took my dog here 2 or 3 times for lumps that showed up on her because it was close to me and and they got good reviews however they were horrible they talked surgery to remove and even did a syringe to drain one and said that it wasn't infected with puss or anything just clear liquid and blood put her on a antibiotic and said well her white blood cell count is elevated but probably do to this lump then went back again for more lumps and they talked about surgery and removing them without doing any blood work oh and giving me shit about not fixing her long story short took her to s different vet and was diagnosed with valley fever now why would a vet not test for this right away since were in az and i even thought valley fever i had a friend that got nochels from it so if i had not taken her here i could have started treatment a lot sooner i would go somewhere else doctor ford at arizona animal wellness is great
5	We've taken our dog here for years and they've been great. They are all really friendly and the vets are knowledgable and patient. They get you in really quickly and don't overcharge or charge for unnecessary things. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a vet!
5	First, let me start off by saying that I am one of those people who is mildly obsessed with their animals...ok, completely obsessed. They are my kids and I take their health and well being very seriously. With that being said, I wouldn't trust them with any other vet.I have taken multiple dogs (in fact I'm on my 5th boxer) to Dr. Finch and he has been such a blessing. He is always very compassionate and loving with them and he's extremely knowledgeable. Most importantly, he's very honest which was evident when I lost my female boxer a year ago. She was dying of cancer and even though I would have spent all my money and time getting her better, Dr. Finch explained that it would be very difficult for her (and I) to go through and would not be beneficial to her at this stage. This allowed her and I to have the best quality of life and enjoy our last moments together in peace. The staff is also extremely sweet and always very loving with our animals, not to mention that they themselves are all very knowledgeable. They have never pressured me and always give me plenty of options and suggestions on how to deal with any of the issues that arise.  We recently moved to north Phoenix and even though the drive is over 30 minutes each way for us, I don't care. I wont go anywhere else!
5	Today was my first visit with our dog, Calli. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful and so were the technicians. The appointment to get her rabies shot was quick, easy and reasonably priced. I'll definitely return for future shots and check ups. There was also a really cute kitty sitting on the counter when we arrived!!!! :)
3	I have a five month pup. I first took her In because it was the nearest vet available and my baby needed her shots. As far as I see it. Each time you bring your dog it's an automatic check up. Which is a payment of $45 I'm not too sure how dog check ups go. But all the did was way her, check her ears and then put took her temperature from her bum. Which I could've done myself and reported it to them. Then on top of that her Doc keeps on trying to persuade me to get her spayed like it's something that's mandatory and feels like it's being thrown upon me. I recommended this place to my friend and I came with her. She needed her pup to get a check up and his nails cut. And they cut his nails where they bled... Not too badly though.
5	i was referred to dr finch by a friend. what a blessing that was.i found a weimaraner wandering the north phx desert and fostered him while i searched for his owners. after numerous attempts and avenues to locate his owners to no avail, i decided to keep him. about a month into this, he had decreasing energy, and it got to the point that he would not get out of bed.not even to play ball(his favorite).i  took him in and dr finch examined him , and felt that it was valley fever. after a expensive test confirmed that it was , meds were administered and the journey began. 1 year later , we were able to stop the meds because his titer was good. 3 weeks after stopping meds, his energy decreased,  he stopped eating, and then  stopped drinking. dr finch ordered some more bloodwork( im thinking the valley fever came raging back). the results should that it was NOT the valley fever. after studying the bloodwork , he determined  that it was addisons disease. the test is very expensive and dr finch was conifident that it was addisons.so i agreed to do the test. the test results showed , without a doubt, that it was addisons disease. pete was administered a steroid , and he perked up a little bit,and started eating and drinking again on his own. dr finch administered the meds for addisons, and he really perked up. then a week later, for an unknown reason, pete slipped into addisonian crisis. dr finch was available for me after hours to help coach me thru it, and get pete stabilized with meds. i cant say enough about how kind, smart, and caring dr finch and his staff is. petes life has been saved 3 times, and 2 of those times were because of dr finch and his staff.........
4	I have been coming to this vet since I moved to Arizona from Kentucky.  They have always been so friendly and welcoming.  Let's just be serious, when it has to do with anything about your furry family (especially health) we are very cautious. It's convenient and has plenty of parking out in Tempe.  I moved to Scottsdale and still drive a few minutes out to make sure I still come here.  The doctors and tech's are always really friendly and sweet with the animals, as to be expected. :)  Overall, this place is very clean and well kept - I love it here and so do my pets! :)
5	Dr. Finch is the best! I have 7 pets and I bring them to Baseline Animal Clinic because they care and it shows, reasonable prices, never have to wait (no overbooking), and can actually talk to the doc when have a question. My dog Katja has a hematoma (blood blister) on the tip of her ear. Dr. Finch took the time to explain everything to me so my anxiety was calmed and I knew my dog would be okay. Allergies are bad this season and dogs are feeling them too hence higher incidences of hematomas. Dr. Finch doesn't rush you in and out, spends time with you and you can see how much he genuinely cares about animals and us, the pet parents. I recommend him and his team -- you won't be sorry.
5	I've been taking my animals here for about 10 years. I won't go anywhere else. They are great and when I had a dog with hip issues, they tried everything to avoid having to have him put down. They also didn't drain my bank account doing it. When Bob did have to be put down, some of the staff seemed as heartbroken as we were. They are great people
