4	Had a craving for MEAT!!!!  AARRRGGGHHH...Nice place, attentive service and good food....one of our steaks was sent back because it was cold....but other than that we had a good meal here BEEF! It's what's for dinner
4	I have eaten here with my boyfriend twice now (gift card from mom...what!) and both times have been superb.  What really impressed me was the great service and attention to detail.  Now, this is not a swanky hip place to take your girlfriends but it is a solid choice when you are looking for a delicious steak or wonderful chops.  Intimate tables and dim (maybe a little too dim) lighting make for a nice evening.   But with all the choices on 83rd, I can see how Carvers can easily be overlooked by the younger crowd.  In both instances, we were by far the youngest diners in the place...
5	Ok, going to make this short and sweet....Awesome food and service.  The bar area even turned on the Red Wings game for my cousin so he could see the score.  Not quite Flemings (where I really wanted to go to) but still, for a chain restaurant, this place serves up some yummy steak. (and crab, and calamari, and salad, and shrimps, and asparagus)  Our server rocked and I am sure I will be back again.
1	Yes, I am not kidding you, this place dropped all the way to last place.I heard that they are getting new management after the first of the year...lets hope that is true.  Because the HORRIBLE food that we received, I have no idea how this place will stay in business.  (Though, it looked like the place was crawling with Sun City folk- no disrespect of course, since I was there will my grandparents and their friends.)Their vodka selection was slim.  My French Onion soup was disgusting.  My filet Oscar was DRENCHED in Bearnaise sauce...so much so I couldn't even eat it.  And because I was with my grandfather, he wouldn't let me take it back.  (Must be an old school thing.)  Nothing was cooked right (my grandmother and her friend disliked their salmon....though later on my grandmother said the food was so good there she can't wait for New Years...long story)I mentioned that we should have went to Flemings...but nobody listened.
4	When the occasion calls for an extra special dinner, such as Mother's or Father's Day, or even a birthday, I would suggest Glendale Carvers Steak & Chops, 8172 W. Bell Road, (in front of Best Buy) Glendale, 623-412-0787. Prime rib is the house specialty but they have an extensive and impressive menu. Prices range from $20-$30.The ambiance is relaxed upscale with plenty of private rooms for those special intimate parties. To start we nibbled on the Calamari Fritti, lightly fried with sweet red peppers and onion drizzled with ancho chili mayonnaise $9.95. Yummy. Just the right taste to set the appetite on fire.  A companion had the French Onion Soup au Gratin $5.00 which I sampled and enjoyed the deep rich flavor without being salty as many onion soups can be.  I especially enjoyed the Filet Mignon Carver's Cut $26, their most tender cut, with Sherried Mushrooms $5.00. The Filet is served with salad and potato. From the wide range of choices I selected the spinach salad with honey mustard dressing that was to die for delicious.  You have your choice of garlic, au gratin, baked or French fries for the potato. I took the baked loaded and it was perfection. They also offer rice pilaf or vegetables. My friend had the Prime Rib Carver's Cut $29. They say it is award winning finest Midwestern beef with a herb crusted slow roasted overnight to ensure the most tender prime rib available. It is wonderful, tender and juicy as it should be. Another friend felt her whiskey peppercorn steak  was smothered with too greasy a sauce. And it was tough.  I have never personally had a bad cut at Carver's. I told her to send it back, but she wouldn't and was happy with her potato and salad. Dessert was the Chocolate Oblivion $6.00 which I hope left me oblivious to the calories. It was enough to share with my dining partner leaving us both satisfied. Coffee to keep me awake after this delicious meal. I should mention we finished off three bottles of wine between the five of us. A nice list to choose from and our waiter was very good at making recommendations. Their list allows by the glass or bottle and plenty of general wine information. You can view the list online prior to your visit to expedite selections. They also offer chicken and seafood which I may try on another visit... haw.. the steaks are too good!  I would highly recommend Carver's in Glendale to anyone looking for a fine dining experience. The service was exceptional and the food perfection.
3	Unlike most places in Phoenix, prime rib is a safe bet at Carvers. The salads and sides are delicious. The steaks are flavorful as well. A little pricey for what you get, considering the quality of the meat is on par with a lot of chain restaurants. But, to be honest, sometimes you just don't want to deal with bright neon Texas signs or the adjective "Bloomin" attached to menu items.
1	My mother, father, wife, and I went to Carver's on Christmas Eve, 2009. It was a horrid experience in every respect. We had 7 PM reservations and arrived to a lobby with 30 to40 people waiting for a table. All of us had resrervations and the entire Carver's experience could not have been worse. There was no place to sit and when the hostess was asked by 2 elderly women, when they would be seated; the hostess raised her voice and told them to go away. Shortly after  that, the manager was asked what was going on and he shouted, "we have seated one thousand people in the last 3 hours;" as this if this was a good reason for their overbooking!After a half hour of waiting for a table, I decided to go the bar (which was full) and get my wife and I a drink. The bartender ignored me and I moved to where she was preparing drinks for the restaurant.; a waiter entered the area and asked how I was doing and I mentioned the bartendor was ignoring me. After the bartendor finished her order, she looked at me, to my surprise, she asked what I wanted. I told her and she managed to get one of the two drinks right. When I pointed out her mistake, she was less than pleasant but to her credit, she got it right on her second try.When we were finally seated, we were pushed though with lightening speed, with no consideration for our dining experience.To be fair, Carver's is not the worst place, I have dined in. My high school cafeteria was sometimes worse than Carvers but not always. On thursday's we had great hotdogs and tater tots.
2	Disappointing to be sure.  I should have checked the most recent reviews here before stopping in with my grandma.  We had french onion soup and it was so salty, BOTH orders went back.  It was one of three times I've ever seen my grandma send anything back.  I was really in the mood to enjoy some top-shelf vodka that day, but I wasn't going to be doing it here.  For a place in this price range not to have anything even remotely close to top-shelf is offensive.  Save your time people who are going to email me about how wonderful Grey Goose is.  Instead of sending me an email I'm not going to read, do some research on vodka and educate yourself.  Then and only then will you know what I'm talking about.Back to Carvers.  I would look elsewhere for an "special occasion" place.  Food is overpriced for what it is, service is slow at best, and alcohol selection is on par with Red Robin.
3	Been closed for at this location forever ...contacted by management and they have a new place  83rd ave and Thunderbird.
5	My wife and I came here a week ago for my mom's birthday.  My wife and I are foodies but my mother and grandparents are not so avoiding a chain is difficult.We were extremely fortunate to find Lintchfields!  We didn't know ahead of time but Monday is "new york stripe steak" night which was an amazing deal.  For under $20 it included a steak, salad side and a glass of wine.  The steak tasted like it was worth $20+ alone.  Tender, flavorful and perfectly cooked.My mom and grandmother get filets well done (I know, the agony!) but they will grill the steak and then cook it through in a high heat oven there so they don't have to butterfly it. Nice touch.Our server was friendly, the wines we tried were great and the price was right.  No, this is not Ruth's Cris or Mortons so don't expect that, but you'll be able to dine here 3x for the price of one trip to Ruths.
1	Looks like they went out of business. :(
