1	Portuguese.... no frigging way!!!   What a shame and what a sham. The family and I found ourselves in Centropolis on a wonderful night to have dinner outdoors, unfortunately Mozza was going to be 35 to 40 minutes to get a table inside, over an hour outside, so we decided to go elsewhere.   Across we discovered Pollo and said why not, nothing like a nicely seasoned chicken done over charcoal with a spicy zesty sauce to accompany it.. right? When we heard it was owned by Mozza as well, I figured; how could we go wrong.  What I need to know is how did Mozza go so wrong with this one.Seriously, where did they find the chef for this place, what a faker!  All I can say is everything was bland and if they tell you something is spicy, don't believe it.  Chicken is completely flavourless and is under cooked so you are fighting to get if off the bones.  The sauce it came with lacked any flavour and had the texture of heavy cream in you mouth.  Asked if she had something spicy and she told me the sauce was spicy. WTF... asked her to bring me something that had kick and luckily they did bring to my table a small bottle of Tabasco sauce, I had to put that shit on everything!!!  The only thing that was really good here was the interior decor, but save your stash. If it's good Portuguese chicken you want, there is way better out there, starting with Romados, Jano and Braseiro just to name a few.  Take your pick cause there is nothing worse then being taken by fancy decor and good marketing.
5	Everything=awesome!  Food was great as was the service and the ambiance! Strongly recommended if you like chicken especially.
4	My coworkers and I stopped in here this past Friday night for dinner.  We didn't know what to expect as we drove to Centropolis and essentially picked the first restaurant we saw that we hadn't been to yet.  I showed up a little late and the rest of my party had already been served their drinks but the waitress was very prompt with getting me caught up.I ordered the filet mignon burger which was very tasty but a little bit dry.  Most of the rest of my party ordered the chicken, which is the restaurant's specialty, and I wish I had done the same.  They all said it was excellent.The atmosphere was comfortable and pleasant, and the service was quick and friendly throughout.  I would gladly return here for a beer and to give the chicken a try the next time.
4	Definitely would go back, only loses a star because some items on the menu are painfully overpriced - like PAIN..and not the good kind. But overall, the food is absolute delicious - and if you're not a pretentious portuguese little twat like some people who have written terrible reviews of this restaurant for no reason, you'll enjoy yourself. Get the beer on tap and anything with the "home made piri piri sauce" - both are insanely delicious.Ordered the lobster rolls and the crispy calamari to start - both delicious, both moderately priced. The calamari had an interesting batter to it, not one you would usually expect but we enjoyed it much more because of that!. There were 3 lobster rolls! which is a good portion for 14$ that's a pretty sweet deal.... ok, the lobster wasn't the freshest but it was really good anyways..suggestion! should any of the owners bother to read this review: can you indicate, for the love of piri piri, the AMOUNT you are getting for every menu item please. i though it was 1 lobster roll and my boyfriend had to ask the waiter about the rib and chicken plate for servings, also we made a mistake and over-ordered on desert - annoying -Mains: chicken club with fries and salad and the bf took the chicken and ribs combo. Ribs were melt-in-yo-mouth but the sauce wasn't great. The chicken was delicious all-around. He had 2 drumsticks and the chicken in my club was a breast - all delicious and cooked to perfect tenderness. The piri piri sauce though - WOW. Good job on that, whoever makes it, I wanted to take some home, it was SO good.As for the desert, we got Natas. My only problem was with the waiter: we made a mistake and ordered two orders of natas, we asked him to take one order out literally 30 seconds later and he said he couldnt do it because he already punched it in. The heat from his fingertips touching the touch screen cash hadn't even worn off when he told us this. desert cost us 16$ and we couldn't finish because it was too much food. This made me particularly mad because I've worked both in restaurants and retail and I know my way around a cash..you can delete an item soooo easily a caveman can do it and as for the chefs in the back...we literally asked as soon as he finished punching it in so really, there shouldn't have been a problem. If he was looking to add an extra menu item - he succeeded, if he was looking for tip - fat chance - that was a complete dick move but then again, I don,t expect much from Laval service staff - tips and ass on a stick for the waitresses and meat-for-brains waiters.Other than that, great time and great food!
2	Almost uneatable chicken, sent it back only to discover that's what it's supposed to taste like. The first round tasted of gas, meaning the grill wasn't preheated properly before cooking. This place is so bad I'm literally writing this waiting for the check.The "gas" Taste I'm referring to must of been charcoal not fully prepared for cooking. Charcoal starts off black and as it heats, it turns grey and that's when cooking should begin.
