4	This is a fairly new Jason's location, behind Chandler Mall.  Jason's features a huge menu, huge portions of quality meats, breads, cheeses, etc.  Great soups & salad bar too.  Free soft-serve ice cream (yogurt?) for dessert too.  The standard accessory with sandwiches is a handful of potato chips.. well worthwhile to upgrade to fresh fruit (and they always have VERY good fruit), or potato salad (also very good).  Food delivery can be a bit on the slow side, mysteriously even at off-hours.  But other than that, it's all good.. a solid 4+ stars on the Brak-o-meter.
4	I have not been to a Jason's Deli in a long time.  The Chandler location is the first time I have been there...   Still love it!  So many things to pick from.  We went there, because my sister wanted soup.  And plus we had the 4 and 2 year old...  They can not sit still in a sit down restaurant.  I got the daily special soup:  Chicken Pot Pie.  It was so good.  The mini puff pastry was a nice touch.  Loved it!  Then I got the New York Yankee sandwich.  The sandwich was HUGE.  And it was GOOD!  It was good food and good company from my sisters and the kids.
3	Very good turkey reuben and smoked turkey panini.  I tried both, preferred the reuben.  They have good quality ingredients, and they give you free ice cream.  Also, we had great service.
4	Jason's Delis is a good lunch option. It has something for everyone. Salads, Sandwiches, Wraps, Soups, Pastas... Things I really like here are: Soups (French Onion & Chili are my favs), Sandwiches (NY Yankee, Amy O Turkey, Sgt Pepper), Salad Bar (lots of choices), and different flavored iced teas (unsweetened, sweetened, or fruity). I also like the different side options you can sub instead of chips. I usually get fresh fruit because I love their sweet yogurt dip that comes with it. Personally I really like this place for the manager special - Half a sandwich and a cup of soup for about $7. I like that you can choose any sandwich you want (the options are endless or you can even make your own) and that they have about 7 different soups to choose from daily.
4	Well, I can see why some others complained- both my cousin and I got our orders screwed up- however, the food was really yummy.  I had gotten a turkey wrap and cheddar broccoli soup and she got the Reuben The Great and a side of steamed veggies. I even snuck off to the salad bar and stole some pepperoncinis for my sandwich and nobody said anything.  The atmosphere was really open and airy and clean.  Even though they forgot her pickle spear (and she was reallllllly looking forward to it) and gave me chips instead of veggies, the food in and of itself was delicious and apparently they include "free" soft serve ice cream that we totally forgot existed unfortunately. I'll totally be back!
4	Huge menu!  I had the Mediterranean wrap it was Delicious and they have the calories posted so I knew that I wouldn't have to feel guilty for what I ate later.  Can't wait to try something else off their menu.
2	We decided on this place a couple of days ago for dinner. Its nice they stay open til 10pm. Most sandwich places have long closed by then. We have eaten here once before this and it was about the same experience. It was just ok. My husband ordered the vegetarian wrapini without the cheese. He is a big eater and this was pretty small. I ended up sharing some of my sandwich with him. I ordered a half vegetarian muffaletta without the cheese. I watched while they "made" this. They took a pre-made sandwich out of the fridge, unwrapped the plastic, then removed the cheese, put it on a conveyer belt to warm the bread, and stuck it in a to go container. I was slightly bothered by this. The place wasn't busy, so why couldn't they make my sandwich fresh? I don't know how many other of the sandwiches on the menu are pre-made like this. i am guessing a large number of them. The sandwiches tasted ok. The veggies were pretty fresh so as far as I could tell they were probably made that morning. Every sandwich comes with chips and a pickle, which is nice. You don't have to pay extra for them like most places. Granted, you don't get a choice of chips.  All in all our total for two sandwiches with chips and pickles and two drinks was under $20. Its a good deal if you don't have any other options available to you.
4	I tried Jason's Deli a few weeks ago on the recommendation of a friend.  The first time I went, the line was super long.   The line told me it was probably a good place to eat.  Since I hate lines, I skipped it and told myself to go back earlier the next day. When I went back, I ordered a basic turkey sandwich.  One gripe was the amount of time it took to make the sandwich for how basic it was.  It was worth the wait, though, because when they brought it to me it was thick with turkey.  Bonus!  And I felt good knowing it was a healthy lunch.
1	I love love love Jason's Deli and when they opened this location I was thrilled.  But, unfortunately this location is really sub-par.  They didn't give us what we ordered and then acted as though we didn't know what we ordered.  It was really unpleasant.  Jason's Deli is great just don't go to the Chandler Fashion Square location, bleh!
3	The food is tasty, but if I call one more time and the person that answer messes up my order I may snap.
3	overall a pretty good restaurant. they don't have any specials for lunch which is kind of a bummer. I recommend getting the ranchero wrap or the plain jane potato.
3	Jason's Deli ranks as a solid 3 stars in my book.  This is based on multiple visits and having tried various sandwiches/wraps and even the salad bar several times.  I think that their food just doesn't stand out.I do appreciate their 'healthy' options on the menu (with calorie #s, too) and I do appreciate their salad bar that has a pretty good selection (note that dessert is part of the salad bar.. odd, I know), but I just have to say that nothing I've eaten here has ever made me want to come back.. nor do I ever get a "jason's deli" craving.Their staff has always been adequate and friendly and the facility itself seems to run smoothly (ordering and food arrival is pain free and quick) and is fairly busy at lunch time (it's near a mall and lots of businesses nearby), but, again, their food is OK.  If I want a 'salad', I just go to Whole Foods and do their 7.99/lb salad bar that includes all kinds of meats (Jason's doesn't).. if I want a sandwich, I go to Wildflower for interesting ones or even Sprouts for plain and affordable ones... leaving Jason's at a solid 3.You do get free soft serve if you eat there, though.. that could be enticing enough for some people.
3	Good sandwiches and salad bar, a tad pricey for items.
3	Love Jason's!I wish the food tasted the same on each visit. I always order the same thing, 70% of the time no problem, but the other 30% a problem. If the food consistently stayed the same I would give this 5 stars!On our last visit, my French Onion Soup was so salty I could barely swallow it. Now I don't understand why this happens! I love french onion because I love to dip my sandwich in it. But this time I was left very disappointed :(The store always seems very clean and the staff does seem nice.Another complaint at this one, is that the cleaning staff is always cleaning around the area I am eating. This is a MAJOR Pet PEEVE of mine! I am eating, please clean AFTER I walk away from the table!
4	Best salad bar in town IMO. hands down. Quality inredients, good Quinoa and quality oils and vinegars for the top. Not to mention at $7.99 its tough to beat.All the sandwiches are pretty good too but the Salad bar is the star of the show for us.
2	Have had Jason's before at work luncheons and generally enjoyed the sandwiches and potato salad. Today my boyfriend and I ordered delivery and it was sadly disappointing. So here's why I'm only giving two stars. We ordered online, which was frustrating because we could not simply look at a menu. That option would not load for us and after trying for a while we decided to just try the "order now" button. We had to put in all of our info first, then we got to see the menu. The menu was poorly edited and hard to read, not to mention confusing. I also feel like for what the descriptions were vs. what we actually received was pretty dissimilar. I ordered a California Turkey Club. There were two options to select on the website to add the sandwich to the order, with exactly the same description, the only difference being one had "Managers' Special" in parenthesis. Not being able to discern the difference between the two I chose the latter and was later disappointed. My sandwich was literally 3 inches long, which is a shame because the three bites were pretty good.  The description said sprouts, avocado, tomato, and fresh greens among other things.  There were no sprouts, one slice of avocado, the butt end of one roma tomato and about five pieces of baby greens. I do have a positive though! For a side I had fruit salad, I really appreciated actual berries in the salad and not just melon like most places do. For paying over seven dollars I had expected a little bit bigger sandwich than kiddie size. My boyfriend ordered the small chicken pot pie and a roast beef sandwich. The sandwich was HUGE! Delicious roast beef with nice focaccia bread. The pot pie was sadly disappointing. It(the filling) came in a soup like cup, but with no pie. Instead they serve it with kind of like a small puff pastry tortilla. And it was so CHEESY which I really wish they would have put in the description because we aren't into cheese.  He had potato salad for a side which had eggshells in it. :/The chocolate nut brownie was amazing.  The plain cheesecake was amazing. The cream soda and black cherry sodas are also very good. Maybe next time will be better if we decide to try it again.
4	Love the salad bar here ! The best deal is the manager special available all the time where u can get half sandwich and a side salad(well it's a full salad bar actually) all for about 8 dollars ! Salad bar has some high quality organic veggie and greens and it is better than the over priced 13 dollars salad at capital grill I went. Love it here! One star less because the sandwich is only average. Oh don't forget the free ice-cream.
3	Yummy food. :) Little on the pricey end but like the fact that you get unlimited free ice cream with your food and drinks.
5	Can't beat the gluten free bread and many selections for gluten free options.  Nice to have when I'm traveling.
3	First time I've had Jason's in a while.  When I used to travel to San Antonio (which was a lot) our meeting always catered lunch from Jason's.  For the most part it was serviceable.Today was a qualified serviceable.  I ordered the Ruben and Cuban sandwiches.  The Ruben was ok.  The Cuban not so much.  The Cuban is designed to be a warm sandwich (or at least the cheese should be melted).  Weeeeeellllllll not so much.  The Cuban (which is allegedly cooked on a panini press)  pretty much tasted like it just came out of the fridge.I'm only giving them a 3 based on the Ruben.  Otherwise the place is a 2.
2	We have ate here a few times before. They always forget something. But this time it was ridiculous.  They forgot our chips and salsa which on the menu it clearly states it comes with it. We called to let them know because they are always forgetting something. The girl who answered was rude and blamed us for forgetting.  The wrap was OK but wayyyy to small and not worth the money. I could make way better quality food at home. I don't suggest this place. But I'm giving it 2 stars because the free ice cream is delish.
5	This is a great lunch place for sandwich, soup and salad.  We often have group lunch here because it's convenience, good variety of items in menu and reasonable price.  The half sandwich and soup menu is a good value item.  You also get free ice cream cone for desert!  It's just cafeteria food done right.
4	Great food! I do wish they had really good desserts though. I come here all the time either way.
5	Love this chain, they have always been consistant place to place and they have one of the largest portions of premium meats on their sammy's I had anywhere. The prices are always reasonable, the salad bar is amply suppied with the things I dig most and I have to say the final get me in there reason I go is for the free all u can eat soft serve icecream, choc van and swirl how could u go wrong here, especially if you have kids. I use this place as a carrot to get my kids to do things for.me like behave or do chores. Works like a charm!!If you have never been u've been missing out for sure,  try it and see if it dont become a staple stop next time!
4	The salad bar is a great deal with fresh ingredients. I like the choices and the price is good. I have tried some sandwiches too and was happy. Until today. The grill cheese and tomato soup combo was nasty. the sandwich had no taste. just blah. The soup was Luke warm and nasty. it had chunks and lumps of I don't know what. I was very disappointed. I ate two bites and gave up. I got to watch my wife eat her salad..... so I guess I will just stick with that. I will have nightmares from that slop.
4	Jason's Deli serves up a nice varied menu, good quality food, generous portions in a clean and friendly environment. My favorite is the salad bar of course, but they also have a great selection of soup to go along with it and sandwiches when I want a little more.We also use Jason's to cater work events and it is always a crowd pleaser.
