4	i'm telling you. restaurants in hotel lobbies are totally underrated. don't believe me? read this: http://www.yelp.com/biz/lafittes-phoenixthis is the third restaurant in the tandoori times family. i haven't been to the other locations, but based on the reviews for those establishments, tandoori times 3 ranks right up there.admittedly, the place was deserted last night, but i'm told it's hopping on fridays and saturdays when they bring in belly dancing and hookah.the decor is completely new (the holiday inn has also been recently renovated). it's comfortable, spacious and has a modern feel.the manager -- whose name escapes me at the moment -- was also our server. she is pleasant, funny and her presence alone will guarantee my return. any server that is willing to engage in friendly banter is okay in my book.lastly, the food was excellent. (should i have said that first? ha.) i can't speak intelligently on indian cuisine. but suffice it to say that i enjoyed it very much. and fried cottage cheese is now one of my major food groups. check it out.
4	Great and flavorful food. Plus friendly service.
4	Being close to my home and office, I have been to this joint quite a few times and its high time I put in good words for the great quality of food and the amazing friendly service that they provide. I am a vegetarian they do have many veggie options.The ambience is great.. a cool mix of modern and traditional indian interior.The lunch menu is also good and very filling. For the dinner menu too their servings are large enough for two. Ask for spicy food and they'll make sure its the way you expected.. The staff is very friendly.. Nargis, Freva and Sussanna.. all are very lively. They have some good collection of wines too.. I'd love to try out the bar some day!
3	I came by this restaurant one evening as I was having a craving for Indian food and this was just a couple of miles away from my home. I got the mango lassi, the tikka masala paneer and paneer battered in some gravy. I wish I could remember the name of it! Here's the breakdown. Service is really quite good. I went in and took a couple of minutes to pick something out. The girl at the hostess' table was attentive, and whilst waiting multiple people stopped by to make sure I had been taken care of. She made sure to bring the mango lassi out to me first, as well, which was nice! The tikka masala was delicious. Spicy and with a depth of flavor that was awesome. The paneer was chewy, and could have been tastier, but really, why would you want to compete with the sauce? The fried paneer was perhaps the most mediocre of the punch. As mentioned before, the paneer by itself was a bit unremarkable, and the spices and the tangy tamarind dipping sauce it came in wasn't something to my preference. Not awful, just not my favorite. It was also a bit rubbery, but we all know fried things don't travel well.My biggest gripe is that... when I got home, I found out they hadn't included rice with my order!!! I'm sorry, but that is NOT good. I need rice to eat with my tikka masala. I could have made some of my own, but that rather defeats the purpose of take out!!Not a deal breaker, but definitely left a slight sour note in my mouth. If you order take out make sure to request rice.
5	My first time here.  Food was great!  Large portions at a good price.  Great looking place too. Super clean and nice.  Had an outdoor sitting area with misters as well.  Service was GREAT!  So friendly and helpful!  Our servers last time we Fariba and Sayed and couldnt have asked for better staff!  I will definitely be back here!Oh and they had a GREAT belly dancer to see on this saturday night while we ate!  Good addition!
4	Classy place located at the Holiday Inn.The chicken makhani and chicken tikka masala were EXELLENT.I had both dishes at Tandoor 1 and 2,but this place tops all.Very well seasoned, thick rich and creamy with tasty herbs.Meat was juicy and just right.Rice was consistent in texture.A gal in braids served us. She had a foreign accent and was very awkward by tring to be overly friendly.but I'm sure she was just trying to be friendly to her patrons lol.I think she was a n00b, but I realized this place opened not too long ago,so she's likely still in training.I asked her for a to go container for my makhani and masala,and she came out with one of those sandwich containers.Had to send her back to fetch a soup container bc the sauces will leak and make your car smell like Indian food for days!!I would say I was impressed with the food.Not quite San Jose level, but close :)I would def go back again if I drop by hat side of town.If it were closer to home and more affordable, I'd eat it EVERY DAY :D
3	First off I think that everyone reading this needs to go show them some love!  There were only two sets of diners during lunch the day we were there.  I'm not saying it's perfect but it was quite good.  We had a groupon which made it a great deal.  The prices were good for the groupon but otherwise a bit steep.The service was excellent and my coconut curry chicken was very good.  They charge you for rice, which is a bummer.....but the rice was very flavorful by itself.  Portions are adequate and mine was extremely tasty.  My companion was not as impressed with her food.  She got a vegan dish which had to be remade due to chicken broth being used (the server caught it and had it remade.)  However, she asked for it to be 8/10 on the spice scale and I could eat it (and I'm a wuss!)  My dish was supposedly a 5/10 and I was fine with it.  So I don't understand their scale for hotness.Overall it was a good lunch.  Just not sure if it was good enough to go back for!
2	Wont be back. Ridiculously expensive, bad service, and tacky decor. Despite our waitress forgetting to bring drinks until we asked for them 20 minutes later, the food tasted good. Wish the portion sizes were bigger.
2	My boyfriend and I ate here last week. The experience from the start wasn't great. We were seated and no explanation was given as to the menus left on the table. There was a giant menu that had no more than a dozen or so items and a bunch of alcoholic beverages. We were confused and disappointed as we could really only identify one or two items. The waitress (who is also the hostess) dropped off additional menus. We were relieved until we saw the prices!  YIKES! A bit more than we anticipated based on my previous interpretation of the number of money signs. Next we waited. And waited. And waited. It took over 15 minutes to get our drinks and an order. When we reminded the waitress, she seemed offended, as if it was our fault she forgot! Then, to top it off, we find out the two dishes we ordered, were EXACTLY the SAME! Why couldnt someone explain this before we ordered? One was just "spicier". The twin dishes were good, but I was a little peeved that I just spent close to $30 for two of the same dish! I probably won't go back. It's not that the food wasn't good, but I didn't feel that we got good service, and I paid way to much to not be treated well. And in regards to money spent, it wasn't so much price per dish, which I now realize I was misinformed on, but it was the quantity we got for the price. I would definitely not ever come here with a bigger group.
4	Location I loved, not to far away from where I live.  It's located right in the Holiday Inn parking lot and is pretty big inside.  As soon as I walked inside for this Friday night dinner I noticed the place was pretty empty.  I like the vibe of the place. It feels really clean and modern with more of an upscale feel from other restaurants in the neighborhood.  The waitress was super nice and really gave top notch service throughout the night.  They have a full bar with some really good deals during happy hour so I took advantage by trying one of the mixed drinks they had listed.  Forgot which one sorry, but it was yummy, no skimping on the alcohol either. I had the Lamb special for the evening and my husband ordered the Chicken Marsala. We shared plates and the food was just ok to me.  I like things spicy and felt it didn't meet what I liked.  As we were leaving we got a huge surprise, a Belly Dancer came out to entertain everyone.  Loved the show, location, and service.
5	Amazing food. I wasn't so sure about Indian food, as visiting this place was my first time at both the restaurant and the food itself. I had the Chicken Tikki Marsala and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back!
4	This place is terrific. We have been here 5-6 times now and have tried many dishes. All are very good. They have a great happy hour from 3-7 and belly dancing on Friday and Saturday nights. If you like Indian cuisine or have never tried it, give this place a shot.
4	Very good, friendly service - we had coconut curry prawns, chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, saag with cheese, naan and rice with veggies. All were good.
4	I've eaten lunch during the work week two times. The first time was about 4-6 weeks ago, and then today. Both days happened to be Thursdays. The first time a friend from India (who now lives in US) brought me here. She's a vegetarian and I asked her where she likes to go for Indian food in the area; normally she would make her own lunch. The second time, today, I brought an American friend who really likes Indian food, similar to myself. The food is very good for an American like me. I like flavorable, medium/hot spicy foods.  I order "medium" here on the spice scale,and  they get it right for me. I could use a bit more heat/spice, and they do have two "hotter" levels than medium, but I would rather err on the side of caution. I've asked for medium-hot in the spice dept, but have been informed they don't have that category (their heat scale is something like no spice or light-weight, medium, hot and flaming ... I made up those words). I can't remember the names of foods I've eaten.. they were delicious .. chicken spinach dish, curry chicken dish, salad, garlic bread/naan, rice, lentil soup -- it's all been quite good.Service. Decent. First time I came it was less than decent; today it was decent. One waitress didn't describe or communicate that well; another waitress was quite friendly and helpful at the start of the meal. Overall, nothing to rave or complain about. Food. Delicious, especially for what I imagine is an Americanized Indian food restaurant. I don't know of any truly authentic Indian food restaurants in Arizona. Several of my Indian friends enjoy the food here, and I've seen large groups of Indian co-workers at other tables both times I've been here at lunchtime. I'll keep coming back for occasional lunches.. though it's extremely filling to eat here and then go back to work! Ambiance. Outstanding for me. If you want traditional Indian decor, this probably wouldn't be the place for you. It's the cleanest, brightest, most modern Indian restaurant I've ever been in. Very nice decor that I happen to love. It has not been busy at all both times I've been here, which makes it nice for parking and for finding a good table. Maybe it's busier in the evenings or on weekends.
4	Great atmosphere and service. Very clean for an Indian restaurant. Food was enjoyable. Chicken tikka a bit dry but still good. Was not sure about this place at first due to location, but definitely glad I went in.
4	Just as delicious as Tandoori II, but way fancier! We went on a Friday night and if we had been blindfolded in the way over I would have sworn we were in Scottsdale. The food was awesome, the building beautiful and the patio with firepits and heaters and hookahs are a great addition to the ambiance. If you have not tried Indian food before, this is the place to do so. The tikka masala and naan and fragrant rice are all great beginner dishes. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the service was pretty damn slow making us miss happy hour specials. I will say though, the belly dancer and music were rad but it made some of our party feel awkward as we didn't know if we were supposed to stop our conversation to watch and tip. All in all, this is a great place.
4	An Indian restaurant inside a Holiday Inn? If it were anything but Tandoori Times I might have thought twice before trying!I've only ordered takeout, but the food is as you'd expect if you've eaten at either of their other 2 locations, which is to say, its good.The decor of the restaurant is modern and upscale, but both times I've picked up takeout the place was almost completely empty. If you show up and this is the case, don't be discouraged, the food is good and their bar looks fully stocked!
4	This place is attached to a Holiday Inn but do not let that fool you as the food is amazing. The lamb vindaloo and the garlic naan and the saag gohst are some of my favorites. The complimentary chai tea tastes a bit like hot half &half, but what do expect for free.
3	3.5 Stars, The Naan, was great, the paneer tika masala was average, but the mint chutney that had been sitting so long that it fermented and was carbonated really scared me. Lunch specials range from $8-10 this is not a lunch buffet. They do include hot chai tea which is nice.The location is a bit odd as this is the restaurant for the holiday inn which if I were on travel for work I would be happy to find.  The inside is nice clean and modern but service was sub par as we had to ask to get our water refilled, luckily I was not in a rush.Lunch was oddly slow, with 3 other tables at the peak.
4	I really like this place.  I have been there so many times they know us.  I have to say my favorite things are on the happy hour meny.  You order a few things off that and you are done.  I always get the lamb kabobs.   They have a pretty nice selection on beer and wine.  The staff are all very friendly.  They have a belly-dancer on the weekends which is fun.
4	If you want to dine on really good, reasonably priced Indian food, this is the place to go. The dining room is spacious with contemporary Indian-themed decor, the ambiance is casual and upscale at the same time, the servers are very friendly, and the entrees are really tasty. And if the weather is good, you may even want to dine al fresco at the spacious patio area.
3	My husband and I love Indian food. We have eaten here 3 times now. We have a restaurant that we always go to and wanted to see if there was anything better out there so after having driven by here a few times we decided to stop in. The same waiter has served us all three times and the service has always been slow, even when there are no other diners. The food was really really good the first time we went. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the sauce was incredible, extra creamy and thick. The next two times we went the food was just ok. It seemed as though the sauce had been watered down a little and that was a real shame. All in all I would wish there was a little more consistency in Flavorville so we could look forward to a delicious meal everytime!
5	Been here many times now and this place is delish. We always get the chicken tikka masala and then try something new each time we go. The Friday chef special goat is fantastic as is the lamb curry. An the garlic naan is a must!
5	Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the newest of the 3 locations and features a large inside area with an AMAZING patio (complete with firepit and hookah)!  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
4	So good! If it was less expensive, I would be back more often. Almost $70 (not including tip) for 1 app, 1 side, 3 entrees, and 2 non-alcoholic drinks. Loved the grilled shrimp, curry dishes and garlic naan.
5	Amazing food! We were a bit skeptical, but this place was really great. We had a Groupon, and our service was outstanding The naan was great, and the entrees were spectacular. Excellent service and wonderful food!
4	I totally suggest trying the tandoori wings appetizer. They are so good that I daydream about them.So I'm finally caving in and writing a review about Tandoori Times 3. The food is excellent, but pricey. I took a friend for his birthday and it cost me just over $60 for the both of us. The night we went they had belly dancers and amazing eastern music. The music was a little bit on the loud side. I had never seen a live belly dancer and I was totally impressed - she worked the room and it wasn't at all uncomfortable. My friend really enjoyed her dancing and the music too.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the wait staff really sucked. You guys really need to get it together in this area, I read some of the other reviews and this is a common theme for you. I will visit this place again, but if the wait staff hasn't improved I will re-rate this place and never show up again.
4	Chicken tikka was amazing, food was really good. I wish there were more server but I would recommend this place.
1	I sat for 8 minutes without being greeted by the waiter, no drinks were offered. I left after expressing my dissatisfaction to the hostess. Thanks for the terrible service.
4	The sign looks like it could pass as a preschool, needless to say I was skeptical. After trying it today I couldn't say anything bad, the food was outstanding and the atmosphere is very nice. Lamb and coconut chicken is recommended!
1	We heard great things about this place so we gave it a try. We went in on a Monday night. There was only one table seated and about four guys at the bar, but we had to wait almost three minutes for the bartender to seat us. She sat us and left two menus, she didn't even bring us water or ask if we wanted to order a drink. Eight minute later another couple walks in and was sat by the waiter which never came to our table. He went and brought them water and took their drink order. We decided to leave after being ignored for about 12 minutes. The food might be good, but the service was the worst I have ever had.
4	Called in my order and it was ready to pick up when I got there. Chicken vindaloo is delish!
4	The best chicken tikka masala! I love their garlic naan and their rice with peas is delicious! Prices are a little steep for India but the quality is very good. The staff is super nice which is always a pleasure to walk into.
4	The restaurant is located on the side of a hotel. It is very nice, brand new and very comfortable. Their is actually an individual TV at each booth which would be perfect for bringing kids or a spouse you don't like. The tandoori wings appetizer was ok, probably wouldn't order it again. However the chicken tikka masala was the best I have had. I will absolutely return for that. I did not like that they charged extra for rice. The garlic naan was amazing and went really well with the tikka masala! Our waitress was fantastic and there was a busser/water person that kept us comfortable while she was away. They also had a really nice patio but it was pretty dark outside.
4	this is a pretty good Indian restaurant.  a the reviews say the garlic naan is a must and I agree. the pompadom are light and the chicken tikka masala has just right bite.  overall I was quite pleased prices ate average for this type of restaurant
4	We really love here!I've lived in India for a half year, and sadly... I like it more here.We always order paneer tikka masala with garlic naan...really good!On lunch times we also like to order lamb seekh kabob.We also tried Tandoori times 2 but I would give 2.5 stars there.Even though it's a bit further than 2 it's worth the drive.It's really weird that there are only like 4 customers everytime I visit.I wonder how they make money.
4	The Food is 5 star! Everything is flavorful and presented nicely. Tv's at every booth (good for children). Only negative is staff can be slow and sparse. The Paneer Marsala is very rich but mild though not a problem just ask for more kick and they will gladly adjust. Restaurant is connect to. Hotel so I believe there is WIFI. Also the restaurant never seems more than 35% full, which is a plus for me due to children. Honestly it the best tasting Indian food I have tasted in the Valley (so far). **Everything is A La Cart.
2	We were not impressed. We purchased a groupon and the server did not inform us we couldn't apply it towards our happy hour purchases. We read the groupon once we got our bill to check and yes that is on us to double check the fine print, but a friendly reminder would have been nice since we told him ahead of time we were using a groupon. Even though we were one of only four tables occupied it took over 15 minutes to get any water or for the server to acknowledge us. The chicken was was over breaded and tough. The naan was good except for the way over burned edges. Drinks were ok, and dessert was inedible. Overall- not a good experience or food.
5	Just ate here for the first time, and loved it. The food was amazing! The server recommended the chicken makhani, and he couldn't have been more right. Lunch special comes with a side salad, rice, and a generous portion of naan. The server was very nice, let  come in and have a seat 20 minutes before they opened so I didn't have to wait I'm the heat.  Will be back for sure.
4	I ordered the combo Tuesday special with lamb achari and chicken makhani. It comes with dhal, rice, side salad and naan. I upgraded the naan to garlic naan. The makhani was better than most I have tasted. The lamb achari is delicious. It's creamy and spicy and the lamb jut melts in your mouth. Definitely coming back here.
5	The food here is the best! The garlic nam bread and chicken tika masala are so good I crave them.
5	Aloo Gobi on the mild side real good flavor &  the chicken Tikka masala I asked to be on the mild side was very good will be coming back!
1	We had a disastrous experience at this restaurant. It was the WORST Indian meal I have ever had in my life.
3	We usually go here for dinner, which is quite good, but today we went for lunch and it was really mediocre.
5	Been their 2 times and both the time it's been good lunch menuGood is cooked to perfection and every small detail is paid attention to Will recommend this place to allKeep up the amazing mount watering good
4	The lunch specials are amazingly delicious with generous portions for a very reasonable price. The service was top notch.
1	Very bad service and wait time. My first time here and never coming back again !!! Seriously it's bad management !!
1	If I could give -5 I'd. The most horrible place I've ever been. Ordered food and waited for an hour and no sign of drinks or food. Eventually, left the place late at night hungry after waiting for an hour!!
4	Why is this place never busy??  The lunch specials are DELICIOUS...especially a fan of the Paneer Tikka Masala and the Chicken Korma.  Lunch special comes with rice, 2 large pieces of naan, salad and soup.  YUMMY.
4	Best indian restaurant in Arizona ever ! The malai kofta here is to die for !Good ambience and amazing service.Think indian think tandoori times 3
4	A friend just moved into the area and we decided to check out this joint! We are both HUGE indian food fans and this place did not disappoint.  We both ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was very good.  the sauce was thick and flavorful and was mostly white meat.  I tend to like my chicken tikka masala with dark meat as i find it has more flavor.  anyhow, i ordered my dish spicy, but it was not spicy at all.  i find that when i ask for spicy at indian joints (and thai joints for that matter) they don't really believe me since its never spicy enough! i asked for additional spice to kick it up a notch and they brought out some jalapeno peppers.  It wasn't exactly what i was looking for, but whatevs.  we also ordered the chicken biryani and it was very good.  you can tell they make everything homemade because the biryani was fresh! it had a great flavor, but was a little goopy, for lack of a better term.  it was still delicious though!now let's get to the best part...the garlic naan.  YUM! damn, they know how to make some naan! if i were in the neighborhood again i would hit this place up, but i wouldn't go out of my way to get there.
