1	This place is an absolute joke. Curtis upped and left at the beginning April, at least that's what they say, and everything was left in a mess. Dropped my taxes off at the beginning of April and as of today (5/7/2013) they are not done. People there are rude and full of excuses. He was recommended by someone I knew and so I went with him last year. And he screwed my taxes up and I was fined 2 k by IRS. It's nothing more than an H&R block.
1	In response to Just J.  Corliss actually sold his business to H&R block last year. Prior to then we had been using him 8 years. All of those years we had perfect service. So that being said this is not a rating on Curt himself but H&R block. Because he sold the business name and his customer contacts they keep calling us! They are trying to use his name to drum up business! If you ask them if you can get an appointment with Curt they offer you one with one of their accountants but at no point say they are  in facr H&R block. Curt told us last year that he sold and was retiring. Last years was a terrible mess. Horrible office service, the office manager was bad but I'm pretty sure they went through a few. So don't be fooled folks...this is no longer Curtis' business it belongs to H&R block and they suck. DO NOT GO THERE.
1	Erica is 110% right! This place blows! You might as well go to H&R Block down the street. They need to change the name to what it really is.
1	They are no longer a small family tax prep firm  they are now an H & R block and they didn't tell me.  they wasted my time  over 2 1/2 hours to the return and then wanted almost $300.   said no thanks got my stuff and left.   They are now an over priced firm  that has inexperience people preparing taxes.  they hope they get it right   so if they don't, they sell you insurance call    'piece of mind'.   i would have more piece of mind if they had some one that knew what they where doing.   so don't go cause they don't have any more experience than if you were doing your own return.    i am going to look for someone with  real experience    there are plenty of mom and pop places out there that deserve the business rather than this corporate giant.   STAY AWAY
