4	Good space. Has all the equipment you need. Only problem is too many personal trainers. Its a public gym, NOT a personal training studio!
5	I really like the hydro-massages! I would go there just for those. It's also clean, relaxing and bright. Even though the locker restroom is tiny and there is only one shower, still, I recommend this gym because the owner, Jesse, actually cares about his clients' comfort and happiness. When something didn't go well with the personal trainers, he was on it -- corrected it and everything is golden. As for the personal trainer I met with, he was energetic, knowledgeable and made me feel confident in reaching my goals.
4	Staff: friendly, unintrusive, knowledgeable, chill.Facility: this basically offers cardio machines and isolation resistance machines.-They've provided a lot given the spatial restrictions, but it's a little heavy on the isolation machines; not too much room to do Olympic lifts outside of Smith machines, of which there are two. -Kettlebell selection is sparse, with only the smallest weights available.-There's only one foam roller, and it's a bit weathered.-No rowing machines, battle ropes, or heavy bags.That said, there are several aspects in which this gym shines:-doesn't ever get terribly crowded.-awesome trainers that are cool to talk to; one of the ones I chatted with trains Maxim models.-clean.-has rubber plates.-extremely convenient hours--practically always open.-has all the basics; you can easily sub exercises or equipment if you're just in town for a week and need to get in some workouts.
1	The Guidlines for writing a review stated to Be Objective and Truthful.  Well fokes, I will.  My experience did not meet by expectations from a business prospective.  The ower/manager did not write a NEW contract for me, but used a old contract from the previous owner.  Not only were dates written over, but guess what? Monthly fees were taken out of my checking account since 2010.  Guys.. its 2013!!!!! I did not get what I paid for, in fact, I paid for double of NOTHING! I do not recommend this facility to anyone, unless you want funds to be taken from your account without your permission. BOA agrees with me too....and Huntersville Police....... and BBB and ......
4	The nemo blue interior helps with the workout. Anytime fitness places could be open from $30k to $100k. This looks to be in the upper section.good equipment, showers, and healthy vending options. Diverse crowd.They also have water massage machine. Free one time use with Google maps offer. No WiFi password or network written on visible place inside the building. Lil dirty restroom and showers.
