3	Decided to check out this new Gilbert restaurant, we drive by it all the time since it's only about a mile from our home. Very pretty and clean looking inside, naturally with an Italian theme. The husband and sis-in-law enjoyed the escargot, and courses were served fairly quickly. I had their chicken special, with a wine marsala sauce that I enjoyed very much. Everyone else had linguini with clams, but one of the dishes had a spicy heat to it that they didn't mention on the menu. If you don't like spicy dishes you should make sure you ask about it first. The dishes were also a little on the salty side. They were also small portions, and served on big plates on small tables and we didn't have a lot of room between the four of us. Husband is currently eating again while I write this because he is still hungry. Smaller portions aren't a problem, but the meals are pretty pricey for what you get. I give it two dollar signs in this review, but you're going to pay $15-$20 a meal unless you are a child. The three stars are really for the service and atmosphere. GREAT service, and a nice place to take friends or family. They also had a live musician playing the viola for the patrons, which of course made me smile, being a violist myself. :-) Other than that, the food is good but with the prices I won't be able to dine there very often.
3	Nice local Italian place in Gilbert  (Warner and Greenfield).   Ask for Marcie as  your server, she is very good, and very friendly.    Had a few pizza's this time.  Nice atmosphere!!!   Love to sit outside in the patio!!!!!!They have recently lowered their prices to be more in tune with Gilbert and the economy.    Hopefully this place makes it.  They have a nice happy hour from 3-6 (not positive on the time) so it is nice to stop by for a glass of wine and a app, after a long week of work.  Chao ...
2	My fiance came here on a long awaited date night, and unfortunately we were not impressed. This place is relatively new, and maybe I should try again once they have been opened for awhile, but I just don't think I want to. My meal was mediocre at best, and my fiance couldn't even eat half of his chicken parmigiana. The plus side, their service was GREAT! Our server was very friendly and quick. Maybe I would try again and just do wine and appetizers?
1	Atmosphere is appealing.  The violin player was a nice touch.  However, everything else was rotten!  We came Valentine's weekend.  The lights were somewhat bright for a late night dinner.  The doors were all open and it was cold inside.  A poor older couple were sitting by the door and the elderly lady had to wear her coat and her husbands.  They still didn't close the door.  Service was very slow.  Awful.  All these reviews about great service made me think we had gone to a different restaurant than everyone else.  They didn't know the menu.  It took forever to get drinks.  Forever to get food.  Salad came out after dinner!And the tiramisu was disastrous.  They covered it in Hershey's chocolate syrup!  Gross!  The two flavors do not go together at all.  The desert itself seemed odd without the syrup too.  Couldn't put my finger on it though.We weren't the only table groaning about the place, every table around us was.  We all commiserated together.  Food was cold.  And dry.  Bill was pricey.  Will not ever go back.  They need to make some serious changes to this place or it won't last long.  The manager never walked around, just stood next to the bar the entire time while waiters struggled to get their jobs done.  The waiters (all in high school from what we could tell) were also too busy fooling around in the back and a big clang of breaking dishes were the result.
