2	Went there during lunch hour, was my first BP experience, and it was not very good.The service was pretty much nonexistent, the waitress never fill my water until the very end, and she had quite some attitude as well. The table was not properly cleaned and had bits of melted cheese stuck on the table.We had the Baked Taco Beef Penne and the BBQ Chicken Pizza. The pasta tasted alright and the portion was fair, I wish there was more sour cream on the top.The pizza, on the other hand, was just ridiculous. I mean, the restaurant's name is Boston PIZZA, right? They're suppose to be famous and known for their pizza, RIGHT?Oh boy that "thing" was disappointing. First of all, they were out on multigrain crust, what kind of place with Pizza in its name goes out of pizza crust??? Second of all, that "pizza" had only a very thin layer of cheese with very thick crust, I think they were short on BBQ sauce as well, as the "pizza" had almost no taste. It is also hard to believe that, for such a small portion, the "pizza" came with no other garnishes, salads, or sides (not even the choice of having such things). They should name their pizza "cheesy bread" instead.I do have to admit that their mint candy tasted absolutely fantastic, I love that candy!I may come back one day just for that candy.Nah I won't.
3	let me just say off the bat the food was good.but my booth I sat in there was sticky stuff on it and the fork had crust on it.i asked for water and I got diet coke.th3 staff was friendly.
1	Waited 40 minutes for a pizza, when we asked if there was a problem they said the kitchen had made a mistake and that the food would be right out. Ten minutes later it arrived, missing an ingredient. I pointed this out to the server and she looked equally frustrated, but that wasn't much comfort.The Popeye pizza was supposed to have spinach and roasted garlic...somehow they managed to make it completely flavourless. My companion ordered a burger and said it tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp while they remade the pizza.I would have given the food and the server 2 stars, but screwing up the order twice and waiting 50 minutes for something wrong earns a 1 star. Barely.
2	Boston Pizza is probably a place that is meant for a group a guys to watch a game and drink a lot because the food quality is not really up to par.  I ordered a fettuccine alfredo pasta dish with chicken and mushrooms and the chicken was tasteless and the alfredo sauce was bland.  This chain really needs to upgrade their food quality as I would not be going back to eat until it does.  The ambience is family friendly on one side and bar friendly on the other side, which is a great mix, now if they could only fix the quality of food problem, this place would thrive.
2	I have mixed feelings about what I think here, been a few times, like a lot of the food on the menu especially the nachos, pizza is awesome and tried the burger and was content!Although the service is not always the best, few times we walked in they told us the kitchen was closed ( 10 pm Saturday night) that we can go to the bar..Another time they dint want us to go in the dinning room cause it was apparently closing and we had to sit at the bar with the loud music.Another time we asked for an appetizer and it wasn't cooked ( was frozen in the middle)Well ok they were nice about it, gave us another plate for free but still it turned me off completely! I've been to other boston pizzas in mtl qc and had better service!The one in lasalle is being managed by young careless people!I give it 3 stars.
1	This restaurant essentially stole my money!!!  First of all, I placed the order at 7:50 pm online and the confirmation said my pizza would be ready by 8:30. The pizza got here at 8:40 so a bit late but no big deal.  Then I went inside to realise that my "double" order of chicken bites was just a single! I immediately called them back, so they were aware of the issue by 8:45pm and the restaurant is supposed to close at 11pm so I was calling back more than 2 hours ahead of closing time.  However, according to the assistant manager who I spoke with, the delivery guy had now gone home for the night so there was no way to get my 2nd order of chicken bites out to me this evening.  Nor could they deliver me the chicken bites tomorow, apparently they don't deliver on Mondays either.  I spent $51.46 for 8 lousy chicken bites and a large pepperoni pizza that was dry and honestly for a place whose  namesake is "Boston PIZZA" the pizza was like a frozen pizza reheated in their ovens, pepperoni was cheap and dry. The pizzawas really gross. But back to the original story, I was offered as a condolence for omitting an order of chicken bites WHICH I PAID FOR, was to offer me 30% off a future order!!! When I said no, I dont' want to spend more money just to get somethign I already paid for, they offered me 50% off instead.  Like NO. NO. Essentially they have just stolen my money and given me nothing in return.  What about the chicken bites I ALREADY PAID FOR? I don' t get those anymore because they screwed up, instead, they get to keep my money and for me to maybe recoup some of it, I could you know, spend more money and order again? It's ridiculous!This place is owned or managed or something by one of the guys on Dragon's Den- a confirmed multi millionaire investor.  Why does he need to keep my money and give me nothing in return?  For a place that claims to want to make their customers happy, they sure don't care about robbing them blind.This was my first and last time ever ordering from Boston Pizza.
