5	One of my favorite Greek restaurants in Montreal. I enjoy it both for its good food and lively evening atmosphere. This is a great place to go out with a group of friends for a fun night. The menu lends itself to ordering many items for the table and sharing them amoung everyone. Some of my fav's are:- fried octopus (the house specialty)- calamari- Saganaki (served flaming at your table)- fleshly made Spanakopitakia- Kolokithia Tiganita - lightly fried zucchini & eggplant- Greek salad of course- Jumbo Shrimp- grilled rack of lamb- and for dessert Loukoumades -  deep fried dough balls served warm and drizzled with honey
4	I have probably walked up and down Parc Avenue and never noticed this restaurant. I ate here recently with my good friend and was extremely surprised with what I experienced.I had a lychee martini (it was SOOOO strong - but this is obviously just me - I never drink!) but the waiter was so kind and offered to cut it down with more juice and split it into two drinks for us. The service was amazing and the food was really delectable! As well, you will never be disappointed with the size of the platters. Next time I am definitely trying out the Saganaki (as it was pretty entertaining to watch the waiters try to not set the restaurant and patrons on fire! - J/K!)
4	VERY GOOD! Recommended to me by several people when discussing where to eat good Greek in Montreal. Philinos is a smallish restaurant, not cramped, but not grand either. There's some typical decor paying homage to Greece but overall the place is pretty charming and comfortable. The atmosphere lends itself more to casual than anything formal. There's a small patio that is covered by vines and leaves that, when makes for a great place to plant yourself and hang out with food and wine. It's the kind of setting that you could easily picture loud conversations and a lot of laughing.The staff was friendly and attentive, two things I really appreciate. Delivery of the food was well timed, we never sat long without another plate showing up, we were given ample time to get into to it before another plate arrived but we never felt rushed in anyway. Recommended (and mentioned in reviews often) was the grilled octopus ... quite possibly the best I've ever had. Excellent consistency and flavor and cooked perfectly.  The rest of the food was good to very good and all pretty standard Greek plates but above standard in quality. They also have a nice selection of Greek wine, which should be added to the recommendations. I found it reasonably priced, it didn't break the bank  and I had a really nice experience.
