4	Having always seen this place but never gone in. I finally did so today and was glad i did.When entering there seemed to be some sort of event going on. You comic people know what i am saying. Where the big long tables are out layered with card, comics or games, while people intensely talk and look at these products with glee.The store its self is pretty neat. The major focus on comics and they carry a well stocked variety. The graphic novels are few but i do have to say the few they had where definitely my types of read.Overall a solid comic shop.
4	Trannies love comic books. Go on, ask one. Would I lie to you?Samurai Comics is the Cheers of comic books. You walk in and everyone's glad you you came. Even the other customers, who will look up from reading their new copy of New Avengers to send a nod in your direction. It's like saying hello but without the commitment.The tables at Samurai Comics are like the multi-purpose rooms of your junior high (we called it a cafenasium). While on the weekends they're used for Magi-Yugi-Poke tournaments, during the week you'll find people pulling up a chair, setting their Jones on the table, and plowing through their purchase. Sometimes people set up other kinds of board games on the table, like Steve Jackson's Chez Dork or Munchink series. Occasionally a D&D game will spring up. And the Yugi-Magi-Poke/WoW players point and laugh at them for playing with dice and graph paper. And the D&D players point back and laugh at them for having 0 Charisma points. That's even less charisma than an orc whose been badly burned in a fire caused by a Level 12 Wizard with an attitude problem. Laughs are had by all. And then everyone's parents come by to pick them up and the cycle repeats.While I've been known to occasionally bring out the +3 battle axe and get my berserk on with a green dragon, I come to Samurai for the comic books, specifically their collection of graphic novels & trade paperbacks. And the selection is massive. In fact, so massive that it cannot be contained in one store. Many a times I have gone to the counter, downtrodden and sad at my inability to find a particular trade paperback, only for Mike (the owner and I'm pretty sure the reincarnation of the Greek God of Geekdom) to call the other location, find said copy, and even give me a discount for having to make the drive. It almost covers the cost of the gas to drive down to 7th street.Before Netflix, I used to come here to get my quirky relatively unknown movie hookup. And I even gave mangas a try. I mean, why not? At the table is a kid who blew his week's lunch money on Yugioh cards, two guys discussing the finer points of Wonder Woman cover art, and a guy wearing one of those Naruto headbands complaining how Heroclix is no longer cool ever since it went mainstream and sold out. What, I'm going to be afraid of saving face?The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star review are the weekends. The weekends are when the aforementioned Yugi-Poke-Magi-Wow players gather to play their little tournaments. Imagine three dozen mouth-breathers all crammed into a comic book store, some of them forced to lay on the ground for lack of space, getting their burger king-stained fingerprints all over the merchandise and counter, raising the temperature inside the building to ten degrees above whatever is outside. There's nothing you can do about it. As annoying this display of failed humanity is, it's a necessarily evil; their continued and existence, and more importantly, their parents' money, helps keep Samurai up.But it's worth it for Samurai.Browse their single issues or trade paperbacks and see for yourself.Or go all out nerd. Buy a fucking action figure or something.I keep telling myself that after I'm more financially stable I'm going to start collecting Wonder Woman merchandise. Of which there is plenty.Maybe even a Wonder Woman outfit...hmm.I won't lie. Samurai is not bargain bin. Unless it's on sale (they have a big fuck-all blowout once a year) they usually sell it for cover price. Which you could admittedly do at Borders or Barnes N' Noble too. But you won't, will you?No, because you're into "local" shit. That's why you're on yelp. Nobody reads yelp for chains. Unless you're me and like to give silly anecdotes about those chains. But I'm meant to be the example to scare you straight.Ha ha! Questionable sexuality.Okay, time to wrap up with some relevant information...uh...you should give Samurai Comics a try because ultimately, it's not a store. It's an experience. And if you wish, you can become a part of it.Come to any of their events (they hold a lot of them) and you will understand what I mean.Or you can just buy your stuff and GTFO. Whatever works.Oh, and if they have them in stock, try a Yogu Time from their fridge.For rill, you have not lived until you've had a yogurt-flavored snack drink from Japan.
4	My husband should probably be the one writing this review but I've definitely been there with him enough times to comment on their customer service ... which is great.You can order subscriptions there to your favorite magazines which basically means once the comic comes out, they'll put a copy aside for you.The place isn't huge but the hubby's never complained about not getting what he wants.  It's entertaining to go their when there's some sort of Magic or whatever other role-playing "gatherings" are going on that day.  We've been going to them for  a few years now and we definitely recommend them!
4	This store seemed clean and organized. I went there looking for pokemon, yugioh, and magic cards. The store had some great selection for each, but did take some time for me to look through it all. The prices were very reasonable, and what I expected. The cashier was nice and didn't mind answering any questions we had. He also gave a 2 free cards that were cheap. I would definitly refer this store, as well as be a returning customer.There are tournaments at this location every week. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. I would definitly check this out.
3	Okay comic book store. Not a huge selection, but pretty decent. Staff is always very friendly and attentive. Love that they offer a special back selection for only $1 per issue!
2	I've only been here once, and for good reason. To put it nicely, the service was seriously lacking. I walked in and nothing. They didn't ask if I needed help looking for something, greet me, or even acknowledge me until I was about to pay. I guess the magazine the cashier was reading was VERY important. I've been to several comic book stores and I don't need someone to hold my hand, I would just like common courtesy. On the positive it was a organized place and the selection was pretty good.
3	This store is a average. It has a six month wall. This place does not bag and board new issues unless asked. The store specializes in new stuff only and has almost no back stock. The store has tournaments for card gaming on weekends. The staff doesn't talk to new customers much or ask them if they need assistance. Note for true comic fans...This store is good for new comics on Wednesdays and supplies but that is about it. Dime-a-dozen store... nothing special.
5	I go here al the time, great to have a comic book store int he SW valley!
4	Local comic book store, I'm here every Wednesday of course - comic book release day of the week. Most of the staff is friendly but there are a couple guys that don't say hi or anything.  Anyways I come here for the comics and because its close to my house. Other than that, service could be better and friendlier.
2	Don't bother asking to many questions. You won't get much in the line of help. They will however rush you out so they can finish watching there movie. Not bad on comic selection, but not my first choice.
3	I've been here a few times and overall my stance has remained the same. Employees seldom try to help you and when you do get help they seem distant and give quick "hurry up" answers. There is a lot of cool merchandise and collectibles here and lots to see. That is when there isn't a class for Yo yo in the back of the shop where you are having to navigate carefully lest you get whacked on your way to see the new stuff at the very back of the store... Overall the stuff inside is great but some of the people inside however didn't match. Too bad.
