5	Drink by the jar... or should I say by the Liter?!!!  ;DLa Distillerie has made the Mason jar (you know, the big ones; if you have small hands, you will need both to hold your drink) its signature!  What is there not love of a bar with huge pots of delicious and colourful mixed drinks?!  Meeting friends at this address calls for a night of guaranteed fun... and you may not remember all of it the next day (take it from me...).  While I haven't tried all of the cocktails on their menu, the Blue Lagoon is my fave... and you can never go wrong with a classic white Bacardi Mojito.PS If you plan on staying the night, arrive early... the place packs up fast and waiting outside in line to get your cocktail fix is never ever fun.
2	I will never understand why so many people love this place!Pros: Drinks and not watered down, large drink selection.Cons: Very, very tiny bar. This bar is always so crowded that you have to stand and move every time someone wants to pass. Most drinks served in mason jars, all drinks are deadly sweet.Bartender actually told a customer "This is your second drink, you are obligated to tip now"Overated.
4	I'm not a big cocktail or hard alcohol drinker, so somewhere like Le Distillerie is a bit of a one off for me.  I did really enjoy their happy hour (the goldfish were a delicious addition), and both of the drinks we ordered were tasty.  I wish they were not so expensive, but things were quite good anyways.  I also wish there were some way to try all of their drinks without spending a month's rent on it.
5	The prices here cannot be beat. $8 for pretty big mason jar of booze you say? Count me in. On the affordable booze front, Canada wins. What they offer for $8 bucks (4 loonies?) would easily cost $12 in the States . Services excellent and the crowd is easy, even on a Saturday night! This is my boozy heaven.
5	Booze in mason jars reminds me of bootleg liquor, moonshine and awesomeness. So it doesn't really get any better than this! Their concoctions are inventive, delicious and there is a selection for you, no matter your liking.  To boot, No. 2 is much bigger than the original Distillerie, but offers the same great ambiance and service, just less cramped. Just be warned: anything can happen at Distillerie. So be sure to open yourself up to good - even unexpected - times!
4	I personally prefer this location much more to the original one on Ontario simply because it is larger and if you're a large group it is easier to grab a table.  I usually only go to this place for happy hour when they have specials so I can't comment on how crowded it gets at other times but usually if you arrive early enough it isn't too bad.The drinks are really good and not watered down like at a lot of places.  That being said the Mason jars can be quite pricey and if you don't go at happy hour when the big ones are $3 off the cost can start to add up.  The price of the regular cocktails though is in line with what you'd pay for a drink at any bar here.  The mojito and the hurricane are good choices if you want a mason jar.  If you're looking for something else the Mad Man is owrth while.
5	This place is amazing. The drinks are amazing. So strong yet so delicious. The bartender Pete is a great guy and very personable. They also serve mason jars full of goldfish. If you go to Montreal this bar is a must.
4	Really like this place. Just can't take anymore of those stuffy, pretentious downtown water holes.
5	I read about La Distillerie before going to Montreal and wanted to try it out. My sister who lives there actually knew the spot, which happens to be La Distillerie N.2They have a very nice cocktail list but the talented bartender also made us a couple of other drinks with ingredients we requested. We were very happy!Of course, everybody loves the Mason jars but I think the large format ones take a bit too long to drink and by the end it's so watered down by the melted ice cubes that it's not really worth it.Even though I appreciated the eclectic music selection, we went there on a Saturday and the place was super loud. Maybe it's less appealing to me as I get older or maybe I like places that are a bit quieter when I get to enjoy well-crafted cocktails but if it doesn't bother you I say you have to go get a drink there!
4	My husband and I had a wonderful time at this bar. We needed to kill some time before our dinner reservation so we figured we'd have a few drinks. I had the asian pear and it was so delicious. My husband who doesn't like sugary drinks even admitted it was pretty tasty. My husband had a lemonade type cocktail, a tequila one, and something else. I had a few other drinks too but can't seem to remember the names. Anyways the point is, it was great and the bartenders were very friendly. They also had goldfish so we snacked on those during happy hour. Then later in the evening, there was a free beer to sample AND there were Belgian draft horses in front of the bar to get your picture taken with. BEST NIGHT EVER!! We were thoroughly buzzed and happy when we left to head to Au Pied du Cochon.
5	Best drinks in montreal. I have dreams of this place. PLUS they give you free goldfish, what more could you ask for? When I went in, I was having difficulty deciding between two drinks, the bartender asked me what aspects of each drink I liked, and made me my own personalized drink based on what I told him!! He was so knowledgable and friendly. It is more expensive than most other montreal bars but it's worth it for the experience.
4	Hip place with nice, strong drinks. Very sugary, but strong. Was a bit too crowded for my taste, and we had to sit on the end of another group of peoples' table, but we had a good night. I'd return.
4	I went to La Distillerie on Mont Royale with my sister on a Saturday evening at around 7 o clock. The place wasn't packed, but there was a nice vibe going on, and everyone was enjoying themselves. We were seated for around 10 minutes before a waitress brought over an extensive cocktail menu. Once we ordered, the drinks came very quickly in their signature mason jars, and were fairly strong and sweet. It was pricey but worth it!
5	Place is always bouncing! Cozy ambience and just perfect to kick it back with a few friends and tank it down! Friendly staff,great crowd and a fun,tasty selection of drinks,cocktails! I luv anything that comes in a mason jar!
5	I am by no means a big drinker - I  usually start to get tipsy after getting halfway through a glass of wine - but since I read so much about this place before my trip to Montreal I just had to stop by to try one of their cocktails. The Spiced Mango Cobbler was one of the most delicious drinks I've ever had - a little thick and creamy but not too sweet. I was expecting the bartenders to have the snooty mixologist attitude but there was none of that here. Instead they were all surprisingly friendly and down-to-earth. I'm glad I tried this place!
5	Huge fan! Drinks came in this awesome mason jar and they were all so tasty.Luckily we were only a group of 3 and we got there pretty early so we didn't really have to wait at all. The staff were so nice and accommodating!Would definitely recommend anyone visiting to come here for a nice solid drink. I can't remember which drinks I had, but when I go back, I'll be sure to update this review as soon as possible!
5	We came here for New Year's Eve while visiting Montreal and it was so wonderful. We didn't really have plans and didn't want to spend $120 on a party ticket, but saw that La Distillerie had a $20 New Year's Eve party so boyfriend and I made reservations. The drinks are fancy but not stuffy or overwhelming, and the Old Fashioned I got was delicious. Everyone who worked there, from the door man to the bartenders to the bouncer introduced themselves to us and were so warm and welcoming it felt as though we knew everyone. You can easily see that everyone who works there loves it and it made for a great party. Try the Mad Man if you like bourbon, and ask for goldfish in a mason jar.
