3	3.5 starsModern hotel in a nicely renovated space. Great location just off of Princess Street. Rooms were nice and very comfortable. My first shower was a problem as my sink didn't drain, they did fix the issue in short order, but my bathroom had a strong smell of chemicals for the rest of my stay. Prices were reasonable given the hotel and its location. The morning breakfast was a little on the expensive side (but it's 10 pounds if you book in advance) -- and the food was very good.I would certainly stay here again given the opportunity....
4	Edinburgh is one of the most magical cities I have ever visited and I fell head over heels for it during my stay. The Apex was a great hotel to stay in with a wonderful location that makes getting around a breeze. The room was amazing, the bathroom was spacious, there was ample closet space to hang up dresses for nights on the town. The bar downstairs is lovely and grabbing a cup of coffee or tea in the morning before a day at Edinburgh castle or exploring the streets is sublime. We ordered breakfast from here and room service during the middle of the night after coming home starving after a night of bar-hopping and dancing. I wouldn't say that the breakfast was worth ordering - go out and explore the bakeries in Scotland and grab a cup of coffee somewhere local. It was helpful that room service was there, though, for when we were in a pinch.One gripe - during the middle of the night there was the fire alarm went off and we were standing outside in freezing weather, some guests without shoes or coats and I wish the hotel did more for us. Even if this was routine, it woke us all up - we would have appreciated a thank you note and a glass of champagne or wine sent to our rooms.Indulge at this hotel and let them pamper you. The view wasn't great and I wished we were on the other side of the hotel, but it didn't matter much. Everything was clean and beautiful here. I would stay again.
4	Very nice hotel for a reasonable price. Rooms are very new fresh and comfortable. Breakfast is also great for a great price, very nice decor.
4	Nice clean, convenient modern business-like  hotel. Modern plumbing that works well which is especially important when you're in an old building.  We walked everywhere from here. Would come back!Near the train station and centrally located between New Town and Old Town.  Great for walking everywhere and being close to train and bus lines. The staff was competent but not friendly, except for Guiseppe at the Elliot Restaurant.
4	The hotel and facilities were fantastic. And the location is ideal, close to the shopping and major attractions. However, the hotel's staff left a lot to be desired. *Upon arrival, we had a conversation with one of the concierge, asking about the theatre. We were told she'd look into theatre options and provide what was currently on and available, assisting with tickets.  We never heard back from her. *One of the front desk staff seemed highly agitated whenever he was asked for any information or assistance. He gave the impression that he wanted to be doing anything else other than help guests.  *When checking out, we were not thanked for our business or for staying with the hotel. After spending nine nights, and plenty of money in the hotel bar, I found it appalling that our check-out consisted of a mumbled confirmation that our taxi was ordered and nothing else. Is this hotel doing so well that they do not need repeat customers and/or referrals?On a final note, the staff of the hotel bar was amazing - friendly, professional and attentive. It's too bad the front desk don't take their customer service cues from them! The reason I'm still giving the hotel a four star rating is because, as stated, the hotel itself was great. Clean, comfortable, stylish with a great location. However, for the cost of the stay, I'd expect more from front desk staff. If you don't care about customer service, then the hotel is absolutely perfect!
3	Great location - off the beaten path but close enough to walk to everything. Staff was very nice. Room was beautifully decorated. And free Wifi, which is a godsend on vacation.Unfortunately, we were not crazy about anything else at the Apex Waterloo. The room was a giant dustball and my allergies went nuts as soon as we got in the room. You could see the particles swirling under the overhead lights. We were working on our computers in the room when housekeeping came by (about 4:30pm, which surprised us) and they were in the room for literally 3 minutes. I would say it might be due to our presence, but I could hear them enter and leave the room next door and they were only in there for 4 minutes (I could see the clock on my computer).We were also a little weirded out by the lack of a top sheet on the bed, but this must be a normal thing for the region because the maids seemed really confused when we asked about it. That said, there was a four-inch gap between the top of the sheet and the mattress, which grossed me out. I'm not that germaphobic, but I really don't want to touch a mattress that's been used by hundreds/thousands of people. Beyond that, the bed itself was terribly uncomfortable and hubs and I found ourselves popping ibuprofen all day for the resulting back pain.The room service food from Elliott's was fairly mediocre, though hubs said they mixed a mean cocktail. Would not return to this hotel.
4	Really great location to use as a hopping off point for exploring Edinburgh. I also really enjoyed being next to the Balmoral, so I could go there for meals and high tea. I appreciated the modern feel to the hotel, and the bathroom/shower. My only complaint with the room was the bed was obviously two twins pushed together. Both of the beds had a dip in them in the middle, so it wasn't the most comfortable night of sleep. That said, I would definitely stay here again because of the hotel location. I don't know why so many people are saying the hotel staff are rude. I found them to quite friendly and helpful.
4	stayed here one cold night last winter, didnt get to the room til really late and had to leave super early in the morning which was a shame as I would have loved to stay in the room longer and enjoy the luxury. really nice decor inside, a cool bar on the first floor too, just really trendy. the staff on the front desk were nice too. great location for Edinburgh but of course that's reflected in the price. would definitely stay again
4	The in-laws had a significant anniversary celebration here a few months ago & until then I hadn't realised this place existed. We had a fab night so when I was pondering central locations to have some farewell drinks I thought  that this place would fit the bill. The bar is light and airy & you can sit and while away a few hours without feeling guilty about keeping a table or pressured to order more drinks. It has a lovely calm vibe to it and it's somewhere I knew friends with children would be happy with. We sat  at the bottom end of the bar with some of having lunch, folk arriving & leaving at different times & children of assorted ages in our group. Everyone was made to feel welcome by the staff, chairs and tables were moved to accommodate the waxing & waning size of our group throughout the afternoon. The food was good, the squid went down particularly well with some of our number as did the burgers. At times the service for drinks was quite slow but otherwise it was a lovely relaxed afternoon.I'd definitely recommend it for a relaxed afternoon drink. Even when it was busy it didn't feel crowded.
2	Upon first entering you can tell this is a very nice hotel.  Staff is courteous and welcoming, the decor in the lobby is gorgeous, there is a nice bar and a gorgeous chandelier that sets a very posh and sophisticated tone in the atmosphere.  For the price of the rooms, however, I was a bit disappointed.  It just didn't WOW me like I was hoping. The rooms were large but had a lot of wasted space and didn't seem laid out very well.  Our room was on the third floor, but we had to take the elevator down from the lobby, which is on the 5th floor, because the building is built into the side of a hill.  Main entrance and ground floor on one side is actually towards the top of the other side!  Because of this the view from our window wasn't great and it made the room quite dark.  We actually couldn't even really get to/see out of our window because the backboard was like a wall that blocked off about 5 feet of the window...it was just very odd.  It seems like they tried, but missed the mark, when trying to make a very old building more modern (and I mean really modern, as far as the decor goes).  This includes weird hallways with stairs and such that make navigating a bit difficult (especially when carrying in luggage).Also, parking is quite a ways away and is a bit of a hike, especially if you're coming with luggage, and this was another major downfall for me.While the hotel is a bit off of the main strip, it is still central located (right by Waverly Station) and within walking-distance of many tourist attractions and public transit options. So I guess that is one thing it has going for it (not that there weren't plenty of other hotels nearby, though...).Really, the only things I can say I was truly impressed with were the staff and the fee WiFi!  The bathrooms were nice, as well, with a large tub and shower, but quite sterile.Honestly, I can't say I would necessarily stay here again, even though there was nothing wrong with my stay...I just don't think I would want to spend that amount of money on a room of the quality I got when I stayed here.
