5	FUKU!My friend and I were headed to our old trusty Sushi Boat in Oakland and realized that Sushi Fuku had opened.  We decided to go there instead and let's just say it's added to our list of places to eat lunch at once a week.It's clean, it's new, the stuff is fresh...you can create your own sushi, you can create your own rice bowls.  My friend likened it to creating a burrito bowl at Chipotle.What I'm most impressed with are the machines that lay the rice on the seaweed wrapper and the one that cuts the sushi into 10 perfect pieces.  It loses a little authenticity because it's not done by hand BUT, it's still awesome to watch.Definitely worth a try if you're in search of sushi in Oakland.  I think it will win over the other 2 sushi places that are within steps of each other on Oakland Ave. (Sushi Boat and Oishi Bento).
3	Confusing concept and the sushi could taste much better.  Sushi Fuku is a new restaurant that just opened up in Oakland.  It's assembly line-style sushi (a la Chipotle).  I think most people will simply pick their FEATURE rolls or bowls (about $7 each), where the combinations of protein, vegetables, and sauces have already been decided for you.  I've had the pittsburgh roll and the california roll and they were both mediocre.  The vegetables and protein are not fresh, and they DRENCH the sushi in sauce.  SESAME SEEDS are lacking in the rolls, so that nutty and added flavor is missing.  You can customize your sushi too.  While their concept is advertised as being as easy as 1-2-3, it's just CONFUSING.  I'm not sure people are comfortable customizing sushi like a burrito.    In summary, I think they need to drop the customized sushi concept and improve the quality of their sushi.
5	I love this place! This is such a great concept. I love the fact that you can customize your sushi and the FUKU chips are a must have. I think I've found my new addiction. It doesn't matter whether this place is authentic Japanese sushi or not. The fact is this place is clean, fresh and produces good quality food for your money. I've been in multiple times and I have yet to be disappointed. Plus, it's kind of fun designing/customizing a different kind of sushi each time I go in.
3	One day a man had a dream.  Probably not an inspiring "I have a dream" kind of dream, but more likely a poorly understood collection of images viewed while unconscious and only vaguely remembered.  At any rate, this man woke up one day from his slumber and said, "Hey, I like Qdoba and Chipotle, but instead of burritos, could I customize rolls of extremely inauthentic sushi from limited options?  And make sure it's mostly rice."  BAM!  Sushi Fuku was born.So pick a protein, some add-ons, a sauce and a type of rice, and throw it all together in a bowl or a roll (yes, it rhymes, and yes, you can't walk 2 feet in the place without being reminded of it).  It's not bad, but once the limited novelty wears off, that's about all you can say of the place.It's sushi fast food, and though I felt it was a little overpriced (though admittedly each roll is quite large), I'll probably wind up back here.  Especially if the line is longer at Chipotle.
4	Fast service, fresh ingredient, wonderful stuff, this is the place to go.
4	This is how America does sushi!I was skeptical about this place at first... having just watched "Jiro, Dreams of Sushi" I expect an extensive variety of extremely high quality ingredients out of my sushi experience. While that isn't exactly what you'll find here, I was pleasantly surprised. The selection is limited compared to most sushi places but the quality of what they offer is very good. The price is incredible for the amount of food you get-- comparable to chipotle.Don't come here expecting gourmet sushi but do expect delicious, reasonably-priced, americanized sushi. The rolls are huge-- if two rolls typically fill you up, one here will do the trick.
4	It's fast food sushi at its finest. Choose your ingredients: protein, rice, veggies, sauce, etc. and they will 1.) Roll it up  2.) Make a rice bowl  3.) Make a salad bowl. Mine was delicious, fast and fresh. With more then I could eat (I went for bowl option). The only thing I'll pass on next time was the Fuku chips. Not my favorite. Going to try a roll next visit. I wish there was this kind of restaurant for ALL my favorite ethnic foods (is that terrible to say?) Not for every meal, but perfect for fresh. fast lunch on the go that's not your burger fast food. Can't wait to return.
4	This is the best way of having sushi rolls. Its like making sushi at home without all the work.  You pick the meat you want then add whatever you like inside.  No mess no fuss.  Its fast and its good. If you like sushi, you have to try this place.  You'll get addicted to making it with different combinations.  Its fast food Japanese style. Great concept!
4	Okay, I'm going to be totally honest - the name initially drew me to this newest addition to the Oakland sushi scene. Yeah, it's the seventh grader in me perhaps. But c'mon - the place IS named Fuku. Admit it. You just smiled. You know what else will make you smile? The sushi options here! Based on the Chipotle/Noodles & Co. approach of "choose your own adventure food," Sushi Fuku allows you to build your own rolls with options such as white or brown rice, a variety of fish (including eel - yea!) and non-fish proteins, interesting veggie choices (such as the Korean treat kimchi), and tantalizing toppings like wasabi mayo. I withheld one star only because this place gets PACKED weekdays at lunch, so you'll end up standing in line for quite a long time and probably won't find a place to sit. I also wish they had more adventurous options for the specialty rolls. Several of them aren't even made with fish. However, this is likely due to the typical Pittsburgher's less than daring palate. (Frankly, I'm surprised none of the specialty rolls are topped with fries. This is something they might want to consider for the Pittsburgh area.)Overall, this place is worth a lunchtime visit. Just try to avoid going right at noon, unless you love long lines and eating while you stand.
3	Assembly-line sushi probably goes against everything that sushi stands for...but it is also a genius business concept.The rolls here are HUGE. And...not bad! The fish was surprisingly fresh. I did think that there was too much rice on the roll (especially considering how big they get when you stuff them with two proteins and three veggies) and the rice was a little over-vinegared. But hey, for fast food sushi...I've had much, much worse. And on the plus side, if you ask for masago, they heap tons of the stuff on. Yuuum.While it's not the best sushi ever, I know I would totally come here at least once a week if I still lived in Oakland.
5	I love this place. I can't say how authentic tasting the sushi is, as I am not a sushi connoisseur. However, it is delicious!They have a load of options, even for vegetarians like me. There are some pretty nifty gadgets they use like a machine that prints rice (white or brown) onto your seaweed (or soy wrap), and an automated cutter. The price is very good, especially considering how large their rolls are ($5 for a huge vegetarian roll). They have a separate cutter for veggie only rolls (not a big deal to me, but may be important for some vegetarians). Their sauces are delicious (I've only tried sweet chili and spicy mayo). And the toppings are good as well, especially the crunchy onions. The presentation is extremely nice, and the atmosphere is very clean and modern. My wife and I loved it so much we went back the next day. Also, the staff is very friendly and will give you suggestions on what to get if asked.Overall, after not having any good sushi for the last year or more, this place has me craving it once again. I will definitely be back, and soon!
1	(This review based on eating here a few months ago, so insights might not be fresh.)I stopped in for a quick lunch with some friends and out-of-town guests. We weren't expecting much, but what we got under-performed our expectations.In a nutshell: the [white] rice was terrible. Gluey, badly cooked, nearly inedible.The topping options involve many fried foods, which I actually find kind of novel. And some of the combinations could be quite interesting, if the rice wasn't always there stealing away any enjoyment I might have derived.
5	C-U-S-T-O-M-I-Z-A-B-I-L-I-T-Y Cheeriful ownerModern decorHuge Rolls Sushi Fuku is poppin.  I got a tuna, cucumber and avocado roll.  It was stuffed with fish and veggies, unlike Qdoba and Chipotle I did not fill like I was getting jipped out of fillings. The sushi chef just kept packing it in going back for more and more tuna to add to my roll.  There was a lot to choose from.   I was a bit confused as to how to order sauces so I opted for no sauce...but next time I do believe I'll ask for wasabi mayo. Fun, spot, sells exactly what is advertised and lunch was less then $7.00.
5	So I have been here a total of 3 times in 7 days.  Sushi Fuku is legit.  I wish this business well and hope they can expand their operations into Downtown.
3	Sigh. I used to like this place a LOT when it first came out. I still advertise it to a lot of people too. But at the same time I think i've been disenchanted. After my one friend complained how little food you actually get I couldn't stop myself from feeling the same way when I visited again. I guess it makes sense for the price. The amount of rice is 2 or 3 times what it should be for the amount of meat they give you. They don't give you that much avocado either. Don't get me wrong- they're plenty generous when it comes to cucumber but that just doesn't cut it for me. I think I've become jaded. I came here on the day it opened (i had subscribed to their fb page in extreme anticipation since i had first heard about it) and it was really nice to see such a modern interior in beautiful red and black. Maybe they DID give out more meat on that day. I also liked the sauces the guy recommended...an unexpected blend of eel sauce and creamy miso? And the free nori chips they were handing out were really yummy too. But alas, I'm not sure If i'm going back for bowls anymore. Maybe rolls, since the rice is rolled up and doesn't dwarf the meat/veggies. Or maybe I should just stop whining and pay the extra $2 for more salmon.
4	The rolls are really huge and the price is really good too. Whenever I want to grab sushi I don't mind taking a bus and go to Sushi Fuku, I've evangelized my friends too :)
3	Sushi Fuku adapts the business model of Subway and Chipotle to...well you guessed it, Sushi. I like that the customer is encouraged to build their own roll, rice bowl, or salad. There is also no confusion about what is or is not available. On the other hand, the model extracts the art of being a sushi chef from the process; that is, they have a machine to bed the rice on the seaweed, a machine to cut the roll,  and the fish all comes in pre-cut rectangular prisms. (Part of the sushi experience for me is finding a sushi chef who can perfectly cut along the seam of the fish which ensures a smooth taste to the fresh fish).At Fuku, this mechanized process yields a huge roll (as you can pick three vegetable ingredients in addition to a meat or fish) with a disproportionate amount of rice at a reasonable price (my customized roll cost under $9). Which works out as the establishment is clearly target at college students.
4	I am a recent sushi convert, but I am still pretty picky when it comes to your average sushi options.  I'm pretty willing to try any protein, but I can't stand the texture of avacodo, and don't like the taste of cream cheese.  This makes finding a sushi roll I'll enjoy fairly difficult off a normal sushi menu.  I was pretty excited when I heard about this place, and have eaten there 3 times in less than a month. As far as sushi goes, the rolls are by no means the best sushi I've ever tasted, but they're reasonably priced, and fairly large.  A whole roll definitely fills me up for lunch, and I will continue to be a patron of sushi fuku, and recommend it to sushi-lovers in the area.
5	Our Office calls this place the Sushi Subway of Pittsburgh. We can't get enough of this place, the sushi rolls are the size of burritos, the ingredients are consistently fresh you can order it the way you like. The Salmon roll and shrimp tempura rolls are outstanding and the Miso soup is very good for a fast food restaurant. Finally, the staff are the friendliest group you'll meet. Its a tight squeeze inside but well worth stopping in.
4	I have to say that I love this place for a quick lunch.  If you are a sushi snob or connoisseur, do not go here.  It is not the best sushi in the city or even the block, but it perfect for what it is...a place to get a cheap, fast lunch.The build your own sushi is best option in which you pick your protein and then three vegetables and a sauce.
2	Assembly line made sushi, geared towards 'customization'. The rice is poor (not remotely seasoned) and laid too thick by their rice spreading machines. The freshness of the ingredients was acceptable, but not impressive. The roll was quite overpriced for what I got. I guess this place is alright if you want heavily Americanized sushi fast, but with Sushi Boat and Oishii Bento right on the same block, I don't know what anyone is doing eating here.
4	This is like the subway of sushi... Not the freshest, but not the worst... Been there twice and I was happy both times!
3	Interesting Concept. Build-your-own sushi roll. I like that you can choose what goes into your sushi, but you're paying too much for low quality ingredients. They're also a little skimpy on the fish and meat. The rolls are pretty large but it's mostly rice. Everything is mechanized. They use machines to spread the rice, cut the sushi, etc. That's pretty interesting to see. This place is located in a college town and that's who they're catering to, so I guess you can't expect too much.
2	I won't repeat what others already wrote about this being a fast food concept for sushi. Definitely far from good sushi, but certainly an interesting, streamlined concept. First time I have seen the machines, but definitely not something I would seek out. This is one of the first times my boys did not scarf down the rolls. You can enhance the flavor with a variety of sauces..they were a bit bland due to the rolls having so much rice.Either way, nice concept for college kids who are on the run all the time.
4	At Sushi Fuku, the power is in your hands: you get to decide between bowl or rolls, you get to pick your protein, you get to decide on which vegetables and sauces as well. It's like Subway, but for sushi. It's a quick and convenient lunch/dinner after a long day of classes or work. This interactive sushi making place is such a clever idea. I definitely recommend this if you are in the Oakland area.
5	It should be 7. I love the place - the price is good and the food is fresh. I always ordered the salad. I just hope that they will come to Squirrel Hill to open a store.
2	For months now, multiple people have pestered me and pestered me to go and try Sushi Fuku. Today, I finally did, and I have to ask...what exactly is the big deal about this place?I guess I can kind of understand the whole quickly made custom-to-order sushi thing being appealing; combine that with the prices being comparatively low, especially for the portions you get, and you have a student's dream come true. I, however, was not satisfied in the least with my meal here. I am the first to admit that I'm a complete sushi snob, so the sushi here was probably just not for me. I ordered the dragon roll and my meal appeared impressive at first, until I took my first bite. From then on, while the sushi wasn't inedible and was certainly ok, it just didn't really taste like any sushi I had come to love. 75% of every single roll I ate here was rice. Not once did I experience the usual blissful combo of rice, meat and other filling that I usually enjoy when eating my favorite food. No wonder your portions are so cheap, people - you're barely getting what I consider the best part of an order of sushi!In addition to my "meh" sushi I had an incredibly bland shrimp egg roll and a cup of flat Coke from the soda machine - so it's definitely worth just buying a bottle and skipping the machine, I think. I also went back to get a cup of water at the end of everything and water dispenser only gave me lemonade - I suspect someone put lemonade in both the water AND lemonade slots...Something tells me I may find myself eating here again at some point due to peer pressure, but I won't be going out of my way to come back on my own, I think. Sushi Fuku's just not for me.
4	As everyone else has said, this concept is amazing. Yes the proportions of rice to other ingredients is completely off, but what you get is pretty good tasting product that is health and really affordable. This kind of place is going to be in every college town and every food court in the next 10 years. I guarantee it. I ordered a salmon roll with avocado, cucumber, and jalapeno, so obviously I wasn't looking for anything amazing authentic. The taste is pretty good, better than those to go containers you see everywhere now. The only problem is the pieces are so huge you can't eat them like regular sushi unless you have a huge mouth.
3	Great place for inexpensive maki rolls. I really like that you can pick what you want to go into your roll and you can pick brown rice or white rice. The rolls are also really big. The staff is always friendly when I am ordering and the one guy always recognizes me and talks to me.
5	If you like sushi, this is your new home in Oakland. If you don't, you should probably stop by Sushi Fuku anyway. This place has everything you could want in a restaurant - tons of options, huge proportions, great prices, friendly staff and a banging rewards program. I have been going to Sushi Fuku since it opened and I have learned to really love the place. The environment is clean and welcoming and the people are so awesome. Whether you are a first time visitor or a seasoned resident of Oakland, you need to stop in.When you are ordering, you will see that you can completely customize the sushi roll exactly as you want it. If you're not sure what goes well together, they give you a few signature roll ideas on their menu. (Tip: if you are torn between two different rolls, they will let you do half and half!) The place has a very modern feel, one machine lays the rice on the seaweed wrap and then a different machine cuts the roll into perfect pieces for you at the end. Did I mention the proportions too? I have never gotten this much sushi for the low prices that Fuku offers. The rolls are massive; I feel super satisfied having a roll for dinner. When paying, you can sign up/use the rewards program that Sushi Fuku uses. This card is free to all customers. It is also extremely convenient because other places in Oakland use the same program; once you sign up at one of the locations, you are set for all the other rewards programs too! As you keep going back to Sushi Fuku, as I suspect you will, you will earn points towards free things like drinks, sushi rolls or t-shirts!! Lastly, all the employees are super friendly. No matter what mood I am, I leave with a smile on my face. They truly make Sushi Fuku a fun place to eat. Make sure you stop in and make Sushi Fuku your next favorite restaurant!!
4	These sushi rolls are huge.  I ordered two rolls and some tempura shrimp and shumai and had enough food for 3 people.  The rolls are huge.  Everything was made quickly and the result was really delicious. This place is clean, the employees were actively cleaning, sorting and organizing everything.  Very good, I would only suggest to the Fuku menu makers to maybe include some jalapeno's in the roll options.
4	I love Sushi Fuku because it is fast, fresh, healthy, and the size of the rolls make substantial meal at a great price. For vegetarians/vegans, there are lots of yummy fillings to choose from, but the featured veggie roll is a great value at 5.95. The miso soup is very tasty and cheap too, and I am told is vegan. I wish they would add a veg protein option, like tofu, but that's pretty much my only complaint.
4	I serve fast and reasonable price. Their sushi rice and roll use the machine to make. Quality of the food kind of acceptable. Hard to find parking due to down town. Clean environment.
4	Sushi Fuku is not for everyone, especially if you're looking for authentic Japanese-style sushi, but I always enjoy what I get here. They have a very unique "Americanized" selection of sushi that includes things like fried chicken or steak, which sound really weird at first, but are surprisingly delicious as sushi. You can choose between a soy wrap/seaweed wrap and white/brown rice. You also have the option to make your own sushi.At first it may seem a little pricey, but you get a roll (10 LARGE pieces) of sushi and it's pretty worth the price. Everything is always made very quickly and the staff are patient and friendly. My favorite is the Korean sushi with steak and kimchi. They have drinks, side dishes (like miso soup and kimchi) and mochi ice cream. Although I haven't tried the sides, and I'm not sure how many mochi you get, $1.50 for mochi ice cream isn't too bad--especially you can't really find it anywhere else in Oakland. Their drinks are a bit overpriced, but again, you can't really find ramune (Japanese soda) and brands of Japanese green tea unless you go to Asian markets in the Strip.
4	How this place provides food is like Chipotle  in sushi version. You have 3 options: roll, bowl or salad. Forget about any sushi you have ever tried. Here, you can use your imagination to create your own sushi, just mix and match meat and vegetable you like. But the food may turn out weirded or amazing..who knows. Or if you don't want to take a risk, they have a typical sushi menu to serve you. No worry. :)
4	Sushi Fuku is excellent quality, make your own, quick sushi. This is not a fancy sit down sushi restaurant. Sushi Fuku is fast and always delicious. The staff are very friendly and quick to help guide you through your sushi experience. The restaurant is very clean, and also has a rewards program. For every sushi roll you buy, you get one point. Ten points amounts to a free sushi roll. Overall, some of the best sushi I have ever had, and you can not beat the price.
4	The Concept: Sushi done Subway/Chipolte style. 've been to Sushi Fuku twice now. I've been more then satisfied by both rolls that i've had here. The workers are very nice, and idk about other people, but the lady working put a ton of meat and veggies into mine. The ingredients tasted fresh and even my fiance, who isn't a sushi fan, said it was very tasty. I got the rainbow roll with spicy mayo on it, and I honestly don't remember what i had the firs time, but it was tasty as well. I will probably come here again if i am in the general area and in the mood for sushi. I will make my own concoction next time!
5	I've seen a lot of mixed reviews about this place. It's clean, roomy, and has an enjoyable atmosphere. Yes, you can make your own sushi combinations, and some may be gross but the orderer is responsible for their combinations. They have a good selection of featured rolls which didn't disappoint anyone in my group. The staff was friendly and I enjoyed my meal very much.
1	Today I had a chicken teriyaki bowl and it had the worst chicken in it- that I have ever had. The food was cold. Low grade gristley meat- made this disgusting.
5	Sushi Fuku has to be the most put together single location restaurant  I've had. They sell amazing sushi and rice bowls. Hands down the best rice.
5	Large portions, really fresh and great prices! I went a little before the lunch rush, was able to get a seat and enjoy. Got a Philly Roll and a side salad!
5	This place is absolutely brilliant.As mentioned, if you are going for "authenticity", go elsewhere. If you want real authenticity, stop looking in an American city. This restaurant is another great take on the make-as-you-like meals. If you want a small maki, again, this is not the place for  you. However, for a roll that functions as a small sandwich, this is wonderful!I very much recommend, and I only wish they had vegetable tempura!
4	I mean it's subway for sushi, what's better than that! I really enjoyed their rolls and bowls. I also like that they have the option for brown rice too, and they have a good array of vegetables to choose from. They go heavy on the sauce, so be careful when ordering some. You could always get it on the side as well. Good concept and good food, and they're opening one closer to CMU's campus too! It's also great for vegans/vegetarians!
5	Great sushi huge portions friendly talkative staff got a huge 10 piece spicy tuna avocado roll for only $7
3	Almost a year after my first visit to Sushi Fuku I decided to give the place another shot. And I have to say, this time around the food I got was much better! I'd give them a 3.5 if I could since the meal wasn't quite "Yay I'm a fan" worthy, but they're still a step or two above just being "a-ok."My biggest complaint last time was the mix of rice vs. protein and vegetables in my sushi - specifically that my sushi was almost entirely rice, which isn't what I want in my sushi rolls. If I want rice, I'll order rice, and I certainly won't pay $7 - $10 for it! Fortunately my last visit earlier this week was much better than that first visit - I enjoyed an order of their Rainbow Rolls that was not 70% rice, and in fact featured exactly the right balance of rice vs. other ingredients. The result was that while my sushi wasn't the freshest or greatest on the planet, it was certainly much more enjoyable than round one had been. I actually sat and savored that meal in Sushi Fuku, since they weren't super busy while I was there. I left feeling content and satisfied, and finally understanding why people get the appeal of coming in and ordering customizable sushi rolls. (Of course the catch with creating your own is that the ingredients won't necessarily mix and stick together well - one benefit of a standard menu is that it's been tested for things like that.) I still don't think they're necessarily the best or even cheapest sushi in the area - just depending on exactly what you order - but at least now I know that if I stop in and order sushi again I won't just be paying for a whole lot of rice with a dash of fish and vegetables. I'll definitely consider stopping in in the future.
5	Delicious, large portions and friendly service.  Always my favorite place for lunch and dinner, plus they sometimes have great specials on bowls! If you've never had sushi before, if you love it, or even tolerate it as a food option, hit up this place!
