4	I made a quick trip to Northlake Mall today & decided to finally check out Tevana. I love tea & really want to start drinking more of it for the health benefits.  It was almost 11 AM & it seemed a bit strange that there wasn't any customers going in or out of the store. I noticed an employee standing near the front entrance.When I walked up, the employee was very nice & approachable. I explained to him I wanted to see what the store had to offer & he immediately had me try some samples (they have "sample stations" set up around the store).  He spoke very intelligently about each sample, as well as told me about all the tea infusers, kettles, & tea pot options.  My head was swirling with all this information! I settled on Youthberry.What's neat about the shop is all the loose tea is in tin containers against the back wall. Teas are priced differently, but sold by 2 oz. each. Needless to say, this can get pricey.  Also, you have to initially buy a canister for the tea - which holds 1 lb. - for $7.00. A little goes a long way though - you only use a teaspoon of the loose leaf tea, per 8 oz. of water (mug).As far as customer service goes, the manager there (who helped me) is top notch. He knows his store & knows his teas! He wasn't pushy on me buying anything & was honest.  The store is neatly organized.  You can also purchase cups of hot/cold tea to go, as well.They offer some discounts the more tea you buy. You also get a discount when you bring the canister(s) back in & purchase more tea.Tea & coffee are a big business whether it's going out to get it or doing it yourself at home.  If you love tea, go to Teavana.
3	I love Teavana teas but the store employees in this area are always sketchy. Most employees here are nice but a particular one (could be the manager) stands behind the counter and tells the others to follow you as if you're about to rob the store.The counter person is ALWAYS glaring at you and is fake nice, like 'Mean Girls' snotty nice. So each time I have to go in I make it a quick in and out but I make sure to sip on a sample of one of their delicious teas :) Overall, it's so awkward and never a pleasant experience for me at this location. This one is closer to where I live so it holds the convenience factor but I prefer ordering online.
5	Teavana has a great mix of popular teas.  The combined flavors have a soothing fragrance and a fantastic taste.  I am currently drinking samurai chai mate/maharaja chai oolong and it is delicious with a bit of sugar!  The store has a variety of tea-related accessories.  I suggest purchasing the larger sized Teavana Perfect Teamaker esp. if you will be making tea for more than one person.
1	Teavana made the best ever tea, Earl Gray Cream and now they have changed it for worse!Now you have to use twice as much and the second cup you cannot drink as its so weak.  NOT A GOOD CHANGE, put it back to what it was and keep the quality up, dont try to save money by using cheaper and making it weaker so you have to use more.  BAD BAD MOVE!
1	Hey Teavana at Northlake:  PLEASE put up a sign about your products containing nuts!  I had no idea tea even could have nuts in it!  But I found out the hard way when a chai I tried at the tasting station had almond flakes brewed into it.  LIST THE NUT INGREDIENTS AT YOUR TASTING STATIONS.  Your corporate office says that you're supposed to do this.  But this was not the case for your MAHARAJA CHAI/SAMURAI CHAI tea blend.  Thankfully I didn't have an allergic reaction but someone else may not be so lucky.
1	While my issue was resolved it was not thanks to the store - which should of been more helpful than they were - read on if you want to know about poor customer service.Yes, in retail you have to expect the store will up-sale - that is usually a retail tactic in most specialty stores - since the traffic is not the same as say a utilitarian product.  But when I the customer walked in there specifically asking for one tea - with a strong cinnamon flavor - AND NO SUGAR, I expect to walk out with at least that.  Now, I repeated myself multiple times - and I was assured that the two teas I was buying (to make one) was sugar free. I knew I was being up-sold and that is my own fault for not sticking to my guns.  But when I went home and tried the tea - it was super sweet (since I have a sugar dietary restriction). IT HAD SUGAR!  Since the store was not open yet - I called corporate and informed them I did not have my receipt.  They informed me since it was this past Sunday - that the store could look it up and they have a 90 day return policy.  I called the store when they opened and gave them the heads up that corporate recommended.  When I get to the store the clerk informed me NO they can't look up the receipt and I can't just return it only exchange it.  I demanded she call corporate to straighten the mess out - she called her manager and when offered the manager to talk to me they did not.  Then she proceeded to tell me that I could call that number.  I said fine please call customer service then - she said no she cannot. I had thought I didn't have my cell phone - when I asked her may I borrow her phone to call her company customer service - she said she wasn't allowed.  So, I was leaving hot explaining to her this is the 2nd wasted trip and I am beyond mad.  On my way to the car I found my cell,  marched in there,  and called corporate customer service in front of her and explained that I was mad and why I was mad - this is lousy customer service and I demand a refund - or I will dispute the charge. This person at corporate was nicer and did help tremendously - he had corporate call the store and then they tried to give me a gift card -  Again I reiterated NO - I want a refund : A) I have wasted my time with a salesperson who does not now their product  B) The store itself was not willing to call their own corporate or let me on their own phone to do so - no way will I take that I want nothing to do with them.  Then corporate had told her to call the regional manager - at which time she only explained the mistake of the actual sales and did not explain the they did not call corporate or would not on my behalf.  I did get my refund -  which they figured more than they charged me - at which point I had them make it close to the amount.  All Retail Sales Associates Should know this:  A) know your product  B) put yourself in the customers shoes and exercise good judgment when you admit a mistake was already on you - service your customer - do not let it get to this point. You're a specialty store - customer service and listening to the customer can make or break you.   1 bad experience is told over and over and so is the case with this story - I did not need this aggravation.
4	Really like this store!  The only downside is that this location at Northlake is a lot smaller than some of the other locations. But the fragrances hit you as soon as you enter the store and immediately make you feel calm and relaxed. There are samples throughout the store to try all the variety of teas. There's no pressure to buy anything from the sales people; but they're so knowledgeable that you want to feel better by purchasing the teas that taste so good from all the samples. Plus they sweeten the teas with beet root; never sugar!!Everyone should visit at least once. A great place to experience.
5	I absolutely love Teavana! Their teas are delicious! Variety is endless! I love how they let you smell the tin of tea. Which usually has dried fruits and such in it. It's so heavenly! Make sure you have some self control before you go in there! Lol
