4	Purchased this via TravelZooWas really excited about getting to check out the local hot clubs on our recent trip to VegasThe company was very quick and efficient when it came to confirming and emailing when I had questions.The week of the party bus, they called and emailed me and we were all set.Each week changes where the party bus takes you. For our trip we went to Lily Lounge, The Bank, Vanity and 1Oak.Lily LoungePRO: Met up at Lily Lounge and were given 2 for 1 drink coupons. It was great! We were able to have a few before we left to go to the first club.CON: We were late in getting out of the lounge to hit up The BankThe BankPRO: First experience with VIP, and it was the best thing ever. Got in and was able to get on the floor and danceCON: Only here for about 40 minsThe music was kinda of house-y (prefer hip-hop) but not a total bust, it was still good1st wait for bus. Had to wait about 15 mins to get on the busBUSPRO: Each bus had about 15 people on it. We weren't too packed/crowded and the hostess had great music. Loved our hostess. She was from the Bay Area and had music we play back home. She was really friendly and we could tell loved her job.CON: Advertised was unlimited "imbibe in unlimited alcoholic and nonalcoholic drinks, including vodka, whiskey, beers, mixers, sodas and water" They had tonic water, one bottle of cranberry juice and one big bottle of vodka. We were kinda bummed since the guys with us are beer drinkers. We all made due with the vodka but we weren't the only ones bummedVanity @ Hard RockStart with CON: Had to walk a bit from bus to club. In heels, this kinda suckedOnly had about 1 hour here and based on my PRO, it was hard to leave here so soonPRO: This club was one of the BEST. The lines weren't ridiculous for drinks and the music was off the hook. They played alot of West Coast music and you couldn't help but want to get up and danceBUSWalked right up and on the bus. Had more vodka and by now, people were really loosened up and it was truly a party bus, including lap dances and allLast club, 1OakONLY PROS: This club's energy was amazing, the music was great and we were able to stay as long as we wanted. A little bit of a wait to get in but not enough to have it be a con since we were in VIP and others had to wait so much longerI would definately recommend Night Train (and already have) to anyone that wants to do the Vegas scene. It was such a great experience especially for the price we paid. The only reason I didn't give it 5 Stars was the drinking situation on the party bus but I can't wait to go through them again...maybe try the package that includes the pool parties.
5	I LOVE Night Train! We chose the 6 venue/2 day package. My girls and I had a BLAST!Thurs- Day 1:11 am - pool party @ Liquid Pool Lounge at Ariathen meet the tour crew at 10pm at The Deuce Lounge , Ariathen at around 11 head over to Haze , AriaFri-Day 2:11 am- pool party @ Hard Rockthen meet up at 9:30 at Lily Lounge then at around 10 we headed over to The BankDay 1 was THE BEST DAY EVERR! Day 2: the pool party was cool and Lily and The Bank were EH but hey I don't blame that on Night Train at all. What made it better was that we paid only $49 (per person) for the tour through Groupon. But I would definitely pay the full price next time if I had to ($99) It's sooo worth it! :-D
3	I also bought my voucher from Groupon, but ifyou call the company they will honor the Groupon price directly.  Very nice.We met our hostess at the Lily Lounge at the Bellagio where we received 2 for 1 drink tickets yay!   After that it was off to The Bank where things went a little off the rails.  Several WOMEN in our group were denied access because thier heels were not high enough.  I know some readers will assume they were dressed poorly or did not know what to wear to a club but I assure you they were all wearing club-style dresses and nice shoes (no flip-flops or anything) but if your heels were under 3" the awful bouncers would not let you in.  Unfortunately our hostess could do NOTHING despite her "relationship" with the club except remind us over and over that their website states "club attire".  While I know it is relatively common for men to be denied entrance in Vegas (for wearing gym shoes, t-shirts, etc) I have never experienced this level of scrutiny or rudeness towards women.  They all ended up in tears.  Even more strange was the women wearing pants got in no problem (because their shoes were covered?) and really what did the shoes matter when the stafff knew we would be in the club no longer than an hour due to the fact that we were on the train?  Horrible.  Humiliating.I do not blame the Night Train people, but considering that we met our hostess an hour before The Bank opened it would have been nice if she had noticed any issue with anyone's outfit so that they could have the opportunity to change.Things improved when we got on our stretch SUV.  Other groups had beer kegs on their busses but we were provided with warm well vodka and cranberry juice.  The people on our bus were fired up and ready to party so we had a blast on the way to the next club- Vanity at the Hard Rock.  I liked Vanity- there was a dance floor and also more of a lounge area.  Music was good, crowd was energetic, confetti rained from the ceiling.  Last stop was LAX at the Luxor which was pretty ghetto- the crowd, the music, the basthroom...  All in all I think Night Train was worth the money, but it is hard to be overly enthusiastic about the experience.
1	This sucked!!!  It shows on their website a nice party bus but instead they provided a big CHEAP bus, with NO music playing!!! They had the radio on and mostly commercials played...And when they say open its BULLSHIT!!!  Unless you think a cheap bottle of Popov vodka and cranberry juice is open bar...   EWE!!!Then the clubs were still over crowded and you still had to wait in line!SOOO NOT WORTH IT!
4	If you want a good time while your out here this is worth it. Hit some pool parties, lounges and clubs and get quick entrance. I didn't utilize second day but still worth it if you get discount on living social or groupon. otherwise you can always find people on the street tryna get you into places
5	If you're going to Vegas.....this is the way to go!!!  We found a deal on livingsocial and could not pass it up.  We decided to work with the company itself and they gave us the deal without us going through living social.  The staff we worked with (danielle and alexis) were so nice and so great to work with.  We had no problems with our group of 10 getting this promotional deal...getting on lists...and getting into the lounges and clubs.  I only wish we could of spent more time at the lounges to enjoy the drink specials...by the time we got in we could only spend about 20-30 minutes before we had to meet up and head to the club.  They personally walk you over to the club which is usually in the same hotel as the lounge...bypass the lines...get right into enjoy the night!  Other than that, I think this company is great and would love to work with them I the future!!
1	My friends and I bought the groupon for the party bus package. We made a reservation six months in advance. When they contacted us 3 days before our party bus date, we found out that they messed up our reservation. We got some lame excuse about how they were over-full and couldn't accomodate our group because all of their hosts were on vacation. Yeah, more like they didn't want to add another bus for only 11 people when it holds 20 and we paid a discounted rate through Groupon. Poor business practices!!
5	I loved this! Great experience! They answer Any questions! I would love to try the party buss!!!! I decided to surprise my husband for his birthday and do this and had such a great experience! Our host was so sweet. She texted us making sure we knew the location and after I told her we were going to be a little late she was more then accommodating. She walked up up to One Oak and we walked right in! It was Great! I would recommend this to anyone!Also on another note i have NEVER used a service like this before and I Totally want to try this for a girls weekend! Im so excited!
5	My girlfriend and I went on the tour this past weekend and it was SO much fun.  We got into 3 clubs with out waiting and it was DA BOMB.  And the party bus was a awesome, free drinks and stripper poles what else!!
4	Me and a buddy went on a club crawl on Night Train on 07/12/2013.  Easy check in at  Revolution lounge, 2 for 1 well drinks from 10 to 1030, liked Revolution and seemed like we left when it was starting to get some people in it.  First club was 1oak.  This was my favorite of the night along with many of the people in the group.  Great music, decent dance floor, pushy security, crowded, expensive drinks which is everything you expect out of a vegas club.  From there we got on the bus and headed to Hard rock.  Drinks were good, music was good, and a great time to meet all those in the group while in route to the next local.  Next club Body English, which was a severe disappointment.  The music is the same beat for like 30 mins with other over the top.  Bathrooms made a back alley look like Caesars palace, so much piss on the floor was gross.  I actually left and hit the casino tables until time to meet up.  Many in our group mentioned how they disliked this club.  Night Train should remove this leg from their itinerary.  Next on the bus and to the next club at Caesars.  Same bus experience, drinks, music, and convo.  Arrived at Pure and place was packed!  Very nice place with a great view on second floor.  Music was pretty good and a good crowd.  Overall we had a great time with the exception of Body English .  Going right in was great and bus ride was a good time as well.  Will recommend to anyone visiting vegas and want to have a fun night.
1	Still trying to sort out this mess!First of all, we bought a Friday Only Groupon. We then registered for the date on their website's registration page. Just to be safe, I email their Director of Operations. Firstly, he email I got back stated that the bus wasn't even running on the Friday we had chosen, something that wasn't mentioned anywhere on their website or the Groupon. Secondly, she stated that "When you buy your groupon there is no way for you to register for a certain date." Why, then, on their website's registration page, was there drop down options for Party Bus, Groupon, *and* the weekend that is unavailable. We both then got another page that said our reservations had been confirmed, complete with a 'Congratulations!' I will most definitely be calling their 1888 number. I would like both an explanation for all of this confusion and either a complete refund for the groupons or another arrangement made.
1	Disappointed that the host didnt take pictures and that the party bus was like a limo with no pole. Recommend party bus tours lasvegas, way better time and tons of pictures taken!
2	We were in Vegas for a friends Bachelorette party and wanted to do the whole party bus experience we bought a deal on travelzoo! I can't say that I was completely bummed but it defiantly was not what we thought and I would not book with them again. I'll start with the prosPros: -inexpensive way to get around the strip especially with 8 girls & experience different clubs-2 for 1 drink coupon at the first location-good music and fun crowd on the party bus-the hostess was fun-good communication via text messages about agenda & timesCons:-the  bus was nothing great small and no stripper pole or much room-drinks we're not really "open bar" as they state it's 2 mix drinks and a couple beers-the drinks were horrible (vodka cran made with Popov vodka seriously gross & I think the other was a whisky tonic)-I felt like we did more walking than driving or dancing! They made you walk a block to get on the party bus-we were told not to be late getting back on the party bus or we'd be left behind and we rushed out of one club only to wait on them 15 minsWe started out at Revolution lounge which was fun, then walked over to 1 Oak which was fun but we walked quite a bit to get there...after we got done at 1 Oak we had walk again a good distance to get out of the casino and then around the block to board the tiny "party bus" which had awful drinks which I stated above. We then went to LAX which was miserable it was way way to over crowded and hot! We ended up leaving to grab a bite to eat before heading to the next destination. Anyway I would not recommend this company I did see a really awesome fun looking party bus that was 2 stories with stripper poles etc...on our walk to our tiny bus the company was SinCity I'd check that place out first!!!
