4	They welcome walk ins!I have been here three times in the last two months. I haven't tried any of the other nail salons in the area because I don't see a need to when Diva nails does a great job!Service is very friendly and prompt. They can do any crazy design you'd like to try out : )
4	I love this place!  Always a great job for services and the staff is always friendly and nice.  I'm pushing 2 weeks plus with my gel nail polish and they still look pristine. I see true care and consideration for their clients. One week, a nail tech and I had a conversation about work.  During my next treatment, she asked me questions regarding our conversation - I could believe she remembered!  All facets of their business are spot on and I would refer them to anyone!
5	I walked in and received a wonderful gel manicure two weeks ago. The staff was so sweet, down-to-earth, and welcoming. The price was the same as other nail salons in the area, but the atmosphere and quality of professional work certainly set them a part. I will definitely be back.
1	Awful service!!! A friend and I went to get mani/pedis. Cost me $116.00, yes we did get a full set put on but that is way too much. Anyways they did my nails over myself while she was doing my feet, didn't place a towel down and got it all over my cuticles and on my jeans. I went back the next day an asked to if they would either take it off and give me my money back or re-do them to my liking. She told me no to both.  I told her I wasn't just going to leave then she called me a bitch. I will never go back!!  Awful experience wouldn't recommend.
1	Please Don't go to this nail salon! I dont usually do online reviews but in this case i had to!  The people who work there are so rude. They don't ask about your day, they don't smile, say hi or say thank you, they hate it if you ask for a design on your nail. If you want to be yelled at, this is your place!! I am a stickler on politeness and good manners, these ladies are terrible. I almost cried. Kim and the other female nail technician are just awful at making the customer feel good or appreciated! Give your money to people who are nice! It's not worth the harrasment.
1	Ignore the fake good reviews. These people are rude and have terrible customer service. They don't deserve your business. They try to hide bad reviews! Its unfair to the consumer.
