2	I tried Kisses this last Friday because a friend gave me a coupon.  $17.99 for a pedi.  They were busy...too busy for my taste.  What do I expect on a Friday afternoon?  Most salons are probably busy because of the weekend...chicks got to get their toes spiffy.  It's not a large place and is crowded with equipment and tables.  I did not like the fancy pedi chairs either, if you do the roller on it, it makes your body jut out almost a good foot when the rollers go by.  Because of the crowd, it felt like a rushed assembly line.  Not a relaxing environment at all.My pedi...eh.  She talked me into a callus treatment, which I did need, but she was a little to boisterous on the right foot, I had an open sore a day later.  I also had some blood residue on the sides of both of my big toes.
2	The first thing I noticed after being seated in the pedacure throne, is that its really cramped. Spinning this positively, I would say they make great use of their real estate.And LOUD.  This place gets loud when its busy.The pedicure wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.  I was having a hard time understanding my lady, but then again I don't understand a lot of people.One lady was working in a nice black dress.  She sounded a lot like Anjelah Johnson.  "Oh huney... you so per-tty.. like mah-duhl."So, no, I don't plan on coming back, unless I'm in a pedi bind.Now for the hammer.  The sign on their window states "$17.99 Pedicure". However, they charged my wife and I twenty-dollah.  And, no, we didn't get anything ec-tra.As Kip Dynamite would say: "Geeze, that place was a rip off!"
2	Not happy
4	I like to try new places out and this is by my work so I thought I would give it a try. I got a pedi, a lip/eyebrow wax, and had some acrillyc nails removed I just did not want to maintain them anymore. This place is not fancy at all...a basic salon but I got one thing here that other salons do not do. And that is friendly, fast service. I was kind of in a time crunch so they were very efficient in getting all my services done and out of there. The woman who did my pedi spoke some english (yeah) and she did a good job with my feet. While my pedi was getting done another tech soaked my hands in nail polish remover to get the acryllics off. Then while seated someone came over and did my wax, all without even leaving my chair. All the ladies here were VERY polite and appreciative of my business. I got 3 services done and was out of there in 1 hr 15 min. I was happy with all my services and all the ladies there were professional and friendly. I will definitely be back.
5	I really like this place. The people are very nice. I recently made the mistake of going somewhere else playing into the hype of being pampered in a "girly" setting. Paid way too much and hated it. I went the next day to have kisses fix the problem. I am now a loyal customer. They may be small and it may get crowed in there, but the work they do is great. They do try to "upsale" you but they are in a business to make money. And the services they offer is only a benefit to you. Thank you Kisses! See you in a couple of weeks!
4	I like to sample nail salons..... Paid for $30 pedicure (included sugar scrub and callus removal) it was nice. I've gone back twice.
4	I really like this place. Sure, it is true that it is a very crammed, no frills establishment. Not spa like at all so you will be disappointed if you want that environment. They do your facial waxes all out in the open for all to see, which is a little awkward. And kids are welcome - which was great for me today, as I just needed a quick polish change and had my 3 yr old in toe. I was VERY apprehensive about bringing my son but I figured it would be quick. They were just so great about it and made me and my son feel welcome and at ease. Just know there is a possibility kids could be there so that is something to consider.All that being said, the customer service is fantastic. Always a warm welcome. Always a thank you when I leave. I for one really appreciate when a business owner makes me feel like a valued customer. Nail salons are a dime a dozen and I could go anywhere to spend my hard earned money. I like coming here because I like how I'm treated (seems simple enough but more often than not, businesses do not get this concept).The prices are very reasonable too. They do a great job.
4	went to get a pedicure and ended up getting a polish change on my hands. Trisha was awesum, she did extra long massage on my legs and was just all around a nice woman. no frills but id rather get a good deal and someone who does a good job than pay more for a cruddy pedicure. Ill be back!
2	If you don't mind smelling leftovers and sitting in a disgusting environment with a massage chair that doesn't work, this is the place for you. I think I counted 21 fake dusty floral arrangements (none of which matched) in their super cramped hallway space used as a shop and a fish tank overgrown with algae.  Should I mention that the furniture really needs a makeover, and that they have bins cluttered with who the _____ knows in every unoccupied space?!  Seriously, what is that?  Are those last year's Frye's ads and someone's dirty socks?I still rate it 2 stars, instead of one, because the workers were really friendly and seemed to know everyone who came in to the shop.BTW, my pedicure was a botch job. She was evening picking at a piece of my skin with her fingernail.  I tried to be polite when I said, "Please leave it. I like it there."I never like writing bad reviews, unless if I really dislike something, so sorry. This place is gross.
4	Probably not the prettiest shop, but super friendly... they get to know you by name just after a few times. If your nail breaks or a issue they will fix for free with no arguing. The only negative thing I can say, I am not a huge fan of two of the ladies nail art or how they do a pedi. I just stay clear of them. I love Julie and Jillian.
1	This was the most unsanitary place I have ever been to! I left there feeling gross and unclean. Number one rule of salons, sanitation! On top of that they have a huge fish in a tank barely bigger than it. Can u say animal cruelty!!!
2	Unfortunately I need to downgrade my rating. I still think the service is great. Very friendly. However, there are some big things I'm noticing when I go back that really bother me...It's increasingly cluttered and dirty. And most of the nail polish looks old and rancid.I get a basic mani and pedi here, which was working fine for me. Each time they would try to upsell me to gel, and finally I gave in.So at 3x the price for my normal manicure, they told me it would last for 3 weeks. Hardly. 4 days later, the polish on my thumbs were totally chipped and there were lots of air bubbles that popped up. Being that I had French, the bubbles look black on my nails. So I went back to have it fixed.The girl did a really sloppy job. Polish is too thick. My polish is already peeling up and it's only been a week.I already knew that their products are old so I would bring my own nail polish. But now I'm irritated because I feel like I was talked into gel and it only lasted as long as my regular manicure because they are using crappy old product (high probability) and the gel was poorly applied (lack of skill).So, if i need something basic done for cheap and fast, I'll still go here. But if I need a quality job done, I'm going to pay a little more and go somewhere else.
