3	We were fortunate to find this restaurant while out exploring scenic State Route 88. The road turned out to be much slower than we had planned so Apache Lake Resort was a welcome lunch stop. Six of us visited and ordered from the menu. All enjoyed their meals. The menu has a variety to choose from and the dining area has lots of glass facing the lake. We would dine here again.
5	I love this lake. Well worth the drive. Don't let theRoad scare you. The restaurant has great food. If youhaven't experienced a weekend at the lake now is a good timeTo try it. Thanks to the staff for the great service.
5	Oh baby, this is my favorite lake in the entire state.  It's positively gorgeous here.I spent my summers as a kid at Apache and to me, it's better than any staycation at any of the resorts in town.  Skiing, wake boarding, tubing - so much more fun than any lazy river!  Jet skiing all day and waking up with every body part totally sore and sunburned, frizzy hair, a tad bit of a hangover and grabbing a cold beer with breakfast, ready to do it all over again - that to me is the perfect idea of summer.  I've been here twice already this summer and I plan on spending every weekend I can here.  Typically, I'm a camping girl and love to camp.  However, I grew up on this lake with all the comforts of having a trailer until they tore them down in 2002.  So, I am accustomed to certain amenities (like A/C) when I come to the lake and I stay at the hotel instead.  The hotel is acceptable.  Ten steps up from camping.  We spend all day out on the lake, come inside for a nice cold shower, throw on a sundress and head to the bar for some drinks, meet up with old friends, laugh, dance, make out.  SO.MUCH.FUN!**Pros CampingRV hookupshotelrestaurant that cooks the best biscuits and gravy I've ever had in my lifebarstorewet slips for $12 a daygorgeous scenery that makes you happy when you look at itparty coveboat storageincredibly, incredibly friendly people working hereIt's too far away for all of the douchebags in their daddy's boats to come visit**Conshaven't you been paying attention?  There are none!
2	Apache Lake is beautiful and so much fun. This review is specifically for the "resort." Fortunately, when you're at the lake you don't have to spend much time in the rooms so I will keep this short and sweet... BRING YOUR OWN BEDDING and try not to touch anything. You have been warned.
