5	This is my favorite sandwich shop in Las Vegas. I love the little mayo/musturd spread that they have. They have many locations around Las Vegas, check this place out and give it a try.
2	Popped in here for lunch yesterday because I was in the area.  I ordered a footlong #1 on White Bread (Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese)....see pics.  It was lunch time and I thought it would take a while to make the Sammie....but it didn't take them long.Unfortunately, the Sammie didn't taste all that good.  I don't know, it was kind of bland and was light on the toppings.  It's strange because I usually enjoy a Port of Subs Sandwich.  Maybe I caught them on an off day.Overall, I wasn't satisfied with my meal.  Return Factor - 30%
5	Fast, friendly service even though they were crazy busy. Our sandwiches were tasty like usual. Love the smoked cheddar cheese!
4	Better than subway, jersey mikes and Quiznos!
5	What I love about Port of Subs is the consistency in the sandwiches at all locations.  I tend to treat this location as my kitchen since when I'm too busy to buy groceries or generally lazy I just stop in for breakfast for lunch.  I do love the freshly sliced meats and ingredients along with great service.  I know this location gets busy but they always remember my order and even speed through the grillers I order on a regular basis.  If you're looking for a sandwich place with friendly service, made to order, and plenty of options this is the place.
4	When I was 15 I got my first job at a California based sandwich shop. Since moving to LV I have never really been satisfied with sandwich shop options because they didn't match up to my CA favorite. I do believe I can say Port of Subs comes pretty damn close.Their prices are very reasonable. The food is fresh and consistent and they slice the meat to order.This location has a great staff. They are busy at lunch because of the offices around the neighborhood. You can expect to wait from noon till about 1:30, however the line moves quick. I appreciate that they have everyone manning a station and everyone knows their responsibilities so there isn't a delay. My favorite is #8 - Turkey and Provolone or #18 - Turkey, Roast Beef and Provolone. You can order online also. If you have a big order, place it online :)I'll certainly be back!
4	They have an awesome touch screen soda machine.
2	Picked up some Port-O yesterday and ordered my usual #5 smoked turkey, ham and cheese.  The bread unfortunately was a little stale and they barely put any meat on it.  I never really had any issues when I've been to other locations.  Anyways, I ordered the combo with chips and a drink.  The soda machine is like this crazy handy dandy futuristic machine that looks like it would be able to grab the cup out of your hand, fill it up and say thank you have a nice day.  Pretty cool.  With three people working, the customer service lacked a little bit of friendly but hey all I want is a sandwich and go -not any big conversations anyway.
4	I go to PoS a fairly decent amount. This is probably my most visited location since I work across the street. The food is good. Always fresh, lettuce is always crispy unlike some locations. The staff is knowledgable and in over 3 years have never messed my order up. They also have one of those mix machines where u can customize your drink so that's a favorite. The cons are really something that they don't control but have to be addressed. The area it's at is filled with several business offices. This means early in the morning and at lunchtime it gets super busy and the wait to get your sandwich is ridiculous. It also is a giant pain in the a** to park. There's also times on the weekend when there's summerlin events goin on and seating is hard to get to. Quick roundup: if you go at most times, you'll have a 5 star experience, but at peak periods it drops down to a 3 star
3	A-OK is all I can say. This location is always full of teenagers. I think it is a high school hangout. I am cool with high schoolers but would rather not here all details of their life. I just want my sandwich and I want to get out.One thing I do love is that you can order online and they will have it ready when you get there. This is a great way to avoid high school drama. They are pretty good about making sure the orders are correct.One thing they should really watch is the bread. It is the vessel for the entire meal. When the bread is stale it ruins the meal. They are also a little chinsy with the toppings. This is supposed to be a sub sandwich, bursting with fresh veggies and meat. I hate when you have to ask for more lettuce and they look like they will kill you. Maybe it is a high school thing. They are always in a rush to get you through because they usually have friends in the line right behind.
3	I've been coming here since they opened. Great quality, but very rushed and not as people friendly. I felt rushed through today and wasn't even offered anything to carry my drinks to the car :-/ Very low quality of concern for the customer! Quality is nice though and it's open later than most Port of Subs!
4	Quick accurate and friendly service. The sandwiches were made as requested.
3	One of my frequent stops when I want a sub. I like how they slice the meat and cheese fresh to order. I usually order the turkey and pastrami when I go here. They make pretty good subs, as far as sub shops go.The staff is very friendly at this location. They also have an iPhone app to order ahead of time so you won't have to wait in line to order.I would recommend you try this place.
1	SLOW.  Took 20 minutes and only 3 people in line.  Workers were distracted talking about person stuff and call in orders, which caused them to not remember orders.  Workers kept apologizing, so they are nice, but I will go to a different store with family.  If it is going to take this long, I will can have a nice sit down meal for the 9$ it costs for a meal deal.  Sandwiches are fine, just to slow to go to. The best locations are at the Village Circle store and the location at Lake Mead and Rampart.
1	I just couldnt have any worse time while i was there. I was given the wrong change and then they argued to me about it for an hour and then I found the bread to be old and kinda flaky.
5	I came in last Sunday to visit my favorite sandwich shop. Ever since I moved to Arizona, I've been craving a nice port of subs sandwich. I came in around 7:30 pm to grab a bite to eat and was greeted very kindly by a girl and a gentleman. The girl prepared my sandwich just as I wanted and she even took the time to ask me how my day was going and engage in conversation which was very sweet. The gentleman who rang me up was very sweet as well. Overall great service and a very tasty sub.
1	I generally use yelp to discover new places that have good reviews. I'm actually writing one of my first reviews because of how disappointed I am. I love port of subs but I really hate this location. I came in today to get a sandwich which seriously had barely any meat on it. Compared to the price I was not pleased at all. I bought a large #18 to share with my friend and the sandwich was all lettuce. I'm not normally one to complain because I am a hairdresser and I understand the struggle of having customers that you cannot please no matter what you do. But this was seriously displeasing. I will keep my business at the village square port of subs in summerlin. Where they don't jip you on meat just because they're too busy talking to their coworker.
1	I used to be a waitress so of all people I'm the most understanding of the craziness in the food business, but my visit here was so disappointing. There were 4 people working with only one customer in front of me. It took maybe a minute just to be acknowledge as I stood there just staring at them. I wasn't greeted nicely either, there was no hey how are you? It was just what can I slice for you. I asked for wheat and I got white. Since I got a small I asked for little mayo and I got a giant glob. I understand feeling like you have the worst job ever, however, at least have some sort of personality and be nice please.
1	One star is too much for them, First off, I did not get my receipt. I then came home to see that my order was not complete. When I called them to complain, All the manager (cara) had to say was "ok". I myself have a business and when my customers aren't happy, I apologize and ask them if there is any way if could fix their problem. Apparently, they don't care about their customer satisfaction.
3	What is the difference between Port of Subs and Subway?  I don't know, they were pretty similar in pretty much every way.  From the bread, amount of meat, the way they package it, to the price point, they're basically one and the same.  I had a roast beef and provolone sub, which was as standard as any other.  Okay, different type of cheese and their sizes were in different varieties, but otherwise... Service was good, restaurant was clean so no complaints, but there's just nothing that stands out for me to want to come back.  I will since it's next to my work, on those days I need to git.  Ho hum.
5	I am a known Subway fanatic, through and through.  However, change is sometimes welcomed. The bread here is fresh and fantastic.The staff here is quick, professional, and friendly.  The meats seem to be more plentiful since they slice it right there.  Fresh ingredients.  Love it!It seems to be a little more expensive than Subway.  Also it does seem to have more calories than a comparable sandwich from Subway.  That being said, they are especially delicious.Like REALLY good! :-)
