5	It's a cafe so the coffee should be good: done.  Excellent coffee, lovingly and expertly pulled.  Counter help was really great, very knowledgeable and helpful.  This isn't a place to just run in and get a quick cup; they take their time to make it right.  The decor is very eclectic so that pretty much anyone from this Mile End hood will feel at home.  Not only was the staff friendly but so were the other patrons; it felt like hanging out at a club that you might someday become a member of.
3	In Gamba once served what was arguably the best espresso in Montreal. However, over the past year it has deteriorated somewhat. It still is a decent place to sit and have a good coffee. They also sell some high end coffee beans, including Intelligentsia (my favourite). The couches are quite good, and make the experience particularly pleasant. Free WiFi is available.
4	I walked 40 minutes from a hotel on Peel Street just to try the espresso here (on the recommendation of one of my business hosts) and was glad I did. The walk also turned out to be a great way to see part of the city that I missed during a mostly business trip. Can't recall what espresso they were serving up but both the Cappuccino @ espresso were the best I had during my Montreal visit.  Pastry was excellent as well. The uncrowded space was also nice but it may also have been a sad side-effect of the monster road construction in the neighborhood. They also get good karma points for the friendly customer who realized I was visiting and recommended Lemeac Bistro as a nice place to grab a meal before the walk home.
3	It is really a hit or miss place.  Sometimes the coffee is amazing, absolutely divine.  And sometimes it is bitter and painful to swallow.  But when it is done right, it is so good, it is worth trying it out more than once if your first experience isn't great.  The baristas are friendly and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly.
4	Three good reasons to come here:1. They serve some top quality espresso2. It's quiet, relaxed, and no one will bother you here3. There's a  very comfy couch and free wifiMaybe that's more than three reasons - A great place to go for a no frills, laid back, high caliber coffee.
4	Nice little spot - great coffee and sweet decor. As others have mentioned, service is spotty and it's not volume-dependent. The other issue is layout is a bit oblong and people hog the chairs so space is limited on the inside. Skip sitting there and take the coffee to go.
3	great lattes - strong espresso, thick, creamy frothed milk - all @ a good price. Free wifi as well, lots of seating options. Cute patio!
3	I really do like this cafe. They sell and serve excellent coffee in a wide variety, and it's a nice balance of cozy and spacious to feel like you could be happy hanging out here and working for a while without being in the way. If you're trundling up Parc avenue in the blowing snow as I have been all too often lately you'll be glad to know this place exists, tucked beside a stalwart Videotron in a condo storefront serving serious brew. But I have to say, there is something a little cockeyed here, stylewise. Something that just rubs my sense and sensibilities a little bit the wrong way. Maybe it's because I never seem to totally love the taste of the St Henri beans, or maybe it's that all-red walls and panettone piles give rise to my otherwise well-suppressed murderous tendencies, either way it's probably just me and you should probably go there and see for yourself.
3	A friend of a friend recommended the cappuccino here. It's $3.85 to stay, $3.95 to go. It was good, but not anything deeply amazing. It looks like you can sit around for a long time without being scrutinized.
