5	I have known Chuck for over 25 years and have been utilizing his services for nearly all those years.  He and his staff do an excellent job for us personally and for our business.  I highly recommend them.
5	I have known Chuck for more than 20 years.  He does my personal and business accounting and taxes.  Here is someone who is honest and straightforward!  Always very professional and his staff is wonderful as well!  Highly recommend...
5	I've been using Chuck and his firm for a few years to do my personal and business taxes.  Chuck always takes the time to sit down and go over everything, always comes up with deductions I never thought of, and in general is a pleasure to work with.  Most importantly, he saves me money!
5	Chuck and his team has been my tax accountant for about the last 4 years.  I have worked with several other accountants and the CW Clarke team has CONSISTENTLY out performed my wildest expectations.  Each year he has worked with us early to discuss and to develop a tax strategy and to help us understand the realities of the ever changing landscape of the US tax system.He approaches his clients needs aggressively but ethically.  Chuck does great work and a very fair price.
5	CW Clarke, CPA, a certified accounting firm located in Scottsdale AZ, is in a league of its own. Chuck Clarke and his staff have prepared my taxes since the late 1980s and I'd be lost without the professional assistance and guidance I've received. Prior to finding Chuck's firm I had used another accounting firm that didn't wield the experience or knowledge of tax laws which resulted in inaccurately prepared returns. The CPA's lack of knowledge was to my distinct detriment when I was notified of an audit three years later. I turned to Chuck who represented me before the IRS and Dept. of Revenue and the matter was handled in a timely and professional manner. There is no question, a CPA does not cost but rather saves and with Chuck, you certainly get your money's worth.
5	I came to CW Clarke as a first time business owner needing to file personal and corporate taxes, and couldn't have been more pleased.  I interviewed a few other accountants first, and was turned off by either their inexperience and lack of knowledge, or their exorbitant prices.  At CW Clarke, I found a very experienced, knowledgeable CPA with fair prices.  Everyone at the office was professional, friendly, and quick to respond to any questions.  I would recommend CW Clarke to anyone and will definitely be returning each year for my taxes.
5	CW Clarke ltd is an excellent firm. Extremely professional and thorough. I have been using this firm for 6 years now and they are the best! I recommend them to my friends and colleagues. Chuck is responsive, accessible and very helpful. He has a solid team around him and makes the whole process much less of a hassle.
