3	This place likes to do the whole, "recycle your textbooks here" box at the end of each semester. I am all for recylcing, except when it isn't quite transparent where those recylcled books are going...such as the shelves. At least their new building is sweeeet. Better than that dingy old place they used to have.
2	They have a lot of supplies and gear, but they act like everyone is just coming in to steal. They have students on the floor just to watch you at every moment and you have to get your bag (handbag/backpack) searched before you walk in!!? It is sooo weird..
2	This should be you last resort to purchasing books/UNLV gear! Emergency situations only.The reason? The prices are ridiculous!I guess I have been a professional student for the past few years. Being at UNLV long enough I know that Rebel Books preys upon students who don't know better. There are 3 brick and mortar bookstores serving UNLV: Beat the Bookstore, the UNLV on campus bookstore, and this place. After having priced compared all 3 places for the course of my multple semesters as Rebel, I can assure you that this place is the most expensive.Their books are on average 10-30% higher than either of the 2 other stores. I don't know why they charge so much but they take pride in ripping you off. The rebel gear isn't cheap either. They have a decent selection but at $20-30 a t-shirt, you can go to wal-mart and get twice as much Rebel clothes for your money. Just not worth it.  On top of that, they seem to think that everyone who comes in is going to steal. Upon entering you must place whatever backpack/purse/fannypack you have on a big rack before looking around. After that, one of the employees will watch you like a hawk and follow you around the entire store. Maybe they have a theft problem, but customer service should not have to suffer as a result. Also expect to have your bags checked upon leaving (even though they were sitting on the rack in plain sight the whole time). The only pro about the place is that they consistently have everything in stock. Maybe because nobody can afford their high prices, but if you are in dire need of a book before an exam, Rebel Books probably has what you need.
5	Yes, textbooks are expensive... no matter where you go.  For my books this semester, I shopped around and found the prices at Rebelbooks to be competitive.  I also like that you can walk through the store and select your own textbooks rather than have someone pick one out for you from behind the counter.In addition to my positive buying experience, I ran into a problem with one of my textbooks (no fault of the bookstore).  The manager was willing to help me out and ended up saving me a lot of money.  Customer service is key and they definitely have it at Rebelbooks.
4	I have to commend RebelBooks because they saved my life. I needed unlv merchandise and they are open later than the bookstore usually is. Honestly, textbooks used to have a few dollars difference, and now it doesn't matter which bookstore you go to because the prices are all the same! Most of the time, at checkout, they have an option that you can donate something to charity, which I love. Sometimes you have to buy the item, but usually it's cheap and worth buying like a shirt. Basically, it doesn't matter what bookstore you go to, it's all pricey! Just GET YOUR BOOKS!
4	Rebelbooks was definitely my choice over the UNLV bookstore and Beat the Bookstore. You ask why, because they had the correct selection that corresponded to your classes and the cheapest. They also give you more money for your buy backsl. I was definitely a regular here if I didn't buy my books from half.com. My suggestion for students is to look around online and at the bookstores and see which options bet suits you whether you need to rent or buy. Renting here is definitely the most inexpensive option, but some books you may need to keep for future reference. The staff are pleasant and about every time I come someone approaches me if I need help locating my book. Aside from the books I also come here for my rebel gear. A lot cheaper than the UNLV bookstore again, but I don't know if all of it is exactly the legit registered "NCAA" crap, which may be the reason why for the lower prices. They also have UNLV memorabilia, I am slowly buying this stuff for my office at work. It is nice to have, so you could rep your Alma mater which sort of got you the job or career of your dreams.They used to have a loyalty program for every $100 you spend, you would earn $10 back in store credit. The was easily done considering the prices of books, but unfortunately they discontinued it.. Bummer!
2	I didn't like it at all... Books are really expensive. Refund policy sucks. Go to UNLV bookstore or buy/rent online. I totally got ripoff from this store. I give it a two stars because of customer service, however I just don't like their Return/refund policy. Don't make mistake like me and save some $$$$$$$.
5	Why so many haters??! I came here for the first time a couple weeks ago. Sadly, it was after I already graduated UNLV and I was trying to sell back my books from previous semesters. This store is huge and offers everything the UNLV bookstore does plus more. Their clothing selections have a lot of color options besides the standard scarlet, grey, black, and white. Additionally, they have a bunch of home decor items that are rebel themed! Would I buy those things? Probably not, but it's always good to have options! Another thing I love about this place: you can sell books back even in the middle of the semester!
4	The last two times I bought from here were great deals. I (as most) usually buy used books from Amazon.com. However, two classes required me to buy new textbooks for test or online materials. Rebelbooks offered them only $12 more than Amazon.com prices. Plus, I didn't have to pay for shipping or additional online sales tax to Amazon.com.
5	This is just a review on merchandise, souvenirs I got for family.. I came in pretty early on the weekday (still dragging outta bed early) and the young guy in there (didn't catch his name) was super chipper! I almost fell on my knees and onto the rack whole wiping the boogers put my eye.. I gotta go back for my books and I'll be more prepared next time! ..thanks, bro! The world needs more morning people like you!
