4	I was super excited when I heard Harold's was opening up in Vegas. In my opinion Chicago has some of the best food around. I got the wing dinner and some extra chicken on the side with hot sauce. It was pretty packed when I went which was late afternoon but I only waited about ten minutes. I heard from another friend that the wait can be a lot longer and that they occasionally sell out in the evenings. I do wish they gave you more cold slaw and I'm not a huge fan of the fries because to me they are a little soggy. But I went for the chicken anyways which was perfectly fried to perfection.
4	My husband is from Chicago so he's the reason as to how I heard about this place. They just opened recently but you would NEVER know that, this place was super busy! We had the chicken and fries & pizza puff, -- SO GOOD. I've never had a pizza puff, it's like the totino's pizza rolls but WAY better & bigger! Almost everyone that was in there, had one! Chicken was good, it's breaded & seasoned, very good. The 4 stars is because of the seating, it was so packed and it's a very small restaurant so it fills quick. Luckily I had my son grab the first available table while we ordered. Other than that, awesome lil spot.
5	I grew up on the South-Side of Chicago in Hyde Park and in fact, I work in Chicago as an Executive VP at the famous Regal Theater on 79th Street.  My husband and I have lived in Las Vegas for 15 years.  Nobody here can make fried chicken like Harold's...NOBODY!!!  The taste is so unique and finger likin good.  Another location is soon to open on 215 & Trop...wish the heck they put one in Centennial Hills.  The one on Rainbow can not handle all the business they are getting.  They need help! Let all your friends know what's happening at the Regal www.chicagoregal.com
3	Tried this restaurant based on other Yelp reviews and being in the area.  Place was very busy at 2PM on a Sat. afternoon (usually a good indication), but was able to find a table.  Took a while to get to the order counter due to the line, but not an issue.  Counter person taking orders was very busy but friendly, back counter staff were very busy and matter of fact.  Ordered some chicken, fries and the pizza puff.  Got cole slaw and bread as well (and some fries came with the chicken).In general, I thought the food was ok - more like 2.5 stars (but gave the review the benefit of the doubt with 3 stars).  Chicken pieces were very large, but not particularly flavorful.  Breast pieces were very large, and slightly undercooked in the center, which was a bit of an issue - undercooked chicken is not a good thing.  I found most of the flavor was not from the chicken or coating, but from the sauces (we got the sauce on the side).  Mild sauce was sweet, hot sauce had a Frank's Hot Sauce vinegar-hot quality to it.Fries were ok, pizza puff was interesting and ok.  I suspect this is a Chicago/Indiana tradition that is sought after from people from that area who now live in LV.  I would much rather have M&M Soul Food (or even Popeyes) - more flavor and seasoning.
4	Chicago has a huger influence on Vegas than most people notice. I honestly think that California is the only place that has more Vegas transplants.While I grew up in Vegas I was a Chicago baby and my family would always tell me about this place called Harold's Chicken shack. The fact that they would open up one in Vegas is so random, but I digress. The chicken is pretty delicious, better than KFC, but not as good as Popeye's. Fries were a bit bland but add some salt and they're fine. Definitely will go back again.
3	We were trying to decide on someplace closeby and relatively cheap...  My friend had heard about this place and we figured why not give it a try.  It's relatively small inside and everything looked really clean.  I went with a 1/2 chicken dinner and decided to try their fried chicken livers too.  Everything was cooked/fried to order, so expect it to be hot and fresh!  The chicken was definitely tasty... although the pieces seemed to be on the small side.  But still plenty of food for the price.  You can see the flecks of pepper and seasoning in the coating.  Definitely tasty chicken!  I had the mild sauce...  which almost seems like a mildly spicy ketchup.  It's good... but next time I'll try the hotter one.  The chicken livers were pretty much as expected...  pretty big sized and good.  Fries.... eh, not the best....  seems like they only fry them once, instead of twice like most places.  Cole slaw was delicious... creamy and a little sweet.... just the way I like it.Kind of wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars...  I'll be back.... want to try the fried gizzards
5	Catfish is the business !!!
4	Impossible to review. I ordered a half white with hot sauce on top. They put BBQ sauce on instead, and I didn't find out til I got home. Harold's with hot sauce is Incredible. With BBQ sauce, it is Terrible. I tried wiping it off, but the fries and bread were already ruined, and I couldn't get rid of the awful, sickly sweet, generic store brand tasting BBQ sauce taste. I can't even tell you if the chicken was cooked well b/c Harolds is all about the Combination of chicken, hot sauce, fries, grease and bread.  This was inedible. I've eaten Hundreds of times at different Harolds' in Chicago, and have been missing it since I moved here. I was very excited to see they opened one here, and imagine driving the whole way home anticipating a great Harolds meal and being So disappointed. I'll try again, and check the sauce before I leave, but this one is their fault, so they get a one.Other Items:They use Wonder WHEAT bread on bottom, not White.The breast is medium sized - not scrawny like the South Loop location, but smaller than a Good Harolds.There is no portrait of Harold in the store. They have a drink fountain, not a soda machine.********UPDATE**********I have eaten several times here since my last visit, and it has been much better than my first visit. It is now the equivalent of the Halstead Harolds - not quite the 183rd and Kedzie level, but way above the South Loop.
5	24 chicken wings. 6 fried catfish. A bunch of fried mushrooms. Done done and done!!!Not your KFC or Popeyes. You can tell this place has a secret family recipe (the lady who rings you up is from Chicago and is super nice...she calls all of her customers "Baby"). The taste and texture is something else!Off the strip quite a ways but consider this recovery fried chicken after a night or nights of binge drinking and early mornings in Vegas!
4	Went here on a recommendation. Decided to up the ante by taking people with. A bucket of wings (not my fave part of the chicken, but I digress), and those absolutely mouth watering fried mushrooms put me in place. The place is a delight. The fry is light, but good. It reminded me of the Simpsons episode where they turned Moe's into a TGIF and Homer fried everything. I would eat my own fist if it was lightly breaded and fried at Harold's. And the nice lady at the counter would make me feel like it was A-OK.
1	I'm a life-long afficianado of chicken and fish. Originally from Kansas City and now in Las Vegas, I grew up with an amazing amount of choices of great local KC chicken restaurants. Today, my good friend is in visiting from Phoenix. He's also a native of KC. We went to Harold's on recommendation and he had gizzards and wings and I had livers and wings. I live on the far east side of the valley near Sunset Mountain, so it was a bit of a drive to Harolds. We didn't try the food until we returned to my house and we both quickly realized that our food was drowning in salt. If it wasn't so far, I would return the food and demand a refund. I LOVE fried chicken. This (based on my first and last visit) is the worst that I've ever had. They do a booming biz. Maybe it's a favorite of smokers that can no longer taste their food? My local Popeyes shames their food and costs much less.Good luck.
3	The Chicken and the Perch were good, I recently visited Chicago and the food at the Harolds on 87th and the Dan Ryan was much tastier. I will be returning to my local Harolds again though.
3	I've heard so many rave reviews of this place, I had to give it a try, even though it's a bit of a drive from work. I went with the Gizzards & Wings combo and added a small side of fried okra.I have to be honest. I'm a little disappointed. I only got two wings in the order and the rest of the plate was gizzards. While they both tasted good, I was expecting more wings. Just my opinion, but the gizzards should be an accompaniment to the wings, not the other way around! I can only eat so many. The plate also comes with fries and some coleslaw. The fries were decent, but not as good as they could be.I wanted to love this place, especially since they gave me extra food due to an error on their part. While I was waiting for my meal, the guy comes out and explains that the cook misheard and started preparing Giblets instead of Gizzards & Wings. They offered to give me the Giblet plate as well. I took the offer, but I'm so full from eating gizzards that I'm not sure if I'll ever get to it (it's in the fridge).I'm a little fried out at the moment (and definitely gizzarded out), but I definitely want to come back and try something else. I'll probably try one of their chicken dinners or perhaps a fish plate. For now, I have to give them an A-OK.
5	I looked up this place for the fried gizzards and fried mushrroms. However i found it to be so much more. Great people working there and a very very clean place. The nice man that helped us behind the counter came out and cheacked on us a number of time. If you want a nice good downhome lunch with some nice good old downhome food this is your place.
4	Feels like i just ate 9 gazzillion calories and I'm either slipping into cardiac arrest or a food coma but its Harold's so totally worth taking that chance.. just have the EMT team ready with the paddles nearby. I remember my first time going to a Harold's in the South side of Chitown with a few of my boys, where  Harold's Chicken Shack originated from years ago. It's still pretty nostalgic for me. The first and only eatery that I'd been to where the register is behind bulletproof glass. THIS IS JUST A FRIED CHICKEN JOINT. I thought I was making a bank transaction. Yeah we were real deep in the hood of Southside Chi. But so what, we hadn't eaten all day. Hungry, tired and restless we were lookin for cheap, good, fast (not MCDs fast), local food. We damn near struck gold with Harold's upon a recommendation. This is chicken fried to order so don't expect your eager KFC chicken azz to get your order out so quickly.Anyhow, fastforward nearly 5 years later. I'm at the Acura dealership in LV I'm talking to my salesman and he tells me there's a Harold's out here. On the exterior I kept it cool as we were negotiating the terms of our deal but in my mind I was flippin' my wig, not about the Acura I was about to sign off on but more eager to find Harold's!But alas, -1 star for the inconsistent seasoning. There's been times where its been either over-salted (or been in the brine for too long?) while other visits have yielded steaming hot, crunchy goodness. I wish they provided more than just a tiny portion (you'll see what I mean) of slaw. If you choose to grab a basket I would forgo the 2 slices or white bread that typically come with them if you don't feeling like eating them. Its to collect the dripping sauce from the wings but I feel as though the fries that lay beneath the wings already do a great job of doing so, unless like me, you order the sauce on the side. Minus .02351091 star for no ominous looking bulletproof glass in front of the counter. But I'm rounding up. Jokes aside, I'm goin' again. Just haveta invest in a defibrillator first.
4	Popped in to pick up some dinner on the way home. I got the 3 Piece Chicken Strips and Fries special. When I got home (about a mile away) and dug in, my fries were already soggy. They may have been served up that way, seeing as there wasn't much time for them to get soggy in transit. I ordered my food "Chicago-Style" which meant "covered in sauce"; I also went for the hot sauce (after living in the South, I'm accustomed to all things hot). The strips were delicious and the breading was incredible! Albeit soggy, the fries covered in hot sauce were still good. Dunking them in buttermilk ranch probably helped. It was too much food for me to eat in one go-round, but it was all very good.I didn't try the coleslaw because I hate cabbage, so I can't comment on that.I'll be going back to this place to try the fried mushrooms and okra soon. All in all, good food at good prices with a friendly staff! Way better than KFC, Popeyes, Canes, etc.
2	Second time here just had to try it again, it's one of those places, I have to scratch my head ; wondering what the fuss is all about.             First time had the fried chix w/ the mild sauce ,the sauce tasted like ketchup. I'm not complaining , because it's the way I eat my fried chix anyway, but call it a sauce , please. This time I had the hot sauce figuring it was spicy ketchup, wrong it was, well hot sauce from the bottle . It was hard to eat  , like eating hot wings w/o the blue cheese dressing.  I had the half chicken combo ,all dark meat 2 thighs and 2 drumsticks it came with a little container of cole slaw and a fair amount of fries. There was a little wait because they cook to order. The chicken is alright , your basic fried chix , nothing special.                     Popeye's here I come!!
4	Digity Dang!So my daughter says I am craving fried chicken - can we go to KFC.  I said yes to fried chicken no to KFC.  I had heard about Harolds on Yelp, so let's get in the car a go for a drive.The place was packed.  Always a good sign.  We ordered a half chicken and an order of gizzards.  I ordered the gizzards just to try something new.  I have never had gizzards before so I have nothing to compare them to - but I would say I dont like them.  Not that the gizzards were bad, I just didn't care for them.The Chicken was dang tasty.  The breast meat was super juicy and that is what is important.  The Chicken was not greasy and had a thin crispy skin.  The pieces of chicken were on the small side, but maybe they use real chicken instead of super steriod chickens you see at the grocery store... so that could be a good thing.The only 2 suggestion for a better over all experience: 1.  The side of coleslaw was in a 1 oz sauce container???  Thanks for the one bite of coleslaw.  2. I would like to see more side dishes.They have perch on the menu too.  I gotta go back and taste that - perch is good fish.
1	Do I have to give it a star? Very disappointed in this place! I can't believe all the hipe! We just got the basic chicken. I will never, ever go back to this place! Why pass by Popeyes and Churches chicken to go to this place! Kudos for opening a business, and creating jobs. This just doesn't float my boat!
3	I used to hear a lot about this place when I lived in Chicago. It was actually recommended by a few of my friends. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to try it due to a sudden relocation to San Diego. But then I found out that they opened a few locations out here and took it as a "sign" to go and try the place before I suffer in regrets again. My guy has been dying to try this place and we finally got around to it on Tuesday. Three stars because it really was "A-Ok." I love the atmosphere here, it felt "homey." It's small AND quiet (bonus!), but then again there weren't a lot of people dining in that day. The gentleman behind the counter was real friendly and helpful with questions that we had about the food. We ordered:Catfish w/ two chicken wings & drumstick- I really liked the fish, it had good flavor to it and was very moist. I didn't try the wings but the bf said it was "okay." BUT, added that it was "real moist." And it really was. As he sank his teeth in to that drumstick, all that chicken juice started dripping down his chin. No joke.Fried okra and mushrooms- It was bland, and that's probably an understatement.  Fries(came with the combo)- Although it was fried to my liking, it lacked flavor as well.Total cost: around 25 bucks. Would we go back again? Absolutely, but It's one of those places I would probably go to once in a blue moon.
5	Ok, here's the deal, if you liked gizzards Harold's is the real deal. If you like cornmeal breaded fish Harold's is the real deal. I cooked and managed restaurants for 12 years and can say that on my best day I couldn't do any better. I have yet to try a piece of chicken cause I can't get past the gizzards. If you never had chicken gizzards, this is not like a piece of chicken tender, it's a tough lean bit of a chew and my jaws are burning by the time I finish a large order and it's worth the trip across town to get them. Please go as often as possible we want them to be around for a long time.
2	I wanted to like this place.  I really did.  I don't.  The place is non-descript, the person behind the cash register did not utter a single word during my order, nor during the orders of the next 4 groups that I observed.  I order a mixed chicken "dinner".  The cole slaw actually wasn't too bad but it was served in a small cup the size of two thimbles.  I think I got two spoonfuls out of it.  The french fries were ordinary.  The leg of the chicken was incredibly small, I mean really small.  Very little meat on the thigh, the wing, well I expect that; the breast did have meat, but it wasn't anything that extraordinary.  I did order the mild sauce.  It was ok.  All in all, I really doubt this place will be around in a year from now.  Exciting "concept", but poorly executed here... employees need personality, the portions need to be normalized, whoever orders the chickens, should splurge and order normal sizes.  Seems like they are cutting everything to the "bone" to save money, but they are cutting off their arm in the process.  You can easily do better in Las Vegas.  Really.
2	I was thoroughly not impressed by this place.  Vacant tables were not cleaned and there was generally uninspired staff and service.  The cashier didn't take my order correctly; she asked me about what sauce I wanted with my fish (tartar) and didn't put it in my takeout order.  Another customer approached the counter to ask for bread after it was left out of his dinner.  I subsequently found that it was left out of my dinner order as well.The chicken, although nice and crispy, was pretty bland.  I'll say the same for the catfish (Old Bay seasoning, anyone?)  The cole slaw was not very fresh.  The Chicago Harold's left me with a better impression even though it was a hole-in-the-wall storefront spot.  I would not recommend that you waste your time or money at this place.
3	Damn harolds gonna knock you down one star, last time I visited was a disappointment. The cook must've reached the bottom of their seasoning batter or perhaps the wings were brined for too long cause my wings were pretty salty..
4	Harold's was a mainstay of my life in Chicago, and I was positively tremulous that my upcoming visit to Vegas would give me the chance to sup on these delectable birds.Look, you're getting fried chicken here, not dinner with the Queen. Adjust expectations accordingly. Like the ones in Chicago, this is a hole-in-the-wall type place, small and not exactly sparking clean. But it's actually much nicer than the one I frequented in Chicago. No bulletproof glass, no sticky walls, no seedy crowds.The chicken is deep-fried and crispy-hot. A half-chicken and soda will set you back a whopping 10 bucks. And it's served with/on fries with a tiny button of coleslaw. The only things missing are the two slices of white bread - come on, why drop the ball there! The hot sauce is the thing I love, nice and hot and tangy. There's BBQ style as well, if you want.All in all, I was most satisfied with this Harold's - it would fit right in on the South Side.
3	I was craving for some chicken wings so after worked, we stopped by Harold's.  I am from Texas so after seeing that Harold's offer chicken gizzards, I immediately ordered the gizzards and wings combo.  My boyfriend got the chicken giblets combo.We chose a table close to the chilly entrance, not because we enjoy the chilly breeze, but because there were no other tables available.  The restaurant has about 7 tables or so.  As we were waiting for the food, I grabbed some napkins to clean our table and chairs of the chicken batter crumbs that were left behind by the previous customers.The coleslaw and utensils arrived first at our table.  I was so hungry so I down the coleslaw.  It came in a teeny tiny container.  Awhile later, food arrived and they were all piping hot.  Yes, 2 wings, a pile of gizzards, and lots of french fries for me, chicken giblets and more french fries for my bf.  Gosh I wish there were 1 more extra wing and less gizzards.  My teeth are not the strongest teeth so chewing on the hard gizzard was quite tiring.  Midway through the meal, I was all fried and gizzarded out and my bf had to get a diet coke to cut the richness of the giblets.  Overall, eating this in moderation is alright, but I would probably save all those calories for wingstop wings.But customer service was great.  I do want to come back to try the regular fried chicken though.
1	Writing reviews on las Vegas soul food places is just making me very upset! I have nothing positive to say about this place, m&m soul food, or jimmys market.. All bad.. I had the fish and chicken and was not impressed.. With anything.. Ok I take it back the ketchup was pretty good.. Other then that I coulda had a v8..
5	I'm really big on customer service & Harold's didn't disappoint. I put in a massive order for a church function and they were super friendly and efficient.  Of course, the food is great & they go out of their way to prepare it fresh & just the way you want it.  Don't sleep on Harold's!
1	Place is CLOSED.  After going to school in Chicago, was hoping to get some Harold's, but its closed.
2	The really friendly and nice owner/manager, unfortunately, can't make up for mediocre food. I ordered the fried fish (4 piece perch) dinner and fried mushrooms. They use a cornmeal batter for both which is just not that good. Give me a good, light beer batter any day, or even better a light tempura batter. Besides the batter, the perch and mushrooms were just meh, I'm sorry to say. Perhaps soul food is just not my thing, although I do love me some Southern fried chicken and waffles or country fried steak from time to time.
