5	I was afraid I wouldn't like it.... just 5 choices for sandwiches. UGGH Holy Hell... First off the strip mall is decent. Nothing too bad nothing too great. The Bakery is clean in the places it should be. The seats could use some shampooing. The bread and pastries looked amazing. Check out all the wonderful choices. The sandwiches, while only a few, are perfectly crafted to maximize flavors and ingredients. I had the Italian, loaded with imported meats and cheese and fresh toppings served on a scratch made, fresh baked, french baguette. PERFECT @ 7.25 it seemed high until I received it. It is enough for two and the quality more then made up for the price. While the owners are quirky they are friendly. We will go back.
4	Funky little independent eastern-european-owned bakery, pastry, and cake shop that also does a handful of sandwiches.Doesn't sound like much, but tastiness and quality aren't necessarily noisy. 8^ )I'd often passed this place on my way somewhere else, seeing their European Bakery sign and thinking they MIGHT have a deli, but they aren't advertising it, so why take the chance.  Daren C and I finally stopped in, and we were glad we did.The breads are all made fresh daily with what the owner is proud to tell you are his own versions of classic european recipes, and the meats are all imported.  The owner is quite happy to talk about how he sends back a slab of pastrami several times if it doesn't look right ot him.If the man tells you that he put together all of the sandwich recipes because those are the ingredients that taste best together, you would be wise to heed that man!For 6.50-7.25, you get a HUGE sandwich on a fresh-baked sub-baguette.  Daren's Italian had everythign you could think of, and was a veritable UN of sandwiches, it had meat and cheese imported from so many different places.  My roast beef with roasted red peppers and swiss was absolutely delicious -- like a rare steak, a small salad, and bread all wrapped up in my hand for lunch, instead of spread out on a dinner plate.The baked goods are where the husband and wife team claim to really shine, and it sure did look and smell wonderful. There are an assortment of pastries and baklava and other tasty treats to select from, both familiar and unfamiliar looking.  TheFrench bread the sandwich was made on was tasty and soft inside/ crisp outside.Their other loafs looked and smelled delicious.  And for only 2.99 for a full sized loaf i know i'll come back and try more bread flavors soon.
5	I must say that this is a 5 star combination of those things that make an establishment deserve the coveted 5th star~Excellent, Friendly Customer Service Fresh, High Quality Ingredientsand Superb Quality ControlThe Pastrami is DELICIOUS here!The fresh $2.99 loaves are huge!  Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Mmm, Bread.  }^ )
4	Ok I agree that the owner(s) may be quirky.  Adds to the charm of the place as far as I am concerned.  I went there on Wednesday only to discover they don't open until 10 am.  Thought that was kinda weird for a bakery. Went back the next day @ 4 and there wasn't alot left but what was there looked fab.Let me explain I am not a fan of most european bakeries sweets because they are well......... just too sweet.  I do love the breads and the pretzels.  I also love a good plain coffee roll, strudel, ect.  Not sweet but more on the flakey flavorful side of things.   So while I skipped the eclairs, kreme horns, ect I did try a coffee roll and a french baquette. Let me say that it is the BEST french baquette I have had since I was in Europe.  Hands down.  The coffee roll was my breakfast the next morning and frankly I almost went right than to buy more of them.Yummo! To top it off, the elderly lady in front of me ordered a loaf of sliced bread and then discovered she didn't have any cash or her check book and was embarrased to tears.  The owner GAVE her the bread.  Some might say 'big deal it was only 3 bucks" to which I say YES it is a big deal.   Kindness is always a big deal to me.  I will go back to this quirky kind place with great food.
5	So this quaint little shop is located in an area that does not do it justice. We went in and it reminded me if my Nana's house. They greeted us when we entered and since it wasn't very busy we got all the attention. We ordered 2 of the Black Forest and 1 DaVinci. It took a while to make but that was because he (the man making the sandwich) had to grab fresh baked bread and slice all the meats and cheeses for each sandwich. So the Black Forest has turkey, ham and havarti with lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard. Everything was as fresh as you could imagine no slimy meat. The DaVinci had ham, salami, provolone, pepperoncini, lettuce, tomato, and Italian seasoning with olive oil. My niece explained it as "shear ecstasy dancing on my tongue". We then had the lemon mousse in a chocolate cup with a strawberry on top. It was so good and was gone within a minute. We had a half a sandwich each to take home for later. All in all it was great and I will be going back and taking friends.I know that one person said that there were only 5 sandwiches but there were many more on the menu when I went in today.  The servers were exellent quirky yes but friendly. I even asked about my iced tea but he said that it was his own mixture.  Great fun.Went there again and got another dessert some sort of custard with whip cream and puff pastry with powdered sugar. Yum
5	Love the new options for lunch, it gives me more chances to try great sandwhiches from the king of meat...that is his new name. I cannot tell you how quality everything is from here... go try for yourself.
5	First off I want to thank Daren C. and Ryan C. for inviting me to come here for lunch.  This place is a couple blocks from my house and I did not realize this gem was even here.  Probably one of the best sandwitches I ever had.  I also have the sweet tooth of a five year old, and the dessert was awesome.  Everything inside the stor is fresh and is made here.  The only thing shipped in is the ingrediants. I will definitely be back
5	I tried birth day cakes in all the places like coldstone, frys, alerbertson and so on..  Finally, I found the right place. This is very very good but little bit costly.
4	What a great little place!  The fresh baked break and sandwiches made with meat sliced to order are just perfect.  The sandwiches are really big and reasonably priced for the size, easily enough for 2 people to share, especially if you save room for dessert, which you definitely should do.  There is a lovely dessert case with lots of pretty things inside.  So far I have tried 5 different pastries, and all have been really good.  Not the best desserts I have ever had, but definitely very tasty. The only drawback is very slow service.  There was only one man working up front the day we tried lunch, and he was making all of the sandwiches himself.  Since everything is made to order, this is not the place to go if you are in a rush, but if you have the time it is worth the wait.
5	I can honestly say that the sandwich I just finished eating was the best I have ever had, and being from the east coast where Deli's are a way of life that is no small task. The meat is incredible quality, I got the Louie XVI which was cured ham, turkey, havarti, let/tom/onion and amazing mustard. My boyfriend got the Italian which was just as wonderful! The bread was fresh, flaky on the outside, soft in the middle. They offer a lot more sandwiches now, and the pastries are incredible. I saw a lot of cakes coming out of the kitchen for pickup, and they looked beautiful.The owner was very personable and friendly, and I will definitely be back.I'm not sure why they don't have their website linked, but if you want to check out the menu go to eurobakeryaz.com, it's a PDF so if the menu doesn't pull up try a different browser. It's located between the Dollar Store and Bedsmart on the Northwest corner of 35th Ave and Bell.
5	If you have not tried this place !!!!!!!! you must !!!!!!! They have really delicious bread and cakes. I have been looking for this kind of place because I am tired of walmart or fry's bread. I am really happy to find this place~ I only tried their cakes and bread but I will try subs oneday.
5	One of the best sandwiches OF MY LIIIIFE. (I get the roast beef with horseradish). The desserts are amazing too, especially the cream puffs and the kremish thing. Love love love this place.
5	Still the best sandwiches in the area.
4	Such good sandwiches! The meat is cut fresh just as your Sammy is made. Desserts to die for. Plus the family that runs this joint is cute! Yummm!
5	Wow! Very delicious sandwiches! My husband and I agreed their sandwiches are the best we've had in Phoenix so far, They are not typical subs at all. They are made with very fresh meat, cheese and veggies and really mouthwatering. Especially I liked the delicious cheese. We had a prosciutto sandwich ($8.99) and black forest sandwich($6.99). I also loved the honey mustard sauce in my black forest sandwich. After eating sandwiches, we decided to have some desserts. I was totally overwhelmed by the selection of nice looking cakes. They had coconut cream mousse, chocolate pistachio mousse, caramel apple mousse, chocolate cup mousse, cream horns, tiramisu, napoleon, cannoli, etc. etc. don't they all sound yummy?  I finally decided to try something new to me. I forgot the name but it's a kind of pudding with fruits and two kinds of creams in rum syrup. The lady working there told me it's popular in Vulcan countries. My husband had cherry chocolate mousse. We were both satisfied with our choices. And they are $2.95 and $3.95, which I think quite reasonable. It's a small place with 5 tables or so and I think family-owned. People working there are nice and friendly. Thier food is mostly Italian/French style with some East European taste.Next time I want to try their bread or croissant.I wish this place was located closer to our home but probably worth driving all the way to get there.
4	What a great find.  Thanks Yelp.I was really craving a great deli sandwich and after searching through Yelp I decided to head to European Bakery and Deli and was greated by the owner was very nice and assisted with picking out a great sandwich for my taste.  I went with the Prosciutto di Parma which had authentic Prosciutto and fresh cut cheese and lettuce with oil and vinegar.  It was very delicious.  The Bakery looked amazing with tons of great dessert items that I was way too full to try but it gives me a reason to head back right?
5	Best sandwich I have had in Phoenix! I loved the Italian and the smell of fresh bread when you walk in took me right back to little Italy in Chicago and the Bronx. My sandwich was huge and I was only able to eat half. Wish I could have saved more room for baked goods! My professor has ordered numerous cakes and baked goods from here and has said that they turned out great!
3	Incredible dessert case!  Solid lunch place for sandwiches on wonderful homemade bread.  Dessert case is studded with amazing sweets!
5	Amazing place!!!
5	Seriously one of the best subs you will ever eat. 1. Fresh baked bread2. perfect selection of hand picked meats and cheeses3. Quality toppings, sauces etc. 4. Bang for your buck. HUGE subs.5. Try the sweets!
4	The tastiest ice cream ..Mango Mose is the best !
5	AMAZING!!! The bread is fresh, the sauces homemade and the meat is sliced for your order.We came in for sandwiches only, and left after dessert with a loaf of pumpernickel for the house. My girlfriend fell in love with the Boston Cream cake, and vows to try each of the dozen plus pastries they make. The owners were really sweet and chatted us up while we ate. No questions needed; we will be back to this place SOON.
4	I am convinced that Phoenix needs MANY more dessert and coffee places; the kind where one can while away the time with a good friend and feel just a little more adult.  Having made that desire known, I enlisted the aid of my good buddy and set about finding such an establishment.  I have been craving cake in the worst way.  Not just ANY cake but the kind that has an equal amount of thought put into both frosting AND cake.  We settled on this joint, having read the lovely reviews from fellow Yelp-ers beforehand.  So, first things first, it's a tiny little place and not necessarily frilly or fancy.  No matter, there were some nice tables outside and some really friendly folks inside to help us make the best cake choices.  Bonus: the cake slices are small enough that having two did not send either of us into a shame spiral over our lack of control.  I had a chocolate-raspberry and another whose name escapes me.  My buddy had a pineapple and another that was made with compressed puff pastry.  We sat outside for 3 hours and chatted about everything under the sun.  During that time, we were entertained by fellow bakery goers, people with cute puppies, and a smattering of humanity.  It was a nice experience and one I will most assuredly repeat!
5	European bakery featuring popular cakes such as the Napoleon and Tiramisu, sandwiches, coffee, cold drinks, and fresh bread.Service is great and the prices are affordable. A great small business.
5	The food here is absolutely to die for. Pure perfection. The fresh made breads, top quality, hand picked cuts of meat, and selection of mouth watering pastries have me hooked. I have been in many times and usually get the Bostonian or the Italian. From the desserts, I can't even pick a favorite, because they are all fantastic.Growing up with my family, who are mostly European, I know good European food when I taste it. This shop is family run and the atmosphere is pleasant and inviting. If you haven't been you are seriously missing out on good sandwiches and pastries.
2	I had been told this Was am amazing place by a friend w wonderful service.  However when we got there the girl at register was most unfriendly.  She would not smile at all.  I tried making small talk and she was just very cold.  I finally had to ask her if she ever smiled. She was nicer after that. The sandwich I had was very delicious. I probably wouldn't return due to service.  The cakes they sold,  chocolates and desserts looked very yummy.
1	What a waste of gas and money. I made the drive from Mesa and I was utterly disappointed. The shop is small, hot and not up to my standard of cleanliness. But I was there and I had to try them. We order the mango mousse and pistachio macaron. The mango mousse is layered between cake and has mango gelee on top. The cake was flavorless and dry, the mousse lacked flavor and could barely tell it was supposed to taste like mango and it was dry. How do you get dry mousse??? Ask Eorupean Bakery, they should be able to tell you. Mango mousse? Mango not.The macaron was a disaster. It was over baked and the shell was nothing but a giant air bubble, being hollow inside. The filling wasn't spread out and only had some in the middle. My biggest issue with the pistachio macaron was that it was not pistachio! It you're going to make a pistachio macaron, you are supposed to use pistachio meal, not almond meal like traditional macaron. You can't use 90% almond and 10% pistachio and tint it green and call is pistachio. No, just no. How do you sell macaron so sub par to your customers? While "enjoying" our sweets, we observed the staff with couple of other customers and their cake orders. The cake looked good on the outside but what is it with their packaging?? If someone orders a large sheet cake, can you provide a little more than just a flimy box bottom? Use a cardboard and a real box that's actually big enough for the cake please. The service was slow and their napkin holders were out of napkins and I brought it to their attention but they never refilled it.
4	This place is good. I had the number 3! So good. Kind of just found this place! Glad I stopped in.
4	Amazing food. Visits have been hit or miss for me. Sometimes i leave incredible happy and some times I'm disappointed I gave it another try. Take the chance and visit.
4	I was craving a sandwich and one of the chain type places would not cut it.  I saw this place while driving to work one day (they have a huge banner out front...they won Best Bakery in Phoenix 2013 I guess.) and decided to come here for lunch the other day.  I walked in the joint and felt a bit uneasy at first.  The space is a bit cluttered (they have stuff thrown about on a few tables like its an office) and I didn't see too many items in the display cases.  I was greeted by a nice lady who asked me what I wanted.  I ordered the Italian sandwich.  She grabbed a loaf of bread from the display case, then got down to business.  They keep their meats in a regular refrigerator  next to the sandwich prep station.  She started unwrapping meats and cheese and started slicing them up.  It took her awhile because of so many meats on this thing!   It was made fresh on the spot though so that was awesome!  Kind of reminded me of a deli from back east in Philly.  She assembled my sandwich, I paid her $10.00 and I was on my way.  Here is how it tasted....................Italian Sandwich-  This thing was packed to the gills!  It had mortadella, castagna (never heard of it before), sopresatta, capacola, provolone and veggies (olives, lettuce, red peppers, tomatoes).  Every single meat was sliced thin and of the highest quality!  This was some good stuff.  Not sure what brand of meat they use, but it was top shelf!  The cheese was a nice sharp provolone sliced razor thin.  It was great!  The lettuce was crisp, there was plenty of olives, and the Italian dressing was tasty.  The only weak part of the sandwich was the tomatoes (I say its due to the fact that AZ has pretty shitty produce in general).  The bread that this was served on was soft yet had a crispy sturdy exterior.  It was really good bread and worked perfectly for this sandwich!4 stars for now and it was probably the best sandwich I have had in Phoenix besides Pane Biancos Sopresatta.  I'm sure I will be back if a hoagie hankering hits me.
4	I come here all the time for their subs. They slice the deli meat in front of you and use fresh toppings. They offer a huge selection of baked goods, none which have disappointed me yet.
5	Having grown up in Europe, I consider baked good an art form that is generally lost to Americans. Bread here tend to be tasteless and artificial. Thankfully I know of this bakery. They make all their goods from scratch in house using European ingredients and the results are nothing if not baking nirvana. Best bread in town bar none. The baked cakes are artistically decorated and mouthwateringly delicious. On top of being the best bakery this side of the Atlantic, they are also very affordable. You will pay no more for a fresh loaf of delicious bread here than you would in a supermarket for their "artisan" breads, and this bread makes the supermarket stuff taste downright offensive. No wonder they won best of Phoenix last year.
4	For me, half of the pleasure of going out for coffee, alone or with friends, is partaking of a well-made cake or other pastry to go with the coffee. The place that fits the bill is this, my cafe of choice when I find myself in the west side of town. Their baked goods are top-notch, service is friendly, and although the place is small, it seems that there's always a place to sit, relax, and indulge in their sweet offerings.
5	Romantic setting that makes you feel like you're sitting in an italian cafe. A landmark in new york restaurant/food tours...whether its your style or not try it at least 1 time. I recommend the tiramisu cake w/lady fingers and mocha-chino.
5	The best European Pastry's I ever found in the Phoenix-Metro Area. If you are used to have a beautiful and very tasty European Pastry's for the Holidays and don't have the time to make it, this is the place to pick-up some goodies for any event! Always Very fresh! Also try their bread it is Best in Town!
5	Excellent! Can only comment on the Italian sub and the pastrami  but, both were really good. Loaded with meat! We will be back to try the cannoli!!
