4	Get a bucket of mussels and a bucket of beer and chill out in this cavern of a restaurant.  With it's close proximity to the rest of the fish markets in the Strip District, Wholey's seafood is fresh, simple, and delicous.  If you want a Pittsburgh history lesson, check out the walls.
5	My favorite place to stop by when i'm in the strip.  The fresh fish are laid out on ice or swimming around in huge pools of water.  Once a huge cat fish jumped OUT at me and flailed its body on the ground, causing me to scream like a small child and everyone in this huge warehouse to turn and look at me.Great place for pistachios, imported goodies or just to check out on a busy weekend afternoon.
5	With the fish sandwiches here I'd have no problem eating fish on fridays.  In fact the fish sandwiches here are that good that I could eat them every day.Sometimes the best meals seem the simplest.  A fried fish fillet on a bun seems like it would be easy, but Wholey's takes it to another level.
5	A staple in Pittsburgh shopping. My favorite thing is to come here @ New Year's Eve, and load up on cheap seafood, meat, delicacies, etc., and come home and have a big party with movies and not even watch the ball drop.Wholey's has the best selection/price of seafood in the city. Everything is the epitome of fresh (you can watch them fillet fish with the motorized fish DE-scale-er, pretty gruesome). They also have lots of surprisingly good things... fresh squeezed juice, gourmet cheese, good nuts, olives, etc.Wholey is a great Pittsburgh business that I'll forever endorse/support.
5	Growing up in a restaurant my uncles would go pick up fresh seafood from Wholey's. They would always return with the best fish sandwiches I ever ate. Today the fish market is still there along with the still famous fish sandwiches. I remember being led into one of the the biggest walk-in refrigerators I had ever seen, to see a giant shark parked just above the door. Great memories and the greatest fish sandwich.
5	Great choices for fresh seafood - especially considering how far Pittsburgh is from the shore!  They also have a good Italian cheese shop too.  A Pittsburgh institution.
5	Fresh fish, fresh meat and good frozen fish too.  Not a bad place to pick up, or, rather, pick out fresh produce in season, either. (I disapprove of the Stan's Market wrapped-in-plastic approach.) The staff is nice and they keep the lines moving, even on a busy day.  Don't neglect to get the extra ice at the checkout - a charming and old-fashioned touch that never should have gone out of style.  It keeps your stuff nice for the trip home.Foodies visiting Pittsburgh's Convention Center would do well to hike/cab over to "the Strip" to visit Wholey's and Penn Mac for lunch, dinner, a snack or some shopping, rather than exploring downtown.
4	There's the wholesale Fish Market that sells bulk and a couple blocks further there's the store that sells fresh seafood, grocery store of many items including produce and food vendors include a Pittsburgh BBQ,  sushi vendor and seafood counter that offers sandwiches and soup, as well as a large selection of fried seafood.  A train track above was cool bc the train is running.The Cod sandwich was excellent, and I ordered the junior size (4 oz) and that was plenty for me for $3. , otherwise it's $5. for the regular size (that must be alot).  Also, the Boston clam chowder soup (8 oz) for $3, it was one of best I had.  Order the soup and sandwich special for $6. you get soup, sandwich and a drink. They have pkg of tarter sauce and hot sauce.  I went back another day and tried their crab cakes, but I didn't like it as much.  It was tasty, but greasy and smelled of oil.   I enjoyed the fish sandwich much better.  Crab cakes were 2 for $5.  Also, I tried the crab and lobster bisque soup and that was pretty good too!  There was bits of lobster and crab in the soup.  I prefer the clam chowder bc I love clams!Prices were very reasonable and I would go back again.
2	Broiled cod. Kinda tasteless without the homemade tartar sauce. Two smallish crabcakes for 5 bucks. I think Faidley's  Crabcakes in Baltimore is betterThe clam chowder and the lobster bisque were pretty good. Worth coming again if you are in the area for these two soups.Next time in town we'll bring some fresh fish home with our cooler. There's  a small supermarket on the other side of the fish market, so you can get something to drink other than caffeinated sugar water.
5	Ah, Wholey's. How I wish you were in Austin. If you're looking for any kind of fresh fish or 20 different shrimp choices, this is your place. They also have a big meat section, a small produce section, and some other grocery items.What I really love though is getting a huge fried fish sandwich or crab cakes and climbing the skinny staircase to eat upstairs in the dining room. Check out the picture I posted to see the huge amount of crab in the crab cakes.
5	You want alligator? Of course you do. You just might happen to know a great allgiator etouffe recipe. Oh wait. That's me with the recipe. Well either way, Wholey's is a Pittsburgh institution. And anything you want as far as seafood goes, you will most likely find it here. They have a great meat section and produce available as well. If visiting, this just screams Pittsburgh. You can't really get a more old world vibe than this.
4	The funny thing is Wholey's is not so much I  place I go for fish, but for other harder to find cuts of pork and beef. It's a convenient stop for me when I need pork hocks and beef tongue. The prices are quite competitive. I'm not sure what's up with the sushi guy in the front. He's always giving me the evil eye.
4	I'm surprised people don't talk about it much, but my favorite part of Wholey's is Andy's Sushi Bar. Check it out!http://www.yelp.com/biz/andys-sushi-bar-pittsburgh
4	My husband and I absolutely love Wholey's!  Now I must warn you that before you come here, be prepared for the smell.  Although the place is clean, it does have that strong fish smell.   Well, what do you expect?  It's a fish market!  But I absolutely love shrimp, and they have the best!  My other seafood weakness is salmon.  I've never had a bad salmon from here.  They've always been tender and flavorful.As others have noted, you can get other meat and produce here too.  The meat here is pretty good--a cut (no pun intended) above average.  Rick really likes the pork chops from here.  I prefer to get my produce from other places in the Strip, but if I'm in a hurry, Wholey's is pretty good, if a little unspectacular.
5	It's worth it just to go just for Andy's sushi stand! Cheap, super fresh, and delicious sushi - and Andy is a really fun guy too.
1	food was okay  but i was insulted by robert wholey and his racial ignorance. will not be going back any time soon.
2	Wholey's is a famous fish market in town, but I truly do think it's overrated.  There's an enormous variety of fish here, but other fish markets in the Strip that don't necessarily have the variety of Wholey's beat it soundly in terms of consistent quality and consistent freshness of the fish.  Some of the fish that is offered is good and very fresh, but some of the other fish doesn't look great to me -- the eyes are dull and clouded, etc.  Another reviewer said to "be prepared for the smell, but that's what you expect in a fish market."  I agree that Wholey's fish department smells of overripe fish, but I disagree that that is acceptable in a fish market.  Other fish markets in town do not smell of rotten fish.Wholey's is also pretty crowded, and tries to do too many things at one time.  I think it could be a good fish market if it was not also trying to be a restaurant, a meat market, and a grocery store.  On the whole, you can get some good buys here, but you have to be very aware of exactly what you're buying.
5	awesome place. every time i go to the strip i need to stop by. the soft shell crab sandwich is amazing. the soups and crab cakes are also sick. they used to leave huge chunks of crab, lobster, shrimp and clams in their soups, but people kept filling their entire bowl with meat, so they sadly did away with that. they not grind it up so small it makes me want to cry. they also doubled the prices (at least i think) so it's no longer a steal. still damn good, though. their fish is about as fresh as it's going to get this far inland. i love getting a huge salmon flilet and having it for dinner. their meats are also pretty good, although i think you should probably go to strip district meats for that. their prices are real hard to beat.
3	Sushi guy is great.His avocado is not.Somehow, I'll return.
5	I was in Pittsburgh over the weekend and I stopped into Wholey's for lunch to try their cod fish sandwich and calamari. The cod fish sandwich was huge and not to mention tasty. It was still crispy and wasn't overwhelmingly greasy and soggy like some other sandwiches I've had where all you taste is the grease. It could have used a little seasoning in the batter, but with some of their tartar sauce and a little hot sauce it was perfect. As for the calamari... WOW!!!! The best I have had yet!! I liked it even more than Detroit Parthenon's calamari. Which is now my second favorite. It's going to be hard to find calamari that tops Wholey's and their price. For $3, you get a really healthy portion... about 1/3 of a paper bag. There is no need to douse them in cocktail sauce or lemon juice at all. They are perfect plain because they have already added some extraordinary seasoning to it. I also had one of their moon pies and a brownie. Both were scrumptious to say the least. The crab cakes were packed with chunks of crab and were excellent.  The upstairs dining area where we sat was a little hard to find and looked like a typical diner... it was quaint but nothing special. I wasn't able to try their fresh fish obviously because I couldn't take it home with me on my 4 1/2 hour trek back to the D. But I am planning on trying out their mail order service. Everything looked really fresh, they even have a variety of live fish in huge tanks, I mean you can't get any fresher than that. I just wish Detroit had some sort of fish market of this caliber. I would be there all the time!!
5	So other than the fantastic fish market (including live fish!) - they have these soft shell crab sandwiches that are ridiculously cheap ($5), fresh, and TOTALLY AWESOME!!!! other fish sandwiches are good too, but the soft shell crab sandwich is REALLY good. i like to eat it with some malt vinegar. delicious.
5	This place was amazing! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the selection of food.  I picked up some gulf shrimp to brine and broil at home, an ahi tuna steak, fish seasoning, smoked bacon, and spicy pork sausage.  I can't wait to cook up all my food at home.  The lunch I order was good too.  I specifically liked the crab and lobster bisque.  I at upstairs in the seating area before headed to the front of the store to check out.  I was really impressed with the knowledge of the staff, their professional friendly attitude, and the information they provided me about the products.I was really thankful they provided free ice on the way out the door as I needed to keep my purchases cold on my way back to Michigan.  The next time I'm in Pittsburgh I will have to make a stop here!
4	For Christmas my husband and I decided to make halibut.  Which was the reason why we went to Wholey.  The halibut was good but it cost more than I'd hope.  But what the heck, it's Christmas. The reason I'm giving 4* is because of their spice section.  Either I haven't been out much to buy spices or their spices are super cheap.  Most of them are 4 for $5!  That's crazy cheap ($1.25 each).  I'm used to paying $3-$5 for a little jar of spices.  These aren't the 1" diameter by 1.5" tall jars.  They're more like 1.5" diameter by 4" tall bottles.  We bought a lot of spices.  For sure, before I move out of Pgh, I'm going to stock up on spices from Wholey.
5	My family and I love this place! They have private lot for parking... sufficient for the weekdays but usually this lot gets filled quick.... there is also street parking. Watch out the parking police...I think its up to $50 per violation...ouch! Don't think they work on the weekend though...so that's a plus :)They always have fresh fish and lobster available. Also, they will de-scale and de-gut your fish for you... which is a no-hassle good deal...kids and adults...love watching them in action...they have fish-heads available upon request... for some good fish soup. Cheap too! They have chicken, rabbit, and pig available. I think I seen frog legs in there at one point, too!They have two mini-restaurants in here...mini-sushi bar and a mini-eatery with a wide variety of american eats...the plus...they have dining available for those who would like to seat down and eat. Its usually jam packed on the weekends...so we usually go on the weekdays...the atmosphere is family friendly. Everyone is customer friendly. The guy that works at the sushi bar has been working there since I was a little kid (not too long ago)...cool guy...They have free ice available to put in your bag,..to keep your product fresh.
5	A great store . The freshest seafood in the city . The part I like best is the hot foods prepared outside on a grill right in front of you . Salmon , halibut , steAk kabobs etc. Luke grills everything to perfection 7 days a week .
3	I shopped for fruit here while walking the Strip District. It's an interesting store with sections for fish, meat, produce, and groceries. The store is cramped and crowded, but with limited space, that is to be expected. Still, I think they try to do too much. While there is a produce section, for example, the selection of produce they offer is limited. Still, I guess they're really the only game in town if you're in the city and need fruit.
4	Foodie paradise!!!We had so much fun shopping here, I swear we stayed nearly an hour.  I had no idea how big the store was!  First I thought it was just seafood, then I saw meat, then I saw fancy groceries and produce - it's everything you need!  And it's (mostly) well-priced!Some items seemed a bit overpriced, but most were very reasonable.  We got some lovely salmon for only $6 a pound.  I think it was "salmon tail" so maybe that's a cheaper cut, but it tasted lovely and fresh.  We also got very inexpensive and HUUUUUGE chicken breasts.  These things were massive!  You wouldn't think that it mattered where you get boneless, skinless chicken breasts, but you can tell there was something special about these.  They were just...plumper.  And they smelled fresh and looked gorgeous.We also got a pound of also very inexpensive housemade hot Italian sausage that was soooo yummy!  Made it tonight with rigatoni in tomato vodka sauce.  It would be a wonderful accompaniment to any meal.We've only been in the Strip District once, but we'll definitely be back to visit Wholey's again!
5	Awesome lobster bisque.  Made fresh every morning.  Lobster is imported from Maine.  $9 for a quart.
4	The boy and I were walking along the strip when he suddenly stopped and said, "Something smells really really good," and pulled me along until we came to the sidewalk grill at Wholey's.  So this review is only for the streetside grill, since we didn't get any further than that!  We both ordered the salmon lunch, and for $6, were completely satisfied.The next time we visit, I'm making sure we actually get into the store though.
4	First time visitor and I was blown away....I have been in many funky, elaborate, intricate, interesting, blah, blah, blah type of markets and this is as good as anything you would find in Pike's Market in Seattle. As soon as they nab you coming in the front door with all the fresh seafood showcases and the deli on your left, you're hooked! Sure, it ain't pretty, it ain't new and possibly the poor review from Mel below was because she, like my husband, she doesn't like the smell of what an old school fish market smells like. All I know is if we had something like this in San Diego, every Asian within 100 miles would be there every day. I mistakenly thought that when we first walked in, drawn in by the sale signs for crab cakes and salmon pinwheels, it would be in and out....but nooooo....it is just the beginning of a labyrinth that would boggle my freakin' mind. So on past the seafood, then past a huge showcase of all kinds of bacon (heaven) and fresh and homemade sausages, to a corner devoted to poultry to a ready made deli, it's a little like being "Alice in Wholey Land." There's a veggie section with many fruits and green things and lots of very cool things scattered about on shelves and such. I saw lots of funky cheeses, soups and tidbits...you folks are really lucky. :o)
5	This place is one of the coolest places ever.  Where i come from all we have is Walmart Super centers and other chain grocery stores.  This place feels like it is.  A grocery \fish market\ Meat packing place.  The seafood selection is great here as well as the chicken beef and pork.  The best reason to go here while on your journey on the strip is for a Whaler sandwich.  People you do not need fries with this fresh mammoth fish sandwich.  They bread it in front of you.  You gotta make you way to this place while your in town and in the strip district.
4	What a great place not just to buy seafood to take home and cook yourself but also a great place to sit down and eat some excellent fried or grilled seafood. I only wish they were open later for dinner.Love the $3 fried calamari, $2.50 fried clams, and smelt by the quarter pound. A variety of fish and chips available too. Lunch at the outdoor grill looks really good too with grilled to order Salmon and seared Ahi.There is a big dining room upstairs with communal picnic like tables, as well as a picnic table at their small free parking lot across the street.
5	This place is great. Coming here made me realized that I could live in Pittsburgh. When I saw the quality olive oil being sold here, and not seen as an exotic coup, I knew that a home kitchen has hope for sustainable cooking.  It's quality all over the place, and there's even more on the strip to back it up. Wholey's is also the reason I want to come back to Pitt. I need to try at least one fried fish here.
4	Everyone knows that you have more than enough variety when shopping in the strip.  There are tons of great markets, local vendors, and unique shops just blocks away from each other.  Wholey's might not be the cleanest market in the Strip but it definitely has its appeal, and it worth the trip inside to see what they have to offer. Actually don't even go inside try some of the food that is cooked right outside, and you are bound to enjoy yourself.You can lose yourself inside because there is just so much that this place has to offer.  Fish market, produce, spices, hard to find hot sauces, just to name some of the reasons why you are going to stay for while when perusing the aisles of Wholey's.  In addition, there is small fish kitchen inside which makes great fish sandwiches.  Definitely try one before you leave.  The main reason why Whole's holds its value in the Strip is because it is an experience inside.  There is just so much to do in this marketplace, there is no reason to not take a look inside to see if you can't find something that you didn't know that you wanted.
4	Ahhh, yeah. This place makes me so happy and helps reinforce my return to Pittsburgh from the West Coast. This is a great people watching spot and an even better place to buy any kind of seafood under the sun. Great prices, nice staff, and AMAZING sushi by Andy. Yeah, it gets packed and there are a lot of elderly folks who can be very slooooow, but it is a nice example of local Pittsburgh color. A MUST visit for any seafood enthusiast. I am lucky to work right up the street so I have lunch here at least once a week.
5	LOVE this place.  Fish sandwiches are great.  Visiting Pittsburgh for the month and went there for the first time yesterday and am going to go back today!!!
5	if you tell me on a monday that we're going to pittsburgh on saturday, i WILL spend the entire week daydreaming about wholey's.every time i go to pittsburgh, i need my dose of wholey-guacamole cod fish sandwiches:: gigantic, luscious fillets of deep-fried (twice..i try not to look) cod on soft buns (but you can also get it on mancini). for a mere $5.75, you'll be full and in a happy place.the dining area is quite clean and spacious, and all the sauces are available up there, so no need to awkwardly carry condiments up a flight of stairs. go for the house-made tartar sauce. it's the perfect consistency and enhances your love affair with the cod.after your meal, buy fresh shrimp, crab legs, (fish) steaks, and just about any type of old bay and any type of sauce your seafood-lovin' heart could desire. the staff is generally super friendly and helpful.there's a little sushi stand here, too, and i've been meaning to hit it up, but i still haven't gotten around to it. all the fish behind the glass is bursting with healthy color and always makes my eyes linger a little longer than they probably should. the sushi master is so jolly and easy to talk to, and even offers free samples to a select few.finally, hooray for free parking across the street, exclusively for wholey patrons!
4	The Vietnamese guy that has the sushi stand right as you walk in makes the best sushi I have ever had in my entire life. He's also friendly; he'll talk with you, joke with you, and give you a free taste of whatever he's making. Also, where else can you get two soft shell crabs for $6? This place is a steal. The seafood is extremely fresh as well, with a selection that will blow you away.
5	For a guy from California, Wholey's is like a trip to europe.  The Fish sandwiches are great -- we had the cod - deep fried -- WOW!! We spent an hour in the store - packed with people.  One of our reunion   friends (natives of Pittsburgh)  told us the Strip District was a must see!!  They were right!  Lots of history there and Wholey's made the day.
4	Wholey Fish Market, Batman!  Actually, there's a whole(y) lot more than just fish here, but seafood is clearly their area of expertise.I knew I liked Wholey's before husband and I even entered the building.  As we walked up, a cart on the sidewalk beckoned with glistening oysters on the half-shell, expertly and efficiently shucked by one worker, comically hawked by another wearing a huge chef's hat and heckling passersby via a lobster bullhorn.  (You had to be there.)  At $1 a pop  -- or $5 for a half dozen -- husband and I didn't waste a moment and were soon slurping a fat, juicy, delicious Chesapeake Bay oyster on the bustling sidewalk.  A great intro to Wholey's.Inside we were dazzled by the endless array of beautiful fresh and frozen seafood, everything from tuna steaks to Jonah crab.  Near the entrance Wholey's sushi chef was hard at work.  At the back we watched lobsters and live fish swimming in huge tanks.  Extending farther down the block was Wholey's meat section, featuring baby back ribs, whole chickens, pork chops.  Beyond that, even, we discovered the produce section.  Peppered throughout the market were gourmet chips, dried fruits and veggies for snacking, seafood condiments.....you can spend a vast amount of time wandering, eyes agog.  And we did.After wandering husband and I knew we needed to sample some of the hot food.  We weren't ravenously hungry, tho, so we chose the random pairing of a small crab and lobster mac 'n' cheese and a side of hush puppies (husband is obsessed), and made our way upstairs to the dining room.  This banquet-hall like space was pretty ugly and old-school, but an experience nonetheless.  Hush puppies (a *generous* serving) were bite-size nuggets with crunchy, crispy exteriors and soft, tender middles.  Dipping them in Wholey's homemade tartar and cocktail sauces enhanced them further.  The mac 'n' cheese was enjoyable, too, with nice big chunks of wild-caught lobster and crab meat.  I'm already looking forward to a return trip to Pittsburgh: I've got Wholey's fish sammie in my sights.  And next time I'll bring a cooler.[15 Minutes of Fame: "Man v. Food" (The Wholey Whaler)]
2	I know, I know...it's heresy to dis Wholey's in Pittsburgh....I can't help it, though.  The smell when you walk through those doors turns me off immediately.  A fish store should NOT smell like decaying fish!  Maybe I'm spoiled from the time I spent in MD and all the truly fresh fish in clean fish stores that don't stink   In a pinch, I'll pick up what I need, but it's worth the extra step to hit Benkovitz on Smallman.  Benkovitz is clean and smells like a fish store should....it DOESN'T smell.
4	No Saturday morning trip to the Strip would be complete without a stop at Wholey's if for nothing more than a cod sandwich for breakfast.  Delicious, light cod on a Mancini bun is HEAVEN for only $7.  Bring a coffee from PrestoGeorge (next door) and you're set.  The upstairs seating is a bit dated and cheesy, but I love it!  This weekend we picked up some frozen pre-cooked shrimp -- always good -- and stumbled across some AMAZING trout.   Deboned except for the spine.   The fishmonger chopped off the heads for us.  For dinner last night we sauteed them in butter and some seasonings and, for $5 each, we had a meal that would have cost $30 each in one of the upscale restaurants in town.  Not a fan of the meats or produce, but that doesn't take away from the quality of the fish and seafood.
5	As a Pittsburgh institution it's hard not to love Wholey's. Every time I enter Wholey's my first order of business is to get a pipping hot bag of hush puppies to much on while I wonder around the store.  Wholey's offers a fantastic seafood selection with a wonderful, knowledgeable staff to match. Along with the all of the fresh products you can pick up to take home, they have a pretty stellar kitchen and sushi bar which pumps out some very well prepared seafood. Most of the offerings are fried, but come on, who doesn't love a fried fish sandwich. When in the strip district, do yourself a favor and stop in for the hush puppies if nothing else.
4	First off, do not go to the address listed for these reviews.  I am guessing that folks just started posting here, and never stopped.  The correct location is actually at the 1700 block.  This place , the 1500 block, is where the wholesale market for restaurants and grocery stores is.  Pretty obvious, unless you are not from the area, in which case you will be wondering "Where the $%$# is Wholey's ?" if you go to 1501 Penn Ave.Bought the jumbo crab legs here yesterday.  At 25 bucks a pound for the jumbos, definitely not cheap, but celebrating a new job and at the same time starting a two week Cisco class.Anyways...  I love crab.  I remember first buying the snow crab in 1985, when you could buy large snow crab legs that rivalled the size of todays king crab legs for $2.79 a pound.  Kind of like you used to be able to get skirt steak for a buck a pound before people discovered how delicious skirt steak is.The regular king crab was $18.00 per lb.  The jumbo are $25.00 per lb.  I said what the heck, and got three pounds of the jumbos.  Which came out to six legs.  First big plus, they are very "clean".  Don't have big chunks of ice crusted on them, which forces you to pay $25.00 a pound for water.Second, at that price, I have zero problem having the person at the counter dig down in the display to get exactly what I want.  And while other folks may have had bad experiences, I have never had a surly counter person, they never have any problem getting what I want.  But like I said, for the price these things cost, they better not have a problem with digging out the ones I want.And last, they were very good looking.  No "odd' coloration or look.  When I got these things home, I only steamed two of them.  Which was a very healthy sized meal.  And they were the sweetest and best tasting I had ever had.  Just ate them with butter.Today, I am just going to thaw and heat one of them, then chop up the meat and have it over iceberg lettuce with FRESH MADE Ranch dressing.  I love getting Hidden valley Ranch, mixing it with just a pint of sour cream, and dressing iceberg and king crab meat with it.  One of my favorite, and most likelt easiest, meals.And!!!  Wholey's is a full serve grocery store.  They have a full meat department, veggies, not as big as a Giant Eagle or a Wal-Mart, but definitely better than either place.  So DON'T think of Wholey's as just a place for seafood.  You can get your whole party stocked from here.Now, the bad things.  They only have five (5!?!?!) cash registers.  Also, they sell sushi, but it is so popular, unless you want to stand there for half an hour, don't get the sushi unless you happen to walk in, and no one is standing in line.  In which case, get the sushi.  It is pretty good, suprsingly so.
1	Stopped in here on the Burgh, Bits, and Bites tour.  We met the owner Robert Wholey, who told a really unsavory racist joke.  I was not happy.  Being a born and bred Pittsburgh native I was embarrassed people like him still exist.  Needless to say I won't ever be going back.  I noticed several other people on yelp have already commented on this, so obviously this wasn't the first time, nor the last.
5	Great place to get fresh fish and meat. But they also serve a killer fish sandwich which you can eat in a hidden dining room upstairs! It's like a half pound of fish!
5	I am completely amazed at their wide range of seafood. The prices for the crab legs and claws are incredible. Sadly their Potato Salad from the fresh salad bar was a let down. It was tasteless, but I highly recommend everyone to get their seafood from Wholey. Five stars indeed.
4	Seriously one of the best grocery stores I've seen.If you can find a similar place that serves oysters (the size of your fist) on the sidewalk, has this variety of fresh fish, has a giant talking bear, funny employees, and is overall this cheap - you need to let me know.
5	I have to give a shout out to the oyster man on the sidewalk.  Wonderful oysters (seriously), friendly service, conveniently located (I don't have to shove through people in the market), and cheap.  At $1 a piece, or like 3 for $5, or 6 for $10-something like that-you really can't go wrong.  I've had two different shuckers that were both extremely friendly and conversational.  They shuck the oyster right there while you wait.  They have lemon, horse radish, and hot sauce on the whim, right there at the little stand! If you happen to be passing by, stop and say hello and grab a fresh cold oyster!  I was trying to make it every Friday for a drive by oyster snack during nice weather.  I'm not sure if they're open during the winter, but be sure to check!  I brought an out of town oyster guru friend and he thought they were amazing.  Winner!As for the store, they have a great selection of seafood.  Being from Houston, I'm used to the crawfish, catfish, fried shrimp kind, but much prefer the selection here.  It's a little pricey, but nothing outrageous.  I love the hustle and bustle of a seafood market and this place doesn't disappoint!  A slice of San Francisco in the Burgh.They also have other items besides just seafood.  And sidewalk oysters!
3	As a fish market wholey's is pretty much one of a kind here in Pittsburgh.  Today was great I saw a tilapia jump out of the tank and land on the floor. The poor fish wanted out of his mediocre environment.  No worries though a staff member threw it back in the tank. I purchased some tilapia and gulf shrimp.  I could not find soy sauce on the shelves. When I thought soy sauce is a common enough ingredient. I always make it a point to stop into Wholey's when I am in the Strip.
3	I mean, it's fishy, like real fishy in here.  Not in the suspicious way...but in the way where the smell of fish engulfs you as soon as you hit the door!  You're coming here because you're serious about fish!But not only will you find fresh fish here, but you'll also find really cheap fresh produce too!  I feel like that's a little known fact.  It may be a challenge if you're just going for the cheap produce and can't stand the smell of fish though...so bring the nose plugs.  I love coming here in the summer when I want to grill out.  I stop in for the fresh tuna steak and shrimp.  This is the place to go to get big portions and half the cost of Giant Eagle, and you know it's going to be good and worth it!  On the off months it's nice to come in to grab a nice fishy lunch (hello fish sammie!) or stop in for sushi at Andy's Sushi Bar (see Andy's Sushi Bar review!).  Seriously, if you're a fish lover, you really must come in here!  You'll obviously be okay with the fish smell then...non-fish lovers beware.  Don't say I didn't warn you!
4	This was my first time here and i got the fish sandwich and could barely finish it and my home cut fries.  The fish market side has some great looking fish, crabs, clams, etc.  I'm looking forward to future visits.
5	Cool place to check out.  Lots of fried foods.  At the very least, you gotta try the lobster mac and cheese, good shit with shell mac and plenty of meat up in it.  Def worth a few bucks and a moment.  there is a sushi stand right inside. FTW!...you cant get fresher sushi than that.Huge selection of fresh as well as frozen seafood.  Big lobster tanks.  Friendly service.  Lots of well maintained seating if you wanna grab a sammy or some mac and cheese.
3	All sorts of meat & seafoods are sold here. tomatos, potatoes, green peppers, onions here are cheaper and w/ higher quality than that in Lotus, because the Americans love them too much...
4	This was our last stop in the Strip District and oh, how I wished we were not continuing on north or I would have bought so much more.  The seafood selection is insane and I was incredibly tempted to purchase the slab of raw ahi tuna.  My daughter liked looking into the tanks and peeking at the live fish they sell.  There is also fresh meat, fruits, vegetables and cheese.  Might I suggest heading here for your lunch?
5	(kitchen review only) This place is awesome! The food is delicious, plentiful, and insanely cheap. I enjoyed everything, but the calamari and hush puppies were especially good. The cod was beer-battered, tender, and flaky. The crab cakes had large chunks of crab. I also tried the white chocolate pecan fudge which was amazing. I was disappointed to see that most of their seafood is frozen, but we're in Pittsburgh here. Can't wait to try the mac and cheese!Their grilled lunches are half off ($3) after thr lunch rush hour!
5	If you've read my other reviews, you know that I almost never give anywhere 5 stars and almost never review any non-restaurant business.  The 2 rare exceptions to this rule are actually neighbors, Wholey's and the Asian Lotus Grocery next door to it.  Shop at both every chance you get.  Wholey's has ABSURD prices, $2 a pound boneless chicken breast, $5 a pound live maine lobster specials.  They have great meat, every fish imaginable, fresh produce, and awesome homemade fudge, peanut butter and candied popcorn.  They also have a in house sushi chef, and tasty fresh made sandwiches and appetizers.  It's not the shrink wrapped giant eagle experience where all the foods are hidden and sealed away.  If the smell or look of fresh seafood offends you, stay far, far away, Wholey's is like traveling back to a fish monger's market from days of yore.  Knowledgeable fish mongers debone massive freshly caught fish and massive slabs of salmon and shrimp are piled high on ice.  The food is out and about, straight off the boat and in many cases still swimming.  If you want great prices, and a huge selection of every kind of fresh fish and meat imaginable, dive into Wholeys!
4	Been coming here since childhood and I always love walking by the rows and rows of fish. Although there is a fishy smell to the store, which may not put one in the right mind about the quality, I've never had a problem with spoiled or rotten fish here. Quality seems to be just fine.The fresh fish selection is pretty vast. The ready-made crab cakes (usually 2 for $3) are a bit salty but I'm still a fan. Keep on wandering through the store and you'll find a nice variety of fresh meats, chicken, pork, etc and produce for pretty good prices.As for service, the (older) gentlemen who clean the whole fish are pretty gruff . Honestly, they're a little intimidating and I wish Wholey's would/could do something to get friendlier service at this part of the store. The (younger) staff who work the cut-up fish stalls tend to be pretty friendly and so does the rest of the staff so it's a shame these guys get away with a less than ideal demeanor.
4	I have been coming here for the last 4 years and have neer had a bad experience. The staff our very helpful and courteous and usually can get you what you are looking for. The variety of quality fresh seafoods and meats is by far the bes tin Pittsburgh. One thing that I can truely appreciate is the one time I had less than perfect product, Wholey's stood behind that porduct and promptly exchanged the item. That act of customer service has made me a customer for life. I'm also always on the look out for lobster sales, it is mind boggling to see prices on live lobster that are less than what they are in Maine. If you nede some great seafood this is the place.
5	Jumbo Scrod on Italian !Just go to the counter and say , JUMBO SCROD ON ITALIAN .Damyumnnnn , That's a Great Fish Samich.......Great Price too. I have been coming here for years and I gotta wish these guy's a Happy Anniversary !
3	I rarely buy fish actually, usually just bone-less chicken breast and other poultry meats.  The fish prices do seem high , to me but I realize it all must be flown/trucked here to PGH. from either coast .  Definetly a lively atmosphere and somewhere that every tourist / pittsburgh new-comer seems to drift to, eventually .  My new thing is buying my bone-less chicken breast there .  It's very fresh and tastes good without being rubbery like some chicken .
3	I feel like a Pirate!Well not really but I decided to head there for their 100 yr anniversary.   It was my first time and I was impressed if I wanted to buy some fresh fish.I took my buddy there who was from out of town to share the experience.   We joined the line to order our food that started out the door.   I was confused because there is a Sushi Line and a separate line for the cooked variety.One of the rubs - they were out of many things (Calamari, shrimp, etc...)    I could not try the assortment I wanted.I ordered.  We received an abudance of food.    The fish was cooked very well.   The sides were done very well.A second rub was the atmosphere.  You are in a fish market where they sell fresh fish.   After about 10 minutes in line, the smell is not the best (atleast for my appetite).    Once we received our food, we waited to pay (food getting cooler by the minute).We paid and made the trek upstairs to eat.I will do it again, I am sure.
4	If you want fresh fish staring you in the eyeball, this is the place for you! We walked in and were immediately greeted by tons of different fish packed on ice and waiting to go. Our tour guide told us the history of Wholey's and you can see how far they've come. The "rules" posted outside of the store added a nice touch and the store is very kid friendly.
5	Great selection of fresh fish and meats! The best in Pittsburgh!
4	great selection of all things seafood and nice little fast food places inside.  Some sushi, some deep fried fisherman's platters.  Worth checking out.
5	Prices on fish can't be beat and the quality is very good.  Often crowded, especially on weekends.  The staff are often helpful as well.This place is a strip district anchor for a reason.  Andy's Sushi is also excellent.
5	I've been going to Wholey's since I was very very young - as far back as I can remember as a matter of fact.  Besides for some expansions and cosmetic upgrades here and there, the place has never changed.  This is about as good as it gets when it comes to traditional markets.  Besides for stocking up on the multitudes of fresh, unique and even bizarre seafood specialties, I would always get the fish and chips or a cup of those fried smelts at the hot-bar.  They've been serving these since - well forever ago.  Places like this give me the goosebumps in how real they are - don't expect anything pretty - no glitzie graphics, no wi-fi access, no keen-wa, no other latest and greatest "hipster" trends - just authentic awesomeness.  This is the kind of place where you feel like you are truly living the Pittsburgh experience and it makes this city the great and unique place it is.
4	Wholey's has really become our primary grocery store. The prices on fish, meats, and produce are excellent, and the selection is solid. Yes, they don't have the overall Market District grocery selection, but the freshness and selection of seafood is unmatched, and you can find anything that you're looking for while shopping there. They just might not have 100 different choices of grape jelly. Even if you can't find everything you're looking for, I'd say Wholey's is the ideal place to start your shopping for meats and fish, and you can cross the rest of your grocery list off at the other places in The Strip.As Rachel C. pointed out, be prepared to be slightly overwhelmed by the fishy smell, but you won't find a fish market anywhere that doesn't smell that way, so just accept it as part of the experience and then go home and enjoy the fresh seafood that you just bought for a reasonable price!
5	Great place to buy seafood..and MEATS
3	The market side gets 4 stars, the restaurant 2.When you walk in the door there is a sign that says Rule #1: the customer is always right. Rule #2: if the customer is wrong, see rule #1. They could use some reminding.After ordering a couple sandwiches, which were handed over quickly, walked up to pay. There was one older lady there trying to pay, and the cashier was bickering with her. She had put her soup in the wrong container, it seems, and the cashier was yelling at her about it. She got the right container and poured the lady's soup in there, which didn't work very well and soup went everywhere. So she started cleaning soup, all the while berating the customer. (To be fair, by the time I walked up they were both very cranky, and I know its hard to be nice to someone when they are fussing at you - but that's the woman's job.) By the time she finished cleaning the counter, the woman's purchases, and finally got around to ringing her up, the line had backed up quite a lot. It took nearly 10 minutes. Then I went up and the girl started snapping at me too, and went on complaining about the last customer, which I found to be really rude. Finally I was able to pay and grab a seat.The fish sandwich was good, as advertised. The fries were horrendous. Already cold when served, they were a mass of congealed grease by the time we sat. I ate one and gave up on them. The coleslaw was nice though. The fries were an odd problem to me - in a place with that many fryers, they should always be fresh.The market I liked a lot, and I'll be back there, probably a lot. They sell chicken feet, which makes broth that makes me happy.
5	By far the fish sandwich in Pittsburgh. Cod on soft. Do it.
3	I, for one, doubt I will ever return here.  The smell of the place almost made me sick to my stomach and I almost did a 180 and walked back out the door.  Yes people, I know this is primarily a fish market, but I cannot put myself through that again.  I did make it through the whole store, but because of the overwhelming smell, I did not purchase anything.In fact I ended up being like a little kid in here standing at the tanks in the back staring at the fish and lobsters.  I also marveled at the train that literally scared the crap out of me when I first realized it was there.  Honestly I do not know if the prices here are better than other places as I was not too keen on looking, therefore I did not notice the prices.I also did not venture to purchase one of their "famous" fish sandwiches...I don't think I could stomach it.
5	This is the go to place for fresh seafood. Their produce and meat sections are always on point. The prepared food...oh my stars, BEST fish sandwiches in town. Try the whiting. Get a whaler and share with others. Family owned and very friendly.
3	generally I'm  a fan of this place but, I bought some frozen fish there and it was terrible. When it was cooked (baked) it turned out so tough that you couldn't cut it. Also it tasted freezer burned. I guess it was freezer burned, it tasted like soggy paper. I have never had a problem like this before. I didn't take it back because I had bought it the week before and didn't have a receipt. I steamed the rest of it for about 10 min and several more of the fillets were just like the first. The dog didn't mind, but it did make for expensive dog food.
5	By far the most unique stop for any visit to Pittsburgh. You have to get a Whaler (1/2 pound of whiting or cod fried and heaping over the bread of your choice. The clams are clammering and the fish are still in water. This place is fresh and a sight. If you eat upstairs you are sure to run into one of the owners. The sons pour their love into the place.
1	It is really hard for me to review Wholey's in one post because I am not sure what the store is trying to be.  Is it a modern fish market? Is it a grocery store?  I would just like Wholey's to choose an identity and strive to be great at it.  I was always taught that a good fish market shouldn't smell fishy. Too many times Wholey's smells like the inside of my tackle box. The fish selection at Wholey's is greater than your normal supermarket but not what I would expect from a top notch fish market. I am not a big fan of all of their processed frozen fish product.  Also the the quality to price ratio seems to be a little off.  With that said there are deals to be had if you pay attention.  My other issue is with Wholey's as a full service fish monger.  Every time I have had a question about a type of fish the staff had seemed pretty ignorant.  I would put them at the level of a giant eagle employee but lower than the monger at Whole Foods.  I also  take issue with Wholey's charging for scaling or even taking the fins and tail off of a fish.  This has been complimentary at any real fish monger that I have ever been to.This weekend I purchased 2 pounds of the ocean perch filets that were on sale thinking that they would be a quick ingredient for a dinner party that I was hosting. Today, when I went to pull them out, I found to my dismay, that they were poorly butchered.  Every filet had large portions that had not been scaled completely and the filets had bones (not pin bones) hanging off the bottom. This added over an hour to my prep time and left me quite unsatisfied. If I had wanted to take the time to break a fish down I would have purchased whole fish from the start.  Needless to say I expected more from one of Pittsburgh's premier fish mongers. I also emailed Wholey's and have still not received a response.  Will I go back? Probably. But only because they are the only place that I can pork belly that is not frozen  Just be aware that there are better fish mongers in Pittsburgh and even in the Strip.
5	I am not sure why anyone would give this market less than 5 stars.  I have read other reviews about the fishy smell but let me tell you, I was born and grew up at the Jersey Shore where the fresh seafood is stellar, and every fresh fish market will smell slightly like fish.  Fish has a bit of an odor, especially when the market dresses their catch and has refuse.  They have a lot of fresh caught whole fish on ice and a huge variety of dressed filleted choices.  There is lobster, shrimp, oysters, clams, octopus, and a bunch of underwater fare.  Please do not be put off by a slight fish smell, this place has AMAZING fresh seafood and they pride themselves on quality.  Give em a try, I am sure that you will be glad you did.  Take it from a Jersey Shore girl who grew up on fresh seafood, unless you are out on the ocean with a pole and hooks, this is as good as it gets.
4	Great selection of meat and seafood. I have never bought the seafood here, but they have a variety of meat good for cooking just about any cuisine. From sausage casings to whole rabbits you can find just about anything. You can also reserve meat in advance. Every year my college organization would reserve 20 pounds of meat for our event. Was able to do so without a problem. Just call ahead a few days in advance.They also have a section for fresh fruits and vegetables. They aren't as cheap as the local farmer's markets across the street and down the block, but still a little cheaper than Giant Eagle and a whole lot cheaper than Whole Foods.
4	Arrived in town and this is the first place I come to visit. Everything was very fresh and clean. Prices were very reasonable, and service was knowledgeable, extremely quick, and friendly. Their seafood section is awesome. I bought two lobster rolls and they were so good.I honestly cannot think of anything that would make this place any better than it already is. Highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	A visit to Pittsburgh is not complete without stopping to get a fish sandwich at wholey's.  for $6.00 you get a cod sandwich with 2 large batter dipped, deep fried, hot, crispy filets.  I also get a side of smelts and an order of clam strips instead of fries.  Top it off with a glass (now plastic bottle - times change) of buttermilk and you have a real Pittsburgh tradition - well, maybe it's just MY Pittsburgh tradition, but it never disappoints.For the life of me, I cant figure out why people go to primanti's for a flavorless starch sandwich when they can get one of the best fish sandwiches on the planet!The market is fun too.  They have an impressive selection of fish and meats.  Not super fancy, but out of the ordinary.
5	It's the fishery wharfs of pittsburgh!!!!!! Has a whole area dedicated to fresh seafood, a meat department and groceries and food court which serves CHEAP ASS lobster sandwiches that were 2 for $9!!!!! It was sooooo good I bought some with me on the way back to toronto....also had this gigantic fish sandwiche and Mac n cheese lobster which was pretty good....no where in my mind did I think that pittsburgh would have fresh seafood....wish we had this back home in toronto
4	When I think of the Strip District, one of the first places that comes to mind is Wholey's. My husband and I have always enjoyed browsing around the fresh fish and meat. Though I'm not great about knowing competitive prices myself, I came here with my sister-in-law about a year or two ago, and she was extremely impressed with how inexpensive everything was. Currently, two of my favorite things from Wholey's are their fresh peanut butter (try the honey roasted, too) and their guava jelly. The peanut butter is out-of-this-world delicious. The guava jelly isn't mind blowing, but I can't find it at the local Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's, so I love that I can get it somewhere in Pittsburgh. (My mom grew up in Africa and my dad's mom was from Cuba, so I inherited a love of guava from both sides!) When my husband and I came here last weekend, we bought jellies and sauces for some family members as Christmas gifts, so I can't wait to find out what they think of all the items.
4	Fried fish! Delish! Super friendly staff. Pass on the fried oysters, they were not very good and tasted mush. The lobster rolls at 2 for $9 was a great deal. next time i'll try the crab cakes!
4	Maybe I'm nostalgic for the burgh,but I've been to lot's of fish places from New Orleans,Monterrey,and Half Moon Bay and this just does something the others can't do for me.It just feels like home. Great gumbo's,fish fries and seafood.
5	Such a cool little market.  This is a must do if you are in the area while visiting Pittsburgh.  You don't need to allocate a lot of time for this stop, maybe 15 minutes.  Just enough time to walk through the store and check it out.  It's part of the culture and it's the kind of place we would be regulars at if we lived in that neighborhood.
5	Best seafood market this side of the Mississippi. Great stop to just see all the fish, shrimp., crabs, lobsters, and other creatures of the sea. Fantastic live tanks are giant aquarims of fish. They also cook some of their fresh catch, cafeteria style with informal dining upstairs. The cod was delicious and very inexpensive.
5	WoW ! What a Place. Every Type of Fish, Cooked for You or Take it and Cook at Home. Also they Carry Just about Anything Else You Could be Looking for.
4	My favorite place for meat and seafood. They offer some of the freshest selections of fish and shellfish that I've had. All for a reasonable price. There's even a small cafe-like area upstairs for times when you just can't wait to get your fish fix. (I strongly recommend their po'boys.)
4	Wholey's has a large selection of fish, meats, and produce. Wholey's probably has the largest selection and variation of goods in the Strip. Based on the prices I noticed, I would assert that the prices here are on par with Giant Eagle. Obviously, some goods are a bit more expensive while others are a little less expensive.Despite having 'Fish Market' in the store's name, I have to say that the main draw were the prices in the meat section. I was able to pick up three cuts of thin NY Strip Steak and three cuts of Filet mignon for a bit over $12 for each. $4 for a cut of Filet Mignon! I'm not sure if there was a sale or a pricing error but wow. And I had no complaints about the quality of the meats.Wholey's is certainly worth a stop when visiting the Strip. Pay attention and you might find a great deal!
4	This post is mainly about the hot food served here, not their actual raw seafood because I never bought anything raw, but it sure smells like fish right as soon as you walk in. The hot food is to the left of the entrance as soon as you walk in, behind the sushi counter. Hot food menu includes fish sandwiches (ranging from $4.50-$7.99 by size/weight), crab cakes, soft shell crabs, and various appetizers/sides. I ordered the cod sandwich ($6.25) with a side of calamari ($3.99). The fish sandwich came loaded with crispy white fish meat between soft buns. Smother on some tartar sauce for the touch of perfection! I love the proportion of fish to bun. The calamari was crispy with a slight hint of salt and crunch. The breading was subtle and wasn't overpowering the taste of the squid like other calamari elsewhere. Definitely one of my favorite calamari recipes!Overall, I highly recommend stopping by Wholey's to try their hot food selections if you're a seafood fan looking for a quick and cheap lunch or snack!
4	This place is impressive.  When you walk in, you will be hit with the unmistakable smell of the sea - but not of the sea sitting out too long.  Everything looks fresh, and some items are still swimming! From your basics like salmon to more exotic items, there is basically everything you may want for a seafood feast.
5	Affordably priced. Got the lobster bisque and the Alaskan salmon with sweet soy. Excellent food and tremendous service! I highly recommend this place.
4	Great sea food prices. Can't be beat in the area! The small hint good section they have is great! The lobster Mac and lobster roll are fantastic. Also the sushi place is good to. The guy who runs it always has something funny to say.  All and all in all I rather shop there then giant eagle.
5	Spent the morning in the strip. No better place for strolling and people watching. Had lunch at wholeys cod sandwich fried to perfection. Moist white fish perfect amount of batter. Mancini roll. Heaven. Sister and niece had white cheddar lobster Mac n cheese.  WTH. Is was spot on flavor. Fries not cooked to my liking but cooked ok. I like my fries CRISPY. it's hard to get the fresh cut fries that way. ANYWHERE!!Oh the best part. ANDY  the Sushi chef. AMAZING.  WHAT A CHARACTER. He hits you in the face at the front door. A must stop for fishies.
5	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part VIII moved to Atlanta in December of last year from Pittsburgh and had yet to be back.  Virtually every Labor Day weekend of my entire life was spent in Pittsburgh with my parents, as my birthday falls within the window.  I promised my folks that I would make a long weekend out of it, and head on home.  The following reviews are a step-by-step account of the long weekend.  Enjoy!(For part VI, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/afRmUb4fRAis4pj4la81pg/review/37RV-CLTN_VtfuDV0aFwXQ?fsid=Z8qxRyyV5MsVe8lEfPWIYg)Wholey's is the best fish market I've ever been to.  When you enter, Andy of Andy's Sushi greets you at the door.  To the left is the kitchen area that's been there for as long as I can remember, and to the right a room filled with fresh fish being scaled and filleted by experts.  The kitchen is what I love the most about Wholey's.  When I was young, my parents would do their shopping, and before we left, they would pick up some fried shrimp for us.  We would then go back to the car and eat the shrimp on the tailgate of the car while watching all of the people go by.  If you buy fish from the market side of the building, you can then take it to the kitchen where they will cook it for you in whatever fashion you'd like.  Places like this are few and far between.Instead of fried shrimp at the end of our shopping, I now make it a point to go to the kitchen first and get a cup of incredible lobster bisque to carry around while I shop.  The soup is so flavorful and creamy and is the perfect comfort food on a cold day.In a very normal Strip moment for not only me, but just about everyone that I know, I didn't "need" anything, but I can't help myself when I'm here.  I picked up some pepper smoked salmon to have as a snack later in the day, and my mom went to town, buying what appeared to be nearly 400 lbs. of bacon, and a few bags of frozen calamari in her typical early preparation for Christmas Eve dinner (keep in mind that it's currently September).  Thanks to Wholey's, I'm pretty sure that the majority of my inheritance has been frittered away by my parents.  My guess is that the folks have single-handedly kept Wholey's in business all of these years on impulse buys alone.  Even if you don't have the need or travel means to buy a whole salmon or live crabs, Wholey's is at least worth checking out.(For Part VIII, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/1uvcySLWM75MzlLM12F8dA/review/6ht1cyxYCAKExjg_Tc_HwQ?fsid=s1rEBoNOZ5ycTbDCtvJrzA)
5	The freshest seafood you're going to get in the Pittsburgh area! They have everything and more. Try their seafood mac or their crab dip! AMAZING! Prices aren't bad either!
4	I stopped by here for lunch today on a bike ride through the Strip District.  The cool, windy fall weather put me in the mood for some warm comfort food, so I opted for the lobster mac and cheese and the lobster and crab bisque.  After debating about the sizes, I decided to get a small (8 oz.) mac and cheese with a Mancini's bread roll (upcharge of 65 cents) and a medium (16 oz.) lobster bisque.  I also had a small (16 oz.) homemade lemonade to go with my meal.  All of this set me back $12.20 w/ tax--not too bad!The soup and mac and cheese definitely put me in my warm comfort food happy place.  The flavors and textures were pretty good, but they were both a bit on the salty side.  Dial back the salt a bit, and they could be excellent.  I'm glad I decided to get the roll with them, since I used it to dunk in the soup, and it cut the saltiness of the two main items.  I'm also glad that I had the lemonade, too, since its sweetness also helped cut the saltiness.  Based on the freshness of the roll, I'll have to check out Mancini's!Service was pretty friendly, so no complaints there.  Yes, it does smell quite fishy when you first walk in, as well as over by the fishmonger and down in the basement where the bathrooms are located.  However, the upstairs seating area was nice and didn't smell too fishy to me (it's possible that my nose may have acclimated by then, though.)  There is a toy of some kind that kids play with that sings the same songs over and over and over again (I never did find it, but I could hear it clearly while eating my lunch).  It would be great if it could be moved to an area that isn't as audible to people sitting in the seating area.  (As a railfan, I loved the toy train, however!)  The only other criticism I have is the use of styrofoam cups. The soup bowls are compostable, which is great, but using styrofoam for all of the drink cups cancels out any environmental benefit.Overall, this was a solid lunch, esp. given the quality:price ratio.  I'll have to stop by again sometime to try the fried fish sandwich, since that's Wholey's signature item.  If you're a seafood fan--or are in the mood for warm comfort food, I'd definitely recommend the mac and cheese and lobster and crab bisque.  It hits the spot!
5	this is just for their famous 1 pound fried cod fish sandwich.  i split it wiht someone else, but it was still a behemoth.  and it sounds crazy to say because it's a 1/2 pound of fried fish that i ate, but it was really light.  add tartar sauce and there was also some sort of a fruit sauce that we added - delish.  market is smelly, but upstairs seating let's you get a little relief from that while you eat.  this place is a landmark.
5	First off - to the guy who gave one star because of the car park guy - you're an idiot! Parking is tough down there and if you aren't in wholey's move your car, so their customers can park. I wish I could Yelp punch you! Now on to wholey's - I have been coming here for at least 20 years and have never had anything less than excellent. The cod sandwich, crab cakes, shrimp po boy, and Louisiana gumbo are my favorite.The bathrooms do get a little gnarly on weekends, but what fish market has spectacular bathrooms?
4	My family and I like to order food, buy fish and meats when we find the time to drive up here all the way from Freeport. However, the layout is a bit awkward. You order your food, then wait while they prepare it. Once it's ready you grab your drinks, necessary condiments and pay. You then have to walk up a flight of stairs to sit down and eat. If you are new to this place, good luck finding everything before you food gets cold. I know it's a fish market in all, but it is still pretty disorganized for a place where you can get made to order food.
5	There is nothing better in the Strip than a Wholey's cod on soft!!!  The fish is the freshest and tastiest ever. Always fried to perfection. Always order onion rings and others in party order the lobster Mac, which is fantastic.  Suggestion - if the onion rings have been sitting, order fresh, they will make them.  The soups are better than anything we've had in New Orleans!  The staff behind the fish sandwich counter are not always the friendliest, but that is easily overlooked because of what you get in the end - fantastic food.  The cashier is always very nice and friendly.Yes, the parking to always had to get, but just be patient and wait it out in their lot.  (Wholey's just bought and tore down the candy store next to the parking lot for more parking).Of course, the fresh seafood in the store is always the best and the meat is the best there is along with the produce and unique items they sell.   The butcher staff are so helpful and friendly.Wholey's is the best place in the Strip!
4	I'm allergic to seafood but love every sort of market under the sun. For years I have strolled on past Whooley's thinking it was a mini seafood market with nothing for this girl. Boy, was I wrong!-fresh rolled sushi (he had a sign hanging as one of the best of Pitt magazine)-cases upon cases of living fish, lobsters, you name it -fresh produce -samples-seating are upstairs for those who decide to plunge in to the soft shell crab sandwiches or clam chowder -multiple types of seafood saladsDefinitely worth adding to your Strip District itinerary.
5	First off - I am a Philadelphian but whenever I visit the Steel City, Wholey's is a must.  My favorite is the fried fish sandwich and the lobster mac and cheese.  Recently I tried the clam strips, oh they were so fantastic.  My husband, a native Burgher, is all about the Shrimp Po Boy.  Second - the bread, oh that bread is wonderful, it adds so much character to an already awesome sandwich with super fresh fish.Lastly - portion size, I am full when I leave. they give huge pieces of fish.
