4	This is a special shout out to fellow Wildcats... Bison Witches has arrived, or at least, I just discovered it in the Phoenix metro!  While the Tempe branch lacks the special homey ambiance of the Tucson original, this will do.  The food is the same.  The prices are the same.  And the friendly laid back service is the same.  Whoops.  I forgot that I am writing for a wider audience.  For those of you who aren't in the know, Bison Witches is a laid back pub style restaurant that specializes in sandwiches, bread bowl soups and of course, beer.  Be warned, these are not fancy pants yuppie sandwiches like you might at LGO, but they are every bit as good in their own way.  I'm talking about ham and cheese on toasted Texas Toast, PB&J, and my favorite, the "Miss Priss" (turkey, cheddar, sprouts, and avocado).  If you are looking for a laid back venue for a cheap bite, you can't go wrong with Bison Witches.
4	I've never been to the flagship store in Tucson but have had quite a few great experiences with this particular Bison Witches. Probably because the sandwiches here are right up my alley: totally unhealthy and best paired with beer. I hang out from time to time at the Cue Club on Mill and they have some sort of arrangement so that your waiter/ress at Cue Club will go pick up orders for you at Bison Witches and bring them over to you while you shoot pool. How great is that? I especially endorse the bread bowls. We may not have the Fisherman's Wharf, but we have Bison Witches, and I'm cool with that.
4	Bison Witches Tempe definitely has a different ambiance than the Tucson original (a tiny older building where they eventually punched through the wall to overtake the space next door), but the food is still great.  I've been waiting for years for BW to make it up here.  I used to spend entire summers awaiting my first visit upon the return to school.  I think that the bread that they use at the Tempe store may be a little subpar to that of the Tucson bread, but it doesn't affect the taste enough that I don't go there whenever I get the chance.The house honey mustard is fantastic and may even help clear out your sinuses a bit too.  And, If you're really broke, you can get the half-sandwich meal with chips for $4 and it's decently filling.
2	I think i'm the only person on the planet that not only does not like Bison Witches, but actually has anger toward it.They always, always, always mess up my order. why? i have no idea. my dining patrons' food always comes out just fine, but mine - either the wrong sandwich entirely, or forgot to add something i asked for, or on my third and final trip that was prefaced with, "OK, I will give them one last chance," there was a hair in it. not just a strand that was probably mine anywa and could have made it's way from a gust and unfortunately on my plate, but baked right into the effing bread! sick.ok, ok, all that aside... i was also disappointed by all the talk i heard about how cool the Tucson branch is. cause i would never consider this a bar with good sandwiches. it's a sandwich joint and oh yeah, they have beer. you come at lunch time, sure, it's got some customers, but i've never seen this place rockin' on a sat night.i would compare the sandwich style to dilly's - thick bread slices and they sound like they would be tasty - i just wouldn't know because they can't seem to give me what i would like. so i say unless you're desperate for a drink, just go to dilly's.
1	This is the one of the most overrated place in town.  The vegetarian sandwhich is terrible.  I've given it three chances:  I tried it while I was drunk, I tried it for lunch on a weekday, and on a weekend afternoon.  The bread is horrendous and the flavor combination is far too random.  People who don't care about good bread might like it.  The bread is terrible.  It's like fat wonder bread.  I do like their drink specials.I think they stay in business because U of A alums like to reminisce about their days in Tucson.
3	Bison Witches feels like a series of tradeoffs to me.The sandwiches are big, instead of insanely good.The soups are all flavored with meat, and yet strangely watery.*Except for the chili which is kind of like some sort of spicy meat pudding.  The taste is "ok" but the texture of it gets me a little.Somewhere down on the scale of Taco bell where the "meat" product must be ground so fine that it resembles snuff or some other powdered substance.  Leading you to believe that it was either:A. instant powdered meat product (just add water) or B.  We put so many disgusting things in here we had to grind it to a paste to make sure you can't tell what it is.Moving past the chili, some of the sandwiches aren't half bad (I do like the "Veggiei") but for what they charge, I'd rather go to Dilly's or Sack's given the choice.The service has always teetered on the edge of passable.  The only real reason to come here is if you can get away with taking advantage of the lunchtime beer specials.  Just don't try to split a check.  They'll murderize ya.
5	For a quieter, more hip bar than what you'll likely find right on Mill Ave, head to Bison Witches!  The pub food menu is reasonably priced, and the nachos are delicious!  The beer selection here is awesome!  It's the only bar in town that I know of that serves beers from the elusive Canadian Unibrue.  The best beer at the bar is "La Fin du Monde," and it'll be served to you in a wine glass.  The atmosphere is fun but not as trashy as other bars right on the street.  A great place to people-watch!  There's a nice-sized outdoor area for smokers.  The inside is clean.  Service is fast, friendly, and personalized.  It's my favorite bar in all of Maricopa County!
4	Good stuff, the Fat Tire is so divine.  These guys use mixed gas on Fat Tire which is the only way to have it.  The Ruben is great, also the chili is good.  The price is also good, $7 for the soup and 1/2 sand which deal.  I would give this place 5 stars but the staff is not cool, they could learn some lessons on customer service.  They wouldn't fix my girlfriend's order after they screwed it up so now I can't get her to go back.
4	i love their menu!!!  the only problem is that there are so many great choices that i never know what to pick!  the portions are huge and they have a good beer selection and great prices... this is one of those great college dives that you can never go wrong with.
4	Definitely my go-to lunch spot on Mill.  It has always worked for my purposes: quick dinner with visiting parents, business lunch, date.  Parking is easy since it's right above the 6th Street underground parking.  They have a couple of vegetarian options for my herbivores, some hardcore meat options for my carnivores, and some delicious soups for those who don't want a sandwich.  I've pretty much tried every sandwich on the menu and they are all really great.  My favorite lately has been the grilled peanut butter and jelly on dark rye. A great deal is to get 1/2 sandwich & 1/2 soup for about $7.  The 1/2 sandwich is always too big for me and I usually take half of it home to be savored later.  This all comes with chips as well.I wish the potato soup didn't have bacon in it, but oh-well...it's good if you're ok with bacon.The service can be sporadic and you don't always get the most friendly of servers, but it is basically a bar, so it's doable. Definitely decent drink specials.The chips and salsa are REALLY GOOD.  Ahh, to be in Arizona where there is good salsa even at non-Mexican and non-Spanish restaurants...
4	What what???A Bison in Tempe??? Score!!HUGE Sandwiches as like the Tucson location however the "Wildcat" is now called the "Sundevil".... Go Figure.Things I love compared to the Tucson location,1. Clean, new and upkept atmosphere (thank you phoenix for having standards :) )2. More care given to food prep and presentation which means taster food3. Great location in Tempe
3	The parking to get here was a nightmare.I had lunch here with my ex wifes boyfriend on his recommendation.  The sandwich was good, but nothing beyond what I would have made at home.It sure beat the hell out of a burger, for sure.  I might eat here again if I hear some recommendations.
3	Best reason to go?  Happy Hour pints of Anchor Steam or Hoegarden for $2.50.The sandwiches are huge but I have yet to have anyone that is really any good.  I seriously don't recommend the chicken sandwiches. On their huge bread the place two small chicken breasts which had obviously been cooked that morning and left to harden.  The chilli nachos are fun bar food though, and the grilled pbj is a fun treat.Seriously though, that happy hour is awesome for beer fans.  Moosedrool, Fat Tire, Sierra Nevada all $2.50 as well.  mmm... beer....
2	met up with some friends here between classes at ASU, it is a good get away and not  hectic during lunch, the sandwich was.....what i expected, which is not a bad thing at all for me its hard to mess up a cold sandwich( just no mayo!!!!!!, they did anyway and i had to fight to get a new top with out the mayo) great beer selection, good stuff on tapand the server was very friendly and attentive....to the bar tender and fellow server,as for us i had to remind her that we her table and then the mayo incident, it happens no matter how many times you say no mayo some places it just still slips, no big deal until i ask for a new piece of bread and i thought i was going to be asked to leave.  i tried not to rant but here i go......... why do some places think that everyone loves mayo on everything its nuts!!!! i feel i am fighting a losing battle getting the word out, but i got to do something i tried and loathe the stuff......any-hoo....if you are on mill check them out for lunch you'll get a good cold sandwich and a great beer to go with just be patient with the help..... god bless them they are nice to look at but might be confused as to what their job there actually is..........go get me my freakin sandwich and no mayo!
5	This is straight up, the best sandwich place for carnivores.Long ago, when I still ate meat, I ordered the Club and was floored by how good it was. At the time, I was quite the Club Sandwich aficionado, I guess you could say I was a Club Sandwich Member (har har har). There is so much meat on this thing, that it's near disturbing, and the portions are huge. The half sandwich is literally about the size of a typical full sandwich.Besides, the name is Bison Witches, get it?Bison Witches ...Buy Sandwiches!That's just plain clever.
2	It's not that I don't like this place, it's just that it's very run of the mill. Bison Witches does the standard sports bar cum college drinking hole thing. That's all that can really be said about this place. You can't really hate this place for that because it is what it is. A milquetoast spot at its most average..
4	not only do they have great sandwiches, they have one of the greatest sandwiches ever to appear on a menu: grilled peanut butter and jelly.bison witches (which, if you say it right, it sounds like buy sandwiches) is a great spot to meet friends for a casual lunch.  its right in the heart of downtown tempe off mill and is also a great spot to watch ASU football home games.i believe the owners also own quinton's in iowa city, iowa.http://www.yelp.com/biz/quintons-bar-and-deli-iowa-city
2	I wanted to like Bison Witches.  Unfortunately, the best thing Bison Witches has going for it is its clever name. Let's start with the high points.  The sandwiches are large--the half sandwich is easily what you'd make for yourself at home and would call a sandwich.  The menu has a pretty large selection of sandwiches, and there are some other options, like soup and some appetizers.  There's a fair bit of outdoor seating to enjoy the gorgeous spring weather.  And, if you like beer, they've got a pretty good selection, even sporting a Hoegaarden on tap (a personal favorite).  They have some pretty decent happy hour specials... as such, if you're looking to waste away an afternoon hanging out with your friends, chatting over a few beers, and enjoying the day, you could do worse (especially being near Mill Ave.)The place is really more bar than sandwich shop--the inside is a rectangular space lined with booths, with a a square bar in the middle surrounded by free-standing tables.  A couple of TVs strewn around the bar is a nod to a sports-bar environment, though I wouldn't ever visit with the real intention of watching a game.  As for the booth we sat in, it was broken, and I spent a fair bit of my time moving the seat back in place and wondering if it would tip it over.   As renowned as the sandwiches are, I was disappointed to find them to be all bread.  The bread is fairly enjoyable, actually, as it's fresh and the slices are sizable and toasted.  But when they pair it with the rest of the sandwich, it's really not much to write home about.  I didn't feel any desire to try another sandwich after sampling the beef & brie on wheat--a little too sweet, too much bread.  My friend was none-to-impressed with her club, an easy sandwich that should please all comers.  The service was mediocre at best, perhaps bordering on curt a couple times, but I did appreciate their leaving us to be and drink for some time after we finished eating.  You could do worse with your time and money, but you could certainly do better.  I wouldn't make plans to go to Bison Witches again, but I might go there again if pressed.  Certainly I'd be happy to sit there and throw back a couple Hoegaardens with friends and not worry about all the stuff I should really be doing...
3	Everything I bit into here was good, and the sandwiches were huge!  I had the Sundevil sandwich, and while the spicy Russian mustard may have been a little too much for me, I still liked it.  They have a wide selection of sandwiches and I wanted to try each one.  I'm willing to bet they are just as good or better.My girlfriend had the Wisconsin Cheese soup and it was YUMMY.  I love cheese!Good beer selection... good food!
3	I liked this place in previous years when their selection was more focused on the quality craft beers.  For the longest time I could get a great milk stout here.  On my last visit one of the neon beer logos in the window was not actually available on tap any longer, and many of the better craft beers had disappeared.  It's becoming more of a college dive bar with mediocre food and sligthly high prices.  Music was loud too, but perhaps I'm just getting too old for this place.
5	Huge sandwiches, good, ice cold beer.  Perfect for drinking between classes.
4	I love this place! While it is almost always very low key and there isn't much of a crowd, it is sometimes nice for a chill place to grab a pint or a delicious sandwich at that. Prices are also very affordable compared to most places on Mill.
4	I LOVE this place...with that said, I haven't been back in quite a while now and from the other (more recent) reviews - it seems the quality of the place has gone down hill, which is a huge shame.When I used to frequent this place, it had a great craft/local beer selection, awesome specials and the food was stellar.  I always enjoyed getting the half sandwich and soup option, which included a great sourdough bread bowl.  Now, I will admit...probably the last time I went here (2 + years ago), I could already tell that the bread bowls and the serving of soup had gotten smaller but that really didn't phase me because the soup (I regularly ordered the clam chowder) was so delicious.I hope they keep up the quality and don't allow this place to turn into a dive bar...I will be really disappointed.  I'm hoping to go here on a return trip soon and that would be devastating.
2	Crap.Crap crap.Crap.Is that not sufficient?  Do you need more than that?  Okay: go there and order a reuben, and see what happens.  First, they'll ask you what type of bread you want.  On my reuben?  I'll take rye, because if it isn't rye then it's not a reuben.  Thank you.Then they will include lunch meat-style corned beef, which just pisses me off.  Because it doesn't taste delicious, it tastes like what you get from a cafeteria.  And then they have thick ass bread, which, in my opinion, is what you put on a sandwich when you don't want people to realize that what's in between the slices of bread sucks ass.Or, the nachos.  They use movie theater cheese (which is a one-star bonus for me, only reason they have 2 stars) but the chili is totally tasteless.  I don't get how people can cook something like chili and send it out to the world when it tastes like nothing.  Not bad, not good, just *nothing.*  Here's a tip: find something that tastes and heave it into the pot.  Just a thought.I hate myself for being convinced to go here over slices.  Because the place sucked a fat one.
4	I love this place, where else can you go for happy hour in the area and have an awesome selection of beer (Stella, Sam Adams, Guinness, Moose Drool, etc) for only $2.50 a pint!!    They also have there "select wells" for $3 which isn't the crappy alcohol that is normally used at other bars.  Friends would always say, Really, that's where you want to go for happy hour?  I like this place because you can come here on a Friday afternoon for happy hour and you can easily find a seat and carry on a conversation, the bartenders and waitress are all nice and friendly, the place is just laid back.  The food leave a little to be desired but who cares when you have Cheap Good Drinks!
3	Something must have happened at Bison Witches between January and August. New management? Maybe down economy? What ever it was, the "huge sandwiches" that many have mentioned, including my friend Austin who was with me yesterday, have been replaced by huge slices of bread.Thick slices of bread are perfect for french toast, but shouldn't be anywhere near a sandwich. Maybe if what was in between the slices was served in an equally generous portion, this would be okay, but as it was served to me, the massive slices of bread only emphasized the meager portions of meat and toppings. This was disappointing to say the least.The quality of the soup and half sandwich I ordered was decent. The soup definitely better than the sandwich, but also in a smaller portion than the reputation of this place suggested.It's a cool atmosphere with a decent selection at the bar. The Pumpkin Porter from Four Peaks was especially good.The service left much to be desired. Our meals were brought to us by a different server than took our order and was visibly annoyed that we were in the middle of a conversation when she showed up to give us our food. How dare I finish the sentence I was wrapping up while she waited roughly 5 seconds with our food. But hey, that's how I roll.Our experience at Bison's was  2.5 stars. I'll give them the extra .5 for offering Four Peaks seasonal. Other than that, it's no the kind of place I see myself craving.
3	Bison and Witches is a Bar and Deli just off Mill. I stopped in with a group of 5 to have a bite to eat and some drinks. The atmosphere is casual with a younger crowd, at least the night I went. I enjoyed the music playing, which was Lithium on XM.There was a modest amount of people there at 7:30 pm on a Tuesday.. There is a wide variety of sandwich options to go with as well as a full bar and several beers on tap. All pints were $3. A pretty good deal! There are other specials each nightI ordered the Philly for dinner. When the waitress asked me what bread I wanted, I was a bit shocked.  I've never had a Philly not on a roll. . When I got the sandwich, the sandwich was huge. I would estimate 10 inches long and very wide.  The sandwich was well done, the bread nicely toasted, but could have used more meat with such large slices of bread. With any sandwich, you get to choose your choice of Poore Bros. Chips. Bonus!!! I enjoy Poore Bros chips, especially the BBQ Ranch that  I've only found at Dilly's and no place else.  Now I know of another location.My friend ordered a chicken sandwich and although he liked his sandwich, he felt there could have been less bread or given more chicken. I think his chicken filled about half the bread.The waitress was very nice and attentive to our needs for several hours.There is a small patio outside and several TV"s to see a game or watch ESPN highlights.3.5 stars.
5	Bison Witches (buy sandwiches,  GET IT???!!!) has been one of my favorites for years.  I first went to Bison Witches in Tucson.  When ever I go to Bison Witches I get the half soup half sandwich combo.  I usually order the Wisconsin Cheese Soup and the Beef and Brie Sandwich.  The soup is served in a delicious bread bowl.  I eat the soup and the bowl.  I know I am a little piggy.  The half sandwich is huge by the way.  Whole sandwiches are really huge.  Their sandwiches are excellent.  You also get a choice of Poor Brother Potato Chips with your combo.  The prices can't be beat.Their bar is great and has great daily specials.  Try the Moose Drool, direct from Montana.  Its a good beer.I am glad Bison Witches opened in Tempe.  It saves me a two hundred mile drive to Tucson.  I would still make that drive to Tucson if Bison Witches hadn't opened in Tempe.  It is that good.
2	I recently went here for lunch and ordered a chicken caesar salad. I was amazed with how they managed to fit what seemed like an entire chicken in the small bread bowl, with about 10 small pieces of lettuce. If you like cubed chicken and at least 500 grams of protein in one sitting, you should definitely order the chicken caesar salad. Besides my not so great first impression of this restaurant, I'm always willing to try at least 2 items on a menu before I say I never want to go back.
5	i've been eating at bison witches for 7 years now.  i started in tucson when i went to UA, and even though this one is on ASUs campus, i'll go because the food is that good.i almost always get the soup and sandwhich combo - the sundevil (in tucson its the wildcat) and the cream of brocolli soup.  yummm!!  they give you plenty of soup in a bread bowl, and if you're like me and like to dip, they give you the top of the bread bowl that they cut off.  they also give you the insides of the bread bowl too!  as everyone else has said, the sandwhiches are huge!!  you could order just half a sandwhich and be good, but you would be missing out on some deliciousness.  and you get all this food for just $7.75 (when i first started eating here, it was only $6.50, which was perfect for the poor college kid).i've also had their chicken cheese nachos, which is a cafeteria tray filled with tortilla chips, covered in lettuce, tomatoes, queso and cubes of chicken.  it's an appetizer, but could definitely serve as a meal for 2.also tasty their chili and chili con queso.  yummm....
4	A beer with instructions on the label?!  This is right up my alley!Great selection of beer, friendly service, great sandwiches!! The server was really nice and offered suggestions when I wanted to try something new. The sandwiches all sounded so delicious, I had to just go with with first one on the menu, the Sun Devil. Pretty tasty! As we were leaving, I saw the TRAY of nachos go by . . . can't wait to return and try those next time!
4	How big is not big enough?  Well, apparently given other reviewers' sentiments Bison Witches' generous sandwiches fall into that category.  I guess we now know why America suffers from an obesity epidemic.  The portions at Bison Witches are more than ample (that is a friendly poke at all you fatties).  I had the Sundevil sandwich as part of the half sandwich and soup combo, and it was not small.  For most people making sandwiches at home, the half sandwich that I was served would probably be bigger than the whole sandwich that you would make on your own.  Quantity is one thing, but I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the food was really good too.  Both the sandwich and soup definitely tasted as though they were made from high-quality ingredients.  The bread tasted as though it was bakery-quality, and the sandwich ingredients were definitely a lot better than your typical cold cuts.  Plus the server was very attentive which definitely added to the overall experience.  The only downside to my meal was that it took an unconscionably long time to get served.  I don't fault the server, it was almost as if the kitchen staff was hung over from an intense workweek night of partying and too apathetic to slap together some sandwiches and soup.  For those of you who have been to Dilly's, there is no longer a need to go there for your lunchtime sandwich fix.  Bison Witches should definitely be at the forefront of your lunch lineup.
4	probably the best bang for your lunch buck in Tempe. For i think $7.95 you get a half sandwich (still big) a soup in a bread bowl and a bag of chips. If you aren't full after eating all that i doubt there is any place where your going to be full for lunch without spending a small fortune.I love the clam chowder here but the potato bacon is also really good. I have had a bunch of different sandwiches here and never found one I didn't like. I love the combinations they come up with here like the beef and Brie or the C.A.B. They have a ton of different combos and use cheeses you don't find many other places like Gouda or the Brie. Another huge plus is that they have a bar so if your having a rough day of work or class you can slip in that mid-day relaxer.Only thing i don't like here is they put sprouts on everything but if you ask for things without them they always leave them off. Been here a bunch never once did they send mine out with sprouts on it.If your looking for soup and sandwich for cheap in Tempe it comes down to here or dilly's but I think the unique combos on the sandwiches allows a narrow edge to Bison.
1	Having worked on Mill Ave for 7 years, my co-workers and I have frequented Bison Witches for lunch on many occassions but stopped because service was generally too slow for your standard work day lunch hour.  A group of us made it the site of a recent happy hour and will never return for many reasons - none of which had anything to do with the beer selection or food. The service was terrible - and it wasn't even a busy night, in fact we were the majority of the bar patrons.  Not only was it difficult to get a drink (bartender too busy texting - with three or four of them behind the bar serving) we were yelled at by the servers for standing by the bar.  Granted if we'd been blocking the ONLY way through, I could understand needing to ask us to move - but when there was plenty of space to pass through to deliver trays to tables and using profanity to do so was absolutely inappropriate.  Again, our group comprised a majority of the bar business at that time of the evening.Food isn't that great, there are other places with equally good if not better beer selections and MUCH better, faster, nicer service.POST EDIT: I wanted to update this revie to reflect that the owner of Bison Witches has since contacted me and extended a very gracious apology for the events that occured.  He handled it very well and dealt with the employee in question.  I greatly appreciated him taking the time and responding in a very timely manner - I certain believe this will make me give them a second look next time we're in the market for a happy hour location!  Thanks!
4	I had the Boston Clam Chowder soup in a bread bowl and it was fabulous! The corned beef sandwich was not amazing but the soup made up for it.
3	Full bar and a bunch of crazy crap on the walls. But wait, there's more! Sandwiches, soups and salads?? Soups are served in small bread bowls and the chunk of soft, fresh bread that is removed from the bun in order to make a bowl - that comes with your order. The soups aren't bad - three cream-based choices or chili. The chili is pretty good - hearty texture without too much chunk and not too spicy nor mild, a good balance. Skip the veggie sandwich. It comes with too many different vegetables, such as artichoke hearts, olives, and green peppers, all cut up into small pieces so when you bite into the sandwich, everything falls out the other end. Even with two kinds of cheese, this sandwich is severely lacking something flavor-wise. Herbs, perhaps? Anyway, I think I'll stick to drinking here (heavy pours) and getting a soup to go when I pay my tab.
3	My wife and I went here for lunch today.  The place wasn't very crowded and the service was fast and friendly.  The food came out pretty fast as well.We both ordered a 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad.  The salad was pretty unique in that it came in some sort of bread bowl.  Unless you are a big bread eater than it was pretty worthless and a pain in the ass.  It was very difficult to mix in the dressing without making a mess and destroying the bread bowl.  The sandwiches are pretty good but I'm not a big fan of the bread.  They give you ginormous slices of bread and I think it is waaay to bready.The prices are pretty good and for about $10 I got a big sandwich (very big for only 1/2), a salad, chips and a drink.Think of this place as a Dilly's Deli with a bar.  Bison Witches is probably a decent drinking spot on Mill, but the food is just eh.
1	Pretty annoyed with this place.  Only reason I am ok with giving them any stars, is they had Kiltlifter on tap, otherwise i would strongly campaign for a zero star review.  I got the "Miss Priss" it tasted like sour garbage. Mushy, warm, sour garbage. How do you mess up a turkey sandwich???  YUCK.  My friend got the "Hawaii chicken", he quickly named to vomity badness. the chicken breast was brown.... not dark meat, BROWN. I was going to take my leftover 3/4 of a sandwich and give it to a homeless person or something, but i didn't want to make they're day any worse... So long story short, if you wanna go spend 13.50....17.00 with tip, spend that money somewhere else because mill is popping off with waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy better places than this. chronic tacos next door looks interesting and the munchies deli as well.
4	Went in for a quick lunch. We decided to order two sandwiches and share them. We ordered the Green Turkey on wheat and the Beef & Brie on Rye. I took a little time to get our order, but we had a pint of beer that was the daily special. These sandwiches are no joke. They are HUGE! We could have easily just shared one. The Green Turkey was the star. It is very good. I'm still craving it. The Beef & Brie was OK. They should really add some more Brie, it was such a little portion you could barely taste it. The bread is cut really thick and I ended up removing half of mine and eating the sandwich open faced. Check it out!
3	Not bad.  At least it's not right on Mill.
4	The chicken nachos are way better than the chili nachos. They have $2.50 domestic bottles on Saturdays!We went during an ASU game and it was busy but not crazy packed.
4	After walking around Mill, in search of a late-night dinner spot, the boyfriend and I ended up at Bison Witches. The atmosphere was relaxed, making it a great place to sit, talk, and watch some sports. Our waitress was very nice and always made sure we were taken care of, without constantly interrupting our conversation. We decided to split The Miss Priss and a bread bowl filled with Cream of Broccoli soup and two bags of potato chips. The sandwich was fairly simple, but prepared well. The soup was creamy and the perfect compliment to the cold sandwich. The bill came to $15, which was well worth the meal, service, and atmosphere!
5	This place is great for getting a decent priced sandwich and not walking away hungry.  Sometimes I get a half sandwich and the Wisconsin cheese soup in a bread bowl, which is really good.  I've tried just about every sandwich they have and they have all been great.  The bread is soft and fresh.  It's definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
3	I'd come back.  The sandwich was decent.  My rye bread was burnt and the honeymustard sauce was too sweet for my liking.  But it was a large hearty sandwich with good ingredients.  Hard to find that is the area and from a bar.  I would come here over Jimmy John's anyday!
4	Great place to go for lunch! They can usually get you in and out and back to work near Mill in an hour! I suggest getting half a sandwich and a beer. It's more than enough to fill you up and ends up costing the same and just a sandwich! I've never been there at night but I'm sure it's great then too.
4	I didn't even know this place existed until a coworker suggested eating here for lunch today. I was pleasantly surprised. We both got the half sandwich (brie and beef) and half soup (clam chowda). It also comes with chips. The portions were large for the price ($8.25) and the soup comes in a yummy bread bowl. I was happy with the flavors and the bang for my buck so I definitely will be eating here again!
2	I've been here three or four times now, and I figured it's about time I review this place.  First of all, the only reason I ever come here (after the first trip, of course) is because someone else is buying.  Because I would never pay $8 for two giant slices of bread with a few meager slices of lunch meat in between.  They have some great sandwich ideas there, but it's hard to realize any of those ideas when you can't even taste them between all that bread.  At least at Dilly's (at least the last time I went there), they actually put some meat on your sandwich, even if it doesn't hang over the edge.  Oh, and Dilly's also gives you *both* a pickle and a choice of various sides, instead of a pickle *or* a crappy bag of chips.Truth be told, I'm being generous with this two star rating.  Bison Witches really sucks, when you consider how much it pales in comparison to Dilly's, which itself isn't exactly a gourmet sandwich shop.EDIT: Allegedly they'll give you the pickle for free if you ask for it.  Not sure why that's not just the default option, but whatever...
4	Last year, my husband and I walked by this place and decided not to stop in.  Today, we were searching for a place to have soup and sandwiches and stumbledon Bison Witches on Yelp.  After reading everyone's reviews, we decided to give it a try.  I am glad we did!  For $8, you can get a 1/2 sandwich (which is almost big enough to be the whole sandwich) a soup in a bread bowl and a bag of chips.  I had the Beef and Brie sandwich which had the perfect amount of Brie and mustard on it!  The potatoe bacon shop was also fabulous.  The soups are creamed based, but not at all heavy.  My husband had the Green Turkey which he also said was fabulous.  My only complaint about our trip today was service was a little slow, however, my waitress apologized for it and we also went at lunch time (so give yourself time if you are there during peak hours).  I will definitely be coming back to try another one of their fabulous sandwiches!
3	I really liked this place. I went for happy hour with my friend and had a good time there. I just got nachos and a drink so I do not know much about their food but I heard they have really great sandwiches. It is amongst  many of the cool places on Mill Ave.
3	I've been taking advantage of the holidays to try out the various places on Mill Ave in Tempe. I work about 5 minutes away, and a friend suggest BW, so I decided to check it out.  It is definitely a bar that sells food rather than a restaurant with a bar. The atmosphere is definitely that of a pub. It was packed for lunch today, but the two waitresses, who ere very busy, were on top of things as well as being friendly.  They have sandwiches and soup (in bread bowls). I had a bread bowl of soup for $4.75. The clam chowder was good on this cold day, and the bread was good - tasty and not too heavy. The soup was plenty of lunch so I didn't get the 1/2 sandwich ($8.75 for the pair), but I could see others had some huge sandwiches - very large bread - so if you like bread, it should be heaven.
2	I just got back from lunch with my co-worker.  This was the first time both of us had been to Bison Witches.  I was excited to go because I had heard good things about the food which ended up being true.  Unfortunately despite the good food I will not be going back again because of the service.  My co-worker and I came in right before the rush, picked our table and asked for water to drink.  So far so good but here's where is takes a turn for the worst.  My glass had massive old lip-gloss or lipstick staining around the rim, not the end of the world but kinda gross.  It seems the entire staff working was preoccupied with setting up a table for another party and we sat for nearly 15 mins. without our original server coming back or any of the other people walking by us setting up the table 2 1/5 ft from our coming over and reassuring us that someone would be with us.  So by the time the manager came over and asked if we were ready to place our order like we just arrived I was a bit frustrated.  No sorry about the wait or anything to the like and when I presented my lip stained glass stating I needed a new one he picked it up without really acknowledging what I had just said, brought it close to his face and inspected the glass for about 15 seconds like he was verifying what I stated was indeed fact.  Again, no sorry I'll get you some fresh water or anything of the like.  Now I'm insulted.  When he comes back with my clean glass of water I confirm that he is the manager and tell him how his response to my issue was very insulting and he goes on the defensive.  I wasn't there to argue only to express how what he did made me feel as a consumer and he had to let me know that as a manager he wanted to inspect it to see what the issue was.  I told him next time he should take it away from the table because it doesn't come across well.  Now I'm pissed off and before I can get my food I've already determined I will never come back again.At the end of our dining experience our original server came over to clear and apologized for the wait which was greatly appreciated.  Her manager could learn something from her customer service skills.  She asked if we would like our bill split, did so and had our change back to us quickly; nice job. Bottom line is you can find good food at a bunch of places so it's the total experience that seperates the good places from the not so good places.  Because the total experience was lousy I can't see past the errors to return or recommend to anyone else to go.
5	First time i came here i was super impressed.  My friend from work brought me here because she had been raving about their bread bowl soups.  We finally went on a cold day and it was the best idea ever.  I ordered a half chicken salad sandwich that was enormous and cut that in half as well.  I ordered the soup to go with it that was Chili.  Best chili hands down that i have ever eaten.  It also came with some cheddar cheese on top. Best idea ever.  I ate all the soup and was wishing for more space in my stomach to eat more.  I can't wait to bring more people here and eat this again.
5	The bartender Ferrell was great. I had never been here and he gave great me great service and conversation, I will definitely return soon. Good drink specials and good food, but the good service is what always will bring people back. Good people bring good people, period.
4	Love this place! I go maybe every other Friday night after getting off work and walk right over with my girlfriend.  Our server recognizes us and puts in our order as soon as we sit down without having to say anything! You can't beat $3 marg's on Fridays! Plus there sandwiches are to die for!
4	Went for lunch last week with a friend - very prompt service, good variety on the menu, great food in a very hip atmosphere.
4	The beer selection is outstanding. I recommend the avalanche for any amber ale lovers like myself. The food is pretty good too. I've tried both the beef and brie and the C.A.B. The beef and brie was too sweet for me, but what would one really expect when putting brie on their sandwich? The C.A.B. was awesome! It was the perfect mixture of perfectly cooked chicken, bacon and avocado.My friend who was with me got the ham and cheese... a sandwich that she claims she gets everywhere. She said this one was one of her favorites in the Valley.I've also had the baked potato soup and the spinach and artichoke dip. These are two food items that I am crazy picky about.... because I love them when they are done right (not to mention I get them whenever they're on the menu). The soup came in their notorious bread bowl. The bread bowl? Amazing. The soup? Eh, a little too bacon-y for my liking. However, it was good... just not the best I've had.The spinach and artichoke dip was just okay in my opinion. It was way too runny. It did have chunks of artichokes though, which is something I enjoy. I just prefer my dip to be more like dip and less like soup.During March Madness they did a line-up of beers that work well together for $6, it was nice because you were able to try different beers and if you didn't like one, they often would let you switch to a different one.So, would I go back? Hell yeah!! The beer selection is enough to make me go back, but the scrumptious sandwiches make it a done deal. They also now offer curbside pick-up, which I think is nice since parking on mill can be a complete hassle.
1	Ha ha......we waited and waited and waited. Finally ordered food. Waited much longer then asked if we wanted our tab-uh still haven't got the food! Wow maybe the food is good but I wouldn't know. Slowest place hands down.
3	Just an update to my prior review: The owner did contact me and apologize for the lack of service on the day we were there. We did get food after a long wait and it was pretty darn good. It just so happened the day we went there was the same day as the Railroad Revival Tour which brought a good 10,000 concert goers to the area, plus the usual crowds. So I'm not sure if it was lack of planning or if someone called off, it just didn't turn out well for us. And granted we noticed tables around us being turned at a pretty good clip so I think we may have fallen into a void there and were forgotten. I would like to go there again and try there sandwiches, just with a better turn around.
2	I wasn't impressed. The bread is dense and the options leave a lot to be desired. I got a veggie sandwich and even though the ingredients looked great, they didn't sing when all together. The Sundevil was better (I have to give them credit for the spicy mustard, it is divine) but still not good enough for me to go back.
4	The veggie sandwich was great. Not your typical sandwich with veggies in place of meat. Taste was actually taken into account. My meat eating friends even order the veggie sandwich. It's that good. The waitress was very nice, personable and friendly.
4	The sandwiches I have tried have been excellent. In a true deli-sense, they cater to the man-sized appetite. That being, their sandwiches are massive, but are still priced well to the budget eater. If you are conscious about what you eat, I highly suggest you get the half-portion instead; even half of a sandwich is still bigger than normal. The beer selection is absolutely wonderful as well, because there is something to cater to every taste. Prices are low enough where you can afford to experiment with new flavors or brews. The only thing I'm not too keen on are the bread bowls. As much as they are a cult favorite, primarily due to their size, their soups remind me of what you can find in a can of Cambell's. The location is both a burden and a blessing. If you work nearby or attend ASU, you can conveniently walk or take a local area shuttle. If you do not, then parking is an absolute disaster. Service quality varies due to time of day or week, primarily due to Mill Avenue traffic. Early in the afternoon I have always had great and speedy service.
4	I decided to visit Downtown Tempe & Bison Witches this last week before The Horde of Mongrels that make up the ASU student body were back in session. +Amazing what a difference not having to step around piles of puke & their young creators can make.LOL+  Downtown Tempe is actually a really nice place to be. Who Knew? Walking into Bison Witches always reminds me of Flagstaff.  That same feel, that same ambiance, only its 35 degrees hotter outside.  A truly quirky place with a great little Craft Beer Selection & Bread Bowl Soups to die for. While there I had a Brecken Ridge Vanilla Porter and a Hop Otin IPA. Soup was on, so I went for the potato bacon, always very good. Service at the bar was great and I even ran into a few Craft Beer Gurus who like me were there enjoying the area before the ASU cattle herds return. Most definitely worth a try!  Cheers!
3	This is one of those three and a half star moments for me, Bison Witches is a sandwich shop with a fairly impressive beer selection and fair prices. I like their chili cheese nachos quite a bit and Kristen likes the miss pris. There's really nothing extraordinary here though, good food, good booze, good service, good prices. It's all good. Three and a half.
4	I really like Bison Witches! They have $1 jello shots and amazing sandwitches! Their sandwitches are HUGE and their soups are good also. They have a full bar and a cool atmosphere. If you are on mill, I would definately suggest stopping in for a drink and sandwitch.
1	I'm from Tucson..been at the Tucson location since I can remember. This place doesn't hold a candle to the original. Rude, impersonal staff. A stale selection of has been micro brews..the employees rotate more than the taps do..my final day here consisted of me trying to order lunch with a shitty beer the server recommended..and him talking to his frat friends for about fifteen mins before i left three bucks on the bar for the beer I didn't drink, and left. I took a screen shot of the exchange that took place on facebook that was supremely unprofessional..maybe I'll post it..
1	I just had a pretty unfortunate experience at Bison Witches in Tempe.  I remember liking this place when I went to ASU but not anymore!  It literally (no exaggeration) took 1.5 hours for our lunch, which was 3 people eating soups and sandwiches.  Our order took 45 minutes to arrive at our table (again, soup and sandwiches!), and several tables around us that had come in AFTER us, got food before us.  I normally am pretty easy going about stuff like this, but the server and a guy that appeared to be a manager/owner didn't even acknowledge the long wait time, no apology, nothing.  They weren't even that busy!  Our server barely even spoke to us when she came to the table, and acted like we were inconveniencing her.  I also saw her roll her eyes at another one of her tables as they got up to leave.  What kind of service is that!?  I wish I could say the food was any saving grace, but it wasn't.  Mediocre soup in a bread bowl, less than mediocre turkey on a bland sandwich.  I will NOT be going back, there's no point!  Save your time and money and hit up another one of the tasty places on Mill Ave.  Trust me, you'll be better off!
4	LOVE Bison Witches. The bread bowls are where it's at. My only complaint is that I get bored with their menu. I wish they would do a special from time to time.
4	Never had a bad meal or a bad beer here.  Great selection of brews and the food that they make is simple and GOOD.  Great recipe for success.  Service is a little spotty but expected due to the fact that these are college students who really (speculating here and actually giving the benefit of the doubt) don't care too much about customer service - it's just a job to them.
5	I went in a group on a Friday night once and it was still pretty decent. Lunch is slow on weekdays and the alcohol menu is full of options. I keep coming back for the Green Turkey sandwich. The staff rushed us once, but other than that they're all nice and quick to provide refills and answer questions about the beers. I keep coming back for more and highly recommend others to do so as well.
4	I spent 4 years eating at the Bison Witches in Tucson.  Though this place clearly isn't in Tucson, the menu holds dear food memories to me and it would probably be hard for me to not rave about it.  I love their 1/2 sandwich 1/2 soup option.  I love the potato bacon soup.  Their bread the sandwiches come on is always delicious.  It's big and thick and always fresh.  The service was a bit slow at first, but once the waitress came over it was good from there.  I definitely suggest giving Bison Witches a try if you haven't before.  If you've been, even to another location, you know this place is great!
5	I was getting tired of going to a sports bar so i was looking for a good bar to go to with great drink specials. I stumbled upon this bar and decided to go in and check it out. The bar seemed like a bar that had a lot of regulars because the bartender knew everybody there. I really enjoyed that about this place. The bartender was extremely friendly and talked to you as if you were best friends. He even bought us a round of shots! The drinks were reasonably priced and were always promptly brought when ordered. I didn't eat any of the food because I was on a strict liquid diet for the night. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I've eaten here a couple times and I believe that the food is just not quite as good as the one in Tucson.  It is just ok but not worth going out of your way for. However, I recently discovered that they have the Left Hand Brewing Co's milk stout on nitro so that earns them an extra star in my book.  They also make a pretty good Bloody Mary.
4	QUINTON'S IN THE DESERT!!!!!!Sorry to burst your bubble, Tempe and Tucson, but I was introduced to this tasty sandwich steez in heaven on earth, Lawrence, KS. HOME OF THE JAYHAWKS!!!  Don't believe me? Check it: http://www.quintons.com/lawrence-ks-menu/I forget how I stumbled upon this  menu on Yelp, but I nearly Yelped in my pants when I saw the menu. The gentleman and I were both of work this past sunny Wednesday afternoon and I decided delicious sandwiches and college memories were in order.God, you guys. It is still so delicious. And HUGE. The bread is insane. I absolutely love the veggie sandwich's combo of cheeses, avocado, sprouts and other assorted good stuff. (Minus the cream cheese and ago, der.) It tastes of undergrad perfection!Our server was a cute little 22 year old who was super nice and laid back in a hippie-dippie kind of way. We left oh-so-full and happy. We'll be back, southwest Q's!!
5	Nick the bartender was super great, very accommodating and a great support system to our photo hunt game. He gave us some jello shots and hooked it up. We will be back here everyday for the next few weeks. Loveeee bison. Woo0
3	Bison Witches (the Lawrence, Kansas location) holds a special and highly sentimental place in my heart -- I stopped there on my long drive from the midwest to Tucson, for my first year of undergrad.  Then when I arrived in Tucson, what did I find?  Bison Witches!  Right there on Fourth Ave!  So on a recent swing through Phoenix, I convinced my carful of road-trippers to stop at good ol' Bison Witches for a late (around 3pm) lunch.I try not to let sentimentality get in the way of my reviews, which is how BW landed at three stars for me that day.  They might've earned four stars, but our food took FOREVER, and longer than fellow patrons', at a non-busy time and with no explanation.  Our waitress was nice enough but pretty MIA (which is NOT my usual service complaint, as I can't stand hover-y servers), and we didn't see her at all between ordering and receiving our food (over 30 minutes later).  When she delivered it there was no acknowledgement of the wait time or the fact that the three other tables of people in the whole place had all gotten their food before us, despite ordering after.Oh well.  Everyone has an off-service day.  The sandwiches were good, but not as good as I remember (is anything ever as good as in our memory?).
1	The sandwiches here are very overrated.  All bread, very little meat.  The service is poor.  Take your business elsewhere.
5	I was just at Bison Witches last night and discovered that they had added a monthly sandwich to their menu. I now must bump them up to five stars for following through. AND $1 Shiner Hefs Tuesday nights for ASU students. LEGIT!
5	Friendly & prompt service! Delicious soups in bread bowls and sandwiches are unique and very tasty and fresh! High quality bread! The atmosphere is dive bar like, but relaxed and fun! Will be back for sure!
4	3.5 starsWent here for lunch one day while out on interviews. The ambiance wasn't anything to rave about but I think it's more of a bar kind of feel, so I don't know how it gets at night or drink specials. For lunch though, it's low key, a little off the main street and provides some decent food.I would say what makes this place are the bread bowls. I was able to get the broccoli cheese and Wisconsin cheddar soups mixed together to create this awesome bread bowl. To top it off I got this plus a half sandwich for $8.95 (or something like that). It's a decent sandwich..not the best thing ever. You also get a bag of chips, which makes for a better deal.If I had to base it on the sandwich alone, I would give this place a 3 stars, but the soup was probably a 4, so here we are at this impasse again. If there is one thing to take away from this, get the Broccoli Cheese Wisconsin cheddar soups together.
3	The boy and I stopped in here for a "quick" sandwich and brew while we were perusing the Tempe Art Festival. I hadn't been in years, and remember it being so yummy. Yummy it was. Service was alright, at best. We had a seat at the bar, bartender immediately greeted us, and got us a quick beer, he even offered up a second choice for me when they didn't have the 8th Street I wanted, How does a Tempe bar not carry 8th Street? Anyway.... I ordered the Cali something, it had avocado and turkey and some other stuff, I asked for wheat bread and it came on a croissant. I would have sent it back but it took almost 30 minutes to get there to start with I wasn't letting it out of my sight. He got the creamy chicken salad, very tasty. I stopped int eh bathroom at one point and was not surprised to see they had one of those atypical party bar bathrooms, shit all over the walls, locks not working on the door, clogged toilet that made me almost loose my lunch, and sand paper for TP. But what can you expect in Tempe, a decent bathroom? Psh no way!We got the bill, after trying to catch the bartenders eye for a few minutes. Paid up and hit the festival some more. We had a good lunch but it could have been better. Their food is very good, at the very least if you want a great sandwich, you should hit them up!
4	Bread bowl soups (and salads!), unique sandwiches, and downtown Tempe- it just doesn't get any better! Love the brie and beef sandwich on wheat. And anything in a bread bowl works for me! The prices are reasonable for what you get- and that's a lot of food! I've been here several times now and I just love it. I've never been here on a weekend night though- so I can only imagine it's crazy.
3	Tried this little hole in the wall bar / restaurant on a sunday afternoon with my son.  When I see new England clam chowder on a menu, I always have to try it.  Not bad, not great.  It's served in a bread bowl but not sourdough. Quedo dip tasted like it came out of a jar.  Veggie sandwich was very good but didn't realize it was toasted.  It could have been stated on the menu but I didn't see it. I would have preferred it not toasted, either way. Very good customer service though.  I'd go back
5	First time I had been here and well I'm hooked.  You have to venture back for their soup and sandwiches.  The bread bowl soups are excellent.  Go ahead give them a try you won't be disappointed.
2	I have only been here for lunch and would probably try it for a Happy Hour if their food was a bit more appetizing. For lunch I usually get a half sandwich (which is actually HUGE since one slice of bread is the size of a hardcover book) and a bag of chips which is reasonably priced for around $4.50. The food is OK, edible, but nothing exciting and sort of bland. I think it's the bread that needs some help, clearly size doesn't matter.
2	Oddly enough I had never been to a Bison Witches location before last week and then I ended up visiting the Tempe and Tucson locations within a couple days of each other. My impression at both...fussy wait staff and not particularly attentive. I already reviewed Tucson, so this review will just be about Tempe. A group of friends went there for happy hour. It took me a while to get our servers attention to order a drink. When I did get to place my order she wasn't familiar with the specials. I was told something was on happy hour but turned out it wasn't. So when she came back to tell me I picked another choice.My boyfriend was stuck working late so I asked if I could order a happy hour beer for him. The waitress said no because she would need to see his ID. I understand it is Tempe but come on, really? I didn't have to tell the truth...I guess I should have just ordered it instead of asking. We were not a table of college kids, it was a table full of adults. I told her his age and said she is more than welcome to check his ID when he gets there. She seemed annoyed but finally agreed. She wouldn't bring it out till he got there. That was fine by me since that means he would get a cold beer instead of a warm one. Then when he did get there it took a while to get her back to the table to let her know he was there.A friend did order the broccoli soup in the bread bowl. I got to have a taste and it was pretty good.I just wasn't particularly impressed with this place. And with so many great options on Mill for happy hour, I am not sure I will return.
1	I will precede this lackluster review by stating the following:1)I have only been to this place once.2)I didn't get a chance to actually try the cuisine.3)I am a sympathetic person to servers, as I have been one.That being said, I give this place one star for reasons of poor service.About six months ago, at around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon, we decided to eat at this place. The atmosphere was warm and cozy; typical college bar with college-aged waitresses.We made sandwich selections and ordered happy hour beers. The beers came, the food never did, and we watched other patrons come in, eat, and leave.  All the while, our waitress never came by to give us an explanation or even get us another round of drinks (we got them ourselves from the bar). Since my bf and I both worked in food service, we are always sympathetic when we can see that a place is under-staffed.  But after an hour of waiting, we finally crossed the room to speak with our server. She said, "I can't imagine it will be much longer." I think the more professional approach would have been an apology and admitting to forgetting to put in our ticket, which is what we gathered when we saw her speaking frantically with the cook.Where was the manager that day? Or someone who noticed that we sat there so long without our food or any communication at all?We left money on the table for our beers and walked out. I guess there is a first time for everything.
5	Great food!
1	Great for beer specials......HORRIBLE if your hungry! They put 1-2 slices of meat on each sandwich(apparently, they ration it in the kitchen) only order if you like sandwiches that are completely ALL BREAD. Even after I mentioned to the manager, the bartender & the server how disappointed I was last time I was there(with the amount of meat), my sandwich still came out with only 1 slice of meat...huge disappointment, I will not be back.
3	Blessing and a curse that while everything else is bustling on mill at 1AM, Bison Witches is slow and quiet. When I needed a break from loud music, this was a welcome reprieve. The beer selection is small, but eclectic. I don't see Big Sky Moose Drool in just any bar, ya know. Good to see they've got appreciation for all the Rocky Mountain Brews. $5 jager bombs, and they were actual bombs where you drop a shot glass into a cup. So thrilled to see it done right! Perfect margaritas weren't so perfect, but they were pretty big so I'll let it slide.This is a chill bar that I recommend using to regroup during your late-night Tempe benders. What's that...it's a restaurant too? Maybe I'll get around to trying the sandwiches!
1	We just finished a beer and spinach and artichoke dip at midnite on a sat nite... Granted it is drunk food but damn it is so nasty ! As in nasty gross ... Wish I could give -5 stars but stuck with a lousy one star ... Fair warning don't eat here
5	I thought this place had sandwiches made out of Bison meat - but no... "Bison Witches... Buy Sandwiches." Get it?I know I'm on a roll with the 5 star reviews here, but this place deserves it as well. So incredibly good. It's a great little bar tucked behind the bank and the food is amazing. I loved my sandwich. I'm definitely going back. While I was sitting there eating my sandwich, a bus rolled up and a girl's college volleyball team piled off to come in and eat - they were all wearing their uniforms and some had ice packs taped to their knees or elbows etc... I won't say that this swayed my review score, but it didn't hurt. This is a lovely place. Eat here.
4	HUGE sandwiches!! And reasonably priced. I met with a friend here for lunch and it was my first time eating here. I had the Ham and Cheese and it was VERY delicious. Different than your typical sub place, their bread slices are huge! Server was friendly and frequently stopped by our table to see if we needed anything. I would recommend trying it :)
4	I used to live in Tucson while I went to the University of Arizona (go Cats!).  Going to Bison Witches was simply part of the U of A experience.  I am very glad to know that even though Bison Witches is also at Arizona State University, it becomes an honorary U of A bar prior to ASU/U of A basketball and football games in Tempe!  I enjoyed a nice lunch there before today's basketball game with countless U of A fans.  Rest assured, Sun Devils, Bison Witches is a great bar and restaurant with plenty of Sun Devil pride during the rest of the year.Bison Witches is about much more than just the atmosphere though.  The food itself is great and quite reasonably priced.  They are known for their bread bowls.  For about $8, you can get what I get:  the 1/2 sandwich and soup special (with a bag of chips).  A secret that I learned after going a few times is that you can choose TWO of your favorite soups/bread bowls and they will mix them together half and half.  I'd recommend the Wisconsin Cheddar and the Cream of Potato Bacon for a nice combination.  The service is usually pretty good, but during a day like today, my friend and I had to get there super early (and end up sitting at the bar) to be able to enjoy good food and a nice atmosphere before a rivalry basketball game.  Still highly recommended!
4	Pregame dinner here before another ASU victory - #20. Arrived just before Happy Hour ended and snagged a nice Oatmeal Stout for a dollar off and then on Wednesday all bottles are $3.25 which is a decent savings for some good craft bottled brew. Most reviews said to try the soup, so I went with the 1/2 and 1/2 deal and had potato bacon soup with half of a turkey, cheddar sandwich on dark, toasted rye. As usual, turkey quality could have been better, but the hot sandwich still worked out pretty well and had a good crunch. The bread bowl was the best part I think (i mean just the bread) as it was really fresh and spongy. I should have asked if the soup was homemade because all the potatoes had the same cut, but I didn't and the soup was still pretty tasty, but needed more bacon or smoke flavor.       Not enough TV's at the bar either, but great prices on beer and about 30 more sandwiches to try at some point, although better quality ingredients are out there somewhere since this place is actually a chain.
4	Love their sandwiches...Their bread is what makes the Sandwiches so good... simple yet very tasty.  I love this place! Especially when I have time to enjoy a beer with my lunch....really really good!!
2	I will probably return to Bison Witches ONLY because of the quality of the food, however the service that we received was pretty bad.  When we walked in we were advised by one of the servers to sit anywhere. We selected a booth right by the bar and waited.....and waited...and waited.  We figured out after about 15 minutes that the guy fiddling with quarters and dollar bills and staring off into space at the bar was our server.Finally he came over and asked for our drinks.  At this time, we had already had sufficient time to order our food as well but he cut us off and said he could only take our drink order.He returned several minutes later and we ordered our sandwiches and chili.  Now I do want to point out that the food arrived very quickly and was quite good, especially the chili bowl!When we were finished, he eventually brought our bill to which we promptly added our cards to pay for lunch.  Then we began the waiting game again while he stood up at the bar doing NOTHING.  After losing our patience because his lack of attention was going to make my co-worker and I late for work we had to ask another server to run the cards for us.He was not a very good server to have representing your business and is the reason for the 2 star rating.
2	They're not reinventing the wheel here--simple sandwiches and sides for a reasonable price.  Service was adequate, and the place was quiet on a Saturday afternoon.  I had a blt, it was meaty, but the bacon was thin and you could tell it was either reheated or kept under a heat lamp.  I asked for potato salad as a side ($1 extra), and it tasted like the stuff you buy from your grocery store deli.  It's decent, but I would be unlikely to seek it out.
4	The selection of flavors and textures delighted my taste buds.  The bread for their sandwiches is supple and full of flavor.  Portion sizes are very generous.  Service was also excellent.  I was recommended to go here by two strangers I met in Phoenix and I was not disappointed.
4	Very good sandwiches! And a lot of craft beers on tap. I came here with my friend and we ended up staying for a couple hours cuz of the beer! So if you want a a good sandwich and beer this is a great chill spot!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Bread bowl is so good, and very filling!!
1	I went to bison witches one evening with some friends. It was a weeknight and while we were there I'd say there was no more than 5 other people there, so it was quiet and not by any means busy. I decided to order and sandwich and see what this place had to offer. Everyone else orders their drinks, and I, a sandwich. Time starts to go by and all the sudden I realize its been quite a while since I ordered food (quite a while meaning upwards of 40 minutes for one sandwich). Like I said, the place wasn't busy so the kitchen obviously was not backed up. From where I was sitting I could see into the kitchen, and what I saw was probably 2 or 3 people back there all standing around doing absolutely nothing. A few then went outside for a cigarette (this is already after at least 20 mins of waiting). So, we relocate outside, more time passes, the server finally comes and asks if I want my food served to me or if I want to go inside and get it. It took everything in me not to cause a scene over how poorly run this place is after such a stupid question. Well now, my food finally came and let me tell ya; absolutely disgusting. I mean, how do you f**k up a sandwich that badly?! I got the "Sun Devil", I don't recommend it. I try to stomach at least half of it but I just couldn't. Way to add insult to injury. If I was blackout drunk, perhaps I could have maybe gotten through half of it. Trust me, youre better off whipping something up from your pantry at home, anything. I suppose if you're out looking for a bar that has the same exact drinks about 100 other bars in tempe have, this spot might work. But if you're looking for service and half-way-decent food at best, I suggest overlooking Bison Witch's.
4	Great spot right off of Mill. Went for lunch with some co-workers and the place wasn't too loud. Food was great. Not only is the food selection great but the drinks menu is huge as well. Definitely give them a look if you are in the area and are thirsty/hungry or both!Also they usually have brats and beer on game day.
5	This place has huge portions for their half soup/half sandwich option. The soup comes  in a delicious bread bowl and they will mix soups if you ask. I always get the clam chowder while my partner opts for 1/2 cheddar broccoli and 1/2 potato bacon. I usually can't finish the soup, bread bowl, and sandwich so I have the sandwich wrapped for later. Total it always cost us around 20 bucks.The wait is a little long and it seems they never have more than two people working (we usually go in the afternoon/evenings on weeknights). Staff is always friendly and helpful. Very relaxed and laid back place. Glad we found it as its tucked behind Mill and never seems very busy. As others have stated things are kind of worn but it doesn't feel dirty. I put up with a longer wait and some older furniture for some good comfort food at an unbeatable price. One time we placed out order over the phone for carry out and it seemed to be ready faster. They had a $0.25 surcharge for each item. Just thought I'd mention it.
4	Really tasty sandwiches and queso! They were dog friendly and came over and visited and gave my dog some bacon. Only problem was they didn't give us plates with our queso so we made a mess. I'll be coming back though.
1	My husband and I usually have great service and delicious food here. Today was totally different. There was one waitress for the the place for starters. She was kind and polite while training a new waitress. She could have mentioned when we ordered our food that the bread bowls in which the soups are supposed to be served were out. That's the best part of ordering the soup! The sandwiches that are usually hot and delicious were room temperature and bland. I don't know what's going on in the Tempe location on BW but our lunch today was horrible. The only thing that's was good was the beer! They even had trouble with they though bc they were out of a lot of beers and out of my first choice of beer.
2	Great place. Their house shots are unique.  Lunch menu is good. And it's unusual to say a tuna sandwich is amazing, but it really was. You should try it. But the greatest thing is that the service is great!  And props to the new owner,(forgot his name),  who checked up on our meal. And props to the cool, pink arm-casted, bartender who played some really chill music.Update: since we had such a great experience the first few times we kept coming back. Unfortunately, the subsequent times we went we did not have such a great experience. Between the bad music (random as fuck pandora stations), inexperienced bartenders(what's in a mojito), dead atmosphere, and expensive drinks I don't think We will be giving this place another chance to get back in our good graces.
1	Went in for lunch because I was craving 1. soup and 2. a new lunch spot. Service was slow and a bit inconsiderate. I remember asking for the check multiple times, even though I was sitting at the bar.I ordered a half sandwich/half soup with Clam Chowder in a bowl, half a Club sandwich, and Jalapeno potato chips. Now, I don't mean to be picky, but they really should open the bag of chips for you and put it on a plate. It's just more appetizing that way. Ok, now onto less petty stuff. The clam chowder literally tasted like Campbell's clam chowder. I wasn't expecting soup in a bread bowl. I know they have that on the menu, but since I already ordered a sandwich with it, it was just too much breading. On top of that, the clam chowder had too many potatoes and not enough soup. I kept scraping my bowl for more soup to no avail. The Club had way too much mayo and the bacon was just too greasy.I also ordered a Whiskey Sour, but I barely tasted any sour and the whole drink was just flat.
1	When your server says, "I don't have time to tell you the drinks, there's the sign," and points then stares at you blankly... I don't have time to spend my business here. With maybe seven customers in the entire bar at 11pm on a Saturday- your best option: go somewhere else. If you're looking for a good time, this is definitely not the right place to be.
1	Today my girlfriend and I figured we would try something new in Tempe, after parking we came across Bison Witches and figured we would try it out.  I have never been there before but she raved about going to one in Tucson while in college.  The below is the story of the only 10 minutes I will ever spend in this Bison Witches again...We walk in and there are two young men working at the bar (college students?) and there is one other person seated.  Outside, there is one table of around 4 people.  So basically "dead".  We take a seat in a booth by one of the tv's and it is in pretty poor shape rocking back and forth.  One of the young men comes over and hands us menus and says "we should probably fix that haha".  He then proceeds to walk away while NOT taking our drink order.  For the next five minutes he is outside while the other guy is messing around the tv, which is NOT high def, nor is the DirectTV.  But the Nintendo and VHS player on the rack was really sweet *sarcasm*.  Then we both notice that its about 90 degrees in this joint, its 100 outside, can we get some A/C?  This is when it gets frustrating.  Another young couple walks in and the guy behind the bar gets them their drinks/water in UNDER A MINUTE!  He returns to the bar, not looking at us.  I understand he isn't the guy who brought the menus over but come on man.  Im in amazement as I keep starring at him and he is paying no attention to us.  "Our guy" was still outside with the college kids doing god knows what.  This is all while another 5 minutes passed.  Well at this point, 10 minutes in, on a dead day, we decided to leave.  I haven't done that in, well maybe ever.  The guy behind the bar and our menu guy outside do not even look our way.  We ended up going to Steak and Shake and enjoying a delicious burger.  This poor service is probably why the place looks like its stuck in the early 2000's and why people on here keep saying its dead.  Whoever owns this bar should call John Taffer immediately.....
5	Got the smoked turkey and bread bowl-chili combo. Bread was awesome, turkey was perfect, and the chili was excellent. Nothing processed.Place is on the smaller side, but doesn't take away anything from it. Has outdoor seating, and what looks like to be full bar. Great place to get a quick bite.
1	I'm a very patient person. We sat down immediately to wait to put drink orders in for 20 minutes, they didn't come out for another 15 and it took 45 minutes after drinks for them to get to our table to take our food order. There were only two of us, and were only 3 other tables in the restaurant. Not only that but the food was awful. They were out of almost everything so I ordered clam chowder, it was cold, had only potatoes and looked grey. This makes me not wan to come back. It was one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had.
1	After waiting 45-50 minutes for our food, only one of our 5 orders arrived. It was chili cheese nachos. The cheese had already hardened and the portion was small. The server then asked, "are you waiting on other food?" Yeah, 4 more orders. That never came.
2	To start out I would like to say i used to LOVE this place. When I went to ASU I would come here all the time, lunch or dinner. Once I moved away from Tempe I would make sure to stop in to grab Togo food if I was ever in the area. My past few experiences have really let me down though. I have ordered food for take out and dinned in and the service has been slow and something with the order each time has been off or completely wrong. In my most recent experience we called in and they took our order. During the call they guy who took the order kept saying he needed to go somewhere quiet because he could not hear me. I assumed they were busy as it is dinner time. After driving to mill and paying for parking I walked in and the place was dead with some dub step blasting. There was one guy closing out at the bar who was wearing another local bar's shirt. So I would assume that they had plenty of time to make things perfect. When I go to pay the guy tells me that my wife's sandwich is no longer on the menu but they made it as close as possible as they could...mind you this is the menu posted on their website. I don't think much of it... Pay for my meal and give a more than generous tip for what is to come. Our appetizer was missing 2 of the 3 things that made it whole. My soup was like water and cold. It was supposed to be hot broccoli cheddar soup. My croissant was flattened and the avocado was brown. My wife's sandwich was with the wrong meat than what should have been on the sandwich we ordered...remember I placed the order over the phone and should have been alerted right then that they no longer carry it and direct me to where I could locate their updated menu or suggested a similar alternative...just a thought. This will be the last time I go here. This is pretty much what it has been like consistently the past few times I have been here. With so many other options on mill and in the general area, I know I can spend my time and money in a better place and I would suggest you do too!
1	Stopped here for a quick bite with friends before a conference.  The drinks came right away.  After waiting over 45 minutes for our food, we finally received one order:  allegedly "chili nachos," it was a plate of dry tortilla chips accompanied by a cup of cold chili and a cup of ice-cold, congealed nacho cheese.  When we asked where our other four orders were, the server was very defensive - "sorry about the wait, but a bunch of other people just left and cancelled their orders, so we had to deal with that."  (Wow, can't imagine why that happened!)  At that point, we decided that we needed to leave without the food, because our conference sessions were about to begin.  To his credit, the bartender said he wouldn't charge us for the drinks.  We tipped him and left.  I've had decent - if not stellar - experiences at the location in Tucson, but I'm certainly never visiting this location again (and I'll probably think twice before patronizing the Tucson location, too.  There are too many places with good food and service to waste time on a place like this.)I almost forgot to mention that the booth was comically decrepit - giant holes in the seat and a spring poking out from under the seat, occasionally scraping my leg if I wasn't careful.  And...for the coup de grace, when we exited the booth, the seat completely collapsed.  It was actually sort of hilarious.
2	Nice people for sure.Beer selection trying to be hip by overpricing it.  Their food gimmick is that they serve everything on a cafeteria tray....,I guess.  Marble rye bread was good. I got a half sandwich and 'salad'. White iceberg lettuce, limp accompanying veggies.  Maybe their next produce delivery is tomorrow, who knows. The dressing was good though, Honey Dijon. Oh, and bathroom was EW. Validated Discount parking underneath- $3.00 for 2 hours, vs $6.00.
2	I'd like to amend my last review because I just saw they were on the local news for having 6 health code violations one being no soap in the hand washing station and the other for keeping food past the expiration date...just saying.
1	Awfully Nice Of Management To Buy The Staff Karaoke To Entertain Themselves With, But They Should Have Spent The Money On Competent Bar & Kitchen StaffWe used to frequent this deli bar all the time. I loved the soup & sandwich combo, and I always capped it off with a Bloody Mary...or two...or three. After tonight, I'll never go there again. Awful. Just awful. What the heck happened??We arrived around 8pm. I was happy to see there were several patrons inside...but then this unbelievably loud, booming voice came on the PA in the corner announcing karaoke time. The place went from 15 people down to 4 in a matter of seconds. It totally cleared the place out, and we were about to find out why. The volume was so loud you had to shout at the person next to you, even though there was nobody in the bar to warrant the loudness. The first singer was absolutely horrific (did I mention the stadium volume). But the place has a nice patio, so no big deal, we went outside with everybody else. That's when I saw that the singer was the bartender, and that my Bloody Mary arrived during his song.Apparently the bartender had been mixing my drink with a microphone in one hand. That was obvious by how disgusting it was. There was no garnish. It was oddly bitter and must have had half a can of black pepper in it. After three sips, neither of us could stomach any more of it, so we left it and drank our waters and waited for our food.When the food came, I looked at my sandwich. It was roast beef & turkey with smoked Gouda on white. It was haphazardly thrown on the tray. They missed the bread completely with the roast beef. I had to put it together myself. The roast beef was old, tough, and tasted of freezer burn. My date's sandwich was smashed to paper thin and looked like something I would find in the bottom of my daughter's 7th grade locker. My bread bowl tasted funny & was tough & chewy...old bread. My date had ordered the Creamy Potato Bacon chowder. What came was bacon potato vegetable soup mixed with some potato chowder. It was runny, gritty, and tasted horrible. The chips were pretty good, though (those come prepackaged in little snack size bags from an outside company).Thank God for Mary, our server. She was quick and very pleasant. If it hadn't been for her, we probably wouldnt have gotten any food at all. We could see in the windows that the bartender & servers were all taking turns dancing around & caterwauling into the microphone. Sometimes the DJ would even take a turn singing...through a bullhorn...into a microphone.We left half the food and all of the Bloody Mary. I wanted so badly to get up and just walk out. I'll never go back.
1	The quality of the food has really plummeted over the past year. We use to love coming her to get the creamy clam chowder, not its watery and gross. The nachos were awesome, now the cheese looks brown and disgusting. After 7+ years of coming regularly we likely won't be back.
1	Will never go again. This use to be a great hangout. But this last visit was the worst service I have had anywhere! Got ever single order wrong, completely forgot one meal. Waitress said she would "comp" something and only removed the sandwich that was never served. Horrible. And the food has gotten worse each visit. Not what it use to be.
1	This place has really gone down hill - very disappointing. Having gone to school in Tucson, I've been a fan of Bison Witches for years.  I went with three friends on Sunday and we all ordered the 1/2 soup & 1/2 sandwich meal with an appetizer of cheese dip and chips.  The cheese was super salty and the chips were stale.  We all ordered the cheese broccoli soup which was more like yellow water with some broccoli in it.  I usually order the Miss Priss (which has now been renamed to Sun Angel) which is turkey, tomato, sprouts, cheddar and honey mustard.  The turkey didn't even look like turkey (it was a brownish color?) I took one bite and couldn't even stomach taking another.  I ate my salt and vinegar chips (which were very good).  The other sandwiches ordered were the same, only one of our group ate their sandwich (he can stomach anything - really!).  Our server was great and only charged us for the one meal and the appetizer.  He apologized as he brought the bill, we paid and left.  We were all very excited to eat  here and I'm truly surprised how awful it was.
2	Decent sandwiches. Terrible slowwww service. There is no reason that with only two other tables seated I should wait 20 minutes for a drink 25 to order and then another 30 minutes for a SANDWHICH. On top of that it wasn't particularly clean.
5	Have a great time here. Food is da bomb. And this karaoke guy spencer is crazy badass cool. Great times!!!!
5	Good beer, good food, good location!
