5	I noticed a really nice pair of shoes as I drove by, and decided to stop in because I  was looking for cool shoes with heels suitable for work. I was personally fitted by the owner with styles that blew me away. Not every style she brought out for me was on the shelf, and it was fun getting to try on things that just arrived and hadn't even made it out of the back yet.  She really got my style and had a great sense of what would work at my office.And just as important, she found shoes with 3 inch heels that were incredibly comfortable! When I mentioned this to her, she explained how she knew what would be comfortable by examining my feet when she fitted me.I was completely and pleasantly surprised by the shoes and the handbags for sale here. Sue, the owner, was so much fun to work with and was incredibly knowledgeable about what shoes would work for my feet. I love designer shoes, with heels of 3" and higher, but my back just doesn't agree. Now I have a source that lets me have my cake and eat it too!
1	DISHONEST--Do not do business here, Very Dishonest! Purchased item (tan color) receipt says Full Refund within 2 weeks, went back to store 1 week later-never wore the shoes, and was told that it was a clearance item. I said it does not say this on the receipt-Nor was this stated in any way-the owner grabs the receipt and proceeds to "stamp it" with a note that says "Final Sale"-I was in Shock! She now says the sale "Is Final" and laughed. Terrible customer serice, Appalling,I would Never shop here again!!!!
1	Be aware that when you buy shoes here,  getting a refund is extraordinarily difficult. The receipt noted that "Shoes may be returned for a full refund within 2 weeks of purchase if complete with box, inserts, and in new condition."I walked in a pair of $180 sneakers I bought for one or two miles and began getting heel pain. When I brought the sneakers back a week later, the store owner said they were not in new condition and could not be returned for a refund, only store credit. She also said that I should have just walked in them around the house so they wouldn't get dirty. About as effective as test driving a car, but only in your driveway. They looked "in new condition" to me. She said otherwise. Next time, I buy shoes on the Internet or at a store that has a rational, fair refund policy.
1	Dreadful service, especially from store owner and manager who put me in wrong sized athletic shoe after foot surgery.  No responsibility on owner's part for store's mstake; she became argumentative when I requested a refund.  I've had much better service at SAS, The Walking Company and Crocs.  All of these stores offer well made and more reasonably priced shoes, too.
5	My 10 y/o daughter was seen by a DPM and Foot Solutions was recommended for a shoe orthotic. I phoned FS to verify if they were able to accommodate pediatric customers. I spoke with Sue who stated that typically not but to bring my daughter in and she would determine if she could help us. We arrived at 4 pm on Thursday and there were people being assisted by Sue and another sales person. We waited 40 minutes for Sue to help us but I was not disturbed by the wait after observing the attention that the customers received. After all, people who shop at a specialty shop are there for foot/back issues.  Sue was extremely helpful in fitting my daughter in the proper shoe insert. I appreciated this positive experience and will definitely shop at this store again. Shoe prices range from $65 dollars for sale items to over $200. Nice variety and and they were not all "grandma" shoes (as my daughter refers to them).
1	And the award for the worst customer service goes to  . . . Foot Solutions in Scottsdale!I have been to this store numerous times and every time it is the same scene.  I am completely ignored by the staff as they are far too busy having personal conversations to even acknowledge my presence.  Did I mention this was is a shoe store?  Not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself.After today, I have decided to take my money somewhere else!  If you are in need of a solution for your foot, I suggest you do the same.
1	And the award for the worst customer service goes to  . . . Foot Solutions in Scottsdale!My husband has issues with his feet and requires special (aka ridiculously expensive) shoes.  I have been to this store numerous times and every time it is the same scene.  I am completely ignored by the staff (INCLUDING THE OWNER) as they are far too busy having personal conversations to even acknowledge my presence.  Did I mention this was is a shoe store?  Not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself.After today, I have decided to take my money somewhere else!  If you are in need of a solution for your foot, I suggest you do the same.
4	I have never been in this store but needed to investigate "good" shoes due to an ankle injury.  There were 4 people working and all of them asked if I needed help.  The lady that helped was extremely knowledgeable - as was the owner that happened to be there.  They gave one-on-one attention, made sure I understand why the shoes would work for me, and showed me different styles.While it was a little more than I was able to spend at the moment - when I am ready to make a purchase I will definitely go there.
5	I found Foot Solutions 3 years ago and it's become the only place I'll buy my shoes. I have "foot issues" so it's very difficult for me to find cool/attractive, functional shoes. HUGE life-impacter to find these unique brands that I could actually wear to work all day and/or travel in, etc., without pain or problem!! Yes, the price-point is higher, but that just means I have less shoes - and each one is perfect!! They also last a REALLY long time!As for the other posters I've read: Of COURSE you can't walk 1.5 miles in your shoes and return them! No kidding. Would you want to buy shoes that have been walked in for a mile and a half? I think "no," which means they can't be re-sold. As for service, my experience over a 3-year period has been consistently excellent service. I've never experienced anything less than full attentiveness!
4	I found the service to be prompt, helpful, and knowledgable. The prices we reasonable and they had a good selection, even in my hard to find size.
1	DO NOT waste your time  and money at Foot Solutions Scottsdale!  Recently my 90 year old mother in law went to Foot Solutions to see what kind of "solution" they could offer because she has a size 6 & 8 foot.  She barely had her foot in the door and was bombarded  with a handful of sales people.  Over the last 70 years she, my mother in law, has purchased 2 separate pair of shoes to accommodate for her differences in size. $400.00 and an hour later Foot Solutions put her into a pair of size 8 shoes and bulked up the size 6 shoe to make the shoe fit!!!!  Apparently they did not take into account that she would have to retrain herself to walk in a shoe that is 2 sizes bigger than what she is used to!!!!!!!  She is 90 and already does not walk well.  Talk about an accident waiting to happen!!!! The sales person  told her to try the shoes around the house for 2 weeks and if she was not happy she could return the shoes.  Because she walks so little she barely wore the shoes and the 2 weeks passed.  A week later her and I were discussing the "new" shoes.  She expressed that they were uncomfortable and felt like she was going to fall.  I immediately drove to Foot Solutions hoping in good faith they would make an exception and provide us with a refund. I had the wonderful opportunity of meeting one of the most unprofessional and rude sales person, the owner.  She was VERY defensive and unwilling to help because we exceeded the 2 week return date.  She kept questioning my mother in law like she was on trial.  In fact, during our conversation I told her I did not appreciate that she was talking over me and as the customer I did not appreciate it.  Needless to say, no refund was provided which is fine we chalked up the experience as a loss but my mother in law is safe.  A little common sense and compassion would have been a much better solution for the not so Foot "Solution" store!!!!!!
