1	It only takes one, very negative experience to write an entire chain off, certainly this particular location.  The scenario: my house had JUST burned down.  When I say burned down, I mean done, toast, goner.  So, I am not in a normal state of mind, to say the least.  There is a lot of intense emotion going on inside of you when considering the things that are lost that are completely irreplaceable.  It was the middle of a very hot summer, we checked in.  One of the few things that I had managed to salvage out of my house was my desk top computer, which I brought into the room with me.  It smelled like smoke.  Not cigarette smoke, though, fire smoke.  Everything we HAD smelled like smoke, which wasn't much.  Anyway, I left my boys - teenagers - in the room while I went about beginning to pick up the pieces of my life and get things moving.  Can't stay at a hotel forever.  I was gone maybe half the day.  When I arrived back, the boys informed me that management had come into the room, demanding to find out whether anyone had been smoking in there.  Now, mind you, they didn't knock on the door and ask to enter, they opened the door with their own key without any notice whatsoever and barged into the room, apparently thinking they were going to find someone smoking cigarettes in there!!In reality, the smell was very feint and it certainly wasn't going to permeate the walls.  Regardless, it is pretty unreasonable, IMO, for management of a hotel to simply open a door without notice because they suspect something is going on in there.  I would also state that it might be kind of dangerous for them to do such a thing if they open the door with the "wrong" kind of person occupying the room.  That isn't me, I wasn't going to get violent, but I did get mad at them about it.  As I said before, I was already emotionally charged, finding out they had entered without even knocking on the door got me pretty mad, pretty quick, especially since I had informed the front desk upon checking in that yes, our house had burned down, perhaps there might be some smoke smell coming from us, we apologize.  The manager of the hotel eventually showed up - who DID eventually apologize - but it was too late.  It was inexcusable that they thought they could just go barging into a hotel room because they were "suspicious".  We left that motel and no, I will never go back.
3	Rooms were clean, and well accommodated, but the free internet was spotty at best; you could check your email, but streaming movies or videos was hit or miss.They had great shuttle service to/from airport, and nearby malls, but the places you can go are limited.Great staff, very helpful when dealing with requests.
4	We had a great experience here.Nice and helpful front desk,Clean room free WIFI and good breakfast,as a three star hotel it was good. The location was very good too.
5	I stayed in two hotels this week: one for business during the first half of the week (a Hyatt Place, which I love), and then we switched to this Best Western for the personal-vacation side of the trip.  And after having stayed in both hotels, I've gotta say: This place rocks.You may scoff at the Best Western brand, but don't.  I just came from (my favorite!) Hyatt Place, and this Best Western offers many more amenities for free, for a less expensive nightly rate.  Don't know how you can go wrong.Nice hot breakfast, friendly checkin and housekeeping staff, the option to set what time your room gets cleaned so they're not housekeeping is never knocking on your door when you're half asleep or nekkid.  Fridge and microwave in our room, the rooms are super-clean, the water pressure was sweeeeeet, and the hotel is 100% non-smoking. The rooms were clean, and there will little, nice touches all over the place.  (Bottle of water and a granola bar in our room at checkin; makeup remover towelettes so you don't crap up their towels/washcloths with lipstick and waterproof mascara, and organic bath products that you'd actually wanna use.We'll definitely be back. No brainer.
4	This place was perfect for our stay while in Phoenix. Close to our son's place at ASU, close to shopping, Mill St. and Scottsdale.  Although the room was small, it was clean and recently updated. My internet worked fine. When we complained we didn't have a trash can in the room, housekeeping brought us two!  We were traveling with our dog and they were very accommodating in booking us in a quiet room located near an exit.  We also enjoyed the sauna/pool  and the big fluffy towels.  Breakfast was OK...not exceptional.   Overall, we liked it here and we'd definitely stay again
3	We arrived today for a week long stay for Spring Training.  The hotel is quiet and the staff is great.  They are located near a mall and a few nice restaraunts.  The rooms are nice and all of them are smoke free.  They are pet friendly but their policy insists that you do not leave you pet alone.  They do have a nice pool.  It felt good knowing there was a cold pool to jump after a long drive.
4	We only stayed here for a brief overnight, to catch an early morning flight.  It's not convenient to the airport, there are closer places....that said, it was fine.  the hotel staff were very helpful and the shuttle drivers were especially helpful - note, free airport shuttle.be sure to catch the right shuttle when you are at the airport - there are at least 3 best western's that send shuttles and if you get on the wrong one, you end up on the wrong side of town, at the wrong best western....speaking from my own experience.  D'OH!  :P
4	We found this Best Western on Yelp and chose to stay here because it seemed to be well recommended, conveniently located, and reasonably priced.The facility was very nice, rooms very clean, comfortable, and quiet. The staff was very helpful and courteous. Though the breakfast wasn't fancy, it was good and served to help make the overall price even more reasonable.We would certainly plan to stay here again when traveling through the Tempe area.
3	Another good solid Best Western.  Good value for the money.  Rates go up on the weekends.  The place was pretty full, as evidenced by the crowd at breakfast.  Complimentary breakfast is just okay.  Pre-packaged omelettes, french toast sticks, but there is quite a variety.  Service is efficient and friendly.  It's by the mall, so ideal if you're here to shop.  A bit south of Tempe for most other activities.  Plenty of hot water. Beds are kind of soft.  Includes a refrigerator and micro-wave, as well as an LCD TV with cable or satellite.  Good access from Route 60.  Bright, and well air-conditioned, but then, we were here in March.
4	Rooms are adequate and the staff is friendly.  BW+ is fine for our spring training visits.
1	Over a year ago I stayed at this hotel where I spotted several kittens. I made many phone calls and found a feral organization to step in and begin managing the explosion of cats at this hotel.  Yesterday, after TNR'ing many cats and kittens, the volunteer for the Spay and Neuter Hotline was thrown off the property by the GM. If you care about animals and  have compassion for feral cats, this is not the property for you. Find another hotel, there are many in Tempe.
3	This place was pretty adequate. The second time we stayed here, our room was right next to the emergency exit door (not extremely sure that's super important). But, anywho, a giant cockroach ended up in our room. Gross. I know that they're everywhere, gross. Room was fine. Breakfast was good.
2	To give this place an adequate is extremely generous. The shuttle from airport was helpful. I'm sure breakfast will get it done tomorrow morning. However, the rooms are extremely small, beds are old and small, brown-tan dingy everywhere. What prompted me to make sure I write this is the absolute BS photoshopped pictures of this place all over the internet. Those images are completely false and do not represent this substandard Arizona hotel honestly.The little bald front desk guy is extremely abrupt, condescending, short and to the point... I am sure he feels that he's being efficient but it comes across as rude.I came here while traveling for work specifically because I am trying to earn points for use at a Utah Best Western this ski season. The front desk is telling me that I am not eligible for these points as I booked through a third-party. The entire reason I came to this dump. I have found this completely untrue using the same app to book many locations as I travel extensively. I will avoid this hotel at all costs the next time I am in PHX
1	OH MY GOD!!!this place is ridiculous.  I placed my '14 Day Advance Purchase (Book 14 days in advance and save. Available to all travelers. No cancellations or changes. FULL PAYMENT REQUIRED AT TIME OF BOOKING. NON-REFUNDABLE) 2 weeks ago to get a better rate.  At this time I ASSUMED they had taken their money in full.  it turns out that corporate (any local managers way of trying to shove responsibility up instead of dealing with it) leaves it up to the local hotel to determine when to pull that money.  so when my wife checks in, she is charged at THAT time.  this is very inconvienent to travelers, when i reserve a room, and pay in full, i am thinking i am paying right now, not in two weeks.  it throws our finances off for our trip.  on top of that, i called (before i knew i wouldnt be charged until check in) and had a discussion concerning the incidental fees and the terms "already paid in full" had been said back and forth.  i was told incidentals would only be about $6 a day.  well upon check in, due to incompetent staff, i was charged over $500 for a $370 bill and on top of that, the refund wont come back for up to 2 weeks.  thanks for messing up my budget.  will not be using Best Western EVER again.  argumentative staff, corporate has no influence over individual hotels.
1	So after speaking with the sales manager and the general manager I was told they would rectify this and was offered a comped room for my next visit which didn't matter to me because it was my sister in laws last ironman competition and I don't plan on being back in Tempe for a very long time.  I was told they would get the charges corrected and they would call me back.  Never heard from again.  The original miscalculated amount of $500+ was returned to my account and I thought they had changed their minds and comped the room this time (how was I to know, they didn't call) so I think "oh I have money in my account now" then 3 days later they charge me the original amount of 376 and I wake up to a zero balance.  Will you please make up your mind???
