5	We were looking for a new mattress and started our search at mattress firm. Yes, goofy name, but memorable. We were welcomed by Shawn, who with his non pushy sales gave us as much time and information we needed. We were horizontal in that store for some time. We then went to best mattress, and relax the back. We found best mattress to have a nice sales person, but a disconcerning thing with best mattress was all the bugs caught in the lights above, dead, and with customers on their backs looking up, you would think they would care about that. Relax the back was nice too, but beds are not their focus.We were in the market for a tempurpedic mattress, one of these foam deals and they are price locked, so it's not the actual cost reduction we were seeking....it was the extras.So back to mattress firm, where Shawn had been so patient with us, where it was clean and quiet, and where they had great extras, like free tempurpedic pillows, free delivery,and 100 day return/exchange policy with no restocking fee. Plus they had other beds in the store that if this foam deal wasn't for us we would have other things to choose from. Shawn wasn't in the store that day but the other sales person let us know they would be sharing the commission so that's good to know we weren't stiffing Shawn after he spent so much time with us laying around the store.No other store had offered us such service or extras.We bought it, and that night in the times that were allotted they moving guys came in, put booties on...no necessary I said, but they said company policy..and moved our bed into the space and placed it.Really great service all around. I highly recommend this business. Straight shooters. And the people that work there actually like working for this Business so that is a great sign as well.
4	While feeling that my expensive 1 year old mattress wasn't giving me the comfort that I was looking for, I decided that my best option was to give it a second chance. So, I looked into getting a box spring to help give it a boost. A quick look at Yelp showed me this place was right around my house. I gave it a shot.After I told them I was just looking around, they asked me which places I was looking into buying a box spring. I told them and they started calling those places and compared prices for me. I kinda liked that. If I still wasn't convinced, they offered a 30-day price match guarantee. I said OK, and bought it. After I had left the store, I called the stores that I was looking into, and I did find out that these guys are pretty truthful, and that they did have some of the lowest prices (even lower than CostCo). I was satisfied with the price and product and would shop here again. Watch out! The sales people are aggressive, some people like that, other's do not. Make sure you do your homework so you don't let them sell you something you don't want, or feel pressured to buy. Sort of like used car shopping.Otherwise, great store, good prices, happily will come here again.
5	I have never hugged a salesperson before. Until today. I had such a great experience at this store, and in particular with Jackie. I can't say enough about how kind, patient, funny, and pleasant this lady was! Not what I would normally expect in a mattress salesperson. She explained the options, and didn't try to up-sell me when I explained my limited budget for the guest room bed. She set up all the sale beds for me to try; and try again!Found a great pillowtop mattress set on sale, and saved enough to get a eucalyptus mattress cover, cooling memory foam pillow, and bed frame too. Did I mention the same day delivery? Hells to the yes. Had a 3 hour window to expect the delivery: between 6 and 9 (on a Saturday night. They do Sunday delivery too!). At 6:01 the bed was all put together and the truck was pulling out of the driveway! The delivery men offered to wear booties, and were very professional and pleasant too. Wow! Very impressed all around.
