5	Excellent hotel from service to quality to price to cleanliness 5 star
4	SUPER close to the airport and rental car returns.  They also offer a free shuttle to and from the airport.  The guy at check-in actually remembered me from my trip there a couple of weeks prior.  I've stayed in a king and double queen room, the king has more open space, but both were clean, with updated decor.  I did notice that the king room only had a walk in shower, while the double queen had a bathtub/shower combo.  Amenities include an indoor pool and a nice gym that has a bike, 2 treadmills, an elliptical and free weights.  I hot breakfast is served at 6am and don't forget the warm cookies they offer at check-in.  They only downside is there aren't a lot of food options in the close vicinity (just a gas station next door), but there are some great options all within 5-7miles.  This is my go-to hotel for staying near the Charlotte airport.
5	My wife and I were in Charlotte for a wedding on Saturday, August 25th. The hotel was our "base" of operations for all the out of town guests and wedding party. What an incredible establishment and staff. Each and every staff members that "touched" us during our stay made our stay very memorable.Our room was spotless and we couldn't have asked for a nice place to stay. If we're ever back in the Charlotte area, this will be where we'll stay.
5	Can't go wrong with an "A" rating of 98.5% -- clean, neat, and welcoming!
4	I stayed here a night before a meeting at the airport.  It is typical of the brand.  Check in was fast and friendly.  The airport shuttle runs every 30 minutes and it only takes 5 minutes or so to get to the terminal.  Park and fly fills up quickly so, make your reservations early.
5	Stay at this hotel, you will not regret it. Everything was top notch - the accommodations, courteous and professional staff, comfortable bed, and amazing breakfast. The entire place was spacious and sparkling clean. Try the grass fed bison burger and a pint of local beer at the holiday inn next door. Overall great find!
