1	So I walk into this place for dinner, sold solely by the name. I mean Nacho Mama's? Clever right? That was the highlight of my visit. The place is a bit of a dive, which I enjoy. Good number of TVs, decent number of beers on tap, and decent beer prices. However the food is nightmarish. It is absolutely inedible and straight up disgusting. I went with two friends. Between the three of us we had carne asada enchiladas, chicken enchiladas, and mini chicken burritos. The chicken was the worst I have ever experienced. It is very likely it had gone bad. It tasted of old fish. The rice had no taste at all, which was a substantial upgrade. The green sauce on the enchiladas tasted like salt and had no other real flavor. To make matters worse, the server was completely inattentive despite the fact we were the only people there. She was actually baby sitting her child in the corner of the bar rather than paying us any attention. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. It say the place is under new management but if my visit was any indication take your hunger and your money anywhere else. Worst dinning experience in memory and it's not close.
5	1:30 PM Sitting patiently at the DMV next to a girl with cursive writing expanding from her neck to her face. I automatically assume she's gang affiliated.1:40 PM I reach down accidently elbowing tattoo girl in the side attempting to pat both of my cheeks to make sure she hadn't pickpocketed me during my 10 minute powernap. Trusting my periphial vision, I glance at tattoo girl in hopes she didn't notice. I knew she turned to look at me cause the tattoo on her neck distorted with the twist of her head. I found myself instantly starring at the ground before we made eye contact.  She noticed. Her bitter stare seemed to burn the side of my retinas without even looking. I knew her possy was now waiting outside for me.1:50 PM I make a comment to myself about the wait, but stop part way when a loud grumble comes from my stomach. The blood rushes to my face as I make a quick glance around in embarrassment like the new kid who farted in class. I immediately pull out my phone and act occupied like I didn't hear a thing and pretended texting.1:54 PM After much discomfort, I finally realize it was my stomach eating the last lining of itself. It's been 24 minutes. This wait feels like eternity. I try to pass the time by thinking of ways to attach a weed wacker to a bicycle so I never have to deal with this again. I find myself getting angry at the employees for no particular reason. I picture myself riding my weed wacker bicycle over their torsos for making me wait so long. I think it's the hunger starting to speak out.2:05 PM  It's been 35 min. I convince myself that the numbers are not in any sequential order and they are purposely skipping past me. I crumble my ticket in my hand to return to the lady up front. Realizing that was an immature move, I quickly uncrumble it and look up to hand it to the lady. I see she caught me in action uncrumbling it but I don't care anymore because i'm already riding my weed wacker bicycle over her torso in my head. I bolt for the exit and hear my number faintly called across the room. I made a haste decision out of hunger and frustration and  continued to my car. I must have been delirious from hunger by now because I forgot about tattoo girls posy waiting outside for me.2:12 PM- I hear that disgusting noise again and realize I haven't eaten all day. I recall a friend telling me about this place called "Nacho Mama's" and their unbelievably delicious carnitas tacos. My mouth becomes numb and I accidently dribble on my shirt.2:25 PM- I don't remember the drive from the DMV to N.M but somehow I ended up in their parking lot. I wasn't going to question it.2:26 PM- I walk to the front of Nacho Mama's and see a fence surrounding it blocking me out. Luckily I found the front door along the side because I was just about to gnaw through the fence and chew a hole in the side of the building to get in.2:27 PM- I walk around like a fool to the front door cause I know they are watching me through the windows trying to find the front door, but it doesn't matter because there is nothing seperating me anymore from my plate of carnitas tacos.I walk in with my eyes adjusting from the suns rays. My eyes instantly focus on a cute girl that greeted me at the entrance with a welcoming smile.  For a second I forgot what I was there for but then remembered to stick to the plan, the "carnitas tacos". I quickly smiled back and made a b-line for the bar top.2:30 PM- Cute girl starts to walk over to ask what she can get me.  I open my mouth to speak to cute girl and realize part of my brain has shut down due to lack of nutrients and for the life of me it cannot think of a clever line to greet her with. I give up with the clever line and go straight to the point. "5 Carnitas tacos please" i tell her with my hoarse voice. She smiles at me because she seems to enjoy my presence. I smile back because I just made a complete sentence without dribbling on myself at this point feeling famished. I now hear my heart threatening my stomach that it's going to quit beating If I don't nourish it soon.2:38 PM- Waiting at the DMV made my wait at Nacho Mama's almost seem instant. I'm starting to think that the carnitas tacos put out a contagious aroma, because cute girl is still smiling, but now I am too as she sets my steaming plate in front of me. I use no manners and instantly stuff my fat face. What would my mother think.2:44 PM- I hummed to myself as each taco became a half, and each half became nothing more than a crumb. I started kicking myself for not ordering 67 more. I think the ambition from the Man VS food show on one of the several flat screen TV's above the bar gave me the desire. I started listening more attentively to the show and soon felt jealousy that I do not have his position being able to stuff my face for work. 2 tacos later, I suddenly realized I would hate his job, and slaved away to fit the last of these tasty morsels. My stomach protruding;I was more than satisfied. (Pg 1 of 2)
4	I was invited in by a regular of Nacho Mamas. I was surprised that once you pass through the doors of the VERY PLAIN building, it was a great little sports bar. There were more then 5 tv's, two NEW pool tables (with talks of darts and shuffle board on the way). Plenty of beer and cocktails to choose from and the menu had good choices. I ordered a carne Assad burrito, being from California, I think I'm a pro at picking out a good one. It was great, the meat was tasty (good seasoning) and the rice and beans inside were just the way I liked it. In my opinion you should check this place out. Good drink choices, good food, fun bartenders and great place to hang out.
4	First thing you need to realize if you are considering this place is that it is more of a dive bar than an actual restaurant. Do they serve food there? Yes, but most people go there with drinking as their primary objective and food is only secondary. That being said, for what it is, they actually have REALLY GOOD FOOD! Their carnitas tacos are the BOMB (shredded chicken are pretty good too), their burgers are near-restaurant quality, and their breakfast burritos (if you happen to be in the area before 12pm) will keep you full for half  the day! I work right next to the place and I eat there at least once a week, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. They have great lunch specials where you get a main dish (burrito, tacos, burger, sandwich, etc), a side (rice & beans, fries, chips) and a drink - all for just $5. You can hardly get that a Taco Bell anymore! And a 1/2lb freshly made burger with fries and a drink for $5? Can't even get that at McDonald's. Give it a try and you'll be pleasantly surprised, just don't expect fine dining.
1	Walked in and the waitress was sitting watching a cooking show, slow to get up. Beer was flat and she never offered a menu. She then got her laptop and set it up next to us and stayed on that till we were ready for the check for our flat beer.
5	I have a shop in the complex and I go here often.  The owner/operators and super friendly, the atmosphere is chill, lotsa regulars and the carnita tacos ROCK!! I've eaten my weight in them.  It's fun watching what Steve and Maureen come up with to make this place grow.  It's working!!
5	Went here to see a friends band and the place was just top notch.  Super friendly people and the music sounded great there.  it's a small place that looks like an old restaurant converted into a bar.  If you pass by the location you might miss it.We were also hungry, so we ordered some nachos and a cheesecrisp.  Let me tell you what.. they do not hold back on the cheese.  I know some people might not like that, but wow it was delicious!We stayed there for a while and saw people come and go, the drinks were flowin and over all just had a great time there.
3	Right away I'm greeted with the smell of Mexican food and a malfunctioning sewer system - it bummed me out.  It's dimly lit inside, not much to say about the decor, very unimpressive, I tried not to look around because I really did want to love a place called "Nacho Mama." I got the carnitas nachos and they were pretty tasty, the carnitas were dry and lacking in flavor though.  I noticed they had Stella on tap, which is a great reason to come back.  All in all I'd say this place is more of a bar than a restaurant.  Plenty of dudes getting their drink on at noon on a Monday.
1	Tried several tables, they were all sticky.  Server was chatting with a customer at the bar and did not bring menus or take our drink order for 10 minutes. Another 10 minutes to bring our drinks. Iced tea tasted old.  Server did not seem all that interested in taking our food order. We asked for the check and left.
5	This place is awesome! It's tucked into a little industrial strip mall behind the Fresh n' Easy at Baseline and Kyrene, so it is a little hard to find. Once you get here however, the trip is so worth it. The place is small, but jamming on karaoke nights (Tuesday and Friday). The food is restaurant quality! Five of us had plain nachos, enchiladas, carnitas tacos, and a carnitas quesadilla, and we were stuffed by the time we left. That combined with the Dos Equis on tap, and the friendly staff and regulars, and we were sold! Definitely going to be visiting this little bar frequently.
5	Really friendly people abd great food! 'Nuff Said!
4	First time there last night.   Clean place.  Food was good and well priced.  Had a band, but the place was slow until 10 pm.  Then the place was packed.  Music was good... people were friendly, much like a neighborhood place.   Had a blast.  The place had everything I like about a night out.  I will be back.
2	The nachos were made with no care or consideration. Described as "piled high", but when they came out, they were maybe 2 or 3 layers of chips with all of the toppings just slopped on top. I ordered the shredded pollo and nothing about that chicken was shredded. There were 5-6 small bite size chunks. I know Mexican food can be easily made by pretty much anyone with any sense of taste or appreciation for Mexican food, but not this place. I've seen better things served at Del Taco. I wasn't expecting fine Mexican dining, but how do you get nachos wrong. Each bite and chip should have some cheese, at least. Chips, cheese, toppings, repeat for 2 more layers. It's not rocket surgery! This place should serve burgers and sandwiches and leave the Mexican food off of the menu. I'm willing to give them another shot, but this first experience was a total bummer.
5	We didn't have any plans for Super Bowl so we decided tacos and beer. This place is great! Layered nachos and amazing street tacos. Best dive in town.
5	Love this bar, the carnitas tacos are a game changer for dive bars. I crave them regularly. The drinks are cheap the owners are nice and love eating/drinking there
5	I recently just moved across the street from the hidden away "dive" style bar, so I knew, just for the fact that it was across the street, it was going to become my regular place to go for a drink.The first time I went there it was pretty dead, maybe only a few people. The bartender was super friendly, and even the other patrons were quick to say hello. My girlfriend and I order some of their tacos that I have heard about they definitely did not disappoint. They were those typical style street tacos, but the carnitas were amazing. Even they steak and chicken tacos were good, but the carnita tacos were an instant favorite.However, it takes more than that to give a bar like this 5 stars. The reason I did is their staff. One night I had a film gig that was gonna keep me out late. I called the place up about 9ish and asked if the grill was still open. The bartender stated that it was pretty dead and he was going to be closing it up soon, however, then he asked what time I planned on coming in. I said I was working and it wouldn't be till after 11. Then to my surprise, he said "ok, I'll keep it on for you." Now maybe it's just me, but for a bar to leave on a grill for a random patron is not something that I see happening all the time. So of course, I showed up about 11, reminded him that i called earlier, and he said "I've been waiting for you". This was the point when I knew this was going to be my go to neighborhood bar for a long time.I always enjoy this bar during the dead times. The people that are there during these times are always willing to have a conversation with you and even buy you drinks, which I have had multiple times.Sometimes on the weekends they have dancing, comedy nights, or other events that pack this place and make you pay a $5 cover. I tend to not go during these times, but thats not a con in my opinion. The place needs to make money so they can stay open and provide me with cheap drinks and delicious tacos.
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a while and I am glad I did.  The waitress was nice and friendly.  The beer was cheap and ICE COLD.  I ordered the nachos and they were excellent esp. for a little dive bar.  The pico de gallo and guacamole were fresh. It was a little dead, I think there were only two other people in the bar which is odd for a Sunday but I have to say I was impressed.  Everything was clean and the waitress was friendly and accommodating.  I would come back for sure.
2	This place has a really good improv group that performs twice a week, called Names From a Hat, so I'm here almost every week. However, that's pretty much the only reason to come here. The food is not very good, although it is pretty cheap. I've tried a lot of it - nachos, corn dogs, tacos, etc., and the fries are one thing they do right. The drinks are okay, although I've seen the bartenders snap at customers a few times for no good reason. The service is never very good either. You can hear the bartenders chatting loudly during the improv show, it's kinda rude. Unless you're coming to see NFAH, I'd stay away from here until they're a little friendlier.
1	Had family visit. Took my dad here on a Fri night to have a couple drinks. Found an unwelcoming door person. Place charged $7 to enter. 1) What bars charge cover anymore 2) If you are gonna charge why not the typical $5 or $10. Does it really have to be an odd ball number like 7. Nothing special was going on in there.
5	Fun restaurant and bar. Very diverse crowd that is very accepting of the LGBT crowd too. Karaoke a few times a week is awesome with a large selection of songs. Food is good, onion rings are homemade fresh and amazing. Service is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it, especially on karaoke nights.
4	Love the crowd, reminds me of more youthful days, in between karaoke the selection of music was 80's New Wave/club songs. The crowd was fun, alternative, etc, and very accepting to our group as newcomers.  I didn't try the food, or the drinks.
5	We went to Nacho Mamas last night for dinner.  We had carnitas street tacos and a carnitas burrito.  Both were delicious!  The meat was cooked just right---had very good flavor and everything tasted so fresh.  Loved the chips too!  I would definitely go there again for dinner.
5	This bar is kind of hidden, if you're not looking you will pass it! Went there by chance the name caught my attention and I had to check it out. I have to say its a great find. The food is good, my favorite is the Carne Asada Nachos! The tacos are really good too.  The drinks are inexpensive and the staff is very friendly.  Lots of regulars that go there but they are welcoming. I have since returned several times to this bar and always bring more friends when I come.
1	This place is right next to a bunch of apartments and it must make the residents there miserable.  The clientele lack...basic humanity.  The interior is absolutely disgusting.  And it belches out ear-splitting, horrible music well after last call.  Avoid this nightmare.
5	I feel like I've found a hidden gem here. :) On the rare occasions I've been subjected to watching the Food Network-in deference to female authority over the remote control-I've caught a glimpse of some television shows that are actually pretty cool. Usually, they consist of some person finding awesome places to eat in unlikely and uncommon places. Well, allow me to introduce you to such a place, as I take the role of celebrity foodie impersonator.Nacho Mama's is just plain hard to spot. Its tucked away on Kyrene, behind the Fresh 'N Easy on Baseline road in Tempe, and at first glance, the building that it is in looks like just a bunch of offices or something. However, upon opening the door, I was immediately hit by the quality of this place. I was kind of expecting low budget, and this is definitely NOT that. :) It has a mix of a lounge/pub type of atmosphere, and I could easily spend hours here at the bar. The chairs are comfortable, and actually really shiny. To understand that, you're just going to have to come and see.I eat out quite a bit (probably more than I should), and it can be hard on your finances. This is one of the reasons why I appreciate the menu here! The prices are lower than anything I've seen for bars in the area ($3 tacos! $5 burgers!). There is also a great happy hour from 3 pm until 7 during the week and all day happy hour on the weekend. This is great for long days watching football on Sundays or other sporting events.The TV's are a nice size and with great picture quality.So I really hope you are able to try this place out. I just took a bite of one of their tacos, and they are just as good as everything else about this place. Simple. Good. Food. If you live in the area, I STRONGLY recommend you making this your neighborhood bar. Not a lot of places like these left, and its a lost art I'm glad to see that isn't quite so lost. :)
