1	How backward must a local channel be, to have the rights to broadcasting the biggest television event in America, and not be able to stream weather warnings across the bottom of the screen without interrupting the HD signal?And just for the record, I don't give a rat's ass that there is winter storm warning in Northern Arizona, and even if I did it wouldn't matter since I'm busy staying indoors, watching the Super Bowl.A station this awful should really be the partner of NBC so we could lump everything that is terrible about major network television together with the hokey, backwoods morons at channel 10.
2	O      M         G         !Tonight there was an actual clip about how the moon was big looking.  And, to show how the moon was big looking the newscaster stood outside the local studio.  Great right?  No. He basically showed the Sandra Day O'Connor building with the moon BEHIND IT.  Yes, that's right, not in front of it, not next to it, but behind it.Then he talked about how if you hold a dime up to the moon it still is the same size regardless of how close it is to the horizon.  Great information, right?  No.  Have I mentioned that you couldn't see the moon in his newscast?I seriously thought that Phoenix news couldn't get any worse with the clips about rain puddles when rain occurred earlier or the 8 minutes of reviews about how the 27 degree day affected Phoenicians.  But, this was the worst news ever!!!!!!!!!!!!! And, yes, I really did mean to add that many exclamation points.
1	They will make up stuff to have the story first.....SLANDER!!!!
5	Great station, love the morning news crew. Corey is a hoot.
2	Facebook for tv is what the morning show is.   Terrible grammar. Reporters who literally say "omg" when starting a sentence. It is like the producers of this show are Jr high students. Stories of how cells and tablets make kids lazy while morning show hosts desperately cling to their cell phone AND tablet throughout the show. Very juvenile and out of touch broadcasting with reporters/anchors who LOVE to talk about themselves
