4	Very Good on taxes...
5	Come tax season, he is always my go-to guy. I've sent everyone in my family to him as well. I love his service! He does everything he can to give you the best and most for your tax return. He's also taken the extra mile to help my Dad with setting up his personal business. He's such a great accountant, and I've been going to use his services every year for a few years now.He now does real estate, and is always willing to help you and give you advice and direction if you need it. Thanks Ivanno!
5	Ivanno, the Tax Man, is amazing. I'm so happy every time I walk out of there. This year I just called him, faxed my stuff, mailed me to sign the papers, and he took care of the rest... Amazing. I've been going to his company for years, because he cares. He's professional, courteous, and does the right thing all the time. He owns my issues every time from beginning to end. You don't get that much these days, and that's why I stuck around with him. We've built a good relationship and even remembers about my nephew I told him about last year! I just trust with my tax needs, because I know this guy knows how to balance the rules to getting me the highest return. I swear, he should 100 more offices across the US. So, i recommend, call him, truuuuuuuuust.
5	Ivanno is the absolute best when it comes to doing your taxes! We were referred to him in 2008 by a coworker, and come to find out he did almost everyone's taxes at my company! We've been going to him ever since. He's very friendly and will always go the extra mile to ensure you get the best service possible. Highly recommended!
5	Ivanno is outstanding!He took the time to educate me on all the possibilites and made sure I got the best returns. Truly a professional and a super value!
5	We moved to Nevada in 2012 and so we had to find someone new to do our taxes. Dealing with finances can be nerve-wrecking and scary. You want to make sure you get the best. So, of course, I checked Yelp. I read about Ivanno and I can tell you that the other reviewers were spot on. He's friendly, incredibly knowledgeable, efficient and quick. We are extremely happy with his work and if we are still in NV next year we will be visiting him again. My husband and I agree that we highly recommend him. Do yourself a favor and make the tax process painless. Visit Ivanno!
5	What can I say, Ivanno- the owner- went above and beyond to help my business fix its taxes. No thanks to an old accountant, our first year in business was hell for Ivanno to fix. But he managed to do it even during the busy tax season. This guy stays up late into the night to get your taxes done. He is more then we could ever have hoped for. He's very professional and a very likable guy. I will recommend everyone I know. :)
5	What can I say! Ivanno=amazing. I can't think of anyone else I would rather have doing my taxes year after year. He takes care of every client, no questions asked. Even living out of state, he goes above and beyond to get me the best possible refund. You will not be disappointed choosing Ivanno to take care of your income taxes.
5	Whenever it's tax season, one person comes to mind right away and that is Ivanno. I can easily use Turbo Tax for all my needs and go somewhere local, but after having Ivanno do my taxes for the past 4 years I refuse to go to anyone else. He is very prompt and responding to calls or emails whenever I have any questions and my taxes are completed right away. He is the perfect person to do your taxes and ensuring that you get the proper refund that you deserve! I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	After a disastrous experience with our previous tax preparer (lovely 3 year audit with a LARGE debt owed to the IRS) we were a bit hesitant about filing for 2012. Looking here on the ol' trusty Yelp, I found a number of good reviews for MIS. It was near the house, he was not appointment based, but walk-in, talk with him and he lets you know when he has your return ready for review and filing.Ivano is a very well spoken, friendly and professional tax preparer. He was reassuring and was very thorough to avoid the disaster our previous preparer happily wrought upon our family's finances.We will go back for as long as we are in Las Vegas and Ivano is open!
5	SO I totally was in need of rescuing. I was buried in my own mess and decided to ignore this cloud that was following me called "TAXES". Unfortunately for me with all my moving to different states this last year I knew it would catch up. Especially because now, two years had instantly become three years...scary! I turned to my trusty Yelp app and found an accountant in a city where I know few people. Yelp hasn't failed me yet and this time I struck gold!In addition to my tax woes I was looking to complete my application for my American citizenship (I AM CANADIAN). I had consulted with a few lawyers and was about to pay a lawyer a ton of money for a simple application. I knew I could do it myself but I was afraid that if I missed something it could delay the process. Then here comes Ivanno Montti to the rescue, not only did he do taxes but he helps with basic immigration applications too!!!His office is simply set up (no intimidations) and conveniently located. After tax season he is by appointment only. I have had a couple of meetings with him and now I am free!! No tax worries and my citizenship process has begun. He answered all my questions, communicated effectively by email and phone, and didn't sugar coat anything. You instantly feel that he has made it all a fair and smooth process. I highly recommend anyone to pay him a visit, at least you can trust that you are dealing with a professional and not a pop-up tax shop.The best part is you leave his office with a bright yellow folder with all your files organized...Love yellow, such a happy color!! Thanks Ivanno!
5	I've been working with Montti Income Tax Service for 6 years. I've always had my full time job and a side job so my taxes get complicated. He is really flexible with me since I don't live local and is always helpful over the phone with all my questions. When we complete my taxes in person, Ivanno is friendly and I never have to wait long to see him. He has always walked me through my tax returns and I always get money back which makes me so happy!! I highly recommend his services for both personal and business income taxes.
5	Needed my taxes done and called Ivanno for his help. Probably the quickest and easiest time I've ever had doing taxes. Considering it was tax time, and I had own mess going on (moving to 3 different states) he made the process an ease. Definitely recommend to anyone! Quick, reliable and professional!
5	With having a paying jobs, along with a few owned companies and investment accounts, we needed a Tax Service that understood the complexity our taxes. After going to Ivanno Montti, we were completely confident that our filings were correct and accurate. He takes the time to explain the entire process and what we can expect. Taxes are never fun, but at least we are confident that they are done right the first time . I can't recommend him more!
5	It feels good to have someone who really cares about helping you get back some of the money you have had held out during the year! I had my taxes prepared by Montti Tax Services this year and surprisingly received deductions I didn't know I had coming my way. Ivanno Montti is helpful in answering questions and made the whole "tax experience" much easier. I would definitely recommend him.
5	Ivanno has been preparing my taxes since my old co-worker referred him to me over 5 years ago. I've since referred him to my friends since he's so awesome. I live in CA and he's in NV but he still makes it so easy for me to work with him. He charges me a very fair price especially considering what i've heard other tax preparers are charging. Ivanno is friendly but it doesn't take away from his professionalism. If i have a question he is easy to reach and will get back to me in a timely manner if i wasn't able to get a hold of him the first time. After using Montti income tax services im sure Ivanno will be my tax preparer for years to come.
5	I'm so glad my friend referred me to Ivanno to help me w/ my taxes.  He was so helpful and patient w/ all my questions.  Other places that I've gone to in the past would rush through to get to the next customer.  But Ivanno was friendly and took the time to ask questions and helped me get back more than I expected.  Even a couple days later when I had a question and called the office, he was still so very helpful..  Awesome service! I will definitely recommend this place.
5	If u need your taxes done this is the place to go !!! Absolutely love how helpful they are and how they speak to me in a way I understand !  Very happy with there services thank you !!
5	I was referred to Ivanno through a friend.  I had an awful experience with another accountant and Ivanno helped me straighten it out.  He was very professional and always willing to answer any of my questions.  I've been going to him ever since. :)
5	I was referred to Ivanno many years ago after having had a run of very bad tax advice. He fixed me up in no time. He even does my taxes now that he's in Vegas. I just send him my stuff, it comes back to me for a signature and he takes care of the rest. It's great. Sometimes I drive out there and make a weekend of it in Vegas and get my taxes done. Can't beat that. He's also very quick to respond, very professional and super knowledgable. Highly recommend.
5	Being a disc jockey in town I needed someone that was able to help me with my finances. I was referred to Ivanno but a few of my co workers and let me tell you , very impressed and wished I came to him earlier on in my career. They also directed me to the appropriate people to start my Nevada business license after moving here from California. Great business attitude and family run atmosphere. Will come here for more years to come. -Charles aka DJ EarwaxXx
5	Montti Tax Services has done our taxes for the last 4 years and we never leave disappointed! He always makes the process as easy as possible for us and works with us since we do not live close. I will never use another tax service again!
5	A very smooth and hassle-free tax experience with Ivanno. He is very professional and personable. I will be back again next year!
5	I can always rely on my taxes being done accurately and timely with no headaches.  They handle taxes professionally and make the most complicated tax situation look easy to file!
5	Honest, accurate, and squeezed out the most of my 2012 and 2013 taxes. I usually do taxes online with a free app, which is what I did for 2012, but when he took a quick glance, Ivanno quickly recognized mistakes I made that cost me $1.5K, and he took time to educate us on some of the laws and regulations that most non-accountant types don't know about that cost others thousands each year in money owed to them. Will definitely go back for next years again.
5	Montti tax Service has been really great. The knowledge and the customer service that they provide is incredible.  Not only do they take the time to explain to their clients how the process  actually works, but they also help me maximize my refund.
5	I just graduated from North Dakota State and moved out to Vegas because I got a teaching job. Tax season was right around the corner and I needed to find a tax man out here. Of course I used yelp and found Montti Taxes. Ivanno was extremely helpful & did everything for me. The service was amazing and SUPER fast! I am very very happy with my new tax man!
5	I love this place!! In the last few years Ive tried different Tax guys and none really helped me! This Tax service finally took care of me! I'm also a Veteran.. Use this guy!!!!!Veterans and Hispanics... He cares for your needs...
5	Ivano has been my accountant for years and he always does a great job! Highly recommended!
5	I highly recommend using Ivanno for your tax services. He is efficient, quick, polite and most importantly he gets things done right. I went to H&R Block originally but they were going to charge me double!! I get much better service with Ivanno, and he maximized my tax return for sure. I received several hundred dollars out of my state tax return ( I was told I had to PAY state taxes using another tax preparation service, can you believe it? ) Bottom line is, trust Ivanno to prepare your taxes. The service is great, he knows what he is doing, he does it quickly and correctly, and he charges reasonable rates. I will be knocking on his door again come April next year.
5	We went back to Montti Tax Service for a second year in a row. Ivano remembered us, asked how everything had been, and took care of everything with quickness. We were in and out in about an hour. This is despite not making it to his office until nearly April 15th. Whoops.Very glad to have a competent tax professional to help us figure everything out. When asked questions about different tax rules, breaks, etc, Ivano was very honest and thorough in his responses.Will be going back next year, for the third year in a row.
5	By far, this guy goes out of his way to accommodate other peoples needs. Super reliable, super organized, and very down to earth - a rare gem. I will continue to go out of my way to work with Montti Income Tax Services - it's always worth it.
5	I love this place. I live in orange county and i make a special trip every year to go see Ivanno the owner of Montti Tax Services. He has been doing a great job on my taxes for years. I highly recommend Montti Tax Services
5	I got this place recommended from a co-worker back in '13 after I did my taxes somewhere else.  So I figured this year I'd try MTS when I got this horrible letter from the IRS.I get a letter from the IRS stating I owe $14,000+ in taxes from stock trades that I did back in '08.  The part that I couldn't understand is that I lost money in stocks. At one point, I made a lot of money in one stock that I kept selling at a high price, then rebuying more of it when it went down, and kept doing that for a while when the market was pretty crappy.  The stock was Las Vegas Sands to be exact.  Later, I went all in on a "tip" and lost it all when the stock tanked. So fast forward 5 years later, IRS sends me a letter and tells me I owe them $14K in taxes from all my stock earnings.  They don't take into consideration what you lose, just what you sell.  So to them, I made a lot of money.Luckily for me, MTS grabbed all my E*Trade statements, compiled every single sell and buy, and filled out a form that reduced my balance to less than $1K. The feeling I got when I read that letter from the IRS, I wouldn't want to wish it on anyone.  I'm glad he got me through it, and for that he has a lifelong client.
5	Last year was our 1st time using Montti tax and it was great. My husband and I were looking for a secure place because our daughters SS had got stolen the year before. Ivanno helped us through that headache and made us feel safe again. Thanks for everything!! Feels good to have a safe and reliable tax service
5	I've been using to Montti Tax Service for 5 years now. Ivanno is great! He always goes the extra mile for his clients. He is honest and trustworthy and I know he is always doing his best on my behalf! I highly recommend Montti Tax Service to anyone looking for a new company!
