4	I've been here twice; once for breakfast and once for dinner.  Breakfast was a looong time ago, so all I can remember is that it tasted great but the price was a bit much.  (I'm cheap)I just had dinner tonight...well if you can call an appetizer combo 'dinner'.  It was pick any 4 items, and I chose fried cheese sticks, fried mushrooms, fried zucchini and fried chicken tenders.  Yup, a big ol' deep fried celebration on a plate.Everything was fried to absolute perfection!  Nothing was greasy.  Nothing was over cooked.  Nothing was soggy.  I mean, total golden crunchiness in every bite.  The zucchini's taste came through the batter.  The mozzarella gooied out of the perfectly battered and seasoned crust.  The mushrooms had a distinct sweetness to the batter, which was pleasant and delicious.  And the chicken tenders were juicy and had a nicely seasoned batter.  It was all delectable.Now, the service is what really won me over.  I was dead tired.  I didn't feel like eating at home.  I really didn't feel like being bothered by anybody or anything.  My waitress was very nice and pleasant.  She took the edge off of my mood and I relaxed and was at peace finally that night.  A genuine smile goes a long way.Oh and she called me 'Honey'.  I like being called 'Honey'.The price...eh, still a bit much.  The total bill with a drink came to 14 bucks.  I should stop being cheap.  But a $4 pop is not fun for me.  The platter itself was about $10, which is the norm for appetizer give-me-alls.  I left a nice tip because of the kindness I received.  What goes around comes around.I can't remember what time they open, but they serve breakfast so it must be early enough.  They close at 9 during the week, and not sure about the weekend.  Its pretty quaint and cozy inside.  The decor is somehow soothing and puts you at ease.  Very clean as well.All in all, this place is worth a visit if you don't mind the prices.  But like I said I'm a cheapo.  Anyway, I've found a place to unwind and have a good meal away from the tensions at home.
5	We go here for breakfast every weekend. Great food, great service, good prices.
4	On Sunday mornings, I love to go out for breakfast/brunch.  Sunrise Cafe is one of my favorite places to go for breakfast in Maricopa.  The staff is friendly, the restaurant is always clean and the food is great.  Last week, I took my dad there for breakfast. On the menu they have 6 dishes in a category called Mini Breakfast.  My dad ordered from that section and it was just enough for him.  I had a build your own omelete.  I ate half of it and was full.  I took the rest home and the next day had it for breakfast and it was still really yummy.  The thing I love the most about Sunrise Cafe are their hashbrowns.  OMG....they are so freakin' awesome.  Crispy on the outside, just the way I like it.If you are ever in Maricopa and looking for a breakfast spot, this is a great place to go.  Be warned the place is small and sometimes there is a wait. (Yes, it's popular)  They have you wait outside.  So if it's chilly out, bring a jacket.
4	If you live in Maricopa then you know how limited your selection of restaurants is so it's really nice when you find a good one.  My mother in law and grandmother in law wanted to go out to breakfast and we decided to make them drive here from Mesa so that we didn't have to.  We decided to go to Sunrise Cafe so that we wouldn't have to drive 20 miles somewhere else.  Now, when people say this place is small they really mean it.  This place is TINY!  When we got there one of the servers told us to sign in by the cash register and then go sit outside and they would call us when something opened up.  It was probably under 10 minutes until we were seated so it wasn't too long of a wait.They have a huge menu which is nice so that you have more options than the standard offerings.  The food was very good and the servings were gigantic.  The server we had was very friendly and attentive, always making sure we had whatever we needed.The prices on the menu seemed cheap but the total for all four of us ended up being $52 before tip which is a bit expensive for breakfast if you ask me.  But the food was good and the service was friendly so I will be returning in the future, I'll just be timing it around payday!
3	Support your local business!!! First off, Maricopa is a small town w/ NO big chain restaurants (yet). It's not a Marie Calendar, Denny's or I-Hop...it's Sunrise Cafe. The place is very small and there can be long waits at times, but it's well worth it. The food is good as well as the service. The menu is decent. I would much rather stay in town for a breakfast meal than travel 20+miles and possibly having to wait in line when I get there. Price: Although some of the meals are a little over priced...it's still not bad. I look at it as if I'm saving gas money from the long drive into town. All in all, it's a good local place. I'd recommend it to anyone new to Maricopa or just passing through.
4	Sunrise Cafe was reccommended to us by a family member for our stay here in Maricopa. We did the yelp recon and there were good reviews, so we headed out this morning hoping it wouldn't be too busy.I thought it would be a hole in the wall, out of the waynplace, but it turns out to be just off one of the main roads in a shopping mall next to Fry's grocery. We were seated right away and got coffee immediately. My bf and I shared the Denver omelette with home fries. When we were asked what kind of toast we wanted, biscuits and gravy was an option! We took it, of course. The bf's dad got two eggs, link sausage and hashbrowns. Our omelette was great, nice size to share, eggs cooked well and it was packed with small diced veggies and ham (no cheese which was a plus) though I was underwhelmed by the home fries. They were fresh and well seasoned but not crisp. The biscuit was fluffy and the gravy was plenty tasty. I tried the link sausage and it was lean and moist.It was said that the meals were pricy but coming from Hawaii, it wasn't bad at all! Actually $7.95 for the size omlette I got is a great deal.Also, I asked for a take out menu and I got a free magnet! How sweet is that?!
4	We went a second time and were not disappointed.  Though we didn't have to wait long, we told the waitress that we were there and she told us to wait outside.  No problem.  But if you are a local I suppose you can just walk right on in, not wait to be greeted and sit at the first table you see.  That notwithstanding, we were seated shortly after that and our food was brought to us quickly and it was very good again.
5	This was my first visit to this small piece of heaven. Walked in on a busy Friday lunch to 13 out of the 14 tables filled with smiling patrons. Our food was delivered rapidly and was amazing! I ordered the Eggs California, poached eggs over bacon, topped with holindase sauce and avocados. Wow was this good. The 3 large fluffy pancakes were too much for one person to enjoy. Overall, I would give this place 5 stars and we WILL be back!
4	I miss you !! When I lived in Maricopa my women and I used to go to this restaurant all the time. We loved it. If you are ever in Maricopa you should stop by. Not pricey and Yummy yum yum.
4	The Sunrise Diner is a solid breakfast place in the suburban town of Maricopa outside of Phoenix.  Offering wide selection of breakfast favorites, you can find pancakes, omelets and more.  Overall, for a town with nothing but chain restaurants, this is a nice little gem, in an otherwise desolate town.
5	Large portions that are delicious and reasonably priced!  Can't wait to come back.
1	I had breakfast at Sunrise Cafe this morning and it was one of the worst dine out experiences I have ever had. I was pleasantly surprised to only wait around 5 minutes for a table but then the visit went straight down hill. We ordered our drinks and then waited around 10 minutes for the waiter to come back and get our order. We ordered and while we waited the flies were so bad we could not even enjoy each other's company. The food was dropped off and never once got asked how everything was. I ordered french toast with sausage and my sausage was ice cold. The french toast tasted like bread with egg. It was so bland that I was going to ask for a side of cinnamon and powdered sugar to give it some flavor. However, I never had the chance to ask because two flies landed in the syrup and died on my plate. The server only returned after our drinks had been empty for a few minutes to drop off the check then said "oh, did you guys want some refills?" We declined just wanted to get out of there. Food was barely eaten and dead flies were on the plate yet we never were even asked how ANYTHING was! Super disappointed it what could be a great Mom and Pop Breakfast location.
1	This place is a total abortion.Honestly, I'm trying to be diplomatic about this, but they are basically committing culinary genocide.OK, perhaps that is harsh.It's a family owned restaurant that is run like a chinese takeout restaurant. The dishes do not match and the carpeted floor was rather filthy. There was a shop vac in the floor of the mens restroom.The orders where all wrong and the quality was completely sub-par.I make better food myself. I should have made lunch myself. Fail Sunrise Cafe.
1	The food was decent, after we waited 51 minutes to get it. 51minutes!! We weren't offered a refill even once, when all 4 of our drinks were empty. Our server brought meals to 4 other groups after us, before finally realizing that we hadn't gotten ours. She blamed it on the printer, and slapped us in the face with a 25% discount offer. We will never come back...this is the 2nd time we've eaten here and had similar problems. It's just not worth all the crap.
4	Best breakfast in Maricopa, for what that is worth.  They are consistent, and there are several things that I like on the menu (works omelette especially).  I'm usually there pretty early, it can get crowded mid morning.
4	Great variety of food excellent service! Only draw back is the size, small dining area
4	This is definitely one of the better restaurants in the Copa. I have only been here for breakfast but I would recommend their breakfast to anyone. Not only is the menu large and sure to have something to please everyone, the food is actually tasty hearty. I have only had one bad instance at Sunrise and that was due to my eggs being a bit under-cooked for my liking. I realize that is bound to happen though when you order eggs over easy or sunny side up. ALWAYS ORDER SCRAMBLED OR OVER MEDIUM AT A RESTAURANT. Anyways, the service is always fast and friendly and the prices are awesome for the amount of food you get. Just make sure you get here before you get too hungry. The place is tiny so you may be waiting for a bit before sitting down to eat
4	Food is always good, service is also.
3	Ate breakfast there and it was just ok, Prices were a little high for what you got. home fries tasted like they were cooked in lard. service was just ok
5	We eat at Sunrise frequently and have never been disappointed.  The food is consistently good.  The Chicken Fried Steak is AMAZING.  The hamburgers are soooo good and the Chicken Tortellini soup is superior. The salads are fresh and crisp and the breakfasts are varied and always well prepared.   The owner is friendly and puts out consistently good food.  We have always had very good service and will continue to return for a good meal.
5	Its a little expensive for what they serve, but the food is consistently good so the price is quickly forgiven.  Also its nice to have a varied menu to choose from. Service is excellent!!!
4	It's good to see that after a major remodel that Sunrise Cafe is still the best choice for food in Maricopa. They have expanded to roughly twice their original size and have added booths, a bar (beer, wine) and GREATLY enhanced the decor. Because of the lack of edible food in Maricopa, you still may have to wait to get in, but trust me-it's worth the wait! My wife and I had dinner there for the first time and it was very good. We will definitely return.
4	Louisa and her staff consistently serve good food. The Friday fish fry is great, and now you can have a glass of beer or wine with your meal. The newly remodeled restaurant has a feeling of openness...
3	This is a follow up to my review last week. We returned for another visit for dinner tonight at Sunrise Cafe and had another decent, although unexciting meal. While we still feel that Sunrise still offers the best choice for Maricopa diners, there seems to be a few items that could use some attention. First of all it seems to lack identity. Without any signature dishes (and a very extensive menu) its hard to tell what kind of place it is trying (or maybe not) to become. While most of the items are good there are some that are mediocre, at best. My wife had a Rueben sandwich that she did not finish because she felt that it was bland tasting. I had a bacon BBQ burger that was good, but nothing to write home about.  The new decor looks great, but with the remodel perhaps Sunrise will take another look at reducing their food offerings and concentrate on doing just a few items really well. Maybe adding some desserts would be a good compliment as well. We are optimistic about the future of Sunrise and hope that they can become even better.
2	Let me just start by saying this place does have good food. I have never had anything bad here...the service on the other hand is another story. My husband and I went for brunch today and just after we got our food and started eating the hostess came over and asked us to move to a booth across the restaurant so they could accommodate a larger party. I found this to be incredibly rude and inconsiderate. I have never been to a place that asks you to move while you are in the middle of your meal. The waitress tried to laugh it off saying we now had a better table, but I don't enjoying toting my food around the restaurant regardless. I found this to be incredibly bad as far as service and caution everyone that this could happen to you!
5	Absolutely love sunrise. Me and my wife have been here several times and have never had anything we did not like. I was a little apprehensive about the Maserati... boy was I wrong! It is awesome. We have tried several things off their menu and liked them all. Recently reconstructed the entire restaurant so hopefully they will open for a long time to come.
4	Better choice in Maricopa with the options available. Friday fish and chips all you can eat are great!! Service is ok
1	The breakfast here is not so bad.  They do make some good omlets and pancakes, but then again, so does my 10 yr old niece.  Also, I'm relatively certain that their hash browns are little more than shredded paper, as the flavor is quite similar.  In most everything I've eaten there, a certain luster is lacking, and that luster is called flavor.Last night, we tried dinner and it turned out to be an overall horrible experience.  We were actually the first diners in, and were followed by a solitary gentleman about 10min later.  Despite the fact that he arrived after us, he received his food and we nearly through eating before we ever got ours.  Perhaps this was due to the fact that as soon as he arrived, the waitress spent 98% of her time chatting with him.  When the plates arrived, we were expecting to at least enjoy what we had, but sadly, this was not to happen.I ordered the Sunrise Steak Sandwich, and my girlfriend ordered the ground sirloin steak.  It was quite obvious to us both upon taking our first bites that the cook (I would not dare to call this person a chef) has no sense of how to properly season food.  Neither dish had any flavor whatsoever.  What a dissappointment, and it was truly upsetting to have spent my hard earned money on such complete rubish.  It's my opinion that the only reason this place gets any good reviews results from the fact that the people of Maricopa are used to such an extremely low quality of dining to choose from, that the food at Sunrise actually tastes good to them.  It seems as if they've abandoned their God given right to something better.   Instead of reconstructing the restaurant, they should have reconstructed their recipes.  Where we are concerned, my girlfriend and I would prefer to make the drive out of Maricopa from now on.
2	Monday around 11am, a small mom and pop diner with a home type atmosphere. We were seated within a couple of minutes. Our drink order was not taken until our order was taken which took about 10 minutes. The menu was very large, which tells me that there is a lot of frozen food and mixes. I ordered a simple plate of biscuits and gravy with two sausage links and has browns. The biscuits were not homemade and the gravy was either from a can or a box. The sausage links were great. They tasted as if they were made that morning. My hash browns were nothing special. Overall, I would not rare this place higher than your standard Denny's.
4	The renovations look fantastic! I hadn't been in there since early 2012 but dropped in for a quick breakfast and cup of decaf coffee and what they have done with the place it really impressive. It looks a lot more like an open and inviting breakfast nook as opposed to a small drab cramped little cafe. The food is pretty good and all for a fair price. Support our local Maricopa restaurants and maybe we'll get more and the ones that have stuck around will continue to get better like Sunrise has. I will be back.
4	Great breakfast but get there early on the weekends as it can get crowded. The Eggs Benedict Maricopa with sausage sans Canadian Bacon are fantastic.
4	Soups made fresh daily! Cabbage and corned beef = yum!
3	The wait was long to get seated so I had high hopes for the Sunrise Cafe. I had the Eggs Benedict which was very good overall. My girlfriend thought the hollandaise sauce was a little heavy but I liked the taste. It took a long time to get our meals due to the large amount of customers and we were left with our orange juice's to pass the time. Unfortunately, the orange juice tasted like Tang. It was watered down and surely not fresh squeezed, which you would expect for $3 for a pretty small glass. It probably came from Sysco and wasn't shaken up, or just came from just crappy oranges. The bus boy and waitress seemed unconcerned when I mentioned this to them which left me with a bad taste in my mouth, so to speak.
5	Wonderful breakfast.  We were going to the casino and decided to stop for breakfast.  We shared the Masarati omelette and it was so good we will look for reasons to come back...even though it's an hour from home. Don't miss the home fried potatoes that come with it.  Absolutely fantastic.   Had no problems with the wait.  They have recently enlarged.The help was friendly and we would definitely return!!!
4	The first time I visited this cafe, their fire alarm was going off.  It was excruciating to hear, yet the staff went about their business as is it wasn't going off.  When we complained, they told us it happened all the time.  We finally couldn't take it anymore and left.However, months later, I did return and I must say that the food was very good.  Nothing to put in a world travel list, but good.  It was the best eggs benedict I've had in Arizona.  Service was acceptable as well, which for Maricopa is pretty amazing.
2	We went here for dinner.  I ordered the pork chops. My husband ordered the chicken fried steak.  We also ordered the fried mac and cheese.  Our waters came fast and was kept full which I liked. The rolls they brought out were hard as rocks.  Their salad was ok, their clam chowder was good.  They forgot to bring us our fried mac and cheese so we never had that.  They spilled water on my husband but the lady was very apologetic and brought us tonz of paper towels. Their pork chops were fried and dry and hard, I could barely cut it with the knife they provided.  My boyfriend loved their chicken fried steak but complained the gravy lacked flavor.  Their french fries were good.  Everyone was very nice but the service was really slow and there were only 3-4 tables  with couples.  I won't go back for dinner but I might try their breakfast if I have ALOT of time.
3	Decent breakfast place. Servers are nice and friendly, food was good. For the price and service it wasn't a bad deal. Overall satisfied.
2	After moving to Maricopa a month ago we finally decided to try the sunrise cafe for lunch. The atmosphere was ok and the staff was friendly enough. I had the ruben sandwich and my husband had the bacon and swiss burger. The wait for our food was a bit long, longer then you'd expect for two sandwiches and some fries. The fries were cold, over cooked, and had zero seasoning. My ruben really should have had double the amount of corn beef on it. I was very surprised at how little they put on. Also, no coarse mustard!!?!? How can you serve corned beef and not have coarse mustard to offer guests? My husband's burger was cooked to the temperature he liked, however, he said it was very bland. Again, no seasoning on anything. Also some of the staff tend to like to have personal, non work related conversations right in front of guests. It was inappropriate. As we were finishing up I was watching a server refill the sugars and ketchup bottles. They keep all of their packets of sugars in these old filthy buckets and then place them on your table top but don't wipe the tables off afterwards. Refilling ketchup bottles didn't seem any cleaner as they were pouring it from an old, dingy, plastic, pitcher. Those two things kind of grossed me out. Granted I'm a bit of a clean freak but still if you're going to do these things in front of customers at least make it look more presentable. Also wish the staff were a bit more respectful I'm not your hun nor your sweetie and don't really care for people who call people that. Anyhow, we might be back to try breakfast but if that goes the way our lunch did, we wouldn't come back.
2	We finally came here for breakfast and it was okay but nothing special. My boyfriend's waffle was definitely frozen and reheated as it was mushy instead of crispy. He said his food was bland and even the coffee seemed cheap. My eggs Benedict was decent enough but I've had way better. We just don't understand why so many people like to rave about this place, maybe it's because this is basically the only breakfast place Maricopa has. We're looking forward to moving back to Chandler next year so we can go back to our favorite places.
4	Best breakfast in Maricopa, hands down. Their interesting takes on Eggs Benedict are fabulous, service is friendly though often slow as it gets pretty packed in there during weekends.One of the few non-chain restaurants in Maricopa, it's a great place for an indulgent breakfast. Fairly expensive for breakfast, quality of food more than makes up for that.
4	I would say, this place is in the top three restaurants in Copa. We decided to eat dinner here last night. This place is a hidden gem. From the greeting you receive when you walk in from a nice lady from Scotland to the outstanding service by our waitress Brooklynn. The decor was nice and comfortable. The food came pretty quick and it was amazing. I had the chicken fried steak, mash potatoes and veggies. I also had a salad on the side. The meal was huge like their menu. I even ate all of my veggies. The only thing I see was the salads were overloaded with croutons. The price was also reasonable. The drink prices were a little higher than normal. Overall a great experience. We have to come back and check out Breakfast. I've heard great things about it and my family will be regulars at this spot.
4	Very Busy, must have patients, thats the result of excellent food, service is a hit and a miss...
4	Super friendly, home town atmosphere.  I've only had breakfast, loved the chicken fried steak.  Sometimes the hashbrowns are amazing.  Othertimes they are soggy.  My friend had a burger and it looked super good.  She was a fan.  We definitely eat here when we need a good breakfast.
5	We went for breakfast on the 4th of July and it was a wonderful experience.  The service was excellent - our waitress was friendly and attentive - and the food was very good.  I had the veggie omelet and substituted egg whites for regular eggs.  The meal was large and I took half of it home for breakfast the next day.  My husband picked one of the mini breakfasts and it was just the right amount of food.  The price was reasonable and it was an enjoyable meal.
2	It really does pain me to rate Sunrise so poorly, as they are one of the few decent restaurants in Maricopa. TWICE now my wife has found a hair in her salad. Hairs in food are not all that uncommon in the restaurant industry, but it always leads me to the question, "If they're skimping on the hair nets, what other practices are they overlooking?" Washed hands? Clean cooking utensils? It's just bad form. We ordered the Monte Cristo and mozzarella sticks in addition to the salad. Both tasted like the oil for frying needed to be replaced. The Monte was so bad we sent it back and left. The service was good as always but the food was SO disappointing. I love their breakfast burritos but they won't be getting our business for a very long time.
3	Small restaurant with the small town feel. Sometimes the food is great but other times disappointing. Same with the servers. The menu is home style food. Breakfast is their best meal.
2	And to make an edit: after writing all of this, I found 3 hairs in my eggs.....It sucks I have to give this place 2 stars. The food really is very good!!!however, as most other people have mentioned, the service sucks!!!! Most people who have business in Maricopa usually bring the best service because they want people to keep coming back especially since most people do not hesitate to jump on 347 to go to other restaurants. Every time I have ate here, the service was the absolute worst.  No greeting when walking in the door. No one ever says thank you or you're welcome. Just little hospitality things that takes no effort,  like they don't give a shit.And to add, I just made my final order from this place. I called to place a carryout,  the lady answers the phone and I say "I would like to place an order please"... and she says what do you want? ...at the end she gives me my total, I say thank you,  and she says "uh huh" and hangs up. Like wtf!!!!!! Please stop supporting this business!
4	Food was great and priced right! Service was also great. She recommended an Omelet that was exactly what she said it would be, delicious!
4	Had lunch here on Good Friday.Nice interior, feels spacious.Lots of empty tables but we had a half hour wait for ours strange! We waited an age for the waiter to take our order then another long wait for food.Our daughters food came out a good 15 minutes before ours so she was finished and bored by the time ours arrived.Food was tasty and good size portions.Toilets are much too small for the size of restaurant but very clean, can imagine huge queues when the place is full! Enjoyed looking around at all the memorabilia, all quite old though so if you have teens they probably won't recognise any of the artists!
3	I've been here many times. Many times the food was amazing. Sometimes the food was blah. I've been here for lunch twice and will never come again for anything other than breakfast. Their french toast is amazing and omelets are large and flavorful. The problem is consistency. I always order the same thing every time I go and receive home fries with peppers and onions, sometimes just plain ol potatoes, sometimes a lot of home fries, sometimes like 6 potatoes. Their customer service is not consistent either. Sometimes great, sometimes bad, sometimes ok. I can't make an omelet to save my life, so I will be returning. Just wish they were a bit more consistent on food and service. Better than IHOP. Go early to avoid a long wait!
5	The Eggs Benedict dish that has the avocado is so good! I've never had issues with service like other reviewers, but maybe I just got lucky! Definitely a favorite for breakfast food.
2	This place is simply okay.  It's usually busy, especially for breakfast on the weekends, but I believe that is because there is a lack of options in town.  Nothing here is awful, but it's just not that good either.  Meh.
3	I just moved to Maricopa and this was my first stop. Not a bad way to start in my new city. This place is not fancy, but the bacon burger was solid, and the people running this place seem really friendly.
2	So disappointed by a place that has such rude front-end service that it's hardly worth getting to a seat where service is hit or miss, with food that is hit or miss. Instead of improving customer service, they've now hung a sign telling people to shut their kids up, and shut up about bad service. Pretty sad. A little courtesy goes a long way toward customer service and good feeling. I remember when they first moved into this town years ago. They are a shadow of their former selves in all ways.
