4	Boy did I sure feel like heel when in an attempt to catch a football I clipped the front of my shoes on the curb and scraped the leather. I mean these are not just any shoes people. Let's just say if Carrie Bradshaw were a man, Carrie Bradshaw would have these puppies. I'm talking handcrafted Johnston & Murphy. Ok? I spent a week grieving unsure what to do. I ate a lot of ice cream. Watched Tori Spelling I'm a woman in peril movie marathon. And cleared several boxes of tissues. Tony The TigerTony Orlando and DawnTony The Shoe GuyMy three favorite Tony's! Six bucks and an hour later, they were in pristine condition. My feet and my soul, once again unified. Happy. Comfortable. And, most importantly, styling.Though I can't figure out why shoe repair shops smell like a mechanics garage. Hmmmm...anyone? Bueller? Anyone?
1	Well, I'm glad someone had a good experience here.  Mine was horrible.  I'm not complaining about the quality of workmanship because this was fine but the man running the place is HORRIBLE.I didn't have my red claim ticket because a friend had dropped of the purse for me.  However, I did have a receipt showing the purse had already been paid for and I pointed out the purse hanging on the wall and described exactly what it had been brought in for.  You'd think surely this would have been enough but, NOT so.  The manager flat out REFUSED to give me my purse even with the receipt.  I demanded my purse several times and then and only then, he relented--I was FURIOUS.I will NEVER do business here again even though the owner was very nice and apologetic when I called him at another store.
5	After an unfortunate go-round with another shoe repair shop left me out $15 and with still-slippery heels (please reference http://www.yelp.com/biz/colonnade-shoe-shop-and-repair-phoenix#hrid:6-s_6CEptI5hsNspo_2tTg/src:self), I brought the culprits to Tony's Shoe Repair based on a recommendation from the Holiest Shoe Mecca on planet Earth, Nordstrom's. The guy at Tony's looked a little skeptical whilst I lamented the treacherous nature of the heels themselves, but he agreed to replace the heel tips with a different material without a single argument. Oh, and it took under an hour. Oh, and it was under $10. The next time I braved the skating-rink slick floors at work, the heels did not slip a single time. Woo! More recently, upon deciding to dye a pair of suede boots, I visited Tony's once again to ask for advice. Once again, the guy looked skeptical (perhaps that's just his resting face?) but suggested a product that would do the trick. $7.50 later, I've got sweet black boots. Thanks, dude!
5	tony's is hard to find. really, really hard to find. google maps takes you to the wrong parking lot on the wrong street, so calling for directions is the way to go. if you know where kobalt is, you're in luck because tony's turns out to be right next door.after getting hopelessly lost, i did the smart thing and called efferin, they guy behind the counter, who patiently guided me in.five minutes after i arrived, my shoes had brand spanking new heel pads and i was out the door with my shoes and slip guards for just $13. it was only after i arrived home that i realized the smiling cobbler had not only done the work i requested, but had also shined the heels and repaired some scuffs. thank you! customer service was excellent.price was very reasonable.work was fast and flawless.and, most importantly, i'm back on the dance floor. yes.lola
5	You buffed. You shined. You commented on my behind. Yep. Tony. I'm upping you a star sir!$40 to spruce up my favorite Johnston & Murphy hand made Italian shoes for my launch party was the Deal of the Century. And it took, what, a couple hours? New heels. New insoles. Did I mention buffed and shined. Oh. Yep. I did. Get your shoes a makeover at Tony's. Tell 'em Thomas sent you!
5	I have a pair of boots that I love and the heal got destroyed from walking around in the snow with all the salt.  I found tony's and went to get my boots repaired because I plan on wearing them over Christmas. I was worried that I wasn't going to be able to get them fixed in time. I went to tony's with my boots, asked how much and how long and the man said 12 dollars and 20 minutes!!!! Not only was the job very well done, but it ended up taking about 10 minutes!!! Definitely recommend this place! Quick shoe repair at a great price! Thanks Tony's!!!!
5	This place is seriously the best shoe repair place in the US!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix and I bring all of shoe repair to Tony's...it's just that good!  He fixes some problems on the spot or within the day and is reasonably priced...you seriously can't beat this place!
5	Based on the reviews here on Yelp I ran over to Tony's to have my heels repaired. Within 5 minutes they had sanded my heels down and replaced the tips. I was even more shocked when it only cost $10!! I have finally found my favorite shoe guy!! Thanks Tony's!!
5	Doc Marten's 20 eyelet knee high comfy boots.Took me forever to ladderlace them.They are cheaters as they do have side zippers.I guess the Trad Gods looked down upon me for it and decided to smite me.Pleading dyslexia as the reason for the need of zippers in the first place did not appease the Gods.As they pointed a craggy hand at the zipper,let out a giggle and a snarl...BLAMMO!Spontaneous Zipper combustion.Dammit.Shit.Fuck.Now what...Do I send them back to Fleet Street?Do I retire them?Do I get all punk rawk and put them back together with safety pins or duct tape?No...I bring them to Tony's Shoe Repair.Shoe Genuis looked at the boot,then gave me that knowing glance of "Ah....Trad God Smiting,yes?"I answered with my eyes alone,the look of zipper shame that said "Yes".He told me the zipper would need replacing and he'd try and get it as close as possible to the original but couldn't guarantee it would match it's mate.I was okay with that,I feel kind of lost without my Doc's...Besides,it's still better than safety pins or duct tape.Less than 24 hours later,I go pick up my boot.O.M.G.It's as if the smiting never happened!It was a miracle.Tony's must have a Lourdes of Zippers grotto in the back of the shop or something.I can picture thousands of broken zippers hanging from the rocks...Speaking of rocks,Tony's Shoe Repair and their resident Shoe Genius rocks!Thank you Thank you Thankyou!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I went to Tony's based on the reviews here, and the reviews have it spot on.  I have a ten-year old pair of Italian-made Kenneth Cole's that are the most unique and beautiful shoes I've ever owned, and I literally want to wear them for the rest of my life.  Hell, I want to be buried in these shoes, since all the mourners will be saying, "Damn, that guy had taste."  These beauties have been in need of new soles for about four years now, and I have been reluctant to give them to just anyone, only to see them ruined.  No, I needed a specialist.  I needed the Mayo Clinic for shoes.  I'm proud to say that Tony's is the Mayo Clinic.I almost cried when I received my shoes back, because they looked better than they did when I bought them.  Not only that, he had them finished the next day.  Last time I had shoes repaired it took nearly a week, and they didn't look half as good.  I also took my wife's Mary Janes in to have a strap replaced and he matched the original perfectly.  I salute you, Tony's, and so do the shoemakers of Italy.
4	I passed up three other nearby shoe places and drove a little further to this one after reading all the great Yelp reviews.I got three shoes repaired here, and was satisfied but expected more after reading all the fab reviews. I can at least wear the shoes now but thought it would be better craftsmanship. I must say, they have very quick service and great prices though. I would suggest being very specific when you tell what you want done.It is a little tricky to find too - so be sure to call and ask for directions!
5	This place is amazing.  There is a sign out now to point you in the right direction so much easier to find. I highly recommend this place. I have now used them 5 times and each time was for heel repair. I was able to wait for my shoes and they were done within 10 minutes.
5	I stopped by Tony's on a Saturday, a week and few days before a business trip.  Needed my dress shoes shined and a slight tear repaired.  He asked me if I wanted new heels and showed me clear signs of wear and tear (soon to be holes), all for $25.  I quickly agreed and asked when he could have them back to me (expecting one week).  "30 minutes" was his reply.  30 MINUTES???  Need I say more... (there were also two people in the store ahead of me).  He's a miracle worker, right on the mark with customer service and has definitely EARNED my repeat business.
1	Don't go!!!  Tony's WAS the best shoe repair.  There are NEW owners who can not be trusted.  You have to pay in advance and their prices have really gone WAY UP!  They give you a little 'pink card' with your number as a receipt.  If you don't have your little pink card - good luck!!  They have no way of finding your shoes.  Their work is POOR, they are rude and their prices are crazy.  The good reviews for Tony's are old - NOT for these new owners.
5	Fast , fair, and friendly service. They don't try to cheat you here.  I;ve come here twice to have 2 pairs of shoes fixed.  I like that the guy lets me know what the most affordable way is that he can fix my shoes.  When I asked what the alternative was on a pair of shoes, he said it would be $50.  Seeing as how I could jus get another pair for that price, I appreciate the honesty!What really hooked me was that I arrived right as hes about to turn off the lights at closing but he saw me coming and still opened the door with a smile to let me in.  No grumbling nor did I have to beg for him to let me pick up my shoes.  For good service like that - they are a HUGE plus in my book.
4	I've been here multiple times to have shoes repaired. I went very recently to have a pair of boots metal shoelace loops replaced. When I dropped them off I was told it would be about an hour. After running some errands I went back to pick them up. As I was looking over them I realized there was a little tear in the leather that wasn't there before. Asked the nice man that was working if there was any way he could put something on the leather so it would tear any further. He had no problem doing this. After two min he returned and my shoes were like brand new. He felt bad about the little tear in the leather and ended up not charging me at all. I really appreciate that he didn't try to pull a  fast one on me and try to charge me more. I come here all the time and ill continue to come back for the great service.This location is a little tricky to find.
5	Took in a pair of Steve Maddens that were scuffed up, and the left heel was broken in half (in half). Even though they are not my most expensive pair, they are my favorite. In hopes that they could pull out a miracle, I turned them in. next day, Viola! FIXED.. I love this place.
5	High quality shoe boot and bag repair at a reasonable price.. They also offer many different products to use on leather, canvas, etc.. Very quick service. I will definitely be back when I'm needing to have an shoes or a purse  repaired.
5	I went to Tony's based on the reviews others have posted. Tony's exceeded my expectations. I dropped my favorite Boulet boots off one afternoon for new heels and soles, and picked them up the next.I would recommend Tony's to anyone looking for fast, reliable, reasonably priced service.
5	Ladies! This is the only place to bring your Louboutin's for protective soles or leather repair. Edgar does the best job and takes extra good care of your shoes. He always has red vibram soles on hand and it's only $35. Small price to pay to protect your babies! I've seen some horrible work with thick black soles that come up too far and ruin the whole look of the shoe from behind. I've also seen thick off red color soles and those are just as awful. His red vibram soles match perfectly, they are thin and he blend them in so well, it looks like you bought them that way. He cuts the soles at the right point so they don't show when you're standing but still protects the bottom from rocks and scuffing. I've been bringing my loubs to him for years and I'm always happy!Love this guy!!
5	Tony (if that's his name) hooked me up on a Saturday. Needed new heels on my favorite boots. Took him 30 minutes. Just enough time for me to go get cash, which is required. Good deal. Fast service. I'll be back.
5	Under Promise, Over Deliver.I brought in a pair of leather shoes after scuffing them against a curb.  They were brutally honest and told me once you scratch the leather it is tough to fix it up.  When I picked up my shoes today I was impressed- the scratches were non-existent and they looked brand `spankin' new!  It only cost me $10 and it was totally worth it considering a new pair would cost me $150-$200.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a reliable team in the shoe repair industry.  Thanks!
5	When I worked downtown for 3 yrs, someone told me about this place, and I went.  It's the best shoe repair business I've experienced.  Took leather shoes 3 times for repair--soles and a broken heal.  Much less than replacing them, due to cost, comfort--and shoes I love.  They are fast and courteous.  I love this place.
5	Came here based off of other reviews even though it was a little out of my way. Didn't disappoint! Said they would be ready in 30 min. which was amazing! Make sure to have cash available. Well worth the time and $!
5	I am rough on my heels--at least a mile long trip, multiple times a day, over asphalt, sidewalk, and tile. Needless to say, I've destroyed a few heels before the rest of the shoe was ready to call it quits. Enter Tony's. I took 5 pairs there on Saturday and all were repaired in no time! Tony was even so nice to see whether a stain could be removed from a pair of nude pumps--no charge! The new heels matched the shoe color and all look almost as good as new! $10 per pair, cash only. Now I can spend my money on some fun shoes! Thanks, Tony's!
1	Well... my first review on Yelp!   Unfortunately, it took a particularly awful experience with a local business known as Tony's Shoe Repair to inspire me to write it.Well let's get down to it shall we?I have a pair of favorite Steve Madden shoes that are pretty basic slip on leather oxfords with a square tip. These shoes are so much a favorite that I have actually worn out the soles, especially the one which is cracked right down the middle. So I figured I would look into finding a local cobbler to repair them. I would rather buy a new pair of them but they don't make them anymore and trust me, I looked.After perusing the Internet for reviews of local places, I kept coming across a place called Tony's which seemed to have great word-of-mouth from most people. After I decided on a place I decided I'd give Tony's a try, which as it turns out is much more difficult to find then one might think. The place is buried in the middle of a shopping square with restaurants and a hospital. When I was finally able to find the place, I walked in and found a small modest shoe repair shop with a large counter in front and no customers or employees to be seen anywhere.  I stood there for a few minutes and just waited... And then I called out "...hello?" At this point I noticed a short dark haired middle-aged man in the back area behind a bunch of shoe repair equipment and clutter. He glanced over at me, said nothing and then went back to what he was doing. Eccentricity and business rarely co-mingle well but I was willing to give them a chance because of all the great reviews... So I waited.And waited.This man clearly saw I was standing there with shoes which I had set up on the counter. He looked over at me again and seemed very annoyed like I owed him money or something. At this point I said directly to him..." hey "..." how's it going?"He looked up... stopping what he was doing and stared at me for a moment without saying a word. He slammed down the shoe he was holding onto the work bench in front of him and walked around the table up to the front counter where I stood, acting as if I was interrupting his day.When he walked up to the counter he didn't really say anything.... he just kind of looked at me and looked at my shoes which were on the counter in front of him. Then he began to shake his head from side to side rather sheepishly and looking utterly confused. So I ignored this and began to explain to him what I needed. I turned the shoe over and showed the cracked sole to him and he reached out for it and grabbed it to look at it. He only looked for a second and once again confused looking asked me what I wanted. Since I had just explained to him what I wanted this was rather, odd. At this point I asked him if he was Tony to which he responded,  .."yeah yeah." So I asked him straight up can you fix these? He then walked away from the counter and grabbed some material for shoe soles which was completely different then what mine needed... And he began to shake his head again saying that he wasn't sure if it was possible. He then proceeded to tell me that he could do it but it would cost me $80 per shoe and that I might not want to do it.  It seemed like he did not want to do it and did not want my business. Once again this was very odd. Especially considering the fact that they brag about how long they've been doing business and their reputation which seems rather dubious at this point. I like sites like Yelp for reviews of businesses so you can get a feel for what it's like before spending your money or more importantly your valuable time on something or someone who is not worth it. However I am starting to have my doubts about the system itself and whether many of the reviews on such sites are friends or relatives of the owner of the business trying to boost sales through duplicitous marketing tactics using fake reviews. Stranger things have happened.Since the shoes cost $60 brand new a few years ago such an outrageous amount (for each shoe mind you) seemed incomprehensible. Add to that the fact that he didn't seem to want to fix or know HOW to properly fix them. For such a simple job to be so confused and uninterested and unable to offer any help whatsoever... It's a wonder to me that this place stays in business.Maybe good ol Tony was just having an off day... But my gut tells me what I wrote earlier is much closer to the truth than any of us would like to admit.Stay far far away from this place.
5	This place really is worth the the 5 stars they keep receiving!Took in my favorite Tory Burch leather wedges. One pair is cognac colored and had a spot of dark hair dye that fell on it from a trip to the salon. On the other pair, the rubber sole had fallen off and I hadn't realized it so I kept walking on it... by the time I noticed it a chunk of the wedge had worn away and the nails in the shoe were sticking out! Took them into Tony, he repaired the heels and painted over the dye. They looked almost new! He even polished them, all for about 30 bucks. Totally worth it considering how expensive the shoes are to buy new. I will totally be back with more shoes!Oh btw, the shop is kind of hard to find. Its behind the Jamba Juice, across from the parking structure. My GPS could not find it, I had to call them and have them guide me.
