4	I was having brake issues in May 2009 and I was looking for a place to take my car on a Saturday morning. I just happened to drive by Big O on Pecos/Windmill. I stopped, the guy said he could look at it right then. Long story short, 2 hours and $580.00 later my brakes were done and it was amazing what a difference good brakes make. So this month, the front brakes were sqeaking and grinding so I took it back. They did some work on them(no clue what it was) and did it at no charge which amazed me. It's much better now and he didn't try to sell me something else and it was done in under 90 minutes. This place seems honest and knowledgeable. Recommended !EDIT:I've been back here 2X this year. My 10 year old Pontiac had some brake issues again, and I figured they'd have record of what they'd already done. Sadly, I had to spend $900 plus on brakes all round, which really makes a difference in the car!!And now, last week, my "check coolant" message was on (well, for the last month, and I kept putting coolant) so I went back here and $750 later, owned a new water pump and all the stuff that goes with it. god, I hate spending money on car repairs. I've always felt good about going here. I always have to wait to have the work done and the waiting room is clean and only smells mildly of grease and tires :) (PS The restroom is clean too). They offer free bottled water, cold, which is a nice change.At any rate, I hope I can sell the car later this year but now I know most of things are working on it!
1	I first took my car to this shop because I bought a ittle coupon book with a few Free Oil Change coupons. Had my oil changed, and as part of their inspection they suggested I get new rotors and break pads, and showed me why. They quoted over $300 to do this repair, and I felt that was a little high. Then, I noticed my oil was leaking. Ended up taking it to another mechanic, who did the break work for $170, and said my oil cap was put on poorly. My mother in law then went to this shop as her car battery had died, and was told it would be over $100 to replace - when you can go buy a battery and get it installed from Advanced Auto Parts for $60! I don't know if this shop is dishonest or just really pricey, but I have since taken my business elsewhere.
1	I was a customer at your location on windmill and pecos here in las Vegas. I had your company mount and install my rims and tires. I have had to return 3 times for a leak in one of the tires. Tonight is the last time that I will be going to any of your establishments. I was blatantly lied to by your employee James. After the car being at your service center since 2 pm I came to find that the car had still not been looked at at 7 pm. He then stated that you would get to it regardless. I left and then received a call approximately 10 minutes later from him. He stated the car was ready. I then returned and asked what the problem was. He claimed the tech found a pinhole in the tire after leak checking it in water. He then patched it from the inside and we are good to go. It is amazing to me that someone can pull the car in, remove the wheel, leak check it, remove the tire, patch it from the inside and then reinstall the tire on the rim and put it all back together in 10 minutes. All of this and the dust on my wheels was completely undisturbed. I will NEVER use any of your companies stores again. As a business owner with 15 + service vehicles on the road I guarantee you that you will never earn a dollar of my business. Hopefully your corporate office looks into this and sorts this store out as you look completely incompetent. I will be posting reviews about this event wherever I can on the net to let people know of this subpar customer service. Thanks for nothing Big O.
2	PRO:  Sold me four tires for my Honda Passport at a good price.CON:  Told me my 9 month old, 8000 miles used brake job was nearly gone..  after I took my vehicle back to the place I had my brakes done in May 2010, I was physically shown how my brakes looked, as opposed to Big O Tires, who told me, but didn't show me, the condition of my brakes.I won't go back to this Big O ever again.
4	Overall this place was pretty solid when it came to my last minute tire changing needs. While driving to Cali, I had a blow out on the highway just before Jean fortunately and was able to change it with no problem. When I got the spare on and back to my house, I went out searching for two new rear tires for my car which are not something that most stores keep in stock. After a few phone calls and some web surfing, I found Big O Tires on Pecos/Windmill which said they could have the tires I need delivered to their store in about an hour. Within a couple of hours of me getting to the store, (they were pretty busy), they were able to change out my tires in no time. And the best part other then getting the tires so quickly? They were having a sale that weekend of buy one get one 1/2 off. So not only did I get my tires right away, but I got them for much cheaper then anywhere else in town or online. Thanks Big O Tires!The only gripe I had,  which was not that big of a deal had they told me over the phone, was there was a $20 delivery charge for the tires since I needed them now instead of later. Hence they are receiving four stars.
2	Came here to get new tires, because my tread was getting pretty low on the front two. Ended up selling me all four, and I can't honestly tell you if it was absolutely necessary or not.. But its ok, because now they are all new. About a week later I left town and parked my car at the airport to come back to my rear tire completely flat. Upset because I had just gotten new ones, but they said it was under warranty so I took it back in.  First staff member wasn't the friendliest, and  I waited an hour and a half for them to patch a hole or find what was wrong.  They came out to say they couldn't find anything wrong with it( after putting it in water to see bubbles and everything. etc..) I was pretty upset, but figured, well If it gets flat again I will just bring it back. Literally, 4 days later the exact same tire.. flat. Thankfully I have an air pressure pump at my condo because there is no way I could of even drove to a gas station. I filled it, and as I was putting the cap on the gauge, I see a very thick, and metal something sticking out in the tread. Exactly what had caused the initial flat.  VERY upset, that they ' couldn't find it' I took it back, circled it in the brightest red lipstick I own and barged in. Store manager was there that day and was very nice and apologetic, and they patched the tire successfully. However, I don't think I will go back next time as it makes me a bit weary to know that tire tecs can't find a piece of metal sticking out of the tire. Also felt a bit like they tried to take me the first round since I was a female and was upfront about knowing nothing about car specs.
1	This place is terrible. I used to buy tires and rims and get my car serviced there is terrible. And they pressure you to buy things you dont need. Used to be good but service is garbage.
1	Went back there because I had a flat tire and was towed in. They wouldn't honor warranty on tires. Said had too many miles. I had spent $2100 on rims and tires there. They tried to pressure me into buying sumitomo tires which are garbage. I drove across the street to discount tires to avoid their bullshit. They are horrible. This happened 1 1/2 years ago.
1	My family and I had by far the worst tire experience here! We were there for over 5 hours! When we first arrived they told us an hour and a half, then continued to say a few more minutes every time we would ask to see what was taking so long. Long story short, they ended up putting parts on our truck they didn't even talk to us about. The bill came to $1200 and something but we were told $762 when they started the truck. Avoid this place, they scammed a poor little old man before us as well, came in for an oil change and ended up spending 5 hours and over $700 dollars to leave again...poor Charlie. This place is filthy as well, dead bugs, broken lights, dirt EVERYWHERE......Go to Costco or Sams, trust me!
1	Came here because Discount Tire was having a Employee Appreciation day a couple of months ago.  Walk in and ask for 4 tires, and also ask if there are any discounts going on at the time.  Guy says no deals going on, but while he is quoting my price I passively check bigo's website on my iPhone and whaddya know? There was a $75 off deal going on when you buy 4 tires.  I point it out to the guy and he immediately cuts the price.  Slime.  I should have left then and there, but it gets worse.  He Quotes me a time of 45min - 1hr.  I sit in the waiting room from the 1980's for about 1 hr and check on my car.  They hadn't even started yet.  Frustrated, I went for a walk around the block to starbucks and back.  When I came back I sat down in the parking lot to watch the tech work on my car.  After finally getting around to my car the tech began to unscrew the tires with reckless abandon and dropping the tires on the ground so that the rims were parallel to the ground!  Saw me looking at him and took a little more care with the rest, but the damage was done.  A couple of minutes later the manager calls me over and tells me that they "found" the TPMS sensor cracked in half inside of my tire, makes up some crazy lie about how the sensor would still be working because it was rolling around in the tire.  (BS)  I had no tire light when I came to the shop, but left with one.  btw the sensor was $250 dollars.  Of course the crooks did not offer to replace it but stuck with their story of "finding it" that way.  So...Got 4 new tireswasted 4 hrsand spent extra $250 on tire sensorAVOID and go to discount tire
2	Big O Tires might want to reconsider it's motto: "The Team You Trust" because the folks who work here try to sell customers on unnecessary service and parts just to pad the bill.But let's put the positives up front: if you come in here with decent knowledge about car repair and what is/is not necessary to keep your particular car running, Big O Tires isn't a bad mechanic shop.  Their mechanics do solid work and they carry premium tires and will help you choose the right tires to fit your car's make and model,That said, if you need a mechanic you can trust to tell you what work needs to be done on your car, go somewhere else.  This shop is all about sales--more service, more parts--mostly unnecessary.  It's a shame really that this has become the standard at corporate mechanic shops.  If only there was a corporate mechanic operating on the idea of trust--only advising customers to obtain the necessary repairs and distinguishing optional repairs--that shop would earn a lot of repeat business.  Big O Tires does not do that.  Even if you come in telling them you want a specific, cheap repair (like patching a tire), they will try to sell you on the more expensive, unneeded option (new tires!).So don't come here unless you feel confident enough in your car repair knowledge to tell the mechanics what repairs you do and don't need.
1	LOYAL CUSTOMER NO MORE!!!!!I purchased my tires here & along with the purchase comes free rotation, balancing & alignment. (It really does not come with it, you have to pay for it)  I came in & asked for my tires to be ROTATED & BALANCED.  Geoff one of the service managers asked if I wanted the Alignment checked, he said it was free, so I said ok.I believe Geoff and Ernie are great guys, however, they are CLUELESS as to what is happening in the garage behind them & I find this difficult to understand since they both spend a lot of time in the garage chatting with the other mechanoics when it is slow in front.  There is nothing wrong with that, BUT you would think they would be paying attention to what is happening on the vehicles they write up & send back.I asked how long it would take & I was told they were not busy so they should get it in right away.  After about 15 minutes this guy takes my truck to a bay on the other side of the shop.  I did not feel like sitting inside so I went outside to enjoy the day and watch him work on my vehicle.I watched him slowly walk around the garage looking for tools, finally start working on my vehicle.  SERIOUSLY, IT TOOK THIS GUY 45 MINUTES TO take my tires off my vehicle and move them around & tighten the lug nuts back up.  REALLY???  A school kid can do that faster.This guy then brings my truck back up front and spends more time writting something on the paper then hands it to Ernie & walks away.  Ernie hands me the keys & tells me my vehicle is done.  I said really, can I have a print out of what was done.Ernie told me the tires were rotated, balanced and the alignment was checked....BUSTED!!!!I told Ernie, SORRY, all this guy did was take the tires off & rotate them, HE DID NOT DO A BALANCE ON THE TIRES, HE DID NOT CHECK THE ALIGNMENT, HE DIDN'T EVEN CHECK THE TIRE PRESSURE. Ernie's response was, "I'm sorry, I will have to have a talk with him, let me have your keys & we will get it done".  By this time, an HOUR LATER, the shop was busy & I told him no, I did not have any more time to wait.I DO NOT LIKE TO BE LIED TO!!!!  In Ernie's defense he did not lie, he stated what he thought his employee did.  As a Manager, you BETTER KNOW CONFIDENTLY that your employees are doing what you are telling your customer.  I had reservations about this place in the past & NOW I KNOW FOR SURE... I WILL NOT BE BACK THERE EVER!!!!!!  BOTTOM LINE PEOPLE:  IF YOU TAKE YOUR VEHICLE HERE, YOU BETTER MAKE SURE THE SERVICE YOU REQUESTED IS BEING PERFORMED, BECAUSE THE RED SHIRTS UP FRONT ARE NOT & APPARENTLY NO ONE IN THE GARAGE IS IN CHAGE OF MAKING SURE THE WORK REQUESTED IS BEING PERFORMED.....
1	I went here about a month after my husband moved here. I had a flat tire and decided that I need to get two of my tires replaced. Just a couple of months prior I had purchased 2 new tires for the same car. When I went in they looked up my car in the 'system' and told me that I would need 4 new tires even though I still had 2 brand new tire. I told them not this time. Later they called me and tried to tell me there was a ton of other issues with my car, none of which my old Big O told me about. When I said no to the extra repairs, I was told to pick up my car.The new tires were on the car and my car was in the lot. They did not put my spare back where it goes, they just threw it in the back. I have never had a shop do that before. It was as if they were not willing to do one thing extra if I was not going to do any extra repairs. Later, I took my car to my dad who owns a mechanic shop (not in Vegas) and showed he the estimate they gave me on everything they said was wrong with my car. He said none of those repairs were needed at all. Needless to say, I won't be back.
1	Another loyal customer lost!  Unless you want to throw your money away on over priced unnecessary "recommended" repairs RUN AWAY!  Charged me nearly $100 more than GoodYear quoted.
1	Only reason why I'm giving them 1 star is because they weren't busy which explains because of their horrible service. Went to this location because the one on Gibson was packed. When I walked in I told the guy I just came from the other location and when he looked that shop up on the system laughed and basically said they BS'd me. Way to throw your other store under the bus. On top of that it was an hour before I realized it wasn't busy and they were still not done with my oil change.I went and asked  how much longer it was going to be, and the guy said he was going to check. He then turned around and pulled my keys and a piece paper out of a plastic envelope and said "Oh, your car is actually done." Not only did they piss me off, but that will be my last time going to a Big o Tires!
5	New  management! Super happy! I've had a lot of bad experiences with mechanics.... Very pleased with how the new manager Steve is running the place. I felt like they were honest and gave me the services I ASKED for! Also beat the best prices I could find!
1	Lonnng wait! Was estimated to wait an hour and now still waiting, and it's been already been over two! An hour in, I followed up on the job, and they said they were still waiting for the parts from the dealer; which isn't too far from the shop. A heads up from the shop would've been nice, versus having me wait for hours on end. Disappointed. So it goes.
1	Beware of their service and lack of experienced mechanics on the weekends. A bad diagnosis of my vehicle proved to be very costly and could have compromised my family's safety. Brought in my vehicle for power steering evaluation. Came out instead with a new rack and pinion job.  Jeff, the weekend manager suggested that it was required. Interestingly enough, a job that runs over $1600. Needless to say, they botched the job and ended up causing a leak in our power steering. Jeff saw the leak and explained to us that it was from a little spillage when they were filling up the power steering fluid. Total BS. This dude sent us off on the road for our drive back home to LA and to no surprise,  the leak got worse and the steering tightened up. Fortunately, we made it home and the very next day found a local Big O Tires to reevaluate and fix the leak.    They contacted Steve, form Big O Tires in Henderson and he agreed to cover the job fix. That's the one positive I was able to take away from this. Steve, the store manager took the time to hear out my concerns and seems to be looking to turn things around. Only time will tell.
1	You never know what your going to get a this place... Nice peaple behind the desk..... But  idiots in the shop..... Got a oil change.. Got home  oil all over the frame and the oil cap was not screwed on... The next oil change the wrote on my sticker was wrong. And the kid doing the oil change just wanted to talk about my daughters rims.... Learn your job.... Or maybe go apply at big lots...ooooooo and by the way the said we need to replace the battery... It's a week old....  And they never checked it
4	I come here for Tires, its what they do right.  Nothing else.  I would not trust the to change the oi, while putting on new tires, I watched the other "mechanics" - not pretty.  Every time I come in for tires or service on my tires, its in, done and out with a smile and a handshake... I like that.
1	This place doesn't take credit/debit cards only cash, and that's fine but when the manager/desk guy after my truck was fixed asked me if I was going to give the tech guy a tip. This was rude and inappropriate, don't go to this place look for something else. Worse place in the world to take your cars/trucks to. Fuck them all!!
5	Amazing, I got my tire fixed for free!! Thanks for Jeff and his teams... Appreciate for you guys time to help fix one of my tire!!
4	I went here after a terrible experience at another store. It was a Sunday so I was worried as I figured they might be too busy to help me. Even with people in the shop, Chris helped me within 5 minutes. I needed 4 new tires and an oil change and he gave me various quotes for different quality of tires. When I asked about a brand they didn't have in, he called around and located them for me. Already a huge step-up from other places. He told me the exact time he 'd have the car ready and even let me know he might be 5-10 minutes behind when I check-up. He also discounted the oil change for me. On top of everything, whoever took my spare off and put in back in the trunk, did so with care and even tried to fix the mess a previous place had made of my tire cover. I will be using these guys again. Thanks Chris and the guys who helped out.-My only reason for not giving 5 stars is the added cost of installation. $20 is a little steep as I have heard of places who offer half that price, but honestly with the great customer service, it didn't put me off too much.
1	BEWARE!!!!  Talk about massive BS & lies, NEVER NEVER NEVER pay for an alignment as you will never get a true alignment from this place.  My truck has factory parts put on so you don't have to do an alignment and even though this place has supposedly done an alignment when I got tires and supposedly during rotation, and today I found out by a real mechanic that my truck has never had a true alignment done since I bought the truck new, because one those factory parts are taken off you cannot put them back on.  This place is running a scam with alignments.  Last time here the tech never balanced my tires or put it on the alignment rack even though the work order stated both needed to be done.  All I can say is good luck if you decide to have your vehicle serviced here.  They do a basic tow alignment but cannot or do not do a complete alignment, if they tell you they do they are not telling the truth, my truck is proof.
1	Went in for an oil change and tire rotation - came out with $1,500 damage done to my car - they put my car on the wrong lift and cracked the evaporation unit under the car! 20 minutes after leaving the shop I noticed my check engine light was on - I pulled over and the coolant was empty. Not sure what they actual did with my car while it was there. Heard they got a new manager, he was nice enough to refund the oil change, Now I have to negotiate with their insurance company on the damages! This shop has issues with their mechanics - don't take you car here!
5	Our electrical wiring got loose on our way in and out of Las Vegas, we stopped here to get it tightened.  The mechanic tightened it for no charge.
5	Excellent service!  I brought my truck in for tire repair and the wait was longer than expected so I had to leave. I brought in back a few days later and I was not charged for the repair because of the wait.
