4	buttertoast is adorable!  i got to check out the shop (located in the anti-space strip on mckinely) last first friday and i was astonished by how much great stuff they had in such a small space.  the clothes are awesome, vintage-tastic and surprisingly low priced for a boutique.
4	adorable, quaint boutique. you can tell a lot of effort goes into hand picking great vintage articles. I found a great ruffled blouse that I've gotten endless compliments on as well as a pair of vintage peep toed grey pumps. I plan to go back very soon. If you love vintage and want to find something different I recommend going to Butter Toast. Great local spot!
4	The prices are perfect and I love their selection. It's clear that a lot of love and attention goes into the store and it's collection. They're always very friendly and I love the customer service.
5	Really quality vintage clothing. I have so much of my wardrobe from this boutique. Great styles, good prices and you cant leave this place without wanting to buy a trunk filled with goods. Honestly, one of the top 3 vintage shops in town. Service is awesome, per usual. Traci and Jasmine are always willing to offer any help and throw the best community events for their shop. A+++
3	super-cute, cozy vintage boutique - stumbled upon during First Friday.like walking into the closet of a retro queen, Butter Toast has a little bit of everything. can find something for yourself and pick up a a few gift pieces. lot of care put into store layout/ambiance, very enjoyable to browse.
5	Great Customer Service - Nice collection of vintage clothes - takes me back to my child hood. It also has great prices! If you love vintage clothes that are trendy now, this is the place to go.
4	I went in here this past weekend and was thoroughly impressed. After coming across a coat in their Etsy (online) shop I took a stroll down to Butter Toast Boutique to see the coat in person. Unfortunately, it was too big so I didn't purchase it but I still had a look around. The prices are very low and the quality of everything I looked at was fantastic. The shop is one of those "house-turned-artsy boutique" shops which aren't uncommon in downtown and the surrounding districts. It's cute on the outside and setup nicely on the inside. Good tunes played while I browsed and the nice girl at the front on her iMac was more than happy to answer any questions I had.While I left empty handed, the low prices and great quality beckons my return. I'll be checking them out again.
5	When I walked in the door I was greeted by a beautiful young thing sitting behind a desk at the front of the store.My niece had sent me a flat Stanley and I was snooping around town looking for places to take him. My travels or I should say our travels brought me the Butter Toast Boutique. she was kind enough to acquiesce to a picture with Flat Stanley and he and I browsed around the store.Now that Valentine's Day has come and gone this advice will do none of you gentlemen any good until next year, but here we go. For you dimwits who went to 7/11 and bought a rose or maybe you would find her tastes whose gifts still bombed. If your counterpart was forgiving enough to keep you around till next year. I might suggest you go to Butter Toast Boutique and show her that you care little bit more next year than you did this year. have a lot of cool handmade jewelry, vintage clothes and the like. I have big love for all owner operated businesses. I love the personal touch, and you can definitely expect that here. Ladies don't wait and guys don't be a fool forever. But most of all people of Phoenix. Spend your money at businesses that are locally owned and operated because they spend their money here, and in time we will again have a vibrant economy.
5	Beautifully edited. There are only  Three "rooms" of clothing but I always leave with something.  Mostly vintage things. I got a floaty seventies black sundress, highwaisted wrangler denim shorts, and an eighties sailor jumper dress last time.  If you enjoy unique finds and don't want to dig, you'll love btb.  Mostly smaller sizes in shoes but I have found some eights and nines. Best shoes find were a pair of these loafer moccasin boat shoe heels in blue suade.
5	Amazing clothing and fantastic deals! As a photographer this is my first stop for designing shoots when I need amazing wardrobe items. The owners are really nice and friendly and very helpful.
5	This place is FABULOUS!!!  I have this new love and respect for vintage and consignment shops!  I love to go and see what I can find...I love how I can always find something beautiful and different and you would never be able to find it anywhere else!  My friend told me about this place and I could not wait to go!  I love the area its in and the girls that were in there were super sweet!  The prices are great and I look forward to going back!
5	I have never seen so many cute vintage peices in one place! I walked out with a wonderful purchase; a teal floral sheer dress. I have already worn it once! LOVE IT!I like that they alter the items to be more fashionable and that design interns work there - -I could of spent hours in this store!*Disappointed I just now saw the Yelp discount in store :(
5	AMAZING.  I would have literally bought every. single. item. in this lovely little store!  I walked out with way, way too many things (I seriously couldn't put things back), and I have received compliments on each piece I've worn.  I also love that this shop has vintage luggage, wall hangings, macrame plant holders, and more to buy!  The vintage clothes selection is very well curated, and they offer a pretty good sales rack.The person in charge while I was shopping was absolutely delightful, and she made me feel very comfortable!  I WISH this place were in my home town of New Orleans, and I will definitely be back next time I'm visiting Phoenix!
5	Cute and priced ok. Go there and support local business!
4	Attention to lovers of all things vintage and locally made: this store is your mother ship! Situated on 6th street (which is turning out to be a pretty lively retail scene), Butter Toast calls part of a historic house home. Rumor on the street is that another shop is about to open up next door to them as well! Butter Toast is just charming. It's unlike any other vintage store I've been into and mostly because of the thought and care that goes into the inventory. The owner is adorably eclectic and I only wish I could pull off her style. Her style reflects the style of the store and it's fun to browse through the racks of vintage clothes and shoes, bags, accessories, jewelry and more. Butter Toast houses a variety of both vintage and newly handmade products. However, everything has a very unique look to it and I guarantee you that you probably won't find a duplicate item anywhere else. I found gloves, scarves and hats that are locally made and reasonably priced. I found a pair of white mittens that made me wish it was cooler in Phoenix so I could wear them! I loved all of the adorable handmade jewelry that lines the counters and tables as well. This is really a great spot to find a gift for the picky little elves in your lives!
5	This is a vintage lovers dream house! Located on 6th street near GROWop, Butter Toast makes up half of a historic downtown Phoenix home. I heard another shop is opening up next door relatively soon.I lived for awhile in NYC and loved scouring the streets for vintage finds and hidden gems. This place competes with the best of them. The clothes are well organized and you don't feel like you are going dumpster diving to find that amazing wool cardigan with the sweet heart buttons or a vintage clutch that goes perfect with your LBD. Plus the shop owners hand pick everything in the story and don't buy anything they wouldn't wear themselves. For a tiny little shop there is plenty to choose from and lots of different styles and finds. I left the store with a London calendar tea towel, a cute expandable bracelet and a navy cardigan with gold stars stitched in and I only spent $60. Not too shabby. I can't wait to go back!
5	This hidden gem is located just across the street from my pad so short walk over and I am there.  I have only been over a few times and the shop is setup in an old historic home, the staff is super friendly, and the finds are many.  The clothes are cool and not overpriced like Buffalo Exchange.  Anytime you are looking for a few unique fun vintage/retro items to add into your wardrobe without breaking the bank hit up Butter Toast... You won't be disappointed and be sure to mention YELP for 20% discount!
5	LIke most vintage consignment stores, it's really a hit or miss with what you find. As for Butter Toast, you will find something nice at least 95% of the time you go. I love this store, with all the authentic vintage dresses, shoes, jewelry, and everything. They even have authentic lingerie here. I go at least twice a month to check for new inventory. The owner is sweet and quiet and lets you browse the store in peace (which I love). She is very knowledgeable about the inventory and conditions of the clothing and will help you with whatever questions you have. Mention Yelp and get 20% off your first purchase! :) Oh yeah, and the adorable cottage-style boutique and pretty lawn aren't a bad sight either.
2	Was included in the baby consignment listings when doing a search on yelp (app and mobile).I certainly do not consider 1 rack maybe 4-5 foot long of baby clothes a place I want to even bother going to in search of baby items (unless maybe I'm looking for vintage baby clothes). Also, way overpriced if you ask me. However, if you're looking for vintage clothes/shoes/etc... This is a decent place to start..kinda. Though when I was full on in my rockabilly phase, there were far better places to go in search of clothes (A Goodwill store being the first stop). On another note, the gal working when we went in the other day seemed more interested in playing with her phone than engaging us, her potential customers.
3	OH this shop makes me want to lose a hip or something just to fit into their clothing!!  I found not one thing in larger sizes, but my friend, who's a size 8, found LOTS of awesome vintage clothes...including, yes ladies and gentlemen, a 70s JUMPSUIT!  I am drooling and green with envy, but alas, I couldn't find anything.  Go here if you're thin (or just want to torture yourself by staring at all the awesome clothes that won't fit you unless you chop off some body part you probably need).
1	Soo just a heads up, this place is closed to the public... but that's not why I give it 1 star.I had a Groupon that expired a while ago (October 2011).  HOWEVER, Groupon Terms & Conditions states that all Groupons, past their promotional period, are good for the amount purchased.  In my case, I had purchased two $15 Groupons for a total of $30.  I walk into this place at about 2:30pm on a Tuesday and see a sign out front: "Closed to the Public.  Wholesale Only".  There were still a couple employees inside, so I walked in figuring they would let me redeem my voucher and move on with my life.... not the case.The girl behind the counter immediately tells me that they are closed.  I explained that I had an expired Groupon that I needed to redeem.  She responded that the Groupon expired in 2010 and they would no longer honor it.  After checking my Groupon app, I commented back that it actually expired in 10/2011 and I just wanted to grab my $30 worth of merchandise, which they had to honor.  She again said no, stating that the store was closed.  I asked if she could make an exception since the store was still standing, with employees and clothing in it.  "I told you I wouldn't make an exception" was her response.That was it.  RUDE customer service.  I would never go back to this place if it were still open, which is sad because they had some cute items!Best of luck with future endeavors (you're going to need it), read the terms & conditions before you put out a Groupon!!!!  Please excuse me while I call Groupon for my refund.... tata b&*^hes!!!
4	I really like their merchandise, it's very 70's-90's heavy, and extremely well picked.
