4	You know you've seen them as you drive by construction sites...it's the snack shack, the roach coach,  it's Ralph's Snack Bar!! Ok, so I was a little skeptical when HR sent out an email that Ralph's would start doing daily runs to my building, but I they gave me 2 free Ralph Bucks to spend and I couldn't resist, being the cheapskate that I am. Honestly, we were all waiting to see who ran to the toilet first, but everyone was fine and had really good things to say about the food.Can someone say yum! My food was awesome with the exception that it was a little salty for me. I got a rice pudding cup and the rolled taco special with rice and beans (it's only $3.50!) and it was really tasty! They also sell Mexican cokes (think the real sugar stuff - no corn syrup here) and all sorts of little snacky treats.Hit up my parking lot at lunchtime (40th St. & Broadway) if you ever need a Ralph's fix.
4	My new office by Deer Valley Airport and the food truck drove by for 3 days before I went in for a try.Pretty darn good.Had 2 steak tacos (street style) that were very good.  One chicken taco that was tasty, just not really my style.  Will try the pork next.They have several really great salsas.Will be eating here a lot!
5	food very good
3	The food is pretty good. Prices are pretty good. I generally order the Carne Asada Tacos (I love the red salsa, I could drink it) They are $1.50 each, and 2 is the perfect amount for me.  My only complaint is the guy that takes the money. Sometimes he just seems downright angry, and rude. He REALLY doesn't like you to take more than one salsa, I mean jeeeez man...Relax! I'll pay extra! The lady that makes the food is super sweet, and really fast!***I do have to mention that one time my friend did find a piece of metal in her taco, looked like a staple. That was gross... but apparently not gross enough for me to stop eating there. HA!
4	Ralph's truck runs by my office in north Scottsdale almost every afternoon. NOTHING can beat the the convenience factor, instead of spending 15 minutes fighting airpark traffic to buy a crappy burger, I just roll out to the back of my building and order some fresh tacos. The prices are pretty decent and the food quality is good (but look, it's still got a fast food element to it so we aren't talking gourmet but it's pretty decent!)The cook and the driver are SUPER NICE and always have a great attitude when I see them. If you see them driving around, flag them down for some yummies! :)
4	One of Ralph's trucks now stops by my office location in Tempe.  They have quality freshly made food for low prices!  Anything from breakfast sandwiches/burritos to lunch and drinks.  I'm impressed with how fast they can make the food.  They also accept credit cards for at $.50 fee.They are definitely a big hit at our office!
4	Good food. Ordered patty melt and fries. Loved the prices and being able to walk out to my yard.
1	Great service until today, they serve our dealership everyday and is usually great... Today the (new) lady driver saw that the 6 Washbay kids had food and, as I was walking up to order, started the truck and left. We have a whole sales force to feed.... Wasn't here for 5min. What's up with that?
