5	Two great attorneys. Marcus handled my case for me and without him the insurance company would have done nothing. It was a fight all the way and because he is so persistent and is willing to fight for his clients we win. So Thank You Moss Berg
5	As a local healthcare provider I have to say that it has been an extreme pleasure to work with the Moss Berg Firm.  They have got to be the most honest and ethical attorney's I have seen in my years of practice.  They both have taken a personal approach to my patients, taking time out to answer any questions and guide them through their personal injury experience.  I would have no qualms referring future clients to there firm.
5	My mother in law slipped and fell at a local Wal-Mart . After the doctors visit I had her go see Marcus Berg to see what can be done about her medical bills. Marcus was so knowledgeable and helpful. He always answered her questions when she called and was very patient with her. I appreciate the care and understanding Marcus took with her. If you want personal and professional service from an excellent lawyer it has to be Moss Berg.
5	I was referred to Marcus Berg by my Chiropractor Dr. Cade Smith at Active Body Chiropractic after a freak slip and fall accident at Terrible's Herbst gas station. After calling a previous law firm I was turned down. Realizing that slip and falls were hard to prove, Marcus was always upfront with me about everything, very professional, friendly, easy to talk to and returned all of my telephone calls and emails within a timely manner. He never told me anything I WANTED to hear regarding my case and the outcome but simply said what could or could not happen. He is officially my family's injury attorney should anyone in my family get injured or hurt. Thanks Marcus for everything and thanks for fighting for me! :)
5	After living in Las Vegas for one month I was unfortunately rear ended by a drunk driver. I was terrified as my infant child was in the vehicle with me. Luckily, we all walked off fine but having Marcus on my side made me feel that much more at ease and through every step he gave me peace of mind. I appreciate when someone can answer all my questions with patience. He was very professional and kind. I felt that he fought for my best interest and I will definitely refer my friends and family to him.
5	Boyd Moss and his team fought hard to get me the maximum amount of money after I was rear ended. He was always available to answer any questions I had, even on the weekends. Boyd and his team went above and beyond when it came to my case and for that, I am truly grateful. They were there with me every step of the way. I even called them when I had questions that related in a different manner and Boyd took time out his day to answer my questions. If you need an attorney, definitely call Boyd and his team!
5	This law office has earned an excellent reputation by word of mouth.  Don't trust someone based on a billboard next to a freeway, go with Mossberg!  I highly recommend this firm and have had two separate cases to base my opinion off of.  I have ALWAYS received prompt return calls and immediate answers to all of my questions.  The staff is very knowledgeable and down to earth.  I have felt that I was in safe hands from day one and will from now on knowing that I have Boyd Moss on my side.
