5	I was recently in Scottsdale on vacation and my sister suggested a spa day.  She had heard good things about The Beauty Scene so we gave it a try. I treated myself to a facial with Logan and I'm SO glad that I did. It was 50 minutes of pure heaven. In addition to being so nice and making me feel welcome and relaxed, Logan was also very knowledgeable and helpful with all the questions I had about the treatment. I wanted to take her home with me so that she could give me weekly facials! Such a great overall experience, I highly recommend.
5	This sweet little spa tucked in a small corner of a shopping center is charming. I received literally THE best massage I've ever had. Not only is the front desk staff friendly and knowledgable but the therapist I had renewed my faith in the industry. I made an appointment to go back for a facial and booked another massage. I live in Downtown Phoenix but The Beauty Scene is definitely worth the 45 minute drive to North Scottsdale. If you want an amazing deals on spa services and a talented staff to assist you, this is your place!
4	What originally brought me to this place was an AZ Spa Girl event. The event was fun with mini services and food and I bought a special they had to try Crybaby eyelash treatment for half price. My friend and I returned the other day to get our Crybaby applied. This is a temporary mascara that lasts for 2-3 weeks. According to The Beauty Scene it is a local product and I love to support local!The treatment itself was nice. They lay you in on a vibrating pod bed which is pretty relaxing. The Crybaby itself is ok. I probably wouldn't do it again at full price but it was fun to try. It's nice to cut a step out of your beauty routine each day. Most people will still touch up with regular mascara though. I have been since a couple spots were missed on the application. I really appreciated the complimentary eyebrow wax that Janel gave me but I was really shocked she didn't ask my permission first.... What if I didn't want them waxed or if I was growing them out? It would have been too late because it was already on my face. My overall impression was everyone there was very friendly and helpful. The service was enjoyable even though I don't think the product is for me. The bonus wax was super nice but hopefully they ask before wax is on the skin next time, just in case.
3	I bought a Facial + 50min Massage Groupon ($79) for the Beauty Scene and redeemed my voucher this past weekend. I always read Yelp reviews before buying massage/facial Groupons just to make sure my purchase will be worth it and after reading these reviews, I thought it would be totally worth dishing out the $79 + tip. Well I'm here to tell you it was ok.Upon arrival, it did seem like it was going to be a super great experience; it is located in a nice plaza up in the Greyhawk area. The lobby was really nice and the staff was friendly. First I had to fill out the standard new client paperwork and then I was greeted by my massage therapist. It was a really relaxing massage, but the pressure was more on the lighter side. (Interesting: I put 'medium pressure' on the paperwork up front, it made me wonder if I should have put hard?) The massages also come with a foot scrub and that was awesome. She did, however, use oil and not lotion during the massage, so afterwards my hair looked like it was wet - something to keep in mind if you are looking to run errands afterwards. Next I had my facial. I had to wait in the little hallway for about 2minutes while the person getting a facial before me changed clothes, came out, and then they had to put new sheets on the bed. Kind of awkward but it was fine. The facial was ok, I have definitely had better. They didn't use a Clarisonic and I feel like they don't have as many products as other salons do. (Interesting: on the last step of the facial she said "and here's some sunscreen" as she was putting it on my face. It made me wonder back to the paperwork, on the question "do you usually wear sunscreen?" I circled yes, but that doesn't mean that I want a layer of that on my face at the end of my facial).Overall, it was a nice relaxing experience but not my favorite.
4	Sweet little spa. Great massage and great customer service from the massage therapist.
