4	I've never been one to not use the dealership service venter for anything including oil changes. I pay them around 100 for my oil change when I want to use good oil, and I wait 1-2 hours. A friend suggested jiffy lube and despite my usual habit, I need to save a few bucks so I gave in and went to this jiffy lube near my place. It's a small facility with only 3 bays, one used for smogs. The waiting area is small, too, bit I love the professional cushiony seats. The dealer doesn't have those! When I came hey asked me what service I needed, opened my car door for me and took care of driving my car in. Frank helped me check in and assisted me in choosing what oil grade I wanted. I always want the best, so instead of the standard 30 dollar oil I went for their most expensive full synthetic for 70. They offered to wipe my windows and vaccum my car but I refused even though it's free. I'm glad that they asked instead of just doing it. I sat down assuming I'd wait 1-2 hours. About 15 minutes later frank came in and said I was good to go. I was stunned. Not only were fey slightly cheaper but they are SUPER fast! Now I'm a guaranteed customer. I know that the price I paid seems like a lot for any oil place cause Some boast 20 dollar change, but are they using premium oils and filters? Do they give you options and offer to clean your car? I don't think so. I was very pleased. For excellent service, nice guys and fast service I suggest jiffy lube. My husband works for one and even with his discounts I refused to go because I have a stereotype in my head for places like this, but inwas dead wrong. I'm going to save myself be drive and the money now by going here.
5	I went to Jiffy Lube for my annual smog check since I had a $5 coupon. I had contemplated going to a different auto shop because their smog was only $10 but since Jiffy was closer and I had the discount, I decided to take my car their instead. At first, it was a little intimidating to drive up and see three mechanics just standing there talking since they had no cars but I was greeted right away and they said that all we had to do was wait inside and they will take care of it. Inside their office they had nice leather office chairs and it helped that they were playing the new Harry Potter on their TV (which I am a huge fan). Literally five minutes later, I saw my car drive around and they were finished. My Smog was $14.99. Great service. Great price. They do offer registration for $10 but I just took it home and registered myself. Just FYI though.
4	Incredibly fast service and friendly staff! Did a smog check for $19.99
4	great service at this location. All staff is very professional, friendly and positive. went for a smog and was in and out within five minutes. i have absolutely nothing negative to say about this place. and its SO convenient considering theres a DMV kiosk in the albertsons right across the street. highly recommended!
2	Must be a new manager. Gives you the hard sell on things that you don't need then looks disgusted when you decline. I paid for my coolant to be topped off and the service was to shoot some water from their hose into my radiator. I'm not Jiffy Lube  Certified, but I can do that for free. One good thing I can say is that the service was quick.I have some advice to the lube shops of Vegas: Just change my oil. I do not want nitrogen in my tires, I don't want your "technicians" to have anything to do with my transmission or cooling system or my brakes. You may vacuum the floor, but don't bitch about my sons goldfish crackers that have been ground into the carpet. If anyone knows of a shop like this please let me know.
1	The up sell was terrible the guy starting telling me what I needed and I told him what I wanted and he was not happy.
5	Quick, efficient and friendly!
5	Being a girl, we are always afraid of "getting taken".  I go to Jiffy Lube because they are quick, dependable and I can bring my dog and I know they do the job I need.My only complaint is they did not change my sticker in my front window to remind meto get an oil change.  As I said, I'm a girl......,.
5	Great service!Even vacuum'd up my crumbs!  ;)
5	Came here to get an oil change and had no problems. They were friendly, fast, and the manager even gave me a discount. Will be back--
3	They did a solid job.  Told me the price before performing any service.  Reset the maintenance notification properly.  I needed a special synthetic which cost more.  They didn't try and sell me anything, probably because it is a newer vehicle.
1	I choose the regular oil change service for $24.99. This included oil, oil filter, top off fluids, check tire pressure and clean front windshield. The premium service is $34.99 and includes everything mentioned but will also add washing all windows, visual inspection of brakes and vacuum the interior. In addition to my $24.99 service I had my coolant topped off for another twenty cents.  The reason why I gave one star is because I was charged the premium price but got the regular service. This could have been just a mistake but according to the service checklist on my receipt they did charge me for premium services. So I inspected under the hood and noticed they didn't top off the coolant, which was an extra charge, didn't fill the radiator overflow, didn't wash any of the windows and didn't vacuum. I even had to check to see if there was fresh oil in the engine. According to my receipt all these services were completed and checked off.  If you're looking for a professional shop to work on your car I suggest you take it to another place.
5	**Only for their Smog Check Services**I have been to this Jiffy Lube twice for a smog check.  The first time last year so I could register my car here in Nevada for the first time and again this year to re-new my registration.  Both times they were able to start work on my car immediately and I was in and out in 10-15 minutes.  I felt like their prices were reasonable, my Smog Check was $19.99.  All of the workers are supper nice and everything seemed clean and orderly.  When I have to get another smog check I will be back again.  A nice perk of this location for those who want to avoid long DMV lines, there is a DMV Kiosk across the street at the neighboring Albertsons. Keep all your cars healthy and happy everyone :D
1	Horrible customer service! Waited at the front desk for 30 mins no one came and asked me if I needed anything or if I was already being assisted. Never come here EVER again.
4	My friend and I took her car here for an oil change while my car was being repaired elsewhere.I was pleased with our experience here.  We were welcomed in right away into a comfortable lobby where water and coffee was waiting.  While they were busy they were still able to provide timely service.  When it was discovered that some additional work was needed on my friend's car she was seen right away, given pricing and the job was done quickly.I am sure she will take her car her again and I would recommend that the good people of Las Vegas take their business here too.
5	Super fast service, friendly and informative staff and my car feels like brand new! They even hooked me up with a money saving gas card. I will definitely come back to this location.
5	Amazing staff and customer service. Took care of us and more. Would strongly recommend!
1	This was a 5 star review but Steve told me to be here next day at 9am to get my tires replaced. I get here 10 minutes early and they tell me I'll have to wait till at least 11am My family and I have plans and now we cAnt meet out friends at the water park. So now my kids are sad.
5	Been here a few times early morning and late afternoon for oil changes and fix a flat, every time greeted a soon as I step out my truck always fast and friendly service and never pushy with "extra" service they'll recommend but won't foce it. Also had my smog done here pretty convenient scince the Albertsons right across the street that has a dmv keyosk
1	Well went here as I usually do...and it started off basic, get the high mileage oil blah blah blah. Then I'm told my drain plug is "funky" and will be replaced free of charge, didn't know they keep those on hand. Anyway here I am several hours later trying to figure out why my truck is LEAKING OIL.  Never did before and now all of a sudden I have oil on my driveway after coming here. I'm willing to bet they stripped my plug and they were trying to cover their ass.  Not happy at all and will be contacting corporate but from what I have read online I shouldn't expect a very good outcome. I would avoid at all costs!!!
4	I've been coming to this Jiffy Lube for years, through many cars and many services. Every time I've come it has always been quick and affordable. While of course they suggest the upsells I have never felt pressure from any employee. They always make sure I know what offers are available and help me to get the best deal possible. But my favorite thing about this location in particular is that I have never felt talked down too, they are always willing to answer my questions and help with the little things like putting air in my tires when they need it. I will continue to be a loyal customer.
