2	Publix is off to a bad start in York County.  They obviously have not dome enough research for the Charlotte area market.  First, the York County store is charging sales tax on food items which is illegal.  They are only refunding the money to customers who request it at customer service.  Second, they only double coupons up to 5o cents; Harris Teeter and Bi-lo do up to 99 cents in the Charlotte market.  Third, their prices are just as high as HT with fewer specials.  You can have all the clean stores and customer service you want, but people go for price which is Wal-mart sells more groceries than HT in the area.  Many people say the Publix stores are clean.  Well duh, not only are the stores new but they are brand new buildings.  That is like saying a brand new house or car is clean.  Publix needs to bring it a little more if they want  to succeed in Charlotte.  So far, they remind me of Lowe's Foods and look how they did in the area.
1	We shop atmost all stores to find the best prices, a friend of mine drove down fromNewton and we came all the way down from Charlotte to see what all the mediablitz was about, expecting great things.Let me tellyou it was a waste of time and gas, on many items they had higher prices thenmy local Food Lion, Sadly we were not impressed at all the store was clean theemployees were great but the prices in a region where the gas prices are lowerthen in Charlotte by at least $.30 per gallon, I was shocked the prices were sohigh.The allnatural mint soap we got, not so all natural more glycerin then mint.The publixdog biscuits not such a hit with the pups.The whiteseedless grapes were awesome.Watchingwhat I spent still spent $18  and onlyleft with  2 bags, not the kind of bargainI am used to.I seriouslydoubt I will ever go back, they really need to step up their game with thesehigh prices, this was a total waste of time.Read more here: http://www.heraldonline.com/2012/10/23/4358954/publix-offers-preview-of-fort.html#storylink=cpy
4	Having previously shopped at Publix in ATL and MIA on numerous occasions, I am very happy to now have a store less than 3 miles from my house.Since I am a "cherry-picker" type of shopper, I find their prices (sale and everyday) to be comparable to Harris Teeter, Lowes, Earth Fare, Whole Foods, and some Trader Joe items.  And, I try to spread the wealth around, so I shop them all!  I go to my aforementioned upscale grocery stores for certain specific items, and to Wal-Mart, Food Lion, Bi-Lo, Target, the warehouse clubs and, yes, even Compare Foods for certain other items.  The staff and management at this Publix are informed and on the ball, the store is well stocked with uncommon gourmet items, and their bakery goods are phenomenal. Publix is tied with Costco, in my book, for having some of the best store-bought pastries I've tasted.  I certainly wouldn't hesitate to place an order here, for any occasion, if I find I'm unable to bake it homemade.The opening of Whole Foods in South Park saves me a drive to Greenville (not just to shop @ WF, of course).  Now, the Fort Mill Publix saves me a drive to ATL (but I still go for other good shopping & dining reasons).  However, thanks to their Teeter buy-out, in anticipation of Publix's arrival, it's a pity that I now have to drive to Gastonia or Harrisburg for Lowes... And, I still pray for the miracle of getting a Kroger in NC... Oh well, guess you can't have it all!! Welcome Publix, I love the store, I've had nothing less than high-quality shopping experiences, and I'm sooooo glad you're here... FINALLY!!
4	It was nice new and clean. I got something from the deli and the bakery.
5	The store is awesome! Also, they have samples! It's awesome!
5	Sign #1 that I am getting older.  I have a favorite grocery store.  Yes...I have shopped many...Randall's, HEB, Super Wal-Mart & Target, Harris Teeter, Food Lion, Bloom (RIP), Bi-Lo, Fiesta, Safeway, Giant, Whole Foods, Central Market, Trader Joes, Sunflower.  The list keeps going.  All make me pine for Publix.  Now we in the Charlotte area have a NEW, BIG, BEAUTIFUL Publix to enjoy.  For those not familiar with the beauty of Publix let me wow you:1. Double Coupons up to 50 cents everyday.2. Free help to your car with your bags...they will never take tips.  3. Amazing deli sandwiches and Bakery.  Seriously...ahhhmahhhzing.4. Best selection of delicious store made sides ever.  Try the southern potato salad.  Better than my mom's....almost.5. Seafood department to rival the coast.6. A store that you enjoy being in- No flies, not sticky spots on the floor, no burned out lights, no broken carts.  7. FRIENDLY PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I know that they are not as cheap as Wal-Mart but they also seem to care about the people who shop at their store and the people who work there.  I live 25 miles away and have already been twice.  Harris Teeter has really let their stores go and now with Whole Foods and Publix moving in I hope that they step up their game.  Can't wait for them to take over Charlotte.  May the best store win!
1	the meats and fish are fresh good BUT the FRUITS are very old..i buy oranges in the box and water melon when i get home so excited of water melon but when i open the water melon very disappointed we cannot eat the water melon is very old so do the orange..you need to check the fruits before selling it!
1	We will never go back, all their meats are overpriced and low quality.  We received rotting lamb (sell by date was 8 days out and was $1.49 more per lb than Harris Teeter), ground beef that was super dark brown on the inside, chicken was really chewy, Walmart quality.  We also asked the butcher to cut 5 2.5" thick bone in t-bone style pork chops, first she came back with the wrong cut of meat, second attempt she came back with a 1.25" cut, we handed it back to them and went to Harris Teeter.
5	always love publix! best grocery store ever!
5	They have Hoffman Franks.  That's enough for 5 stars. I'm from Syracuse and we will do anything for Hoffman's franks. Thank you, Publix, for bringing them south!
5	I love Publix and as a native Charlottean it is very new to me and I'm so glad it's breaking into our market. The best of all possible scenarios - excellent produce, meats, bakery (mmm!) cheeses, etc. at very reasonable prices. Their store brands are also good. The service is impeccable, store is very clean and you don't have to have a fricken customer loyalty card to get the specials, they don't even have one. Oh, the deli and sandwiches, fresh prepared foods are also good. This is a very new store so as long as they keep it up, we're golden! Yaay Publix!
5	Wow. Yes this store has great produce and selection, but that's just the beginning. On multiple occasions they have gone above and beyond what anyone would expect for our local community. Every time I have gone in to ask for a donation for the Fort Mill high school band they have helped us more than we could ever expect. Their manager Ken truly understands what it means to give back to the community. Thank you Publix thank you so much!
5	I love Publix. Having lived in South Florida for a decade, they were the "go to" shopping experience. Friendly service, great selection, reasonable prices. And now they've come to the Greater Charlotte area, bringing their excellent products with them.Here's something different. They don't have the usual cart corrals out in the parking area that annoyingly take up an otherwise perfect parking spot. They've put the corral into the concrete with a single lane. It's not as large as the ones you'll find at Wal-Mart or Bi-Lo or Teeter, but I think it's classier.This store, as they all do, has a superior produce section and their frozen aisles seem to go on for miles and miles.
4	I'm overall happy with Publix. Loved their bakeries and crazy about their subs. I get excited when I see their selections in their veggies section.. So much option and very fresh.. The butchers are great and a few seafood options. I do notice their prices are higher than Bi Lo.. I don't really shop at Harris Teeter so I can't say if they are higher or lower. The downsize is they don't have store value card, point cards etc.. I hope they have something else that can help us save more. Meanwhile since my favorite Bi Lo is closing. I switch between Super Target and Publix.
5	I was visiting friends in the area last weekend and wanted to get a dessert to go with dinner, so my friend brought me to Publix. I've heard of it, but being from the Northeast I was never able to go to one. After seeing that bakery and literally having my friend say "that's enough sweets!" I think its a good thing they don't have them here!The selection was fantastic, not just in the bakery but in the entire store and the prices were fantastic as well. Customer service was excellent, maybe its the South, but everyone was so friendly. I didn't check out very much of the grocery section, but the store itself was neat and clean, well stocked and another reason for me to want to move to the South! that and the pecan coconut cookies I bought in the bakery that I'm not sure I can ever re-create, but I'm planning on trying!!
5	Ohhhh since moving to Charlotte I so miss a good grocery store.A friend had looked up publix and told me this one was just south of my location.These stores have EVERYTHING you need. The prices are fairer than what I am finding in Charlotte the city. So for me it is wort the drive to SC to get my groceries.For the guy that is having a hard time eating they have pre-made meals, hot meals to go ad even an area were you can by all the pieces to the meal of the day. So for me it works.When they build the store here in Charlotte they are going to pretty much do in some of the other locals.
4	Above average supermarket. I really do miss Wegmans but now that I live in Charlotte, I have to find a new go to supermarket. Their fresh seafood leaves something to be desired as none of the fish looked all that good. Other then that its a pretty solid supermarket with good prices.
5	I know it's only a grocery store, but it's so much more. When we weighed the pros and cons of moving from Miami to Charlotte, we didn't consider that we would no longer have a Publix to shop at. Big mistake. We were surprised to see the lack of customer service at the Harris teeter stores, and their strange practices. How do you open a store at 7 AM , but not open your deli until 9? But I've already reviewed ht, this is about Publix. A bakery that actually bakes. Need something special? No problem. Love the deli subs, on fresh baked bread. The meat department has trained butchers, willing to cut anything you want. Service service service. No store like it!
5	It's hard to say PUBLIX is just a grocery store. They have more than this!  I can buy some cooked asian food everyday anytime at their self served food court section. I can try the different appetizers and fresh fruits just right after I enter into store. I can have a seat to talk about my family incoming  gathering with their event planning employees. I can order a certain portion of different meats from their meat dept, and pick them up in 2 days.  And their is a employee who always wants to talk and walks me to the parking lot with all my stuffs.  I come to publix not only because of their high quality stuffs, but services. I can always get the things I want.  They will order for me if they don't have it.
5	I must give kudos to Jules in the cheese department.  Jules took the time to discuss what else was being served, what goes with what, added her personal touch and went above and beyond our expectations.  She and everyone in the department created a magnificent selection of cheeses for a cocktail party.  The trays were beautifully set, looked almost too good to eat.  Everyone was as over-the-moon you can get over cheese. I wish every Publix had a Jules in their store.  This is not the first time my first choice was a Publix for a party and it surely will not be the last.
