5	Why would I even review my gas company? I'll tell you why...I'm a simpleton when it comes to anything around the house...gas fireplaces are probably the last thing you would even want me to operate. Thankfully I got married and have a husband who can deal with these things. So what happens when the husband is out of town? I turn on the fireplace (as well as 90 candles around the house) and settle myself to a Psych watching marathon. Suddenly, the glowing fireplace goes off. Just like that...and it doesn't turn back on. I tried multiple times for 2 days and then I resigned myself to waiting for my husband's flight home. Now, it's a Sunday afternoon and I am lazing around on my couch. I'm talking to my husband over the phone and tell him about the fireplace. He freaks out (he has good reason to because of history) that I am going to blow the house up. To appease his worrying mind, I call Southwest Gas. Mind you, this is Sunday afternoon. Scott...the wonderful gas technician comes over and is nice enough to wear booties after I told him we don't wear shoes in the house. This may not seem like a big deal, but there are some service people that make a big deal and show a long face when we ask them to take off their shoes/use booties. We keep a box of booties at home and offer them a pair and still...they moan and groan. Scott was a perfect gentleman about it. He quickly and correctly surmised that I was an imbecile when it came to the gas fireplace. He checked it out, OKed that the house wasn't going to blow up and even messed around with the settings to figure out what was going wrong with it. He gave me some suggestions on how to fix the problem ($2 Home Depot suggestions so I'm happy) and was even telling me that the fireplace had too many rocks in it and pointed to me which ones to remove. Oh, he even walked me through how to remove the screen so I could clean the fireplace. I like Southwest Gas. They are responsive, courteous, have great phone etiquette and Scott their service guy was just top notch! Also, it doesn't hurt that our bills haven't been that crazy on the gas front too!
1	I wish there were multiple options with gas because this company is incredibly frustrating.  I just moved here and all the other utilities are up and running.  However SW Gas has made the installation process worse than any other utility provider.  First they need me to fax a copy of my lease and ID.  No other company required this and the order was fulfilled with one phone call. Second they can't ever find the fax once it's sent.  I just called in to follow up for the 4th time and they said the department is at lunch so I have to call back. Most Utility departments never close between 9-5 but this one does.  They all go to lunch at the same time. Very un-professional of them especially when most people can only call at lunch. On top of that the rep I just spoke to was apathetic and completely un-helpful. 1st installation date is missed and the house is cold. This company is horrible and there is nothing I can do about it except write this review.
1	They make your payment choices so difficult. They gave me little to no notice that My payment hadn't been received but It was brought to my attention when I tried to prep food for dinner and the pilot was out. They turned off my gas before 4th of July even though I made many attempts to pay. They they did that knowing that they wouldn't have been available to turn it back on before the following Monday. If there was any possible way of getting around from needing there services I would. Have a Happy Air Force Day
1	You process my payment. The only thing it says online is payment processed, not returned.I keep calling and trying to fix the issue.You don't inform me until 3 months later that you don't take CCCU savings accounts.You block me from paying my bill.Now you charge me late fees because you won't let me pay online...And you put me on a permanent block, while charging me fees.Shame on you southwest gas. This is not good customer service. This is unacceptable.
1	5 days no gas just moved into my new place and they said there blacked out and I have to wait 5 days for gas very unprofessional of this gas company I could find the dam gas Maine myself within 5 and turn on the gas on my dam self
1	I have been without gas for 5 days!!! And when I called they said they were blacked out and there is nothing they can do!!!! What the heck!!! Hire more technicians because that is very unprofessional!!!! Having hot water an a stove an oven that work is a necessity an you people dont care about your customers! This is ridiculous!!!!!!
1	Moved into a new spot and had requested gas to be turned on same day. They don't give you any window as to what time they may show up, they just say it's an all day appointment, so I took the day off work. Since I was in the process of moving, I was not at the house that needed service when the technician called to tell me he was on the way. I told him I would be right there, and jumped in my car and drove over to my new spot. I made it within 10 minutes, but the tech was already gone and there was an orange flyer on the door saying "sorry we missed you." I hurriedly called them back thinking maybe if the guy was still close he could come back, but no that was not the case. I ended up talking to some rude lady named Jen, who told me that the technicians don't wait AT ALL for you to get there, and they can't come back out today because they are busy, and the earliest they could come back is Tuesday! I understand they are busy but how can you just leave someone with no hot water or heat for days in the winter? Not to mention they don't work on weekends. How are people with jobs supposed to just sit home all day during the week waiting for them to show up?  I am mostly upset with the RUDE customer service people I had the displeasure of talking to. They showed no sympathy to my situation and did not offer any kind of apology. Unfortunately I can't go with any other company, since there are no others! UPDATE: Got my gas turned on 5 days later, at 6:30pm. My boyfriend took off work and waited the whole damn day and they didn't come until 6:30. He might has well have went to work! This company sucks, but at least I can take a hot shower now!
1	Wow, I have no idea why this is still in business! How do you feel when you listened to their voice message when you called in (702-876-7011)? There is straight forward Rudeness in every sentence they say, and for every choice you make! They definitely hate each of us who call them and offer them our business! Next, their information on Yelp is outdated. The location on the south side is not there, and even the phone number number has been changed, without being provided any clue what number to call. I googled and got the above number. But what if it's someone at my granny's age, who doesn't know how to use Google??! Why would a business not keep their business number when they move? It could only because they don't care to make things convenient for its customers and clients, and they know, you have no other choices but them, therefore they can doHowever they feel like to. And, as a gas/ service company, they have way too many days off or black out!Usually, services like restaurants, gasoline stations, groceries, TV, internet.., they understand that their customers need services all day long, so they stay open/ stand by; and since the customers need to make money to pay for the services, the services are appreciative, and make things convenient to customers.But the SW Gas? Obviously they don't need to be appreciative to anybody, because basically they have no competitors, so they can mistreat their customers ---- that's basically each one of us civilians.This amazes me. However NV Energy, another service provide who doesn't have much competitors either (solar power is only in very families and it can't replace electricity yet), they do a great job: I called in, and I got my service right away. But for SW Gas? They require so many things for no necessary reason (if I can provide my info on phone and turn on my power, I should be able to do the same for gas, isn't it?), you have to go to their office in those days and hours when you need to work. Today is Friday Dec 26, they don't work. What kind of service providing company is this? For this case, it most probably mean, someone will have another week (or more, cus they are too busy and too unpredictable) no showering, no cooking, and no heat....I am speechless. Folks, please just call the phone number above, listen to their verbiage on voice message, then you'll know exactly what I mean. This is the wrong attitude to treat customers. Since they are the sole provider of gas, and they name their price, they should have enough people to cover services 24/7! Especially, this is Las Vegas! People need 24/7 services. Even the Las Vegas Community College offers many many evening and night classes for people ---- what's your excuses SW Gas?! Why is it that difficult to provide people with quality gas services? I think all of us who live in the Valley should file complaints to BBB, this is not the way we and our families deserve to be treated. Another reason I think why they treat us so poorly, is because they have programs to help low income people to pay for their gas bills. First of all, if they can find grants to help with less fortunate people, great! But they still get paid, right? They didn't provide their services for free, not even for those less fortunates. And most of us who fortunately hold a job or two, pay our bills, and thus we deserve to be treated with services and respect. Remember who pays for your pay checks and expenses, SW Gas! It is the millions of hard working people in the Valley! Let's all listen to their attitude on the phone recording, and tell BBB what we feel!
1	seriously the worst customer service. I thought time warner was bad, but apparently not. We moved from california drove to las vegas and have told the gas company about the situation and have told our apartment manager they will be coming. We waited til 5pm and still noone came so I called them and was told they came earlier and our manager did not let them into our apartment because we weren't here and next available time was in a week. The next day I talked to our manager and was told that southwest gas never came. We've been without gas for a week now in the cold. No hot water, no heat in the apartment, no stove. It is ridiculously cold. I called SW gas back to let them know about the situation and the lady was very rude, and did not care to do anything about it. They finally came a week later and the man told us that we have to give a piece of paper of instructions to our maintenance guy and he could not do the job, so a week later we still have no hot water and heat, he only turned on the stove. He definitely did not care about attending the situation. Horrible horrible customer service all around. The only reason we are with SWgas is because it's the only company vegas has to offer for gas.
