4	Everyone's been to a Water & Ice franchise and there's not much to it. Jugs, water, candy, ice cream, shaved ice. Maybe a cart.What makes the place freaking awesome is the Indian couple who run it. I've never seen them there together, but one or the other is always there. The woman is very friendly but not all that chatty. The man, however (I want to say he introduced himself as Max, but I'm terrible with names and since my brain had reserved a space for a more Indian-like name, it rejected Max.) is ultra cool and will converse seemingly indefinitely about any number of topics. He loves to talk about the contrasts between India and America, that much is certain. For example, he corrected my belief that people from disparate areas in India speak only English to each other. Only true in business and academia--else, it's Hindi.I don't really mind. It turns the normally boring task of "getting water", something I'd never imagined when I lived in Michigan, into a potentially enlightening experience.Oh... $3 minimum charge when using a debit card.
4	I've been coming to this little store since I was in elementary school for their shaved ice (and at a younger age, their candy selection). So I guess it's nostalgia that keeps me coming back. That, and the wall of flavored syrups you can marvel at before choosing 1-2 for your shaved ice. A bit of advice: just stick to one flavor. Though 2 flavors is nice at first, in the end they just mix together and all you can taste is sugar.
5	How can anyone NOT like clean water for 30 cents a gallon?!
1	Dropped by today to go get a drink. I've had iffy experiences here before, but I decided to go anyway. I walked in with a buddy of mine. He got some candy, and I asked how much it was for a can of Coke. The owner yelled at me and said, "You come here all the time for 3 years and never buy anything!" The thing is, I would come here about 2 times a week to buy a drink. This man has no right to say that I never buy anything from there. I was shocked. I never knew someone could ever be so rude running a business. I asked him again, how much was a can of a Coke. He tells me that it was $.75 cents. WHAT? $.75 no big deal, but its thr fact that he LIED to me that got me mad. Every time I came here, they were always $.50, so how come it randomly got marked up to $.75?? Usually I wouldn't mind paying an extra $.25. But the fact that the owner lied to me and yelled at me really for no reason, I doubt I'll ever be coming back again.Terrible customer service, so, so rude. Too bad there isn't 0 stars.
5	I really enjoy this Water and Ice location. The people are always very personable here, are eager to help, and always seem to be in a good mood. There is also a good selection of things here. You can get your normal water and ice stuff, but in addition they have great ice cream, shaved ice, and a ton of treats. I take my family there every once in a while just to get a scoop if I've cream and hang out. I definitely recommend them.
5	Great service! owner/operator. The place is always open. Great prices and good verity if you like candy, ice cream and shave ice. Who doesn't ? This place is the kind of store memories are made in. It's been there for 20 years and generation have enjoy their good and simple treats  they serve.
