3	Went here for our two free tacos the other Tuesday. The place is clean, the service was as can be expected. I hate how all fast food places seem to give priority to the drive through. Tacos were actually good! I haven't had Jack In the Box Tacos since my college drinking days when they were a 2:30 am staple.
4	Was going to a different fast food place, but was enticed to come here after seeing a few signs out front promising a cheap combo meal. These days, seeing deals that offer a full meal with a drink will help me to decide where to spend my money. I was able to get an All-American Jack double burger with cheese, medium fries and a medium drinks for about $6. That's a lot of food for $6. The service was ready before I was ready to order thankfully. The order did take a few minutes to arrive, but I was just happy it was all hot.
4	Yea its a review for a Jack In the Box. Why!? I always loved Jack In the Box as a kid but then they shut down. So I might be making up for lost time because I'm always going to a Jack In the Box when everything else is closed or when I just want a quick bite without the hassle.I like this location, convenient and clean, friendly service with good late night conversations, good easy listening jams playing when dining in.$1 any size drinks, jumbo jack, and fries always does the spot for me.
5	First off, yes, I am giving this Jack in the Box 5 stars under ONE condition.. If a gentleman named Kevin is working. He is the epitome of an all around great employee who knows how to carry himself, showing a great representation of the establishment. So my boyfriend and I pull up to the Jack in the Box that actually looked pretty busy. Mind you, it's 3 AM in the morning. As soon as we pull up to the intercom, we get greeted by this really nice guy. Professional, friendly and clearly the perfect man to be working a night shift. I can't tell you how many people we've run into that work grave shift who are completely unhappy to be there....and show it. He's totally an easy going mood, making small talk as we wait for our food. We get our food & drive away thinking "man, that guy was good."Unfortunately, there was a confusion with our order. We show back up to the place & Kevin greeted us with the same Welcoming smile that he had our whole experience. He was completely understanding and accommodating about the whole issue and I've honestly never encountered someone with such poise..working at an establishment such as this. Regardless of the reason, this place is lucky to have him and I would make a trip back here, just to say hello to him!
2	I don't normally leave reviews for "fast" food, but this Jack and the Box has really went downhill. Very slow and expect to wait 10-15 minutes if using the drive-thru.
4	Fast service, and my egg and sausage croissant was delish!
4	I love breakfast all day. Get xtra mayo on the Supreme!
1	Went there to go grab the jacks munchies meal one late night, ordered & the drive thru. When i got home i was disappointed.. Soda was just carbonated water.. Suppose to be raspberry iced tea, the deal i got was combination curly fries and reg. fries.. I only got One.. Yes 1 curly fry.. Just horrible and what a waste of money...
3	This use to be the friendliest most efficient fast food spot, hands down. Lately though the typical "I don't wanna be here" employee has been working. Use to be a stand out amongst fast food chains. Hope they get better soon.
2	Ordered 2 Tacos earlier at the drive thru the crazy thing, it wasn't even busy. Got tacos with holes in them. Never seen this before the meat in the taco tasted funny. Long story short the lady replaced the tacos. A 2 because the 2nd set of tacos were perfect.
1	Came through the drive through, apparently 24 hours means that they're not open 24 hours.... considering the fact that the last 6 times I've tried to get breakfast they've had their system is "system down"
3	Not the best in the world. But great that its open late. I also like that they have breakfast and the lunch menu at all times. They always try to make additions to the menu as well. So not bad when ur tipsy at night
