4	Nobody understands. I have this weird affinity for Tokyo Express. But only this particular location. I've been to the other's in Scottsdale and Mesa and they just don't taste the same. Maybe it's because I used to come here for lunch in high school and almost everyday when I  worked at my crappy job down the street. Maybe it's just my nostalgia of growing up here and being young(er)....Mostly, I just freakin' love the teriyaki bowls here more than any other 'yaki chain. There is never too much sauce, chicken to rice ratio is always perfect and it's always piping hot. What makes it hit the spot? A large Tropical Passion iced tea...ahhh yes...you go home, add a little Sriracha and it's the perfect meal. Yes I feel like a loser because it's next to the wonderful Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe and I could get a much better meal there, but when you want something quick and good, this is always my favorite. Minus one star due to the ambience changing a bit over the years, it's smaller and they used to have this great English-style red phone booth in there, not anymore. Boo. I realize I've just written way too much about Tokyo Express, but nobody understands! Ah well, I will continue to remain loyal.
2	Not impressed. When I ordered the Oyako bowl, the conversation went something like this: Me: What type of sauce comes on the Oyako bowl? Female employee: Chicken Me: Yes, I know it has chicken in it, but what type of sauce comes on the chicken and rice? Female employee: Chicken sauce Nico: Just order it Teresa Me: Ok, can you substitute noodles for rice, please? Female employee: Puzzled look of total confusion Me: Repeated the above question Female employee: Uhhh, no, no substitute for noodles Nico: This is not the time to be picky Teresa Me: Fine (as I'm looking at the sign that states "Substitute noodles for rice for $0.80) Now I can see why the employee was so confused. There was NO sauce in my rice bowl. It was just chicken, rice, egg, and green onions. I had to add soy when we got home and I am not a huge fan of soy. Nico raves about this place and he very much enjoyed his Teriyaki rice bowl. I will go again and try something else, and I will probably make him order for me.
5	I have a fond place in my heart for this establishmentI've been covering my all white meat rice bowls in their sticky spicy teriyaki sauce for 10+ yearsI've lived all over the worldI always crave three things when I'm not living in Phoenix (or the USA)1.  Skim Milk2.  Mexican food3.  Tokyo ExpressNow pay attentionIf you like spicy food and teriyaki sauce, here's what you should orderAn all white spicy chicken teriyaki bowl5 extra sides of spicy sauceA small salad2 extra sides of salad dressingOk, so I REALLY like sauce.  Really.This place makes me want to cry I love it so much.
5	Full disclosure: Tokyo Express was my first job (in 1994).  So I'm probably biased.  This is a Phoenix locals favorite.  The same people have been going here forever.That being said --- I have tried boatloads of Japanese fast food in my life... and nothing comes close to 'the Tokyo.'  (anyone who EVER compares it to Shogun, etc.  Thems are fighting words.. and I'm a pacifist)It's fast.  It's cheap.  I love that they place your announce your orders with "ah-nay-guy-she-mas" (which if I remember correctly, means 'please')The sauce and rice are always perfect.  The salad dressing is out-of-this-world.  20 years I've been going there and I have no idea what's in it.  Probably an addictive chemical.  I don't care.  It is terrific.I haven't worked in many restaurants but nobody cleaned a kitchen like the management at Tokyo Express.  You never have to worry about the back.  As a teenager I once ordered a sukiyaki bowl 27 shifts in a row... and I still wasn't sick of it by the end.I only wish there were still more in town but if it's lunchtime and I pass by the one at 10th & Camelback or the one in old town Scottsdale.. Tokyo Express sucks me in like a tractor beam.If I move away... upon returning, my first meal will be a spicy teriyaki chicken, a couple of side salads (with extra dressing) and a medium tropical iced tea.  That's not a meal.  That's utopia.
5	I heart Tokyo Express. I have been coming here ever since I was a little girl, when I would come to work with my parents. Now that I am a big girl, I still come here about twice a month for lunch, sometimes 3-4.I always order the same thing, teriyaki lite bowl with egg rolls. But today I decided to switch it up & I ordered bento box a. It was ok, the best parts were the teriyaki chicken & eggroll so I think I will just stick to my usual.The 2 girls up front who take orders are always smiling & super sweet. I have never had to wait more than 5 mins for my order.Like I said, I heart Tokyo Express!
4	Walking into this place is just plain confusing.  You could tell it used to be something different, but I've got no idea what.  I guess it doesn't matter.  It just sort of looks cheap.  But that's ok.The food was right on, and I'll be back for more.  Bento Box A?  Yes please.  Small salad with a great ginger-type dressing, some sort of spicy beef, teriyaki chicken, rice, egg roll, some edamame, a few carrots... am I missing anything?  The service was great, the food even better, and it only set me back about 5 minutes and 8 bucks.  It seems like a sure bet, and close enough to work for a good take out that it will rise toward the top of my list.
1	This place used to be awesome. Now it is plain dirty. Food quality is unpredictable and mostly poor.
4	I've been coming to Tokyo Express since I was a little girl and they have remained just as good. I freaking love the dressing on the side salad. I always order the terriyaki chicken bowl and 2 side salads. Always hits the spot!
4	Loved Tokyo Express when I used to visit my brother.  I ate there a lot.  We need them in Atlanta.
1	Their miso soup was cold and SPOILED. They made us another batch that was actually hot and no longer tasted a few days old, but still nasty. Their teriyaki chicken was also salty.
4	Yakiniku...drool
4	I used to live just a few blocks east on Camelback and would come here fairly frequently. 'Fast' Japanese was more unique back then, but Tokyo Express is still one of my favorite cheap eats every time we visit the Valley. I've always love the vibe this place gives off...
1	I would never visit this location again. The food was so bland and the girl working and manager are both very rude and dont understand the meaning of customer service. AT ALL. You want good food? Great customer service and a wider selection of sushi?? Go to the one off of Scottsdale Rd and Osborn in Scottsdale
1	Why did I agree to go here? BLAAAAAAH! Even for fast casual Japanese food, it sucked. I got the low-carb (no rice) teriyaki salmon bowl. The vegetables _ a mix of cabbage, broccoli and carrots _ had no flavor whatsoever. It was like hospital cafeteria veggies. Ever hear of salt or using a flavored broth? The sauce on the salmon was OK but once you eat off the top layer, no flavor inside at all. It was not worth $6.62 or whatever the price. I rarely go so far as to say "Oh I could have cooked better at home" but in this case, it's true. One of the worse meals I can remember having. And their shiu mai dumplings obviously frozen and then cooked because a) way too labor-intensive otherwise and b) that had more flavor. How can it be next door to Cherry Blossom Noodle? I need a good meal to counteract this.
4	This is my hood, yo. I've been eating at TE since I can remember. Since before high school, I'm sure, but it is in high school that my most fond memories come from. After football practice, this was a must. I've always been a fan of the terriyaki chicken, double meat. Haven't strayed much from that, honestly. So... Maybe it's time to try something else. I've wanted to try the curry, but after going to Tokyo, and having curry there, I'm hesitant to try it. We'll see....Thanks for the memories, Tokyo Express.
5	Good place for teriaki chicken and California rolls, fast service, pleasant environment. I have been coming here since the '80's.
4	I've been coming here for years, so figured I would write a review. This is a great place if you're looking for something fast, cheap,and healthy. I really like their all white meat terriyaki bowl combo, it's fresh and not greasy and pretty good deal with a side and salad for around $6. Their ramen salad is really good too, with a generous portion of ramen noodles, chicken and veggies, it's also super cheap (around $4).
1	I am really shocked at all of the decent reviews for this place.  The only reason I am giving it one star is because the service was fast and friendly.  I ordered the Seafood Bento box and my husband got the chicken teriyaki and a beef bowl. Midway through, we discussed going through the Wendy's drive through.  It just seemed like the lowest quality of everything was used- gross rice, fish with a weird texture, even the chicken seemed of a lower quality then you get at the Asian food places in the mall.Tokyo Express actually was recommended to us, unfortunately, we wish we would have stayed home and cooked.I would not recommend.
2	It has been a while since my previous visit to this place and the meal I had then was far from memorable. Today I decided to give it another try while my car was being serviced at the AAA service facility a block away. I ordered the spicy bento to get a better sampling of things this restaurant offered. The meal was a disappointment: the rice of the sushi had a watery texture, the spicy chicken and spicy beef were overly salty, and the vegetable curry was no more than a starchy gravy with some bits of overly mushy vegetables.  On the positive side, the place is bright and clean and the service is fast. Those are not enough to bring me back, though, since food is the main draw for me as far as dining establishments are concerned.
2	I called in my order , the meals were ready when I got there. However the rice was  over cooked and sappy, when I brought it to b the cashier attention , she just said sorry snd disregarded me. The meet was also  overcooked
3	I only had 20 mins to grab dinner before I go to the comedy show, so Tokyo Express was close to M's house I run in.  Got my food in 10 min and inhaled my gyoza, terriyaki chicken, and my drink.  The sauce and chicken was ok.  It was a little warm inside the restaurant.
