4	Time 4 Thai is a very decent Thai cuisine experience, in modern surroundings, and is also very conveniently located right in the centre of town, just off George Street, so you don't have to go far for your Thai fix if you've been loitering around the city centre shops.The staff were very friendly and accommodating on my first visit here, and actually, at the time, pre visit to Thailand and consequential love for Thai food, I wasn't really that au fait with Thai cuisine at all. The eternally smiley waitress duly recommended what we should sample, so we ended up with quite a few different dishes, through wanted to try lots of different things, but also, mostly, because I generally have eyes bigger than my stomach. The Tom Kha seafood soup went down a treat, love it, and the Phar Goong king prawn salad was also tasty. The specialism here is seafood, although there are several other options, and depending on what time of day you're in, you can choose from a 3 course lunch, business lunch, order from the a la carte menu or share one of the Thai banquet set menus. The interior of the restaurant is polished and immaculate to a tea, so this is very tasty Thai food, in an equally as delightful setting.
5	With a mildly comic name, though not as funny as the untouchable "Curl up and Thai", Time 4 Thai still has a very good reputation when it comes to the food, and while I'm prone to be unusually unadventurous when it comes to Thai food, I can have no complaints.Given we were in for a quick meal and thus slightly rushed, I don't know if I got to feel the restaurant's full force, but my Green Curry was top notch. Fragrant, spicy, and with some lovely fluffy rice.Granted, Green Curry is the Mince and Tatties of Thai cooking and something they're unlikely to get wrong, but it put the restaurant on my radar for a return visit.
4	TIME 4 REVIEW Impeccable service from as soon as you walk through their front door.3 WAY COMBO!- Grapow beef - thai basil and chili beef (sliced beef which was ununsual as I am used to having this dish with minced beef in Australia ?!) - make sure you finish every last drop of the sauce, and avoid the chopped chili if that isn't your style :)- Pad Thai with prawns - yummmmmm, don't forget to squeeze the lime all over- Yellow duck curry - was brilliant, the sauce started off rather mild but after a few mouthfuls started to fire up! Yay! not too hot, though - and went superbly with rice... all finished off with two serves of coconut rice.Food servings were ample, with the above (and a bottle of red, of course) filling two tummies rather nicely.Cannot stress how good service was, wait staff were friendly and responsive to our every need.(QUESTION OF THE DAY: I saw that hot chips were also on the menu, what is it to do with Asian restaurants in Scotland serving chips?!)I did take a pic of the food but my stupid phone seems to have eaten the pic. :( If someone buys me a bright new shiny iPhone 4S, I promise that it won't happen again.
4	The starters in Time 4 Thai were a couple of the most memorable dishes we've sampled on all of our quests. They were so packed with flavour that they were practically capable of blowing the roof off the place. Mains didn't quite (couldn't ever) live up to that firecracker start, but were solidly good. Well worth a visit, we'd say!Overall, we said: "I was served with memorable soup, in smart surroundings, with good, attendant service, and nicely presented dishes. These things are all very much to Time 4 Thai's credit...I think I'll be back to Time 4 Thai. There are lots of things on the menu that look tempting."
5	My favorite Thai and one of my most favorite restaurants in Edinburgh. Found them 5 years ago, and still as excellent. The setting is lovely and relaxing. The staff are friendly and provide excellent, attentive service. The food is excellent and well presented. Simply outstanding and sure to please everyone! The have take away also.
3	We (3 of us) were mere walk-ins on a Friday evening and we were given a very nice table on the mezzanine section. We found the reviews on Yelp encouraging, so we were expecting to be wowed with authenticity and flavours. Unfortunately we were slightly disappointed. The flavours were missing (or perhaps too delicate) on the majority of dishes we ordered. Even my Tom Yum needed some kick. My duck in dry red curry sauce, was billed as 'spicy' - but it was anything but.Sure enough they used fresh chili in the dishes that needed it, but to get some heat I needed to bite out the seeds and even bargain for some from the wife (in exchange for some meat) The service is very friendly, efficient and helpful. Nothing wrong with that. I just wished we had a little more of what we were expecting from a Thai meal.
5	Yumminess! Kind of strange to be eating Thai food in Scotland... but it was really good. Love the vibe of the restaurant and the staff is friendly. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options.
