3	I remember when they were remodeling this place and I was wondering, hmm is it going to be a car wash? Fast forward to maybe March or so and lo and behold it opened up with free $3.00 car washes for a day. Of course you could upgrade for a small fee, but I stuck with the freebie to see just how good the cheap one was. Well fast forward to now and I must admit, they suckered me in with those $3.00 car washes as I have been back numerous times. I usually stick with the cheap $3.00 wash as it cleans my car just fine. Plus the vacuums are free to customers which is a huge perk. No digging around for quarters trying to make sure you have enough to get all the crap out of your car. So it is not super fancy but hey it gets the job done!
2	I know it was only $7 for the wash but it left worlds to be desired. Might as well have sprayed the car with the hose & called it good. Sure it got the dirt off but that's it. Bird poop/bug nasty still stays.
4	Vacuums here really suck...literally.  Have yet to pick up a weak sucker here...can I say that? :)$3 gets you a basic wash, but you can shove more money in if you feel like pampering your car with more jets, colorful soap,cloth beaters, and wheel brushes. Someone has always greeted me at the pay point and even helped if needed.  They seem to have the customer service thing down....
4	Quick N Clean has a great business model. Drive up, pay with your credit card at the kiosk, drive thru the automatic wash tunnel and vacuum your car.Car washes range from $3 - $12, honestly the $3 wash does the trick and I am always satisfied. I usually bring a couple of towels and use the on site powerful vacuum cleaners. The vacuum's are nice because they are conveniently located on each side of your car which makes it really easy to use.If you enjoy driving up to a car wash and handing your keys to a attendant this might not be the place for you.
1	[[[[[ BUYER BEWARE ]]]]]---------------------------------This car wash damaged my car on Sat. 6/3/13 around 6PM and the owner has not called me back after leaving a detailed voice mail on his personal cell phone; the manager on-site gave me the number and insisted that I call saying the owner was really good about taking care of things like this.My car is 3 months old and had no prior damage to that area. (Fender & Glass). DAMAGE: Something was ejected from one of the air dryers at the end of the wash. It hit my car with extreme force and sounded like a large rock or brick was hurled at the back right side of my car.(not saying it was either, just sounded like it)When I inspected the damage, there was some kind of black material starting around the fuel door moving up the fender and onto the rear glass. This substance wiped away easily, however, the impact of whatever it was chipped the paint in one spot on my fender and made two large scratches into the glass.I understand they have a sign that says use at your own risk or something along those lines, BUT, I would think most people understand that minor surface scratches can occur in the paint from dirt and debris in the brushes. I DO NOT believe we would reasonably expect projectiles being launched at our cars at high speed causing a chip in the paint down to bare metal and gouging marks into the surface of your glass!I HOPE the owner calls me soon to take care of this. I will update this review on how that goes.
3	Went there today for the 1st time. The concept is great. There's nobody trying to upsell you anything you just choose the wash you want at the electronic kiosk thing. $3.00 wash was decent for what you pay for and free vacuums. Cheapest wash you can get if you're willing to use some elbow grease. Place was clean and had plenty of bays to vacuum your car. Will come again.
4	This definitely a quick and easy place to get a car wash.  They have a variety of options from $3 up to $15 depending on how many extras you are looking to have done.  The vacuums after your wash are free, but do take note that not all vacuums here are created equal! Some of the vacuums definitely do not work as well as others, but considering that they are free, it's not too hard to drive to a spot a little ways down for a better vaccum.  Overall: A-It has a few downsides but overall, it's not a bad deal and it's quick to run through and keep your car clean!
4	I love this little car wash. It's right on my way home from work, the vacuums are free and the $3 car wash is usually suffice to get my car clean. My biggest complaint is you have to ask for a towel to clean off your dashboard and other places you may have spilled something and they're always dry. I expect them to be damp. I do have a few tips for all the customers. 1. There are lots of bays to clean out your car, unless they are extremely busy and more than half are full, there is no reason you need to park next to me when the next 5 spots are free. It's kind of crappy when I can't open my passenger's side door because you are parked next to me with your door open. 2. Turn your stupid music down. Blaring heavy metal in your old Chevy Cavalier does NOT make you cool. 3. The automatied machine is not that hard. You select your wash and pay. It should not take more than a minute. PS the $3 wash is in the lower right hand side.
1	After coming to this car wash a few times, I was only semi-satisfied with their car washes. I have tried the $3 wash and the most expensive and neither of them are anything special. My last visit I used the $3 wash and not only did the attendant completely ignore me when I tried to get his attention to rinse off my tires, but at the end of the wash my car was still soaking wet. There are so many better washes in the area with great customer service, save yourself time and money by going somewhere else!
4	Great wash at a great price, ranging from $3 - $15 depending on how intense of a clean you need. Go check them out!
4	First time at this carwash and I was pretty pleased. I got the $15 wash and my black car came out pretty nice after I dried it further with the provided disposable towel. The only downside was that my 2 front tires weren't shiny at all really (but the rear ones looked nice)... maybe the reservoir on the machine was low. The teenage/early 20's kiosk attendant with braces was very friendly (keep it up my friend, you will go far in life with such a great attitude). The older guy helping me line up on the track was also very friendly. 2 for 2, at a carwash, OMG!!! The only reason I might not come back very regularly is that there is a carwash in Scottsdale that offers unlimited washes for 30 days for $15-25 (depending on the wash) and it's right by my boyfriend's place. If this carwash could offer something like that, I'd be sold.
1	While vacuuming my car the hose to their vacuum came crashing down into the side of my car leaving a hug dent in the rear door of my car.  My insurance has proved that Quick n Clean was at fault because of their equipment failing and having no secondary safety measures...Quick N Clean has been very immature about the whole process not returning calls to myself or my insurance company...If they do not get it together quickly they will be sued and most likely shut down....Avoid this place, these people are criminals...
5	Hands down,  the best car wash! I drive here from Glendale to wash my new car. Very friendly and polite.Vacuums are the greatest ones around!
