3	A while back, I took my stepson to see Dr. Donie for a sore throat. The school nurse had sent him home, claiming to have seen signs of strep.I told work I'd be in a little late for the appointment. Boy was I! We waited more than an hour past our appointment time to see the doctor.The man himself was rather pleasant and friendly; not at all condescending. He's actually somewhat talkative, which I figure is why he took so long with the previous patient.He peered in the boy's throat and said that it was inflamed. Surprisingly, he did not do a quick swab for strep. Rather, he went ahead and wrote a prescription for antibiotics.All in all, it was an OK visit. Otherwise, my only other qualm was that his office took more than a MONTH to cash my check.
5	I've had Dr. Donie for years.  Like Korina wrote, he is never condescending.  His bedside manner is excellent.  He knows a lot of specialists and at least in my case, has always made good referrals.I can say that, although sometimes I can tell he's pressed for time, he never rushes.  Sometimes I have to wait a little while, but I KNOW that if I need a little more time in my consultation, he will give it to me.He helped save my life by referring me to a good urologist after a physical and blood work looked suspicious.   He's also helped me try different medications for blood pressure until one worked without unpleasant side effects.I never dread going to see Dr. Donie, and I recommend him to friends.
1	I have been seeing Dr. Donie for 3 years and have never had an issue until recently. My husband was stationed at the Air Force Base in Tucson, Az causing me to transfer schools and moved down there with him. Since it is only two hour away I chose to still keep Dr. Donie as my primary care. However, I got sick on a week after moving there and since it was my first day of class I called my insurance to find an urgent care I could go to knowing that Dr. Donie's office would be closed the day I could make it down to Phoenix. I have since received a $258 medical bill from that urgent care in which my insurance company instructed me to simply call my doctor and have him back date a referral and fax it directly to them. After speaking to Dr. Donie's office assistants, not him directly since "he doesn't make phone calls", they have informed me he will not sign a referral because this would be considered insurance fraud. How is this insurance fraud if that is what my insurance company is telling me that is what they need to do? They also said he wasn't aware that I was ever sick and he has nothing to do with it. According to his office "everyone knows you always call your primary care doctor when you are sick". How am I supposed to know this when they have never told me in the 3 years I have been going there? Nor did I have a problem when I went to urgent care the year before when I was sick on the Wednesday they were closed on.
