4	After feeling that nagging feeling that I need to get an oil change one of these days, I finally had time to swing by this Jiffy Lube after a morning workout.  I showed up at 7:15am, saw they had a light on, and went right in.  Turns out they don't open til 7:30am, but they were friendly about my earlier arrival and told me they'd be with me as soon as they finished opening the store.  Right at 7:30am they got my car in, serviced it, and I was out in about 20 mins.  I was made aware of additional service needed, with NO PRESSURE!  A big plus for me....I hate pressure.  Definitely a quick, friendly place to get an oil change!
5	I've been here twice - the first visit the manager informed me I would save money getting an oil change down the road (appreciate honesty!) the second time they checked my car out prior to a long road trip.  Honest, friendly and fast service.  Definitely recommend!
5	I was going to take my car to a family owned car wash/lube but felt very uneasy with how everyone looked so rushed...We've all heard of horror stories of oil changes gone wrong and I just wanted to avoid that. Call it woman instinct or being paranoid but I just wanted to make sure my car was taken care of!I looked on yelp and found this place. All the reviews were good so decided to give it a try.As soon as I pulled up, I was greeted by a friendly guy who asked me what I was looking for and I told him I was wanting an oil change and my tires rotated. Much to my delight, he said they could do both. He walked me inside and found the place to look like a hole in the wall on the outside but in the inside, it was very clean. The guy behind the counter was friendly and right away told me how much everything would cost... No pressure just friendly service.When they were finally done, my total for my service which included rotating my tires was around 60.00. One of the guys was nice enough to open my car door when I went outside to leave. I will be back for sure!
4	For all you men with a penchant for changing your own oil, here's a useful tip.Try Jiffy Lube, and let me tell you why in three little letters.                     **  UTI  **Yes, those grease stained paws of yours have now left their mark on your spouse's hoo-haw, sparking yet another angry and virulent UTI, this followed by an unexpected playground closure for about a week.Who needs that shit, right? Not when Jiffy Lube is right down the street.I say spend the extra twenty bucks, let them change your oil, sparing your partner from the weeklong misery of peeing razor blades all the while keeping you squarely in coochville.Don't get suckered into all the extras they offer though.They'll want to change the grease in your axles, flush your radiator, and change out your transmission fluid, saying all of this stuff is yukky and long overdue. Don't buy it.I did this once and it cost me upwards of 200 bucks.Now I limit them to oil and filter only for around forty bucks, and that's for a truck. Cars are even less.I promise you, whatever you think you're saving by doing this task yourself, it's not what you think it is. You need to toss in a doctor's visit along with a couple gallons of cranberry juice if you want to make a truly accurate cost comparison.
1	On two occasions I went to Jiffy Lube for an oil change.  Both times, the "check engine" light came on two days later.  I figured out the first time that it came on because the air filter housing had not been closed.  The second time, I told the service person that I did not want him to check my air filter because of the inconvenience the last time.  Not surprising, he did it anyway.  I took it back to the shop and told them to figure it out.  They could not.  I went home, popped the hood, opened the air filter housing and discovered that a hose had not been re-connected.  That was the problem.  I emailed Jiffy Lube's home office with a detailed account of my experience and never received the courtesy of a reply or acknowledgement.   I was informed by a co-worker that in 2008, Jiffy Lube had to pay $5M to settle a fraud case (unfair business practices).  Two of the most significant violations were that they were charging for services that were not performed and recommending unnecessary services.   I will NEVER go back to Jiffy Lube.
5	I've never had a quicker, more thorough, polite, informative, hassle-free oil change! In and out in under 20 minutes with topped-off fluids, accurate tire pressure, and a list of "you may want to address these soon" issues, all for under $30 (with coupon).  Thank you Jiffy Lube - you'll definitely be seeing me again in the future. :-)
1	I tried to get my oil changed on my lunch break, pulled up with one car being worked on and another in front of me.   I was walked in the office and asked to sit down.  I told the person at the customer service desk that I only had 45 mins for lunch and just wanted to drop the car off and come get it after work.  I was told that they would need to do paper work on me before I could leave.  I asked how long that would take and was told 15-20 mins.  When I expressed that I wouldn't have time to wait 20 mins just to give them my info he customer service rep told me that this is just the way they do things.  All I wanted to do was drop the car off?!? Can't imagine having to wait 15-20 just to get my info before they even started to do the oil change.  Ended up going down the street to Brake Masters and dropping it off the next day, took max of 1min to get my info.
1	I have taken my 2012 Toyota Tacoma here twice for a oil change, both times I have been totally disappointed with the service ..... Not only do they try to sell you every service they can they wash your windows ( which look like they used muddy water ) leave greasy handprints on fenders and doors and last but not least when they put my cabin air filter back in they did not take the time to replace the glove box shock causing it to fall all the way down when opened ......
3	I understand they're a business but if I responded no to the first 20 things they tried selling me you would think they would stop asking the next 10. I do enjoy the top off program because I'm very concerned with always keeping oil in my vehicle.
5	They are awesome here! This is my first time in and I was so happy with the way that if was greeted as soon as I pulled up, they helped me out of my car, lead me to the waiting room, and I hung out and got coffee! There were no cars so the wait was really quick. The oil change was a little over $100 which is reasonable for a Mercedes that requires synthetic oil and 8.5 quarts! So I thought this place is really good deal! It took a total of about 20 minutes for the whole process so that is awesome for a quick stop oil change! Thank you! I will be bringing all of my personal cars and business vans to Jiffy Lube!
2	The technicians were friendly, however, for them not being very busy, I waited quite a long time. It was nice they did not try to up sell me on a million items. I only wish they had nitrogen for the tires rather than air. They should have referred me to a place that carries nitrogen instead of mixing both in my tires.
5	These guys are seriously the best. I called them on a Friday night 2 mins before they closed, because my tire pressure light was on. I was nervous because I know nothing about cars, tires, etc and if there was a problem I wouldn't know the first thing to do. The manager was awesome! He explained on the phone what it could be, stayed open until I got there, and checked everything and filled up my tires for free. Very nice guys, and very relieving to have the issue fixed right away.
2	Over charge. I had to go online to website to get a cheaper price. Wait was over 30min and uncomfortable waiting room. Not a jiffy lube place.  Other places have taken 15 min for same service
5	Fast, professional, and incredibly patient with some of the high maintenance clientele.
