5	Really great! This is a small, mom and pop-type restaurant. I tried the traditional Ehtiopian/Eritrean dishes, and the food was delicious! And it is a really good value. Portion sizes are pretty large and prices are low. The decor is not the best, but don't let that turn you off from the restaurant.  They do have some American food, too, but I did not try that.  I highly recommend!
4	Delicious and unique! Don't let the style keep you away the food is fantastic.  They can customize any dish to your taste.  I have already recommended this to friends.  I would give it 5 stars if the outside and inside were more palatable.  They have vegetarian options as well!
4	This is the first Ethiopian restaurant in Charlotte that I have been to.I love Ethiopian food, and I have become fan of this place. The food is delicious and is in-line with my expectations. The staff is friendly. The server explained me few things about tomato sauce that comes with Tibzi, and provided me suggestions on the tibzi. The shrimp tibiz sounded interested. I had their vegetarian combo tibzi, instead. Got two extra rolls on the side. The meal size is more than enough for one person. The place is decent and very relaxed. Probably, I was their first customer on that Saturday evening. The staff is relaxed, and not in a hurry. I had a very peaceful and delicious meal.I liked the lentils and tomato sauce, the most. The cabbage, potato stuff was good as well. I liked the food so much that I must have overate it. That's what happens when we find good food. I visited Ethiopian place after long time. I am glad I found something this nice.I highly recommend this place for the Ethiopian cuisine. Apparently, they have some Italian dishes on the menu as well. Isn't that funny? :-)
5	I love this place. It is a small independently owned restaurant where the owner really cares about her food. Both times I have visited, the owner comes out of the kitchen frequently to explain dishes and ask how we like them. The food is fantastic and the prices are great. In all honesty, the restaurant has a run down bar feel, but that is part of its charm. You will definitely feel welcome when you walk inside and it would be impossible to not enjoy the fare.
1	Visited location four times. First two times were great. Second two times strange and terrible. Third trip ... sign said they were open, but the doors were locked; left hungry and went to get delicious Korean food. Last time, doors open, place empty, one lady in there couldn't understand what I was asking. When the main lady finally came in, she took my order and came back 10 minutes later and said she couldn't serve me; said she wasn't feeling well, apologized and walked away. I really liked this place, but I'll NEVER go back.
