1	Even though their website says 24-hour emergency service, when I called a person did answer the phone, I told them I have a slab leak and I need someone to come out and look at on a Saturday late afternoon, and yes it was Easter weekend, but he told me no one was available until Monday.  No problem but IF YOU ADVERTISE THAT YOU HAVE 24-HOUR AND WEEKEND EMERGENCY SERVICE but don't provide it, then you get a 1-star rating from me!
5	I've used them multiple times.  They are always prompt, professional, get the job done quickly and correctly, and are very fair in pricing.  Additionally, they always take the time to explain things and provide tips.
5	OK; I thought I would write this review in all fairness to these folks.  I have a normal plumber that I typically use, but this time I needed some emergency work done a particular brand of water heater still under warranty.  So thru an internet search, I found about 4 places that were authorized service dealers for this brand.  I called and left messages at all four places about 8 am on Thanksgiving morning.  Only two guys returned my call promptly (or even at all) within 15 minutes.  Above and Beyond called back first and by talking with him, I knew that he knew what he was talking about and asked me to check for the model # and serial # of my heater, which I did.  He looked up my product on the manufacturers cross reference data base and said he had to repair part.  He said be would be there by 10:30 AM.  A few minutes after I hung up the phone the other guy called and he too knew what he was talking about.  But I had already made a repair appointment with Above and Beyond and told the second guy this -- he said no problem, just call him back if I needed more help.  By 9:15 AM the husband and wife team of Above and Beyond showed up (early!!!) and fixed my problem by replacing the whole gas valve assembly and ignition unit under warranty, in less than 1 hour.  All I paid for was the emergency service which was higher than normal being Thanksgiving, but still fair for the situation.  I am extremely happy with these people and will probably use them for other plumbing work in the future!!!
