2	Oh Quizno's you are a damn shame.  A damn dirty shame. Thinking, oh my they might have something I can eat, I promptly waited in line. I ordered a regular and told you how much I would not like olives on my sandwich. I also told you how I like light vinaigrette on it as well. But no, you did not listen. You gave me a wet, warm and crappy looking sandwich with traces of olives. Fracking AWESOME! Thank you so much for charging me 8 bucks for this horrendous meal. I stuffed it down as I had to run, but I should have thrown it back and asked for my money back. Ah well.
1	I purchased an $8 Groupon good for $16 for this Quiznos.  You'd think it should be pretty simple for someone of High School graduate age to ring up an order, subtract $16 and then give me the correct total, right?  WRONG!!!!!  They took off $7.36 pre-tax and then $8 post-tax.  The entire $16 should have been subtracted PRE-TAX like a coupon (in fact, like their combo discount).  But no!  Their method gyps the Groupon user out of an additional $1.34 on a $16 Groupon, on top of their outrageous prices because they're located in a strip casino food court.  STAY AWAY!!!!
4	Good sandwich shop, friendly employee, odd location. Would do again, great thing us all subs are the same price.
1	If I can give this place 0 stars, I would! Also, if I was a health inspector, I would definitely shut this restaurant down. After I already paid, I noticed that there were packages of beef sitting in a bin on the floor. Another set of packages were on a cart next to bottles of Clorox Bleach. This is not the way to thaw meat! The cashier also was eating behind the counter! I will definitely reach out to Quiznos and let them know that these people who lack knowledge of food safety can potentially harm customers with a foodborne illness!!
3	Service is slow for an informal sandwich place but if you're hungry, you just need patience. Quizno's  is located at the food court in the Riviera.  You can enter through the casino or from the Strip.Average sandwich.  I prefer Subway over Quizno's.
1	The lady was super rude, I couldn't hear her bc she was whispering while asking me what I wanted on my sandwich, when I told her I couldn't hear her she rolled her eyes and didn't not attempt to speak louder. The food was probably the worst food I've tasted this trip to Vegas. And for being a franchise restaurant that's not impressive. I will never give this place business again.
