5	My original plan was to go across the street to Mate Latte for their selection of waffles and crepes, however, I was up and out the door before they opened so I was resigned to do my groceries BEFORE eating. My grocery shopping landed me on Monkland and the natural choice come 10AM was Prohibition. I don't go out for breakfast often. How creative can breakfast be? Some version of pancakes, crepes, waffles, eggs, and bacon, ham or sausage. It's not that complicated. So Prohibition manages to get my attention by being a little more creative, without being ridiculous.This morning I almost ordered the Lemon-Ricotta Pancakes with Blueberries. I have had these before and they are simply divine. They are light and airy, and the table next to us had just received their order minutes after I decided on the Bulgarian Benedict. If there was a little green in my eyes, I hope I didn't scare them off. My BF ordered his usual, the Deep-Fried French Toast with Fried Chicken. The Bulgarian Benedict is a very interesting dish. A combination of yogurt, poached eggs with sheep's milk cheese crumbled on top, drizzled with chilli oil. It's a white on white on white dish, with tons of contrasting textures and flavours. It's tart and creamy, salty, a little spicy and the little toasts that come on the side add the right amount of crunch.The Deep Fried French toast is just unbelievable. The French toast actually tastes a lot like doughnuts, the texture is reminiscent of beignets. The fried chicken, served deboned, has a crisp and crunchy exterior, while the chicken meat is tender and moist.For me, it's the "not-so-standard" that I enjoy most about this restaurant. For now, they are open from 10AM to 2PM (though I am not sure if that is everyday, but certainly on the weekends) and serve breakfast and lunch.
5	This place is good. Real good.We arrived at a busy time (12pm on a Sunday) and the hostess told us when to come back for our table and it was ready right on time (we didn't have a reservation, but you can and should reserve when you come).The men at the table had the fried chicken and french toast, and it was a winner winner. The chicken has been de-boned and fried nicely (just once - not chicken fried). The french toast is HUUUGE, and comes with a small bottle of maple syrup for your drowning pleasure.The ladies present had some of the savoury dishes. I don't exactly remember. Something girly. They smiled and looked pretty, so it must've been pretty good too.The place is new, and nicely done up. I see wine fridges and beer glasses, so I hope they get a liquor license soon.The meals came out to about $30 per couple, which for the quality of food is fantastic value! Definitely worth the wait if you're in the area. I know I will be going back.
5	Impossibly crumbley and unable to hold up against the cold compound butter, there was already so much butter used in the scone that it was practically a biscuit worthy of Paula Deen's last indulgence meal before bypass surgery.
5	This is hands down the best bunch in NDG. Friendly and efficient staff and the food is so incredible that you forget there's no alcohol! French toast and chicken and Bulgarian Benedict are my favorites, but nothing on the menu will disappoint.
5	Really enjoyed this place! Great atmosphere. I had the fried French toast and chicken, it was absolutely delicious tasted like a mix of French toast and a beaver tail. Girlfriend had the lemon to ricotta pancakes and said they were delicious.
5	Holy delicious. My lord. Quasi religious experience. We were trying to have a semi-worky meeting but we needed to repeatedly sit in silence with our eyes half closed thinking about the miracle that is challah french toast with fried chicken... because this is like no french toast I've ever tried, more like giant light piece of challah dipped in donut batter and lightly fried to the consistency of funnel cake and or dreams. Perfect perfect perfect chicken breast. Tiny little bottle of syrup on the plate (who doesn't awww for teeny tiny glassware? people who are dead inside, probably.) Clean simple comfortable decor in this unobtrusive semi-basement on Monkland. Very sweet and prompt staff, affordable prices that will have me journeying across town to brunch here often.
5	Breakfast. If you are seriously serious about breakfast then read on. If you think breakfast is just another meal in a day, then you my friend definitely need to read on.I like to think of myself as a serious sort of breakfast/bruncher meaning that I don't just go for toast and eggs and a coffee. When I go for brunch, I go for the whole 9 yards, because let's face it, I can make toast at home.  I like Prohibition so much that I went twice. In the same month, and I still dream about those french toast pieces. Not too sweet, not too cinammony but just perfect, and perfectly made.  Deboned chicken and spiced just right, and not too mention those seriously cute bottles of syrup.  My first time there I also went for the Huevos Rancheros, which I loved! Fresh cilantro, guac, sour cream, salsa, black beans on eggs on little slightly bigger than egg sized tortillas. Thirdly, there were cookies, I am just going to say for the record, no we didn't need them with what we had, but we certainly were not going to say no. They come out warm, and I can tell that whoever made them, must like cookies, otherwise they weren't going to taste as amazing as that. Ambience-wise, it is a tad smallish, in the sense that the tables were really close together, which is both good and bad. Good because you can see what other people ordered, bad because you can't help but stare at their food before yours came. Next time I go, I am definitely going to try yet another breakfast plate, til I have tried them all. So before I end this post, breakfast lovers, get yourself together and get your breakfast on.
5	As per dictionary.com,Prohibition: a law or decree that forbidsWell, let me say this in one shot: there ain't no flavor on prohibition at Prohibition!Fried challah french toast topped with cinnamon sugar??? INGENIOUS!!! I can't believe how soft the challah bread was on the inside. Yet the outside was just the right amount of crisp and guess what? Not that much oil! And the fried chicken? Plus 1 for NO BONES and plus 1 for SUCCULENT DARK MEAT! Need I say more? And again, not overguzzing with the oil. The seasoning had a slight kick of spice to it, which was a sha-bam for my mouth. I've heard of waffles & fried chicken many times but fried french toast & chicken?!?! *angels sing* AHEM.Prohibition has a rustic feel to it and average noise ambiance. It's a great place for brunch, whether it's with a friend, significant other or group of friends. And there's definitely no doubt on the flavor - the chefs Prohibition knows how to pack it in! Staff is also superb - friendly and humble.If you're visiting Montreal like I was, you MUST come here!
4	Fantastic brunch food and not that long of a wait! I came here on a Saturday morning and the wait was only about 20 minutes or so for seating for 2. It's not a huge restaurant, but it seats around 30-40 which is a good amount of people, including the bar area. Some might feel it's a bit cramped, but everyone around was very friendly and understood the circumstances. The service was good as they serve you immediately once you sit down and are right on top of things. I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich with the French Fries while my girlfriend ordered the Maple French Toast with Fried Chicken. The food was SO DELICIOUS! The breakfast sandwich was an egg muffin with ham and a fried egg and I'm not usually a big fan of egg muffins, but this one was truly delicious! It absolutely destroyed the ones I eat at McDonald's! The fried chicken with the french toast was drenched with maple syrup. The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside and very juicy on the inside. The addition of the syrup added a touch of sweetness, which was the perfect balance.Prohibition Montreal is only a short Metro ride away from downtown and it's a nice walk thru a residential neighborhood. Absolutely worth the small trip!
5	The food is amazing. You need to go here. I came to Prohibition randomly for a late brunch with my cousin, and as usual, it did not disappoint. There's nothing more I can say that hasn't been said already. This place is simply phenomenal and gets it right every damn time, in food and in service.Bulgarian benedict is amazing. Challah french toast and fried chicken are BANGIN'. With a Yelp check-in, I also got a scone (normally would be a cookie, but they had ran out and compensated for it).Enough said.
3	This is what's up:It's a small breakfast/brunch/lunch place with good intentions....But it needs better service (don't ask paying customers to give up their chair when there's chairs used as coat racks 2 feet away)....You should go here for the fried chicken & French toast, please avoid the huevos rancheros (blaaaand)....It isn't cheap. ...I wish I had ordered the fried chicken and French toast.....
4	Located on Monkland Avenue in NDG, Prohibition is a small restaurant with a simple decor and comfortable atmosphere.  The weekend brunch menu offers eight options - I went for the lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote and sugar bacon. I was quite happy with my dish; the pancakes were small and not too thick, and had a lovely lemony flavour that was not overpowering. The blueberry compote had a slight tartness and wasn't too sweet - just the way I like it. The combination of lemon and blueberries meshed really well together, and the fluffiness of the pancakes was like a little stack of clouds :)  I'm not a meat eater, but I really enjoyed the sugar bacon; it was cut thickly, was not chewy, nor was it too sweet. In my opinion, perfection! Judging by the numerous orders of maple fried challah french toast & fried chicken at my table, I'd say this one's a crowd pleaser. It looked REAL good, and the portion was HUGE - I've never seen French toast cut that thick before! Another popular dish was the Bulgarian Benedict, which I'm told had a bite of a bite to it. Overall, a very pleasant dining experience. That said, the waitress kept coming up behind me or next to me, and manoeuvring around my head, which was a pain in the ass and a little lacking in class. I mean, I understand that it's a small space but there is such a thing as personal space.
3	Came here with a group and I am starting to think that perhaps I ordered the wrong thing, because my breakfast was tiny and nothing to write home about. I ordered the pancakes and although they were good, there was absolutely nothing noteworthy about them. My latte was probably one of the worst lattes I have ever had, but it was free with check-in, so I won't complain too much about it. The service was really slow and the cheques took forever to arrive.I would have given the place 4 stars based on food and ambiance, but near the end of our breakfast, the server came over and asked for one of our party to please give up the chair he was on as it belonged to a now occupied table...That's fair enough, I would have been fine with it, except there were 3 women at tables beside us that each took up a chair for their precious West Island handbags...could she not have used one of those chairs instead of taking one from a guy with a mouthful of challah French toast instead??
5	Definitely the best meal we have had in Montreal thus far! And the best French toast I have had.... basically ever. Its fried and served with fried chicken! Insanely delicious and worth every penny. The service is wonderful as well, and so is the coffee.
4	Are you on a somewhat healthy diet? Don't come here...This is a few blocks from my house and it's a dangerous location...because I might gain some serious weight from the house specialty, fried chicken and french toast.Now, the traditional Southern dish has been tweaked to, IMO, a better pairing. The french toast is enormous, yet light and I could eat another serving easily. It doesn't bore your taste buds at all. The fried chicken, is one of the nicest offerings I've had so far in Montreal.However, my personal hangover favourite, is the shakshuka. Libyan by origin, this all-around savoury meal is great for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It's a very versatile dish and Prohibition does a wonderful take on it. Baked eggs over tomatoes, with hints of paprika and cumin, oh yes, my head and stomach feel better already. If you can't make it down here to NDG to try it, it's an easy home meal to create.I only wish their coffee was better, but that's minor pickings. Make reservations, as this space is small.
5	Just got back from brunch at this place.  It is the most beautiful day in Montreal this year! We sat outside, ate Huevos Rancheros ( well If you are from California or Mexico or Texas, you must know that outside of these places, basically eggs with tortilla, people call it Huevos Rancheros :P)  Nevertheless, it was yummy and shakshouka- If you eat this plate with Tortilla, it could be similar to Huevos Rancheros.. Both of them were all yummy.  We also ordered Scones, it was super good!   The restroom was super clean. :) We sat outside so when I went inside to pay - Oh this place is Cash-Only, I saw a baby grand piano. I wondered if anyone plays it sometimes.. We will definitely go back!  Oh! Don't forget to ask for habanero spicy sauce when you order Shakshouka and Huevos Rancheros.  It was really good with it
1	What a joke. Arriving we where told the kitchen was to busy for 30 min and we couldn't sit down and wait nor even order a coffee. I was floored and couldn't believe in a service business that an owner would have a policy that you couldn't even sit even though the place was half empty. After speaking to the rude staff the rude owner came with his miserable face stating his rules. I tried to explain we would wait but his lordship wouldn't have it. How could this idiot running a small business making brunch have an attitude like this. The food isn't even that good. I guess if you want a high caloric intake and be treated like dirt this dump is the place. There are 100 place better plus the staff and owner make you feel welcomed. Wouldn't eat here for free.
5	I don't give 5 stars lightly especially for breakfast but this was hands down the the best breakfast. Three of us went out. I ordered the lemon ricotta crepes, there was an order of the huevos rancheros and and order of the chicken and French toast. There was sharing all around and each dish was a hit. The lemon ricotta crepes were light and not too sweet, the sugar bacon was thick and crispy. The huevos rancheros was delicious, fresh pice de gallo and guac all served a top corn tortillas. The chicken and French toast was amazing. The deep fried crispiness of the French toast with the taste of cinnamon sugar is perfectly balanced. The crispy crunchy fried chicken was not too greasy or salty. We all left satisfied and stuffed.
4	I am always on the lookout for brunch spots to try out. While I tend to focus on places in the Plateau and Mile End districts (mostly because I live nearby which is convenient on lazy weekends), every once in a while I will hear of a place for which I am willing to go a little further. Jason from Shut Up and Eat provided me with this gem with one of his most recent posts. As such, I hightailed it to NDG with my brunch buddy to go visit Prohibition.This small restaurant sticks to a one page focused menu that has eclectic brunch fare. I started with the triple chocolate pretzel cookie because....well why not? Rich and gooey, just a delicious cookie. The pretzel pieces were not as plentiful as I expected but the mix of chocolates offset that nicely.My friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote and sugar bacon. The pancakes were nice and fluffy with a very strong note of lemon. I didn't expect the lemon to come out that strongly in the batter. Truly a pleasant surprise. The blueberry compote added the right level of sweetness to the dishes - maple syrup not required but still utilized. The sugar bacon was very nice as well - big thick cut bacon that is crispy and sweet at the same time.I ordered the Challah french toast and fried chicken combo. A wonderful play on the southern classic chicken and waffles. The Challah french toast brought forth a wonderful sweet and crisp exterior with a light and fluffy interior. Honestly one of the French toast plates I've ever had. The fried chicken was very well done as well. Two requirements come to mind with fried chicken. First, the batter must be seasoned properly and crispy. Second, the chicken must remain juicy. Dryness is not an option. Both requirements were nailed here. This was very good chicken which a nice balance to the sweetness of the French toast. It is a pretty heavy dish by the usual breakfast and brunch standard, so if you like a lighter meal, avoid this combo but for everyone else, you will love it.Prohibition certainly brought to the table some great brunch dishes that veered away from the standard breakfast and brunch fare. The price is reasonable all things considered and unlike a lot of places nowadays, the coffee and tea is included in the meal. If you are a party larger than 2, you may end up waiting in weekends as the place is not very big but regardless, Prohibition is certainly worth a look for any brunch seeking individuals.Cheers!
5	This place is HANDS-DOWN the best brunch place in Monkland -- and even NDG.  Every single one of their menu items are so well thought out and, of course, delicious.  If it's your first time there, you should definitely go for the french toast and fried chicken.  It sounds ridiculous, but it works so well!  The only slightly blah item on the menu is the breakfast sandwich, but from a strategic standpoint, I can see that this is an item for the less adventurous of patrons.  They also have really good service, but make sure to make reservations because this tiny place gets packed up pretty quickly.  Oh and as of last week, they are doing a dinner service.  And they have an authentic southern fried chicken dish that I can't wait to try!
4	delicious. Just perfect.
1	Unpleasant. Loud. Cramped. Overpriced. I ordered the Bulgarian Benedict, which seems to mean a uniform cold white mass (poached eggs, yogurt and feta), slathered in red oil and served with sliced untoasted baguette. Cold poached eggs. Yuck.
5	The food is delicious, it's a small menu but everything is just so good and not crazy expensive. The place is a little small and your sitting very close to the table next to you. The staff is friendly and relatively attentive, The Hevos Rancheros is really good, and you need to try their scones with home made jam, they run out often because there just so good!! get em while you can :)
5	Oh, yes!! The blueberry-lemon pancakes are amazing and served with a slice of this incredible canadian bacon I could eat everyday. The gravlax with bagel is perrrerfect!! If you're feeling funky, go for the fried chicken and challah french toast. Too bad it's a bit far from downtown because they're s grest way to start a Sunday!
2	My friend and I arrived approx 1:05pm Sunday afternoon. My first to PM and found it quite small a little loud but cozy atmosphere.We were seated and given menus, 15 mins later when finally attended to and ready to order we were told those to dishes we wanted weren't available sold out...we couldn't have been informed we were given the menu? Strike one! ...then another 10 mins past before we able to gave our order we both ordered the Challah French Toast & Fried Chicken.The restaurant was 1/2 empty at this time and one person came in about 10mins after we ordered.... They order the same plate we did and received his meal before ours!!! Strike 2!! We called the waiter over and brought that politely to his attention, he apologized profusely and said it was a computer glitch... Ok new excuse to me lol..... Long story short.... We received our meal 1hr and 20mins after we walked in Strike 3!!!....only reason we stayed is 1) we were famished 2) other people next to us were complementing the food.The meal was excellent above my expectation, the waiter was super polite and apologetic for everything above and beyond that's the only reason I gave any stars at all...... But would I go back? Never!!!Due to everything if I owned PM or managed it, I'd make sure 1 meal was a freebie as an apologetic gesture. They definitely would have seen me back at that gesture.
4	Was ere today for Brunch with my girlfriend. The food was very good, ad the price was very reasonable. If I had one thing to say would be I waited quite a while for my bill after the table was cleared a good 10 minutes. Excusable because the food was delicious.
5	Best breakfast in Montreal, period.Great location,Great service.Amazing sugar bacon!!But the lemon mascarpone pancakes were melt in your mouth fantastic!Great find.
5	The black pasta was amazing and the fried chicken is to die for.
4	Ahhhh great brunch place in Montreal!! Let's start with checking in for a free pretzel cookie or coffee.A must is the fried chicken with waffle!!!!!! The bread was perfect.. so fluffy, soft and moist. The chicken was also cooked perfectly with the batter, with a perfect sweetness added.Bulgarian Benedict was very interesting, good flavors! My friend also had the Huevos Rancheros which I would recommend ordering something else since it was nothing special.
5	I soooo love this place for breakfast.  Original, chock full of flavor, unique and delicious.  If you haven't had breakfast here yet, you don't know what you are missing. We showed up a group of four and managed to catch a table outside.  We were all so curious about every dish, we all ended up ordering something different and played musical plates with our dishes.  Even the jar of Greek yogurt was a freaking hit.... so tasty... so good.  Don't miss this one next time you are looking for something different for breaky, it will win your taste buds and your heart.
5	I went here for brunch a couple of weeks ago and have to say it's one of the best and most unique breakfast places I've been to in Montreal.  Their menu is small but has so many good things!! I had the lemon pancakes and can say that I've never had pancakes that good before! Everyone that I went with was impressed with their dish! I would definitely go again to try some of their other things :)
5	Was looking for a great brunch place and found it. This place has hands down the best French toast I've ever had. Never have I had crunch French toast that was also chewy and seemed to be cooked just right. This place managed to do it, and for that they have the crown. The actual meal was dried chicken and French toast as opposed to the usual waffles. My only qualm was that the piece of fried chicken they gave me was so small it was almost a bit ridiculous... Other than that, the meal was delicious and the service was great. Very friendly staff. We got there at 2:30 and there was no line, but I hear if you come during earlier hours (10-12) it's jammed packed and you'll be waiting a long time. However, I can say that it's absolutely worth the wait.Thumbs up! Ill certain be back.
1	Was looking for a romantic brunch to end my  5 year anniversary trip with the hubs. Stumbled upon  prohibitions  menu and decided to go, even though we were staying in downtown montreal it looked too good to  pass up. Well we all know by now looks can be deciving .  We were seated outside without a choice of inside seating when we  arrived, right at 10am, first customers. Our waitress, a ditzy redhead was less fan interested in our needs. When I asked for the wifi password, so I could call my babies in the states, I was told " uh we aren't that kind of place."  Um, ok. We didn't receive food or drink for over an hour. The food was "meh" at best. Services continued to disappoint. Finally got to leave 2 hours after we sat down and had never been so relieved.
3	Prohibition Montreal's menu sold me on its promise of comfort food and cocktails. At the entry, my boyfriend and I were welcomed by a sanded-down, gold-brushed piano covered in candles. The owner greeted us warmly and since the restaurant was quite full on a Thursday, we sat at the bar. We immediately accepted the cocktail special - "Bourbon Apple Pie". It was rich and smooth served over ice and stirred with a cinnamon stick, but we both agreed it would have been a perfect warm drink. I ordered the mushroom risotto and my boyfriend chose the fried chicken dinner. We waited a noticeable length of time for our food. The risotto came out thick and un-gourmet looking, but it had great flavor and hit the spot for me. It was made with portobello and wild mushrooms and topped with pecorino and fontina cheeses. The fried chicken dinner was done with no mistakes, but lacked a bit of original flare. The chicken crunched and crackled when attacked from the outside and came through tender on the inside. It was served with green beans and garlic mashed potatoes. I would have expected a creative side dish with the chicken dinner to make Prohibition's rendition stand out, but there was certainly nothing to complain about. If we had not been driving, we might have been tempted by the 2 dinner special + bottle of wine for $66 - quite the steal! Overall, the experience was squarely above average, but not outstanding. I will reserve final judgment, however, until I sample their brunch. I have heard nothing but rave reviews about the creative twist they put on their sweet batters and eggs.
3	A party of 4 (1 infant) entered this legendary breakfast place during a Sunday morning to embark on a journey of marvels that was prophesied by "The Great Yelp".The party approached the entrance of the cave known only as "Prohibition Montreal" and decided to ask the indifferent gatekeeper if they can stay for awhile and order from this lovely small place. The key word being... "indifferent", who felt it was "OK" to let people stand there waiting for 30 minutes to get seats while several seats were left available in the physical sense for MINUTES, while she ran around trying to find the people she knew, who prior to our visit, put their names down but weren't willing to wait to sit down and were hanging out a few stores down. Those minutes that went by? Yeah, customers should be filling those seats quickly so that the next client can be seated and avoid standing there for 30 minutes while holding a baby seat. But hey, that's how things run here during prime-time Sundays.When we eventually got seats, we suddenly realized how small this place is. With barely any room to sit in the middle of the tightly packed restoraunt, I had to position myself where less amount of foot traffic was happenin  so that no one would knock over the baby seat while my wife and friend repeatedly got their seat bumped during their meal by other clients and staff. Also staff, I know you have nowhere to go but do you mind giving us our personal space?I ordered a latte, which sadly I couldn't get for free due to the Yelp freebie no longer being applicable for checking-in. Sadly, the latte was very average and already came luke-warm. I've had far better. Great start.I ordered the challah french toast with fried chicken because why the hell, why live to 40? The Yelpers who recommended this were absolutely correct. The french toast was something unique and along with some fried chicken they really managed to compliment each other. I truly enjoyed this meal and crave to taste it again. The maple syrup was authentic, so kudos to that as well.Sadly, we collectively wished we were seated on the banquets as the middle seating was very uncomfortable and thus the food was consumed quickly so that we could leave quickly.The service in general was slow with a noteworthy delay on receiving our bills. Or maybe it was wanted to get out as quickly as possible due to the poor seating.The price tag was decently priced.All in all, it was an OK experience. The food was great, the latte was bad, the service could have been far better and the seating arrangement atrocious even without dealing with a baby seat. I might come back one day but not anytime soon particularly during prime-time.
3	Unlike most of the Yelpers who have given Prohibition 4 and 5 star reviews we visited the resto for dinner, not brunch. We enjoyed ourselves and thought that the food was good, but not up to a 4 or 5 star experience as the they seem to be with brunch. We arrived earlish on a Saturday evening as we were meeting up with some friends across town after dinner. Tables were booked solid, but there was space at the bar. The bartender who served us our drinks and food did an excellent job and seemed like a really nice guy, so A+ on the service. The restaurant filled up quickly and had a nice atmosphere. Early into the evening a musician arrived and began to play the piano. It was nice to have the live music, but given the small size of the establishment it made it a bit difficult to chat. We ordered a kale salad, calamari and the vege pizza. The salad was the best of the group with great flavour and fresh ingredients. The calamari was pretty good, light, crispy and served with a tangy lemon & saffron mayo. The pizza was ok, but not really my cup of tea. The crust, which was home made, was thick and very chewy and had a sweet flavour. There was a large amount of cheese on the pizza which made the whole thing a bit oily. By the time we were completing our main course the pianist had started up his second set and was now joined by a horn player. Adding a trumpet to the mix in this small space made it impossible to carry on a conversation so in the end I feel that the live music was a bit of a detractor from the ambiance of the place. For dessert we ordered the home made doughnuts. The doughnuts are actually doughnut holes and were served with ice cream and blueberries. The texture and taste of the doughnuts was very similar to the pizza dough. Not to take away from this dessert, but I would categorize it as "not worth the calories", however I'm not the worlds biggest doughnut fan to begin with.
5	We split the French Toast/Fried Chicken and Huevos Rancheros - both were excellent.  The fried chicken was absolutely perfect, crispy, well seasoned, moist, tender.  Great french toast as well, crispy on the outside, perfect balance of fluffiness and thickness on the inside.  Huevos rancheros were very good, but the highlight was the chicken & french toast.  Both service and ambiance were excellent, and very reasonable prices as well.  Definitely will come back.
3	I had the pancakes, lovely!  Portion was small though. The waffle and fried chicken was way too greasy, I have no idea why people love it.
5	Great place.Went for brunch.  Nice variety of dishes.  I had theHe eggs Benedict and my daughter had the French toast and deep fried chickenLooking forward to trying it for dinner
4	Why does unhealthy food taste good and healthy food taste bad???  I don't know if it's like the whole forbidden fruit thing or what. Anyways, This is THE brunch spot in Montreal. Took me 45ish mins (by transit) to reach here from my place and it was TOTALLY WORTH it.  Be sure to make reservations coz it gets really crowded. I started with a coffee spiked with baileys & whiskey (just a FYI.... I'm not an Alcoholic). Great taste. The star of this place is definitely the French toast with fried chicken. Maple fried challah french toast, fried chicken, cinnamon sugar & maple syrup. The maple syrup is authentic & served in a tiny teeny bottle. Also the piece of fried chicken was small but delicious. (What is this, food for ants???) Now to the French Toast, 3 Humongous pieces of maple fried challa bread cooked to perfection. A bit crispy on the outside and soft inside. Orgasmically Delicious....OHHH YEAAAAAHHH.Worth a visit...... Again & AgainFood -  Awesome Service - Friendly  Ambiance - Casual / CozyWorth the money - Yes
4	I love this place because it is unique and doesn't just serve your bacon and eggs which honestly I am tired of having when I go out and pay good money!!!!Granted I am bit peculiar and could not resist having fried chicken and waffles ( I know sounds terrible) but it was pretty good if you want to indulge.I definitely recommend but go there early on weekends as it gets crowed
5	It definitely lived up to the hype. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote and bacon. It was the best bacon I'd ever had, and the pancakes were light and just perfect. My friend had the benedict (which they serve with a side of toasted strips of bread for the purposes of dunking in the sauce), which also received rave reviews.  The host was really friendly and helped us try to make sense of what to order, and our server was attentive and had a good sense of humor.  I'm curious to try their dinner too, but can't imagine it could beat the brunch.
4	We came for dinner during a spring break trip to Montreal. It's a bit far out of the way from the city center, but it's not a terribly long trip from Berri-Ouam. Overall, it was a good experience, with a friendly staff and great food. It was a little pricey, and service was a little slow, but overall a worthwhile trip (plus, all their beers are from Du Dieu Ciel, a major bonus).
5	Just amazing! I went here on two occasions. Once for dinner and another time for breakfast. Both times were wonderful. I actually prefer dinner since it's less busy and I love the live performance. For dinner I tried their 1/2 ribs, which were delectable, moist and delicious. I also love their homemade donuts and bloody ceaser. Just delicious! For breakfast in tried the Israeli favorite, the shashouka. Just yum. I have a big appetite so next time I'm trying the prohibition. Just try it out and be sure to make reservations!
4	I visited Prohibition with my lovely boyfriend on Easter brunch. Let me start off by admitting how hard it is for me to find a good brunch spot as my man hates brunch. I was putting a lot of hope in this place since I knew by looking up the menu before going that it was more than your regular fare. Happy to say I wasn't disappointed!!! Everything looked and tasted delicious. We ordered the challah & fried chicken and the huevos rancheros. I was surprised at how moist the chicken was and how my cup of coffee was always being refilled. Although the food was great and the prices were fair (avg. $14/plate on the menu including coffee) I gave this 4 stars because the serving size were irregular. Let me explain, my plate had 2 pieces of fried chicken and 3 gigantic slices of challah French toast while the boyfriend's plate looked small in comparison. Same thing for the pancake plate on the table next to me, relatively small compared to my huge portion. We actually ended up splitting my plate in half because I couldn't eat it all and the huevos rancheros left my man hungry. If you have a big appetite, maybe get something else or a side order.
4	This trendy little basement restaurant has a vibe all of its own. Its kind or vintage meets contemporary, hipster. The food is great I got the French toast as it was the house staple. I do how ever think they skimped out on the chicken though. One small thigh is all I got. I would have also preferred them to have fresh juice.The service was great. But if you are going to go for brunch be ready to wait.
3	One of the breakfast places that's take reservations. Small place nice ambiance. I didn't love my experience only because my coffee was horrible. I ordered the huevos rancheros and the corn tortilla was stale. They also don't modify their dishes. ( I had asked that the egg be poached instead of fried) my friend had the Bulgarian Benedict which she loved. It seems popular just not for me.
5	Great brunch on Sunday highly recommend it, atmosphere is loud but it's a great place to take your family or meet friends.  Try to get there before 11 and make a reservation to avoid waiting.  The service was friendly and efficient.
3	C'est un peu decu que nous sommes sortis du Prohibition. Les plats y sont certes bons mais cela manque un peu... de quelque chose. Les assiettes sont assez peu garnis pour le prix finalement : 2 grains de raisin, un quart d'orange et pas une feuille de salade, portion un peu petite. Bref pas un coup de coeur. Dommage pour moi :)
4	Great food and service. Went for brunch so it was packed but got a place almost immediately. Only thing was food took a while to get our order. Worth the wait though.
5	Awesome service, great food and hip location makes Prohibition one of my favorites in Montreal. I've had 3 meals here in the past two days and came away full and very satisfied with the overall experience. Also, they have a great drinks and cocktail menu also.  I can't say enough good things about Prohibition. Do yourself a huge favor and experience it for yourself. I met the owner and must say he was very personable and remembered what we talked about the previous night. A+
2	Had the fried chicken and waffles.  The food was decent but the portions are strange.  The chicken piece is very small compared to the french toast, which takes up about 75% of the meal.  I ended up leaving most of the french toast uneaten...it got kinda boring after a while with no other meal complement.  Some extra fruit would have been nice.Aside from the decent food, the service was pretty horrible.  The waitress got my drink order wrong, never checked up on us, and was impossible to flag down.  All the wait staff I dealt with were very curt and unaccommodating.  I also saw them get neighboring tables' orders wrong.  Plenty of other places in the area to eat.
5	Excellent spot, service is friendly and fast, great ambiance.Matt, the owner, is behind the bar, he makes this place stand out. And make sure to try the fries, they are exquisite!
3	While they are now open for Dinner, I think they should stick to Brunch/Breakfast.  We started with the Salmon gravlax on a crostini with a dill cream cheese spread.  The salmon did not taste fresh and the crostini was stale.  For dinner, I had the Jambalaya.  Not very exciting.  The shrimp looked small and sad.  My companion had the steak frites which was lukewarm.  Overall, I was alittle disappointed.  Will stick to their brunch menu only now which I remembered was very good.
4	My coworker and I split the Kale salad to start and it was delicious and fresh as was the complimentary bread at the start of the meal. He had the daily special which was the roti with plantain and it was lovely! Seasoned perfectly with a bit of a kick to it and the meat was very tender. I had the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was delicious and cooked really well but the waffles I found to be too heavy and oily. I couldn't even finish my meal because it was all very heavy and deep fried (which was expected) but still a bit too much for me. The service was friendly and attentive. Worth the visit and I do hope the roti special becomes a menu item, I would definitely return for that and the kale salad.
3	The challah French toast with fried chicken is amazing...until you come back. I've been there three times already, always asking for the same plate because I loved it. Then I have felt disappointed by how the chicken has shrunk from one time to the next.
3	The food is not surprising.  We ordered the  french toast since they seem quite famous in this restaurant.  But actually I don't like it so much. They are not cooked like the normal french toast, I think they are deep fried like donut which make them very greasy.  And they fried chicken to go with it tastes good but also very greasy.My husband ordered huevos rancheros.  Taste is normal.  No surprising.  Won't go back again.
5	It was delicious, a great breakfast place. The ambiance was also really good. It has a small menu but everything good can't really go wrong. Also the Grog breakfast drink is great option. A must try, also recommend heading with time to kill or making a reservation. It's small place so there is a wait time.
1	Went to Prohibition for Sunday brunch. I ordered the eggs benedict. The taste was strange and i was finished in about 2 minutes flat. Now I'm already thinking about lunch because I'm still hungry.On a side note, the chairs were uncomfortable and the noise level unpleasant. I would avoid this place unless you're looking for strange food and poor service.
5	Happy to have found this gem on Yelp! First timers in Montreal. Great location. Warm inviting intimate ambience with delicious food and hearty cocktails. And great service from Carla. What else do you want?
5	A perfect destination the morning after enjoying Montreal's nightlife. Ordered the pancakes, fried chicken and French toast & breakfast pontine. Everything was amazing and the owner was a great guy. The bartender recommended a recovery cocktail that was delicious and needles to say we started drinking again. This is a must try when visiting Montreal!!  It's a few minutes by cab out of the city area.
4	I've heard a lot about Prohibition but since I rarely find myself in NDG I only recently checked it out.  The only regret I have is not trying this restaurant sooner.  They take classic brunch food and take it up a notch.I opted for the lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote.  They came with a side of candied bacon.  Also this was a minor detail but the size of the pancakes was all over the place.   Some were small while others were large.  I have to admit that I found it kind of odd.  The pancakes were fluffy though and the lemon and blueberry balanced each other quite well.  I am docking a star because the service was a little slow.  We did have a bit of a wait before we finally got our food.  Apart from that though I did enjoy it here and would want to come back to try more of their items.
5	Super friendly busy little joint.Had an amazing brunch. Really great service and all the dishes we ordered were a) a bit odd and b) delicious. The Shakshuka was my personal stand-out favourite. I could eat that every morning. Highly recommended
4	Loved the Bulgarian eggs Benedict but not enough bread which they charge for. Otherwise their well edited menu is well executed.
4	I have been here for three times. never get disappointed by the food. the fried chicken is a must try.
5	This place is awesome. Great food, amazing service. Will be back most certainly. Counting down the days!
4	One of the better brunch spots in MTL. I would avoid the ouevos rancheros, but other than that you can't go wrong. Good vibes. I'd go in. 4-man or less group. Anything more and you may be waiting a little while.
4	This place is fantastic if you are celiac or gluten intolerant.  Lots of their dishes are made to be gluten-free regardless.  For instance, you can't tell a difference with their pancakes, but they're safe for celiacs. No wheat flour!Their mimosas were a little steep ($9 for a single) for someone who has done brunch in Brooklyn.  Clearly they make a lot of their cash off their alcohol menu.My boyfriend got the shakshuka, which we are going to recreate at home because it looked absolutely fantastic.  He loved it!The price point here is reasonable and the service is decent as well.  Come here with an empty belly and the expectation to be satisfied!
4	Creative menu, well composed plates.The only down side it's the size and noise of the place but nothing that can't be overlooked to enjoy the quality of the food here.
