5	Woohoo....my daughter & I's favorite hang out place. Great place to spend quality time. We spend the entire day just painting away. You see we're both perfectionists, we select a nice piece to work with and we'll spend hours and hours perfecting our masterpiece. This is definitely a special place for us. Two thumbs up on this one!!
4	I was introduced to this shop by a friend of mine.  She comes almost every "ladies night" (thursdays).  As of 6pm everyone under 21 and men are kicked out.  It is an absolute blast!The store offers paint it yourself pottery.  The shop provides everything you need.  Space, paints, brushes, ideas and assistance.  The women who run this shop are hilarious.  They have a great relationship with their customers (regulars especially) and their back-and-forth banter is entertaining.  They are always willing to help and answer any questions you may have.You choose a piece, paint it and leave it.  They fire it for you and it is ready for pickup within days.I highly recommend this shop for kids parties, a relaxing hobby - or just a night out with your friends.
5	this place is quite possibly the best pottery place in existence. i have been to alot of pottery places in las vegas and Henderson and all fired up stands alone. their selection of pieces is huge and if they don't have it they will order it. the amount of stencils, books of ideas, sponges, and supplies are tops. the ideas that adorn their walls are great. the staff make you feel like one of the family from helpful hints to compliments i cant get enough of them. this place is out standing and i recommend it to anyone from beginner to expert.
5	this is by far the best pottery painting studio.  My daughter and I have been painting with them through three locations.  It is one of our very favorite places to spend time together, only wish is that we had more time to be there.They're always friendly and will help with what ever you or your little one might need.  I tell everyone, go here, don't even bother with the other ceramic studios around. Tried them, this is the best!!
5	Ladies night is fun, but I like to go with a smaller group of friends and take our time. My kids are too young to bring and paint, but I will definitely bring them when they are older :-) I love Jackie and Gayle. They are always willing to help finish projects and give ideas when I am stumped. I will go back again and again!
5	I have been to this place many times with my son (4 years old) Very friendly staff & good prices. We will return again soon !
4	I can't believe I forgot to review this place!I went in last November to make a Christmas present for my parents. They wanted a new address sign for their house, but I couldn't find anything that would go with their house (and anything that came close was out of my budget). So, in true Kyla style, I decided I could do it myself.I walked in with a very specific idea and knew what I wanted. I just needed someone to point me in the right direction. It took a little bit of time for an employee to notice me and get me on my way, but once I was, it was great! It took me five hours to complete my 4 tiles, but I was never bothered. A week or so later, I went back to pick up my finished, fired tiles. They came out awesome!A tip: you can stop painting before you're finished and come back another day to complete your piece. This place is definitely kid-friendly. I think the average time you'll have to wait to pick up your piece is maybe a week(?), but it will be longer during November/December.
5	I LOVE the new location!  It's in a more centralized part of the valley, and easier to access (for me at least :)  )I still love this store.  One of my favorite places to hang out.
5	I am loving the new location!!! Not too much of a change from the Eastern location.  Plus you have a great view of the planes landing if standing outside.  I have been attending ladies night on Thursday nights for almost 2.5 years now and always have a blast.  Gail and Jackie provide a fun and open creative environment to hangout relax and get a little crafty as well.
5	What a fun place!  Upon walking into the studio, you see all the pieces lined up on the right and you immediately want to just pick each one up for a closer look, but you can't and you shouldn't because the oils from your fingers does something to the unpainted pottery.  I took my goddaughter and friend's daughter here.  Both are around 5 years old, so I was a little worried it might be too advanced for them, but the lady who was working (I can't remember her name but maybe it was Gail?) was so friendly and helpful, I really didn't have to do anything but supervise.  The two girls picked out their pieces, then the lady went over everything with them and helped them pick their paint and get them set to start painting.  Once they were done, she helped them with some of the small details like eyes and painting their names on their pieces.  We had a ton of fun and the girls did a great job at painting.  The only downside is that you have to leave your pieces there and pick them up at a later date, but that's okay. it just prolongs the gratification for the girls of having created something. Each piece was about $16, and they don't charge any studio fees.  They provide everything you need so we only spent about $32 total.  It was definitely worth it.
5	This was our first time painting pottery & we chose All Fired Up because of the great Yelp reviews & it didn't disappoint! My family & I had a great time choosing our pieces from the tons of options. The staff member walked us through each step & got us set up to work. We had a blast with all the colors, stencils & stamps. They even helped my kiddos with their technique & helpful hints to improve their pieces. I can't wait to see the final product after they have been fired.
5	Love this place! My mother and I come here to get our paint on! The people who work here are very friendly and like to give suggestions. There's plenty of stencils and paintbrushes and even idea books to go around! Kids have lots to do, and artistic people can take their leisurely time. If you start painting something impressive, you'll be sure to get plenty of compliments from the employees and other painters! Plenty of options, very friendly, great place for families and friends!
