4	Fun men's clothing store in the Forum.  The jackets were awesome (crazy patterns in valuer) but also ridiculous ($250 each).
4	High Priced?You bet...High Style?  Hell yes...High while shopping?  Not this time, but did have a few cocktails in me from the Mirage Casino next door...so that always helps make looking at "sale" prices that are still above $200 for a shirt a little bit less vomit inducing.Anyway, I didn't buy anything, but everything that I wrote in my review of the Ted Baker shop in Costa Mesa still stands.Great service...great clothes...and yes...free cocktails.I'll be back...next time I hope to win enough to buy a jacket!
5	Ok, I know that they have a locale in my hometown in SF, but I've only been to the one at Caesar's in Las Vegas.It is pricey, but it is oh so trendy.  My girlfriend bought a dress there and it looks AWESOME on her.  I intend to go to the SF location soon to buy some stuff for myself.Anyway, when she was trying on the dress, I was getting a little bored (you know how much guys hate shopping).  The attendant noticed that and offered me a beer and her a martini.  How cool is that, in that they're not only an uber-trendy fashion store, but a bar as well?  I'm definitely coming back there.
5	love Ted Baker.....I love the one at home(SF) but I really had fun while I was there in Vegas.  Maybe it was because I had a few drinks in me?  I was there during their sale and managed to pick up a few things.  They had a great selection of clothes, but the selection of sizes was ok.  But like at all the Ted Baker's that I have ever been to, the staff was really nice and friendly.  Love you ted!*************UPDATE***************Thanks Michael for taking care of me!!!!  I would love to give you more stars!!!
5	I LOVE Ted Baker.  I usually shop the Santana Row location where I always experience spectacular service (they offer me beverages and on my very first visit gave me ted baker condoms and a mini slinky which was funny because I had no idea what they had given me until I got home). Ted Baker Vegas, located in the new section of the Caesar's Forum Shops,  was having a sale.  I wanted to buy everything.  I love the clothes, I love the way they fit and LOVE the way they wear.  They could easily bankrupt me.  I've even got my husband warming up to their men's clothes.Every single person working in this store was fun, friendly and easy to talk to and extremely helpful (I think there were 4 of them there when we went in).  Talk about an amazing shopping experience.About the sizing - they use a 1-4 scale (some items use the standard XS-L sizing) for sizing which takes some getting used to, but can definitely be a stroke to the ego when you want to look at a smaller number on your size tag.
4	boots.I like his boots...
5	as with any other ted baker shops, they have a great selection of men's pants and shirts. but the service here was more excellent. i felt like i had a private fashion assistant/advisor. even better, she was pretty cute.  free martini to cool off the vegas heat was nice too.
3	This store was so fun.  I was sad that all the dresses were a couple hundred dollars and didn't go above size 4, but they were still pretty enough to entertain me as my husband practically exploded with love for all the fashion here.Of course, the prices for menswear are similarly outrageous, but god, such cool clothes for both men and women.  Loved this store, the free sapphire gin martinis, the lovely sales staff that made them, and the tiny car-shaped cuff links.  Such a great fall line!
5	Ted Baker makes the coolest guycessories ever.  Need a funktastic tie or cufflinks for that special night out?Not just that, but man this store is funky cool in it's own right. Honestly the pricing of Ted Baker stuff is marginally lower at other retailers, you might as well come here and experience the glitsy kitschy decor and wonderful top notch service.
5	Ted Baker is great fun.  He has a terrific sense of humor.  I love the window dressings and store displays.  The jacket liners and other details will catch you off guard and make you crack a smile as well.  You have to be cautious if you are a straight man shopping here or dressing a straight man here as I will be in preparations for an upcoming outing at Blush.  You can easily get caught up in things and end up with a look that is misconstrued.  I adore the ladies wear and have a few pieces from this store which I have made good use of.  The stitching is high quality and the extra details such as a sewn in engraved gemstone on a shirt and a charm like chain on the hem of a shirt make certain pieces more memorable.  Fairly priced for the quality, service and design.
5	A favorite store of mine, I really like the girls dresses they do, not for myself but for the girls ;) I have a couple of their shirts, nice quality, good fit and fun style. (:
5	I caught a great sale here in January.  (yes they do have sales apparently)   I bought some jeans and some shirts at 50% off the prices I paid a month before at the Dallas Ted Baker store where I had my first Ted Baker experience complete with 3 Tedtini's, a huge bill, a fabulous new scarf, and extra care from Rachael the store manager.  But hey, I love not paying full price if I don't have to and the selection at the Forum Ted Baker was great too.I skipped the Tedtini's and left them for my shopping companion while I modeled my new bargains and ran up a bill.  Too bad Theory next door didn't have a sale too!
5	the clothing here is flawless. i want one of each!
5	They are having an up to 50% off sale right now.  They usually wait till after Christmas to have their big annual sale.  This is the first time in their twenty-six year history  they have had it this early.  I got some great deals on some shirts that I had passed over at full price back in October.  I love Ted's clothes and getting them at half price is a great early Christmas present.
5	This store is one of my favorite places to shop. and I get to see the beautiful atrium at the Forum shops. And afterwards i stop at one of the best sushi places in town.Today is a good day !
4	You have to go just to see the window art
5	I LOVE Ted Baker - and this store is no exception.  Conveniently located in the Caesar's shopping center, it is a great location.  The service was fantastic, they even went to the back to get me a size on a dress I wanted.  I got an amazing dress on sale here + my husband got an awesome sweater here.  Great style!  Great store!
5	Some of my faovite clothes come from TB. If you can shell out the cash, TB will make sure you have a sauve look. Their sport jackets are the absolute best. If you love sport jackets, you might want to think twice about looking at TB's collection, as you will never find another brand adequate again.
4	My sister introduced me to Ted, and while I am not a good fit for his clothes, my Stephen is.  Its not a cheap store, about $148 for a short sleeved button down shirt, but the fabric is so nice, and the designs are very european.  I AM Disappointed that they didn't have any TedTini cocktails.  I specifially asked the sales guy can I have a cocktail (or water) and he replied they didn't have any.  REALLY??? Are you sure?  I told him "I'm very thirsty" and just spent $500 on 3 shirts.NADA! The guy said they only offer cocktails when there's a special event.  Hmmm, reading older yelp reveiws, I wonder if they stopped offering drinks, or  its just this location?  Really?  I'm disappointed, because other Ted locations offer beer, cocktails, and drinks... I do like this location because its bright and airy, and in the more quiet part of the Forum Shops.  Its brighter than South Coast Plaza (which is TOO dark) and there's plenty of dressing rooms and the sales staff is friendly.
4	While not Chicago-grade, this certainly isn't no slouch either (chicago has 2 floors of men's goodies).  Surprisingly, a good choice of sale selection, up to 60% off, picked up a dress shirt, regular-price $155, now $62.  Just love the low sales tax here lol.Lots of comfortable seating while waiting around for the missus.Minor beef are the lousy, cramped changing rooms, with no locks.
5	Amazing staff!! Very patient with my mom and I. They gave us honest opinions on things we were trying on (no commission).  They have clothing that the other store in LV doesn't have. If you're looking to shop at Ted this is the location to go, ask for Abe he has great style advice.
5	Very trendy clothes. I got a quilt jacket, mens shirt, sweater and a handbag for under $500. Great Black Friday deal.
1	Worst ted baker shopping experience ever, there's a sales guy with weird hair, he is super rude!
