1	if i could gve a negative score for dietary i would!!my wasfather admitted in rehab, cannot take anything by mouth and gets tube feeds via PEG and they run out of the tube feeds he is getting! all day, only got 1 tube feeding and cant even speak to any dietician to explain situation or tell us what they are doing about this! it would hav been okay if he is eating by mouth too, but tube feeding is his only source of nutrition and they cant even provide it!!! worst hospital iv been too!
1	Took my 5 year old daughter here for trouble breathing.Dr Gohwari was the ER doctor and didn't even listen to myself or my daughter as to our concerns for bringing her there.It was as if he had already diagnosed her before we even spoke to him.He and his nurse Paul were very pompous in attitude and thought they walked on water you could tell.Bottom line if I hadn't requested he actually check her airways he would have sent us home with nothing but a breathing treatment and some pepcid, but luckily they took a chest xray and found bronchitis.Several days later we found out she had an Autonomic Seizure and because he wouldn't listen to us he missed it.She has epilepsy already but never had a seizure like that before and I tried to explain that to him and tell him I was confused as to what I had seen but he was too busy and important to hear me.Then a female nurse came out to the waiting room to let me know if I wasn't happy I could take my daughter to another hospital with a pediatric ER.Hmmmm I kinda thought if my daughter wasn't breathing well I could go to the closest ER for help but I guess not.Any way if you have a choice I wouldn't take my child there if I were you and if you have to try not to get him as a doctor.We wrote a more detailed letter to the Nevada Medical Board.
5	REVIEW OF THE GIFT SHOP: The store is packed with cute things you won't be able to find anywhere else. Collectible Disney figurines, precious stuffed animals, travel goods, etc. The gift shop is worth the trip to the hospital! If you are looking for something specific, the hospital volunteers are always available by phone to help you out. Items can even be purchased over the phone if you are trying to send something to a patient in the hospital. The flowers are fresh and can be sent up to the rooms as well. The flower prices are significantly lower than ordering from an outside vendor! Gift-wrapping is available.
