3	We visited Alpha Mill as a potential place to live upon moving to Charlotte. I have to say, I loved everything about this place from the units to the kid who showed them to us. It used to be a cotton mill, so it has that old and homely feeling to it. I LOVED the exposed brick on the walls in some of the apartments. This place had a great feel to it. We looked at the loft apartments, and these floorplans were pretty unique with different shaped rooms and spacious master bedrooms. In the long run we didn't choose Alpha Mill, but pretty much solely based on the fact that it was a bit far from where we wanted to be. It was a hike from uptown. If that doesn't matter to you, you should check this place out.
5	We lived here when we first moved to Charlotte (moved out May '08). We loved it there. The walk to Uptown isn't bad, although not recommended alone late at night. i recommend walking down Brevard as opposed to the other options (less bums congregate under this overpass). We always walked downtown all the time, our running route was around Uptown.The pool is awesome, can get kind of busy on the weekends and you will definitely get the frat feel from it. The grills are great, the trash pickup was great. i loved drinking with the city view from the rooftop areas.  Everything was pretty great. If we could have bought here (and they had a slightly bigger option) as condos, we probably would have.
5	This is my new home for 2011 - liking it so far!
5	Best balcony in the city. Though I don't live here myself, the shared balcony has an amazing view. Great for an outdoor dinner, wine night, or happy hour.
3	While the mill building is super cool, this area suffers from a problem of being located in what I call "neither here nor there". When I look for apartments, I look for a place where I can walk out of my building and find bars and restaurants within a walkable distance. This place is located close to a lot of great bars and restaurants; however, they're not walkable and require you to drive there.The other thing to remember about this place is that unless you're living in the mill building, all the other buildings are recent construction and look like any other apartment complex. The mill building is cool with exposed brick and old giant factory windows.
4	I've lived in Alpha Mill for over a year now.  There are a great many reasons we love it here and a few things we'd love to see change or improve.First, if you're one of those "young professionals" who want to have loud parties by the pool every week-end, please look elsewhere for your domicile.  You are not welcome here.  Our neighbors work hard and should be able to enjoy the amenities they pay for without 35 of your frat brothers playing corn-hole until three AM.  Thankfully, the management company has figured out who these jerks are and has begun to fine them and evict them.Second, we would really love to have a few shops close by or at least on site dry cleaning, coffee shop and maybe a newsstand (I can't subscribe to the paper because the delivery people can't get through the security gates).  Those are the conveniences we miss from a true urban neighborhood.  Fortunately, 7th St. Market is beginning to pick-up and is just a short walk away, so we can deal with a four block walk.Third, parking is tight.  We often see people parked in handicapped spaces without the proper decals.  This drives my husband insane since he spent 15+ years working with the disabled and knows what a nightmare it is for them to have to try and navigate most parking areas firsthand.  Again, management is dealing with this, by tightly regulating guest parking.Those are the negatives and they're out of the way.  Now for the positives which are many!Excellent location if you work in Uptown or want to drive just about anywhere in the city since we're just off of 277.Gorgeous loft apartments in the historic mill.  We have 22' ceilings, exposed brick, tons of space and light... love it!Very pet friendly with two dog parks and plenty of clean-up stations.Excellent amenities with a huge pool, outdoor grills and fireplace, two roof decks, exercise room and clubhouse.Extremely responsive, friendly and polite management and maintenance staff.  This team is really concerned with making this a great community and even just hosted a fundraiser for a bunch of local non-profit organizations for the community holiday bash.Great neighbors!  We've made some really good friends here and enjoy hanging out with people just down the hall or across the complex.  Most are hard working and enjoy the privacy and convenience Alpha Mill offers.In addition to the easy walk to Uptown, Alpha Mill will soon be really easily accessible to public transportation as the new Lync line is going in just a block away.  There's lots of new development in the neighborhood and the complex is expanding - adding almost 100 more luxury units on 12th and N. Brevard (with lots of additional parking I'm told!).So, Alpha Mill yea or nea?  Strong Yea here!  We've often said we wished they were a coop or condo so we could buy, but for now, we're staying put.
3	The floor plans in the mills are awesome and definitely unique with exposed brick and high ceilings. I have lived here for some time now and have grown rather attached to my apartment. However, if you have outgrown late night frat parties by the pool on week nights, chugging beer through a funnel, and the need to scream "Woo Hoo!!"  at the top of your lungs from the rooftop at 3am, then this place isn't for you. It's basically a congested dorm oozing with overgrown frat kids who puke on the sidewalk.
4	I absolutely love the 2 bedroom loft apartment with the character of the exposed beams, brick, concrete floors, and amazing natural light. But here's what you may not see on your tour and find once you move in: trains coming and going at all hours of the day and night. I don't just mean you may be inconvenienced by the road being closed for a train to cross through, I mean loud, ceaseless honking as the train crosses the road right behind the complex. Also, storage is at a premium as there are no drawers in the bathrooms and only under sink cabinets and small closets. The management staff has been great with all my interactions with them and the valet trash is a nice change since I've never had it before. The walls and windows are really thin though and you can hear everyone walking by outside, especially late at night after a Panthers game. The new Lynx stop is going in right next door and expected to open December 2015 which will make this a much more attractive area and hopefully bring some more walkable attractions. While 7th street market isn't too far, it'd be nice to have some walkable amenities. I love the apartment itself, but there is definitely room for improvement in terms of the surrounding area and noise control.
