5	Marco took quite a bit of time and care to lay out and install a front and back sprinkler system with drip component to all plants.  I called several companies and chose D &L because they were more willing to work with the plan than others.  The yard and landscape was demolished due to lack of attention over the preceding couple years or so.  (Foreclosure) Now it is the best yard in the neighborhood.  As I decide on what plans I have in the future I will definitely contact Marco.
1	Would not recommend this business to my worst enemy. I don't think a 1 is even low enough. He did not finish the job, made a quote and then kept wanting more money. Borrowed OUR trailer and hauled OUR pavers to ANOTHER job and then never came back to finish because he called wanting more money so he was fired at that point. He did not respond to e-mails about how he could possibly treat an 86-year old man this way and there was never a response. Not recommended! Matt B.
1	Do I have to give a star? Marco was the most unprofessional contractor I have ever dealt with. We hired him and his team to landscape our backyard. Nothing too crazy,  just some grass, a brick border, gravel, and a new sprinkling system. He quoted us a fair price.  It started out that he didn't even start on the day he said he would. Then he dropped off the sod and didn't even lay it until a week or so later. The brickwork was sloppy and not even cemented in place, the sod was brown, our yard hadn't been leveled so water pooled, the sprinkling system hadn't been replaced, he damaged the side of our house and our block wall with his machinery and denied it... I could go on.   When my husband told him he was going to file a claim against him, he showed up at our house,  pounding on our door. He and my husband argued and he had the audacity to essentially say that if we had wanted it done well, we should have paid more!  In the end, he sent the other contractor in the company to fix the job. It still isn't perfect, but at least we don't ever have to deal with this company again.    In the end, I wish we had gone with Farmer Juan. He did the backyard at our old house and it looked great. The job only took 3 days, where as with D&L, we had them in our backyard for close to three weeks for the same amount of work.
1	**WARNING BAD CONTRACTOR**Not only is Marco the worst contractor I have ever dealt with, he also kept trying getting more money for everything we had already agreed on. He was unprofessional, incompitent, constantly late or no showing and tried to blame me for everthing he screwed up.The whole job was completed and looked like hell. The bricks were just laid on the ground instead of cemented in so they were uneven, loose and sinking into yard. The sod had sat in rolls for 6 days so you can imagine how that looked. The yard was a bog because he didn't level and grade it correctly.  And to top it off he damaged my house and brick walls with his bobcat. After I saw how poorly the job was done I threatened to file a claim against his bond with the Register of Contractors and he came over pounding on my door. He literally told me that if I wanted the job done right I should have paid him more needless to say I lost it. After a heated exchange I wrote an amended contract for all the things he would need to fix and he signed it.He had his Mesa crew chief come out and in one day with a full crew and they fixed his terrible job. This guy was good on his word and the backyard is... acceptable. The rocks are still not evenly spread but by this point I just wanted them gone. A job that should have taken 2-3 days had taken over 2 weeks and a good portion of my sanity.Word to the wise. DO NOT HIRE THIS COMPANY.
1	Don't use this guy.... They started out great but screwed up my sprinklers and  left my yard a mess and worst of all he took over 60sf of pavers that were left over! Could never get him to call me back...
5	Is uncommon to have the courage to stand in my backyard to clean and improve my house. Today was hotter than 106'. There was a crew of three soldiers battling the weeds and overgrown trees. Marco was directing by example and ready to explain to me the vision he has for my BBQ Island. I am so excited about the project! My neighbors are already planning the opening day's tailgating party in my backyard. I hope they plan to bring lobster tails with them. More to come as construction continues.
