5	My favorite place to get a manicure and pedicure.  I come here about every 3 weeks as I get the gel manicure.  They do a fantastic job and they are friendly.  The pedicure always feels great and they don't skimp out.  They recently got all new spa chairs and they are wonderful.  Highly recommend.
5	I love this place.  I see Jenny for nails and pedi's.  Always clean and my nails last a while.  Cindy is the owner and does a fantastic job as well.  They are always very professional and truly want to make their customers happy.  The recent addition of all new chairs is really nice. Pretty comfy!  They do waxing, manis, pedis, gel and acrylic nails.  I recommend them to everyone!
2	UPDATE: initially I really liked this place because it was local and professional but I was really disappointed today. Don't come on a Saturday bc they can't handle the amount of people that walk in- she totally rushed me! I was going to do the $30 deluxe pedi and a $30 gel manicure - but when she ruined my pedicure, I cancelled the mani. I'm fully capable of cutting my nails, putting lotion on my legs and painting them- I pay $30 to have a relaxing experience... I even mentioned to her that I was unhappy with the service but she didn't seem to care. Then when I left a $2 tip- not that I needed to- she actually complained to other customers as I was walking out... What a disappointment.
5	Small quaint place, clean and nice. If they had a few tv's that would of been better. They did a good job on both mine and my sisters pedi, they were meticulous. Definitely recommend this place if you're in this area of town.
1	I went in today to get a full set of gel nails, wanted them to look natural and simple with polish over the top. What I got was a really poorly done set that looks like it needs to be filled and it has only been 2 hours since I got them done. The gel and polish do not even cover the entire nail. I mention to the lady that it was gapping she kept saying no I wont notice or it will be okay. Also I kept saying I wanted them thin and natural, they look like really cheap acrylics. Very UNHAPPY! Need to find time to get these soaked off and find a place that can do a proper job.
