5	Classic family owned Chinese restaurant.  The food here is quite tasty (make sure you try the Tossed Chicken Salad and Amlee Beef!).  The service was friendly and they have a full bar available as well.  The decor has a slight throwback to the 80's (bi-color neon across the ceiling), and is definitely unique.
5	I have to give this 5 stars cause its where my cuz had his wedding rehersal and his wedding gift.....   ;-)Happy anniversary cuz!Other than that, I dont remember how the food was, but Im sure it was good! Kampai!
3	I am going to have to give my dad credit here. He found AmLee when he was working on Sunset, and we have been going back ever since. The restaurant is furnished with the traditional Chinese dcor; tapestries, statues, and pretty tablecloths. The only difference is that the food is amazing. The chicken is fresh and juicy, not the usual chewy stuff. The soups are all prepared fresh as well, and the fish dishes are prepared with care. The restaurant is never full, and around lunch time, it is a quick pick for a midday break . If you are in the area and looking for good Chinese, AmLee is the best option aroundRecommended entre: Any of the chicken entres are my choice.Recommended company: Anyone really.
3	This place serves tasty food, but I think some of the meals are overpriced.   My friend raved over her eggdrop soup, and my won ton soup was flavorful. I've been here twice and the entrees have been good. I have no complaints about service; the last time I went a mistake on our bill was quickly fixed with a smile by the server who made the error.  Although this isn't the first spot that will come to mind if I want to take friends out for Chinese food, it's someplace I would return to for my lunch break if I have a few extra dollars.
5	Honestly, some of the best Chinese food in town. The staff is unbelievably attentive and conscientious. Their sweet and sour anything, potstickers, Mongolian beef, and spicy chicken are deeeliciousness on a plate! The portions are on the medium-large side and the lunch specials unbeatable. No, it's not Chopstix prices but it's not Chopstix food either. I highly recommend this place and I'm super picky about cleanliness and freshness of ingredients.
3	Amlee is a beautiful and clean Chinese food restaurant.  As soon as you walk in, you can tell that's its in a different league altogether from those hole-in-the-wall places.  The service is attentive and efficient, and also quite polite.  The food was prepared quickly.  The restaurant has a lot of white and on the whole seemed airy and open, with nice table cloths and red cloth napkins.  It had the makings of a fine-dining restaurant.  The food, on the other hand, was just okay.  It was not particularly amazing, and you could tell that they did not eschew the use of MSG to pump up the flavor of their dishes.  The chicken was soft and tender, and not dry and chewy like other restaurants, and the shrimp was plumb and fresh.  It was just a little bland, that's all.  A bit of soy sauce would help this, as would some salt and pepper, but you have to specifically ask for it, because they not placed on the table (takes away from the atmosphere, I'd guess).  Last word will be on the prices.  You're paying a lot more here than you would at most Chinese places.  Chow mein for $12?  At lunch time, even?  It's a little steep.  The beef was also good and soft, but didn't jump out at me as being the best.  I'd give it a shot, but I can't give it the top rating.
4	This place is Awesome!  Great 'old school' decor in the restaurant, very pretty & everyone was sooo friendly and attentive.  Great menu, a liitle pricey, but they do have a reasonably priced full bar w/ a great Mai Tai! Definately coming back :)
3	I ate here for the first time last night.  The restaurant is clean and well lit with a friendly wait staff.  I felt that it was a little too stark.  Nonetheless, it was clean and neat as a pin.  The staff is great.I had the hot and sour soup with some lettuce wraps.  The first thing I'll say is that if you are alone, this is probably not the best dinner spot unless you are content to order off of the appetizer menu as I did.  I found it to be quite expensive.  For instance, my dinner which consisted of about 16 oz of soup, a takeout container of lettuce and a takeout container of chicken and rice with hoisin sauce was nearly $20.  Their lunch menu seems to be far more reasonable in price.  Even though I am on an expense account, I still look for good value.The hot and sour soup was ok.  I have certainly had better.  The lettuce wraps, however were out of this world.  I might go back for those alone or have them as a lunchtime meal.To sum up, points off for price-value but points added for quality of the entree.  It is certainly worth your time to check out.
1	RIDICULOUSLY OVERPRICED!!!!You can go to Panda Express RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET, get 3X more AND pay less. Seriously, chow mein for $12 that comes in a little to-go box?! HIGHWAY ROBBERY! and it didn't even taste THAT GREAT! I got home and realized they didn't even pack utensils or a napkin. Miffed... I should have known when I took a look at their to go menu.
3	Great atmosphere, fine food, TERRIBLE PRICES.I went to this restaurant at the insistence of my girlfriend, who loves Chinese food. Yes, I'm a pushover and I take her pretty much anywhere she wants to go.I figured, "why not?" I'll give it a whirl. Upon walking in, the atmosphere is incredible. It has a higher class appearance than other dining establishments of its kind. They really went the extra mile to make a nice-looking restaurant, with no annoyances or distractions. Like most other Chinese restaurants around town, this one does have delivery and take-out options.The menu has a ton of options, and nearly everything I have had a chance to try here has been very good. Not the best Chinese in the Vegas Valley, but it's definitely good stuff. If you're a fan of Chinese food, you'll most likely enjoy what you get. This brings me to my two complaints. First and foremost, the menu does not have pictures of the items or descriptions of them. Casual diners won't know what a good deal of this stuff means. I shouldn't have to ask the waitress what something is - the menu should tell me that. And then comes the BIG complaint - these prices are SKY HIGH. This is the most expensive Chinese restaurant I have ever visited. The food and atmosphere are excellent, but they do not justify said prices. There have been times when I have been able to feed a family of 3 or 4 at Outback (down the street) on less money than it costs 2 to eat here. If you've got the money, Amlee has fine food and a great atmosphere. But with these harsh economic times and a shortage of cash in my pocket, I'll be keeping my distance.Food: BService: B+Atmosphere: APrices too high
4	Affordable prices tend to be associated with Chinese food; however, this is not the case at Amlee Chinese Cuisine. If it weren't for their ridiculously expensive prices, I would definitely come here more often because I find it quite challenging to find delicious Chinese food in the Las Vegas area.They put a twist in some of their dishes. Some of their menu items go beyond the traditional Chinese food items. For instance, their duck isn't prepared roasted or peking style; it's breaded. The sauce that comes with the duck is so so good; sweet and tangy and NOT hoisen sauce which made it a great compliment for this dish. I kind of feel that their food leans toward a more Americanized palate rather than OG Chinese, which, don't get me wrong, isn't bad. I'm not sure what their specialties leaned more toward since I'm not very knowledgeable on the difference between cantonese/mandarin dishes, but their quality is superb. Everytime I've had the opportunity to dine in, it hasn't been busy. I don't want this place to go out of business because it's one of the few Chinese places in the valley I would dine at. Maybe it's their location and prices that deter people from coming but I hope that the service and food, at least their food, will outweigh their prices.Great place to dine in and at least this isn't the most expensive Chinese food joint, with similar quality and flair that I've had the pleasure of dining it.
5	Unfortunately for most Chinese restaurants around the US, Amlee is the gold standard for me. I was raised on their menu back when this place was first known as Chin-Chin's when it opened in 1975, in what I believe was an old Arby's storefront, by Tola Chin and his brother. This restaurant eventually outgrew this space and moved into a brand-new location, I believe on Flamingo Road near Eastern, becoming Chin's. At one point they had three different locations. Once Tola and his brother retired, Amlee, who had worked with Tola for years, took over and continued the tradition, pretty much keeping the same menu. The quality is still of the same high standard it's been from the start of this gem.Amlee and Chin's had such an impact on me (and in this review I treat them as one), 1) because it wasn't like all the other Chinese restaurants my parents would take me to when I was young. I hated Chinese food before trying their food. Their food tasted good, and 2) they cared about presentation. These qualities are true today. They keep their dishes simple. Here are a few highlights.Their Shrimp Puffs are the best I've ever had, because they make their wonton very thin and crispy. It's so thin you can see a hint of the creamy shrimp concoction inside. The creamy filling isn't greasy, and it has a nice consistency.Their Cashew Chicken has a nice mix of vegetables and isn't drenched in sauce like it is at most Chinese restaurants. And like with all of their dishes which include vegetables, the vegetables are fresh and not over cooked.Their unique Tossed Shredded Chicken Salad, which is a simple salad of lettuce, shredded chicken and cellophane noodles tossed lightly in sesame oil.Prices are on the higher side, but I can live with it because the food is unique, tastes great and the quality is high. Whenever I'm visiting Las Vegas, I ALWAYS go to Amlee at least once.
2	Even Am Lee has been around for a long time but it is not an authentic  or real Chinese cuisine.Itis more like an American version of Chinese food. Even though restaurant uses quality meat in the dishes,the food taste terrible.I am so disappointed. Apart from that food are so expensive. I do not mind paying for food as long as they are good.If you have been to this place ,you can see that not so many Asian person eat there,only American(no offence) love this place.
5	We've been coming to Amlee for years; it's our go-to place for Valentine's Day and other special occasions.  Our business had it's big 25th anniversary party for all the managers here and had a fantastic time. Great food, not a fan of the fact that you can't bring your own booze even with a corkage fee (their offerings are not great), but we managed to pull it off.  You haven't LIVED until you've had the Chinese Chicken Salad, and my husband swears by their Orange Chicken, shrimp puffs and Amlee Beef.  No, it's NOT cheap, and I think that people are really spoiled by cheap food in town; this restaurant is great and it's family run -- which means these people are trying to make a living from their hard work.  The prices are NOT exorbitant for a good, non-chain dinner house. They're traditional Vegas, long time residents and part of the community, a good value for great food.BTW, I've been to China, where the food is fantastic, and this is not far off that experience.  GO to Amlee, choose for yourself!
2	Prices here are higher compared to other Chinese places, even moreso for the quality you get being its just a simple Chinese restaurant.I ordered:- Half Peking duck = $19- Cup of egg drop soup = $5The pecking duck came with steamed buns (my favorite!), but they weren't good enough for me coming back.  I did love that they took all the bones off the duck though so I was able to eat to my hearts content.  The egg drop soup was... Ehhh.  I could've made it better at home.This place was convenient during my visit, but I could get better value elsewhere.  I have a soft spot for the underdog, but their prices just didn't seem reasonable.
2	Over priced and not any better than other Chinese places in the area.
3	Not bad for a suburban Chinese restaurant - good service, basic dishes are good - it's not gourmet Chinese - but good for a casual meal.
3	Amlee was a quick in and out experience.  I was expecting a fast food joint from the outside but when I stepped in, I realized that it was a full-on restaurant!  Strange... anyway, it was lunch and I was hungry and it didn't take me very long to get seated.  The lunch specials were pretty decent but didn't have anything stellar that I wanted to try so I opted for the steamed fish.  The waiter was nice and very attentive but a little overbearing sometimes.  Plus, I don't mind you calling me "honey" every so often but being referenced as "honey" every few minutes was a bit much.  Plus, it got a little weird when she said I ate my food all up like a big boy... well, it was true but pretty awkward to hear it out loud.  I guess she used it on all the older gentleman that frequent this spot but I'm nowhere near that side of the age parabola; neither a baby or an old dude so I thought it was awkward.Anyway, the food was nice for a quick stop in but I think I'll order to-go next time I try something else on the menu here.
3	Amlee is a nice place. The dish was lightly fried, not overly oily and had a good assortment of veggies to add color to the dish. My only dislike was the slight over pricing of the dishes.
1	I've been to many chinese restaurants, and this was by far not the best experience I've had.  Poor service.  The prices are higher than other chinese restaurants.  Their egg flower soup had no flavor.  The shrimp with lobster sauce tasted like watered down egg drop soup and had no flavor.  There are many other chinese restaurants who serve way better quality food with a lower price.  You will not see me back here again.
4	Went there for dinner. We had the egg rolls, Mongolian beef, and Generals chicken. Food was really good. The only negative thing I can say is that the egg rolls were a little on the greasy side and you don't get very many. Service was good. Decor is outdated but place was clean.
5	Amazing general's chicken
3	The creamy shrimp soup is an absolute must have.  Everything else I've had is good but a little expensive for your average Chinese restaurant.  Staff is always friendly.
3	When I am at a place where the owner of Lee's Liquor is dining and having a business meeting, I am thinking, I am in the right place. Gourmet Chinese Cuisine at it's finest.  Here is the deal.....a.  Do you like sweet and sour pork?b.  Do you like spicy chicken?c.  Do you like hot and sour soup?d.  Do you like egg rolls?e.  Do you like to have a soda with your Chinese Food?f.  Do you like ice cream for your dessert at a Chinese Restaurant?g. Do you consider Fortune Cookies to be Chinese or Asian?If you answer yes to any of the above, you are gonna love this place and so it will be a good place for you. The ambiance is nice, plenty of tables, good spacing and room.This is great for general lunches, business lunches, power lunches.They have a full bar so for those special meetings, plenty of drinks are available.The food, westernized asian cuisine, is very palatable and perfect for the casual diner, a romantic date, a business occasion.For all the above reasons, i would say that If PF Change was a 5 star on a scale of 1-5, then Amlee would be a 4.5 star!For me, I give this place 3 stars because:a. The food was not in accordance with my preferred style of Chinese Food.b.  When I am in a Chinese restaurant and green peppers or celery or carrots are the main basis of the vegetable, I know that I am in a non authentic restaurant.c.  I ordered the Wor Won Ton and it was cooked in a water based soup and not a broth based soup.  The best and real Chinese soups are broth based. The soup was, well, hot water. You can tell when it is broth based The color, richness, the bits of meat are still there.d.  The chicken used for the meat was frozen chicken breast and not chicken on the bone.e.  They serve all the dishes on plates and give you chopsticks.  Remember, Chopsticks are for bowls and fork and spoon are for plates.f.  Gourmet Chinese in either Mainland China, Hong Kong, or other places consists of things like Shark Fin Soup, Steamed Fish, Abalone, Jelly Fish, Other Seafood, Tea made from tea leaves and not a tea bag, and many other details.  This food was not gourmet, it was simply adequate.g.  No Fish Tank visible to the patrons = no live fresh seafood.The service is great and friendly, the crowd and the people are very nice, lots of regulars. I would say if you like this style of food, then this is a great place.  This review is for anyone seeking truly authentic Chinese food. If so, this is not the place and you would or may be better off dining at the Panda Express across the street for half the price.GK says check it out for the right reasons and you will be very, very happy.
5	I ordered pork fried rice. That's it and it was AMAZING!!! My girlfriend ordered the veggie fried rice and loved it also!!! The fried rice did not disappoint. Not one bit. I will be back to grab more of this delicious rice soon!!!
5	Staff is wonderful. Attentive and knowledgable. Food is made with care and love. They won best in Vegas for years. They have all the standard chinese food and some unique dishes as well. More people should support this place. Try it and tell your friends.
1	What a miserable experience.Not only was it rainy and dreary outside, but the interior of this place also left a lot to be desired.  While the service was fast (seemed like they were in a hurry to get rid of me), I felt like the wait staff were very rude to me.I decided to eat in during lunch.  I ordered the strawberry chicken ($7.95) and a coke ($2.95!).  It also came with eggdrop soup and a eggroll (which I had declined, but they brought anyway).  When the plate came, it had a decent portion of chicken smothered with sauce (read: soggy) and a spoonful of steamed rice.  Obviously, with that uneven ratio, I finished the rice before I finished the entree.  So, I politely asked if they could give me "just one more scoop" of rice, so I could finish off the meal.  The Latina server brought me a small bowl of rice and I scooped a single spoonful into my plate.  Then the Asian server (who looked like she was the owner) grabbed my check and added $1.50 to it.  $1.50 for a dollop of steamed rice.  Clearly, I had not been informed of this charge ahead of time, otherwise I would not have accepted it.  So, guess what I tipped her at the end?Bitch.
3	I like to think I'm a somewhat decent person.  So, after a completely horrifying experience at Amlee, I decided to give it another shot.  I figured maybe I was having a bad day, the workers were having a bad day, and it wasn't fair to judge them solely on one bad experience.  That, and I was inspired by someone's posting of a picture of Amlee's general chicken which looked absolutely delicious.So I decided to order a lunch special to go (disguising my voice over the phone, so I wouldn't be recognized as the asshole who didn't tip last time, thereby prompting them to spit in my food).  When I arrived to pick it up, the Asian owner was there.  She was much nicer to me, all smiles, and she even offered me extra rice without me asking (!!!).  Which makes me think maybe she saw my earlier review...  In which case, I'm sorry I called you a bitch.The general chicken was pretty good -- much better than the strawberry chicken I had  tried there last time.  I decided to bump up my review to a 3.  See what happens when you're nice to your customers? :)
5	Love this restaurant! One of my two favorite Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas area! Everything I've had here is very good. I especially love the shredded chicken salad. Out of this world! It has a wonderful dressing and seasoning that I've never had anywhere else before. I definitely recommend this place!!
5	My husband and I have been going for years, so I finally thought I'd let Yelp know what we think.  We love this restaurant.  It's the best Chinese food around.  We particularly enjoy the Chinese Chicken Salad, as well as the Mu Shu Chicken, the my husband is partial to the lemon chicken.  The staff are very attentive, and Lynn, the owner is very sweet and charming.  We've gone at least once a month for 15 years.
4	Fresh...not frozen meat... Same w shrimp..  They order for a day or two only... Fresh vegetables and sauces... No canned. Or frozen crap....
4	My friend and I went and the food was delicious and service was great too! We ordered the Orange chicken, Mongolian beef and house fried rice..all so yummy! We also got the fried wontons but it wasn't all that great and the soda he ordered was flat but again the main course was delicious. The service was great. They serve you and plate your food. Our waitress was pleasant. We will definitely go back.
5	One of my favorite Chinese spots. High quality food and good service.  Its a bit expensive but it's worth it.
4	Amlee Chinese Cuisine is a local family run business. They have been in business for over 30 years. I remember eating here when I was a teenager and really enjoying the food and lunch specials at Amlee Chinese Cuisine. After going to the movies at nearby Galaxy last week we passed by here so, I suggested to hubby that we come back and try this place and see if it was still as good as I remembered. With a fellow yelper in tow we headed for dinner here last night and wasn't disappointed. 4.5 stars!Walking in we were greeted and taken to our seats. Water and menus were brought right to our table right away. We shared "family style" and picked out somethings we all like. Food is brought out on a cart and served to you. Fried Wontons ($5.95) - These came 12 per order and I liked them. Light, yet crunchy with a small bit of chicken in the center. It came with a sweet and sour and spicy mustard dipping sauces. Szechuan Chicken Salad ($10.95) - Yum! The salad was tossed in front of us. The portion was huge and there was plenty to go around. I really liked the flavor of the dressing best and the fresh carrots stood out.Vegetable Fried Rice ($8.95) - I felt there could have been a little more flavor in this dish. The size was perfect especially if sharing, but the carrot and peas didn't really stand out flavor-wise. The rice was cooked just right though.Szechuan Beef ($16.95) - So good! The beef was so tender and the whole dish together just tasted great. The huge fresh mushrooms were tasty.Orange slices were brought to each of us at the end of the meal. I felt the charge of $3.95 for a soda was steep. Free refills, but almost the price of an appetizer. The service was great and we left full and pleased! The owner stopped to talk to us for a moment and she's genuinely passionate about the type of food they are putting out as well the type of service they provide.They offer delivery so call to check the areas they cover. You can also place your order for pick-up if you don't want to dine inside. They have lunch specials that range in price from $7.95, $8.95, $9.95 and $10.95 depending on what you order and it includes soup, egg roll and choice of steamed or egg fried rice.
5	We have struggled to find quality Chinese cuisine in Henderson for many years, but we have found our spot!We ordered family style: vegetable and shrimp, orange peel chicken, fried shrimp, and pork fried rice. Everything was delicious. The orange peel chicken was not too sweet and not spicy (unless you happen to eat one of the red peppers). We went in at 9pm on a Thursday (they close at 10pm) and we experienced very speedy and quality service. We were given complimentary orange slices with our fortune cookies which was a special treat. We will definitely come back.
5	I finally found a place to get great Chinese food. I noticed some other reviews mentioned this place being too pricey. I don't get that it does say gourmet on the sign out front. Sure the inside is completely dated but it still has class and the owner herself comes to the table to serve each plate. She even prepared the salad we ordered fresh in front of us. The food isn't greasy in anyway which id w hat I find at most places I have been too. The portion of food you get for the price is very good. I would suggest because if the portion sizes that you either plan on sharing with your table or taking leftovers home. Nothing like cold Chinese food for lunch the next day! I ordered Szechuan Beef and could have easily eaten the whole dish if I weren't sharing with others because it was that good. The meat was tender and very good. I rarely eat rabbit food but I did think it was cool how it was prepared right in front of us. The vegetable fried rice tasted perfect. My wife thought it could use more flavor but she also likes soy sauce on it so whatever. The service is really awesome here and i left full and satisfied. Coming back for sure. Call ahead and order take out if you don't want to dine inside.
5	This is old school Vegas. Hadn't been in a very long time because actually just had forgotten it was still there when I moved out of the surrounding area.You get 5 star quality side table service. The Mai Tai was so good. Didn't realize how much alcohol they put it in until it crept up on me later. Food was fresh and really tasty. Shrimp Won Tons- most places serve these with imitation crab and you normally can't find a place to serve good quality won tons anymore. These were crunchy and delicious. Not greasy like in most places.Chicken Salad with peanuts - this was good but out of the whole meal would be last on my list to reorder. Peanuts were all I could taste. Chicken Lettuce wraps- not overpowered by the sauce and crunchy but again would probably put this item second to last. The Strawberry chicken brought back good memories. Just as I remember from childhood. It was still crisp outside with it even smothered in strawberry sauce. My fork going through didn't make it turn to mush so good job balancing the crisp outside while you still have plenty of sauce. All time favorite is Am Lee Beef!!! Can't describe in words how good. My first time eating Generals Chicken and I wasn't disappointed. Ambiance is more of the old school feeling. Doesn't seem to have been modernized but at least you get that nostalgia feeling of old times when you go in. It's not falling apart just has that old vibe to it.
5	Simply, the best Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. I've been coming here for almost 20 years and it never disappoints. My favorite dishes: lettuce wraps, bbq pork dumplings, ruby beef, spicy chicken, and sweet/spicy shrimp...... A+++++++
3	I haven't been here in about 20 years!To be painfully honest,All three of us were dissatisfied at the price of the dishes.  Don't get me wrong, the food tasted good, but didn't warrant a price tag that exceeds $19 (Orange Chicken, Beef w/Broccoli); even our cups of won ton and egg drop soup were almost $10!We honestly expected something more than what we were presented with.  We would have had a more tasty and financially satisfying meal at Pei Wei.  Plus, their decor were stuck in 1991.What's funny is that on the way to this location, I saw Ping Pong Thai Cuisine and suggested we try that place; it probably would have been better and cheaper!
5	Always good service. Food is never a disappointment. Staff is exceptional. Become a regular and it gets even better.
4	Great lunch specials and excellent service!Our friends love this place so we all met for a nice lunch! I'll just say service here was phenomenal.  From the moment walking in the door until the check was paid, everyone was so polite and friendly.  There were several ladies who kept a close eye on our table which were all great! I tried the Kung Pao Prawns lunch special.  Great portion size and it was delicious! Spicy but not an overpowering spice.  I loved it.  The lunches come with soup, white or fried rice and an egg roll.  The dining area is clean with plenty of seating.  It was a great lunch with great friends!
4	Great service & FRESH food. I see some complaints about prices but sometimes you get what you pay for & this place is worth it. Best Mai Tai I've ever had,and you only need one.
2	Payed way to much for awful food. 20 bucks for a lunch. I suffered through eating it because how much I spent. Pot Stickers were dry and probably bought from the dollar store freezer section. General tso chicken was barely ok. Egg rolls(spring rolls) were greasy and mush. Never going there again.
3	Experience:  I came with a group of folks for lunch. There were about 20 of us. Service: the service was ok, but our group was pretty big, so it was a little slow. Food: They have great lunch specials that include soup, eggroll, main dish and rice for under $10. I skipped the soup, and ordered beef and broccoli.  This is always my go to meal to judge a Chinese restaurant. Theirs was pretty good. Facility:  it was a pretty big place, and great for groups.  It seemed clean and comfortable. Overall review:  it was pretty good, but not my favorite Chinese place.  It's not very close to me either, so I would be surprised if I come back again. I would if someone else wanted to meet there.
3	3.5 STARS: Good  Money talks. When I  spend money I talk about it on Yelp. In the next few paragraphs I will talk about my lunch in Amlee Chinese Cuisine.  In recent times I have been trying out the different Chinese restaurants in the Las Vegas Valley. After visiting Amy's Hallmark, I decided to try Amlee Chinese Cuisine near my house.  Amlee Chinese Cuisine is located in a small strip mall at the southeast corner of Sunset and Sandhill Roads. From what I read, Amlee Chinese Cuisine has been standing in this exact spot for thirty years. It has been thirty years of family ownership. When a restaurant is in business for thirty years, they rise above it all. In 2003, Amlee Chinese Cuisine rised above it all when the Best of Las Vegas voted it the best Chinese Restaurant in 2003 (www.usmenuguide.com/amleegourmet.htm).   When I walked inside Amlee Chinese Cuisine at lunchtime, I saw a bar to my right and a spacious dining room to the left. The tables were large and nearly empty at this visit.   The personable waitress led me to a table in this comfortable dining room. Soon, she poured the water into a clean glass. Nonetheless I ordered a Coke with my lunch. This is the first Chinese Restaurant that has ever served me Coke from Mexico. So, it was a cosmopolitan lunch with Mexican Coke and Chinese food.   The luncheon special attracted me to Amlee Chinese Cuisine. As my fellow Yelpers have stated, the prices here are higher. I can't support the argument that you get what you pay for when I had food of equivalent taste and quality for the same price recently at dinner in China Bistro, NY Chinese Restaurant, and China Tango Bistro. The lunch specials range between $7.95 and $10.95. They include an entre, soup of the day that is expectedly the omnipresent egg drop soup, egg roll, and choice of fried or white rice. For $1.50 extra, they will substitute the soup of the day with wonton soup. With a Coke from Mexico, wonton soup, and tip my lunch special added up to around $17.50.  I ordered the shrimp chow mein. The personable waitress stated that this is one of her favorites. In my opinion, the wonton soup was my favorite. I could eat it everyday for the rest of my life and not get tired of it. Maybe that's because wonton soup is in my Top 25 Favorite Foods List. The fried rice was a lighter color than I was used to. However, it was delicious. The noodle based shrimp chow mein was also delicious. I appreciated all the vegetables that tasted like onion and cabage mixed in. On the other hand I would of appreciated more than four shrimp. Come to think of it, I would of appreciated it if the meal included crunchy noodles with duck sauce and hot mustard.   I have done enough talking about Amlee Chinese Cuisine. In my opinion that is based on experiences dining in Chinese Restaurants, Amlee is a good Chinese Restaurant that I anticipate serving the Las Vegas community in the decades ahead.
1	If you value the purchase power of a dollar you'll want to skip this place: $4 for a soda, $9 for a mixed drink. We had a table of eight and everyone skipped the high priced beverages, yet our bill still came to $43 per person. I have had better Chinese food at a buffet, the only difference being the buffet has a better selection and you can go there five or six times for the same price. I am very budget conscience and went to enjoy a meal with family, instead felt as though I had been robbed.
3	I'll be honest, after reading the reviews for this place, I really, really wanted to love them. The restaurant itself is very clean, inviting, and the staff really sweet. The menu had everything I was looking for on it. I was making a quick stop for lunch before meeting up with someone, figured I had plenty of time.I placed my order, got some water with lemon in it, and then glanced at my phone - woops - I had miscalculated and was going to be late, especially if I took my time eating! It was totally not their fault, they were on it with the service, it was all on me.Glad that I hadn't ordered anything more exciting than water, I grabbed my purse and went up to the front counter. I apologized and asked if I could change my order to to-go. She was cool about it. A few minutes later, I had my bagged up lunch and was out the door. I made my appointment in time, and, luckily, it was casual enough that they didn't mind if I whipped out my chopsticks and started munching away.I had ordered the orange peel chicken. It sounded really good on paper. It tasted like...salt. Honestly, I found nothing really good about it. Nothing really bad, either, just kind of meh, like grocery store Chinese. I had ordered it spicy, and it wasn't. It was just so-so.Just for the record, when I order "spicy" - babes, that means melt my face, curl my hair, steam out my ears spicy. Not just extra salt. Perhaps there was a communication problem?I gave them three stars (rounded up from 2-1/2, which isn't an option) for service and because I'm willing to come back with the hubby to try other things. Based on the other reviews, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try again. They've been here a long time and I haven't. Maybe we were both having an off day?
5	This place never lets you down. Great food & impeccable service. We had the Amlee beef,prawns with lobster sauce & pork fried rice. And the best Mai-Tais of course.
