4	We just randomly decided to have lunch here. To be honest I was not expecting anything spectacular, it is in a hotel in Tempe. We walked in and were the only people there around 12:30pm. I thought "Uh-Oh" bad sign. We sat on the lush patio and the service was prompt. The employees were extremely friendly and offered their opinions on what was best to order. We started with the baked brie. It was good and served with a bunch of fruit. For our main course we had the roast beef sandwich. It was FANTASTIC. Everything was fresh and delicious. The frys it comes with are completely addictive covered in Parmesan and parsley. It was a great getaway from the noise and crowds of Mill Ave. I will be back soon for lunch and would love to try the dinner.
1	Harry's is a NO.I am often leery of restaurants in hotels but I thought in the Mission Palms it should be safe.  I stand corrected.Giving credit where credit is due, the service was friendly and attentive throughout the meal although at this point I am wondering if there was some duplicity going on here.  I'll return to that.I had the fish & chips.  It was both soggy and overdone.  To accomplish this you first have to cook it too long.  Then to get rid of the crispiness you have to cover it with something and let it sit a few minutes so that the food gets moist from condensation.  The fries were lukewarm and soggy.  After I ate I excused myself and went to the restroom to use some floss because the overdone fish had stuck between my teeth quite generously.  Uck.  But here's the real rub:  They added an 18% gratuity without saying anything.  In the semidarkness of the outdoor seating area I did not catch this and added in another roughly 18% tip.  Later as we were heading home and talking about dinner we realized it seemed kind of high.  We'll be addressing the bill with the restaurant and contesting the charges on the credit card.  In the meantime, be warned.  Seriously, wtf?Oh and parking is valet only and they were pretty disorganized.Update:  they refunded the charges.
5	My husband and another couple from Tempe ate at this restaurant tonight.  We were absolutely delighted.  First of all the service was superb.  Two of us ordered their 10 oz. filets which were fork tender and came in a delicious dark colored peppercorn sauce accompanied by asparagus and potatoes/or carrots.  We all had a dinner salad which was plentiful and very tasty.  The balsamic dressing was delightful.  One of our friends ordered the blackened salmon and the other ordered the ribeye steak.  They were both very pleased with the food and the way it was prepared.  We did not get dessert.   We have already discussed going back soon.  We were very pleasantly surprised.  If you park on the sides or the back you don't have to valet park.    Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.  Oh, one more thing is that this restaurant  is very close to the light rail line.
4	The food was good, Service was a little slow. Reasonable priced, and pleasant personnel.Nice for a leisurely visit or meal, but don't go there if you are in a rush.
2	SERVICE: So I was staying at the hotel and I called in to order for pick up. The guy said hold on and said "Can we take orders for pick up? She is trying to avoid room service." Wow... just wow. This hotel is in a great location in the middle of the action in Tempe on Mill St. If I cannot order as a hotel guest for pick up then I would rather go pick up next door on Mill St where there are so many restaurants! Sheesh. Get a clue, dude. You have lots of competition being on Mill St and you are questioning whether I can order or not?  If the conference didn't give me a hotel credit I would DEFININTELY NOT be giving you my business because of that. How does he know I'm trying to avoid room service anyways... Wow. When I went to pick up there was not a single person in the restaurant! It was an odd hour though at around 1500. Again, wow...  I just had to get that off my chest... now onto the food....  FOOD: It's mostly bar type food but they also do have other more expensive entrees too. 1. Kobe Burger with provolone on a pretzel bun ($11) - choice of cheese and choice of side. I picked the fruit bowl which included fresh pineapple, cantaloupe, honey dew. Burger patty was huge! The food was actually really good. I enjoyed it but I couldn't swallow the service. PRICES: Average.CONCLUSION: I will likely avoid this place if I can since I will be criticized for not getting room service. My room is right by the restaurant so of course I'm going to walk! The burger was good but wasn't that good to tolerate that kind of service. Obviously the only reason they got stars is because of the food. Luckily, the hotel does have 2 other restaurant called Cabana Bar and Grill by the pool and Mission Grille. Hopefully the same people do not work at the other restaurants.
3	Hidden on the west end of the lobby floor of Tempe Mission Palms, Harry's is a very open and bright hotel bar. There's plenty of tables, both high-top and regular. There are also a few couches and tables right outside the lounge that you can meander to w/ your drink. There are also plenty of TVs for your enjoyment inside, and just outside of the bar area.Their basic menu is available, as well as a decent selection of spirits. A few taps, including some local brews. We went right before closing (midnight) and were served promptly. And ill warn ya, that closing bartender pours a st-rong drink. The service was good, and the price is right, for a hotel bar.
4	My wife and I ate here recently and really enjoyed the experience, service and food. I recommend the flat iron steak with stuffed chilli
4	I enjoyed eating here. It was my first night of training and it was inside the hotel Tempe Mission Palms. The service was good. Food was delicious. They were out of several items but I had the Ancho Chile Salmon w/ polenta and asparagus and I loved it. Great flavor! I also enjoyed the Mango Avocado Salad which was refeshing and delicious. The desserts weren't great plus they were out of the two desserts our table mainly wanted. Not to big of a deal but never good to run out of food. I would reccommend anyone staying here try it out.
5	Friendly staff, great scotch and whiskey spread!
5	Legit place for good cocktails and conversation. I met Chuck ( I think that was his name) the other night and he was WAY passionate about cocktails. He knew history, geographical info etc. What a stud! Nice bourbons and whiskeys.
3	So again I'm here for a conference and I've been here so many times I think I've tried everything on the menu so here it goes:1. Shrimp cocktail - I do like the cocktail sauce. It's different since they added some chopped herbs in it like parsley which gave it a nice flavor. 2. Drumsticks - BBQ sauce is too sticky and thick and it gummed up on my teeth. It was like it had been sitting out and then reheated... meh. I gave them away.3. Artichoke/ spinach dip - It would have been better to have chopped up spinach and not leaves of spinach... it is very hard to scoop up leaves of spinach onto your chip. Otherwise flavor was good just feasibility was a failure.4. Crab cake - it sure it pure crab basically which was good but the flavor was the opposite... I questioned whether it was bad...  1/2 of it tasted good and then the other  1/2 had a distinctly different flavor like it was too fishy... My dinner buddy ordered the same thing and his was frozen in the middle! Unacceptable.5. Southwest potato salad - this was actually very good! It's a light alternative to traditional heavy mayo potato salad. This one does not have mayo but instead a sun dried tomato-based sauce with onion, celery mixed in. 6. Turkey club - choice of side and I got the seasoned fries which were good. The turkey club was also good but just overwhelmingly tasted like butter because the Texas toast style bread was SOAKED in butter... I ordered all the sandwiches from then on without butter.7. Coconut Crusted Halibut - on top of a bed of rice with black beans which was good. The halibut was just ok... not very flavorful. 8. NY strip 12 oz - very good!  Comes with a choice of side and I chose the cheese stuffed pepper that is also very good! The best dish I've had at Harry's!9. Salmon - did not try this but on one night my friends' at 2 separate dinner parties had the salmon and got sick. They did say it tasted funny. Watch out!  I hope they notified the staff...SERVICE: Hit or miss here. They can't handle a large crowd so if it's busy don't bother. Many times I had to go find my server to let them know we need to order. But then another time they accidentally put dressing on the salad when I asked for on the side and they apologized and comp'ed the salad!  Very good service that day!PRICES: Reasonable. They also have a happy hour with  1/2 off appetizers and $2-3 off drinks. TIP: Check in on Four Square or Yelp (at the hotel not the restaurant itself) as they often have specials like free appetizer, dessert or wine of $5 off $25!CONCLUSION: Hit or miss service... Hit or miss food... I don't understand how the food can be very good at Mission Grille and suck so much at Harry's when the food is coming from the same kitchen. At Harry's there are some excellent entrees like the steak, chicken sandwich and kobe burger but other food not that great. If I didn't have a hotel credit I probably would have been dining out on Mill St and not at Harry's.
5	I want to bring everyone i know here forever in my life!Ilove it here,the food is amazing!!!!This place is awsome! I love the cheeseburger,thanks...
