2	I was very frustrated with this group.  After having a referral from my Perinatologist faxed multiple times by them and by me, having multiple calls unreturned, I FINALLY got a hold of someone 3 weeks later.  Then I was told to just come in without an appointment. Which I did.Then when I got there they made a huge deal about me not having an appointment.  The whole experience took an hour for a 10 second EKG test (I kid you not, it took 10 whole seconds).  And that was after I finally was called back and the technician couldn't even find the information she needed that was written on the referral from (a form that originated from AZ Cardiology Group, I might add).  I had to show her where the Drs name was, the phone number, the code for the test.  And all of it was written clearly and it was easy to read.Seriously?  Should the patient have to do the job of the front office staff AND the tech running the equipment??
1	I have been coming to this office for the past 12 years.  Although I do like my Cardiologist (Dr. Hines), I cannot remember a time when I have had to call to make an appointment that I didn't have a problem with the scheduling department. This office is very unfriendly.  The staff act as though they are doing you a favor and that you are putting them out.  I had to call to make my yearly stress test (for which I had to wait over 6 minutes on hold before I got to speak with a person), she asked for my phone number "in case we get disconnected", she spent the next 4 minutes trying to find an available appointment time and then proceeded to question as to whether I was "authorized" to have this particular test.  After I explained that my doctor had ordered it, she said "just a minute" and put me on hold.  After being on hold for over another 6 minutes, when it seemed she was coming back on the line, I was actually disconnected.  I waited a few minutes to see if she would call me back.  Then I called again, only this time instead of being told to wait the message went to a recording that said they were busy and if I would leave a message with my phone number, someone would get back to me immediately, that was 6 weeks ago and I never received a call back.  If you have the time to waste and can deal with the disorganization and lack of good customer service, this is the place for you.  I will emphasize here that I find my doctor very good and have hung in there because I like him.  However, there may come a time when I just can't deal with the front office staff any longer.  They are so busy there, that they seem to not care as to whether they are inconsiderate to a patient because they don't have to work hard to find a replacement.
