3	The menu states that they have been voted best breakfast, lunch and dinner nearly every year since approx 2001 for the Fountain Hills area this is why I went.  Are these folks flying in from third world countries because my palate experience was bar food. The Coca Cola Products Collection cluttered throughout the restaurant was more appealing than the food. If you are looking for a filler or something with large portions for 8-12 bucks go here for average food. The fact that they were voted best of any meal should be a slap in the face to other restaurants in the area who work hard to present quality cuisine to the residents of the Fountain Hills.  They get 3 stars for being average what a let down.
2	Stopped here for lunch... the place looks ok if you're a hillbilly and dating your cousin but the food was not bad.  I ordered their 1/2 pound burger, burger was cooked perfect but it came with this huge bun that was a little dry, I actually enjoyed the fries more than the burger. Service was slow at first but they got better. Overall...probably not coming back.
3	Small lil hole n the wall perfect if you roll out of bed and don't feel like attempting to get dressed up to go to lunch. There were two servers with quite a few tables and they were working hard...you go girls. I would freaking hate working at a place with an open kitchen for all the customers to peer into and stick their nose in what food is in the window wondering if its theirs getting cold lol. We did a to go order...I  got the shrimp avocado salad& the clam chowder...salad and dressing were DELICIOUS although the shrimp was dry I have a feeling it was frozen shrimp not fresh which makes it easy to give a dry texture. Clam chowder was awesome ...it had tender clams was creamy and had a wine flavor to it which I love. ( in, an out of food). Things that come to mind when waiting & observing the "ambiance" ....church, old people, new York accents, the movie waiting ( although I hope that was just the white chef coats that steered my imagination in that direction) . My boyfriend got the rueben which he said was so so and the fries were very old looking/ tasting. I would go back considering they have everything from meatloaf & chicken fried steak to gyros...HUGE MENU with lots to try and my meal was pretty good. Might have just been a very busy day and got the short end of the stick on good old rueben. I felt the shrimp salad was overpriced since the shrimp wasn't prime per say,  but hey I don't pay the rent there. Overall id say it was a good experience,  im giving it 3 stars due to the shrimp and the rueben ...and the fact that I need to try it again before I can bump it up on the scale...worth trying :)
3	Go here if you're really, really hungry. I'm not a fan of Coke but I do have to say that I enjoyed the over-the-top display of Everything-Coke-Related. Hubby had a burger and said it was the best burger he ever had. Daughter had the kids mac n' cheese and loved it (it looked suspiciously like Kraft but she swears it tasted truly homemade). I had fish tacos which were just fine. Fried, of course. The options for healthy eating are sort of slim here, so you have to know that going in. Otherwise, perfectly good hearty food.
4	Possibly the biggest menu I've ever seen. Food is great and very reasonable. Decent atmosphere and well worth the stop.
4	Good food for the price! I had the pot roast sandwich, it was very tasty! Wide variety on the menu something for everyone!
5	An extensive menu, something for everyone. Best breakfast anywhere near Fountain Hills. I love the Thursday potato soup! 9 TVs, no reason to miss your favorite team's game.
4	Late lunch...... Large variety on the  menu. I had the filling station special (grilled ham and cheese) plenty of thin sliced ham with a very good Dijon mustard sauce. My friend had the fountain hill club wrap which was enough for two people very good! Service was prompt and courteous
3	3/17/13 - definitely a diners, drive-ins and dives kind of place. All decorated for St. Paddy's Day including waiters, waitresses and staff. Waitress was friendly but disappeared for long periods of time. The special corned beef and cabbage was really good (including Kelly green potatoes). The roasted half chicken was terrible (tasted like grocery store bought deli chicken frozen and reheated in microwave. . . Yuk). The only saving part of the dish was the mashed potatoes and cider gravy.
4	Very nice family owned business.  I was there with a very large party and they gave us a private room.  The people were friendly and the food was good.  They have a full bar but the drink prices are a little expensive.
5	Husband and myself just shared Monster Lasagna (takeout). It was fabulous!  Just like homemade!  In general, everything we've had here at Phil's was delish, including the Reuben, burgers, omelets...it's like an old fashioned NYC diner - unpretentious with the same great homey food and service.
1	I am not really sure what to say here. While the decor is very interesting with a very nice Coca-Cola theme... The food is a complete disaster.Honestly it was the worst food I have ever had in all of Arizona. They put processed American cheese on a Philly cheesesteak.They charged nine dollars for a petite hamburger that was overcooked and with low quality ingredients. You have a lot better choices in fountain Hills. I would not recommend eating here at all.
3	great variety of food & very personable staff. Love the location too.very nice place to visit if you're in the area!will be back to eat again.=)
5	Was hesitant to come here at first thought it was going to be a cheap version of Denny's. HOWEVER  I was completely wrong. When I first walked in I noticed how welcoming the restaurant was. Very cozy and family friendly. The staff was extremely friendly and made sure we were well taken care of. The bartender was our server(tiny brunette, forgot her name)but she was so sweet and did such an amazing job Food was extraordinary. We ordered burgers wings and a milkshake. Came out to perfection  and very quickly. This will be me and my boyfriends favorite place. Thank you
3	Phil's is a Fountain Hills staple.  It is our go to place when friends and family come to town.  To say the menu is extensive is an understatement.  There is something for everyone at Phil's which is why it's so great for big parties.  Phil is a great guy, the atmosphere is fun, and food and service are consistent.  That is why we will keep going back.
2	Well, the menu is big lots of selections, but the hey...I would refrain from ever getting any of the salads as they are made with ice berg lettuce which is not the best lettuce to eat and has basically no nutrition value but hey it is the cheapest you can buy. Also for the appetizers they are not worth the price ..we got the veggies it was a small plate of veggies with some ranch dressing in a container, they forgot to give us the pita squares and very small plate of veggies and they sell it for $9...do not order...also all the appetizers we had were over prized and not enough for two people except the mussels if you order the mussels you get about 16 of them which is a good...for the rest of the meal hey...they are overpriced on everything, they buy inexpensive food and sell it at a high price to make a profit...wish they had better quality food.  avoid the salads...the burgers were just okay nothing to write home about.  the desserts were just okay nothing to write home about....just okay everything was just okay....nothing amazing
2	Didn't even get to eat.waited to be helped no one would seat us.After 5 min someone finally told us it would be 15 min before they could seat us then made us put our name on a waiting list after people who had just come in were put on the waiting list before us. Not impressed with the service and just decided to leave.
4	I'll admit - I'm a fan of casual kitsch and Phil's fits my mood, when I'm in it! I love all the Coke memorabilia (especially at Christmas time, when the rest of the "stuff" comes out) - and the booths and tables feel very nostalgic. I haven't explored a "lot" of the menu yet...because it's a LOT of menu! But everything I've had so far has been very good! I've had burgers on a couple of occasions (seriously - these are GOOD, fresh, not-pre-fab burgers), and the Reuben burger is my favorite! When they say you won't leave hungry...you WON'T leave hungry!!! I've also had the shrimp po' boy and it was hot, fresh and the avocado and lime mayo MADE the sammich!!! And I stopped by one night with a friend and we shared a spicy beef quesadilla and two French onion soups! Warm, filling and happy-making! The place can get PACKED, especially when the car stuff is going on out back - but service is always good. If they're a little slow or make a mistake, they're very quick to apologize and give an incentive to come back next time! I know that I can take adventurous or (even more challenging) non-adventurous eaters to Phil's and everybody is going to leave happy! And I look forward to exploring more of the menu!
5	Being a former general manager of a restaurant it is very difficult for me to go anywhere and not judge ticket time, food quality, service etc and I can say this if you are looking for a place that hits every mark right on....what are you waiting for?  Go to Phil's! We were greeted by Phil who told us to take a seat,  Nicole was our server, after hiring people for over 15 years I can say this if I had found one like Nicole I would have been thrilled...I hired fabulous people but she was truly the best of the best.....pulled Phil aside a few times to ask him what his favorites were and he was so pleasant , helpful and explained the menu and made suggestions. We started with coconut chicken strips....I liked them so much I ordered them for dinner.....everyone loved their food! From the pasta to their burgers  the food was served hot, the prices were good as the quality of the food you could tell was above average to most restaurants of this caliber.  All in all a great experience it was totally worth the 40 minute drive and will make it a regular place to frequent. Great bar and entertainment (Elvis impersonator ) on sat night. It is hard to please me as I am such a perfectionist...but Phil's filling station sure did....now what are you waiting for? Go check it out......I dare you to tell me you had a negative experience!
3	I tried their fried chicken salad. It was iceberg lettuce with tomato slices, half a hard boiled egg, a ton of shredded cheese and chicken that was 50% breading and 50% chicken and watery ranch dressing. It was average at best. The service was prompt, courteous and is what saved my experience from being a total bust. Lots of people around me ordered the pot roast which looked much better than my salad. Next time I will stick with one of the daily specials.
1	I have been repeatedly disappointed by this place. The menu is really your first clue, if you are offering 20 sandwiches, 15 burgers and 30 different dinner entrees, I don't think any of them can be done well or freshly prepared (hello frozen!). The latest trip I made here was for breakfast and it was so disappointing.No one came around for coffee refills. At breakfast. Yikes. I had a breakfast wrap that was unappetizing, the cheese inside almost seemed like a processed nacho cheese, no real flavor. The presentation is terrible, comes out on tiny, cheap cafeteria plates and does in fact look like it was prepared in a cafeteria. The icing on the cake is the owner Phil. He's never friendly and usually has a scowl on his face. Please don't make yourself visible to customers and serve food if you can't be friendly! Bottom line, you would be much better off going to The Good Egg, Chompies or Flapjack's. Actually, you would be better off going anywhere but here!
5	Ate dinner at Phil's Filling Station this evening...great service, delicious food, extensive menu, and very generous portions!  Very satisfied!   :-)
2	Two stars because of the view. the food wasn't amazing. I think this would be better identified as a drinking spot. In fact it probably is a bar turned breakfast in the morning. Huge menu options, but we were on the hunt for breakfast so we didn't go far from the first page. I'd go back to sip cocktails on the patio and watch the fountain, but not for eats.
5	My wife & I eat here at least twice a month & absolutely love it, from the food quality to the variety to the staff, it's all good. We've tried many different things on the menu and have never been disappointed. I don't understand some of the negative reviews but I guess that's what makes the world go round.
4	This place had it all!  The owner Phil walks around and greets you.  The place is clean.  The food is great! I came because someone recommended it to me!
2	We went here a few years ago and enjoyed it thoroughly. I was excited to go back, but was very disappointed this time around. The menu is huge, but nothing really special. Our food was just okay, not great, not horrible.
5	Phil's has such an extensive menu. Went here for breakfast- had the apple cinnamon pancakes which were out of this world! For dinner they have everything under the sun! A must-try if in Fountain Hills and wanting a casual dining experience.
2	We had really poor, slow, unfriendly service and the food (breakfast potatoes in particular) was obviously from a freezer bag. Tasteless, low-quality food.  Would not go back again.
2	Service is up and down. Food is not fresh and greasy. Go to Flapjacks for better food at same price.
5	My family and I are long time regulars at Phil's. We've lived in FH for 21 years and seen a lot of restaurants come and go.  Phil's consistently has provided us great food and drink year after year.I am a big fan of the soups, they are extremely flavorful and made from scratch. The burgers are great and I can't find a better place for them in the entire east valley.  If you're a french fry fan, you'll love the various types that Phil's offers.  My favorites are the sandwiches, I often even order them for dinner.When asked where to go to eat in FH, Phil's is at the top of our list!
3	If you love coke memorabilia and decor this is a place to see. The food is good but over priced for the quality. Basic breakfast for two will run you around $25.00
1	We have gone to Phil's several times. My husband likes it because of all the sport TV's in the bar and he likes their Rueben. I on the other hand have been disappointed in their food. I am vegan due to severe heart disease. I will have chicken or fish once a month or so. I have had their salads which taste like they are made from a bag and not fresh. Had veggies that were still partially frozen. Last night was the last straw. Ordered their veggie burger and they brought me a turkey burger. Waiter apologized, took it back and ten minutes later they brought me out another turkey burger (or possibly the same one).  I again told the waiter that there were no veggies in the burger he brought me. He went back in the kitchen and came back out and said that the cook swore that it was a Boco burger. Being vegan, I know what a Boco burger looks and taste like and this was NOT a Boco burger. I ended up eating it. It tasted like a processed turkey burger to me. The waiter didn't say anything, but must have felt bad because he comped our bill. We hadn't eaten there for a long time and if I have my way, we will never eat there again.
5	Best omelette in town! Had the veggie and it was perfect! Cute coca cola atmosphere too!
1	Ate here last night and had to remind the waitress we were ready to order.  This is the third visit for hubby and I and each time they have an excuse why the service is bad.  I ordered the pot roast sandwich.  It was dry and tasteless and the kaiser roll was stale.  Never again.  Oh and they are so over priced for their food.
2	Luv the atmosphere, great setting for breakfast or lunch, cozy, homey.Had coffee, 2 eggs with a burger, toast, potatoes.Coffee, eggs, toast unremarkable, potatoes...why bother putting them on the plate?, burger good,  Other than the atmosphere, I'd search for a better breakfast elsewhere, but atmosphere may be worth it if average is ok for you.I should mention the person serving my table, was superb.
2	We've been here many times but won't be back after today. No acknowledgement upon entering, then finally seated by the apparent owner who treated us like garbage... as pests who were inconveniencing him by being there. He was a total a-hole to us. Our regular waitress is also very unpleasant and always screws up. Plus she also always treats us like inconvenient pests. Today was the last straw. Coffee is total slop... lukewarm brown water. Cream is fake. Food is mediocre at best and certainly not worth the bad service and being treated like crap. But it does have very cool Coca-Cola decor! We'll go to Denny's or Flapjacks from now on! Happy New Year Phil.
