5	This was a pleasant surprise.Having passed the place often we finally decided to go in and give it a try. The food menu was written on a chalkboard, as was the drink menu, and the decor was simple and clean, no nick-nacks just rustic wooden tables and a bar.  The appetisers offered all sounded great but I went with the "Ravioli de cervelles", which was a great choice! Super flavourful and soft like butter.And for my main I went with veal cheeks & risotto, which again was a good choice...I don't think there are bad choices in this restaurant.The price was less then we expected, it wasn't cheap but not ridiculous either ($94 dollars for two, with 2 drinks each). I'm going back here for sure.
5	Loved the place - waitress was super nice, she did her best to talk in English even if it was challenging for her. Just trying makes a huge difference ! Food was excellent, a great discovery for the area. Very simple decor, reminded me of a French small Bistro.I definitely recommend the place.
4	I was really surprised at how delicious the food was!I had a delicious squash gnocchi loaded with vegetables and my hubby had lamb and scallops. Everything was cooked to perfection. Ambiance was good, not too loud and service was quick too.Would definitely go again!
2	I've heard about Chez Bouffe from a friend who lives in Hochelaga for nearly a year before I finally got around to trying it myself. Now, all the praise I had heard was for the dinner service, but my roommate had tried their brunch offerings and found them really good, so off to Chez Bouffe we went on a Sunday.The place itself is lovely, the service was nice, and their whole brunch menu looked very appetizing (steak & eggs, friend chicken & waffles, scotch eggs, mimosas, yum!)I ordered the scotch egg side-dish (I think they call them tapas), and the fried chicken & waffles.The scotch egg was good, a soft-boiled egg with a delicious deep-fried chorizo crust around it.The fried chicken however, was soggy. The batter tasted of flour despite being a little spicy. My dining companion's fried chicken had batter that was in parts runny and wet. This was NOT good fried chicken, never mind being fried chicken that can compete with Triple Crown Dinette's (my go-to Southern food place in Montreal).The waffle was alright, and there was syrup and an onion-based gravy, as well as some very tasty roasted(?) shallots on top, but even that failed to bring the dish above a meh. The portions were pretty big and I left very full, but I was expecting better from Chez Bouffe. I do plan to try Chez Bouffe again for dinner, but I think they're off my list for brunch, especially after hearing from a friend who's been for brunch quite a few times that the quality of the food dropped recently.
