5	I miss this place! Definately the best take out Chinese food in the Charlotte area. I'm a huge fan of Chinese food and I have to say this was by far the best quality chinese food that I had since I've moved to Charlotte. Every dish that I've had is delicious! Chopsticks is located close to the University area and its kind of hidden so if you don't live in the area you wouldn't even know it was there. But the food is really good. My favorites from there are their pork friend rice, sesame chicken, and boneless spare ribs! You will definately taste their difference between their food and other Chinese places.I wish Southpark would have a Chopsticks!
1	Actually they don't deserve one star. Poor service, really rude and nasty. The wife must have had bigger dreams for her life in America because she seems more than miserable. I am not going to call her racist, yet. I would say the times I have been there she will at least crack a fake smile for the few caucasians that walk in. I tried to blow it off as just a bad day but she's way too consistent. I mean the people in this neighborhood keep your business running and you show up every day without an ounce of gratitude. The wretch won't get another penny from me.
3	The egg rolls and lo mein are good.  Fried rice is good as well.  I have had a few other dishes (chicken and broccoli) that were good as well.  The only dish I don't like is the general tso's chicken.  I would probably give this place 4 or 5 stars if this dish was good (it is my favorite dish to get at chinese places when done well) but it is just bad here.  The chicken is grizzly and horrible quality.  I feel like they use whatever they trim off the chicken and broccoli chicken in the general tso's chicken.  It is such a shame to be honest.  Everything else has been good but the general tso's is low quality.
2	Food is good but the server/manager sucks. He was very rude when taking our orders. Called in for a pick up and went to go pick it up...it wasn't even made.
3	You know when you work full time and are a full time student it's great to have a place that'll deliver but it sucks that it tends to take a while for it to get to you. The food is good. Some dishes are awesome and then some are not so good. I usually get beef broccoli and I've realized that on occasion it'll be an ok item to eat from here then other days its the best ever. I do know that they have some awesome pork egg rolls. When I first moved up here i searched everywhere around me to find some good egg rolls about 6 restaurants later I found this place ha. The people that take the orders are usually anal and have a bad attitude not sure why I mean when I order I do tend to help them stay in business most places I think would be happy. Oh and if you don't tip they usually talk in Chinese to the people In the back and show the receipt pointing which usually tends to make it obvious as to what's wrong. Moral to the story if your needing something fast then this is the place but if you want the best of the best I'd say look elsewhere.
3	Best Chinese good ever. Terrible service,they are rude and don't look happy also I noticed their sanitation score keeps decreasing it was 90% and to me that is low...
1	Go somewhere else for takeout!  You call and it is not made when you get there.  It is one of the few chinese food takeouts that I dont like in Charlotte.
3	Great food, horrible customer service. The lady that usually takes the orders is always rude on the phone, never greets anyone properly, and sounds like she hates life. The worst part is she doesn't pretend to be grateful for the people that are keeping her family business afloat. If it weren't for the fact that they make the best lo-mein I've had in Charlotte, they would never get another penny from me. So I only order every now and then when I'm really craving it. They need to change their attitudes towards customers.
1	I looked at their menu. I saw Szechuan dumplings in Hot Oil. My mouth was watering. I called to place order. They don't have that. WTF??? Oh well...back to surfing.
1	The rice was awful and plain. The Mongolian beef was mostly onions. Very little meat.
