5	I am not new to this whole orthodontia deal. I had braces when I was a kid for 2 1/2 years and because of several factors, I found myself needing them again at 22.I have been so impressed by the the entire staff. Sue is knowledgible, understanding of my finances as a college student, and always friendy; Gloria and Debbie are always so funny and excited to see me; and Dr. Bowen is hilarious, always willing to explain everything to me in detail, and a genuinely good person.While having braces for a second time is not anybody's idea of an ideal situation, Great Big Smiles has made the experience pretty great. My teeth look better, my TMJD is improving, and I legitimately look forward to every appointment.It doen't hurt that they gave my a wide-array of payment options so I could pick one that would fit in my budget.I just came from an appointment and the icing on the cake it that I left with literally the best smelling/tasting chapstick of my existance. Before you ask: no, I am not eating chapstick. Just sayin'.I could literally not be an iota happier with my choice in orthodontic practice.
5	My kids look forward to EVERY appointment with Dr. Bowen. He is so wonderful with all the kids! Even including envious siblings! The entire office is friendly welcoming an professional. They are so easy to work with regarding appointments. Understanding kids and parents sched. They are a wonderful team ready to work with all ages of patients!! Everyone in the office is genuinely interested in the kids and remember from appointment to appointment the kids interests and sports.  My kids feel like the center of everyone's attention. I can not say enough about our on going experience with dr. Bowen and his beautiful staff. My kids even brag about his office to all their friends. They explain things in detail but to the kids at their level as well. My sons smile is amazing thanks to dr. Bowen!!!
5	Dr. Bowen and his team are the bomb!  I could not be happier with the thorough attention given to my girls and their orthodontic issues, but also with the care and attention they give to them as individuals. My girls actually look forward to going to see Dr. Bowen and his staff. They actually make the appointments fun! Dr. Bowen is professional, but also a big kid who relates to the kids on every little thing going on in their lives. He so easily takes their minds off the fact they are getting their teeth moved into place while they are enjoying the moment!  We have referred anyone we know needing Orthodontic care to Dr. Bowen. There are two offices, so it makes it convenient for anyone in need.  The other thing I LOVE is that we are usually in a hurry for everything and they make sure we are in and out without delays. The only problem is, who wants to leave after you arrive??...it really is always the bright spot in a hectic day.  Thanks Dr. Bowen and everyone at GBS!!
