4	Autozone has been known as a recommended place by DIY car guys.They usually have everything I want at good prices and I rather come here than a general store. As with other auto maintenance shops I've visited, I need to have patience when checking out as some times the people working there are usually busy helping customer with parts inquiry.When I had to do some spark plugs and engine work at night when it is cooler, Autozone's late hours help. They have knowledgeable people who can give a good idea how much turn is needed to apply 18 pounds of wrench force, did a free OBD tool scan on multiple visit for car's error code, and can buy specific tool or piece.
4	Good selection of stuff, service is nice.
1	It took three trips to Autozone to get my battery replaced that was under warranty. I even brought the print out from my mechanic's machine that stated the battery was bad. Michael, the manager, told me, "I have been an ASE certified mechanic for 35 years and I know this is a good battery". He then told me I should have done a parasitic diagnostic test on the car to see what the problem was. However, I explained to him my mechanic had hooked my car up TWICE and each time it had diagnosed the problem to a bad battery.He finally tested the battery again, and this time his machine showed it was a bad battery.I will not go to this Autozone again. Horrible customer service.
1	Advertise they test batteries, showed up to have a battery test and he declined to come outside due to short staff. After I got in my car I saw about 12 employees parade out. Poor service and false advertisement.
4	The crew here is always helpful and are willing to look into things to help you figure out the problem.  It's by the house been coming here for years.They don't know everything but they will try and get you in the right direction.
5	Last week, I came in late...an hour before closing...with a battery problem.  Seeing that I was in a suit, an employee named Enrique H. offered to help install the battery.  Additionally, he was extremely polite and very helpful.  Working nearby, I have been to this store on several occasions and never once been disappointed with the quality and courtesy of service...really, it is outstanding!  Will return often.
