2	Las Vegans pass by Terrible Herbst locations every day. But have you ever really taken a look at their stores? From the circa 1980's style lettering on the outside to dull, dingy, boring, cramped, and sometimes downright dirty stores on the inside I wonder how on earth they stay in business? Actually I think they've got it figured it out. They put 2 on each corner along busier streets like a bottom feeder net to try and scoop up any traffic they can get. This location has a twin on the North side of Sunset as proof of concept. Terribles is one of the worst C-stores I've ever stepped foot in and this location in particular is a dump. To get to the gas pumps you get to run the gauntlet of cars leaving Wendys, the car wash, or especially WalMart who cut through the gas pumps like NASCAR cup racers going for the championship. If you do get to a pump the pumps themselves are dirty. The button pads to punch in your credit / debit card info are torn or missing. But while pumping gas you can occasionally get some free entertainment thanks to the Henderson PD busting speeders and illegal U-Turns from the parking lot. If you go inside the staff is always nice, but the place is cramped, stacked, and packed so that you get that nice canned sardine feeling. I flat refuse to get a fountain drink here, the self serve options just creep me out. And the bathroom? Ugh, I think I'll skip that part. If you just have to stop for gas, or get something to drink it's barely tolerable. But if there's ever a poster child for why Terrible Herbst should invest in some upgrades and maybe some cleaning supplies, this location is it. 2 Stars and that's only because the employees provide good service.
1	Don't wash your car here. Car looked almost as dirty afterwards. Old and run down as well. I am bummed.
1	Horrible service, been going there for years and have never had an issue. They must be under new management because they have gone so far downhill it is unreal. Sad that the Herbst family business is represented by this place!Will look for another location to get my oil changed and it won't be Terrible Herbst.
1	Well on 5/29/14 I took my car in to get a wash and oil change. As they did a good job on interior part of my car etc my E-Cig ($80) battery was stolen out of my car from there. It is a lesson learned from me as you can't trust having your important stuff in your car while you wait. I know nothing will happen from this but as I work in auto industry (sell online diagnostic resourse) I will make sure this company has to pay highest prices for are software and will never return unless I need gas real bad and I am driving by. If I catch one of the employees at rush hour etc I feel bad for them. O my e-cig is missing well then how did that black eye get there;) Anyway screw them.
