3	It didn't blow my mind.  Walking into this place for a business luncheon, i noted that the interior design is very nice... airy even, perfect for a lunch with friends (new friends).  The wait staff was very friendly, clean, and helpful.  The sushi was nothing extraordinary.  I thought it was rather fresh, for a sushi spot in the outskirts of Montreal (an industrial area of Longueuil), and the place had some very interesting interpretations of rolls.  Deep fried dragon rolls, a roll with red eggs, ahi, shrimp and carrots... all in all, not BAD, but some of the flavor combinations were certainly questionable.We ordered a large tray of a variety of sushi, and each of us had a salad or miso soup.  The salad had a nice peanut-ginger dressing -- a highlight.
4	C'est ma place pour les sushi le midi. Rapide et frais on peut commander et emporter.
4	I had gone here for lunch while in the south shore shortly after 1130am.  I had to ask if they were open as there was no patrons in the restaurant.  The server said yes they were open and brought me to a nice seat by the front window.I had the lunch special of 6 pieces of roll, 4 nigiri and 3 sashimi as well as I had added a hamachi roll as well.  I was given a choice of soup or salad to start so I went with the miso soup.  As I was waiting for my lunch lots of people starting showing up and the place was suddenly packed.  Several groups and couples all came in at once and there was a couple others coming in for take out.  It took a while for my server to return which was understandable as how busy it suddenly became.My lunch was great.  It was a very nice mix of different rolls, nigiri and a few pieces of sashimi.  The added roll was also put on my plate as well.  The quality of the rolls was very good as I would expect to see in a made to order a la carte type menu.The presentation was nice as well.  I had only one tiny issue and it was I could have done with more than a pinch of wasabi.  Besides that everything just right and I almost couldn't finish it all.  The quality was very good and the prices were in line with what I was expecting.I enjoyed this lunch a lot and I would return.
