5	Loved Loved Loved this place! Bring your own bottle of wine or beer and sit and relax as you paint.  All the worries you have go out the door!  The only thing you will worry about will be "how will my painting turn out?".  The instruction was thorough but not complicated to follow.  This was my first time attending this type of art class.  I had heard about friends doing this in other cities and looked for a place in Charlotte where I could try it out.  Cajun Canvas in the only place in town.  I went with my boyfriend, who at first was not excited to go.  I persuaded him with the fact that he could drink his beer while he painted.  Also, he has had a couple of stressful weeks at work and just wanted to relax.  He didn't believe me when I said painting could be relaxing.  Once we started our paintings, he relaxed completely and was really into his painting.  He was the last one to finish his up because he was having such a good time detailing and perfecting his picture.  I feel like he could have been there for another hour if he could.  After the class, he said he would do it again!  My boyfriend is a guys-guys, into sports, beer, and working out.  So if he got into it, any guy will.  We went on a Thursday night and another group of six was there as well.  They were three cute and fun couples in their 50's-60's.  They had a blast.  It was fun to see how all 8 of our paintings were different, even though we were paiting the same thing.  Your personality and mood really shows through.  For example, my mountains were very smooth and soft, but my boyfriends were jagged and sharp.  I think this could represent how stressed he has been lately and how calm I have been.  I feel this place would do really well in the Dilworth and South Park areas.  If they ever wanted to expand, I think they should go there next!
5	This art class is wonderful! I went with two friends and had the best time.  I am not artistic at all, and my painting turned out great!  Such a relaxing atmosphere, great teacher, and all the supplies are included...plus, the byob is awesome.  PERFECT activity for date night, girls night out, or just a solo evening.  I CAN'T WAIT to go back!!!!!
5	Had a blast! Karen is a great instructor. Love the Louisiana flare!
5	I was a bit skeptical walking into Cajun Canvas, as my painting skills approximate that of a child just learning to hold a crayon.  But my friend dragged me, and I decided to be a good sport.  The facility is bright and all we needed was waiting for us at the table: 4 brushes, apron, easel, canvas, and paint.  The instruction was slow and clear, and the instructor was very complimentary and suggestive if we needed help.  By the end of the class, I was shocked at how good my painting looked, and when I brought it home I was told it actually looked like real art (clearly, the bar was set very low).  I wish I'd known that you could bring drinks or food with you (although they do sell drinks for $1 each from the fridge), as my friend brought sangria and snacks.
5	Very good instructor and very well organised. After trying out few other similar outlets in Charlotte, definitely rate Cajun Canvas the best. Quality of material, teaching is very good. Enjoyable by a novice and experienced painters alike. One feedback is to add more and more new paintings.
5	I just had a great time yet again painting at Cajun Canvas. I am just one punch away from getting my free class! They have a frequent painter card. Buy 10 classes and get one free! I really enjoy painting at Cajun Canvas. For one they are next to a great little Cuban place that is perfect for grabbing lunch or dinner beforehand. They also have great teachers. I have painted with Karen, the owner, and Mike. Tonight I painted with Mike. He is kind of quiet and gets very into his painting. He likes to walk around and give each person their own feedback, which is good, but can make the class last a little bit long sometimes. I think he loves to paint and you can see that in the way he enjoys teaching and talking to people. He takes the time to show certain brushstrokes and is always super patient. You are more than welcome to bring in wine and beer and snacks. Just a helpful hint, bring a cup with a lid. I have on more than one occasion stuck my paintbrush in my wine cup. Oops. At the end of the class you get to take home your masterpiece. Just please keep in mind yours will look different than others. Do not go into the class thinking you will walk out with what you see online. That will only happen if you pay the instructor for his/her painting. Everyone will have a slightly different painting and that is what makes this fun! Embrace your unique style!
4	I enjoy going to Cajun Canvas with my friends. It's a great way to just focus on something fun, and leave the day behind a little.I've painted with a few of the teachers, but I've had Mike the most. He is quiet, and sometimes I'm not sure how my painting looks in his eyes (probably awful!) but when you take it home, yours is the best.Mike will walk around and give you some tips on your work, and let you know any techniques you can use to enhance your painting.At Cajun Canvas, you may bring snacks, food, beer and wine - just be sure not to dip your brush into your wine glass instead of your water cup. ;)I think the best part about the paintings is that  at the end of the class you can see how different everyone's turned out, love your painting, you created it!Look online for deals at : SweetJack.com / Halfoffdepot / or other deal sites.Paint 10 times and get one class Free!Private Classes for Groups avilable
4	I've been to Cajun Canvas twice, painted two different paintings and had two different instructors.  Both times I was extremely happy with my painting (even though I really have zero painting skills), and the instructors were very helpful and patient with even the worst artists in the group.One suggestion - go with a group or at least a friend.  Painting with someone is more fun than painting in a room filled with people who know each other and being the odd man out.
4	I attended a corporate event here and it was a lot of fun.  There was wine, appetizers, and painting...you couldn't go wrong.  I will say that our instructor went a little faster than I would have liked and could have spoken up; however, she was fun and was willing to help.  I would definitely go back.
4	I went to Cajun Canvas for the first time the other night.  (Definitely have dinner at A Little Piece of Havana before your painting experience!)I really enjoy painting, and I've usually got some kind of art project in the works at home, so I was excited to go to a little painting lesson!  The project was to paint a moonlit beach, lots of dark blue and back, a little bit of highlighting white.  The painting looked pretty simple, but pretty.  Cajun Canvas is BYOBeer or Wine.  You can also bring snacks!  (just be sure to keep the food and drink separate from the paint!)  When you get there (be sure to arrive 15 mins early!), you check in at the front, pick out your seat and get your materials.  You get a packet of brushes, with every brush that you'll need, an apron, and two paper plates for paint and blending.  They even tell you how many pumps of each color paint you'll need!  Easy Peasy!  Mike was our instructor, and while he was very friendly, he's not very descriptive - so you just kind of wing it.  But that's what this class is about!  Painting for fun - winging it - and relaxing.  The thing that I liked most about Mike was that he walks around the room to each artist to check on you, to see how things are going.  He offers good advice and help, but doesn't ever try to interrupt your painting style or touch your canvas.   I'm a total weirdo when it comes to that, I don't want anyone to touch my painting - because it's mine!  Mike is much more helpful one on one, and makes you feel more comfortable.  I was really pleased with my painting.  You kind of just have to roll with it, your painting will not look like the instructors!  And that's ok!  Oh, and keep an eye out for Groupon or Living Social deals!  Happy Painting!
5	This is one of the most fun nights I've had in Charlotte. Shannon was an awesome teacher, and was very helpful. I was nervous that the painting we were doing that night was going to be difficult but Shannon was reassuring and gave a lot of good tips. If you wanted to change the color scheme Shannon helped you pick out the colors that would coordinate well together. I'll be coming back for sure, especially since they give out a punch card and after so many classes you get to do one for free.
4	I am by far not a creative person, or talented artist in anyway. Shannon was our instructor this night, and she was very fun and made it very easy to follow along. She gave great instructions, and was very encouraging to our group to be creative and not be worried about "messing up". I loved my painting at the end! I can't wait to do it again. The reason I deducted one star is the room is kind of long and I was at the back so it was hard to hear Shannon over the chit chat around me at times. Highly recommend!
5	The staff was amazing. Everyone is so personable and knowledgeable. I'm far from artistically inclined and my instructor (forgot her name :'( ) was always willing to help. My painting turned out great and I cannot wait to go back!
