3	The burgers were excellent, but at the price they should be the best. Service was friendly, but slow.The restaurant had a unique feel to it with the open stud walls and the cutting board plates. However, the plates are not practical at all, I had to put a ball of paper towels next to my food to prevent the juice from running on to my lap and staining my clothes. The waiting staff was extremely friendly, but there was only one waitress for taking orders, serving food, cashing out, setting up/cleaning tables.
3	My burger (Shroomed) was really good. The waitress was friendly and, because we went after the peak hours, there wasn't any issue with wait time. BUT, I think, for $15, I feel like I shouldn't have to pay $4.50 for fries. What's more, the portion of the fries was pretty sad. It felt a little money-grabby to me. I think if we had gone earlier, there was a special with fries? I'm not sure if I heard her right......Overall, you could probably get a better bang for your buck else where. It does have a bit of an atmosphere so might be good for a date....
3	Yes the burger is delicious and fries are good but I ended up paying something like $35 for a burger, frie and a drink (a coke fyi).There are equally good burgers at almost half the price and that tells you something.Lastly, while the fries are very good (hestonesque if you like) only minced is no fat duck to charge $4.5 for a tiny cup of fries. I counted it and it came out to 14 fries, so its 32 cents per fry.If you have deep pockets  this place is for you.
5	Best burger in town , and I've tried a few places in NYC also... Quality of meat and fries is out of this world . If you look for quality , please go here meat lovers .. Fries best ever and the sauce OMG ! This joint ain't Mcdonalds. Fyi i had their special deal , burger, fries, sauce and a HUGE pint of beer , for $30.00. Fair priced for the QUALITY you get.
2	There's a real disconnect between the food, price and atmosphere of this place. The 4oz burgers start at 11$ with a not so good salad (which can't be swapped for fries even at a premium)...so really you're looking at at least 18$ for a 4oz burger with fries...21$ for 6oz. I will say the burger is quite good, with the homemade bun being the standout here, but the place feels like any old pub. I think they need to figure out what kind of burger spot they want to be to create a consistent dining experience. As a friend said, "It's no surprised they're dead on a Saturday night."
4	The most amazing burgers that I have ever had in Canada but the place doesn't match right. The look of the place and music doesn't match the menu. It's hard to describe but the burgers and fries are still amazing.I only give this place 4/5 not 5/5 because it is a little pricy for just burgers and the fries are an addition. Hamburger and fries are suppose to come as a package.
