1	if you want a place where the staff talks shit about you to all the other employees and customers, come here!  Or if you want to sit yourself at a table (as directed) and wait 5 or minutes for a server, come here! service at tables is beyond slow and completely terrible.  servers (and bartenders) have no knowledge of draft beers, or even what they have.  I get that there is a lot of beers on tap and the taps change, which is cool, but when I ask about a unique beer or a specific type on draft, I expect an answer besides "I don't know".  I wanted to love this spot for its dive bar feel, selection of draft beer, and food served till 2 AM, but the service and management make it really hard to like.  specifically Michelle, goes out of her way to avoid you, if she doesn't like you, which would be fine if she didn't tell her coworkers and other customers how much she hates you, which all of them will gladly remind you of.  Her unprofessionalism of bringing up past (4 or 5 years ago) issues dampers the atmosphere and adds and high school drama feel to the whole place.  And don't bother talking to management, regardless of her unprofessionalism, poor judgment, poor service, and flat out rudeness the owner will take her side, even though he is losing major money in his pocket!  regardless of a "past history" with Michelle or not, I can guarantee that you will have poor service, overpriced beers, and an uncomfortable atmosphere.  I will never be back to this establishment and would much rather take my business to another local business with professional servers, timely service, and reasonable prices.
4	Great ace for a great time and great food
4	Newly reopened. Excellent atmosphere for a neighborhood bar. Owner is usually there and takes care of the patrons.
2	Man, the amazing hand made Veggie Egg Rolls stuffed with cabbage, sprouts, and ginger in a nice thick wonton wrapper at the old Chop and Wok location have been replaced with frozen egg rolls out of a bag stuffed with mush.  I am so sad.  The old egg rolls were one of my favorite food items in the Valley.  I used to pick up bag fulls to take home and savor.  Today I bought 4 of them, but called it a day after eating one.  If you ever bring the old ones back Cop and Wok, I would be eternally grateful!*This review is only for the veggie egg roles and not intended to reflect anything else the Chop and Wok offers.  The service today was also really good fwiw.
1	By far the worst costumer service evercompletely blown away how rude they were! What happened to the costumer always being right no matter what the circumstances may be. Gave me chicken instead of shrimp call back talk to a bimbo named Amanda that said that it'd only by 30 minutes to deliver which she offered since that'd be the tight thing to do since the order was messed up. Over an hour later nothing came and called back everyone played dumb asking round saying no one heard of such thing happening. Even though called out Amanda, the girl that I talked to that assured me of this deal then  tried saying would be delivery charge when it wasn't my fault in the first place so why would i be paying for when they messed up. told them they needed to get their "stuff" together for messing up and now I'm the one being innoprioate. Hope they'll miss the weekend business they get from my huge family cause we will never being eating their shitty over priced crappy food again mostly because this isn't the first time they've messed up like this forgetting things here or there.  They didn't even try to resolve it or do something to try make something work for the costumer cause who knew business revolves with making the customer happy.  If I could I would give 0 stars when rating this pathetic establishment that shouldn't have tried to make a come back.
2	I have been eating here since the late 90's when I was in college. I watched them grow from one small room to two. I was so excited to try their new location. I came in after work alone on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. I was excited to see the great beer selection. I ordered a vanilla porter. It was quite tasty. It took awhile to put a food order in but the food came out pretty fast. I had the orange chicken and a teriyaki egg roll. Both where very good. My beer was gone by this point and I was never offered water. I sat and sat and sat and sat with zero service. My bartender a female with sunglasses on her head ignored me and the only other guy sitting on the one side of the bar. A bartender asked him eventually what he wanted butDidnt acknowledge me. Finally the female bartender asked if I wanted another beer I said no just a to go container and my tab. I am seriously disappointed. So my one piece of advice is call in a to go and pick it up yourself. Don't waster your time with the terrible customer service!!  Ug. Terrible!!
4	I liked it when they were in the Tastee Freez and I like them now. I never had the problems others had. The service is always good and attentive and friendly and I have long ago outlived fashionable. I don't get takeaway and I like one kind of beer. The Orange Chicken is incredible as is the Peanut Chicken and the Kiwi Strawberry Chicken. It's good basic cheap food until two in the morning. I'm going for lunch tomorrow.
5	Great food!
4	This was our first back at Chop N Wok since they reopened. We had normally gotten carry out only. We liked the new location, it is much easier to get in and out of and find a parking place. They have great beer selection.  Glad to see Sleepy Dog Red Rover Ale. Looking forward to trying Mr. Pineapple on our next trip.The food was excellent and very well done. I had the Cantonese Scampi which was very good. Appetizers were very good also. The Jalapeno Poppers and the crab puffs were both very tasty. Everyone enjoyed their foodService was ok, but not outstanding. Our beers set on the waitress stand at the bar longer than normal. There were only maybe 3 tables with people at them.  They had plenty of help shooting the breeze that possibly could have gotten it to the table sooner. We enjoyed the food, the atmosphere and the great beer selection.  We will be back.
4	The back story on this place is fascinating and I hope they do well. Don't go in expecting great service. Service is very hit and miss, but the food and beer are great. The restaurant/bar is really funky looking. Sort of a punk rock meets surfer spot in Scottsdale. Seems like it should be in San Diego. I liked the ribs. The wine is terrible but beer is served in a cold mug and is very good. Open Mike was interesting to see. We were there on a great talent night....but, this probably varies. Nice spot with a warm neighborly feel.
2	I always liked this place when they were at Scottsdale and Shea, now they are around the corner on Scottsdale Road. The interior is funky dive decor. Went for lunch. Had a fantastic gal as a server, very on top of things, even bringing sodas in a to go cup without asking. The sweet and sour pork would have been good but the pork was so tough, like shoe leather, I could barely chew it. Brown rice was excellent, egg roll was marginal and the won ton was cold and tough. Portions are huge. I will give it another try to see if other dishes are better. If they use a better cut of pork this might make all the difference. Large bar area with tvs.
1	Oh My God, no no never again.  Tried it after passing it for years, so I went for some take out after they moved..  Food was 0 stars, beef tasted old in fried rice, chicken tasted odd also, I have had better fried house rice m,any other places in the city and other states for sure.  My friend had pepper beef which also not good and she said it was very old tasting.  perhaps others can see some positives here in new location... but food is not worth trying it.
4	I was lured in one early Saturday morning by a guy waving a sign advertising a bacon & egg breakfast special on the corner of Scottsdale & Shea.  Whats a hungry girl to do? I see the word bacon, and I come running.  I was pretty surprised that they were open so early in the morning, so I went on in to check it out. What I found was a super cool bar with crazy decorations and colors and pretty damn good food too, at very reasonable prices. I was told their chicken fried steak is a must try, so I'll have to get that next time. The bartender and cook were very friendly. Also came back one night for drinks with a girlfriend and once again had a very cool bartender, and we opted for some asian dishes which weren't bad at all. Really cool place for drinks with friends, will come back for sure. Tip- this place opens up like at 7am on weekends!
3	I live nearly across the street from Chop and Wok.. and have heard great things about the food and that is my main reason for coming in for dinner with my mom. I am giving it three stars for the food: I ordered the black pepper chicken all a carte and my mom ordered the kung pao chicken... both were great!The atmosphere was not so great... I am not a dive bar gal and either is my mom... all the patrons seemed to be the unemployable type... who yell across the restaurant to each other when coming and going from the smoking area on the patio.... they also kept changing the jukebox to loud 70s rock that was way too loud for us regular folks.Probably wont be dinning in again, but I may order out or delivery
5	my favorite bar!!! mmmm fried rice ...nicest and most amazing bartenders(especially rach she is the best :) :)) this is my bar forever!!!
5	I had the best lunch today at Chop and Wok. We had scheduled a business lunch meeting and I suggested Chop and Wok since I hadn't eaten at the restaurant since they moved to their new location. What a delightful surprise. The food was better than I ever remembered. And the service... outstanding, attentive, helpful and very friendly. When my plate came, I was so impressed with the amount of food and the beauty of the plating, I had to take a picture. Just as I thought, I could not finish the whole thing. My meeting partners were so impressed as well and made sure they talked to the owner, Stacy, letting him know they would all be back and with their friends, family and co-workers.  Thank you Chop and Wok for continuing with the great tradition of great service, food, and atmosphere.  I will be back. I promise.
2	I really wanted to love this place especially because I like supporting neighborhood restaurants instead of the big chains.  However, the food is just marginal.  The egg roll was so small, lacked flavor and was very mushy - perhaps it was a frozen variety?  The cashew chicken had very little chicken and cashews and way too many mushrooms.  The mongolian beef was okay, but not the best I've ever had.  Ordered the crispy honey chicken for the kiddos and it should have been called the mushy chicken.  I think if they would infuse some more flavor to their menu then this could be a great place.
4	Loved it! Little pricey but so good!
1	I wanted this place to be good because many people tell me about their first location and how good it was.  It wasn't.  Feel very lucky if you show up and they notice!! Service is slow and horrible.
1	My family and I went here - I was super excited and it turned out to be the worst Chinese food I have ever had. Almost like something was wrong. The honey crisp shrimp was good, but the pepper beef was awful - we didn't eat any of it and they still charged us - never eating here again.
3	We tried Chop and Wok for the first time on a Wednesday night.  It does have a dive bar sort of atmosphere but it was fun and lively.  Every employee we encountered was very friendly and a pleasure to deal with; they truly make you feel welcome.  That said the food was at best average.   We had two appetizers, the fried won tons (OK, but cooked to extra-extra-crispy) and jalapeno puffs that were good with a little kick.   Two of us had Chicken Kung Pao that had plenty of vegetables but was over saucy and blah, it needed more heat.   Another companion had Mongolian Beef that was really tough and hard to eat.  Over-all I hope things go well there, a good neighborhood feel.   I probably would explore other area options before going back.
1	This is not a Chinese restaurant, but rather a loud middle-aged bar that happens to serve Chinese food. Food was mediocre, service was lousy and it is not the right venue for the percussion-heavy live music they provide.
5	Alright.... If you love a good dive bar, and a dive bar with AMAZING chinese food, then this is your place! The jukebox is a huge hit here with people literally qeueing the song list for over 2 hours. It's a fun place with live music on occasion and a very friendly staff. They serve food until 2 am, something not found very often. Overall, this place is unique and is a great experience.
1	Had a big take out order of multiple dishes.  Yuck!  Not only is it pricey now, and the boxes are smaller but there is ABSOULUTELY no flavor!!  Not one of the take out boxeswerer labeled, so it was a mystery as to what you were eating.  Meat?  Where was the meat?  If there was a piece or two the beef was tough and grisly, chicken obsolete.  There was so much sauce I questioned if it was stew!!  Ordered the Kung Pao chicken and if I got it, which I don't know it all looked and tasted the same, there was no spice at all.   Crab puffs were the only saving grace and a reminder that I really did order from Chop and Wok. Never again will I order from Chop and Wok.  I have been a customer since I was in highschool  and am so disappointed that this legend has gone bust with crappy food! Hope the owners really take a good look at these reviews as many of us are saying the exact same thing.
5	Great food and lot's of fun....  These guys really take care of their customers.  Bartenders are VERY attentive.  It's the best Friday night happy hour in North Scottsdale.
2	I usually order from another place but they don't deliever to my work place. I gave Chop Wok a try after a suggestion from a fellow employee.  I ordered 2 Shrimp Dishes.  Both I felt were disappointing and for what I payed I was expecting more.I got mostly a box full of veggies smothered in gravy  with 4 shrimp,  and a carton of overcooked noodles 3 shrimp and about 50 watercrests. ( not that I dont like them it's just it was almost all there was in the box with the noodles. )I think from now on Ill stick to my local place instead and bring their food with me to work.
3	Chop and wok somehow combines the Full bar, open mic, surferish, chinesish vibe. A bit of an identity crisis, ironically like most people and places in Scottsdale, but they make it work. The place was clean, the customer service was good, the food wasnt bad. I had the Mongolian beef with white rice. Total $8.65 before tip.Nothing to write home about, but I would come back.
5	I love this place!!! The assortment of beers, the great Chinese food and the amazing friendly staff!!!! I've been back many times and always have a great experience!!!
3	Great bar atmosphere with Chinese food! Good waitress but needed help with our large group! Food Ok!  Lots of beer selections!
5	I'm from a small town and love the small town feel, good music selection for Snobsdale. I can't help where I live but I can choose to go to a bar and restaurant that has down to earth feel. 31 beers on tap. My favorites border between Lumberjack Red and Mission Shipwrecked. I haven't tried the food yet, but that doesn't even matter! Anytime I can sit and enjoy a beer with a well educated bartender (who knows the difference between an amber and a stout, hard to find in most bars surprisingly) and listen to sublime, queen, oldies rock, system of a down and 90s rap then I'm game. Your food could be made of horse shit. I'd still come here every weekend for dope people and a NORMAL people vibe. Such a nice escape from the sea of snobs I've encountered since moving here. I recommend this place if your nose isn't stuck in the air. Keep doin what you're doin, chop and wok. It's worked for the last TWENTY SEVEN years!!! :)
5	Chinese food and beer served until 2am...how nice. Big bar, big patio, great staff and even a few customers were helpful as what too order. They suggested black pepper chicken with kung pao sauce over chow mein noodles. It was a great choice as this dish wasn't too spicy and the crispy noodles made a great alternative to boring old rice. Egg rolls were not great though, but had to try them out right. They have plenty of craft beers on tap, but no real master list of everything. Otherwise, it's a great concept and good food to boot.
4	I have always been a fan of chop and wok. It was my first time in the new location and I have to say they have it going on. Great selection of beers and tons of TV's all around. Not sure if they have a happy hour but it was a bit pricey for drinks and chinese food.
4	If you make a batch of rice, please taste it before serving it to customers.  The rice is important in a Chinese place, but on this day it was woefully overcooked, mushy and unedible.
2	Meh.  I wasn't impressed with the szechuan chicken I had here.  I thought it would be crispier like it usually is at other Chinese restaurants.  It's got a great atmosphere though and they're incredibly efficient.
3	Interesting restaurant.  Never seen a Chinese restaurant that offers full bar menu.  Concept was new and good but the food wasn't really all that impressive.  Being Asian myself, my review is a bit bias.  But I don't mind trying new places.  Give it a try yourself and decide if you like it or not.
4	Ordered for delivery and yummy! So glad I finally found some fresh and tasty Chinese food. I ordered fried rice cooked exactly as I asked and it was so tasty it didn't even need soy sauce. The egg rolls had good flavor but didn't travel well as they were soggy in the middle. Overall I will definitely be a repeat customer. Give them a try.
2	So, here's the lowdown on chop and wok!!Do you go for the food? No, while it's not awful it's just very average. Very heavy and thick loaded w MSG.Do you go for the service? No. We waited 10 minutes at our table and nobody acknowledged us. So, you ask the bartender and he will say "I will find someone to help you"Do you go for ambience? No, it's let's say "eclectic" and if you look around the place is dirty.So why go? Well, it was a group of 6 of us and we had a good time. You know what to expect there, not much. But it's has a good tap beer selection, it's not pricey and you know you can't be critical of this establishment.It is what it is!!!
2	The only reason I am even giving them 2 stars is because the decor and ambiance could be great!My boyfriend and I went here on a Monday evening at about 1130 PM. It was really dead in the except a few of the employees who were off shift. When we came in it smelled as if some one had taken disgusting mop water and thrown it around like holy water to christen the whole place. YUK. But, we were hungry and wanted to give this place a try since it is right next to our favorite pizza joint, Oregano's. We ordered the BBQ Lo Mein, Orange Beef, and Orange Chicken, and Crab Wantons. All of it was gross. The orange sauce had no flavor at all but when combined with the chicken and beef it made it have a bitter harsh after taste. The Lo Mein was slimy, mushy, and tasted like beef ramen  packets had been thrown in. The wantons were underfilled, dripping in grease, and tasteless. Our server was tolerable, she obviously was more interested in socializing with her obnoxious co workers than making sure our teas were full or we were ok. We were each going to order a beer or two, but never got the chance. She kept asking if we were ready for our check, even before we were half done with our meal. We had to wait till after 1 AM for our direct deposit to hit our account before we could leave, and trust me, it was not a moment too soon.I had already been sick to my stomach once since eating there in the two hours. If I had thought about it I would have asked for a refund. We definitely will not be returning!
2	We were looking for Chinese food and decided to give Chop&Wok a try in its' new location.  Walking in on a Saturday evening, we immediately found ourselves in a bar with plenty of happy hour revelers who were loudly enjoying themselves, screaming atop the music.  Smokers on the patio with a door left open means the whole place reeked of smoke.  Yahoooweee! Keeping an open mind, we placed a food order.  Service was pleasant but painfully slow.  Food arrived with no serving utensils (really???), we didn't bother to go hunt someone down for these missing items.   Happily we actually did have a fork AND knife (try getting a knife in a real Chinese restaurant).  Food was okay but nothing remarkable.  We were told they had live music scheduled for 8pm but we didn't stick around long enough to find out who or what that meant.  Oddly enough, for a place that is "newly relocated" it looked like it had been there for a really long time, ie., peeling paint on the walls, worn out barstools, doesn't look very clean....  I would classify as typical divvy bar ambience.If you are looking for a bar that happens to have a Chinese food menu, this is your place.  For me, not so much.
2	Decent food and service. The place was all hipped up by a friend so I was a little let down. I'm pretty sure I would not go there again.
2	Order some Chinese delivery for lunch today. I got chicken lo mien, pot stickers, and lettuce wraps. First I'll start off with the most edible of dishes, the pot stickers. Seemed to be of the frozen variety and deep fried not steamed or pan fried like every other dumpling. They were boring tasting and I wasn't a fan of the outside or inside texture. Now the lo mien insanely boring no flavor one bite and I was done. Now the chicken lettuce wraps totally inedible. By far one of the worst things I've ever put in my mouth. Just gross tasting, can't really describe it but I took one bite and then dropped that bite back on to my plate. On the plus side the delivery was reasonably fast, items were well packaged and arrived hot, and came with appropriate utensils and condiments. Overall big waste of my money and I'm def still hungry. Too bad because I had fond memories of the old location.
4	I liked the old place but this one is so much easier to get in and out of. the bartenders and servers are great, the atmosphere is good, it's not like any of the pretentious Scottsdale places. I dig it.
3	HOLY HANGOVER MONDAY...Came home Monday morning from a three day bender.. starving and feeling like Kate Moss. Called into work for a little PTO... crashed in my bed and dialed up some disgusting take out food. Hey I deserved it, I was on a pure vodka diet... don't judge me.I order enough food for four people knowing I will nosh a few days on left overs. I think I had Won Tons, egg drop soup, Chinese chicken salad and black pepper chicken.It arrives and I am so excited!!!! But due to my shrunken stomach I ate two or three bites and was so uncomfortably full..... then passed out on my couch. I woke a few hours later and had more of each meal throughout the day. All good and no complaints at this moment...... BUTT (heehee)The rest of the week my lower GI tract not so happy with all that nonsense... I'm still not complaining though, that makes a girl lean also. Nothing like a "cheat' meal combined with a colon detox
2	Ordered delivery, cashew chicken and crab puffs, i took one bite of the chicken and spit it out, it was awful!! The crab puffs were ok, but the chicken was terrible! I spent 20 bucks and'now have to go spend more
5	Been back many times. The owner Jamie and his entire staff are great. 30+ beers food served late and live music. High end snotty Scottsdale place? Nope. Excellent neighborhood joint to have a great time at.
4	I never went to the original location and finally had a chance to visit their new location today.  I found a great Groupon and took the family there to try it for our first time and were not disappointed. we ordered an enormous amount of food for less than $40 and had plenty to take home with us. vegetarian egg rolls and fried rice were killer. The Groupon was for the Dynasty platter, which was 3 egg rolls, hot & sour soup, king pao chicken, orange chicken and egg fried rice which was enough for 4. we also got the Dan Dan noodles and yellow curry chicken. no complaints ts about the food except the soup was a little salty, but we still finished the whole bowl.Service was great and friendly. I didn't know what to think about the decor, with surfboards and tropical fish hanging all over but that's the uniqueness of this place.... it's a place to drink and have Chinese food. Will definitely be going back.
1	YUCK!  Everything tasted like it had been sitting in a warming pan all day.  Not seasoned right and NOT fresh.  The KUNG PAO BEEF was mushy and the peanuts were soft.  The FRIED WONTONS were as hard as a rock and the meat inside was dry and had no flavor.  Don't try to use a GROUPON for a to go order either.  They gave me a hard time about it even though there was no indication on the Groupon website that it could only be used for dine in.  This was my first time eating at Chop and Wok and I only tried it because of the Groupon.    I won't be going back.  FLO's is so much better and fresh!
5	Love this place.  Friendly staff great food.  Jamies is a great guy, always trys to remember everyones names.
5	Greatest drink specials in all of central Scottsdale. All hail the Asian/Chuy's/San Felipe's/dive bar king!!!
4	just love this place, really one of the best Chinese in town.fast delivery, last time I got it home in less then 20 min.love the dinning atmosphere,  bar & Chinese,  great combo
1	! star because zero is not an option!run away & never look back.  it is a crappy bar first and foremost, that happens to offer really really bad chinese food on the side, when it is convenient for them. do not eat here!!!bad horriblewould not feed it to my dogget health insurance before you go, you might need your stomach pumped!server was polite enough but totally screwed up the orders on numerous attempts.
5	THIS PLACE IS THE SHIZ! ladies, watch out when Shane is working.. He will win you over with his amazing service and charm. Rachel is also the bomb.com! I love her! This bar is like our "Cheers" and whenever we come in we have our drinks ready before we even get to the bar. Jill is one of the best servers I've ever had! She's super attentive and always has a smile on her face. The food is awesome. This place is awesome.The end.
5	I am so glad to find a place that has outstanding Asian food! I have yet to find anything I dont like on their menu. This place delivers til midnight and serves their full menu til 2am! Amazing! Thank you!
5	First of all Brad R left a very rude review!!!Grow up!!!This is our place away from home the owner Jamie and his crew are always very welcoming. We've been going to chop wok since the old location. It's nice to be noticed that we are regulars and we appreciate the service and the very friendly staff. The food is great every time we go. The price is good and happy hour is even better. Give it a try for the food, friendly staff and fun atmosphere.
2	I love dive bars and I love Chinese food so I thought I would LOVE this place. Unfortunately, I also enjoy not overpaying for flavorless food.Service was bad.... waited too long for someone to bring menus, didn't tell me the specials when I asked. When we asked for boxes, my food was taken from me and the server was gone before I even had a chance to object. Check was never brought to us, we had to go search for our server to pay.Food was flavorless and really greasy....only time I've ever been served Chinese without soy sauce.You could tell who the regulars were..... they were being served. I guess the staff isn't interested in adding to that list! Felt like we were interrupting play time by asking people to do their job. Overall, it sucked and that's sad because I kept trying to like it.
5	This place rocks....great drinks fun staff!!!!I come in a couple days a week with my boyfriend....great place to unwind
4	Yay, wings!Seriously. The wings here are a true thing of beauty. They are the crispiest and most delicious wings ever--even when they're drenched in General Tsau's sauce (which, by the way, is also glorious).Clearly, I'm a fan. I also enjoy the sweet n'sour chicken. It's pretty tasty, too.I've seen a bunch of Yelp comments in which folks are complaining that the food is bad or that it's not "authentic." If you're looking for authentic Chinese food, go to China. Don't go to a dive bar in Scottsdale.The food at Chop n'Wok is Gringo Chinese. But it's glorious. And it's everything you could ever want when you're throwing down a bunch of beers.
4	Amazing bartenders. They Were awesome. Never waited for drinks or food. Super attentive and super energetic. Not 5 stars because as I walked out (I had 2 drinks while here) I stepped down to the parking lot, in between the two cars parked there, and I fell. Not because I was drunk (I had two drinks), but because there is an unmarked ramp there. I severely sprained my ankle, had to get assistance to my car. The door guy or whoever was outside and saw this didn't even ask if I was ok let alone come to my assistance. Definitely need to mark that ramp with bright yellow paint
1	After trying to be optimistic about this place, I found other negative reviews to be accurate after trying Chop and Wok. Dirty table, bland tasting orange chicken (had better at Panda Express), beer that was dark at the bottom, and the waitress taking my phone to use the groupon were just some of the issues I had. Save yourself the trouble and go to a place that isn't a bar that serves bland/gross Chinese.
2	This place was strange, a Chinese/Asian restaurant with no Asian staff with surfer theme decorations?  The food was just ok at best.  There was an open mic in the next room but nobody was laughing.
1	The WORST tasting Chinese food ever! Not edible. They should be closing their business to save the lives of many!!! We had to add sauce and sriracha to try to even make it edible and even that didn't help...well maybe...by 1%!!! The chow main was so bland...parts of the noodles over cooked...others under cook. The fried rice was pathetic. Garlic shrimp was blah except for the actual shrimp. Won ton was a 3/10 and that was their best dish! The wonton wrap was too thick. The meat inside, dry. I wouldn't ever order Chinese food from here. If they were giving it out there for free I wouldn't even take it. It was that bad!!! The only good thing was.... It tasted soooooo horrible that we didn't stuff ourselves. Lol.
4	This bar is the perfect place to grab a drink and wind down after a long day. The food was pretty good and the drinks are very reasonably priced. A great neighborhood bar!
5	Hands down the best Chinese food for miles. Oh wait... It's a bar? With over 30 beers on tap and an awesome kitchen, where else would you want to go to watch the game, fight, race? Chop and Wok is that place where you could hang out, take your significant other on a date or just grab a cold one after work. They deliver to ungodly hours, open the doors super early on Sunday's for the hangover crowd and serve these awesome bloody Mary's. Try the house fried rice. Less than a meal at any fast food place and there is a lot of it. Expect a Surf punk California motif and the feeling you should've tried this place long ago.
5	I placed a couple to go orders and found out that they had a new special price on their free crab puffs.   Instead of being $15 as advertised on their old menu, it's now $20 on their new menu.The manager was extremely cool and still offered the $15 price since it appeared on their online menu.   Happy customer, happy tummies.  Next time I want to dine in.  LIke others have said, the ambiance is kind of retro California surf.  Great vibe.Keep up the great work!
3	In the big scheme of things this is just fine food. The joint is a bit scary but the ribs are good and the portions are big. The hot mustard is just packets so not good. The server was not very attentive. Overall just ok.
5	Honesty to God best crab puffs in town! Love love love this place! Great for take out (super quick) and dine in atmosphere is chill.
1	First off, I never write reviews, but it was necessary for this place. If I could, I would have gave no stars! My husband got a Groupon and thought we would try another Chinese place. You walk in and wonder if this place is a Chinese restaurant or a bar? It's a bar that serves terrible Chinese food. I completely agree with Tom M. It was the WORST tasting Chinese food ever! The place is dirty and toilets don't flush. They tell you to seat yourself when you walk in. The waitress seemed like she was on drugs. We would ask about certain food and she didn't know what to say about it. There were 4 kids (about 10-12 years old) playing with the pool table and throwing darts and hitting everything but the dart board. The employees nor the parents cared that the kids were running around screaming and being obnoxious. Now for the food, the only thing worth eating was the War Wonton soup. However, there was only three tasteless shrimps in two bowls of soup and we paid $10.00 for it. We got one order of Mongolian chicken. We usually get two when we go anywhere else, but since it was our first time there we decided to check it out first. We were so glad we did. It was so disgusting and where was the chicken? We got a heaping plate of onions and green chives. I had two bites and I was done. My husband looked for the chicken and ate the few pieces he found. I ordered two vegetarian egg/spring rolls. It was greasy and mushy on the inside. I had one bite and that was it. There was no filler like you would find in a regular egg roll. Oh, and the white rice. How can you go wrong with that???? Well, it was not like regular white rice. It was very small and sticky. I had maybe 5 bites. If you want soy sauce you can find the to-go packets. There is no bottle of soy sauce. We stuck with water, so that was safe...I think.When we were ready to go, I had to find the waitress. She forgot to take the Groupon off the bill, so we had to wait for that too. We left hungry, disappointed, and with a stomachache. It's also not good if you have acid reflux.  So, if you want to go to a bar that looks scary and dirty, serves the worst Chinese food ever, gives you a stomachache, has horrible service and allows young kids to run around throwing darts and screaming, then this is the place to go! What a waste of time and money. You couldn't pay me enough to go back there...EVER! We are sticking with Flo's!!!
2	A very odd atmosphere to be a Chinese restaurant.  The place was an entire bar, with a gothic/ rock vibe to it. Food was okay, considering the fact we had to send back a plate because the noodles were so hard and had a nasty taste.  Save your money and go out to an actual restaurant.
4	I have been going shopping for the last 5 years its always good service is always great has definitely worth checking out
1	It's a bar that does Chinese food on the side.  Panda express has better food.  The good thing is that its open till 2am.
5	I've been coming here for years now, glad they re-opened the new location. It's much bigger inside and parking is easier. But I come here mostly for the food. The Lo Mein is my absolute favorite! But everything is good on the menu, all the soups, the Kung Pao Chicken, crab puffs, EVERYTHING. Just had my Xmas dinner here with my boyfriend and had awesome service from Trevor. I will be back again, and again.
1	This is frozen reheated Chinese at best. I can't believe other reviews saying it's the best Chinese they've ever had. I've had better Chinese samples at Costco. Nice atmosphere. Looks like a nice bar. Waitress was nice. Just don't eat the food.
