5	This local watering hole has award winning burgers...and they deserve every burger award in the valley!  Not only do they cook every burger to perfection, but they have great rolls, excellent quality toppings, and the portions are huge!  It is a great meal and it is really cheap.  Very good! A must go for all locals in the area.
4	So, being new to the area, and searching out good local haunts, this place was recommended. Best burger in Vegas, I'm told.I can't quite call it that. But it was good. Place is a bar/restaurant, open 24/7 (restaurant only 11-11). The place is pretty ordinary, but serving up 1/2 lb burgers in many more varieties than I care to talk about here. Just know your selection is huge. Got the Texas burger (egg, peppers, onions, cheese on Texas Toast). The meat was seasoned just right, and the burger was tasty. The only issue for me was the Texas Toast, it got soggy and didn't hold up very well. Next time I'll try one of the other bazillion burgers on the menu.The beans were excellent, and the service was good. Overall a very good experience and will get a repeat from me. The sign out front proclaiming the "world's greatest burger" isn't the truth, but it's definitely a nice spot compared to all the chain restaurants you're pelted with in Las Vegas. At least it's something unique.
3	I don't quite get what's the big deal. I got a triple cheese mushroom burger and it was Ok ... had better mushroomswissburgers :). Didn't order fries but meal came with a tiny cup of cole slaw. Burger came overloaded with mushrooms though.I'd say for $12 (tip included, no fries and no drink) I could get better lunch...
3	My son and his future father in law brought me to Kilroy's stating that this restaurant serves the best burgers in Las Vegas. You make a statement like that to me.... and I want to test it out!I can see where Kilroy's got it's name... but does anyone else? I really don't think any of the patrons knows the origin of this restaurant's name. Well... to help my son and anyone else that's halfway interested... here is the Wikipedia origin of Kilroy's... ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilroy_was_here ). I don't think even the future father in law knew the origin of Kilroy's...Onto the food...Bleu Burger (*** $8.95) A half pound Burger cooked just right (medium rare) with Blue Cheese topped with a LOAD or Onion Rings with a side of Cole Slaw! The Burger pattie was cooked correctly and it was a half pound AFTER cooking; the Bun lasted throughout the whole meal... but those are the only things positive about this Burger! Blue Cheese was way too mild for this Burger... way too mild... tasted more like a Cream Cheese spread. And the Onion Rings piled on a couple of inches high (at least). Cole Slaw was piled on a leaf of Lettuce - non eventful. A question I have for Kilroy's... Why not serve your Burgers with French Fries by default? Why does a customer have to be charged $1.59 for extra French Fries? To make more money? I just don't see the rationale. The tradition is to serve Burgers with Fries... not with Onion Rings and Slaw! At least... not where I was raised.Coke (****) Unlimited Refills.Service (****) My Coke never saw the bottom of the glass.Atmosphere of Kilroy's is very dated. Movie Posters adorn all the walls of the restaurant. Looks like no current movie posters for a couple of decades... at least. There are small spotlights hung from the ceiling that spots each poster. The right side of the building is a separate bar area... where it's extremely smoky.... seems like the bar area hasn't been aired out in decades.Best Burgers in town... don't think so.
4	i've made 2 visits to Kilroy's over the last few months.  Both times, i focused on the burgers ( gee, big surprise ) but it should be noted that they have a large menu but i'll be damned if i know what else they offer.The burgers are 1/2 pounders.  1st time, tried the western bacon, 2nd time bacon chipotle with grilled onion.  both times asked for medium and i got medium ( some places just won't allow for any pink  ! ) i found  the meat to be tender, flavorful ( could've used a little more salt ) - also, i like a little more juice, but overall, i liked the burger.  If you order grilled onion, be careful !  i think they piled on an entire sliced/grilled onion - a little too much for me.for a $1.50 more you can get a side of fries. opted for the salt pepper shoestrings. tasty !  i like that they also give you a side container of cole slaw.Is this the best burger place in vegas ?  not sure about that.  but if you are in the area and hankering for a burger - it's definitely worth a visit.
1	located inside a very dark & smoky bar it's actually quite unique. private boothes, and lots of seating, movie poster in every booth depict "kilroy" in each poster from godfather to the matrix to get shorty. very clean but very dead for dinner hours. less than 10 customersi'm not sure you can say there was any service. there was 4 waitresses chatting amongst them selves. they did bring us menus,our food & drinks but they never bothered to ask how everything was & when she cme to bring the check instead of asking why there was a whole burger patty on the plate (if anything was wring with it) she simply asked if a doggy-bag was needed-heck no!!!burgers,fries and coleslaw that's all we asked for. the burgers were a little undercooked for some, the fries were crispy & salty(like old-skool mcd's fries) the cole slaw wasn't sweet but was rather good & fresh. there wasn't anything really special about the burgers-they weren't even charbroiled or anything-very greasy & who really eats a poung of "canned" mushrooms on 1/2 pound burger. the buns & sourdough were soggy because of the grease.kilroy's bar-restaurant was once known for what the food network called the "best hamburger in las vegas" they must have visited back before the "smoking ban" and you couldn't taste the food. really nothing special-you think for a dive restaurant to survive in a dead bar you'd have to have great food but apparently not here. the service was terrible-our waitress actually disappeared half way through dinner & we had to track her down for the check. servers were too busy being bored & gossiping.the atmosphere in the diner was really cool but wasn't enough to save the day. the menu was very limited & prices were high for the quality & quantity provided. there are way better places in town. i would not recommend kilroy's as the "best" burger-i wouldn't even say it's a good burger
2	Ok, when you advertise on a giant sign in front of your restuarant "World's Greatest Hamburgers", you have already set the bar very high.  Perhaps if I had just wandered in, I would have thought better of the food, because I wasn't expecting much, which is what we got, not much.The prices are really high for a burger (which doesn't come with fries or anything, that's extra). I got the avocado burger.  Plus a basket of half fries and half onion rings. The avocado immediately slid off onto the table.  The fries were bland. The onion rings were actually pretty good.The decor is unusual. Kilroy's has a mascot of sorts, which is this goofy looking character that they have photoshopped onto popular movie posters, which is kinda funny.  They also have these place-mats with puzzles and games on them. However, the puzzles are impossible to figure out, then when you look at the answers, you realize they were just fooling you and you couldn't answer them, which makes you feel dumb for trying.I feel dumb for walking into this place.  Sorry Kilroy's, you should advertise yourself as "The World's most overpriced average hamburgers".  Then I could have given you a better review for your quirky decorations and friendly wait-staff.
4	I thought I'd give this place a try after seeing their patty melt listed on some "50 Best Burgers" list that was on the Food Network's website.  I got the patty melt, and my fiancee got the blue cheese burger.  The burgers don't come with fries, but with a 1/2 pound patty I don't think any substantial sides are really necessary.  I'm sure some people think that the food is overpriced since it doesn't come with an enormous pile of french fries, but I like to pay for quality instead of quantity.My patty melt was juicy and delicious, and it was nice to see a little bit of pink inside since I asked for it to be cooked to medium.  "World's Greatest Hamburger"?  No.  It's also not the best burger available in the state of Nevada, regardless of what the Food Network wants me to think.  However, I refuse to give a place one star because I think it's overrated.  The burgers were excellent and I will be returning at some point in the future to try some of their other offerings.  We got a kick out of the goofy movie posters on the wall, and we couldn't help but notice that every table in the place was full, presumably by people who had been there several times before and knew that it was a good place to go for a high-quality burger.  Good stuff.
1	After all the great reviews of Kilroy's I decided to try them for lunch yesterday. I was disappointed with the "Best hamburger in Las Vegas". For $9.00 I got a burnt burger, a large bun, only a slice of tomato and lettuce leaf (nothing else). Not what I expected, I doubt I will be going back.
2	Two stars because the staff was friendly and no bugs crawled onto my dish during dinner. That being said, I did not have the best burger in Las Vegas last night. Like some of the other negative reviews, the buger was flavorless and toppings were cold as was the bun. It was cooked to my requested doneness, but that's about it. My wife has been sick to her stomach since complete with chills and nausea. Coincidence?I stopped going to Kilroys a year ago when their wings disappointed me. I had them once, years ago and really enjoyed them. I ordered the 'nuclear' or 'atomic' or whatever their hottest wings were. They were flavorful and really hot. Even covered with crushed red pepper on the outside. Having a craving, we went back and their hottest wings were your garden variety wing. I asked the waitress what happened to the incredibly hot wings they used to have and she replied 'people thought they were too hot, so we knocked them down a bit.' Like most wing joints, they have 4 or 5 levels of heat. Do you really need to downgrade your level of heat for a clientele that can't handle it? Did some macho prick order them, start crying and his date laugh at him?If you visit the west and want a great burger, go to Carl's Jr.
