5	The people here were very nice.  They have a great deal of patients for working around so many children in a small place.  There are tons of games fun for all ages.  I have a 7 and 4 year old and we all three had fun.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the customer service at this location.  The food and prices are also great.  WAY BETTER than C. Cheese.
4	Their pizza is still pretty good after all of these years. I remember when we used to go swimming when I was a kid and then right after we would go for pizza at Peter Piper. Well I won't bore you with my whole life story but just to say that a fond childhood memory still holds true as an adult. Not like I though it was good as a child and then as an adult it tastes like crap, it's not like that here. Never go on the weekends unless you like crowds and screaming maniacal children. In this location there is an ice cream shop and a pet store, sounds to me like a recipe for success; pizza, ice cream and puppies?
4	Good pizza, great lunch buffet great place for kids and adults.
5	The staff was amazing at our Autism Walk meeting.
5	This location is the best in the state! The management is super friendly and the staff is hard working!
5	Had my kids b-day parties here- our host was friendly and very sweet. She made sure we had everything we needed. Definitely doing it here again next year!
3	Well you know what to expect, had the lunch buffet, hit the spot for several different pizzas I craved.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped into this smaller Peter Piper for my (twice?) weekly pizza fix.     :-)After paying, I asked them to bake me a thin crust pizza with red sauce, Mozarella, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, olives, mushrooms, Red Onion & Bell Pepper.  Then it was over to help myself to some of each of the three tossed salads, Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar, and this month's special, Mandarin Cranberry.  All three were fresh and tasty.In a few minutes my pizza was up & lovely Pizza-ista "Raven" brought me over 3 slices to start with.  After not being able to resist one eating slice first, I took a photo of this lovely creation & will post it here in a minute.  This pizza was DELICIOUS!!The dining room here is very comfortable but as a smaller store they don't put out as many pizzas at a time as the larger locations.  I slightly prefer to see 10 choces waiting when it's time for "seconds" but you'll certainly get plenty to eat here at #216, where the Lunch Buffet is SO worth the $5.99 it costs!     :-))
1	We just had a birthday party for my daughter at this location. It was so bad! If I could have given zero stars, I would have. The party host was always no where to be found. One time we where looking for her and she was washing the windows..???!! We had to do pretty much everything for ourselves. It was the biggest waste of money for a birthday party!!! No one cared. Every time we asked for our host, no one knew where she was or told us to talk to someone else. I was ready to talk to the manager but I didn't want a scene in front of the kids! Will not do that again! I had guests helping to serve the other party guests, it was so bad!
4	Had My daughter's birthday party yesterday. The associate assigned to us was Paige and had everything ready for us.  Throughout the event she checked on us and made sure our tables were clear and always asked of we needed anything.  The kids were very entertained and enjoyed their pizza.  Paige did an excellent job and made our day much better.
2	The memories of childhood past have mislead me. For some reason that I cannot explain I had a craving for Peter Piper Pizza last night or so I thought. I had not been to a Peter Piper in about three years and even then I had just gone in for the lunch buffet.So we decided to go ahead and give this location a try last night. It was disappointing. We ordered a medium original crust with pepperoni and jalapeno. The crust was like cardboard. The rest just okay.The real problem was the cleanliness of the place. I understand that along with being a pizza restaurant that this is also a children's entertainment center but I do not understand how piles of trash end up on the floor. I should have made the decision to leave after seeing the condition of the dining room but we had already ordered and I decided to give the pizza a shot.Basically, I am worried for what the state of the kitchen looks like based on the state of the dining room. I would not suggest this location of Peter Piper Pizza. I am not sure about the others but stear clear of this one.
