3	Went there for a weekday lunch. Decent, but not spectacular. They had a wide variety of meats, sometimes a little dry, and it seemed like most of the food on my plates were fried...but not complaining! Sushi was subpar, but expected, and most of the sauteed vegetables looked old. But they did have a large salad bar, and a variety of desserts. The red heating lamps annoyed me little, made everything seem way too similar. Lunch was definitely cheaper than dinner or brunch on the weekends. I'm not too sure if I would go back, and not because I did not like the food. I just can't afford the surgery for a second stomach.
1	Casa Corfu was a hot mess. It's a large buffet with a lot of variety but NOTHING AT ALL WAS LABELED. It was also just under $17 per person!Everything is under red lights to keep things hot and to also hide the unappetizing look of the food.Really poor food quality- most things were bland and uninteresting. There's not a lot of room to move around with the massive crowds of pushy, hungry people. The staff were also pushy, rude and always seemed to be in the way. Do not go especially if anyone in your party has allergies. There are so many wonderful and more affordable places to eat in Montreal. Don't waste your money or belly room.
2	It's packed!!! it's buffet and there's food everywhere!!!The ice cream bar lineup was 10 minutes long!!!The food area feels a bit stuffy due to the crowds and the steam coming of the food counters.This place is very popular, and it seems very family friendly. Lots of people, the food is decent, and there's a huge variety from sushi to salad, general tao to rosbeef, pasta to pastry, there's something for everyone, if you are craving a little bit of everything it's a good place to go.As it is with all buffets, things tend to be sweet, greasy to help fill you up faster on less food.generally, it's quick and easy to come here, and for the price it's pretty good, however there are no stand out dishes. All said and done, you are still gonna come here and eat, cuz we're all too greedy not to... :)
2	Too cramped, too expensive and way too noisy.First off, this restaurant should have a website. They have a few different pricing promotions depending on age, group, day of the week and time, plus they seem to increase costs every year. It would be nice to keep track. After browsing through reviews on other websites, I thought Casa Corfu was cheaper, had I known it was 22$ a person on a Sunday night - probably wouldn't have come. I later learned that kids 4 and under eat free, 5 to 10 years old pay 10$, which explains how packed this place was with annoying kids running left and right.I eat out quite a bit and haven't been anywhere with this many brats under one roof, with the exception of a Mcdonald's playground.When it comes to food, there is a nice selection but nothing really stands out. Like another reviewer mentioned, they use red heat lamps on everything so it's hard to identify what you get. What looked like salmon ended up being something else and with so much melted cheese on their pastas, stuffed peppers or meats, it's a challenge to know what you're eating. It all looks the same! Normally I say cheese makes everything better, but they're really just masking the lack of flavor. The mac and cheese was the most disappointing to me, it looked like a wonderful creamy mess but it was just a pile of starchy and soggy white goo.Highlights were the sushi, I filled up on salmon nigiri and the desserts. Some of their cakes were very moist, I loved the light sponge cake with a citrusy mango glaze.Come here for brunch or on a cheaper weekday, or if you're just really hungry and low on tastebuds.
1	Went on a thursday cost was $19 .I orderd a pitcher of coke and they said they had no pitcher of coke only by the cup and she also said no refills.We were 4 people so 3 out of 4 had water instead that was there lost . So i got my coke and had more ice than coke so i used the ice for the water.They do ave pitcher of beer.funny they dont have for soft drinks,anyways I ate and will not be returning anymore there.Better off going to fulam at least they serv pitchers of soft drink.I should of listen to my friend who also said the food is not as good anymore Goodbye corfo and hello my future restaurants
1	The breakfast buffet was just ok,  but when they asked me to pay to refill my coffee I thought this was very cheap of them!! I have never been back since,  there are many other restaurants out there.
4	Very diverse buffet, from sushi to pasta, BBQ meat, salads and desserts. I believe it is one of the best of its kind 24$ on a weekend evening is a very good price for what they offer
1	Very expensive 19.99 per person for week end and children 12 years old count as an adult, coffee very cold then I ask to reheat the waitress then want to charge for an other coffee... 2 adults and 4 children it end up to 115$ with cold coffees. Never go back again it is a worst buffet... Out there lot of choices and I like Score better they have nice salad and fruits bar.... Soft drinks and coffee all you can have... Specially healthy foods and soups all you can eat. Where as Casa Corfu  the soup is hiding with the waitress you don't even know as they have soup and  waitress does not even ask you anything for that at the end when I asked it was too late ... I don't feel like having soup any more ... Everything is poor in quality in the way they acts so cheap!
