2	I had been to this place once before and I remember not being impressed, but then I drove to it again not realizing it was the same place. I got inside and remembered, but still decided to eat there. First impression, it was loud inside. I am not the best hear'er/listener in the world, but I was having trouble hearing my gf right away. We grabbed a seat far from the music/speaking, but it was still quite loud. It was trivia night, but we could hardly hear the trivia when we got there.We were served pretty quickly and the service was pretty good. The food, however, was not as good. I got the special, the french dip, and the gf got the chicken tenders. Mine was dry, I ran out of au jus, and it just wasn't that tasty altogether. I also had the beer cheese soup which was not bad, but not great either. The chicken tenders looked very dry and the gf did not finish them. The fries were decent.They had a pretty decent beer selection, so if you are going to get some beer and maybe an appetizer, this place wouldn't be too bad, but I wouldn't recommend it for dinner food.
4	I've always enjoyed places like Byrd's, a relaxed bar with good taps and a broad menu.  This place has become a semi-regular destination in Fitchburg.  I've mostly gone for lunch, meeting my father halfway between Paoli and Madison on Friday afternoons.  I've done dinner and drinks a few times and once tried to catch a Packer game on the NFL network with about 200 like-minded people.  I definitely prefer Byrd's when it is a less of a sardine can to be sure.  The bar is a relatively new establishment in a non-descript commercial area near the intersection of PD and Seminole.  It's a bit tricky to get into the parking lot the first time.  You need to actually drive past on Seminole and circle around to the parking lot on the west side of the building.The menu at Byrd's is pretty broad, going beyond the standard burger and sandwich offerings.  I especially enjoy the Byrd's BLT, which is the usual BLT ingredients in a pita with homemade guacamole - delicious.  My father usually opts for the soup or chili and a salad.  The Greek salad is his favorite just for the olives alone.  I enjoy the burgers and sandwiches here just as much as the next guy, but it's nice to have a few options as well.  For burgers, my favorite is the Electric Green, which is the California/Southwest burger with guacamole and pepperjack, but this is the best I've had of the style.  It's got to be the homemade guacamole.  The buffalo chicken and the reuben are also standards, and my father especially enjoys the pork loin.  Last time we stopped by on a Monday, which happens to be all-you-can-eat softshell taco day.  There are quite a few beers on tap at Byrd's, including the usual local micros (Capital, New Glarus) and a different mix of domestics and imports.  The bar is well-stocked and the bartenders are pretty adept at mixing a decent cocktail.  The service is usually attentive and quick.  I've only had a few instances when I've left the table to get another beer at the bar, and these were usually times when I was having something spicy.One of the nicer features of Byrd's is that the entire place was non-smoking from its inception.  This alone would put it near the top of my list for places in Fitchburg.  There is also live music on Friday nights and other special events from time to time, with a jukebox otherwise.  The juke isn't the greatest but the bartenders seem to have pretty good taste.  When a group of my friends went out for a birthday they let us play poker in the corner and the waitress kept the drinks flowing.  It was a great time.  I seem to always have a great time at Byrd's, whether I'm watching the game or getting lunch.  It's a comfortable place to spend a few hours.
4	Bruce is right, on all marks. It's a great smoke-free sportsbar for those of us that don't live in Madison and don't want to fight traffic just to watch the game and toss back a pint.I've been here for the crowded nights and the not-so-crowded nights and I've found that Byrd's always creates a great atmosphere for sports fans.They make some damn good cheese curds too, eh.
5	A great bar with a decent selection of beer on tap.  The bartenders are great.  I would definitely recommend going on Wednesday evening for Team Trivia - the place is super fun with lots of people.Just a tip - if you are in a hurry sit at the bar or tell your server in advance.  The service tends to be a bit more relaxed at the tables unless you speak up.
2	Slooooow service. Food was cold when I got it. Staff is friendly enough, they just need more staff on for the Friday rush.
