1	I am getting SICK AND TIRED of this McDonald's always messing my order up.  Sometimes I liked to go to the drive thru at 7am en route to work so I can eat a McGriddle, Sausage McMuffin WITHOUT EGG and a nice coffee!  I would say that 90% of the time, they put the nasty EGG on the mcmuffin! I am always tempted to check my order at the winder and look at my McMuffin!  I should REMOVE THE EGG part and DROP it onto the concrete!  However, I have not done that.  Instead - I am just NOT going to patronize this particular McDonald's anymore!
5	This is pretty much like any McDonald's, there is a drive thru, however, in addition to a playground.  This place knows how to represent the brand.  Five stars!!!
2	Went through the drive through. After placing our order it felt like we waiting 1/2 hour. It was probably 8 minutes, but no one greeted us ,let us know  it would be awhile. etc.Almost drove off without the order - had I done that this would be a one-star review.The positive? Cookies had just come out of the oven.
3	It's your average McDonald's.  Fast service, average fast food.  I was running around and needed a quick lunch, so I went through the drive through and ordered 2 McDouble's from the value menu the other day.  It's a McDonald's, so my expectations aren't high...Not bad for less than $2.50.Return Factor - 50%
2	New drive through is a wreck waiting to happen. Two lines ordering at the same time and then you have to get into one lane. It was crowded and everyone thinks they should rush ahead at the same time. What a ridiculous design!
3	Damn you Big Mac! Something about that magical combination of two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun that occasionally calls me into a McDonalds. Big Mac fans should know that Culinary Dropout (Scotttsdale, AZ) has a gourmet version of a Big Mac that will blow your freaking mind! FYI - They just tore down the old location here and built a new ultra-modern one with a double drive-thru and laptop workstations.
4	it just got an update and it looks so shiny and new! i stopped in to buy a gift card for my mom. she loves riding her bike like 100 miles and stopping at McDonalds for a coffee in the winter, ice cream in the summer. bless her heart!i don't eat meat anymore, so there's no real need for me to go to McD's except their coffee is pretty good at a fraction of the cost of Starbucks. great looking store!
2	McDs is what it is...but this one has about a 50% success rate on getting the order right.
2	Had I written this review before the remodel, it would have been an easy 4 stars.  Since the remodel, it's been a debacle.  First, the double drive through may be good for traffic control in this shopping center, but having both lines merge to one window is not always easily managed.  I've been to the window and been offered the wrong order, only to be given the right order, which turned out to be the wrong order anyway.  There is a difference between egg McMuffins and sausage McMuffins.  That difference is 70 calories and 10 grams of fat.  If they do that to me 50 times, I will gain an extra pound.And speaking of food, it's crappy half the time now.  Chicken is dry and chewy...except last time when I was asked to pull around and wait in front.  So much for drive thru.  Had great chicken that day.  Too bad they bagged the fries upon ordering, so they were cold by the time the chicken cooked.  And the fries often have that cold, old grease been sittin' way too long texture.And the employees?  They must have had 100% staff change upon reopening:"May I take your order?""Yes, I would like a 5-piece chicken strip order, a southern style chicken sandwich, a large order of fries, a small Coke, and a large Iced tea.""So that's a large iced tea, and what else?"Repeat, Every Single Time.
3	It's Mickey D's!   I like the diner style throwback stores better, but this one is close, has nice enough crews and it's inexpensive as well as yummy.The drive through does take a bit of getting used to.
3	Dropped in here for lunch to try the new Quarter Pounder Bacon Habanero Ranch, $3.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdonalds-scottsdale?select=aPzAn9mUhH1b90WY8xfjEA#aPzAn9mUhH1b90WY8xfjEAI also had a McDouble, $1http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdonalds-scottsdale?select=FR409-EseclC8HqhZJ5tdA#FR409-EseclC8HqhZJ5tdAAt the register was a very friendly and courteous employee named Heather.  Despite the massive line for lunch, she maintained a nice smile and was gracious to everyone including me.  She gets 5 Stars for her service and deserves recognition.The new Bacon Habanero Ranch Quarter Pounder was pretty good, but not great.  For a McDonald's it's a pleasant surprise. At least they're trying to improve their products.  The McDouble is a nice, cheap regular item I get.Return Factor - 70%
3	De - ja - vuIt's MikiD's enough said
1	They so suck. They repeat my order to me correctly three times and when I get it order they did everything wrong. Don't think she knows how to key in the order correctly.
5	We love this McDonalds. They are clean and fast and the food is always fresh. The help is polite and i love the sweet tea.
