4	Excellent food enormous plates efficient service elegant decore all at a economic value and open till midnight. Will eat there again and again
5	Best Pizza in the world. Been around for ever. Been going there for over 25 years and still has a great tasting pizza. Price is not cheap but worth every penny.
4	Excellente pizza.  Beaucoup de garniture... une pizza remplie de calories et de bon gout!
1	I've had their pamphlet for several years now but never manage to order from them since their prices were far more expensive than the competition in the area. Last night, basing myself off incredibly positive reviews on Yelp, I finally decided to order food from Vimont Pizza.And what a mistake.The order process went smoothly and we got our pizzas within 30 minutes. Excellent.I knew from the moment I had the pizza in my hands that this was the extra greasy Quebecois styled pizza experience. Now, before you tell me, "You don't like the Quebecois style pizza" and blow me off, it is true that I enjoy the thin crust, ingredients where it matters, Italian styled pizza but I've enjoyed Quebecois-styled pizza for a long long time as well and a few restos in this area do this job quite adequately. (Pizza 2 pour 1 for example - and its far cheaper)This type of sogginess went beyond the norm however. The condiments as expected were stacked onto the dough and the grease went right through it all, in fact it soaked and went through the pizza delivery box and I needed to cover the bottom of the box with the other box (which was less greasy).My wife ordered the all dressed and I ordered the Hawaiian. The pineapples on my pizza weren't fresh and eating them individually made me realize that this was most likely canned pineapple as fresh pineapple being baked with pizza would be far more aromatic and flavorful. The pineapple barely tasted of anything. My wife's pizza was just as bad and felt uninspired.We also ordered some onion rings along the pizzas. We love onion rings! Now, one would expect our onion rings to be fried and be somewhat crispy even after delivery but it was still soaking in oil and had no crispiness (or heck... flavor).All in all, this meal was a complete fail and we both barely ate half our 10 inch pizzas. Normally, we'd have scarfed the whole thing down.Then I felt ill to the stomach and then proceeded to puke half an hour later. My wife felt queasy as well but she ate less than me and survived the night.Joy.Maybe this was my experience with their delivery dear previous Yelpers who gave 4 and 5 stars but you have seriously let me down. How could this pizza be so goddamned bad? It's pizza cripes! The worst you should be able to do is OK pizza, not send your clients hurling into a toilet bowl.Congrats to Vimont Pizza in getting my first 1 star rating.Never again.
4	I've been going to this place for years and I really love it. I've tried almost everything on the menu, pizza, chinese food,poutine, salads, sub, pasta, seafood , you name it. My favorites are the all dressed special sub and Vimont special pizza, they are AMAZING. I also enjoy their breakfast menu. The staff is very friendly and the place is nice a cosy. I moved to Toronto and everytime I come to visit my family I always stop by.
4	My husband had a meeting at work one day and his company ordered Vimont pizza for lunch. He enjoyed it so much that he actually sent me a picture and said we had to get it for dinner! We ordered the Vimont Special the first time around and it was alright. The grease from the pizza actually spilled out of the box onto my jeans on the way home, but we decided to give it one more shot. The next time we went to Vimont, we ordered a basic pepperoni pizza. It was absolutely delicious!! We've been back many times since and we stick with the pepperoni. The price is a little high for a pizza, but it's so worth it! They put so many pepperonis on the pizza that it's basically like having a delicious deli sandwich on a crispy crust piled high with cheese. So good! And with as many toppings as they pile on these pizzas, a small is actually enough food to satisfy both me and my husband for dinner!One of my favorite things about this restaurant is that they're open really late, unlike many other restaurants in the Laval area. Whenever we go in here late on a Friday night, the food is still good and the staff is still in a great mood! They always smile and start a nice conversation with us while we wait for our pizza. Love it here!The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is that the pizza was greasy enough to get through the box onto my lap when we took it home and it's a little expensive. However, it's most definitely worth the trip to Laval if you're anywhere close and in the mood for a pizza!
