1	I have become an avid spinner at the gym and I decided to go look for cycling shoes. This was one of my first stops to check out prices and styles. I brought along my friend to check out shoes too since she is my gym buddy. We found the shoes and a salesperson asked her if she needed help. My friend asked if they had her size in a shoe. He came back with the shoes in her size and never once glanced at me. He helped her put the shoes on and my friend kept looking at me with a confused expression. He never once asked me if I needed help or even acknowledged my existence. My friend mentioned to him that "WE" were both looking for cycling shoes and he still did not ask if I needed help. My friend is pretty, but at the same time I don't think I'm so bad looking....just the average girl. By that time,  I was ready to just leave. My friend did not end up buying shoes there for their lack of customer service to me. I will not be returning to this place at all for their lack of customer service.
1	I live close to this bike shop. I've tried to shop here many times. I have never gotten good customer service here. One trip I walked around the store for 20 minutes checking out different items, no one acknowledged me. I stood at the check out for 3 minutes with the tubes and gels I wanted to buy, but I walked out after no one came to wait on me. Or there was the packet pickup day for the Tour de Summerlin, when I showed up half an hour before the pick up times to shop around and check out some new gloves. As I walked in a girl sorting the tour de summerin stuff snapped at me as I walked in the doorsaying "We won't pass out any packets until the clock says 12:00 so don't even ask us for it. Wow I walked right out and sat in my car until 12. Worst bike shop in town. I'll tell everyone I know to stay away.
3	My husband needed to get work done on his bike. They took good care of him, and his bike in a timely manner. I was offered help several times although all I wanted to do was sit down, they have a nice waiting area with free coffee and hot chocolate...My husband got great service and would return again.
4	Went here to rent a bike to ride around Red Rock. The customer service was fast and easy. With Tax, our bike rentals came to 86.xx for two hybrid bikes. The place was clean, friendly people and the website was easy to use. I would give it 5 stars, but the website didnt make is 100 percent clear that you have to ride to Red Rock. Normally, the half hour ride wouldnt have been bad, but it was really windy out going uphill. So by the time we got to Red Rock, we were too worn out to go on the loop. Being closer to Red Rock would have been a plus. :)Overall, the rental was a great time! I would totally pay more for the service.
4	McGhie's has become my go to place for bike repairs.  Today I had a flat rear tire that needed fixing.  They had it repaired and ready to go in 5 minutes.  This is what I've come to expect here.  The repair people do their work quickly and competently.  Last year I left my bike here for a tune up, and they had it in almost new shape when I picked it up.  I've always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful.I recommend McGhie's for your bike needs.
5	I bought my Cannondale about 6 months ago and can't stay off of it.  Every person I had come across in the store was extremely helpful and knowledgable.  They set me up with the perfect bike for my needs and budget.  I have since brought it back for a free tune up and adjustments.  Each time I go an employee not just answers questions about cleaning and maintenance, but take the time for demonstrations.  I think that all the employees are passionate about biking, so are happy to share their knowledge and help keep other's bikes in great running order.  Every time I go into Mcghie's I leave extremely satisfied.  Thanks for an awesome bike and outstanding customer service guys!
5	I've stopped in a couple times in the past month. Once to buy my kid his first bike and the second time to get my bike rack fixed. All the employees I've dealt with have been friendly and helpful. Even when I was talking to one guy about my bike rack and he couldn't find the part of info I needed, he was nice enough to walk me over to someone who did. This place is for serious bikers (which I am not) but are also willing to help out people like me who are just getting into the sport.
4	I really like this place. The selection is good, the staff knowledgeable and the repair shop is reasonably priced as far as I can tell.The only reason I have given this place four stars instead of five is because the staff can be a bit snobby... I have been to this place a few times and what I have noticed is if you walk in with a purpose and know what you want the staff is more then willing to jump in and help you out. On the other hand, if you walk in to "browse" or just look around the staff suddenly can't be found or bothered by you....  so having observed this phenomenon first hand I give you far warning .... great place if you know what you want!
4	I rented skis for a weekend here. The ski tech measured my feet and brought out skis and boots. He explained what he was measuring and why that length of skis was good for me, and then what my settings were.The boots were a pain in the tuckus to get into, but as the weekend went on, they were easier (or I got the hang of them).Good experience, and it was nice to have an explanation for the skis and the settings.
5	I have used McGhie's for the last three years for all my Ski needs.  The service and rental department does an excellent job taking care of my families ski's and the prices are reasonable.  When my wife purchased new ski boots they really took extra time to make sure she got the right boot for her ability and foot.  The are about a 30 minute drive from my house, but it is worth it.
5	My friends rented mountain bikes from the outpost and one of them hurt herself and Gizmo, who was 2 days on the job hiked back for their bikes without compliant. These guys are wonderful and the bikes were ready to go when we got there and they did a nice fit and made sure we knew where we were going. I would ONLY recommend using McGhie's Outpost for mountain bike rentals. Broken Spoke will only give you a helmut and pedals for a rental if they have them (*guess they only have a few pairs?). No helmut with your rental? I've never even heard of this being possible. ?
4	My fiance bought a mountain bike from Mcghie's and has since brought it back here for regular tune-ups. I went with him on his last trip before he ended up selling the bike to a friend. We thought we were moving to Alaska, so we were parting with some possessions that weren't going to make the trip. Um, now we aren't going, but that's another story...Anyway, on the trips here I noted the store is very well set up and clean. As you enter you are more than often greeted by the sales staff. The bike maintenance area is in the back and you just have to wheel your bike back there to have it looked at/worked on.They were quick to bring up fiance's account and just as quickly took his bike back into their maintenance area and we were off and out the door. When we came back to pick it up, it was right there at the front, my fiance thanked them and we were again, out the door quickly and efficiently. I don't know much about mountain bikes, skis, etc. But from what I have seen/heard the service here is pretty top notch. My fiance says he would definitely recommended the place as well.
5	I knew I was going to be in LV for a few days midweek (visiting from Boston) and a friend of mine connected me with Jon to rent a road bike.We emailed a few times in the couple weeks before I was going to be out there as I was debating between renting a road bike from them or a mountain bike from their sister shop, Blue Diamond.I ended up heading over to Mcghie's for a road ride, Jon set me up with one of their Cannondale rentals, gave me a map of the route to Red Rock and the loop and went over them, pointing out where I'd be on busier roads, made sure I had a few bucks, the right setup on the bike and enough water and off I went.Also, while I was there, another rental customer came back after a close call with a car in which he'd had to lock up his brakes and blew out a tire. The team replaced both tires, set up a fresh flat kit and had him back in action in a flash. PLUS because of the inconvenience of having to come back to the shop, they gave the guy's girlfriend a rental, including a helmet and pedals, on the house. Classy move!A word of advice to anyone planning to do the loop, consider driving to Red Rock, doing the loop and rolling down to Blue Diamond. The first couple miles are on a pretty major road (no incidents at all, just not particularly scenic) and it's a long, slow climb to the loop. Saving energy and only riding in the desert would make that ride even more fun.A+. Next time I'm out there, I'm going to rent a mountain bike for a second day of riding.
4	Just got into mountain biking and was looking for new grips and ski bar ends.  I like shopping on amazon.com, but wanted to "handle" them before I purchased.I went to Sports Authority and Dicks but did not carry the brands that I wanted:- Bontrager- ErgonThey had both of them there!  Not only that, but their prices rivaled those that were online.  I didn't have to wait for shipping and with tax it came out to a fair price.  My friend that came with me is more of an expert in bikes and he was amazed at the prices as well.  He did look at some other items he bought at another bike store in town and saw that their prices were better.The shop was nice and clean, the people for the most part say "hi" to you and ask if you need help.I'm sure I'll be back here soon.
4	Love this place. They are so kind. Very sweet people. For $100 you can ride a $6K bike for a day. What better way to fully test out a bike before deciding to buy???
5	Recently moved to Las Vegas and needed just a few things for my bike...clipless pedals, shoes, new tires, you know, basic stuff.  I'm a recreational rider - I like to ride for 3 hours or so once a week at a good pace, but I've always felt somewhat intimidated when going into bike stores, but what an amazing experience I had.I never felt uncomfortable.  The store was spit shined clean and well lit and very comfortable.  I told the technician what I needed and what price ranges I had in mind (e.g., I didn't need carbon shoes) and he worked with exactly what I asked for.  He explained the differences in some of the more expensive gear and why it wasn't really necessary for what I was looking for at this time.  He also adjusted my set up, tightened a few things and cleaned up the bike.A couple of the technicians chatted me up as I watched him change my tires.  I can't say enough about how wonderful experience I had.  I will recommend this store to anyone, especially recreational riders - no need to feel intimidated, nervous or uncomfortable.What an awesome place.  Will go back every time for my biking needs.
4	Prices are pretty much what you would expect from a LBS. I've always experienced great customer service here and for that reason I often make purchases here that I know I could save significantly online. They treat you right.
5	This place is the go to place for cycle gear! My husband is a novice road and mountain biker. He is attempting to get me into it as well... sigh...We walked in and were greated right away and all the staff was so friendly! My husband bought himself a new Trek road bike and me a Trek mountain bike that isn't too heavy and is good for the road too. Note - I have not been on a bike in probably a good five years unless it was to the neighborhood mailbox and back. Our guy who helped us took out a few bikes for me to try out for size and comfort. He even helped pick out accessories. He was very down to earth and knew I had no idea what I was doing. He was so helpful and never made me feel like I was out of place amongst the dedicated and die hard bikers. He made suggestions on equipment and items we might want. We decided we spent enough money and didn't get padded bike shorts. He laughed at us as we came in the next day walking like cowboys and was happy to help us find the proper attire. This place had great staff, great selection, and were awesome at pointing us bike noobs in the right direction!FYI - they also have an outpost at Blue Diamond somewhere that the staff and customers raved about. Since we are close to the area, we are def planning on going to check it out when it isn't so cold out.Thanks for the help guys!
5	Stellar friendly service!  I rented a bike on a Sunday from Mcghie's (west on Fort Apache).  I've been looking at road bikes to purchase so I went crazy and rented a Trek Madone 6.2 - a $6000 bike - for $100 for the day.  Fun to try.  The folks in the shop had it ready for me with my choice of pedals mounted when I arrived as they opened their doors at 10am.  I spent some time chatting about a good route of 50 miles and the service guys gave me a map and showed me a route that included a 13 mile loop of Red Rocks canyon that was pretty challenging.  They also sent me out to Blue diamond where they have an "outpost" shop that could serve as a half-way point to rest/re-hydrate and get any issues attended to.  The Blue Diamond outpost was a real treat.  The fellow there was roasting fresh coffee beans and served me a cup of exquisite espresso, check my tires, lubed my chain and we chatted about the weather (it was hellish with massive wind, ice pellets at times, and a spot of rain) and fast cars.  Luckily the wind was at my back all the way back to Vegas.I enjoyed my experience renting from McGhie's - every person I dealt with was over the top friendly and made sure my rental AND my riding experience was top notch.  I come here once a year for a convention and I'll definitely be back to McGhie's next year to rent again - hoping that the weather will be a little more pleasant!
2	I have to say the store is very nice.  It is well displayed and very appealing.  The problem is the staff and customer service.  I went to the store twice looking to purchase new ski gear for my wife and I and our two kids, both times I was there I left after about 10 minuets because I was never acknowledged by the staff of about 6 people working.  I ended up going to Sport Chalet and purchasing four full sets of equipment ($3,500).  I try to shop local and independent retailers (especially for big purchases), but the folks at Mcghies acted like they didn't want my money.
5	Given my lack of experience with ski/bike/board shops, it may be premature to claim McGhie's to be as good as it gets. But having been there a couple of times, I contend that the praise is worthy.I returned to McGhie's to take advantage of their 50% off sale on all ski and snowboard gear (skis, boards, boots, and bindings). RJ was very knowledgeable and efficient in guiding me through my purchase. He said the boots are most important, so we started there. He wasted no time in measuring my feet and finding a very nice pair of Ride boots that would accommodate my wide feet. I actually wore them while we continued to shop to make sure they were completely comfortable.The board was picked in equally efficient fashion. He pointed me directly to the Salomon board that I ended up purchasing, but he also gave me a couple of other options. I had several questions about board choice and RJ answered them all, giving me full confidence in his expertise. By the time it came to choose bindings, I just went with the Burton bindings that he recommended.With the sale, I was hoping to be out the door for about $400. I actually ended up paying less than that with tax and I feel like I got quality equipment. I guess I'll find out next season.
1	I will never go in to this store again. What a bunch of snobs! I went in to buy a mountain bike and needed to get all the extras as well. This was the only shop open at the time and I should have just walked out and waited but I was anxious.This being my first real bike, I did mot know the correct size I needed. The snob worker only showed me one bike and said it was a perfect fit for me. How was I supposed to know? I trusted him. It turns out, it was too small for me and it was also the only bike they had in stock that day so that is why they sold it to me.I did not realize it was too small until I was riding downhill and felt like I was on a children's bike. I went to another bike shop to ask what size I should be using and they said much bigger than what I had. SHAME on you McGhie's for selling me a $2,000.00 bike that is useless to me.When I called to complain, I was treated like an idiot and again you were a bunch of snobs. Now I need to purchase another bike that fits me and I am stuck with this bike. What a waste of money. You will never get my business again or business from anyone that I know.
5	I'm 48 and about a year ago started to get back into riding.  I like to ride my mountain bike around town, and my company recently purchased for me a road bike and a mountain bike.   I took them into Mcghies and had them built for me.   While my wife was in there she fell in love with a beach cruiser, so we also purchased that one.Over the past month they have helped me out numerous times,  from information on trails and setting up the bikes.  I'm no expert,  but right from the start they were very helpful and friendly.  Their bike selection has all ranges, and I'd advise anyone looking for a bike to go there and  at least test some out. You should also check out Sport Chalet and REI.  If you do buy online,  Mcghies is the perfect place to get it tuned and if it's a road bike professionally adjusted to fit your body.   Just wheel your bike in,  and drop it off at the counter at the back of the store,  fill out the card and their service crew (some of the friendliest guys I have met in Vegas) will help you with all your questions.
5	I just spent my afternoon at the shop. This was my second time there. Both times I had the best experiences. I have a temporary cheap single gear that I'm using to get back into cycling before I make a big purchase on a Trek. They spent hours fitting me and fine tuning things on my bike. The staff was witty and fun. Even though they were very busy and I didn't have an appointment for my fitting, they made it happen. Can't wait to return to purchase my next bike in a couple months. I would recommend everyone to go there for a fitting. MORE THAN WORTH THE MONEY!
5	Great local bike and snowsports shop...they have everything you need to get on the road or the slopes and they have a incredible selection of trek and cannon sale bike and many kinda of boards and bindings!!   The service center is also very knowledgable and reliable!!!
5	I was helping a friend move into the area and was able to sneak in a little bike time.  I stopped by McGhie's for a map and a couple packets of Gu.  Nick got me set up with a map of the Cottonwood trail system and gave me some trail recommendations. The map was just what I needed, trail descriptions were a great help, and Nick is a really nice guy.  The store is gorgeous and well-stocked, sporting the coolest bike fit system I've ever seen. The employees were personable and engaging, and you can bet this will be my shop next time I'm in town.
5	This was our first mountain bike adventure, we are avid road cyclists.  We decided to try it out to see if we would become interested in mountain biking and we are so glad we did!  Amy was the best guide, she was thorough, knowledgeable and entertaining, as well as patient, explaining everything as we went along!  We couldn't have done it without her.  The trails were rocky at times (due to recent rains) and challenging; and some parts were smooth and a lot of fun once we kind of got the hang of it.  And the scenery?  Awesome!  It was so nice to be out in nature and away from vehicles.  Thanks again to Amy and Mcghie's!  We will definitely be back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	So i got a new amazing Never Summer Infinity Snowboard and I NEED new bindings for it so I can use it for Tahoe over the weekend! I searched far and wide and Mcghie's was my last stop. Should have been my first! I walked in and a sales associate helped me right away. I told him I needed new binding and they need to match - and I showed him a picture and he said he had bindings from last season that would totally work. He opened the box and showed me: Boom. DONE! I bought those bad boys right up and he asked if I had my board with me. I didn't. But he said I should just come back and they would mount them for me. I left and came back and another associate helped me - he mounted my bindings and gave me some snowboarding tips, even did a quick wax job and I was on my way! Great service! Thank you!
4	Here for a quick visit, wanted to squeeze a ride into Red Rock Canyon since it looks so cool.  I reserved a bike online, was super easy to do.The location is good to get there and back (35mi ride).  The service and mechanics were  helpful and friendly.  Very accommodating, gave me detailed instructions on the route and paid very good attention to the fit detail to try to fit me into their bikes the best way possible.  Super good experience all-around, however I will say that the bike was not built for me upon arrival so it cut into my ride time by about an hour. I'd suggest confirming with them on the phone the day prior to make sure they have it ready for you.
5	Rented a bike from these guys. Really chill and super helpful. Provided helmet, patch kit, and water with rental. Also, took the time to mark the best / safest route on a map they also provided. Good dudes. Good prices. Highly recommend!
1	Poor poor service from uninterested service department. They are usually much better than this.
5	Check it out, Sean @ McGhies, the total stud of ultimate customer service. I've bought, boards, skis, got waxed, boat Tule (the bomb) racks from him, and only him will I buy from for the last 20 at least years. This is not in anyway endorsed by them, I am just so thankful for the outstanding, above and beyond service I've gotten from these that I really feel I should take the time to tell everyone how satisfied I've been, and will never, ever shop elsewhere. Check out the new trek caliber he just sold me!!!!! I'm gloom out, it was less than I expected, I ordered it, was here in a jif, and it's 20 times any other bike I've road, and I am an animal that is really rough on any equipment....Now dig this, I've bought from Sean Oh, like, 6 or so different racks, snowboard, surfboard, kayak, mountain bike, and now a SUP rack, all super serviced, by Sean himself. It's like this, but the best, once, and be done with it, which is Thule @ McGhies from Sean, you'll be do satisfied as I am, you'll never go elsewhere. I am only so happy to let other outdoor enthusiasts know how great I've been treated, and the cool thing is, he does this for all his customers. I'm just one of his worst really, cheap, hard on the gear, and expect it to be handled rightly if something goes wrong, and at McGhies, that's how it works...I swear, the next new rack for the SUP 's ( or Stand up paddle boards in case your a lubber) is  $250 that I just ordered, I'm so happy with thier service there, id pay $300, or more, just to show them how helpful they've been. It's to the point where I don't care about the price, because the service, follow-up or initial is so good, I don't need a deal, but they give it to you anyway. I deem McGhies ruler of retail in their field cause their customer service is to die for.... Thanks, Shawn, and McGhies, and here's to the next 20 years of working together, yeah baby!! :-)Attila
4	Stopped by to have my bicycle tire replaced.  I was in this store for 10 minutes.  The price was about $19, $9 for the tire and $10 for the labor.
5	I was looking for mountain bikes for my wife and I. I was on Craigslist and thought I'd get more info on different features on different bikes. So I went into Mcghie's. They happened to have two Gary Fisher Matching mountain bikes in our sizes. They were used bikes they used to rent out for bike rentals. I bought them at a good price, comparable to used bikes of this type on Craigslist. Except these came with a one year warranty from Mcghie's. I liked that they are a family run business and stand behind their customers. Even with used bikes. 8 months into ownership of my bike, a front shock started to leak. I brought it in and they told me that some seepage is normal, but to keep an eye on it, and I took the bike home. Five months later, I noticed it was still leaking. I took it back in. By this time, the bike was one month out of warranty. But they remembered I had brought it in initially months before, within warranty. They took in the bike, sent out the front shocks to Fox for reseal. They called me to come pick it up when it was done. No charge. I want to say thanks To Chris P for his thorough knowledge of bikes in general. He was a great salesman and helped me through the whole process. I also want to thank Ben, the general manager of the store. He was the guy who represented McGhie's and their outstanding customer service by taking care of my bike and standing behind the sale. You don't find many companies like this anymore and I took a while to decide on who to do business with. I'm a customer for life. Great selection of bikes and gear, and every single person who works there are avid bikers themselves. Thanks guys! Joe Cervantes
5	I have been doing business with Mcghies for over ten years. I purchased my first road bike over 10 years ago from them. Recently I put an order in for a new road bike and was told the bike would be in a month. I received a call from Sean the manager that there was a problem with shipment of the bike I ordered and I would not be getting "that" bike. Sean said "I pitched a fit to the bike rep of the company."  He said the rep would give me an upgraded bike for their error and asked me if that would be ok. We are talking upgrading from a  $2200.00 road bike to a bike that retails for over $4000. I was ecstatic to say the least. Talk about customer service! In the past I have returned two bike pumps that were leaking and they were replaced with new ones on the spot, no hassles. The service department has always done a great job maintaining and servicing my bikes. The staff at Mcghies is helpful and knowledgeable. Thanks to Sean for going the extra mile!
5	Wasn't thinking I was going to buy a new road bike, but walked through the store and found the bike I've been wanting...in my size...at a very good sale price.  As a very obviously drooled on the new bike, a sales person approached, and I got ready for the pitch.  I very much dislike a high-pressure sales approach, and that is not what I experienced.  Matthew was the perfect salesman and let the bike do the sale for him.  After a couple test rides (that they encouraged, by the way) on a few bikes, my heart was set on one bike--done deal.  Taking measurements from my previous bike, they started a fit session with the new one and dialed in the new bike very, very well--instant comfort.  All included with the new bike.  The owner, Randy, came out to ensure I was happy with the process and purchase--unparalleled customer service and satisfaction.  I drive away having gotten a new bike at a great price with zero buyers remorse.  After a month of riding, the bike is everything I wanted it to be (Pinarello Rokh), and I am about to take it in for the complimentary first month's service.  Despite some of the negative reviews on Yelp, my experience was perfect and I will come back here for my future wheel, tire and more purchases even though they are across town from where I live.  Very Highly Recommended!
4	I just came to Mcghie looking for some EFS liquid shot, bento box (no not food peeps! ), and replacement part for my Gamin on my road bike. I have no idea comes too service department, or prices on bikes. I go different bike shop for those things. I never had desire too shop here cause heard bike shops around town Mcghie's on the higher end. More negative feed backs come customer service. I must admit from the minute walked in felt welcome, warm greeting, and tried looked for bento box kind of lost first time in the store. I just went up asked one of the workers directed me to all three items that looking for and talking about different options came to each one. Very informative very helpful. I know not much since just two tie strings for my Garmin piece. They never charged me for it. Just the other week went back get more EFS liquid shot. Thought was cool the guy remember repeat customer talking about different flavor EFS kona mocha try next long ride. I like yay stuff pretty good hence back for more....! The little things not sure if cheap but quicker then getting it on line. Just short drive from my house. Not sure if make major purchase here terms of my next bike. Customer service thought was fabulous. They do have nice stock of bikes in store, lot of little things, and full service shop.
4	We were in looking at bikes for my daughter. Our sales guy was very helpful in fitting her for the right size bike and answered all of our questions. The only thing is that they only had the 1 bike for her size and she didn't like it. Wish they had more to choose from for her.
5	Did a Red Rocks tour from the Blue Diamond location. Was almost like a mountain biking clinic- the guides were extremely knowledgeable and friendly, very willing to customize the tour to our desires. The bikes were top notch, new mountain bikes. I believe one in our party also had a higher end demo bike. The bikes had already been set up with the type of pedals requested, etc. Gear was clean and in good condition. This was all you could ask for and more for a mountain bike tour- highly recommended.
1	Really not a big fan of the salesperson telling me my rocker snowboard that I love is crap.  I've been riding for close to 30 years now and have own my share of both camber and rocker decks.  I'm allowed to enjoy what I want to ride without a condescending associate telling me my purchase doesn't meet his approval.No... I won't be returning.
