3	Ended up down here the other night... Rivergate is a pretty new shopping center with round-abouts galore.  This location is very clean and the people working here are pretty friendly.The unique thing I saw with this location was a floating "island" where all the ketchup, napkins, straws, and anything else you need (minus the sauces) reside.  There is a fairly large dinging room with fresh flowers (the happened to be daffodils) on each table that is well maintained.
5	Love this Chic-fil-A.  It's busy, but rarely ever a crazy zoo. The building is larger than most, which makes it feel way less crowded. Even at lunch, the crowd is pretty much adults lunching vs. hoards of screaming children. Staff is so, so friendly. I'm thinking of asking Mary, the floor attendant to adopt me as her granddaughter:)
1	Chic-fil-a is what it is. This one is a problem. The staff is out of control. The management does not seem to care. They only thing they know how to do is give away free meals when you complain. They never fix anything. You can call, they don't care. You can fill out surveys, they don't care. You can go in with a bad survey for a free meal and they will screw that up too. They get lazy and leave the chicken in the bater too long and it makes the chicken all clumpy and crunchy. When you take it back they give you another one with the same problem. Not impressed with this location. There are two others near by. One North and one in Baxter. Go to them but avoid this one. Problem is too many people go there and don't complain so as long as they are making money...you guessed it....they don't care. So I won't care either and won't be going back.
3	Waffle fries! Did you hear me? I said WAFFLE FRIES. That is all you need to know.Drive through is the way to go here. Quick and efficient, you will be on your way with your delicious waffly (is that a word? it is now!) goodness promptly.
4	As always good food what you expect but this location Is one of the slowest I haver ever been to. Typically the drive thru is backed up. One morning arrived to wait for breakfast rounds. Seriously waiting at 7 30 am to get breakfast rounds. Hate to hate but slow service and bad service has become the norm and we all too often just accept it.
3	It's what you expect from a chickfila but as others have noted, this one is a little slow... I think chickfila is the best fast food you can get!!! The new grilled nuggets are delicious (and try the honey roasted bbq sauce, you won't regret it) and the waffle fries are always amazing!!!
2	I agree with the others that this particular chick Fil a is Slowwww! The drive thru takes a while. Food is ok but the waffle fries are not as crispy as they should be I'm kinda disappointed! They only gave me a little bit of chicken on my salad too. I've had better in other locations.
1	Ugh went back there today and the fries are really cold and soggy again !!! Lemonade tastes kinda soapy too.
3	They are slow like a lot of reviews have stated. I stood waiting for my order and could see there are a lot people behind the counter, but the orders weren't coming out. Now unlike other fast food restaurants here at Chik Fil A your food will be hot and fresh and it was. Just too bad if I were in a hurry I would have to go somewhere else.
3	My issue with this location is service. The food was consistent with other locations I have eaten at. We were trying to grab a quick bite for breakfast as running around...well it took 15 mins in the drive through!! So much for fast food. And we would have just left but the drive is setup in a way you can't get out. I have seen many other locations know how to handle a busy morning and they by far do not.
