4	Huhhhh-huhhhh. That's a collective of people all exhaling, fogging up the big window facing St Paul's cobblestone street. A DJ spinned house at a decibel still conducive to conversations for a diverse mix of late 20 somethings, some in their parkas and toques, others in their stylish tights and heels, while we all sipped on wines in pre-marked glasses (are these tasting glasses?), beers and ordered bottle service. No cover on a Friday night, bottom of the barrel bottles of vino started at $40ish, and a glass of red rang in at $8. All in all, reasonable in my books. It might be a place to be seen, but the vibe veers towards friendly.And ladies, I saw plenty of single guys.. just sayin'
4	Can only sum it up in one way: The cheers of Old Montreal, where everybody knows your name...  For a some tapas and drinks, or late night shmoozing, this is now the place to be!  Do not go if you can't handle crowds, stuffiness, and maybe a free drink;)
4	Not a bad place to kill time trying to "fool" our way into dinner reservations at Garde Manger (damn you Chuck Hughes!).  We stopped into this wine bar in Old Montreal for a drink or three.  We were early, but you could tell the place was laid back and chill.  I just wished they had more wines by the glass (there were a few things that I wanted, but didn't want to stick a straw in a wine bottle).
4	This place had the hottest bartender I've ever seen in my entire life, and that assessment was made BEFORE I had my first drink. Seriously, like the most gorgeous woman I've ever seen sober. Eat your cold twisted heart out, experimental hybrid creature made up of Megan Fox, Kate Beckinsale, and Evangeline Lilly.So ask me, how did I handle meeting this beautiful creature?FANTASY:Bartender: Hey, how's it going?Me: (looking up) I'm good, looking for a drink. It's a hot night. (flips up second collar)Bartender: Yeah, I know, we gotta cool you off.Me: Huh? Yeah, gimme a double Jameson, neat.Bartender: Here's my phone number!REALITY:Bartender: Hey, how's it going?Me: D-UUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHRRRR.I heart Montreal so hard right now.
4	Come Thursday 5 a 7 time, Philemon bar gets packed quickly, until it's elbow-only room around the bar. I was there with a big group, and someone had the foresight to reserve us some plum seats, so we were cozy on the couches in the front window. It's a fancy crowd, and perfect for people watching. We were particularly taken with the lookalike of Mad Men's Christina Hendricks. They were playing some good tunes, too, that kept the vibe upbeat and a little dancey (confession: there may have been a little chair-dancing going on after a glass of bubbly). I was very pleasantly surprised with their wine list, especially the selection of wines by the glass. There were not one but three different sparkling wines available by the glass. I also had a mighty, peachy good glass of Burgundy Chardonnay. They also had a few beers on tap, and make most mixed drinks, so there's something for everyone. I haven't sampled the food, but they do have some small dishes available if you need something to soak up the alcohol.
2	Philemon sucks big time...service sucks also. Boss boy even reverse the whole tray on me...without any excuses. Just not a place you want to hang out with friends on Thursday night.In 3 months, this place will already be a dead place.Owners of this place, please make sure that you work on your customer service...because you seriously need to work on that if you want to be successful...
3	Classy, low-key lounge. We were there from 8.30p-10p on a Saturday and it was pretty dead...not sure what that was about. Service was also a little spotty. Our server...either didn't like us at all or couldn't really speak English, so he came across a little rude and cold. Whatever....we were there for drinks, not hugs. Would have been nice if it was a little more packed and happening.
2	I hated this place. Horrible service with really rude staff. They give you a rotten look when you cheap out on the tip... well guess what? Bad Service = Bad tips.They messed up my order, it took 3 times before they got it right. I see making a drink is such a hard job. I don't understand what the rave is about, but its just a bar with no flare. I won't be returning here.
1	Absolutely awful.  Just finished a fantastic dinner across the street and were looking for a nightcap.  Waited in line for 10 min to check our coats only to learn that our American money was 'of no value to them'.  We were looking to hang out, have a bunch of drinks, and spend our hard-earned cash.  Epitome of arrogance and racism.Americans or other out-of-towners, avoid this place at all costs.  They are unwelcoming and unfriendly.
4	Great place to grab a cocktail or a yummy beer on tap, have some snacks and relax with friends. The staff are fun and the atmosphere is relaxed. The antipasto plate is great for sharing too.
4	If you want a relaxing, chill, yet fun evening, Philemon Bar in Vieux Montreal is the place to be.  It is one of those unique places that are trendy, but not too pretentious.  As others have said you find find all sorts of people partying here on any given night.  I've only been here on the weekends and late at night, so can't speak for 5 a 7.  But, the place starts to get packed starting around 10-10:30 pm.  I know I have walked by a few times with the intention of going, but it was too cold to wait outside in the long line.  For drinks they have a few special cocktails, but the standard drinks are what I stuck to.Service was good, we had a roving waitress take our orders and she was quick and efficient.  We had to stand by the DJ booth because there really wasn't much else space left.  As far as the music, it is an eclectic mix that doesn't drown out conversations.My only concerns stem from the fact that the bar in the center is oddly shaped, thus creating areas that have a lot of room and some areas that are tight.  Makes for a hard time to walk around.
3	My experience there was ok. No more. It's one of the new flavor of the month type of places. Service was good, a little pricey as was expected. But I wasn't left with the urge to return. Certainly not if I had to wait in line.
2	If you like hanging around with 50 year old people then this is your spot! If you're not wearing adult diapers move on.
4	This is a great place for a 5a7 in the Old Port.  When we arrived, a little before 5, the place was dead, but quickly started to fill up.  By the time I left just before 7, it was quite busy, but not crazy busy, fun busy.  Bonus points for allowing us a group reservation.  More bonus points for bringing us a big pitcher of water and glasses upon arrival.  The drinks themselves are quite nice.  I sampled a couple of the $12 cocktails, and while no, they are not cheap, they are quite strong and very tasty, and a little bit different than the standard.  But not too strange either.  Just right.The space itself is really interesting.  I liked the mix of bar, booths, little nooks with benches and bars.  Spaces that could be good for a group, or for a more intimate conversation, or just a bunch of friends hanging out.The only thing that would make this place even better is if the windows opened.  It would have been so nice to sit near the window and enjoy a breeze.  Oh and slightly cheaper drinks, but then I'm cheap and those drinks aren't going to make themselves, so I guess I'm ok with the price.
4	Montreal, I missed you.Walking through the cobblestone streets in Montreal Old Port, you will find Philemon at a huge giant with a roped entry, yet a small unassuming sign.The doorman was probably one of the nicest I've seen in a LONG time. No power trips, and let us in right away through the tiny door, once again in contrast to the giant entry gate outside.The place was packed on a Saturday night. The DJ played a mix of well, everything, with some great 90s stuff thrown in. It was WAY too loud to have a conversation, but heck, a great place to get your drink on. The crowd was a good age - late 20s to late 30s, and you could find people in heels and dress shirts, as well as casual groups in jeans and t-shirts just looking for a good time.. and of course the odd few in wife-beaters and fedoras pretending to be a Backstreet Boy. It's all good. Service was a tad bit slow, but I get it - the place was packed. Drinks were well priced.The best part of Philemon was that by the end of the night, people had gotten up on the bar and the speakers to dance on, and seemed to have a blast. We cleared the place out at 3 when the lights came on.  Definitely a very Montreal vibe. A lot of fun!
2	I've experienced better service, alcohol and pricing before. I'm glad that Montreal has lots of bars to resort to in case you end up bumping into one of these!I heard people had greater experiences with 5 a 7 but on a Thursday night.... not the best.Older people, not for 20-30 years old
4	I don't think I've ever enjoyed a gin and tonic as much as I do over here.  Philemon is a good loungey-bar to go to with a group of friends or a date while out and about in Old Montreal. In all my experiences here, I've always received friendly and attentive service. On weekends the place gets pretty packed as the night unfolds, which is to be expected. So be sure to get there at a decent time if you expect to find a free banquet, places at the bar, or on the high chairs. While you're there, take a look around you to notice the quirky fixtures and appliances that accessorize the space.
4	I tend to like a bar best at its quieter, off-hours and Philemon is no exception. After a nice L'Orignal dinner on a Sunday with good company a mosey through the pretty cobblestone streets of Old Montreal over to the wide windows of Philemon is a pleasure. It's industrial modern without being too much so, doesn't sacrifice comfort and good taste. There's a tasty list of house cocktails and waitstaff smart enough to know when to recommend a straight scotch or old fashioned instead. Not overpriced for the area, and totally a great option when not obnoxiously over-crowded, like on a winter Sunday with good company.
4	Craft cocktails are always a welcome treat. Craft cocktails served by a cool waitress/bartender are even better. Craft cocktails served by a cool waitress/bartender while listening to awesome music is the best. Philemon is a lot of fun. I can see how/if the place was packed that it might not be fun but most places, when packed, are not a lot of fun. Lucky for me and my friends, we came on a quiet Sunday night and enjoyed all the space and (relative) quiet that we liked. Well, if you count listening to dance and new wave as quiet. I do and it's fantastic!Knowing that PB was known for its libations, I started with a #7. The drinks are numbered and grouped by spirit. I'm all for drinks with a sweeter tinge to them (and not to say that this drink was like drinking a soda) but the experience was a bit beige for me. That's when Naomi, our waitress/bartender, swooped in to action and told me that I should have ordered an Old Fashioned. I let her know that I'm from Kentucky and was Old Fashioned/bourboned out. She scoffed and said I'd never tasted one of hers. Intrigued, I ordered one and, true enough, I loved her take on an Old Fashioned. I don't know whether it was the bourbon, the bitters, the fruit, or the simple syrup/sugar, but the drink was as good as I've had and not at all humdrum. Vindicated, she told me that I should always trust her. I became a believer that evening. Trust in the cocktail powers (and infectious awesomeness) of Naomi. Now you know.
2	Nice place in the old port,  but to me the unfriendly waitress ruins everything (the blonde girl behind the bar). No smile at all... you almost feel that you disturbed her. .. unfortunately,  there's nothing there that makes me wanna come back, especially with the overpriced drinks.
3	It was just after we got done rocking out to Arcade Fire in Parc Jean-Drapeau that I found myself walking through Old Port to a bar "where we had a table in the back with bottle service."  When I got outside and saw the lineup, I started wondering whether we would have been better off skipping the show to get there early and avoid the wait...hold on, no I didn't, I didn't think that for a second!  Arcade Fire ROCKED!It wasn't until I red the nondescript sign on the front of the building that I saw the sign "Philemon" until I knew where I was: the semi-famed 20-somethings destination for Montreal nightlife.I'd been interested in checking this place out before I'd gotten to Montreal, having heard good things about the cocktails and the hip vibes (OK, maybe I had just heard about the cocktails...which were good).  The place does a good job all-around, from the service to the drinks, but I wouldn't say it's over-the-top.  Table service was good despite the wall-to-wall crowd.  Space was definitely at a premium, with minimal space for a dance floor, and a bar right in the middle that forces you to squeeze through the crowd, regardless of where you're at in the club.Definitely a good spot to add to a night roaming around Old Port, but I wouldn't make it your only destination.
4	Good experience here! Delicious cocktails, but pricey. Great people watching. The bar tenders work hard and seem happy :-) They had a DJ on Saturday night and the place was bumping.
5	Fantastic collection of wine. Wonderful staff. I also recommend their small burgers. But the most amazing thing about Philemon other than the walls is the wine collection. I have learned tons by just trying things on the menu or by taking with the staff. Last but not least, I love their chandelier. That's what made me go inside the first time. A serendipitous find. Definitely recommend it for girls night out.
5	I asked a hostess at a restaurant for recommendations on a bar or lounge or neighborhood to spend our last evening in Montreal. She suggested Philemon and mentioned it would be a cool bar plus there are other ones nearby in case we wanted to hop. We take a cab to Saint Paul in Old Montreal and I see the address for the unassuming bar, but no door or sign. Then I see some people walking down a short alleyway and up stairs to a black door. This is it! As you enter you'll find yourself in a dark yet cozy hipster bar with a DJ spinning house and hip hop. The bartenders are skilled and attentive. Tip: check out the bar in the back rather than the middle main bar. The service is faster. My bartender made a perfect dirty martini. After 12am the crowd gets more lively and a dance party will ensue. Enjoy!
