5	This is just about as good as it gets!I've been going here for a couple years. They have a fantastic variety of pastries, breads & croissants to make you insane and obese all at once. Everything is good... everything!They also serve up big fresh sandwiches that are flat out delicious, yet simple, made on the spot for a very nominal price. Like 5$! I'll often walk by on my way to the park, grab my lunch and watch the weirdos prowl Parc Lafontaine for an hour. Enjoy!
4	Best butter croissants in Montreal; gorgeous and consistently breathtakingly divine!Cheese croissant is also excellent.  Great pastries; all very reasonably priced, as are the hand crafted coffee beverages.2 small bar tables & a bar along the window facing the street.They also sell savoury items like meat pies and freshly made sandwiches, but I can never forego multiple croissants on every visit...
5	I walked by this place at least a hundred times before it spoke to me.  Now I'm a regular.  Fresh breads, perfectly moist and savoury cheese croissants, chocolate almond croissants, millet pies and a few dozen other items to choose from.I brought a lemon Meringue pie to a friends house and the entire pie was gobbled up to rave reviews.   I quote "I just want to scrape up all that lemon into my mouth"I'm giving 5 stars but I'm not a huge fan of the coffee.  My latte has a bit of a bitter / sour taste that actually makes it a challenge to drink.
5	Thank you for introducing me to the wonder that is the almond croissant. Crisp, flaky outside, moist pastry mingled with almond paste. I feel myself slipping into a diabetic coma just thinking of it.
5	Coming to  Montreal for the first time...I knew I want to go to a bakery cafe to sit down have a cappuccino  and pastry... we were walking back from le banquise and stopped in to eat here.. i will be coming back maybe today or tomorrow before I leave for home.. a must for everyone!!
5	Great little bakery,not too many choices where bread is concerned,but very good and cheaper than the other artisanale bakeries around the city. Odd that I never noticed this before; the freshly baked goodies are great too,but again selection is limited compared to some of the other places. For a very affordable lunch,or light dimner,try their special soup/quiche/potpie or soup/panini specials,all come with a small salad... all for a little over $7.00 plus taxes of course. Good place to keep in mind.
5	I have been in this nice bakery twice, and I loved it.
4	A fantastic selection of pastries, quiches, breads, cakes... just about everything you can imagine. They also make delicious baguette sandwiches and sell some of the best jarred pickles I've had in Montreal. Oh, and of course, they make a stellar cup of coffee.
5	Best pastries ever! And i m really picky when it s about croissant!  i love the freshness of the products , best croissant of montreal. Other products are also very good. A nice retro atmosphere in every bakery, it took me sometimes to finally find THE good bakery, i love it and recommend 300%!
4	paninis? yes! yummy paninis? yes!!! love it
