5	For those who don't read the labels of your OTC pharmaceuticals to write yelp reviews... Matrixx is the developer of my beloved Zicam. Specifically, my beloved Zicam Intense Sinus Relief No-Drip Nasal Gel.Nasal gel. Gross. But oh -- Matrixx -- THANK YOU for developing this amazing nasal gel. (nasal gel. ha! i can't get over it...)With cooling menthol AND eucalyptus. Because, without it, I'd be a stuffed-up, non-functioning girl right now. It's the ONLY thing that will clear up a stuffy nose/head/sinuses.. and after this nasty flu that has kicked my ass... this nasal gel (ha!) is what has saved me more than anything else in my arsenal of OTC drugs.It may be more expensive than other OTC drugs (11+ bucks) but it's the only thing that consistently works IMMEDIATELY. Thank you thank you thank you!!!
1	Matrixx Initiatives is the company who makes the Zicam cold remedies.   I recently found the nasal gel to be effective in terms of shortening and lessening my cold symptoms.   And I've not experienced diminished sense of smell as had been reported in a class action suit from 2006.  http://www.lawyersandsettlements.com/case/zicam.html   But I tried using the Oral Mist, Mint flavor as an alternative to the Nasal Spray - seemed more dignified than the nasal gel during a recent all-day business meeting.   I stopped using the product after two days of use because it left a lingering metallic-sour flavor in the mouth.   A mild sense of nausea is also present.  It's been a day since discontinuing use, and these symptoms have not diminished to any degree.   So my cold has gone away for the most part, but overall I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth with this product.
5	Now for a review of my "Nuclear Option" for cold symptoms.....Zicam.  I don't like to use this very often, once or twice a year, but when I do it's because all other options have failed and this is my last line of defense.I've used two of their products over the years.....the Throat Spray & their Chewy Lozenges.  The Lozenges work well, but taste awful.  Even though it's flavored, I don't like it.....by the way, my tolerance level for taking nasty medicine is high...these are at the top of the list.The Throat Spray is much easier on the taste buds, although you won't be able to taste much of anything after a day or two of using this stuff.  Their older product was very harsh on the taste buds, not any more.....their new spray has a nice Mint flavor to it....so it's very mild.  But the active ingredients in it is what kills the taste for food.  I don't care though, I don't want to get sick.  It works 8 out of 10 times.  When it doesn't work, I get really sick.Overall, it's a great product and there isn't an alternative out there that I'm aware of.  We always have a bottle of the spray in the house and I have one that I travel with.  You can get a 2 pack at Costco or Sam's Club.Thankfully I haven't had to use it this Winter!
