5	Three stories, interior entrances, all season heated pool.Very impressed with this property.  My king suite had a separate seating area, two HDTVs, a wet bar with microwave, mini fridge and sink (dinnerware available upon request), a vanity area with make up mirror and seat, and wall mounted thermostat for the heat and a/c.Free breakfast featured scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage & bacon, plus cereals, fruits, breads, yogurt - with real plates and utensils.They are a Choice Hotels Gold Award winning property.Only negative thing I noticed was graffiti that had been scratched into the door and wall of the elevator.
2	Overall: Non smoking room  stinks like cigarettes.  This was an otherwise nice place, but I would never stay here again because of the smell.Pros:-Breakfast (included in price of room) was probably the best we've had at a chain hotel.-2 Flat screen TVs.  I could watch TV on the couch and not disturb my sleeping husband.-In a safe area.  There was a Talbot's (upscale women's clothes) right across the street.-If you smoke, it's a good deal.  We paid $90 including taxes on hotwire for a weeknight stay.Cons:-The cigarette stink on the 3rd floor is overwhelming.  We could still smell it in our nonsmoking room all night.
1	The only reason I am giving Quality Suites Pineville 1 star is because the staff at the front desk are nice. If not, I would have not given them a star at all. I booked here because the rooms are cheap and it's in a location that is very convenient for me. I was on the fourth night of a nine night stay at the hotel. I wake up and feel these bumps on my shoulder as I'm in the shower. When I get out and look in the mirror there is a row of bumps On the back of my right shoulder. I take some pics of them and start "googling". Come to find out that I have been served as an "All you can eat" buffet for Bed Bugs that night. I immediately go to the front desk and demand another room. Honestly, I didn't even want to do that. I wanted out but I read that they can possibly be confined to one room. I go to my new room and now that I'm super paranoid and grossed out, I turn the mattress over and pull out all the sheets. Low and behold another bug sitting on the covers. Bigger, different color, not a bed bug but at this point, there all the same. I took another picture so I'm not made out to be crazy. I storm out of the room and go back to the front desk. After politely informing them of how unsanitary their establishment is, I demand to be checked out. Stuttering in shock, they regretfully complied. I then contacted Hotwire and Quality Suites Corporate office to file formal complaints and demanded remediation for this horrible experience.  Moral of the story. Don't stay there (Unless you like bugs!!). I am a very frequent traveler and this is the first time this happened but it causes a big inconvenience. Not only with the hotel but you have to sanitize yourself and every thing you had in the room, even luggage.
