4	Aaron Brothers is really great for everything but framing. They have everything you could need for a ton of different art projects. As I said in my quick tip, go somewhere else for custom framing. They seem cheap because of their "sales" but really those are normal prices. I had a few things custom framed there a couple years ago and it was very expensive. I now go to a mom and pop custom framer and I can get three things framed for what Aaron brothers charged to frame one thing. If you feel like DIY framing, their ready made buy one and get one for a penny is really great.
4	I used to refuse to shop at any Aaron brothers, but now that I work next to this one, well I thought I'd give it a shot.Here's what sold me: the back clearance section. They have a whole corner with clearances frames, prints, utensils, and leftover holiday goods. I scored so much from here for myself and small child. I got her puffy monster high stickers for like a dollar, and i am in constant need for frames for my art.I can't stop going back to search their clearance!The only reason i don't 5 star this place is the selection (which is not vast) and they are a bit pricey. Other than that, their service is immaculate and its clean and neat in there. I just signed up for coupons through email, so I will prob go more often now.
5	The staff is very knowledgable and extremely friendly. The frames they stock are very high quality and they have so many selections! Craft section, paint section, and art section are always well stocked. This is by far my favorite photo/craft/art store!Note: check their online site for coupons, I usually get 20-50% off one item every time I go!
5	My first visit to this store and I was super impressed and happy with the outcome of our mission to get a few frames. We purchased some awesome art work at the tattoo convention in town this past weekend and wanted to frame it. I knew right away this store was the place to stop before anywhere else!The helpful staff measured our posters as we had four all in different sizes and some odd sizes as well.We also came at the perfect time! Buy one get on free black or white frames! We bought two and got two free! Wow we saved about 65.00 and bought four new black frames!We bought right off of the shelves and did not have to custom order :)The staff is super cool and friendly! They even let us stay and use a large table of theirs to frame our posters so we did not have to take them back with us and worry about them getting bent.We will be back for all of our framing needs!
5	The employee's are nice and helpful. This one time a woman went on a scavenger hunt for matte's. I was like, 'whoa, calm down.' Very helpful. The only complaint I do have about the employees is that if the one and only employee working there is helping someone with a custom frame job and you are just waiting to check out the picture frame you are buying, it is going to be a wait. And I understand, that person was there before me and I should wait my turn, but they are doing a 30 minute job and I just want to buy a frame. I wish there were always two cashiers working but then again I understand that they are not the type of store that is always busy.Anyway, their selection on frames is wonderful and the frames are so beautiful I could just buy them all. They sell mirrors and other home decor. And you can't leave without scanning their clearance section; there are always goodies there!
4	I had a picture printed on large paper (22 x 24) and wanted to get it nicely framed.  I went to Aaron Brothers and they were very helpful.I really had no idea what I wanted to do and I was able to pick some matting and a frame that were on sale.  While the price was over $300+ even with the sale items, which was much higher than I thought it would be, I'm still pleased with with the outcome.They have a camera that they can take a picture of your item and put it on a computer screen with the matte and frame that you pick so you can get an idea of what it will look like.It took about 3 weeks for it to be finished.I would definitely come back here for professional framing needs.
5	This store has lots of interesting things to buy besides frames. I went in to get a frame for a beautiful painting my 12 year old made. The lady working there asked me what type I wanted (white and not too expensive) and showed me several nice frames.  She was very helpful and I'll definitely go back to see their other goodies when I have more time!
5	They have a huge selection of frames and art supplies. They carry a nice selection of kids stuff too. Very friendly and professional. Great custom framing designs as well as stuff off the floor. They offer a great time frame package with great turn around time. I recommend you get all of your things framed here. They truly frame the things you love.
4	Largely unaware of these guys prior to moving to Phoenix last year it was with a smile that I found Aaron Brothers not only in Las Vegas, but steps from my new home with service just as friendly and helpful as the location I frequented in the past.  Fancying a sort of disjointed and varied framing approach throughout my home I've never once entered Aaron Brothers without buying something and whether the plan is to mat, buy something stock, or have a custom option made to order the prices are always fair or better - particularly if you're in a position to wait for a sale.  Featuring more than just frames, including scrapbooking materials and other art supplies plus a few mirrors, posters, and decorations yet lacking the clutter and disarray that plagues Michael's or Hobby Lobby I'm sure it is only a matter of time before I'm back.
