1	On a brisk Sunday morning, I was leaving one establishment on Broadway Avenue when I saw another: Lynn's Cafe.  Ever the adventurous type, I decided to check it out for breakfast #2, AKA breakfast dessert.When I walked in, there was a large group of people seated in the center of the restaurant.  And they were obviously regulars because it was as if no other customers existed.  It felt like there were too many tables against the walls and I felt slightly uncomfortable as I sat down.  I told the waitress I needed a minute to look at the menu.  It was probably closer to 10 minutes before someone came back over to check on me, and only after I try to flag her down.  I don't know why, but I find it amusing that in many places you can order single pancakes, so I thought that would be a good idea for my breakfast dessert.  They offer both chocolate chip and pecan and I just couldn't decide.  So I got one of each.  But be warned, each pancake is over $3.  Yes, that's right, my bill was $7.04 for two pancakes - and all I had to drink was water.  I was expecting these to be life-altering pancakes.Don't get me wrong, the pancakes are big and fluffy, but they are also bland.  The one with the nuts was so dry, I had to keep putting syrup on.  And I don't usually drown my pancakes or waffles in a lot of syrup.  Also, the chips and nuts were not mixed into the batter, they were just on one side of the pancake.  I ate half of each and decided I had to take the rest home because I couldn't finish.  When I went to put my chocolate chip pancake into the to-go container, half the chips stuck to the plate.  You better believe I scraped those bad boys off and spread them across my pancake to go.  I needed something to give them flavor. Again, no one ever checked on me or asked me if I was done or needed anything else for a good 10 minutes.  Oh, did I mention I'm at a table about 5 feet from the counter?  And this is while a gentleman who works there, perhaps the owner or manager, was conversing with the large group sitting nearby.  Never once did he engage the other diners, which may have earned back one of the stars I deducted.  When I finally left, I saw looks from other customers that indicated I was not the only one having a negative experience.  I won't be back and I'll be sure to tell others that if they find themselves on Broadway Avenue in McKees Rocks the better choice is Marge's Place across the street.
5	Went here with a few of the regulars. It's a small ma & pa diner in McKees Rocks. I ordered the #2 and both the bacon and sausage were to die for. Thick bacon & really tasty sausage patties. The eggs were made exactly how I asked and the pancakes were thick and awesome. I am stickler for good coffee and had no issue with this blend at all. I enjoyed driving into McKees Rocks as it hearkens back to the old river small town feel. Give it a shot. The other review I read here on Yelp was incredulous and did nothing for this place. I just did not have the same experience. Good stuff.
