5	Had great time last night! New Geisha House at this location has beautiful atmosphere, friendly staffs, and delicious food as always!!!  Great job Geisha Family!!!
2	Not really like I want.I went there with my wife for her birthday. I thought we will be have some surprise on it but totally up side down..... Maybe I expect too much. The food ok the chef not very good(no trick) the server kind of not much patient to listen what I want..... So that's bad experience for us.
5	Yahoo!!!! Finally a Japanese restaurant that is not located on the strip and made for locals! I went to the opening of Geisha Steakhouse with my friends to see what this place is all about and we were so impressed! I will get the point on this review on why this place deserved the 5 star!1. The decor of Geisha reminds me of a high end strip restaurant... the exotic decorations... contemporary and chic.... huge LED/LCD screens... excellent music.... okay i know i can go on but you get the point. Perfect place for a night out with the girls or on a date!!!!2. The food and cocktails are so amazing!!! We started off by ordering the Geisha Bliss and Kiwi-licious. The Geisha Bliss is a must have because it has this coconut foam on top that blends so well with the rest of the cocktail. The Kiwi-licious is just like how it sounds... real kiwi and so ono-delicious :)  For food we ordered the salmon and hamachi sushi. You can see in the pic i posted how fresh the fish tasted. We also ordered the shishito peppers, egg rolls, and beef carpaccio. For entrees we all tried to order different dishes so we can try a bit of everything, we ordered the scallops, braised pork belly, fresh halibut, and braised short rib. While everything was spectacular, the best dish was the braised short rib... .it tasted just like the dish from SHIBUYA @ MGM.... OMG it was so good!!!! the sauce accompanied with the puree of potatoes was fabulous! For dessert, we ordered the peach cobbler/pie. It was a layer of fanned out fresh peaches stacked with i think filo dough and topped with whipped cream and fresh berries (you can see in the pic). Everything was so so so good. 3. Service was fantastic, everyone was very knowledgeable on the best dishes and cocktails. I live on the other side of town in Henderson, but if i could i would go there after work for a cocktail and tapas. They are running awesome specials for the locals on their tapas so if its your first time you can try a bit of everything :) For my fellow Yelpers, like their facebook page and you can see their updates on specials!!!Good job Geisha, I'll be back!!!!
3	We did not realize that this location was in its first weeks and their formal opening in only later this week.  We were quite happy, however, with the service and the sushi.  We were primarily looking for a place to eat Sushi.  They still have some kinks to work out, e.g. minor issues in the bar, the bathrooms, staff knowledge of the menu and traffic flow through the restaurant.  This did not impact the quality of the sushi which was very good.  Perhaps too much time is spent on presentation of the food.  We felt, for example, the serving the red bean ice cream on a bed of crushed ice was not only unnecessary but made it difficult to eat the ice cream.
5	I didn't expect such a great restaurant to open up.Me and a couple of my friends were passing by looking for a place to eat and we found geisha steak house. We found out that they recently opened up, the interior of the place is AMAZING. I was breath taken several times that night. We greeted  by an amazing staff wearing traditional japanese clothing. Once seated the servers were amazing to informing us on specials and what not. So i ordered the Crisp skin salmon and it was delicious not only the taste but the freshness of the food was outstanding. My friend in the other hand ordered the fire grilled lamb chops and that too was amazing...My over all experience was amazing. One of the best japanese restaurants in summerlin. Ive had my fair share of sushi and japanese cuisine and this experience tops any restaurant
3	I have been here twice since this place has opened...Food - GreatAtmosphere - Great, Just like the Sapporos that was there previously.Prices - Opening specials were amazing, Prices on menu were fairService - Horrible... All our waitress did was flirt with the manager/owner and twirl her hair for him while we sat waiting for our roll that she forgot to put in, our waters that needed to be refilled, and lastly the check!!!
5	Great new restaurant for locals!!!Atmosphere:  I was greeted by friendly hostesses that were dressed in authentic geisha kimonos. Cool, trendy, sleek decor with great music. I came here with my boyfriend and dined inside the restaurant, but they have a beautiful patio setting that I will definetly take advantage of the next time I visit. This is the perfect place to bring a date to, or even for a classy dinner for the family. Food: The sushi was immaculate. The fish was extremely fresh and vibrant. Their ponzu sauce is delicious! It's been a long time since I've had the privilege to taste this quality of sushi. With the entire town flooded with ayce sushi restaurants, it's been nearly impossible for me to find a sushi restaurant that prefers quality over quantity. My boyfriend tried the braised short ribs which he described as melt in your mouth delicious. The Serrano hamachi dish was very inventive. This is usually one of my favorite dishes, but I've never seen it made with yuzu foam which made it outshine all the other places I've tried it at. We also had the lamb pops for an appetizer, and we had to order an extra order because my boyfriend loved it so much. All the dishes were tantalizing to the taste buds.Service: Our server was attentive, knowledgeable, and patient with our questions, and trust me we had a lot of them to answer. I don't know much about sake, but I wanted to try something new. The server gave me a quick 101 on the different sakes available which made it much easier for me to decide from. The managers came by and checked on us to make sure we had a good experience, which was really nice to see that everyone was eager to serve us well. Most of the things we ordered were recommendations from the server, and I'm glad she was so informative about the dishes. She also served us ginger coffee chocolates at the end of our meal that was complimentary. A perfect ending to a perfect meal.Price: With the decor and presentation of the food, I would imagine the dishes would be quite pricey. However, that was not the case at all. Extremely affordable prices that I would actually pay double for, but I was glad to be able to enjoy everything for such a great price. Great job GEISHA HOUSE! I will be a returning customer for sure!
5	U must try here  so  assume  interior is good  food good i think this place is best teppan restaurant in  vegas  i tried sushi  it was  so  delicious and  pretty
5	It was great experiece:) It was much much better than what I thought of it!! I am sure that you guys would be surprise w/Geisha house!!! Just one word!! No wonder!! It is Geisha house
5	Oh Vegas, it's been awhile and I sure do miss you! I stumbled by Geisha House a few days ago during my long-awaited trip and I'd have to say that everything was stellar! The sushi was fresh, well prepared and the presentation was spectacular. Who doesn't love beautiful food?Nina was our server and she was simply lovely. I'm very picky and so I usually have a ton of questions and she patiently answered them, anticipated my needs in advance and most of all so personable and friendly! She was attentive, sweet and so funny! I felt like she genuinely cared about how my experience and that made everything even more memorable! Until next time Geisha House,
1	We went there around 10:10 pm i order sushi and sashimi with sake and fews beer.But my gf asking for the bill, We're Never got HH price 30% off in our bill ?? Or maybe b/c i use my groupon ?? i even call to making sure if i can use my groupon and still can get HH price together on the bill and that person on the phone say yes, but wtf ?? Plus i can only get HH at the bar and can only order sushi after 10:30 or 11 something like that, I didn't see the bill till I get home b/c I was drink lot of sake ..And They told me that HH is 10pm -2am &  I have Nothing more to say, but they such a FAT LIAR to your face..
2	Service need more improve, Food is High price and over all ( just ok) Sapporo is much better.
5	This was my third visit in a week and a half using a $40 Groupon.Spider Roll ($10.95):  This was our second time ordering this roll because we liked it.  There were only 6 pieces of soft shell crab, cucumber, gobo, kaiware, and avocado wrapped with soy paper with eel sauce on the side.   Spicy Scallop Roll ($6.45):  8 pieces of spicy scallop and cucumber sprinkled with black and white sesame seeds.  I probably wouldn't order this roll again, but it was inexpensive.Salmon Skin Roll ($6.45):  This was the best salmon skin I have ever had.  It was crispy with bonito flakes on top.  I would order this roll every single time.Dragon Roll ($12.50): California roll with sliced eel and avocado.  The server drizzled the roll with eel sauce table side.20 Piece Sashimi ($29.95):  The manager brought it out in a bowl.  The sashimi was presented on a bed of dry ice, so it looked like fog/smoke.  What a presentation!Service was excellent and our waters refilled.  Again the manager came by to check on us with a big smile on his face.  We will be back!
5	I had a wonderful B'day dinner last night at Geisha.  Felix, once again did a wonderful jobcooking our food. We ate lobster, filet, chicken, shrimp and drink for about $40.00/ person.There was a mix up in the beginning, I had made reservation with Felix, and a differentchef showed up, I panicked, went straight to ask for the manager, he made everything okay.The manager comped us with desserts and for my B'day they sent over flutes of  champagne with edible flowers (that tasted like plums).I think it was one of the best B'day dinner I have ever had in a long, long time
4	Great atmosphere and great service. Delicious food! Had sushi recommended by the waiter and a crazy fishbowl drink called bubble wrap! It had dry ice and was a show in itself
5	Wow, my first time here recommended by a friend. We got seated at "Nina" section and my awesome experience started then!!! She was friendly, knowledge and with a great smile. She started off with drink and ended recommending this amazing Blue Ninja Sakatini and it was "Good"!! I don't eat raw, so I ask Nina for recommendation since she had won my trust from the drink. And she exceeded ALL my sushi expectations with all the knowledge she had with EVERY item on the menu. I work in a bank as a manager and must provide excellent service each day, so I expect the same where ever I go. But "Nina" had far beyond exceeded my expectation! I would recruit her as my Banker just because she is that good with people. To management- I would promote her soon before someone like me who is always looking for great talent will recruit her one day. Thanks for an awesome night!
5	Love it here, the pink sauce is great, the filet hibachi is awesome and they put on a great show
2	I decided to try Geisha House after hearing wonderful things. I was not too impressed, and I'm easy to please! I had veggie tempura, eggrolls and chicken teriyaki. The service itself was excellent and very attentive on a slow Sunday night. The veggie tempura came out with shrimp in it though... I guess there was some kind of mix up. I didn't bother making a fuss of it since the veggie pieces were good. The dipping sauce was too salty though, and I ended up using their soy sauce which was somehow less salty! The eggrolls were more like chicken pepper taquitos. Very peppery and very crunchy, not delicate at all. The chicken teriyaki was fine. It was cooked okay, but bland. Despite the friendly staff, the food definitely needs improvement.
4	Great service.  The staff was very welcoming and the food was pretty good.  I highly recommend the 90% Roll & Geisha Roll had the freshest avocado incorporated into it.  I also got the $30 Geisha Special Hibachi Combo.  It came with a choice of wine or sake--which I picked sake-- ginger salad, soup, a hot plate of shrimp, chicken, steak & veggies and a side of rice.  The atmosphere was entertaining.  I would definitely come back.
5	I had a wonderful experience at Geisha House. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu and offered many suggestions. The food was great and the entertainment at the habachi grill was even better!
5	We love the atmosphere at this new Geisha House location. JC, the manager, was accommodating. Our servers Dylan and Nina were attentive even though it was busy. The food was delicious; and we've been to many sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. If you want a fun place with great music to hang out with a group of friends - this is the place!!! Sit in a booth near the back. That is where all the cool people are ;) Enjoy! We will be back.
4	I'm a huge hibachi fan and recently stopped at this place because I had a groupon. It was a little on the pricey side but the portions were massive, coming with an appetizer, soup, salad, wine or saki, fried rice, veggies, and 3 kinds of meat. I ordered just shrimp instead of one of the combo meals and was very pleased as it was cooked perfectly. I wasn't a huge fan of our chef as I felt the food was under-seasoned but the rest of the service was impeccable. I had alot of fun at this location and I think I'll be back.
5	First time here, great happy hour, great food, great drinks, good portions and there salad was exceptional, and sushi plates.  Will be back again soon, all 9 friends loved it and all of us will return again next week!!!
4	A group of us went to Geisha House for the teppanyaki and had a great time.  The prices were reasonable and the special, which was chicken, filet mignon, and lobster, all with the included sides of veggies, rice, soup and salad, was only like $35.  My friend and I both ordered a roll, mine was the What the Heck and she ordered Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend, they were both delicious but the rolls in addition to the grill food was soooo much food!!!  It all made great leftovers :DThe teppanyaki show was, of course, very fun.  Our chef was sociable and talented at volcanoes and egg cracking.  This places uses pink butter which I found a little weird (perhaps to hide undercooked food?  I'm not saying they have undercooked food, I'm just being a bit of a conspiracy theorist), but still tastes amazing and all your food has a pretty pink colour!Service was excellent, my roll was made in the wrong order but with all the right ingredients, and the manager brought it out to make sure that was okay, which I thought was a nice touch.  The soup was very good, I can't remember what all was in it but we all enjoyed it.  There is a peach sake - YOU WANT THAT.  Do not drink it as a beer or wine cooler, even though it may appear to be and taste like one.  My hubby loves teppanyaki and I'm a big sushi fan; this is definitely our new favourite place when we're craving those!
5	Came here to eat on a random day I had sushi and my gf had a salad. The sushi was great and my gf really liked her salad plus the service was very good. This location is new ans the inside of the restaurant is amazing.
5	Again 5 stars, Michael at the bar was attentive assuring our food and drinks were full.  Great food, great service and a great place.  Don't miss this new gem at their new location.  Can't wait till next week will be back!!!!
3	This restaurant has a very large and spacious interior. Upon entering you feel like you're in a chic ultra lounge. My friend and I came in at 6 pm on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy. Our waitress offered us their special roll of the night. The way she described it made it sound awesome so we went with it. We also ordered the lamb lollipops, edamame, shrimp tempura crunch roll, and the crab stuffed mushrooms. The special roll wasn't that special to us, it was more like a dud. It didn't have a lot of flavor and the sauce that accompanied it did not help. The fish used for it wasn't that great either. The lamb lollipops seemed a bit too fatty. Every bite was extremely chewy and consisted of fat so it wasn't that appealing while eating it. The bed of stringed carrots underneath the lamb lollipops did not taste so good either. Our favorites were the shrimp tempura crunch roll and the stuffed mushrooms. Both excellent in flavor and texture! It was also kind of strange that our sushi dishes did not come with any ginger and wasabi. When I requested for it the waitress just brought me back a bowl of pickled wasabi. Something I'm not so familiar with. I tried it and wasn't too fond of it. The staff was great overall. Our busser was most attentive, always coming by asking if we wanted our glasses refilled and if plates needed to be taken away. We were also given free mochi for checking in on yelp which is pretty sweet. My friend and I were considering going to the happy hour since they appear to have awesome deals, but this location is quite a drive from us since we live all the way in boulder city. I'm not sure how often I'd return here since I wasn't so impressed as I thought I would be.
4	Loved our first visit here, loved everything about the place - ambience, decor, service, quality of the food and the creative dishes. I was quite surprised actually when we first entered, had no idea it was that spacious and beautifully done from the billboard outside. Nice drinks, great sushi, some good ol football on a giant screen, I really enjoyed the place!
5	What can I say... This place is fabulous! From the moment we arrived we felt like they actually wanted us there!  The food was great, the service was by far THE BEST we have had in a very long time and the atmosphere is stunning. The management and staff are fantastic and if you haven't been here you should definitely go. We will definitely be returning. Thank you Geisha House for finally getting it right and we look forward to seeing you soon!
5	Just went there to have dinner with friends! Great atmosphere, good foods, and  wonderful customer service! Best teppanyaki in Las Vegas! Must try~~~
3	I want to give this place a higher score, but I just can't. My friend Christine was the one who brought me to this place a few times. I've been to the other locations around town, but this one is huge compared to the other ones. The positive: I love the way this place is set up. The decor is awesome and the sushi is quite unique (and in a good way). My favorite has to be the banana roll. The fish is placed upon fried banana slices. At first I was a little skeptical, but after taking the first bite I was hooked. Christine always orders the Mandingo. Without getting too graphic the roll is shaped like a certain body part of a man, complete with boys lol. Ain't gonna lie, it's an awesome roll, but fellas make sure you have a girl order for you. Unfortunately that's about as much as I can say about the positive aspect.The negative: at times they have events there and when they do they blast music like it's a damn club. It's really hard to enjoy your meal when you feel like you're in the middle of XS. On top of it, this place has had 4-5 different "grand opening." How many grand openings can one place have? The service is hit or miss at times, and I have had items never arrive to my table but they sure as heck showed up on my bill. Overall there are better places for sushi, but I probably be back again because they do offer naked sushi and that is something I would like to experience.
3	Second time I've eaten here in the last month......The staff is very friendly but it seemed like there was a problem with everything .....First the waitress forgot our drinks.....then she bought out the wrong appetizers....Our chef was very good...Food was good but a little pricey for what you get...We had a groupon which also was a problem because the waitress did not know how to take it off our bill...
3	This had all the trappings of a chain carefully designed to appeal to the after work get togethers.  Having said that, my sushi roll was perfectly acceptable and I enjoyed my first cocktail, though the second I tried was more about the over-sized, dry-ice-smoking, blue-concoction than any real attempt at taste or balance.The dessert offerings were down-right sad looking.
5	The weather was finally nice enough to eat outside on the patio.  The music was so loud that I had to ask our server to turn the music down.   We had another $40 Groupon for the 3 of us.We ordered 3 rolls of sushi and a salad.Vampire Roll ($11.95): Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Crab, Seared Albacore, Jalapenos with Garlic Ponzu sauce on the side.  I liked this roll and would order it again.Spider Roll ($10.95):  This is my favorite roll and we have ordered it every time.Salmon Skin Roll ($6.45):  I liked this roll so much that we ordered it again.  This time it was drowning in eel sauce.  Next time I would ask for the sauce on the side.Ahi Poke Salad:  This was my favorite salad and we have ordered it a couple of times.We will be back.
5	Great service, tried teppan and it was good! Fun and tasty drink option. Recommend to try ginger mojito
1	Terrible service, a new low for any restaurant I've been to in years. Low quality fish and ingredients created flavorless sushi. Not even close to being worth their prices. We will not be going back. Maybe the non-sushi items or the hibachi tables are better, but all we ordered was sushi.
5	Came here for my sister's birthday celebration and what a great experience! I had a big group and it was all our first time so we came here during happy hour to try out their selection. This location delivered phenomenal service! Every person was taken care of and dishes came out in a timely manner. I started with the white peach sake which could go through a couple rounds among 3 people. It was so delicious--I may have to order a whole bottle to myself next time! Items on the menu were fairly priced with great portions. I tried the lamb chop lollipops which wefe so tender and delicious. A few friends of mine tried the geisha special where they cooked the items in a grill right before your eyes. What a great variety with shrimp, chicken, lobster and filet mignon which were cooked tonperfection. After a few hours we decided to hang out by the bar and order drinks. The staff were very friendly and the managers were so attentive coming by to check up on our group. I honestly cannot wait to go back to the whole teppenyaki experience and naked sushi!
5	We went here for our Anniversary, we Yelp'd it and read the reviews. I think this place is awesome, it was nice to get out of the Casinos and Casino Restaurants. The good was awesome, prices were very reasonable and it was alot of fun, yes the music was a bit loud, but we were in a party mood and it all just worked. I recommend this place, Food, drinks and Staff were very good, this place is a must and we will come back
5	First time eating here and it was great!!! We did teppanyaki and had an amazing time. I had the chicken and it was cooked and flavored perfectly. I also had the lychee martini which was amazing!! The service was incredible. Our chef was amazing but I can't remember his name. :( Nina was amazing as well! She was always checking on us to see if we needed anything. Thank you for the excellent service. We will definitely be back soon! Thank you Geisha House!
5	My girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night for the Hibachi part of the restaurant. It has been probably close to 3 years since we've had hibachi style so we were super excited!Our first impression upon entering the restaurant was that it was really clean, and super modern looking. I kinda got the feeling of entering a nightclub/lounge but when we walked by the lounge area, the grills could all be seen along the one end of the restaurant. The grills themselves had a pretty cool view of the restaurant and the bar, kinda overlooking it. Also, there was a huuuuuge projection of the dodgers game being played.The food was great... We both got their geisha house special which included shrimp, lobster, chicken, and filet mignon steak. It also included soup, salad, fried rice, and a free drink or sake. The fried rice tasted a bit bland to me, but overall I was satisfied with everything.I think we plan on returning here whenever we're craving hibachi style Japanese food!
5	I decided to treat Soralala to dinner for her birthday but when we got to Geisha House around 10:30 we found out the dining room had just closed.. aww no probs because their bar/lounge/patio area is pretty nice.. actually their whole restaurant is very aesthetically pleasing! We chose to sit in a cute little love seat and were greeted by the pretty bartender, Marissa.. We were then told that after 10:30 only the Happy Hour menu is available.. another bummer but not a big deal because their HH has a handful of light bites and yummy dranks which is what we were looking to do anyways.The general manager, Christian, then came over to us and checked our IDs and realized it was Sora's birthday and convinced us to move to the bar and enjoy a round of shots on him ;]]] We tried a lot of yummy items:- Pork belly skewers: Sora really liked these! They come with 3-4 little pieces of pork belly accompanied by a couple pearl onions. They did not quite melt in your mouth but they packed good flavor.- Mixed tempura: Came with like 3 pieces of shrimp and 2 pieces of veggies. Was not oily and stayed crunchy.-Lamb Lollipops: Came with 2 pieces. I enjoyed these.. they were not overly gamey at all. However, Sora thought they were a bit over-cooked. -Something's Wrong Roll: I would have liked this one better if it was not deep-fried.- Salmon Carpaccio: SO SO SO SO GOOD! The salmon was so buttery and fresh. Plus it comes with pretty edible flowers that have a citrus taste to them. Best part is that dish is only $5 on their HH.-Lychee Martini: Marissa made this one so DELISH. Not overly sweet and the pretty edible flower finishes it off so well! -Ginger Sake Mojito: Excellent twist on the mojito! Lots of fresh mint leaves!-Geisha Blessing: beautiful green colored rum cocktail topped with thick whipped cream... meant to drink without a straw so that the flavors compliment each other.. sure to give you a cute creamstache lol-Cucumber cocktail: OMG to die. so refreshing!!! Definitely our fav of the night!-Bubble-wrap cocktail: Featured on the Las Vegas Weekly and Seven Magazine. Very creative cocktail.. Something in the ingredients causes the cocktail to start to bubble and resemble bubble-wrap. Fun drink, comes in a huge glass.. Tastes like creamy coconut milk~ -Shots: They have a full bar so we also had some Vegas Bomb Shots and Sora requested a special shot and they had no problem following her directions and whipping it out for us. This location just opened so it was pretty empty when we got there.. But Marissa and Christian were very friendly and kept us company. As you can see, by the time we left we were quite happy and satisfied. I can't wait to go back for another Happy Hour session and also to check out their main dining room! HOT TIP: Ask for the GM, Christian, to show you his flair bartending tricks... he's amazing! Also, they host many special themed events in their lounge where they have a DJ and hookah.. such as Latin nights and Naked Sushi... They even do comped bottles for groups of ladies ;]]]
5	We were at the Geisha House about two weeks ago when we were visiting Las Vegas and it was a great experience.  The food was great... We had their geisha house special which included shrimp, lobster, chicken, and filet mignon steak.  In addition, it also came with soup, salad, fried rice, and a free drink or sake.  Everything was delicious and the hibachi experience was great.  I had my nine-year-old son with me and he also loved the food.   I would definitely recommend you try this restaurant.
4	Service was wonderful! We did the teppanyaki. We had to wait 30 min which is ok but the rest of the restaurant was empty. They should really have more teppanyaki stations. The food was good. Not my 1st pick for teppanyaki but wouldn't mind going there again.
5	We had an exceptional time. Our chef at the Teppanyaki table was very entertaining and efficient.  Everyone at our table was delighted with their dinner.  The soup was very flavorful, the salad with ginger dressing was very nice, the smoking drink was something new, which we had fun with.  Very Entertaining, but Caution. Dry ice is so cold it will burn you. Do Not Touch It!The waitress happily brought us fresh ginger.  The all-inclusive price was very reasonable.  So happy to have such a nice restaurant open up in this neighborhood. We took our time and were not rushed at all. The manager who greeted us was very polite and welcoming. Great Experience!
4	Great food. Attentive service. My only complaint was the long wait for our chef to arrive to the table. We had my 2 YO daughter with us, and I was shocked she was as patient as she was. In their defense, it was a Friday night & we didn't have a reservation. I highly recommend someone in each party ordering the Geisha Special, especially if your party would like an appetizer & is open to drinking sake. My husband ordered it with the egg roll as his appetizer. The egg roll was a large enough appetizer for 3 people! It also came with a small hot sake. Great value!
4	Had an awesome meal here last night!  The food and service was fantastic.  Our chef, Dylan, had only been working there 2 weeks but he had some of the best tricks we'd ever seen.   The decor is also really pretty and interesting.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it was really pricey and also freezing cold.  It was a cold night but they should have cranked the heat more i had my jacket on for the first part of the meal.  Nonetheless I would highly recommend this place.  I haven't been to the other locations, but this one nailed it with the food.  Yum!
4	AMBIANCE: 5 - the area is really open and intimate! there are large booths, sushi bar, bar area w/ 2 sports screens, hibachi (which is really cheap--37 to 40 bucks), private area..this place is pretty big! and it looks like a cool, modern Asian club ;) SERVICE: 5 - the service was really great! there wasn't a huge amount of people so they catered to everyone really well! the manager was always walking around checking on everyone, and the servers are really prompt! FOOD: 4 - It was really good and fresh! the sliders I really liked and a lot of the sushi rolls! the love roll is my favorite, it doesn't have rice :) I've had better, but this was pretty good!I'll have to come back next time and try the hibachi! Local specific info: make reservations! buy the groupon! (if still available) try sake or a special cocktail!!
4	Come see Danny!! He was great! Funny and energetic! The food was amazing as always! The cocktails were delicious! The poor bartender was by himself and took him awhile to make drinks but well worth the wait! I love this place and the happy hour is great as well. Our new spot after working out at Ilovekickboxing! ;)
4	Went here Monday for my birthday and had a great time.  We made reservations for a hibachi table at this location but was told they didn't have it when we got there.  If not for that I would give 5 stars.  So we waited in the dinning area and ordered appetizers.  When the table was available we were moved over.  Our chef, Dylan, was so nice and funny.  He kept us entertained and the food he cooked was so good.  The chicken and steak were so moist and juicy.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  We had the landlover meal but next time I will get the seafood special even though I don't like lobster just to have more of those supple shrimp.  I will request Dylan of course.  He even made a little rice cake with a candle on it for me.  All of the staff I encountered were very friendly and the ambiance is really nice.
3	Beautifully decorated and spacious restaurant. Delicious drinks. Good sashimi.As for the teppanyaki, I thought it was a rather average experience. Essentially you're paying $20 for a plate of mediocre vegetable fry rice that some chef made in front of you. And what's up with the pink paste that they used to fry the rice with? It made everything pink and unpleasant looking. You're better off spending the money on something else here.If I ever come back here, it would be for the drinks and sushi only.
5	Absolutely love the atmosphere at the new geisha house location off flamingo. The food is exceptional and the service was impeccable. The servers were exceptionally polite and very attentive throughout our meal. The sushi was phenomenal and we loved the music. Will def be going back sometime soon. The place was packed and yet it didn't seem like any of the staff was overwhelmed. Great time.
4	Happened upon this place due to a deal on Groupon (which, turns out wasn't for this location, but the one on Ft. Apache, which, by the way, is no longer "Geisha House". We didn't find out the error until it was time to pay. We'd told the host upon arriving that we had a Groupon so either this location was running it's on Groupon deal or the host didn't understand what I was saying. Anyway...). The teppanyaki tables were taken so we  were seated in the dining area. The decor is stunning. Elegant yet hip. Comparable to any Strip restaurant. Dark and intimate, even though it's a large place. Our waitress was super nice and made some great recommendations.I started with a lychee martini. It was a little on the sweet side but good. I think it could have used a fresh lychee or two.We ordered the Japanese Hot Rocks for an appetizer. This is a cook-it-yourself dish and was quite tasty. The strip loin medallions are very thinly sliced. You dip them in the accompanying sesame sauce then throw them on the hot rocks and let them cook for a few seconds on each side. Nice, light start to a meal. We shared (as recommended by our waitress) the Geisha Special. The special came with soup and salad. The salad was fine, the soup was flavorful and good. We went with the egg rolls to start and they were delicious. Crunchy exterior wrapped around yummy goodness. The steak was perfectly cooked and the rice was colorful, sweet and savory. A ton of food but very good.For dessert, we ordered the green tea creme brulee with red bean ice cream. The custard was FANTASTIC! Its base was perfectly silky and generously infused with green tea. It wasn't too sweet so it balanced well with the crispy sugary top. The red bean ice cream was very creamy but I thought it was bland. I'm not familiar with red bean ice cream so I don't have much to compare it to. I know Japanese desserts tend not to be as sweet as their American counterparts so maybe this is what it's supposed to taste like. Either way, I thought the ice cream was bland. The dishes, from start to finish, were beautifully executed and presented. I've tried several teppanyaki places in Summerlin (Hoikaddo, Ohjah, the place that used to be Geisha House on Ft Apache and is now something else) and this is my favorite.
2	Walked in on a Friday night and waited for someone to decide to help us. Lots of staff just walked by till finally someone came and helped us. There were visably at least 5 or 6 available tables but still we were told a 30-45 minute wait? really? we went across the street and got a table right away. This place is pretty but that seems about it all it has to offer.
4	Great hibachi! Expensive, of course, but very good! I got steak and they give you a few shrimp, so that's straight. The sauces were delish; especially the whitish one (haha I wish I knew what was in it, it's awesome). They put on a show, the whole she-bang. It was a birthday dinner with a bunch of friends so good times. The salad could have been better, but all in all, it was alot of food and very tasty. :D
1	Really bad service, waited an hour for my food, water barely got refilled. I don't know why we had bad service while the restaurant is half empty. All entrees didn't get to the table at once and one order was messed up.
4	it's Valentines day and we decided to try something new. it's a really cute place. Kinda reminds me of Benehanas but BETTER quality in food. We had to sit in the grill area even tho I wanted to be seated at a table but it was a 45 minute wait. Good thing we got seated with fun cute couples. Our chef was delightful. The food was really good and flavorful. had a Blue sapphire cocktail which was so good. The couple next to me let me try their Green Apple Sake which was delicious! Over all a good experience. Only bad thing was we got there almost closing and towards the end they were practically pushing us out the door.
5	Overall great experience!! We made reservations for Valentine's day and it was great service no wait!! Food prices were perfect the sushi and the chefs at the grill were fun. Better then benihanas by far in pricing and interaction with the customers! Def a must go if your in town!
5	The sushi is always great here. I had the muchi-muchi roll tonight and it was awesome. I try to order a new roll every time but if this was all I could eat for the rest of my life I'd be a very happy woman.
3	decent food ot the best not the worst probably wont be back
5	Great food, fun and entertaining for the entire family. We love the decor and the service is excellent.
5	Spent the evening at Geisha House in Las Vegas with local friends who live in Vegas. The atmosphere was very cool. It was a sexy modern asian theme and very nice. We had leche martinis and they were awesome. We tried all the appetizers and every one was better than the next. We definitely visit there again when we return in the Fall.
5	Excellent food!!!! Dylan put on awesome show and was very friendly. I'll definitely come back to this location :)
5	This was our first visit to the Geisha House on Flamingo. We were joined at our table by a wonderful family who were visiting from California (one young lady was a Las Vegas local cousin). As luck would have it when the waitress asked if anyone was celebrating a special occasion Matt, one of the sons, said it was his birthday. An interesting coincidence as it was mine as well. This started a very pleasant evening. My wife and I ordered the Geisha special which is a ton of food. The tempura appetizers are lightly coated and very flavorful, a wonderful choice. The soup is very good while the salad is average. The combination of steak, chicken and lobster was a great way to enjoy a range of entrees. After dinner the staff surprised Matt and I with complimentary ice cream desserts with a birthday candle on top. The food was excellent but the service was even better. Our waitress was wonderful and Dillon our chef was personable and did an excellent job. It was a great time for a special occasion  and both parties felt exactly the same way.
5	Great Happy Hour!! Friendly staff and the food is always on point! Get here early though to get a good spot on the patio.
2	Not sure how the 4 star happened. 4/13 520pm sitting at the Sushi Bar. Seems everything sushi came with a lemon. Lemon kills the sushi flavor.  All the soy sauce bottles empty which is interesting because this place is over staffed. The HUGE LED TV looks strange not a true LED. Maybe if you use 4D glasses the picture will become super KUHL?  Hey where is the Wasabi? Sorry dude you only get a small green DOT. So I ask the Sushi Chef - Which SAKE would you get? I'm thinking this is going to be good.. He knows whats up! Sushi Chef says just get the house Sake its good. Aaaah no its not good. Well sad to say I will not return for the Hibachi treatment either... I approve this message J K KOOL...
4	Finally made it out to this place and I think I might have just found my Happy Hour most fave spot! The outside seating area is absolutely beautiful! Once the sun has gone down, they turn on the cool patio lights and it gives this place such an awesome, relax feel. We sat at the sushi bar and ordered a few rolls from their HH menu-all were delicious! Highly recommend the Crazy Horse Roll, total orgasm in your mouth! Tried the Strawberry Martini, which initially was too strong but our fabulous bartender, Ryan immediately fixed it up and made it chuggable ;)Service was great, establishment was clean fancy shmancy and prices were reasonable. What more can we ask for?Oh-don't forget to check-in on Yelp for your free Dessert! That too was amaze balls!!
5	How could one not want to sit and enjoy the company of your friends and family while a super talented and personable hibachi chef cooks you guys fresh made to order good merely a couple feet from your face
5	First time here and I have to say I enjoyed  everything it was soooo amazing!! I had about five of their tapas all very good, simbal wings full of flavor not too spicy, salmon carpaccio light fresh and delicious, lamb lollipops soooo unexplainably good. I don't know what more I can say everything blew my mind nothing close to what I was expecting!!!
3	Fantastic food (& I'm not a sushi lover!)  Great happy hour prices! Service could have been better,  had to bus our own table (bar tender trying to tend bar and wait tables)
4	Went to Geisha House tonight and had a great experience.  Our waiter, Barry, was super professional and very personable.  We ordered both sushi. (love the lasagna rolls) and the scallop special, chef made a special dessert for us!  Those  banana wontons were so delicious.  My only critique would have been to space the dishes a bit more since we were sharing everything.  We will return!
1	The worst customer service by management I ever experienced. After admitting that the staff  gave the wrong information pertaining to the usage of A Living Social certificate, the supervisor refused to redeem it for our meal. Food was definitely not worthy of anything but a coupon,
1	I have been dying to check out Geisha House for months because all of the rave reviews on Yelp! My expectations were somewhat higher than usual simply because of all the great reviews. Although, I had an absolutely horrible experience. The server didnt seem interested in waiting on our table. We waited a good 5-8 minutes before she greeted us. I did order some wine which I enjoyed but honestly that was the only good part of my meal. I decided to get sushi and my date ordered a meal. His meal came out within a reasonable amount of time, but we were not impressed. I ended up not getting half of my sushi. I told the server I would just go through a drive-thru and gave up after waiting for them to correct it. Our bill was $70 & I didnt even get my sushi rolls!
1	Wow. I guess we just had a really bad service  or the chefs simply sucked that night. We ordered Miso Soup for starters and that was the end of our service because the Miso Soup was sour and disgusting. SMH! Other than that the place is very beautiful and friendly staff. They apologize, however we will not be returning. First impression of taste of the food is everything, after all I go to Culinary School.
2	Quick Look: Average Sushi and Sub-Par Service. In Depth Review: Made the 20+ minute drive from the other side of the valley to try a "new" place on Thursday, May 15th.  We arrived at 7:30pm and were greeted by a lovely Geisha and seated at a nice table on the patio. Was surprised how empty the massive space was. The busiest part was the bar and patio area. It was a younger looking, "happy hour" type crowd. After being seated by a nice little waterfall feature we were handed multiple different sized menus w/o and explanation as to what they were all about. Was a bit confusing. We sat at that table for a few minutes w/o being greeted or being offered water or having our drink order taken. A male waiter shows up and asks if our waitress has stopped by the table yet, we say "no" and he say's he will take our drink order. After he departs with the order a female waitress shows up and asks if she can now take our drink order. Huh? We got a signature Ginger Mojito and a Sake Sangria (made with cucumbers). Drinks were delicious although my hand was sticky from the spillage on the outside of my glass. Asked the female waitress what "specials" they had that day and she could not answer me. Had to leave to check on the specials and come back and tell me. This is a big restaurant so it's not like this just took a minute, a few minutes would pass so she could walk all the way to the kitchen. So we place our order - (salmon sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, tuna sashimi, Japanese lasagna roll, spicy tuna roll and the special that included steak, scallops and tuna over a bed of lettuce in an "orgasm" sauce). I had initially attempted to order a few fish items listed on the menu and was told they were not available (example: amber-jack). Asked for at least three different items and was shot down. That's confusing, remove them if not available & place the specials somewhere the customer can see them. Food starts to arrive all at once, bad timing. I like my sushi restaurants to time the plates so that they are not all sitting in front of me. Tuna sashimi was "fishy" and my wife refused to eat it after the first bite. All the sashimi pieces lacked that fresh fish "snap" I find at the better sushi restaurants in the city. On a positive note they do give generous pieces of fish at a good price. The sushi rolls certainly looked nice when they arrived. The rice was hard and not the soft, sticky rice you will find at a fancy sushi house (Yellowtail, Nobu). The hard rice caused my nice looking sushi rolls to fall apart when I tried to pick them up with the chopsticks. Rice tasted like the low budget stuff you buy in bulk at a warehouse like Sam's Club. The special that day was steak, scallops and tuna over lettuce in an orgasm sauce. Was presented well, a huge portion but was given a plate full of the hard heel pieces of the lettuce that nobody eats & the steak was overcooked and tough like leather. The Japanese Lasagna roll was the tastiest item we had, certainly recommend that item. As we finished the items and pushed our dirty plates to the other side of the table, nobody came to remove the dirty plates. They just sat there, obviously empty, as multiple employees (and managers) walked by the table and never removed them. The removal of the dirty plates seemed to be an issue as our waitress went to get the check, took our credit card and cashed us out all while the dirty plates still sat on the table in front of us. I finally asked a busboy to remove them and let him know they had been sitting there 20+ minutes. He was going to walk by the table w/o removing them when I stopped him. He apologized & blamed the dish removal on the bar staff. Had other service related issues while we were dining, like: a runner showing up and dropping off a plate meant for our neighbors at another table, waitress forgetting to come and take our drink order when she said she would: "be right back," waiter grabbing drink order and forgetting to put the drink order in, two drinks showing up when it should have been just one - etc. Just seemed like they had a lot of service related issues. Got a very amateur vibe & the two of us were spun with all the errors & lack of service over site. Think some additional training is necessary and that goes for whomever is leading this confused group. Summary: was not worth the long drive and too be honest, we were a bit disappointed. The mediocre plates may have been over looked if the service was top-notch? Too much confusion going on here. Beautiful restaurant and space. Hopefully management & the owners take notice and bring this place up to par with the fine sushi establishments in the city. You have great potential w/ that location!
5	My boyfriend was in the doghouse for several weeks before getting the bright idea to take me out. This place is amazing. I love the decor and the ambiance. Our chef was Felix and he was awesome with us. We came on a week day so it wasn't packed. Sushi was great and the food was even better. The boyfriend was a little distracted because of the huge screen tv at the bar but what man isn't when the sports channel is on. I will be returning...
4	Great happy hour spot! Bar seating was pretty open, not too busy. Service was excellent. My friend and I ordered a few small plates to share and a couple of their unique signature cocktails. Their sake blend cocktails were so unique and so delish! Def recommend trying. Their small plates were decently priced, but very small portions. Almost unable to share. Ordered their garlic edamame and it had red chili spices. That was a surprise. Nice twist, if you can stand the heat. For me, it was far too much. I'll return, mainly for the cocktails and friendly service, but I'll make my food choices more wisely.
2	Food is decent. Service from most staff horrible. We went in at 8:30pm, on a weekday; only 4 tables were occupied. They told us "5 minutes"... Go figure! The whole place was empty. 15 minutes later, they still would not sit us down, I almost got up and left. The bartender would not let us carry our tab into the table; I had to settle that separately. LOW CLASS. Our waited was very nice and that is the only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of no stars. I will not go back.
2	The first time soon after they opened, NOT IMPRESSED AS THEY GAVE OUR SUSHI TO THE TABLE NEXT TO US BY ACCIDENT AND SAID IT WAS ON THE HOUSE TO THEM,  but THEY LEFT US STARVING WITH THE TAB WHEN THEY GOT IT CORRECT! THAT IS SOO WRONG!I vowed never to come here again and drive 15 minutes extra for decent sushi elsewhere.  After about 9 months later  a friend wanted to come for happy hour...it was decent sushi but SLOW!!! Almost intentionally slow. I am still not impressed, no matter how nice the servers are...
5	The Geisha House has the best Happy Hour in Las Vegas if u r a fan of sushi..... Ryan is the best bartender that a person can ask for.
5	First time here, great steak ! ! very quiet atmosphere , when we dine here
3	I went to the Geisha House and it was just ok. I had their Geisha House Special at the hibachi table. Some of the meal was good and the rest was  ok. Their shrimp tempura was good. Their they use A LOT OF GARLIC BUTTER. If you do not like garlic butter then this is not the place for you. Our cook used sooooo much garlic butter that I started asking "why so much of this". It was out of control with the garlic butter, my guest and I had major garlic breath. I will go back for the Shrimp Tempura Only!!!!
4	I had the sushi bar here on Saturday June 28, 2014. I love it very fresh and tasty. It was 8:30 so no one else at the Sushi Bar. Lots of others having hibachi which I did not want to do. They also an FMA event starting at 10:00 PM to 3:00AM it is a great party with a DJ who keeps the dance floor PACKED. If you are looking for a good time it a place to go. I am going to review that separately.
3	Came here for the first time with my family, we wanted to try something different so we decided on this place.ATMOSPHERE: We came in right when dinner service was about to start, so the place was basically empty.  The decor was really nice and the bar had a HUGE tv set up behind which was cool.  I'll probably have to check this place out once it's later at night to see it's full potential.  It's cool because there are teppanyaki grills, a nice bar, high tables and regular booths so there are options for big or small groups. FOOD: The food itself had it's highs and lows.  My family and I went with the teppanyaki grill and we ordered from that menu.  I myself ordered New York Strip steak with the rest of the other food.  The steak itself was good, cooked to medium, the vegetables cooked on the grill were good.  The ONLY thing I question is the use of the "pink sauce."  Our chef Kevin even said it's something that not all people enjoy and I wasn't one of them.  It's some sort of seasoning combination that really didn't add much to the food.  He put it on everything basically but I'm sure that he has to as part of the job.  Would much rather prefer actual spices on the food.SERVICE: Service was decent at best, but our chef Kevin was the one that stood out.  He was really cool, personable and joking with us while he was cooking.  Pretty young start-up in the teppanyaki game, but I hope he does well and makes his way up to the higher standards of teppanyaki restaurants like those on the Strip.  He made the whole experience worth it.
5	As soon as we came in we loved the place! The staff was very friendly and sat us right away. (It was a Monday night). We ordered the Geisha special which comes with lobster, chicken and fillet mignon with an appetizer and wine or sake and we shared it. Awesome portions and the food was delicious!! We will be back regularly!
5	So. Delicious. We are from out of town and were staying up the road. Decided to give it a try and were we sooooo NOT disappointed. This was some of the best sushi I have ever had. Thanks Ryan (manager maybe owner) your service was top notch.
4	Ok, so, this is a bar review, as I have had very little experience with the food (not much is vegetarian; the vegetable tempura udon is great, but I cannot speak to any other dishes). If you happen into the bar when, look for a guy named Dante, and ask him to make you a drink - you won't be disappointed. He has made me dozens of unique creations, every one absolutely delicious and just the right booze-to-other ratio. That alone has been worth the 4 stars, without question.
1	I went to Geisha House last night with my boyfriend's family, and it was by far one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. Walking in, the place looks absolutely gorgeous; however don't let that fool you. Customer Service is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.Reservations were made for 6:30 with the Teppanyaki Grill for my boyfriend's stepsister's birthday. 6 of the 8 people had arrived before the reservation, and my boyfriend and I were a few minutes late because we got off on the wrong exit. We got a text saying that they're all waiting because they could not be seated unless the entire party was there. I'm under the impression that a reservation means that an entire table is is RESERVED ahead of time, for a specific party, and will be prepped for the the party prior to arriving. Therefore, people can be seated at a table that is RESERVED though some may arrive a few minutes late, much like how if a friend is late for dinner, you are seated anyways and can wait for them. After arriving, we were not seated until 7 pm for our "reservation".After being seated at the grill, 15 minutes went by where not a single server asked us if we wanted any drinks. The table next to us (only a few feet away) had a large party, and received attention from over 3 servers. While servers are walking back and forth around our table, we were glanced at, and others tried their hardest to avoid eye contact. After being purposely neglected, I walked up to the drink station used by the staff and asked two servers if I could place an order for drinks because we still haven't been helped yet. They asked where I was seated, and I pointed at the largest table closest to them that is in plain view their POV. The two servers ran off to find someone else, though they were in charge of bringing drinks to customers. Another member of our party went to go find the manager because at this point, everything is becoming ridiculous. It is now nearly an hour past our reservation, and we still haven't received any drinks, nonetheless food. Though it was a Saturday night, the restaurant was empty, and there were plenty of staff that could accommodate us. Finally, a server from the next table came to us to ask what was wrong. We said we were actively being ignored because the table next to us was receiving plenty of attention whereas ours was not. She apologized and asked what we wanted for our drinks, but the birthday girl decided that she wanted to go to the Teppanyaki grill down the street instead because if we had to wait over what is now 20 minutes for drinks, the food is going to take much longer. We all left, and found the birthday girl's father still talking to the manager. The manager barely even apologized, and seriously seemed like he didn't understand what the problem was. We went down the street and spent money at Sushi Tower instead. They were amazing.
5	My first time and first experienced at Geisha House was Awesom!!! I very like the looks inside the place. It was only first time that I allowed "me" to try any raw meat beside the Oyters. i found myself sitting and had the first bit of the fish without gagging! lol (I'm really bad on that) the fishes all very fresh and delicious! I really enjoyed my sushi and my Ginger Sake drinks:) I was sat at the bar and I'm not sure if I remember my server but I think it was Ryan, he was really cool! I am planing on get all my whole gang together and we'll slam the Geisha House very soon!Ps. The location! It's very easy to fine.
1	Terrible service. I understand that it was the opening of the restaurant. But you have to be kidding me. Waited hour for a Service and nothing. Such a shame. At least the drinks were good. Bartenders were amazing. The waitresses need some more training. Never again.
4	Pretty good for night out with girls. Saturday night it turns into a club with no cover charge. I didn't like my lychee martini but I traded with my friend for the ginger cocktail. Yellowtail roll, and Geisha roll were goid. Would have liked a cheaper bento option for dinner
5	Excellent sushi and teppanyaki in a cool nightlife atmosphere.
3	I'd like to preface by saying I'd give the sushi 5 stars and the hibachi 2. We came here with two other couples for my husband's birthday on a Saturday evening, 5 o'clock. There wasn't a wait for a table, but we spent 25 minutes in between ordering and when the chef came to our table. I'm pretty sure the chef we had was newer to the game, he dropped untensils on the floor, threw an oil-covered egg at our pregnant friend and threw rice all over the place while cooking. My scallops were crazy over-cooked and rubbery, to the point where I didn't eat them, and the rice was meh. The strangest thing is that he put this 'special sauce' on everything. The 'special sauce' was in a bowl, it was a fuchsia pasty substance that looked like bubble-gum flavored butter. It smelled of garlic, but he wouldn't tell us what was in it. This stuff went on E V E R Y T H I N G. It turned the fried rice pink, as well as my scallops, the shrimp, lobster, filet Mignon, strip steak and chicken. He even doused the tofu with it. I'm not a fan of fuchsia-colored, overcooked scallops.The sushi was phenomenal. I got the dragon roll which was a California roll topped with eel and avocado and dressed with eel sauce. Holy yum. I didn't want to stop eating it. So fresh, absolutely delicious. We'll be back for sushi, but will stick to Ohjah for hibachi. - oh! They also added an 18% gratuity.
2	Not a big sushi fan but at 10pm this turns into a club. Music wasn't great to me. I thinks it just a big fashion show for young people. Didn't stay long
5	Excellent service and fabulous food!
5	Awesome happy hour! I loved the decor and ambiance of the place, very japanesey, and in the bar area are couches to lounge on! I loved everything we ordered, from the ginger sake to the goblet of bubble wrap, all the sushi, but the rice cake was just too much with the rice! Will be back again!
2	I would not come back here.  Server was not attentive.  Walked away while I was asking her a question.  Didn't understand or pay attention to certain requests.  They charge $12 to share a plate.  The prices are too high and the quality is not great.  I can name several teppanyaki restaurants in town that I would choose over this.  It's too bad because the space is actually nice. The flavors were not there.  Nothing I would want to come back for.  The owner looked unhappy or upset while she lurked outside of the private room... Staring us down waiting for us to leave.  She rudely walked in to tell the chef to hurry up and clean.  We all heard her and saw her demeanor.  It was a large party... We spent a significant amount of money.  The only stars that I'm giving are for the chef who was atleast very nice, entertaining, and fun.
5	Food was great as usual. The show was entertaining as it should be. The had a blast and I got drunk off of a martini and 2 shots of patron cause they hooked each shot up in huge cups. Probably equaled 4 or more shots easily. Needless to say, I was too drunk to eat my yummy food. Came back to our hotel and passed out while hubby and the kids played in the hot tub of our suite. Woke up the next morning, excited to chow down on my leftovers... but the knuckle heads eat it all. Till we meet again Geisha House... Yum!
5	Felix is the man on the hibachi grill. And devin was awesome as well. Cant wait to come back.
2	I used to love this place but the last time we went, it was horrible.  We made reservations for teppanyaki and they seated us 15 minutes late, our drinks took 20 minutes to get out from the bar, and it was almost an hour after our original reservation that our chef finally made it to the table. The oddest part was that the restaurant was dead and they had no excuse for such poor time management.They were out of cold sake, and then a server shark offered our group of girls sake bombs (acting like they would be comped) but then charged us on our bill.  The most annoying part was that out party had already ordered hot sake and beer for our table? The food was 3/5.  The chef asked us of he wanted our chicken cooked well-done? The fried rice is always great but the rest of the meal was sub par.I don't plan on returning.
2	Came here for their Livingsocial special - a 4 course dinner for two that was $60 and included a wine, shared appetizer, two salads, a shared Rib Eye steak with kimchi Brussels sprouts & side and a shared dessert. Portion sizes are small and there is an excess of sauces and plate decorations. For 7:30 PM a Saturday, the restaurant was mostly empty, but that didn't stop the restaurant from making us wait 20 minutes past our reservation before seating us. Decor is overly hip and trendy. Wait staff was excellent and spaced the food at good intervals and kept water glassed filled and plates cleared. Overall, the dinner wasn't worth the reduced price from Livingsocial and would not have been worth the full price.
5	Gr8 Japanese restaurant.  5 star service and food.  Fresh sushi, gourmet hibachi meats and fantastic table service w/nice presentations of meal courses.  Ambience and spaciousness make this an ideal place to dine and relax w/friends, family or business colleagues.  Portions are generous and specials are good deals.
5	We come here often great cooks and servers. Drinks are tasty, and they just added a salsa night, what! Nice place
3	The food is pretty good, but honestly... These folks need to get their act together. Came in here once and they said happy hour was only in restaurant, then hostess argued with the bartender and said happy hour was at the bar. My party of 7 got frustrated and left. I gave it another chance. Manager said happy hour okay at sushi bar. Server charged us full price. I complained and then he said nobody told him. Is that my fault? This establishment needs to have a better pre shift before they open. They should just have happy hour throughout the restaurant. I spent a hundred bucks and left still pretty hungry. The drinks were pretty good, though.
3	Geisha House
5	Geisha house has very great food! I love the selections they have on the menu. One thing I loved the most were the girls that dressed up at geishas in the front!
5	My friends and I had a WONDERFUL experience at Giesha House last night. I normally do not write reviews, but this place is difference. It's highly recommended!!1) Once you entered, the two receptionists at the front wear cute kimono and lovely smile. They treat you like a family and deeply welcome you to Giesha House. Trust me, you can feel how much they appreciate your arrival. 2) The manager came and greet us. She was so sweet and said that she have a surprise for us. It was a dessert that comes with 6 mochi ice cream (three different flavors). She brought it to our table herself. It really made our night. 3) The restaurant environment was very fancy and unique. 4) I love their everyday happy hour deal as well. 5) Foods were amazing and at a very reasonable price. There were 6 of us, and we ordered so much sushi rolls, sashimi, stuffed mushrooms (my favorite!), edamame (it was served hot, so good!), and three different desserts. You MUST try the honey toast. It's the best one I have tried so far! The check per person was only $24. I will go back again for sure! There are so much more to try on their menu.
5	My friends and I came here after work one day to check it out, and the experience was fantastic! We were greeted and seated by very friendly staff who welcomed us with smiles. Our server, Devi, gave us the idea to get started with some sake bombs, and she was right! The sake was delicious and really loosened us up for the meal. She  was very attentive to us and made sure that we had all of our needs met during our entire meal. Everything that we tried, as prepared by out chef Felix on the hibachi, was delicious! The entire experience was made exceptional by the wonderful service the staff gave us. I will definitely be coming back!
3	This Sushi restaurant is absolutely beautiful! Located where the old Sapporo used to be on Flamingo and 215 you figured this place would be packed. Sadly when we dined here last night there may have been a total of 10 tables occupied. Andy and i sat at the bar and the bartender Rob was very sweet and helpful. We ordered a few drinks and a few items off their happy hour menu. The Spicy Salmon Roll was alright, not bad not good. But the Traffic Light Roll was great! We also had an order of the baked mussels, and unfortunately on two occasions there was a piece of black hair in the mussel. even after sending it back and receiving a new one. eh. all in all we probably wont be back but im glad we tried out the place. I MISS SAPPORO!!
5	I have eaten her twice. I have been absolutely Pleased both times. Beautiful atmosphere. Staff is very accommodating. Food was delicious at a fair price. We even got free Sake Bombs from our Hostess, since we were a little lost on the way there... An amazing Experience for my little sisters 19th Birthday! I will definitely return!!DEVI was an awesome waitress.. Super Sweet Lady!!Love the Staff!!! You guys are all GREAT.
4	Business mixer was the event that drew me into the Geisha House. Atmosphere,  decor and fantastic service was the first impression and the impression was a great one. The appetizers I sampled were delicious. The spring rolls and sushi rolls were spot on perfect. Vibrant flavors, visually appealing and so fresh. Definitely a crowd pleasing menu.  Looking forward to coming back for a proper dinner soon.
4	Happy hour only. There were plenty of choices and for the price it was well worth it. I ended up with the lychee martini and it was almost like old times when it was Sapporos! It was dead for a Friday for happy hour but the restaurant side was packed!Service was a bit slow but I figured that it was just because the restaurant side was busy which was keeping the bartenders busy. Overall the food was decent and I left full and not feeling broke. I like that the happy hour is longer that 2 hours. I think it's from 4-9? Everyday. It is well worth the luc here martini, the couple of rolls that I shared and the mussels. I definitely would come back if I had to pick a place for happy hour again.
4	We went here after a language class and we were all in the mood for fun. There was a sake tasting event going on (we caught the tail end of that but hey, free sake!) and the place was pretty busy. Ambiance is nice, the layout is logical with a big bar and separate section for dining and hibachi. The manager there was happy to see our group and sent over a bottle of sake to enjoy. Was awesome!I had eaten a rather large lunch so I wasn't hungry when I got there but after a few sakes I was ready for some tapas.  They didn't disappoint! Price was reasonable and the quality was good. Not crazy good but very good. I ordered stuffed mushrooms, the yakitori, the pork belly skewers, and the egg rolls. All very well done and tasty! Each only about $7 (regular price menu) because we had missed the happy hour. (Happy hour is from 4PM-9PM)I will definitely go back another time and try to catch the happy hour. :)
5	I really like this place. I've been here twice. The first time I went was in February 2014 for my birthday. We had hibachi and our cook was very nice and funny. Everyone we encountered was pleasant.Last night I went for the sake tasting. Albeit unorganized, I really enjoyed the event. One of my favorite sakes was the Tyku coconut.The pourers we encountered at the first part of the event were all very friendly. After that the crowd really thinned out and we were wondering where everyone went when we saw some people walking into a room. We asked some people and they confirmed that it was the VIP area. When we went in we saw that there was already a round of food that we missed. Over the course of the event I only got a few small food items. I don't think they accounted for how many people would sign up for VIP.Also, (and this wasn't a big deal as I had had a substantial amount of sake before this point) they ran out of sake at approximately 915pm (45 minutes before the event was supposed to end. The food stopped coming out at approximately 9pm (an hour before the event was supposed to end).Overall, we definitely got our money's worth, but I wish there had been more food. The two people that were pouring in the VIP event were also very friendly. The male person (I'm not sure what his name was, but he seemed like the manager) was also very knowledgable about sake.
1	Blah.
1	AWFUL!!!  Too bad you can't post without a star.  However, please consider going here if you:1.  Want it to take 40 minutes to get your food. 2.  Don't care that when you look around the restaurant and see 10 other people, and management uses the excuse of "they're busy" as to why your food took so long. 3.  Don't care that they tell you there is a big VIP party behind the wall and that's why your food was late. 4.  Love being told by incompetent management that the kitchen is slow because of a VIP party, behind the wall. (You should NEVER give another paying customer that excuse. It's not MY problem. I don't want to know of any problems when I've decided to come to your restaurant as a paying customer. Run a tight ship!  I don't want to hear it!)5.  Want to feel privileged that they are going to take a whole whopping $8 off our meal because it took sooooo long. 6.  Want a free dessert offered by same incompetent manager, as a courtesy for taking sooooo long. This AFTER she was told TWICE we can't do dessert, because the kids have to go to bed. 7.  Love having a wait staff that doesn't understand the importance of getting kids in and out. The list could go on, but my husband and I were appalled. To note, our sushi was "stringy" and the edamame was WAY over cooked. The Filet we ordered was for our 2 kids, which the waiter knew. No sense of urgency just TONS of idiotic excuses.  But hey, we got $8 off!  We will not go back!  WAY TOO MANY OTHER GREAT CHOICES FOR SUSHI IN LAS VEGAS!!!!Sushi Fever...here we come!!!
1	No star review here--horrible experience.  We had to wait an hour despite having a reservation.   Drink orders had to be requested, one soda took two hours to receive and water was never filled.   One chef had to share two tables because there was not a table large enough to accommodate our party of ten (no mention of this at our reservation.)  Scallops were raw,  salad was swimming in dressing or it may have been soup.   Appetizers never came and the Geisha specials did were missing lobster.   And a mystery punk sauce was used on all the meals,  the chef wouldn't advise what was in it but it liked like the meat filter stuff you hear mc Donalds uses.   "Manager" (not sure how this person qualified as a manager as he was a large part of the service issues) offered a15% discount for our troubles.   This was the worst birthday dining experience ever... worst dining experience ever.
5	My girlfriend and I came here on a Groupon.  We had heard about it and knew it was a little on the more expensive side.  When they Groupon came, we jumped right on it.  When we got there we were created by a pleasant Asian women who we told we had a Groupon.  She took us back and sat us right on the grill.  That was really cool to be right there next to the chef!After a few minutes, she said you know what you can't sit here and eat the grill on the Groupon.   That was disappointing, but she took us over to a nice candle-lit couch which made up for it.  It was romantic.  She must've thought we were lesbians!  Are there lesbos in Korea?  The food was AMAZING.  The best, by far,.... That is the number one reason for the reason why I will be back.  Next time, I'll bring my boyfriend.
5	This place is a little hole in the wall!!! But it rocks!! Service just caught me off guard with their world class customer service!! So good it can get annoying!! First time sake bombed!! Over all amazing experience!!
1	The food is good but the service is terrible.  1st experience was opening night which is excusable although it took the server 30 mins to even ask if we wanted something to drink. So hey we thought we would give it another shot almost a year later. Nothing has changed. our server abandoned us mid way through our meal near the bar (seated on the patio) without any warning. He went back behind the bar and proceeded to help the customers while leaving us . We had to constantly flag down other staff and eventually had to walk up to the bar multiple times to get the attention of other staff. They brought us another tables food then proceeded to take 25 mins per check back on the table. We were there nearly 2 hours and finally frustrated left still  hungry. Bottom line : terrible service which is inexcusable in las vegasWhen I paid for my meal I went up to the bar to get my check because I waited 25 mins for a check the original server actually came up to me and asked if I needed help. I responded that we could have used your help earlier since you were our original server. He didnt respond but (probably caught off guard) instead turned his back on me and walked away, I found this extremely rude.
4	This place has a lot going on, large bar area, outdoor patio, Tepanyaki, sushi bar, beautiful decor & a very good happy hour! The building itself is huge & they have used the large space wisely.On my first visit it was fairly empty & we started our happy hour early on & on my second visit it was prime time on a Fri evening and the entire place was packed. Two very different experiences based on day & time of our visits. The first visit was flawless, the food was great & service was impeccable. On my second visit it was a bit of a nightmare. Disorganized waitress, long waiting time for sushi, had to ask for water 3 times before I got it, one of our rolls never made its way to our table, and overall it was a chaotic experience. The food was still very delicious & it was obvious our waitress was overwhelmed. Based on both of my experiences I didn't want to focus on the negatives of the last visit and leave them a crappy review. I hope next time goes smoother because I really enjoy the space & food here.
2	At first, it's hard to say why Geisha House is empty at dinner time during happy hour. It's a beautiful interior but then you'll say to yourself "you know, it must be the location." Nobody would blame you. Everything in this center is dead with the exception of LVAC. Order some food, though, and you'll realize there is another reason it's empty: the food is beautiful yet deeply unsatisfying. The spicy salmon roll wasn't spicy, and was a little skimpy on the fish. The "traffic light" roll was missing raw fish altogether. I want to say a whole 4 thin slices were present. The tonkotsu ramen was hilariously light and unramen-like - no rich and fatty broth coupled with a nice cut of pork. Just tired, thin pork with a watery flavorless broth holding a fully cooked egg. Oh and 10lbs of noodles (I'm exaggerating).Here's something weird: no sushi menu!You see, there could be something to this emptiness. Which reminds me - they ran a few "naked sushi" events years ago. I remember them also being underwhelming. Essentially a buffet of bar food and basic rolls. Totally pointless. Take your time and money elsewhere. If they put as much effort into their food as they did their staffing and presentation, this would be 5 stars
2	Rating this based on our server that was completely rude to us. Chef was on the other hand, friendly and Attentive. Sucks we had to experience this type of service here...
3	This was our first time here. The bartendar, Robert did a very good job. He checked on us frequently and made sure our food was as we ordered and our drinks were not empty.  The ambience was definitely geared toward the football crowd which did cost them a star but I will be back.
4	I went to the Geisha House with my wife for a drink (or two) and was impressed with the drinks and the bartender Robert! Excellent service, at an affordable price. I am definitely going back.
3	My waiter handed me off to another waiter. Both waiter rushed me into ordering. I ordered Double D sushi it was good. My gyoza came with a sauce that tasted like tomato soup/ketchup. I probably won't return. The bad out weighed the good.
4	Atmosphere is Top Notch Beautiful! Sushi Rolls and Food is one of the best and freshest in town! The only down side was a select few waiters/ waitresses did not have the time of day for us after our orders were taken.. Plus its awkward when another waiter has to check up on your table.. If your not at the Bar or Hibachi I would go somewhere. Great Food Overall.
5	The happy hour menu is outstanding. Great service as usual. The bar staff gets to know your wants and needs the more you go. The spicy calamari-Excellent. Sushi Trio-Just right.  Sake Sangria-Yummy! Complimentary Mochi-Perfect!
5	Food is excellent here. I can't speak for their sushi, but the teppanyaki grill is always outstanding. Quality of food is always the same, no matter what chef you get. Drinks can be a little slow at times, but the food and performance from the chefs make up for that. The portions are large, so you never leave hungry. Overall, a very excellent dining experience. Favorites: NY steak, shrimp, & fried rice.
5	So we went into the geisha house for the first time on our day night and used a group on. I didn't have my id and couldn't sit at the bar and thought I wasn't going to be able to use my groupon for the happy hour but the manager came over and said that we could sit-in the main dining room area as long as I wasn't trying to drink any alcoholic drinks. Sounds fair to me . This place is really nice, romantic ambiance. The sushi was delicious and fresh and the service was premium. Sometimes when we use group ones people treat me weird but they treated us with respect and kindness and for that we will be back again, even without the group on ! :)
3	Happy hour prices PLUS a Groupon discount? I'm there!Swanky interior, friendly service, and a diverse menu: hibachi and sushi items available, in addition to tapas. This place almost has too much going on. Even the layout has patio, bar and lounge seating, plus gigantic booths, hibachi grill table seating, the sushi bar, and a pit of "regular" tables too.Ordered exclusively from the HH menu: spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls were surprisingly large, yellowtail carpaccio was a small portion of thin-cut fish with nearly no flavor whatsoever- overpriced even with the discount, baked mussels were tasty, but the wagyu sliders and stuffed mushrooms were the stars. Considering their marketing, I'm not sure it's surprising that their most Americanized options were the ones that actually seemed to have more effort put into them but YMMV.Did not have the lackluster service others have mentioned- our server was polite and despite having the entire bar area to herself, she was mostly attentive. Would suggest the hostess ask patrons upon entering if they are there for HH, as the pricing is only available in certain seating areas and it was awkard to have to move- other reviews have mentioned this as well.
4	Enjoyed the ginger sake mojito with candied ginger garnish. Only $6 at happy hour. Our kids have been to several habachi grills but this was the best show-- the chef had a lot of silly props and jokes. When he chopped the egg we took turns catching i with no hands. Loved the sushi with spicy salmon too.  I wish happy hour specials applied in the restaurant too since our kids couldn't come in the bar. If you  order geisha beer on tap be prepared for the worlds lightest beer.
2	Service was decent, but unfortunately food was very bland.  Chicken was very dry and I was not impressed with their rice.  However, their sweet ginger sauce was very good.  Their dragon roll was also very enjoyable.  Lobster was too chewy. Our chef was a really nice guy. Very considerate. Overall, I giving it 2 stars because for the price of the main dish, food was not up to par for me.
5	Sooo this is my first time here and i would say this is my new favorite place to go for happy hour! Food was delicious and service was excellent. I would definitely go back!
4	We were having dinner with friends at Geisha house. Beautiful interior, nice service. Food was very good. We had shrimp dinner and New York style steak. Also we tried some of their sushi, but I was  not so impressed. Our chief was a nice and funny guy. We really enjoyed our evening.
5	We had dinner here last night and everything was amazing. We started out at the bar and I tried the Sake Sangria that was a great start and then we moved to the tapanyaki table I received the japanese lasagna appetizer which was very good too. Then James the Cook started his show and I mean we had a blast. He was funny and entertaining and cooking all sorts of food for the entire group at the table. We had a fabulous time. We cant wait to go back.
3	I really liked the interior of the restaurant, but the food I would say was not the best I have had. I had the tepanyaki menu (grill). I thought the portions were simply way too much for one person to finish. I could barely finish half of the rice, and I had a ton of leftover seafood and meat as well. Perhaps it might be a good idea for them to lower the price a little and adjust the portions to something more realistic. Since the portions are huge, the price isn't that friendly either. Don't get me wrong though, for how much they give you the price is good. However, it isn't that easy to order only 1 portion for 2 people for tepanyaki. The server was nice but a little awkward I felt like. For instance, we had beer and cocktail from the bar and we had to switched tables since we were getting tepanyaki. The server came to us to direct us to our tables. I thought she would either help us bring the drinks, or let us know that she will bring it for us later. Instead, we had to awkwardly carry the drinks ourselves (and we had 2 for each person) carefully across the restaurant. Only when we got to the new table did she recognize how carefully we were carrying the cups and asked us if we needed help. Overall, not a bad restaurant, but not a restaurant to be excited for really.
4	We had great service! The food was perfectly cooked, and presented. The ginger sake mojitos is a must!!!
4	I've been going to Geisha or 20+ years and it is always pretty good.  The new location on flamingo is a really nice restaurant, however the food isn't as good as the original one.  They do have a great happy hour and the non-teppanyaki food is pretty good.
3	Geisha is one of those teppanyaki joints like Musashi, but more on the swanky end. We decided to go tapas style.- Crispy rice cakes- Double D- Wagyu sliders- Salmon carpaccio- Mango mochiWagyu sliders were surprisingly well crafted and the french fries sprinkled with shichimi was addictive. This is one fusion item done right!Also the service was solid. Attentive and nice.
4	Second time coming in and everyone was once again very friendly. We liked our second visit more than the first time so definitely coming back soon! Hibachi is very fun and entertaining! Definitely worth the price and experience!
4	We love trying new sushi restaurants. Plus we got a great Groupon deal for this? Lets give this a try!Groupon was good for one order from the regular roll menu, one order from their three sections of special roll menu, and one full bottle of sake. The sake had a retail price of $25.00 and our Groupon was $29.00. Great deal.Lively atmosphere and service was good. We sat at the restaurant area but they also have a section for Tepanyaki. (Set-up was like Benihana style.) We ordered:-Shishito Peppers for my boyfriend.-Fried pork dumplings for myself. (6 pieces per order.)-Spicy Tuna Roll. (That's our staple sushi. We order a STR no matter where we're at.)-Double D. Inside: Shrimp Tempura, Crab, Cucumber. Outside: Spicy Salmon, Avocado, Screaming Orgasm Sauce. (Very very delicious and flavorful.)It's great they had a Groupon deal. Otherwise, I would've never known about this place. Also...be sure to check-in to this place with your Yelp App because you get a free order of mochi ice cream. We got the green tea flavored one and it came with two pieces. Well...one piece split in half. Perfect sized dessert to finish our dinner of the night!
1	Never in my life have I had a worse experience at a restaurant. First impressions show a well decorated swanky restaurant. The menu is small, although catered to hibachi, and the sushi menu leaves much to be desired. We had a party of nine sitting at the hibachi table, and while the chef was awesome and his personality made the experience a ton of fun, our actual server didn't even deserve her title. 90% of the time there were at least six empty drinks on the table. In a empty restaurant with MAYBE four other tables and plenty of servers, she had nothing but time on her hands to fill up our glasses. She didn't even have to actually bring out our food so what else would she possibly be occupied with that she neglected to give us proper service?I finally talked to a manager and asked for him to fill our glasses, and told him the problems we were having. Unbeknownst to me, our lovely waitress had dropped our check off kindly letting us know the gratuity was already included. Mind you, we were in no rush, and hadn't even been asked if we would like dessert (which we all did). Again I talked to the manager, with him apologizing the whole time. Our waitress brought out dessert menus with an attitude, again neglecting to fill up our empty glasses. Long story short, after three hours of dinner, my water and tea were left empty for most of the night even after asking multiple times. The manager was no help, and obviously didn't really care about the service his resultant was giving. I have never been more disappointed and will NEVER go back again. The food was bland and the service would've been better if blind/deaf children were running it.
2	If we hadn't recently gone to Hokkaido, perhaps I would have overlooked a number of things, however we had & it had been a great experience.  Firstly, we had to wear our coats thoughout the meal - our seating area was freezing!  When even the hibachi chef complained, he was told by management that it had something to do with the venting of the cooktop. It made for a very uncomfortable dinner. Secondly, I question the order of the meal. Soup, salad, then fried rice, then the veggies, then proteins?  All separate so the rice was cold before the veggies even hit our plate. The portions were adequate but our chef kept moving food to the trash area of the grill. No one asked if we wanted dessert and no oranges or other sweets were offered. With other similar restaurants nearby, it's hard to recommend Geisha House.
5	One of the best teppanyaki places I have ever been to! The environment is amazing and same with their deals (half off wine Wednesday, half off sake Sunday's)-the chef Will was incredible, he made the environment very comfortable, kept professionalism, and kept everyone happy!-honestly one of the greatest date experiences I have ever been to! I recommend the shrimp, the lobster, and the honey toast for your experience! All was amazing :) thank you Geisha house! I will be back!
5	I've been trying out a lot of different spots, absolutely loved the sushi and apps here! Fresh delicious and clean!!!
