4	I usually go here to get my eyebrows threaded (who ever says it doesn't hurt is lying, BUT "beauty is pain" and its worth it!)  I have been a few places in town, but this one is my favorite b/c the girls are good, its cute, and conveniently located.  They are steadily busy, but I have never had to wait more than a few mins so thats another plus.
4	This place is pretty cool. Usually  the best most authentic threading salons are usually nothing to look at it, but this place cranks it up a few notches. Very cute hip look for a threading salon gives you a spa atmosphere. The services offered are priced a little more than what I 'm used to paying, but I've been here 3 times already with 3 different threaders and had a great experience each time, perfect eyebrow shaping plus your in and out in about 10 minutes. I recommend this place, worth checking out if your into threading.
4	I used to be really scared to get my brows threaded; I used to just get them shaped.  But now I TOO can say I can withstand the "pain" of threading -- it actually isn't so bad after a few times, but I definitely had tears in my eyes the first time...Ok, I cried.  A little.  But I had these beautiful perfectly shaped eyebrows to show for it afterwards.  =)And each time after that it got easier.  Plus, they are really quick and efficient.  They also offered me some water and chocolates after, which was a nice touch.They have a nice little setup while you wait and the location is A+ in my book!  Right next to an Ulta store! So, kudos to you, Diva Beauty!
5	This place is absolutely amazing!  I have gotten my eyebrows threaded here several times while vacationing in Vegas and I have to say that as threading goes (which is already far superior to waxing - cleaner more perfect brows, no redness, and far less painful!) this place is as good as it gets!  The ambiance is amazing - clean, sleek and modern yet very zen, the staff is friendly (I've had a few different threaders and they are all highly skilled and amazing), and the prices are low.  Definitely waiting until my next trip to Vegas to get my eyebrows threaded again!
4	I've gone twice,  they do a good job shaping my brows, it only hurts a tiny bit. It's a really fast process and pretty inexpensive. I think it was like 7 bucks for brows, but they can do other areas of the face as well, upper lip side burns whatever. They can do mens faces too. Convenient location next to Ulta.
2	In all honesty i've been searching and SEARCHING and SEARCHing for the perfect place that does eyebrows around Vegas & i'll tell you one thing, Diva Beauty is not the place to go. I've gone to this one, the one in meadows mall. I'm not so much IN LOVE with my eyebrows after they finish like i want to be. Yeah the place is cute, but that doesnt make up for anything. Too overpriced for such a mediocre service and i'm always iffy about going back. Definitely wouldnt recommend.
4	Thanks to Angela H, I have also find a place to do my brows.  I'm ashamed to say how long it's been since I've had my brows professionally shaped, but I am relieved that I now have a place for someone to clean up them up!Though it was my first time having my eyebrows threaded, it was a great experience.Bonus Points for Diva Beauty:1.  Friendly and efficient receptionist2.  Hip and clean decor with free water3.  Efficient eyebrow ladies!  I had no idea what her name was because she just got right down to biz-naz!  I was definitely apprehensive of the final product because it sure felt like she was taking off a lot of hair, but the end product was very clean and shapely eyebrows.Conclusion:  Go to Diva Beauty for your hairy needs.  =)
5	These guys are GREAT...in and out, very friendly, and they are GREAT at their craft.  I'd gone to them the first time I got threaded and then tried another place because they were running a special (and I'm a sucker for a sale).  The other place was more "organic" or "authentic", but the woman who did them actually hurt more and was very rude...she kept going on about how long my eyebrows were, and after I'd explained three times that I was working 60 hours a week and got behind on it, I eventually had to tell her "more thready, less talky".The next time I went back to Diva Beauty and they were so, so nice about my eyebrows (which again, were very much in need of a fix), and they actually hurt a LOT less than the other place I went to.  Oh, and the water and chocolates...what a GREAT gesture!
4	If you have ever ventured to another threading salon in this city you can truly appreciate what this place has to offer. The salon is stylish, clean and full of comfy furniture. I would recommend making an appt if you're planning to go on the weekend becuase it gets packed quick. The threading technique is fairly new to me but I ike it so much better than waxing. I've been getting threaded for the past year or so. I've never had a bad experience here. I usually have my eyebrows done and occasionally my upper lip. They give out chocolates and bottled water!!!
4	Originally coming from the location on Eastern and in Henderson, I didn't realize there was a Diva Beauty on my side of town that I lived on until I happened to randomly stumble upon it in the area one day. The Diva Beauty salons get a lot of rep for having a hipster like atmosphere, with a clean decor and professional threaders, not to mention friendly service. The threaders here are just as accurate as the threaders found at the Eastern location, and for first time threaders (since my friend with me that day wanted to try it for the first time), they are friendly and open to any questions or fears you may have about getting your eyebrows threaded for the first time. I've found this location is just as equal in their services than the one that's in Hendo, so whether you're on the west or in Henderson, Diva Beauty is your first stop to go for great service with threading!
4	I really want to decrease my rating to 3 stars for the really sassy receptionist, but alas, my eyebrows come out really nicely shaped every time no matter which stylist.  Maybe I am really sensitive to a person's tone of voice, but every time I check in with the receptionist, she has this attitude as if I am inconveniencing her.  =(Conclusion:  Don't expect friendly reception but do expect your brows to be polished and cleaned up when you walk out.
4	Diva beauty is very modern and clean. It's located in a plaza next to Ulta and Old Navy. I love the artistic designs on the walls. I got an awesome Groupon deal and decided to try this place for the first time. There was no wait on a Thursday afternoon. Sasha was great, my eyebrows looked amazing. It took only about 10-15 min for brows, upper lip & chin ( all included with a 10$ groupon).  great deal! would definitely go back!
4	Until about two months ago, I was an Eyebrows R Us girl. I visited Diva Beauty one day after shopping at Ulta and fell in love. The decor was beautiful and the threaders have all been amazing! It gets a little crowded at lunch time, so try to go either in the morning or evening. I would give them five stars if the receptionist would ever smile or give a friendly greeting.
4	This is the regular joint I use to get my eyebrows done.  I actually prefer waxing, but I have sensitive skin and waxing on occasion actually makes me bleed and leaves me red for a day, which as the laughable kickboxing, jeans and T-shirt badass that I am, makes me lose major street cred to be seen with the waxing mark.  However, threading helps me move past this and get cleaned up with minor marks or redness.  The first time I had it done I was actually surprised how much it did kinda sting, but at this point I've gotten used to it.  I really like Lila, the shorter, quieter girl.  She did a bangin' job on my eyebrows, thinning out the crazy Italian look (Thanks, Mom!) into masculine, clean eyebrows very quickly.  And I do agree with other reviewers, the receptionist should be an extra on the Devil Wears Prada because she's frosty and not very... well, her face might break if she smiled.  I DID make her chuckle once, which I consider my big feat of the year.  So, my fellow bros!  Get it together, move past that unibrow, and show the ladies that you're man enough to get those hairs yanked out individually by manipulating them between threads but gentleman enough to keep it on the DL.Make sure you get a punch card, snag a free chocolate and a water bottle, it's a desert out there!
4	This place was is very nice and clean on the inside and the staff was quick and efficient. Im very particular about my eyebrows so I was absolutely a little leary about trying this place as I have never been therebefore but Im glad I stopped in. The young lady followed my requests down to the letter, which made me very happy!! The price is slightly higher than Eyebrows R Us which is my usual haunt but seeing as this place is closer to my house I may be stopping in here a little bit more regularly.
1	I had been a customer here since they opened a few years ago. Everything is usually great but on May 29 2012 I got my eyebrows done. I didn't leave a tip. I usually don't because I don't think its necessary. Well one of the employees wrote in a 5 dollar TIP and changed my $11 to a $16 on the paper receipt I had signed. I realized this a few days later on my bank report. Hello that is illegal! I will not be back. I can not believe how stupid someone was!
1	It was my second time being there and it was the worst!  I don't go to anyone specifically so a lady named Layla helped me. The first time I had my eyebrows done.. It didn't hurt as much, but my second time was awful. She was just threading away like it was nothing!! It hurt so much that I wanted to tell her to stop but I didn't. I just let her finish.. Well as it turns out.. She hurt me so much.. A couple days later, my bf noticed that I had tiny cuts from under my brow..  Now I know why it hurt so much! Never going back to her ever!
4	Love it there. The wait sometimes is a little long, but Sasha is an eyebrow queen! Love her!
5	This place is absolutely amazing. I was a little skeptical coming in because of some of the reviews but I'm glad I took a chance.For one, the receptionist, Chelsea was really sweet & wasn't mean at all. Two, Shanzeh did exactly what I asked her to do & we all know how hard it is to get threaders to do as we ask. On top of that, she was really sweet & made it go by fast because of her great personality. Lastly, I got a frequent goer card! 5 eyebrow threadings & get the 6th free :) can't beat that! Long story short, this place is a go-too. If you're lucky, Chelsea & Shanzeh will be working.
5	Because 2 are better than 1.  Ask for Pina. She went to town with the John Deer Threading. Then she gave me a complementary bottle of water for the road.
1	Terrible!! The 'stylist' I had kept smacking my arm to let go of my eyebrows and burped in my face! When I told her I wanted them thinner she said "no they're fine" and then just sat down in the chair as soon as I got up. I've been here once before and wasn't decided, I'll never go back now! Save your eyebrows and don't go here.
5	The receptionist was so nice! It was my first time seeing her, and she was super friendly and attentive. I always get my eyebrows done by Lila because she is the best.  Shes not too rough, and she's very consistent with her work.
5	Amazing!! Place is clean & the ladies are friendly. Prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back. Highly recommend.
4	I've been coming here since I moved to Vegas 3 years ago, and never looked back with my newly perfectly threaded eyebrows. The stylists here can be kinda hit or miss, but there are a couple that are on point every time. If you don't want to take the chance, go see Sasha. Call ahead if you can. She is not only an amazing stylist, but also an amazing person. I don't know what she does differently in her technique, but it hurts less than some of the other stylists. Sasha will give you an amazing threading experience and sage wisdom from her life experience. I always love talking to her. The reception staff here is forever changing, and the girl that was at the reception desk last night was very very friendly. Another perk is that they do customer loyalty points! You get a free threading for every 10 visits (I'm not completely sure on the number but I got a free one last night!). Threading is far better than waxing. If you haven't tried it before, I would urge you to go here first.
3	They don't disappoint. Once you get past the pain of the threading experience it is a wonderful result. Not tat am I naturalist or anything bit it beats the hot wax treatment. Really good for men too in that they aren't gender biased. Same price for the guys and galls. Also with mentioning they have a happy hour Sunday to Thurs from 11 to 1. Happy brows!
5	Ya.....I get my eyebrows threaded. Waddup bro come at me??? No for real though, I get my eyebrowa threaded just to stay and look clean and plus the ladies find it a plus if a guy has inc eye brows haha. Anyways this is the only place I go to get my eyebrowa threaded. I dont trust anyone else haha. Their hospitality here is amazing. Their service is excellent as well. Sasha was the first one to ever do my eyebrows so I always go to her! She's awesome. Super super nice n beautiful as well ;) the hostess was awesome as well and she was beautiful herself ;) diva beauty is awesome! Thank you ladies ;)
3	They do a nice jod....but act super put out when u try to explain what you want done.....maybe they just dont understand but maybe an effort to act as if you care what the customers wants are would be nice.
1	I walked in and it was empty. They told me to take a seat in one of the threaders chair. I EXPLAINED to the lady that I just wanted them cleaned up and not to touch the tail of my eyebrow. She said okay, she told me to stretch my skin and didn't even give me hand sanitizer and I didn't even think she sanitized her own hands. Being super rough and having your nail digging into my skin, she showed me the one eyebrow she did. she basically took my whole shape and they were super thin. I told her that that wasn't what I wanted and the other one to be they way I told her. She starts telling me that they way she did it looked better. Having uneven eyebrows & being extremely upset I talked to the receptionist and was told that since I was not satisfied that I would have to pay for the service. Not worth 12$!!!
5	This was my first time EVER having my brows threaded. I have been getting my brows waxed forever, but I can honestly say that after this last experience I might be a threading lifer. I made an appointment today (for today, which was awesome), and I lucked out and got Sasha. If you read other reviews, everyone seems to rave about her. No disappointments for me! The studio was a little out of the way for me, but it was clean and relaxing, so I'll definitely continue making the drive to see Sasha. I feel like a new woman. Now, all I can think of is "what else can I have threaded next time?"
5	Sasha and Lila are definitely my go to girls. They're always precise and take their time to take care of the smaller details of my eyebrows.
2	I use to always come go this location. I love them. I either go to Sasha or lille.  I went in for 2 days trying to get my eye brows done.. Ok a Friday night it was packed long wait I understand that. I went  in at 1:45 on a weds and the lady said Sasha had an appointment in front of me. I said ok I'll wait since I'll be next. That's better than having 5 people in front on me. So I waited. I waited 30 minutes for her to finish her appointment while she keep talking and talking. Ankther lady walks in and also wanted to see Sasha.  Then another girl comes in after she just called and made an appointment and gets seen after I been sitting there for 4 mins. Need more people and more quality work. Too slow. Won't be going back. I'll make the extra trip to the mall.
