5	What else can you ask for in a jazz club?  It's in a basement, there is a good selection of wine and scotch, and excellent tapas served all night!  Also, there is an outdoor patio in the back if the music gets too loud and you want to step outdoors for a bit.  You can't go wrong!
2	We were cruising Rue St-Denis looking for food and entertainment when we read the notice outside Diese Onze stating that there was to be a jazz trio playing that evening from 7:00 to 10:30.  David says he noticed a conflicting sign, but I missed it. The menu looked inviting.  Anyway, we went back to the hotel to nap and recharge, but made sure that we would be dressed and ready to get to the club by 7:00.  We thought we'd have some dinner and enjoy some live jazz.Well...when we got there it was silent and empty.  The weather being hot and humid, the atmosphere inside was muggy and stifling.  The bartender was friendly, though.  He told us that there would be no music until 9:30 and that there would be a cover charge at that time.  OK, we decided to eat anyway, maybe stretch it out with a cocktail or two and wait for the music.  There was a terrace out back which was cooler.I ordered gazpacho, which was served in a martini glass, and a beef dish.  David ordered a salad with carmelized pears and ...liver? and a salmon dish with a veggie medley.  During the time we were eating (and listening to a less than inviting endless sound check), we both began to feel sort of unwell.  There were insects getting in my food, and I began to think I might be allergic to some plant on the terrace or something, but David was also feeling weird, and was unable to finish his not-all-that-large meal.  Bear in mind that during all this time, we were the only patrons in the whole place.  We asked the bartender to wrap up David's leftovers.  He said he'd ask if that could be done (doesn't really seem like an unusual request).  We moved inside, and watched the endless sound check for a while.  Finally, we gave up and decided we'd maybe try another evening.  We paid up, and never saw the leftovers again.  I think it's just as well, because David was actually kind of sick for the rest of the evening...We actually tried again at 9:30 the following evening - we like jazz, what can I say?  We weren't going to eat there again, though.  We had some fine sushi down the way before going.  Well, the musicians weren't even set up at 9:30.  They were sitting at the bar planning their set.  There were, at least, a lot of patrons in the place this time.  We had a drink and waited until after 10 for the musicians to finally begin.  There were two saxophones, a bass and a drummer.  Hmmm...what can I tell you...let's just say they were ambitious.  It was a little hard to sit through.My recommendation is to give this place a miss.  If you want to hear fine jazz in a beautiful atmosphere in Montreal, go to the Maison du Jazz.  If you want a nice meal, go to almost ANY other restaurant on St. Denis.
5	Was recommended this place by a friend who lived in montreal for the past 5 years. He recommended it as 'a good place to take a pretty girl'.  A friend, my girlfriend and I went here last night and absolutely loved it. We showed up around 1230, happy to see that the quartet was still going strong despite apparently going on at 8:30(judging by the person belows review, sounds like most acts start pretty late) but it was perfect for us since we were looking for something to end the night with anyways. The space was fantastic, the acustics awesome. Great service and drinks(we didn't eat, so I can't comment here). Overall, I would highly recommend for a mellow jazz experience in a great part of montreal. It would probably be hard to get a big group of people(6+) a space in here, so its probably best for smaller groups. Its about a $10 cab from old montreal.
4	Opted for a Diese Onze instead of the more traditional House of Jazz because the performer the night we were here was more intriguing t  The cozy basement and small stage made for an up close performance.  Especially when the band started bringing up friends from the audience to play,  Expect the cover charge to be added to your bill, which makes things a little easier.  Slightly difficult to grab the bartenders attention once the music starts though. They didn't start on time ( of course) and it was advertised to start at 9, so by the time we finished dinner at a nearby restaurant we still had a good hour to kill, with no shops open that late.  Suggest this is entertainment after a late dinner or dinner elsewhere in the city.
5	Intimate seating and sexy lighting... fantastic live music... a host who helps you find seating by artfully rearranging other patrons and a cover of only $6.  So what if my scotch pour was a tad stingy - this place has it all!!  This is the perfect locale for a nightcap post dinner at L'Express (easy walk, even in heels and in 5degree F weather!) or to round off a hot first date.  I highly recommend checking it out - only don't tell anyone else, or next time I'm in Montreal there may be no room for me!
5	This place has jazz and you don't have those awful salads they serve at House of Jazz for a billion dollars. Okay fine I exaggerated but seriously. This is one of the best places to go, especially strange, considering the sizeable Jazz Festival we have, Montreal does actually lack jazz bars. That being said, tonight's cover was $8, they have food and drinks, a sangria that is to die for, and quality musicians! My only complaint for the evening, were a rude group of people. Coming in, the host said talkers in the back, listening fans in the front, we chose the front. There was a group on the other side of us, there for a birthday, and they were chatting through out the first set, as the group kept getting bigger and bigger, they got louder and louder.  They actually had the nerve to sing Happy Birthday during the group's first ballad to the shock of everyone sitting there. They continued after singing with whistling and clapping throwing off the entire mood. Suggestions for people that just want ambient music while they are out don't go to a pretty intimate jazz bar, and sit right next to the band and distract them. Luckily for us 2nd set, the host moved their entire table and let them know that they disrupted the band.
4	Fun spot with cheap drinks!
5	Serious jazz bar in Montreal but thankfully away from Old Montreal.  What a nice find.  It is located in the basement and has low ceilings.  A large wrap around bar counter with finished walls and beamed ceilings.  Maybe a dozen cozy tables.  There is a chill corner.  They have a menu and appear to take pride in their food which is reasonably priced around 15 dollars plus or minus.  But when the place is full staff are stretched thin so you may have to remind them of your order.  They have beer on tap.  Fantastic jazz quartet with sax and guitar when I was there.  They ask patrons to keep their voices down during performances.   Feels like a jazz bar!
1	Can't remember ever being made to feel less welcome.  Tried to go see the Latin jazz on a Monday night.  Waitress brought a menu and told me cover was $6.  I joked about that be outrageous with what I thought was obvious sarcasm.  Maybe she thought I was serious.  At a minimum she was not amused and left me alone with the menu for about 20 min.  When she finally came back I wanted to order food and she THEN told me the kitchen was closed and all she had was olives...  Then promptly ran off again before I could even order a drink.  I was going to stay and watch a set, but after about another 20 min of waiting for her to come back I got frustrated and left.  That was about 9:50.  The music was supposed to start at 9:00 and the band was just setting up as I left.  It was a $10 cab ride to and from the place.  So twenty bucks and a wasted evening....   Needless to say I won't be going back to this club...
3	A classic jazz club atmosphere.  Drinks leave a lot to be desired.  The music was good ($8 cover).  Didn't try the food. My martini ($12) was a glass half filled with small, green olives and just enough gin to cover them.  I had asked for a standard martini with olives. I don't know what compelled him to put so many olives.  The waiter made sure to advise me that since I asked for Tanqueray, it was more expensive.  I don't mind paying $12 for a proper martini.  I've paid as much as $16.  But give me a proper drink.  I would have loved to go back because it was a cool spot to hear music but I also like to have a cocktail or two at the bar.  Not a glass of olives.  Anyway,  if you go and have wine or beer it seems like a good place.
5	My fiancee stayed at an Air BnB just around the corner from this awesome basement jazz club during our short sojourn in Montreal in October. We didn't make a reservation and were extremely lucky to have shown up early enough to get two seats at the bar for the show that night - a tribute to John Coltrane's A Love Supreme. It was freaking incredible - really inspired performances from all the musicians in a cozy, intimate venue that just heightened the experience. The food was also delicious and the drinks tasty (perhaps a little stingy with the whisky pour). Overall just a fantastic evening out in the plateau and definitely a highlight of our trip.
