1	Their great don't cha know! Not only are they unknowledgeable of what to do in any given situation, but they also always do the wrong thing. Only one word comes to mind... DOUCHE... I guess thats why they are in Phoenix...Now if you yourself are a police officer, this isn't necessarily against you unless you are the douche who took my license plate off of my vehicle without proper and valid reason. I am going to find out who you are and get you fired you sorry excuse for an officer.
1	I think we need to reintroduce "Nincompoop" into the modern American lexicon. Mainly, since it has found its embodiment so perfectly manifested in a governmental organization. Yep, you guessed it, Phoenix PD!They always show up at the wrong time, in other words, in those rare moments when you actually think, "Hey, I really need assistance from an officer of the law RIGHT NOW!" they take their sweet time when you call them. Conveniently, in the instances of minor infractions they are there with an entire brigade ready to cuff and cage anyone around. To their credit, they aren't as bad as the Santa Clara PD in California. In fact, if I didn't know better, I would be inclined to give Phoenix PD two or three stars after four years of SCPD. But I do know better, so I won't.
2	Unless you're dying don't even think about getting decent service from our city's finest.  After a late-night vehicle burglary I learned very quickly how Phoenix PD deals with its non-emergency situations.  They don't.   Well only during certain hours and on certain days, and if you're hopping on one foot.   A 24 hour police department this isn't.The irony is I felt like I was in a smaller city, not the nation's fifth largest city.  Actually no.  In a medium-sized city, someone would have picked up the phone and I wouldn't have to hear a computerized loop for 40 minutes.Realizing this wasn't a 911 emergency I called the non-emergency line and got NOWHERE.  I was put on hold for 40 minutes before finally getting an operator who told me to call back later - at 6 AM!!   I saw two motorcycle cops pass by in that 40 minute gap and could chased one down faster than this phone call.Turns out they do police reports on the phone these days.  Convenient for me.  Convenient for police.  And convenient for soon-to-be-hired outsourced telephone operators abroad.  The process goes like this.  You call to report your incident.  They take your name number and call you back - a "Don't call us, we'll call you" sort of thing.  OK.  Fine.  You basically have to sit by your phone until they call.  Of course they call back when I'm in the bathroom taking care of bidness.  I call them back only to be told I have to to the back of the 2 hour queue.  Oh yes, and they occasionally close down to "work on their lists" when the queue gets too long - which means that you have to call back for that reason as well.  So after a few times of that nonsense I get through to someone 10 hours later.I had good service once I got through to a police officer, but getting through to someone IS THE BATTLE.
1	I have a problem when cops sit idle outside of bars waiting to crack the first guy/girl leaving a bar instead actually patrolling the city and cleaning up crimes that are hurting/crippling our city - illegals, meth and other drug related issues, robberies, domestic abuse, burglaries, violent crimes, and rapes. You know all these aforementioned issues have increased during the past 3 years. Instead, cops are waiting to get as many DUis to pad their fat wallets.My car gets broken into. It takes the police 2 hours to get there and gives me a form to fill out. and drop in the mail. He said, he didn't have time to do the police report himself. I get in my car and see the same cop 30 minutes later outside a wine bar. My buddy gets sucker punched at a bar. The cop accused my friend of instigating the fight and didn't want to file a report. The reason is that cops don't get paid extra to write police reports. But, they get paid extra for every DUI arrest because that means more time in court and extra pay. Phoenix Police sucks!
1	If there was an alternate rating system, Phoenix PD would be at  a negative 10. I was attempting to get into my friend's building during a Diamondbacks game ( he lives at 4th Street and Jackson, across from Chase Field). I rolled down my window and asked the officer how and where Summit residents could enter. The officer pointed in the direction I was to go, so off I went. Well apparently, he had directed me to the wrong lane. So automatically it was MY fault. The officer comes RUNNING toward my car and starts beating on my window. I roll the window down and he starts SCREAMING to me that i'm in the wrong lane. I can laugh about it now remembering the aggravated vein popping out of his neck, but at the time, I couldn't understand why he was THAT upset. I didn't get a ticket or anything, but this is just a prime example of how many police officers abuse their authority.
3	If I decide to follow through with my dreams of becoming a world-class supervillainess, I will probably set up an HQ somewhere in downtown Phoenix. Not because I have a desert theme or because there's a pool of available costumed heroes, but because the Phoenix PD would be a perfect match for an evil doer like me; corrupt, incompetent, unnecessarily imposing.I could even tie them to my origin story. I've got some ideas already. Here are a few, off the top of my head.-Girl (whose name may or may not be Jetta) gets sideswiped by a drunken driver, knocking her off of the road, into a ditch, and bruising her and her passenger up. The Phoenix PD, rather than responding to the call, proceeds to spend 2 hours trying to convince the Avondale PD to take the call instead, giving the aforementioned drunk driver enough time to sober up, call up a friend willing to hide his car from the police, and drive off. By the time any police show up, the girl needs to be helped out of her car. Though her wounds can be tended too, the anger and betrayal she feels can never be mended, and she devotes her life to destroying the city that let her down.-Sgt. Lush is high-ranking military brass. He's also a wife-beating alcoholic who terrorizes his family with violence. One day, he goes off crazier than usual, and is finally arrested after throwing a piece of furniture at his 12-year old son in a drunken rage. The arrest is special because Sgt. Lush's job within the military was to help rehabilitate substance abusers and alcoholics. Because of his status and position, the Phoenix PD decide to release him into military custody without any legal recourse. Sgt. Lush comes home the next day while all the children are at school/work and proceeds to continue where he left off on his wife.   He is stopped only when his daughter, secretly a supervillainess, comes home and scares him off with a broken bottle. She then adopts the mantle The Manhater, prowling the streets dispensing her own brand of gender-specific justice.-Jetta R, an art student, law abider and model citizen, comes home to find that her house has been burglarized. After being hung up on several times by the receptionist, an officer from the Phoenix PD arrives. Despite the abundance of evidence (finger prints, foot prints, blood on the windows from where they smashed their way in), the officer informs Jetta that 'they're too busy solving murders', and that next time she shouldn't panic so much. Years later, Jetta attends a History of Police Work class at ASU West where the instructor, a police officer himself, informs the class that only 8 percent of burglaries in Phoenix are ever solved. Jetta decides those are odds she can handle, and begins a slew of serial burglaries. Her trademark? Leaving post-it notes with catty criticisms of her victims wardrobe and taste in decorating.I really can't decide which of these origins would best fit me as a supervillainess.I'd try to incorporate all three into my identity, but nobody would believe that someone can be fucked over that many times by the same police department, right?Ha ha! The man always bringing me down.I'm still deciding on an appropriate alias. I was thinking of calling myself The Bombshell. You know, dress in a pin-up girl style. Smoke Lucky Strikes. Use a bright pink grenade launcher. Or The Phantom Fabulous. And, I don't know, train my body to become incorporeal on command or something.I've thought way too much into this. I'm never going to get a real job.
1	Let me begin with my friends car getting demolished by a drunk driver. We were headed east on McDowell in the left lane at around 6:45pm and some drunken idiot got into the turn lane and nearly hit us head on but then swerved and completely destroyed the driver's side of my friends cars. So we pulled of on a side street and called t 911 and got out of the car to make sure that we were ok. Wellllllll.................half an hour later a cop finally decided to show up and.....shock of the century.....he turned out to be a complete and total jerk. He started asking us questions in an accusatory tone as if we were the ones who caused the accident. He was completely insensitive and didn't even ask if we were ok. On top of being rude and callous.......he treated us as if we were total idiots, my guess is because we were young and female he assumed that we were stupid......or my other theory is that when he saw my friends Obama bumper sticker his bitter jealous heart began to ache for Mccain's abismal loss.
5	Phoenix PD is the shit.I've had the rare opportunity to watch someone get tackled, fight a cop, and then get the shit tazed out of him. I'll never forget watching a 6 foot something 300+ pound black guy dropping to the ground like a sack of bricks. and then shaking and convulsing. Rule #1 don't rob circle K and then try to get away from cops with helicopters and dogs. They will get you.
4	Look, for anyone complaining about the men and women of Phoenix PD, I hope you never find yourself having to deal with Scottsdale PD. I am an extremely fair person, but Scottsdale PD is ridiculous. They will harass you, berate you and treat you like a second class citizen for no reason whatsoever...who knows, maybe they get off on it. And I'm not some criminal a hole either complaining just to hear myself complain. Phoenix PD is different, and I cannot say I have ever been mistreated by any Phoenix police officer I've ever come into contact with while at work or when I was just recently pulled over. The officer treated me like a human being. So, 4 stars for Phoenix PD. -46 stars for Scottsdale whose officers treat everyone like rabid dogs.
1	WORTHLESS, so here is my awesome story that just start about 5 hours ago. My car was towed RIGHT OUT SIDE MY HOUSE, Where police have informed that it was towed because of a "vin violation" So this means that someone reported my car parked outside my house and the cops went and check it out, PHYISCALLY looked at my VIN number and said, hey this doesnt match, but little do their IGNORANT minds know, my dash was swapped because we all know a dash cannot last 5 years in the arizona heat, if they would have take 2 seconds to open my door which was unlocked with my window open, they could have check the VIN on the door and seal to find MAGICALLY that it matched the plate. So with their COP like authority, they towed my car, i have called them OVER 25 TIMES, getting NUMEROUS run around stories to finally track down the man i have to talk to to obtain my car, mr dan cook. I am a WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER, i need my car at ALL times, he has not called me back nor do i expect him to. The police have helped me zero in this situation. Its down right scary that these are the people "protecting" us
1	After my review of Salsita's 6, I've come to have faith in the cumulative point rating system. SImply enumerate the various categories and let the chips fall so to speak.Phoenix Police Department.Five stars for my arresting officer and how interested he was in my life...asking a ton of questions...seeing the real me as a person instead of just another perpetrator.He seemed genuinely concerned about me, and under any other circumstances, I could totally see me and him as besties. You just don't see that kind of caring any more.Another five for his using nylon ties in lieu of those pesky steel handcuffs.And yet another three for his super clean backseat. I thought it would smell like puke or crack dealer or something.Where are we, thirteen so far?Minus five for the butch officer who fingerprinted me and failed to acquiesce to my request for a hairbrush and some product prior to the mugshot. I looked like Nick Nolte and Gary Busey's illegitimate child.Another minus five for the Madison Street Jail facility and its 'open' toilets in the holding tank. If you have shy bladder syndrome, this is not the place for you after a night of prodigious drinking.And I'm going with a negative two for what I think may have been an egg Mcmuffin they served up for breakfast, although I'm not really sure what it was.Overall, I'd say this wasn't as bad an experience as all my friends let on.And, it does give me the chance to get to see if Philips and Associates are as good they say.Where's that leave us.Yeah, no, pretty sure that's one star. Hmm.Probably won't repeat.
4	I am very happy with our Phoenix PD. They will respond to crimes and when the radio is dead they will make an effort to do a little neighborhood cleanup and keep it safe. You can go on their website and look up your neighborhood community action officer and patrol supervisors. People complain that the hoodrats run amock in Phoenix, but PPD does their best to lock 'em down tight. It's the judges that keep letting them back out on the streets. And yes, there are a few rogue officers just like any other 3,000 member department or corporation. They always do get caught and terminated though. Keep up the good work PPD.
2	I respect the men and women of law enforcement so despite my following review let that be known.Phoenix Police is always hit and miss as far as customer service.  You have some officers that don't want to do anything ( Lazy ).  They will literally respond to your call just to say there is nothing they can do especially when it comes to mental health citizens.They literally would rather be REACTIVE rather than PROACTIVE.Look if you receive a call about an individual who is disturbed and someone calls in wishing that that individual be checked on.  DO IT !You can get back to your local QT and hang out for a real call later.Phoenix Police officers are some of the most unprofessional looking I have seen in law enforcement.  Officers with tatoos all up and down their arms ?Reputable security officer companies don't even let their officers show up to the work place like that.Oh well, God Bless the men and women of law enforcement and thank you as always to Phoenix PD for at least responding when I need them.
5	Yesterday I had the privilege of spending the morning "Behind the Badge" touring and experiencing the department, F.A.T.S. (where I squeaked by one decision-making scenario and failed big on the second), 911 Communications (thanks particularly to Barry) and the Crime Lab (with patient Randy, who answered my many questions). Public Relations Officer Jennifer Eastman was so generous with her time, knowledge, and arrangements. In the afternoon I "partnered" with an officer she herself recruited, from Mountain View Precinct, Officer Peter Bennett. He too was more than generous explaining aspects of his responsibilities as were the citizens of his precinct who occupied us in assorted ways. I am personally grateful for those named and a score unnamed who allowed a "mature" woman to experience all she did.
1	so here we are... i have never had any problem with PHX PD except for the fact that they break traffic rules everyday... but i wake this morning at 5am to go to work and find on my car 2 tickets from PHX PD written both at 3:01 AM however each was written by two different officers, Jack #8773 and Tomco #8723 (i hope they show up to court) one ticket was for parking the wrong way on the street that is fine i will pay that, the other ticket is for parking in a restricted area in front of my house (parking on the street is prohibited from 7 am to 4 pm for the school on the street) so how is it that me parking there at 3AM is prohibited i dont know if these cops want to continue their love affair on duty please quit your job you werent so quick to respond to the man shot dead on that street last year but are writing tickets at 3 am for bullshit.i truly hope karma catches these officers.WORST POLICE FORCE IN AMERICA and maybe the world
1	We all choose our career.  And just because you wear a uniform or chose a job where people hate at you and shoot at you, doesn't necessarily automatically earn my respect.  Many cops these days go into the profession for all the wrong reason including a stint in the military, no college education or simply a job where they want respect and authority without earning it.  This epitomizes the Phoenix PD.  Jack Harris was a bad police chief, Danny Garcia is a bad police chief and all the assistant chiefs can't manage, can't lead and deserve no respect.  Corruption runs rampant.  Nepotism is part of the culture. Ineptitude runs this department.   Never talk to them.  Never be a witness to anything for them.  Never call them for help.  Hire a lawyer before you EVER speak to a cop - let alone a Phoenix cop.  Remember who is hired to protect whom and remember who works for whom.
4	The patrol officers / beat officers are great.  I miss Chief Jack Harris. He stood up for the officers and encouraged neighborhood cleanups. Our new chief (Garcia) is horrible and brings down morale among the officers. The officers want to do good quality work. But not only do you have lib judges slapping hoodrats on the hand with "naughty boy", you got a chief that is also a lib and seems more for the hoodrats than the actual officers. Just take a look at the horrible job he did in Dallas. There were plenty of highly qualified commanders within the PPD department that could have been promoted to chief.
5	Best Officers Ever!
1	They stop and give me a ticket and a hot female can just get off. That's bs phx pd. Kiss my you know what.
1	Apparently in the city of Phoenix, Child Abuse is fully acceptable as long as there are no marks on the child.Despite it being a yet to be 2 year old being punched by a grown, 40 year old man.
5	..............
5	My experience is phone service. I called and did not get a call back. Obviously extremely busy and important but by no means anything approaching emergency situation. Second call, a day later, got through. Transferred to officer. Patient, clear, specific.I was relieved and well informed as well as highly impressed with delivery and professional demeanor.
5	At 10 am this past Sunday we heard the Phoenix police knocking at our neighbors door, they received no response. They then came to our door inquiring about our neighbor. We had not seen him for a couple of days and knew nothing about his whereabouts. They noticed a large stain of blood right outside our door and asked us about it, we had not noticed it the night before. They went back to the neighbors door and continued to knock, they finally received a response from him. Once he answered the door they realized he was severely injured and called an ambulance to take him to the hospital. He had had an accident the night before and was unable to call for help. His out of state family realized that something was wrong when they could not reach him by phone and called the police, if not for their intervention I do not think he would have survived. When they arrived they were consistent, polite and relentless in getting to the bottom of the matter. I must say they changed my perception of the police, who up to this point have not been my favorite people! Phoenix police rock, thank you!
1	Called the Phoenix Police regarding a home burglary at 4:00pm today.  It's now 8:10pm and still no officer.  I called the non emergency number to follow up and the call is STILL "in queue".  Seriously?!
