5	Great selection, friendly staff, clean and organized layout. I went in asking for a one-shot comic and the clerk helped me look through filing cabinets and shelves to find it. They do offer special orders.
4	Cool Comic Book Store near the Wal-Mart on Marks and Sunset in Henderson. Brand new clean location, interesting display items on the shelves. Looks to be a great up to date selection. I collect the older stuff so I can't comment on the modern day items. Lots of comics for a dollar and the drawers are full of items to browse through. They also have complete sets at reasonable prices. Took off a single star on the store  rating cause they charge you a small fee for the comic book backers and plastic sleeves when you buy a comic. (Never seen that before)Overall a Cool place thats welcome in my neck of the woods and cool can also describe the temps in the shop, the last time I was in the air conditioner was on near full blast! Meat locker storage like!
5	The guys the work here are the best. Gabe always helps me find the right comic and everyone else is very helpful and friendly. Plus with all the great deals that they have it keeps me coming back.
5	The store has a great layout with custom made back issue drawers that are the best I've ever seen in a comic shop. The staff is extremely helpful and have turned me onto several comics and indi books that I probably would never have picked up. They have a huge glass cabinet filled with awesome statues that tend to empty  fast. They also have a gaming calendar with a varying schedule of interests, such as Heroclix, Magic, Yu-gi-Oh, Pokemon, and Beyblades! Jay the owner and staff, hosts many huge events such as comic artists signings from professionals in the industry, free movies at the Rave at Town Center, New Comic Day and parties for various events. If you love comics, new to them or even just want to know what the hoopla is all about, you owe it to yourself to check out MaximuM Comics in Henderson and see for yourself!
5	This isn't your typical comic book shop.The floors are clean, the stock is well-organized and the staff is friendly. When I first walked into this place, I was amazed at just how different this place is from other shops, it doesn't give off the vibe of a typical comic store, but more of an established chain you'd see in larger cities such as NYC, Chicago or San Fran.If you go in on a semi-regular basis, the staff will start to recognize you and engage in your comic interests discussing story arcs and such. This is something you don't get at most comic shops and validates picking this store over any other. If you're going to spend money on comics, this is the place to do it. Jay has created a sanctuary for nerds everywhere and I wish him continued success!(I really need to stop spending so much money on those darn South Park Kidrobot figures.)
2	The organization of the shop, the pull box reserve and the fact that each comic book purchased gets a backboard and plastic to protect them, are definitely reasons why I will shop here for comics, and not anywhere else.  But I was dismayed on their one-year anniversary. Since October 2010, I would have to say I had invested somewhere between $700 and $1000 for their products. I'm not their VIP but I am certainly not a chump. I felt like a chump when I left, though.I first asked for my pull box items. There were 3 titles there that were not mine. Right away I felt that if they couldn't pay attention to that detail, I am just another customer. About to pay, I noticed a Red Hulk figure on the counter. I asked if I could get it. My usual "go to"guy told me it was by the posters. I looked everywhere for them, and the one I saw at the counter was the only one. I told him that was the last one. He charged me for my one comic book for the week, and our business was done. I guess I'm a CHUMP to these guys now. The 2 stars I am giving them is described as "I've experienced better."The place I have experienced better was the same place 2 weeks before this experience. Looks like I will be getting my collectibles from Amazon or Big Bad Toy Store, and might get a new hobby.
4	Although, I stay loyal to Alternate Reality comics, I have to give this location credit for cleanliness, organization, staff support, and overall ambiance of it all. Is it me? or are the Maximum Comics completely obsessed with DC comics? I'm a Dark Horse/Marvel kind of girl :) What I enjoyed: Vast selection and variety, seating area, refreshments, posters, t-shirts, Kidrobot accessories Not a bad place to check out :)
4	This place is so much more bigger than Alternate Reality but the location isn't convenient to me (30+ minute drive!). There's a wide variety of comics & bundles (especially Marvel & DC) at great prices. I'll be visiting this store again but not as often as I would like to because of how far this place is.
5	I've been reading comics since I was 5 and have seen a number of comic shops come and go.  Sadly, the prevailing theme of all these shops is an elitist attitude and obnoxious interaction with the clients.  This, however, is not MaximuM.  The guys at the shop are friendly, smart and fun to talk to.  Zac and Gabe are the best.  I call them almost every Monday to add titles to my box and they say "No problem" and the books are in my box on Wednesday!  I can't remember the amount of times I have called other shops to do adds only to find them missing from my box AND sold out on Wednesday.  The shop is great too.  You have room to walk, it's spotless and well lit.  Everything is easy to find.  The back issues drawers are always well organized and the prices are great.  They also have events happening regularly.  Parties at the stores, free movies at Rave and great contests.Their customer loyality program is unlike any other too.  It seems like I'm getting gift cards and free comics all the time.In my 30 plus years of reading and buying comics, I can honestly say this is the best shop I've ever purchased from.Thanks Jay and crew...
5	Looking for something new?  Maybe something old?  Maybe you're looking to start up a hold box?MaximuM Comics has you covered.  Seriously.Every issue you buy comes backed and bagged, so you don't have to worry about how you're going to protect your comics.  The new and recent issues take up a half-dozen shelves that span an entire wall of the shop.  They've got file cabinet upon file cabinet of back issues that have been painstakingly sorted for easy searching.  They also have an extensive, and well organized library of trade paperbacks.  The staff is also incredibly friendly, and genuinely interested in helping you find what gets you geeked.Their deals are great too.  All trade paperbacks are 20% off if you have a hold box opened with them.  And all gaming supplies are 20% every day.  Great staff.  Impeccably organized.  Awesome deals.  MaximuM Comics provides one of the best experiences you could have in a comic book shop.
4	Love the comic selections. I am a comic fans and love anime. Great artwork and posters in the store.Staff is very helpful and friendly. Not like most comic stores where you feel uncomfortable when you walk in.
5	I'm not the comic or collectable type, but my husband likes to frequent this store and I usually accompany him when we're out and about in this area. I can definitely appreciate a business with friendly employees who seem to really value their customers. Considering a lot of these items can easily be purchased online, it definitely helps and it makes me want to give them repeat business.
5	I love comics. Have since I spent my youth allowance on every book available.  Now, I have to take out a second mortgage to purchase a comic book.  J/K.  Meanwhile, Maximum Comics makes the experience of forking over my paycheck for a my little pony comic much more enjoyable.  The comics are displayed alphabetically, not a small feat with so many titles.  The bins are easy to look through and with every title you reserve, each week you receive one free plastic holder with cardboard.  The staff is very helpful and they never make you feel rushed.They also have a nice selection of die casts, plush comic toys, and various other paraphernalia.  You and your kids will enjoy a trip to MC.  Tip. They almost always have free comics or previews to hand out, signings on occasion and even raise money for charity.  They also give comics to the schools every now and then..
5	This store is one of my favorites. I moved away from Vegas, but always make a point to stop in while in town. It's clean, smells great and has the latest comics, statues and toys. If you're looking for silver age, they've got you covered. Scored some great comics and had fun looking through the back issues. Customer service is always great here. The owner takes pride in all 3 of his stores. I recommend checking it out of you are in Henderson.
2	Large drawers full of Silver Age comics apparently have been bought out and whatever is left is mixed in with the all the rest of the comic books. They once told me that they have thousands of older comic books to sort in the back room, but for right now it's not as good as it was. Seems good for the people that like modern books, but the early stuff isn't readily accessible as it once was. Maybe one day it will be back to normal again for buyers/collectors like me, but for right now they've lost me. I'll drop by in a few months, maybe there is still some hope? The drawers for silver age are all EMPTY.
3	I went to all three Maximum comics locations during my last trip to Vegas and say that if they were all combined into one giant store it could be epic, but the obvious separation of their combined back stock really brings them down. Many back issue titles seem to be missing in their giant display cabinets and stretched out thin between the three shops. The decorations and statues in the stores look great and scream to fans "I'm a great store.. check me out!" but true comic fans can see through it. The stores have average new stock and supplies. Prices are o.k. Nothing says came back over and over again. As a person looking for specific back issues, I won't say that any of the stores in this chain are bad;  they are just lacking due to being separated into three locations. They are worth a shot if your in the area. The one key note I discovered is that each store seems to have  much different back stock and store 3.0 is much smaller than store one or 2.0.
5	Fantasy Flight Deck-Building Games. Enough Said.Oh and i've been coming here for 3 years and they have always been helpful and are always willing to explain every little detail of any game/series.HIGHLY RECOMMEND this location (but i'm sure all 3 are just as awesome!).
2	Well after a few months since my previous review I did return and things have not changed one bit. The silver age, war and horror (old school subjects, from the 60s/70s) drawers are still empty. I collect silver age, but I don't have a specific item that I am looking for, I basically browse the drawers and if a cover appeals to me I buy it. To me not having a structure in my collecting makes it more fun, I don't need to complete a full run and any random book or subject is just fine with me. The cover art is what I am mostly looking for (since 90% of the time the story in the book lets you down in relation to the exciting cover art). I really liked it when they had several drawers full of silver age that I could concentrate on and they were located in one place towards the beginning of the line of drawers. Now you can find silver age, but they are mixed into all the other hundreds of subjects and those drawers are so full you can't even look through them without removing a huge stack so you can take a look. Some drawers are so tight, you can't even remove some to make room, other drawers are packed so loose that the books are falling over damaging other books and folding them.I did manage to find a few items that totalled about $15, but when I checked out, again no mention of the rewards program. Again this is a sticking point with me, since for all the years I was buying there it was at about the $250 in total purchases that I was finally offered a card for the rewards program. Ugh!
1	It's pretty pricey for things you'd think would be pretty cheap. I went there looking for birthday presents for a friend, and they didn't have what I needed, and the cashier got kinda pushy about me buying something else... I just wanted to leave. Was uncomfortable. I won't be back.
