5	I've been going to Scott's Training Systems (formerly Body By Scott) for 3 years, and have gotten into the best shape of my life as a result of my structured workouts and recommended meal options. You may have seen Scott on 3TV as he is often interviewed for health and fitness segments. Scott and his team of skilled trainers work with regular people like me, but also many award-winning professional body-builders (he also competes from time to time), bathing suit competitors and Ms. AZ contestants. The studio is bright and clean, and the equipment ranges from weights, ropes, kettle balls and state of the art machines. STS just started offering group training classes which I hope to check out soon too.
5	I have been a client of Scott's Training Systems since March and I have lost 13% body fat!  They have been tremendous in creating customized workouts and eating plans that work for ME.  I am a busy working mom that has to travel for work sometimes and they have created a fitness/eating plan that is totally do-able.  I have other friends that are members and their plans are all different based on their goals - no cookie cutter, one-size-fits-all with these guys.  They are the real deal and it so nice to stop experimenting with all kinds of crazy diet plans and workouts - I just follow what they tell me and get results.
5	Scott hurt me today
5	I have been seeing Scott and Mark at STS for all of 2012.  I had multiple goals.  Improve my fitness but to also rehab my knee where I had torn 2 ligaments.  I have achieved both goals.  My leg is the strongest it has been in 3 years and I have lost body fat and added muscle.  My wife also goes to Scott's group classes twice a week and she loves it.  Having played sports at college and beyond I am really picky about where I work out.  I think most trainers do a month long course and then it is the blind leading the blind but not at STS.  Everyone in there is so knowledgeable and great and I really enjoy going in there.  I highly recommend STS to anyone who wants professional help for any type of fitness goals.
5	I have been training  with Scott on and off for over 2 yrs  I absolutely love his teachings, "to live a healthy life style".Super clean facility and trainers including the clients are very welcoming
5	I started training with Scott at STS when I had reached a plateau training on my own.  Scott is truly one of the best in the business!  He helped transformed my body in 12 weeks and I look and feel the best I ever have!  If you're looking to make SERIOUS gains in your fitness levels, STS is definitely the place to make it happen.
5	Awesome work out with Scott Keppel, I'll be back. If you haven't been to STS your missing out the trainers are awesome. Great Yoga classes with Kim Chavez.
5	STS is the best! I always used to go to the gym and do some cardio and random weights, but now thanks to Scott I know what to do and what works best for my body. I've been a loyal client since May 2014, and I love it! I live in South Scottsdale so it's about a 30 minute drive to Scott's but it's worth it. I've trained with several trainers and Scott is the best by a long run. Don't forget to try their yoga! Awesome teachers and flexible schedules.
5	Scott has been amazing over the past few months! Everyone is friendly and super flexible and great to work with. Scott is awesome with nutrition and making sure it's reasons with your lifestyle. Thanks to Scott I don't go to the gym and only do cardio and machines. Any goal you have, he can help you get there
