5	If you have young kids this is the greatest place ever for haircuts. My kids love it and look forward to getting haircuts here.
4	Always good service. Great for kids. Fabulous Bday party venue. A bit on the price side but good for special haircuts such as birthdays, 1st day of school, etc.
5	We took our daughter here for her first haircut. They did a great job and they really work well with kids. The salon is really designed nicely and kid friendly, we will be back for sure.
5	The employees there are nice . The place is clean and well designed for kids. It is totally somewhere you want to take ur kids to go and have their haircut.
5	My first visit at this location.  We normally go to the Chandler location but we were in the area and this was on our to do list.  The staff is very patient and my daughter loved every minute of it. Nice, clean salon with lots of vibrant color and a large waiting room.  Nice for the little ones to roam around.
5	Took my almost three year old daughter there for her first haircut. Sharon (I think)  was our stylist. Unbelievable experience all around, from the quality of the haircut to the location to how great she was with our little Molly. I would give this place six stars if I could. My daughter went in in tears, and ended up not wanting to leave. Great patience with the kids great fun.
5	Sharon cut my sons hair tonight and she did an awesome job! Lets just say my son is opposed to haircuts. She managed to cut his hair perfectly all while he was flailing, screaming and trying to escape.
3	I usually bring my daughter to the Chandler location, but we were in the neighborhood so we decided to go in. It was an hour wait, which I'm fine with, but then the woman cutting her hair, Sharon, was cold and seemed annoyed that she has to be there. She didn't say a kind word and right after she was done, loudly announced she was going on break. I'll travel the extra distance to go to the chandler location from now on.
5	We took our twin boys here this morning to try a different place.  One of my boys always cried at the other place we went.  He sat down in the chair today and didn't make one peep.  Very impressed!!!
1	No Bueno!!!  Staff told me it would be 15 min. and told the lady who arrived after us, her wait would be 10 min. with 5 other cuts before her!  I asked again, and now our wait was 2 hours!!! Depending on who called before we walked in, this is a place that DOESN'T take appts.!?  I can't speak for the haircuts, but the ghetto staff matched the ghetto atmosphere, with the grimey train table, products not faced, it was equally as gross as a McDonald's play area.  I guess it was meant to be that we left before being serviced.It received ONE star only because ZERO stars wasn't an option.
5	I watched my 1 year old nephew have a fabulous experience here. They have a 1st Haircut package that includes a photo! He sat in a bumbo and the experience was positive. There's also a train table in the waiting area.
3	I took my 14 mo old daughter here for her first cut, of course she cried all through it but didn't move or wiggle. The lady was VERY nice and patient however, I was concerned that she onl as she went cut along her nape (bob cut with straight across bangs) and never went back with her fingers or a comb to see if it was even. Well when we got home and her hair dried it was totally noticebly uneven! You could see that the layers underneath were longer than the outer layers and one side was longer than the other. I guess I wouldn't have been that upset if I didn't just pay $24.95 and had to redo it myself. Great concept, fun atmosphere but pretty pricey for a "quick" cut.
4	Found this place online and decided to give it a try. From start to finish this place appeals to kids - kid themed movies, a train table in the waiting area, big colorful character decor and kid friendly chairs. I have a 4 year old and an 18 month old who is not a fan of haircuts. Have gone here 3 times and had different stylists each time - each of them has been super patient with my son (who screams from start to finish). They took their time with him, in spite of the yelling, and the haircuts turned out nice. My daughter loves going to get her haircut and they do a great job of giving her a sense of autonomy and making some of the decisions for herself. She loves it here!! After the haircut they get a lollipop and a card to put into the prize machine. They like getting to see what little trinket they will get afterwards. I wish they had one closer to where we live (North Scottsdale area) but we can always find a reason to head in this direction and when we do we pop in for a haircut!
1	Not impressed by this place! Although we walked in to a nearly empty salon (there was one other little boy getting a haircut), and two other stylists sitting in the back, we waited nearly 30 minutes for a bad experience. Although I sat close by, and told her just what we wanted, she did the haircut of HER choice because "it will look better this way." We walked out with a crying little boy, because he thought his hair was too short, which it was! Think "going into the military" short. Thank goodness his hair grows pretty fast, but our negative experience stems from the WAIT and NOT listening to the customers request. We will go back to Cool Cuts, a further drive, but fast and courteous.
