3	It is worth coming in to browse for deals. I found an LED flashlight for $.99 - the useful life of the product is yet to be determined. The one thing I noticed that was not presented well was the travel size shampoo. It looked liked the product spilled over the entire shipment and no one bothered to wipe the bottles clean before putting them on display.You can find some decent things in this place - so three stars.
4	Come here every Sunday for my paper. Love to find the good name brand stuff too.
4	This 99 cent only store has everything you will find at other dollar stores plus a excellent choice of fresh fruits and vegetables.  I am amazed that I can buy a decent bundle of fresh asparagus, fresh ginger, 6 oz bag of fresh spinach, 6 oz bag of fresh spring salad mix and much much more.  Some of the produce is ripe and will require immediate consumption but many of the other items have plenty of date on them.  They also carry a wide selection of spices for a dollar!  I know, I know some of you are thinking you'll die from eating this produce.  I have prepared meals for myself and family using their produce.  You should check it out for yourself, you may find you will save some major money on the 99 cent fresh fruits and veggies you find here.  I can't speak of the cooler and freezer items here, since I've made it a point to stop using processed foods as much as possible but you will find some here too.
4	I come here every sunday morning to pick up my sunday paper. I do a walk around  because I do end up finding good stuff. Name brand items for 99 cents. They also have good Halloween items and when Christmas comes around they actually have good decorations. I also find items there that I do see at a regular grocery store that may cost over 2 or 3 dollars. So I really like it here but in reality you cannot do your whole grocery shopping here. I see people load carts with stuff like its the end of the world. They end up spending over 100.00 on mostly generic stuff. Oh well. Cashiers here are cool.  This store is next to Central King Eggroll.
3	Is a typical 99 cents only store.   Found a bunch of garbage amongst things you just "gotta have."  They don't take coupons either.   Bummer.   They do now sell gallons of milk though as well as cases of water.  Of course costs more than 99 cents.
