5	I enjoy supporting local businesses.  Commonwealth Press is no exception.  A friend bought me one of their Pirates inspired shirts for Christmas and I've resisted the urge to stop by the shop too often because I want to buy all of their t-shirts every time I'm there.  They are uniquely clever with a Pittsburgh flavor.  Some refer to our sports heroes (and losers), some reference our neighborhoods while others just display sayings or pictures that can only be described as Pittsburgh.  I bought what I'm calling the list of bridges shirt that I will proudly wear, both here when I'm out and about but mostly when I'm out of town.  Commonwealth Press also does custom screen printing, too.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  I'll be back for more t-shirts soon.
4	If you are looking to find the latest Pittsburgh sports shirts, this is it. If you are looking for the Pirates "Zoltan" shirt (the two hands making a Z), this is the place. They have a great selection of shirts, but right now the "Zoltan" shirts are selling like hot cakes. The shirts are $15 and they could definitely be selling them more expensive. Commonwealth Press starts trends (including starting the "Zoltan" shirts) and has a great friendly staff.
2	Alright, first off I have been coming here to get their cool unique shirts ever since they first opened and were just an unknown store with just a screen print machine in the middle of their store's floor.  Therefore, I did not at all appreciate the attitude of the girl who was in the store (supposed to be waiting on me).  I had to at least give them an extra star because even if they do have miserable people working the floor they do have unique Pittsburgh shirts.I needed to try on a size, and she just pointed to their sample sizes and did not lead me to anywhere.  So, I just walked into the bathroom.  Then as I walked out after being satisfied, she just stood there after I told her I was good with the medium.  I was actually confused as to if she even worked there because she did not even seem like she was interested in ringing up my purchase.  I guess when stores get big they allow their original and loyal customers to leave feeling frustrated and annoyed after being treated like I wasn't worthy of even looking at their "famous" Zoltan shirt.  Looking back, part of me just wants to return the stupid thing.
5	My love for T-shirts has been restored.  Once upon a time I had a huge collection of quirky shirts and then noticed how un-unique they were starting to become.  Then one glorious day I found Commonwealth Press while walking Carson Street on the SouthSide.To say I was overwhelmed is an understatement.  I stood there in their shop alternating between the shelves trying my hardest to decide what Pittsburgh themed shirt I wanted more.  It seriously took me a half hour to figure out which one was more appealing to me.  In the end I decided they were all equally to my standards.  I just have to go back multiple times to be able to buy each one I want.  Or, for my convenience, just order them online.The staff in the shop were very polite and knowledgeable about their clothing and didn't hesitate to help me when it came to sizing.  The girl manning the store at that time was very enthusiastic about the particular shirt I picked out and so excited that I chose it that it made me feel that I was buying it for her and not me.  I was happy to see that they represent more than just Pittsburgh too and kind of branch out to western PA as well.  Also there are shirts there that are aimed at helping raise money for certain causes.  Some shirts have a little blurb to explain the meaning behind the shirts, or just ask and the staff are happy to tell you.I truly hope that if you have a yearning for a Pittsburgh themed shirt you stop in here.  It's a must.
5	I cannot speak highly enough of this local business.After attending two events at their place, one in their warehouse in South Side and one at their storefront, I found myself a huge fan. I am not originally from Pittsburgh and just moved here a couple of years ago so I can't get into all of the Steelers gear. I do love a couple of their Pittsburgh shirts, however, and can't wait to see what they come out with next.The owners, a husband and wife power couple, are extremely friendly. They are the type of people who will sit there and talk to you about their operation, and are up for answering any questions about their process you may have. Commonwealth Press gets "2 thumbs, way way up there."
5	This place is fantastic!  Fun, unique and witty Pittsburgh themed shirts at affordable prices.  A lot of times you see specialty shirts like this costing $20-$25, but theirs are only $15 each.  The selection of designs and sizes is also fantastic.  Many of the styles come up to a 5X which is unheard of in most other places.  The owner is very friendly and enjoys talking about the designs and process.Well worth the visit.  I know I'll be back!
5	Love them! Love the vibe, love the Pittsburgh pride, love the merch! Here's the dealio. You can find great ironic sports apparel. I love that they were the ones that took the Zoltan symbol and made it blow up in the Burgh. Two simple hands make a big statement! I also thought it was funny that they have a black Tee that just has a gold "Sports" on it. Pittsburghers are so crazy for their sports it doesn't even matter what it says, just as long as it's black and gold, they'll wear it! If you're thinking of something to get the person that has everything and loves this city, this is your spot too! I really like the city neighborhood Tee. It shows every single hood in our fine city, which there are A LOT of. They sell online, so it's perfect if you're buying for someone out of town. And maybe throw in an item for yourself too!
5	This is a great place to go if you want to experience some genuine, Pittsburgh culture. Their merchandise is great quality and is covered in all sorts of Pittsburgh (ese) colloquialisms and artwork.  Steelers fans will feel right at home here!Also, the staff is very friendly and accommodating and the owner is a real people person. Check this place out!
5	I buy my Pittsburgh shirts here - I now live out in California - and I have placed 2 custom orders for shirts - and their service, quality and price is so good that I continue to do business with them from across the country. Do yourself a favor and make it easy on yourself and deal with custom made shirts from Commonwealth Press.    I say this all because I have dealt with other company's where I received horrible quality of art and of shirt quality and when that happens - it makes me look bad to the people that I am selling the shirts too.  So I trust my reputation with them!
5	I love this place! Great price for shirts and other things that only true Pittsburghers would understand.  The staff is always awesome and welcoming...as I said, it's somewhere I stop every time I'm in town, even if just to look at the new shirts and fun things they have.If you are from Pittsburgh and you want to support local businesses, then go here!
5	Have about 7 shirts made by these guys (mostly band shirts) and they always do really good work. Only think I regret is never getting a Prospects shirt in my size, since it's been retired. Picked up a Sebek is my Homeboy shirt and will proudly wear it in the west next week.
4	I've been visiting Commonwealth press for some time now and never really thought twice to write a review-until now so......if you have a love of t-shirts and/or (particularly and) Pittsburgh sports (or just have mucho Pittsburgh pride in general), do yourself a favor and buy one of the many unique t-shirts they have. Most recently, I bought a t-shirt that had the old 3 rivers stadium on it (nostalgia anyone?), and thye had a similar one with the old civic arena on it as well. They have a small dressing room where you can try on stuff which is convenient. Also, any of these shirts would make a great gift for someone who has that same Pittsburgh pride factor going on. Staff has always been friendly and helpful with finding specific items we were looking for. Highly recommend popping in the next time you find yourself in the south side!
