3	Stopped by brews brothers.   The beer selection is great!   On the negative side,  the place is very loud!  Deafeningly loud.  They need to do something to deaden the sound.   Also bright as day at 8 pm. Way too bright.   Good for beer,  not good for atmosphere.
2	Been in Brews Brothers twice since they opened. The first time I was in a hurry and thought I'd grab a quick burger. After sitting there for over 5 minutes without even a hello or eye contact from the 4 people working there, I decided to go get a sandwich next door. They weren't all that busy and there were 2 empty tables besides mine.Figuring they were new and it was just growing pains I stopped by at 1:00PM today. The first thing I noticed was the smell of fryer oil, strong used fryer oil. Since the fryers are near the back I once again gave them the benefit of the doubt.This time I sat at the bar and was eventually greeted, although one bartender looked at me twice without saying anything. I asked what sodas they had and the response was "All of them". They serve soda by the can ($1.00) and they have both Coke and Pepsi products. I would have loved to have taken advantage of their decent draught selection, but I can't have alcohol at lunch where I work.The menu is burgers and only burgers. You can get a brat patty on your burger, but it has to be a burger. Encouraged by the fact they say they use local meat, I gave it a shot. I got the basic cheese burger with cheddar. An interesting twist on their fries is that they offer 4 or 5 different seasonings for them. I decided to try the parmesan garlic. At $5.60 for the burger and $2.50 for the fries, this could have been a great bargain. Unfortunately at this establishment you get what you pay for. The burger itself was seasoned and cooked well however the bun they served it on reminded me of the cheap buns one used to get from the now defunct Wonder Bread outlet stores. It may have been nicely toasted, but there's only so much you can do to enhance something like that. The end result, a bun that barely holds together and gives the entire burger a mealy mushy mouth feel. The fries were really disappointing too. They're a hand cut style fry similar to the ones used at a place like Five Guys. Unfortunately they were woefully undercooked and some were stuck together in clumps of 2-4 fries, so the centers were basically raw. The seasoning didn't help much either. Very bland, almost like one of those flavored popcorn seasonings.As I was finishing up, I noticed that they were in the middle of changing their fryer grease. When I was walking out, one of the cooks was toting an uncovered 5 gallon bucket of waste oil to the dumpsters out back.The worst part of the experience is, now that I'm back in my office, I realize my sweater and hair smell like used fryer oil. I was only in the place 45 minutes, but I smell like a grease trap.It looks like this is the second location in WI for this company, the first being in Weston, WI (near Wausau). This formula may work up there, but here in Madison there are an awful lot of places with extensive draught lists. Without a great burger, great fries, or something special catering to the lunch crowd at the nearby businesses, they're going to have a tough go. If they're still around in a year I might try them again, but I certainly won't be back soon.
5	We walked in an were immediately greeted by the bartender, and directed to sit wherever we would like. Sunday, 1pm, so lot's of football games on the flat screen TV's. Nice big windows, so lots of natural light in the place. And WOW, what an amazing beer selection!! More than 50 taps! Plus 1919 Rootbeer on tap - I got a 20 ouncer, no ice. Very yummy. Not sure why the previous reviewer didn't see this on the menu when he was complaining about not having any options besides beer. Also quite perplexed why the previous reviewer was hating on the burgers. Ours were fantastic!! The hubby got the blue cheese and bacon burger - he was quite impressed. Perfectly cooked, not too much chz - just right, so that you can still taste the burger. I got the veggie burger, California style with guacamole and roasted red pepper sauce. Really good!! It was a black bean burger - I think I saw some corn in it too. Nice and crispy on the outside of the patty, not too mushy inside like some bean burgers are. Both were on the same type of bun - old school, nice soft, melt in your mouth variety, which we thought worked perfectly with our burgers. Very impressive to watch the cooks grab potatoes right in front of us, and cut them to order! We got an order of fries (salt and pepper), and chips (parmesan garlic) - both were super yummy. The fries were our favorite. They have a number of flavorings options, but they are just powdered spice mixes - tasty, but we preferred the straight up salt n pepper. Someone called in and ordered three California burger , fries and chips for takeout while we were there - happy to note that they didn't pack them in styrofoam! Foil and paper bags. We don't just hand out 5 star reviews, but can't think of one negative thing to say. Staff was super friendly and helpful, ambiance pleasant, food fantastic, and the beer selection out of this world. Plus, close to home and not too crowded (YET, until the word gets out!). We will DEFINITELY be back.
5	Awesome craft beers on tap and burgers at Brews Brothers! Fortunately walking distance to my house. 48 on tap!
4	Burgers are good and the fries selection is okay. What you really should be coming here for is the 40 beers on tap that they change out regularly. Service is good and the owners are really nice.
4	Great beer selection. Good burgers. French fries cut to order if that's your thing. I like mine a bit crispier. Location opening closer to me in verona this year and I'll be a regular for the beer and burgers. Their expansion plan is ambitious to say the least
4	Came here tonight with my boyfriend for the first time. They only have fries and burgers, which was a little disappointing, but what can you expect when you come to a bar/pub?! Regardless, the burger I ordered was very good. The beer selection was excellent - several to choose from! Ayme was our waitress and she provided nothing but excellent opinions on beers! If you like blonde beer try the lips of faith by cigar city, and for darker beer drinkers try Tyranena Rockys Revenge. Decently priced! A flight of four beers (your choice) of seven ounces for only $8 is a steal, and the beers are great! Toward the end of the night they got short staffed so service took longer than usual, but I understand things come up!Would highly recommend!
4	I'll be back.  This is a bar, they have a ton of beer. 48+ taps.  It is the sole reason you should go to this place.  Got a burger, it was decent, bar food type burger-nothing fancy.$3.50 pints during happy hour is amazing.However...It is brighter than the sun in that place, turn your lights down.My clothes kind of smell like fry oil.  Does this place have ventilation?I will be back, most likely for happy hour.  A couple beers and a burger are a very good bargain here.
4	A welcome addition to the neighborhood. These guys know their niche and execute it well. 48 taps ranging from root beer and hard cider to a full selection of beers light to dark. National brands and a nice selection of local craft brews. Nice selection of burgers. Tried the California Burger, awesome but a bit messy! Love that they season the fries and homemade chips. Open kitchen so if you want to watch your food being made sit at the bar. Just watch out as parking can be a bit tight.
4	I have to say that this is probably one of my favorite spots now! So here is the thing that everybody needs to know about Brews Brothers or what I want you to know... When you think of Brew Brothers, don't think gourmet meal or anything. Think, awesome burger and great beer with your friends after work and just letting the aches and pains of the day run through you like your 20oz beer does. Now for Wisconsinites, here is why it is fantastic; BEER. Beer, beer and more beer. There are so many beer choices and GOOD beer choices that it takes me literally 5-10 minutes to decide. It's cheap, plentiful, and delicious and there is a beer there for everybody (including cider for those not bold enough). The food is better than I expected and REALLY good for a place, that I like to call, "a dive-chain." What do you mean Colin?! You're not making any sense! Well I mean, Brews Brothers is in fact a chain. It's not a LARGE chain, with only two locations, but in the sense of the word it is. Now the reason I call it a dive-chain is because it really isn't taking itself too seriously. They really make you feel hey, grab a couple beers, have a burger, laugh with your friends, and we'll see you next week. They exhibit their beers in front of you as you walk up to the bar as if it were a museum or parade of beer and it is something to be marveled at. So many beer taps striving for your attention. The greasy smell of burgers attacking your nose urging you to have one. It is simply a relaxing place to go. Staff? INCREDIBLY friendly and really make you feel like a regular. Now for those who know my posts etc. They know I love it when a place makes you feel as though you've never left and thats exactly how they make you feel. Now I REALLY really want to give this 5 stars but there are two big things that are nagging me. The first is the location, it is in sort of an odd place which is in between a sub shop and salad shop with a Yoga studio upstairs in a strip mall. It would be great if they were lucky enough to have a stand alone building but, such is life. The second is that I feel in this age and in Madison, even a beer bar needs to offer some liquor. I have had friends join me at this wonderful spot to be really disappointed that they didn't offer any sort of liquor. They settled for cider (simply because they don't drink beer) which is crazy to most but I understood it.\Simply put by their own slogan (on the back of their shirts, and yes, one that I bought...) "Brews Brothers: Where good people drink good beer"
5	As a lover of beer, this is a perfect place.  There are 47 different beers on tap and they do free samples of a few for you!!  Food was pretty good, you can watch your fries come from a potato, which means they can't be much more fresh.  Good service, and a nice atmosphere!!  I will return!  Oh and they have a loyalty program, which means I have an extra incentive to come back!!
3	Visited 2/13/14 for drinks with coworkers. Didn't grab food, but saw plenty of it heading to happy patron's tables.+ Great atmosphere - dark wood, TONS of bar space, plenty of high-tops- Quite chilly inside+ Lots of televisions for game watching+ Excellent bathroom (clean, nice)+ Great beer selection; there's sure to be something for everyone+ "Kill the keg" special pricing+ Decent happy hour specials- Taps seem to have pressurization problem; every single tap pour was super foamy; bartenders really struggled with getting pours- Service was pokey as a resultVery pleased with this place. I hope they get the tap delivery system dialed-in soon, because given the selection of brews and the general vibe of the place, I could see myself spending a lot of time here. It's great to have an alternative to Eno Vino in the area.
5	Revisited earlier today with a friend - we had a few brews, appetizers, and food.+ The tap line pressure problem is FIXED! Perfect pours every time.+ Super friendly staff - the bartenders were fantastic & super personable+ Tap list continues to change and evolve; it was significantly different from my last visit+ The food was excellent+ Pub grub hit the spot - bacon, cheese, house made chips, scallions... yummo+ Weston burger (homage to the home base) was stellar - really excellent+ Sweet potato fries had excellent sweet potato flavor and were perfectly cooked+ Sun's up burger was unreal+ Happy hour offers an incredible deal
3	i've worked in the service industry for years, i started coctailing when i was 17 at a restruant/bar at Pier 39 ...so let me tell you, the waitress that served us the night we went IS GOING TO KILL THIS PLACE!  SHE IS GOING TO MAKE PEOPLE LIKE ME NEVER COME BACK. not being a huge beer consumer, and new to wisconsin, we were not sure which beer to order, but excited to try something new.  So what do you do when you don't know what to order; you ask the waiter/waitress what they recommend. so we did. and guess what she said...and i am not joking, "i'm not even 21, i don't know"- not  well whats popular is .....blah blah blah, or our biggest seller of IPA is....or if you like sweet try our cider or whatever. OMG you are WORKING AT A PLACE CALLED" BREW BROTHERS"!! a place that has a gazillon beers on tap. the beer menu is more extensive than the burger menu! LEARN IT!  GIVE A BETTER ANSWER. also, she never came back to our table to ask if we wanted more water or more beer. hello! UPSALE! it's your job to make money for the owner and make an awesome tip by keeping the customer full and happy.  as for the burger:the burger was good, home made patty on sweet hawaiian bread. yum. wouldn't say it was amazing..but it was really good. this place is more straight burgers and fries. their menu isn't extensive, but what they do offer is pretty good.so i shared my feedback w/ the friend that recommended me to this place (she's been there 2ce) and told her about the waitress that was completely unhelpful, and she said that the first time she went, she had a great waitress that knew her beer, and the second time she went, sounds like she had the same waitress i had because she said the same line was used "I'm not 21 years old, i don't know". -unacceptable. i wanted to call the manager..but i figured if they care about their NEW business, they'll start reading the reviews on yelp. at least you can only hope.
4	Pros: Good service, excellent draft beer selection, very tasty and fresh burgers and fries, several TVsCons: Burger patties are quite small (4.5 oz, too small for the bun they're served in), Beer prices are high ($7.00 for a 16 oz Satisfaction Jacksin) and they make no attempt to inform the customer of the varying prices on their draft list, Food selection is extremely limited (almost exclusively burgers and fries, no dessert options), Nothing to indicate the seating policy (is it seat yourself, or wait to be seated? Hint: it's the former.)Overall, we enjoyed our visit. While my "cons" list is longer than my "pros" list, I weight the "pros" more heavily. Hence the four-star rating. We will be back.
4	Little bit busy, but was well taken care of.  Beer selection was great, bartender complemented every selection. Only problem was it is a burger place too, and too much bun for the burger.  Bun bites are bad. Give me more meat.
3	A lot of the Yelp reviews seemed to center around poor or slow service, so I sat at the bar to up my chances of getting good service.  I had a very friendly waitress who let me try 2 of their beers, since the number of choices is a little overwhelming.  The menu is pretty small and all burgers (no wraps, no salads, no appetizers), but it also works in your favor because the food arrives quickly.  I got the All-American burger with pepper jack cheese & fries.  The food is competently prepared, but nothing to get excited about.  However, if you are looking for some beer & a decent meal for less than $10, this might be your place.
4	The 2 for 1 burger coupon brought us in. The delicious burgers and fries will bring us back! Burgers are all served a la carte at about $6 to $7 dollars each. My husband ordered a basic cheeseburger and was singing it's praises until he tried mine- the weekly special Kentucky Bourbon burger, which he declared blew his cheeseburger out of the water. SO FLAVORFUL! Brews Brothers- make this one a full time menu item!!We ordered the family size fries to split ($4.99) and the portion was more than enough for two people. Fries are FRESH- you can watch the cooks cut up the potatoes! We added a cup of beer cheese sauce for dipping- YUM! The variety of beers on tap was great- but we both agreed that there wasn't anything TOO unique (but since the tap seems to change frequently, I'm looking forward to seeing an updated list next time we visit). We were in on a Friday night, and it was nearly a full house. But we ordered and had our food within 10 minutes or less! One thing I will mention is that we were dining with our 3 month old baby and brought her in in her car seat (Hey- new parents need to get out every once in awhile!). There is only one "regular" table. The rest of the seating is high top tables and at the bar. So not necessarily baby, kid or wheelchair friendly. We'll definitely be back- but will likely arrange a babysitter, or come on a less busy weeknight.
1	I was excited to see the sign go up for this place right near my house!  Read about it online and saw a huge selection of craft tap beer (awesome) and we love a great bar burger.  Again the location is great for me, but after one experience we will never be going back!  We went on a Friday evening, about 8:30pm and grabbed a table.  After staring at the wall of beers on tap and feeling a bit overwhelmed, I asked our waitress about a few that I'd never seen (namely Goose Island's Ten Hills), to which she replied "I really don't know anything about that beer".  No biggie, so I tried another, same response,  Usually at a bar in Wisconsin, they generously offer a sample to you...not her.  Just stared blank faced...awesome start!  So I asked for a sample of the Goose Island, which she brought.  I liked it and ordered a full size glass....which came and was not even the same beer.  Luckily I still had the sampler at the table, which was a slightly cloudy pale ale, and my new beer was a rich toned amber.  She insisted they were the same...again, ridiculous from a beer bar.My husband, being a dark beer lover, ordered an oatmeal stout.  The glass came and was literally over 50% foam....the worst beer pour ever, none the less from a "brews" bars.  Laughable, he took it up to the bar and the other waitress shook her head (clearly realizing the issue) and poured him a new one.  He re-ordered the same beer and again, a cup-o-foam was brought to the table.  On a tip from the neighboring table, we didn't order food!  There are PLENTY of fantastic local pubs nearby....drive past this place and go to the Village Green or Free House Pub in Middleton!!!!!!!!!
5	Been there a few times and will keep comin back! Huge beer list, Best fresh cut fries, Awesome burgers!!!
5	Contrary to other reviews, my food came out quite fast. Service was great. Good beer selection and the burger was great. I'll be back for sure. I had the California burger and cajun seasoned chips. I would recommend this to anyone. The menu isn't very big, but it doesn't need to be. They are good at what they do.
4	Had take foe here a fee weeks ago. Burger was great. Bun was fresh and meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Fries on the other had were a different story. I had the fresh cut fries and they were undercooked to my likening. Next time I go back ill either order the shoestring fries or get the fresh cut ones again but request they be cooked well done.
3	I wasn't really impressed with the food. The burger was really dry and the special sauce overpowered and flavor that was there. If all you do is burgers then they should be awesome. The reason I still gave it 3 stars is because the tap beer selection is great! You can't always find a good beer on tap, which is how I prefer my beer served, so you usually end up with a bottle...not the same. So I will go back for a beer now and then but I will avoid the food, it's not worth it.
4	I wasn't sure what to think when we walked in but the longer we hung out the more I really liked this place! Ive never seen so many beer options in one place.  I had a delicious cheeseburger and a yummy beer.  Quick service with a really friendly bartender.  Curious to see what type of crowd they draw on a Saturday night.
3	If you have any interest in beer you have to give this place a chance... the tap beer selection is extensive, I would say 50 different types of beer.  Prices range anywhere from $5 to 9 bucks depending on selection and size(pint or 20oz). Their happy hour seems like a good deal, all pints $3.50 from 4-7. Don't know about any happy hour food deals. My guest and I both ordered burgers...average sums up the food. Everything is fresh from the fresh cut fries or chips to the burger. I asked for a medium cooked burger...you know pink...when it came out I could tell it was not medium. After a few bites...yea it's well done. I'm going to check this place out for happy hour for sure....as for the food they might get one more chance, there's better places for burgers(see: tony franks) in madison in my opinion.
3	Just ok. Lots of beer to choose from. Burgers to small for the bun size. Sides were good. Price was fair. Service was just ok. Will add more later ...
4	Used to go to the Blue Moon for delicious burgers but our last few visits have been average at best and have caused us to find a new burger joint.  There's a Brews Brothers coming to Verona, where we live, so tried the one on Junction to get a preview.  It was delicious!  I had the Slaw and BBQ burgers, which is normally not my thing, but the flavors sounded good.  And my husband had the Kentucky Bourbon.  Both of our burgers were full of flavor and cook perfectly...not too overdone.  Quality of the meat was very good.  We ordered both the cut fries (w/o seasoning) and the The handcut chips (with the Parmesan and garlic seasoning) and both were really good.  I'd recommend the parmesan and garlic season.  Service was friendly and fast.  I am not a beer fan so I just had the Sprecher's on tap which was creamy and yummy as always.  My husband is particular about his beer and although he opted out this time around, he mentioned a couple he wanted to try on our next visit.  Because, we will be back!
5	Wow the selection of beers on tap is amazing. They got the classics like spotted cow and leinenkugels and ur major brewers but then they got soooo many others! There burgers are great too obviously cuz it's a burger joint. Had the Kentucky bourbon burger or something like that. Was outstanding. Definitely need to go back to try more beers and burgers. Atmosphere was great and waitstaff was attentive. Try it!
5	Decided to try Brews Brothers after hearing rave reviews among my coworkers. My expectations were surpassed !! The selection of 48 beers is incredible. The staff was knowledgeable in providing suggestions on selecting a brew from the many choices. The Rajun' Cajun burger with fresh cut fries was my dining selection. It was the most flavorful, juicy burger I've ever tasted! The fries were delicious - perfectly cooked and seasoned. I was also very pleased with the quick service and friendly staff. The atmosphere is enjoyable and my overall experience has me anxious to go back!! With Verona opening soon and an outdoor patio coming to Junction Rd it will definitely be my go to place.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in on a Saturday evening.I ordered the Rajun Cajun Burger substituted the pepper jack with the habenero jack and a side of amazing sweet potato fries.If you want spicy be sure to order it with jalapenos. It was good but messy.My boyfriend ordered the Slaw Burger which was pretty good as well.The waitress/bartender in the blue shirt appeared very exhausted and did not smile much.The waitress/bartender in the purple shirt was professional, friendly and very helpful.I love the set up and atmosphere. Casual bar restaurant, classy yet family-friendly.We'll definitely be back to try all the menu items!***The buns could definitely be better.
5	Excellent food and beer. I travel all over and this is a top side of the burgers I've had
2	Went here last night with for supper and was pretty unimpressed. The pros were the huge beer selection, the cleanliness of the restaurant, and the "Pub Grub" which was amazingly addictive. But all of this was far outweighed by the cons.We sat at the bar, and the first thing I noticed was the kitchen staff opening a huge bag of pre-cut frozen french fries. Right off the bat I was a little unsettled at the fact that the cooks making my food didn't know how to cut potatoes. The lack of ability in the kitchen might have been an explanation for the redundancy in the menu. I know this is a burger joint, I wasn't expecting much more than burgers, but I didn't know it was also a barbecue place. Almost all of their burgers had BBQ sauce on them which was really unappealing and boring.The bartender seemed to have an issue with favoritism of customers. The guys sitting next to us must have been her friends, as I overheard them chatting about her upcoming vacation plans while she was ignoring my boyfriend and I. When she finally did take our order, she must have not been too concerned about paying attention to the simplest of details, such as there were two of us there. Our order came out with just the Pub Grub and one burger. She said something about a button missing on the computer, so they didn't make my burger. This might have been an acceptable excuse if we weren't sitting within arms reach of the open kitchen. Couldn't she have just told them to make my burger? When I finally did get the burger it was really unimpressive. I can't think of any other way to describe it than lame. Thank goodness for the Pub Grub, or I would have gone home hungry.
5	Great food and tons of beer options.  A must stop. The service was first rate and great music.
4	I stopped in for lunch to check the place out. Have driven by several times and never had the chance to sit in until today. It was quiet due to being Monday. First impression- very clean! Also, a ton of beer taps with a very wide selection and variety. Food menu was a bit shallow. Diversity of burgers but not much else to speak of. Wasn't surprised... went there to get a burger and a beer. I got the California burger and it was super tasty! The fries left something to be desired. I've had tastier potato chips. Staff were very friendly! Will drop in again.
3	Pleasant staff average tasting burgers with a large beer selection. Nothing more nothing less.
3	The place trys harder than the rest when it comes to beer selection, some very wide ranging brews across the library of beer. Also the cajin burger was very good.
1	This isn't as much a review as it is a Why Bother. We were excited to go and the place is open late - serves until midnight. But alas no stars because the menu says all burgers are cooked to 170 degrees or medium well. When I inquired as to whether we get the burgers cooked any other way the server said "no, they are cooked on an automatic grill". Oh and they don't have a full bar. Why would you have a burger joint that uses locally sourced beef and then only offer it cooked to 170 degrees. It sort of reminds me of airport food. $8 Hamburger - well done.  We drove across the street to Madison's best and most reliable late night spot - Eno Vino. Not a burger joint- but they always get it right. I concede this is an un-review. Unless you like your burgers "medium well" this isn't the place for you. I'm sort of baffled by this policy - have confidence in your purveyors and serve a great burger the way the customer wants it. The 170 degree policy and the automatic meat cooker is a red flag as it relates to food quality and staffs ability as it relates to food safety. So in reality this is a No-Star review. We didn't eat there. But there is no way to post without at least one star. Yelp needs a category for we were interested, but not that interested.
1	I went for dinner on a Sunday night.  The atmosphere was great, the crowd was great, the tables were clean, and the food was good.  I had the mac and cheese burger and my companion had the Sun's Up burger (the one with the egg).  Our meals were quickly delivered to the table and delicious.  The first impression of our server was that she was a nice person.  It was disturbing that we heard her address other patrons as sir and ma'am and used a formal and professional voice.  When she spoke at our table she changed her voice (tone and inflection) to sound more "black" and used popular slang terminology.  We were blatantly treated differently.  I did not want to drink more than one beer and the server called me a wet rag, no fun, and rudely chided me for choosing to drink less.  My companion ordered a drink and was told "we kicked that off last night", we were unfamiliar with this term and the server rudely explained that it meant they were out, then said "no mas, do you understand when I say it like that?"  The company webpage said all food was 10% off on Sundays, but that was not reflected on our bill.  The food, cleanliness and atmosphere were stellar.  But our server really ruined the experience.
5	Stopped in this great pub tonight.  Holy cow there were 48 diff beers on tap.  My husband and I dont really drink beer but the bartender was great.  He let us try some samples.  We decided to order food.  The menu was small but had a great choice of burgers.  I had a Sunny side up.  Fried egg on it.  I loved it.  It was perfect.  My husband had a Kentucky Bourbon burger.  He loved it as well.
5	I went and this was my first time I wanted a basic turkey cheese burger however their turkey burger option was more unique. I asked the waitress if I could have the classic cheeseburger but with turkey and they could.  I was amazed how tasty it was.  I was surely not disappointed it was so delicious.  The pun grub chips were amazing as well.  I highly recommend
5	I am a sucker for a bar with great taps and a laid-back atmosphere. Even though it's in a new strip mall, it's still got a bit of character and a good bar keep. Two mugs up.
5	Stopped in while I was in town for business, what a great place!!! Bartenders were great, knew there beer, and cooks, if they weren't cooking the best burger I ever tasted, they were cleaning the kitchen till it was spotless!  I highly recommend stopping in if your in the area!
3	Tried the California burger, it was good.  The fries can have added seasoning.  I added Parmesan Garlic.  Lots on tap, I don't think any tap repeats itself so if you want variety for beer, here's where it's at.
3	The Food was okay.  It's a bar.  It's better if you are a beer drinker.  I am not a beer drinker.   I had a black bean burger,  it was most likely a morningstar farms one.   Does that constitute a 1.99 additional charge?  I'm not sure.  The service was spotty, but at least we got a refill on the drinks when our check got dropped off.
3	I want to love this place. But, I just can't.  I felt like they were a mediocre burger place with a great beer list.When I walked in, I just stood there. As a first time patron, I had no idea that I was supposed to seat myself. There is no giving you an indication of this "seat yourself" policy. I found a table, but it had no menus. At first I did not find this strange until I realized that all of the other tables had menus. When you re set a table, ensuring it has menus is important. I ordered the bruschetta and pesto burger which was delicious!  However, the size?  5 oz. for $7.59 with no size. There was nothing about this burger that made up for the price. It was tasty but small. Sides are extra. The options are fresh cut fries, shoe string fries or sweet potato fries. After you add a side of fries to a burger, you are looking at a $10 meal. That is a little crazy for what you get.My dinner companion ordered the mac and cheese with bacon burger. The components were delicious (of course I sneaked a bite), but the burger itself was not great as a whole. It was dry. Maybe a cheese sauce would have helped?  The beer menu is HUGE. There are a ton of great brews to try but otherwise, this place is just ok.
4	Good beer, good food, good service.  I always believe those are the pillars to a good restaurant experience and Brews Brothers hits the mark on all three.  I've been there several times over the last six months and each visit was a pleasant time.They have an excellent selection of tap beers, with a good 5-10 of each variety and they change them often.  I recommend getting one of their flights; they're only $10 for four reasonably sized beers.  From chocolate porters, to dogfish ipas, to belgian ales, you'll find your favorites and probably enjoy sampling stuff outside of your comfort zone.  They have a brews brothers loyalty program too so you can get points towards freebies down the road.The food choices desperately need to be expanded and improved upon, but I will give them credit in a few areas.  The potato chips are freshly skinned and seasoned, giving them a nice mixture of chewiness and crunchiness as you work your way through the basket.  The burgers are delicious, they use fresh meat from Knoche's which is a local butcher shop that has been in Madison since I was a kid and is well known for their quality.  I like that Brews Brothers gets creative here, with offerings such as jalapenos and cream cheese, cajun seasonings, slaw and bbq, and various forms of scrumptious bacon.  I think if you're getting some food, I'd recommend the burgers most of all.  Besides that, there isn't much else you even can get, aside from the pub grub which is popular but not my favorite.  It's chips with a ton of extras thrown haphazardly in the mix, almost like a loaded nachos plate.  But don't take my qualms into it if that's usually your jam, as I seem to be alone in that opinion.Our service has routinely been friendly, welcoming us as we walk in and all happy smiles.  We've had several long conversations with staff and bartenders and they made us feel right at home with a nice down to earth attitude.  That's huge to me, I don't think you can get that kind of service at many places and it's one of the reasons Brews Brothers has quickly grown to be one of my frequent kick-back spots in Madison.  Just a great place to have a few beers, TVs to watch sports or shows, etc.  Prices are incredibly reasonable too for just about anything on the menu, usually $10 or less.My only gripes are the menu selections I mentioned, the atmosphere, and the newer servers.  We went once or twice where the person serving didn't seem to be too aware of what was available or attentative, but it was very busy with a big sports game going on and I think the server was both new and overwhelmed.  Easily something that will improve over time and far from the norm.  The atmosphere is just a big room with TVs and tables, not a lot of decor or things to look at.  Almost feels like a spruced up room in a house somewhere.  But, where they lack in that area they make up for it everywhere else and I imagine as they get on their feet this will also improve.Highly recommend a visit.  Just think of that long work day where you need a cold one after and some relaxation time and Brews Brothers (Mr. Brews) has got you covered
3	First off, Excellent Beer selection, always changing over 40 drafts. Very good beer selection. Bartender is very nice and let us try numerous beers free charge. All positive on the beer front. The 3 stars is because of the approach to the food. First time I went there I asked "Do fries come with the burger?" response: "Yes". Guess what, I was charged an additional $2.50 for fries and so was my partner. I thought maybe this was just a misunderstanding, people aren't trying to trick you are they.....? Next time I attended I wanted to see if they took the same approach, as I knew they charged separate for fries. Perhaps this is merely a play on sematics, however I feel it is a ploy to charge more for fries. Friend asks: "Does it come with Fries?", Waiter response: "It can".........translation: "Of course the burger can come with fries and of course we'll charge you for them. I'm not going to tell you them cost more unless you ask." Not sure about you all, but I like a place that isn't trying to hide anything with some lack of forthright language trickery. I'm sure I'll go back for some beers, but I'll steer clear of ordering food, just on principle. Plus the Burgers are $7.50 and Fries are $2.5. $10 for a average burger and fries is too pricy for me.
3	Beer and burgers, a little creative on the burgers. Fair selection of beers. What do you really want from a strip mall joint
4	This review is only for the food, as I had it for takeout that someone else ordered & picked up. I had the Kentucky Bourbon Classic with a veggie patty and fries. The burger really hit the spot for me, with a veggie patty that wasn't burned (a sadly common occurrence) and a sauce that reminds me very, very deeply of something I've had before but I cannot place for the life of me. It makes me want to try it again to figure out where I've had that particular flavor. I will say the $1.99 up charge for the veggie patty is a little steep, though - it appears to be pre-made, and tasty though it may be it's nothing special as far as ingredients or preparation go. The fries were good - nice and crispy with just enough salt; they're a better version of those that come from a certain golden-arched establishment. They offer both a side and a family-sized option and we went for the former. Brews Brothers (or now, it seems, Mr. Brew's Taphouse) definitely gave us enough fries to feed 2-4 people. Brews isn't going to be a revelatory experience, but I think it's a solid choice if you're seeking a burger and fries from a familiar, comfort food angle.
2	Service was good.  Beer selection was also good.  Food very bad.  Wife's burger was waay undercooked which is hard to understand since they use an "automatic grill" which cooks to medium well.  In short, stop in for a beer but skip the food.
5	Burger was great. The beer selection is incredible! Try the loaded potato chips too! the beer selection was awesome!!!!!!!!
5	Came in on a Sunday afternoon, so we sat right away and had our food pretty fast. We had the Kentucky thing and the jalapeno burgers, so good!!! We wish we lived closer because we would come back. The beer list is impressive, I felt awful for not ordering anything beer! Tell you friends about this place.
1	Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon service was friendly but our order of a California burger came out as regular cheeseburger and our fries were cold and soggy. Both of us said we would never be back.  Mediocre at best.
4	I've been here twice now and I can say that this place is a-o-kay!  I have only ordered the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and I have no complaints.  The location is in a busy strip  mall with other restaurants.  There is ample parking in the back which is great!  The service is standard, you are greeted upon walking in and can be seated at the bar or bar area.  They also have a very simple straightforward menu as it is a burger and fries joint.  I like the simplicity of this place.  I am looking forward to going and trying other things on the menu.
5	Yes, this place serves "bar" food, but it is GOOD bar food!I ate lunch here with my husband, and it was super tasty. The restaurant makes its own homemade, freshly cut fries, and gives you various spice options for your basket of fries. And they were delicious!I also ate a burger (cheeseburger with a turkey patty), which was super yummy.Beer lovers will be in heaven in this place. I'm not a beer lover, but I was still in heaven because of the food.I will be going back, and I would definitely recommend Brews Brothers.
