3	When I want jazz and nibbles with my cocktail, Snack 'n Blues fits the bill. The name of this place pretty much sums it up -  munchies and jazzy tunes.It's a little dark, dingy and far from posh, but it's got a lot going for it. For starters, they have live shows every now and then, and when they don't, the place is blasting jazz, blues and soul like no other place in town.The snacks play a key role here too. Chips, pretzels, popcorn, nuts and some salty bites I've never seen before are ready for you to scoop up by the bowl and bring to your table. Same goes for a variety of chocolate, candy and dried fruit. A great place to go when you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary.
3	Snacks and BluesSnacksandBlues.Snacks and Blues!Yes, there is a small table in the front of the bar with loads of yummy snacks, sweet and salty. Gummy bears, M&Ms, popcorn, pretzels. All in little cups/bowls. I don't think this would work in NY, I'd be scared of germs, BUT I'm in Canada! Popcorn in a random bowl, yes please!!The night I was there they played a video of Earth Wind and Fire live and the DJ was this uber tiny man who was really friendly. Anyways, all good catchy funky tunes all night. The good stuff that a true old school (read: old) DJ would know.It's a chilled out environment. Not fancy, but it's not a dive either. There are pool tables in the back too with loads of chill out tables in the front. I'd probably head back the next time I'm in town.
4	Excellent dive for hiding out and drinking with friends, playing pool, eating copious free snacks. Used to spend time here about a zillion years ago, came stumbling back recently when the savvy Angela M mentioned a new jam night with a revolving group of some of the best musicians around. Sundays, starts late, they pass the hat for the players. Come prepared to tip heavily to keep this great night alive.
4	This place is pretty awesome. If you are hanging out in the mile-end and want to meet a fun eclectic crowd and also indulge in some snacks this is the place to go! It just seems to be a mix of young and old ... bongo players and pool players and a nice place to talk to strangers and have a drink. I'd recommend starting the night at sparrow (a few doors north) and living the hipster life and then heading on over for those snacks and the funner vibe that snack and blues offers!
4	I love this place and consider it a must-stop whenever I'm in Montreal.  It's got good music, inexpensive drinks, free snacks, and is usually not too packed.  A great place to go and just hang out with friends.
5	The names is a great description in itself. The music is great played from old vinyl on a good sound system  by a friendly DJ. Bar services is good and quick. Beer and cider choices are decent.  The owner is usually hanging around the place and makes sure things are going well. Pool table in the back for added entertainment. Above all the best part is the free candy! The place has always been fairly empty when I go probably from its location further up St. Laurent.
4	This place is called Snack & Blues and they serve free snacks and excellent Blues. What more on this beautiful green earth could any woman or man want?
2	Wonderful bar to listen to blues but unfortunately the service is appalling. Not only was the bar tenders rude but our Long Island ice tea tasted terrible. Lastly, be sure to bring cash if you want to avoid outrageous ATM fees or the imposed 20$ minimum to pay by credit card. Always helps to know!
1	I have been here several times now. Yes they serve snacks, but it's communal snacks and who knows how many hands have reached into those bowls or how old the snacks are. The bathrooms are disgusting. I don't think the place has ever been cleaned. The service sucks...it's usually slow. But it's not just that. The bartenders, which are always female, are either flirting with the dudes and ignoring the ladies or judging you as soon as you walk up to the bar.  It seems like they determine what kind of service you will get based on how you look or if they arbitrarily like you or not. Well, evidently, they didn't like me (maybe I didn't have enough tattoos).  And now I don't like them and I will spend my money elsewhere.
4	Randomly came into this place just after midnight yesterday and hung out for a couple of hours. Really cool place, surprised I'd never seen it before. Just good drinks and random snacks and good music/vinyl playing over the speakers. And not too busy on a Saturday night which was awesome too. Will def return.
