5	The problem with most dry cleaners is they tend to be located in places where parking is difficult. However the great awesome thing about Four Seasons is they do pick up and delivery! I don't find them any more expensive than other places and they gave me 1/2 price off my first order. It was quite easy to sign up on their website. And when they returned the dry cleaning, they gave me a purple laundry bag for future pick ups. It was like magic! I put a bag of my clothes to be dry cleaned on my side porch before I went to bed and a couple days later I had clean clothes dropped off at my house!
2	This was the third drycleaner I used in Pittsburgh. Parking kind of stinks, they are expensive, and they do just a hairs job better then Footers. I won't be using them again either. Why is it so hard to find a cleaner who can press a shirt wtih out leaving creases in them?
2	I had pants hemmed here and, while the guy did a decent job (though they still ended up too long even though he pinned them while I had them on?) it was absurdly expensive and took A WEEK.  Come on now.
1	Upon the purchase of a Burberry trench coat (worth $1500), I took the time to search for a reputable dry cleaner.  Four Seasons was expensive, but their claim was that they specialized in high-end dry cleaning, even noting several top names, including Burberry.With a staff person, we went over where there were a few ink stains (the coat was a consignment find), and all buttons, openings, flaps, etc.  The bill came to $30, and I was charged for each individual belt and the jacket lining separately.I returned to pick up the coat, and one of the prominent front buttons was cracked and half missing.  Waiting for an explanation as to what we both saw, I received none.  When I asked as to why the button was cracked, I was directed to a small sign stating that they wern't responsible for missing or cracked buttons.  I argued that we'd gone over the coat together, nothing was cracked or missing initially, that it was caused in the process.  Again I was directed to the small sign, this time I was offered that they could "repair the button" by using a extra button on the jacket that was hidden - but they didn't offer to fix their own mistake for free.  Infuriated, I left.In summary, Four Seasons does not stand by their work, nor do they take responsibility for their mistakes.  They are not a high quality dry cleaners, merely an elegant storefront.  Take your business to a local dry cleaners that does a better job - the one I found is the New Oakland Tailor on Meyran Ave in Oakland.
4	Seems my review differs from many of the earlier ones from previous years. I needed a suit pressed and a shirt laundered and pressed. Suit came back nice and proper. Shirt came back clean and pressed, without those "pressing lines" that some other places leave. Honestly, I'm so tired of getting garments backed with cracked buttons and such that any place that doesn't do that is good in my book. Minus one star for price; it's a tad high.
4	I dropped off two pairs of jeans and a shirt to be altered.  The jeans were too long so I wanted them hemmed.  The shirt had buttons on the cuffs that fell off.  I got them back a week later - it seems like they have a lot of people coming in everyday.The tailoring for the jeans was very good - I don't notice the seams at all yay.  They ask you what inseam length you want it to be, and if you don't know, you can always try on your pants on-site and ask the tailor to pin it for you.  However, I think they left this weird stain on my shirt - and I don't know how it got there.  Overall, the pieces of clothing cost me $27, which seemed a little high.  (Those two factors contribute to the -1 star) But they're really close to CMU (where I go to school) so I guess I'm paying for the convenience.  Overall though, they do a good job and the staff members there are really nice :)
1	OVERPRICED!!!!  I had 4 dresses from white house black market dry cleaned and they charged me $20/dress.  The price on their website listed dresses as $10.75, but what they failed to mention is that they were probably talking about kid cotton dresses.  It took a week to get the dresses back.  For the quality and time, it is definitely not worth the price.
2	You'd think a sloppy klutz like myself (my friends use the sweet euphemism that I'm "good at making things looked lived in") would be a regular at the dry cleaners. You'd also think I wouldn't buy a light-colored winter jacket, because that would probably mean lots of stains, right? That's what you would think, right?But no. And of course I ended up with a giant black stain on my coat. Ink? Oil? Tar? Pomegranate juice? Who knows, but I was way too scared to tackle it myself, which led me to my first experience with the dry cleaner. The dry cleaner terrified me because my friends have plenty of horror stories about things coming back with holes or with stains not being removed, and I had no idea what the price of anything was or even how pricing was determined. I envisioned someone handing me back my clothes and saying, "We charged you $45 for this summer dress because it's hideous." My jacket was $30 (usually only $23, but it's down and there was that mystery stain). They were able to remove the stain and a pen mark by the sleeve, but one on the front proved too stubborn. When you take something to the cleaner, you know, you want it completely clean, especially if it's $30. I mean, the point of having a professional clean my clothes is hoping they'll be able to get rid of the incriminating messiness I can't.My button up shirt was $4 for a wash and light starch. It was categorized as a blouse, even though it's exactly the same as a men's dress shirt, which are $3.50: this detail annoyed me. My striped jacket with a stain on the front (did I mention I'm clumsy?) was $10. They weren't able to remove it but said they'd try again for free. If they get it out I'll give them another star, but I have my doubts.According to their brochure they're the "Pittsburgh area's most respected & trusted pick-up and delivery service!" I should have realized a slogan that says nothing about your quality of work says everything about your clientele's priorities. The people who use Four Seasons regularly don't have the time to pick up and drop off their own dry cleaning, which works for them, but since I'm not a high-powered executive (or on house arrest), I don't mind doing it myself.Considering my clothes weren't totally clean, and how many cleaners there are on Squirrel Hill alone-not to mention the rest of the city-I've got a hunch there's a better deal for me somewhere in the city. I'm on the hunt!
1	Wow. I wouldn't even believe what I am about to write if I didn't experience it myself. I'm not one to really lambast a place unless they deserve it, but this experience was truly ridiculous. I dropped off a pair of lined wool pants and a pair of gloves on 12/18. The gloves are synthetic material with leather strips on the fingers and a leather palm. Normally, I would wash them myself, but they have some of that "smart fabric" on the thumb and forefinger for use with a touch screen. When I dropped the stuff off, the guy told me that they might have to send it out because of the leather. The price for that was unreasonable, so I said if they couldn't do it in-house to just not bother. He said they would call if they could not do the gloves, otherwise, I could pick everything up on the 22nd. Fine, no problem. I didn't get around to stopping back until yesterday, 12/27. I walk in and hand the guy my ticket. He goes into the back, where I can see rows and rows of hanging, cleaned items under plastic. Given that my order was supposed to have been ready 5 days prior, one would assume that my clothes would be on such a hanger. They have a sign behind the counter that is sort of one-way glass/mirror, but I could see through it. The guy walked into the back and I could see him rummaging below. He picks up my pants, puts them on a hanger and covers it in plastic. He puts the gloves in a bag and ties it to the hanger and brings it out. He seemed a bit dodgy and told me that they couldn't do the gloves. I said okay and asked what I owed him. He said that I had pre-paid when I dropped off. This was not what I recalled, because we had a conversation about the gloves and what the charge would be, etc, but he was the one looking at the computer, so I shrugged and left. It all seemed a bit weird and off, but I it was raining and had things to do, so I just took the bag and left. When I got home, I pulled the plastic off the pants that were poorly hung on the hanger and THEY WERE NOT CLEANED. Not even a little bit. They had the exact same wrinkles in them as when I dropped them off. What the heck?? I am usually one who is pretty relaxed about mistakes and I'm perfectly happy if a business makes a honest mistake and makes a fair gesture to rectify it. In this situation, if the guy had just said that (for example), when they determined that they could not clean the gloves there was a misunderstanding and the pants were not cleaned either and then offered to clean them for free or at half price or give me one-day service or anything of the sort--they may have earned a customer. But instead, they appear to have lied to my face and intentionally deceived me.As I said, I don't think that I did pay for the service, but what the heck was that guy thinking? I wasn't going to notice that my pants were a wrinkled mess and weren't even touched? I guess he thinks people can't see him behind that mirror? Did he think I'd be less pissed off if I believe I *paid* to have them keep my pants in a pile in their store for nine days?  I chose Four Seasons because they purport to use a "greener" method of dry cleaning. I don't know if that is true either, but I can assure you they'll never see any of my green. What a ridiculous experience.
3	I don't pay enough attention to how much dry-cleaning and alterations "should" cost.  So it's hard for me to compare.  But generally, I feel like this place does decent, yet slightly overpriced work.  But they're right around the corner, so I would rather pay a few extra bucks and not have to hunt down a different place.They've never ruined or messed anything up.  Sometimes my alterations have come back a tiny bit shorter than I expected them to be, but that's not consistent.  I've seen the same guy over at Irene's, so maybe he does work for her too.
1	DH dropped off some pants for dry cleaning.  When we got them back one pant wasn't even cleaned.  For the price this isn't something you can overlook.  When we brought it to their attention they fixed it promptly, but were unapologetic about it.  Plus we had to wait another 4-5 days.  I won't be back
1	I brought a hand-made throw rug in to be cleaned. Unfortunately I didn't look at the reviews first, and just stopped there out of convenience. When I went to pick it up, it was as if they had done absolutely nothing to it, and just wrapped it up. I complained and they redid it, but it's still not clean. They seemed to put more effort in the second time, but I'm appalled that they first tried to give me back a very obviously DIRTY rug without any mention that they were unable to clean it, or whatever difficulty they might have had. As if I somehow wouldn't notice! I will definitely not return.
1	This cleaner has been in the neighborhood for many years. I have used them semi regularly, but the bottom line is -- they are just not very reliable.Once upon a time, I lived a block away from them, and was always walking past the storefront, which has a more  pleasing ambiance than most dry cleaners (like Footer's). They were a tad more expensive, but I paid it for the convenience and the flattering lighting. At some point, there was some mildly unpleasant incident -- I think they misplaced an item for some period or something like that -- I didn't lose anything, but my confidence in them was shaken, and I stopped going for a while and then I moved.Years passed. Now that the past unpleasant incident is but a dim memory, I thought I'd give them another try. The price is still high; the cleaning job is still mediocre; they patched a couple items for me with varying levels of success. And then, it happened again -- they misplaced another pair of my pants. This time, though, they never did find it. It's bad enough that they lost my pants, but the way they are handling it is making me downright angry.First, when I showed up with my ticket, the front desk clerk told me that she couldn't find my item, so I need to come back another day. Since I no longer live a block from them, I had to make a special trip on my day-off from work. It was off-putting to be on their beck and call as if my time didn't matter.  Second, the process is poorly handled. The front desk clerk said that the manager would contact me in a day or so, but the manager did not. A couple days later, I was the one who initiated the call. The manager told me they went through the whole store, but couldn't find my pants. She thought she might check their other store. She said she'd call me back in a day or so. Two more days passed. No call from the manager. So I called again. The manager repeated the same story -- apparently they were understaffed, and she intoned that I was too impatient. I find this response completely unprofessional -- how am I the one who should excise patience when they were the one who promised to let me know what happened days earlier? Third, there is no clear resolution. The manager now has to get an approval from the owner to reimburse me for the pants. Luckily I still have the receipt for those pants. I have no idea if the owner would reimburse me at full value. In fact, it's been four more days, and I have received no news. The pants were expensive (for me) and still pretty new. If they manage to reimburse me for the full amount before the end of the year, I might consider upgrading this to a two stars, but ugh, I am so disappointed with them right now.
2	Eventually, they found the customer who was given my pants by mistake, and I got my pants back. After all the back and forth, I was offered some store credits for future cleaning. So this incident is considered resolved, and I've upped their star counts by one, but I am not exactly running back to claim those credits.
2	Four Seasons is in a great location and seems like a fine place for dry cleaning or alterations as it's been around for a while and has a very nice looking storefront, but don't be fooled. I'm giving the review 2 stars instead of 1 because the shirt laundry I've had done there wasn't awful, but the alterations were terrible.I recently went to have a blazer and a shirt tailored. I received the blazer back and the sleeves were too short and the buttons were sewn on so poorly they fell right off. As for the shirt, the sleeves were also much too short and they didn't even trim any of the excess thread off after they used the sewing machine - there was a solid foot of several strands of thread hanging off from one of the sleeves. It looked as if the shirt was done in a complete rush with no attention to detail.Needless to say I will be taking my future dry-cleaning/shirt laundry and alterations elsewhere.
1	Fool me thrice, well, that's my fault but I've finally learned my lesson. Issue #1: I take a suit in to be dry cleaned because it smelled a little like a smoky bar and had some fur on it. I have a week's leeway before I need it. I go to get it when I'm told it will be ready and I'm told there's a delay because of excessive "stainage". Well, since there weren't any stains, I ask for a manager. At this point, the woman behind the counter says she needs to call me back. When she does call back, they admit to not knowing where it is. Eek! Ultimately they find it at whatever place they outsource it to and I was able to get it back later that day. Not a disaster, but should hav ebeen a red flag.Issue #2: a pair of jeans that I have hemmed end up 4" too short. Well, I was pissed, but I didn't try them on for the tailor to measure and he just measured based on what I was wearing right then because I was in a hurry. I guess I thought that maybe it was possible that they could stretch in a different way or, I don't know, something. I took the blame for it and didn't make an issue.The final issue: I paid for a pair of expensive pants to be hemmed and put a rush on them so they would be done by Thursday. I called on Thursday and they told me they'd be done on Saturday. Annoying, but nothing I could do. So, on Saturday I go in and the woman working says they can't find them... AGAIN. I wait for about 30 minutes while she makes a series of calls, to no avail, and then tells me she'll call me when they find them. Towards the end of the day they find them and I go to pick them up. They actually had the nerve to charge me. You'd think if you'd screwed a customer over this way, you might give them a freebie to make up for it. Not this place. When I said I'd never be back, the woman said "we all make mistakes sometimes." To which, I replied, "Not all of us make them as often as this place".
1	I have been here twice.  The first time, I asked them to steam a bridesmaid dress for me.  I waited too long before the wedding (which was out of town), so I only had about a week to play with.....when the dress was ready, it looked exactly the same as when I dropped it off.  I complained but at that point I had like 1 day before I had to leave for NY and my friend had to do it with a hand steamer the morning of the wedding.But wait! I got store credit for that debacle! Whew.....I had a gorgeous black and white dress from the Limited that I dropped something on, so I decided to take it here with my credit and have it dry cleaned.  When the dress was ready, I eagerly drove to Sq Hill to pick it up - the girl brings it out and hangs it on the rack for me to see while she rings me up.....not only is the stain STILL THERE, but they have successfully steamed all the pleating out of the dress, and effectively ruined it.  I told the girl and she said they could try again to remove the stain and see if they could fix the pleating.  (side note - how did she not see either of these issues before she gave it to me??)So, my next phone call from them is to tell me that they can't get the stain out of my dress, so they threw it away.  THREW IT AWAY. Oh - did they call me first? Nope.  Just threw it away.  Then they tried to blame it on the dress - clothing from the Limited is "cheaper" and the "pleats weren't pressed in very solidly".  So clearly it's the dress's fault that they ruined it.  That dress was just asking for it....I will never, NEVER go back here.  I can't believe they're still in business.
