5	Finally!!!!  A Dairy Queen that serves cherry dipped cones!  I'm really not one for sweets, but my favorite thing in the world when it comes to sweets is a cherry dipped cone from DQ.When I was ten I moved to Southern California.  For the life of me we couldn't find a DQ anywhere.  One day we found one at a mall.  I was so excited to finally have a cherry dipped cone, but when I ordered it the person working there look at me like I was making it up.  It was after that day I went on a crusade to find one around my town, and to no avail I could not.  It wasn't until I moved here that I have my favorite treat minutes from my house.  No more having to go to my hometown to get my beloved cherry dipped cone.  Thank you Dairy Queen on Tenaya.
3	Fast & Friendly service BUT the dinning area was a little cramped but it's like that in all ice cream shops so who cares.  It was A Very CLEAN store.  The chicken finger basket was good & hot, but the fingers were very small more like half of a finger.  The texas toast & gravy was forgotten and then when I did get it it was not even toasted more like texas bread.  The blizzards & cones were awesome as always.  So Management you need to go back to the chicken fingers you used to order because these were not worth it.
5	Love this one, it's tucked away, no drive thru. The employees are really nice, especially the young guy at the register, there is an older girl who works that gives everyone a dirty look, can't decide if that's her face or if she's really giving people mean mugs.medium mint oreo and m&m blizzard for me please!
4	I feel weird reviewing a Dairy Queen because most people already know what to expect for the most part. But this location was particularly yummy. The service was good & you can tell the owners of this location take pride in what they do. The only bad part of my visit was the customer bathroom wasn't the cleanliest, but I never expect much from public restrooms anyway.
1	Been awhile since our last visit. Just got reminded why.. Blizzards are like eating cups of plain ice cream. Very skimpy on toppings. Value for your money is what any customer is looking for. Shame on you for cheating your customers out of what they pay for.
3	This is the closest Dairy Queen to me, so my brother and I frequent here a lot. We mainly go for the shakes and blizzards as well as the ice cream cakes when it's someone's birthday. The ones that we've tried are actually pretty delicious. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the people who work here are 90% crap whenever we come here. There are a lot of times where I've encountered rude staff, but it's not something that I can't tolerate. I go for the food anyway and not the service.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Dairy Queen.  Some locations have a different menu than others.  Some offer a full food menu.  Others seem to offer mostly ice cream.  This particular Dairy Queen offers a bit of both but tend towards the ice cream side of things.  I'm not much of an ice cream person so I don't come to Dairy Queen for that and there food is just average.  I can find similar food with better quality at other places.  What brought me in the other day was a coupon I got in the mail.  Half off any size Orange Julius.  I can remember liking on Orange Julius at the mall when I was a kid so with my coupon I ordered a medium and paid $2.05.  It was as I remember.  Frothy, cold and sweet.  It was a nice treat on a rather warm Sunday afternoon.  As simple as an Orange Julius is to make it should not have taken as long as it did for me to walk in, order, pay, receive and leave.  But the staff was all in the back of the place.  The girl back there kept looking at me and saying nothing.  Finally she did acknowledge me and send up a guy to take the order.  He then showed her how to make an Orange Julius.  I get the impression she was new there.  Fair enough but somebody should teach her to acknowledge the customer quicker.
4	Hidden location in a dead strip mall. We came in for dipped cones, which were delicious---as expected. Service was fast and friendly. Would recommend this location.
