4	This is the cheapest place I could find to do an oil change on my diesel truck, and I did call around.Stop in and say high to Jeff.  He'll also rotate your tires for free!
2	I've been going to these guys for 7 years or so. Yes they have the cheapest oil changes around, which includes rotating tires. Look for their coupons. Now it seems they suggest work that doesn't need to be done. The latest is they said the rack and pinion needed to be replaced for $500. I brought my car to another shop which said they would love to charge me for replacing the rack and pinion but it doesn't need it, it's just an oil leak around the filter will be fixed with the oil change. This is at least the 2nd time Jack at Napa (the owner) suggested unnecessary work.  And Jeff doesn't work there anymore.
3	I've come back a couple times since my first review, Jack has taken care of me. 2 summers ago my battery died on me and I had to have the car towed. Napa put in a new battery. 4 months later on a day with torrential rain the car just barely started. I stopped at Napa on the way home, they gave me a new battery.
5	I have found my new auto repair guys. I have tried some of my local repair shops only to leave feeling ripped off. Not with these guys. Jack is very informative and the price is right.
1	Avoid this place. Worst service ever with a completely incompetent staff. I had to bring my car back 3 times after they told me it was fixed ("check engine" light on dash).  $750 and tons of wasted time later, my car was returned to me "fixed, this time for sure". Upon retrieval of the car, an engine part (plastic compartment cover) had been left under the front passenger sear and wires were hanging down from under the dash. I'm 90% sure these guys just disconnected the. "check engine" light from the car's power. Dishonest and negligent -- avoid these guys.
1	The Summary:- AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.- Would give it ZERO stars if I could.- Came in with small brake issue and a check engine light. Diagnosed with 4 days and $1200-$1700 repair- Arrived three times to pick up the car only to find it had another issue.- Left three weeks and $2500 later with the same brake issue, new engine issues, and a worse transmission issue.- Jack seems like a nice guy but hes either maliciously ripping people off or his people are incompetent.The Story:Had a 2002 VW Jetta with engine power issues and a check engine light. My own diagnostic tool showed some cylindar misfires. We brought it to Jack's Napa AutoCare Center on a referral from a body shop. They quoted us $1200 to $1700 for a new water pump (which broke) and possibly new heads and a head gasket. We trusted Jack because he seemed like a geniune guy. It was supposed to be done in 4 days, which turned into a 11 days because of "shipping delays" from Volkwagen. My girlfriend had them look at the brakes, which they replaced the rear brake pads on.It was supposed to be done on the 11th day so I drove to that side of town just to find out "a new issue came up". I shrugged it off and let them work on fixing it. It finally came time to pick it up so I drove across the city and we couldn't even drive it out of the parking lot because the brakes suddenly didn't work. The check engine light also instantly came on with a new code related to the Crankshaft Position Sensor. I went back in severely annoyed after almost two weeks and two attempts to pick it up.Jack assured me that next time I was back the car would be in tip-top shape. He also explained that it needed a new brake booster and "unfortunately it's the expensive one". We paid for a $300 brake booster and let them get back to work. A few days later it was ready to be picked up. The brakes worked just as they had when I dropped it off (after new pads and a new brake booster, both recommended by Jack). The cylindar misfire codes were gone, but the check engine light came on with yet ANOTHER code related to the Mass Airflow Sensor. Regardless, we wanted to be done with Napa so we left just to find that an existing small transmission fliud leak had ended up as a full blown transmission issue. In fairness they did throw in the labor for the brake "fix" for free.I later found out that the battery had been disconnected (battery case was re-installed backwards), most likely in an attempt to clear the check engine light in a shady way. We sold the car as a "mechanics special".
1	I'm with Caesar, avoid this place like the plague.  Jack isn't a nice guy, he isn't dependable and he will lie straight to your face.Brought my car in because the check engine light was on and we had been told we needed to replace the timing belt.  They were the most resonably priced (what a joke that phrase turned out to be) and could have it back to us a few days.Now the nightmare began. After over $1,400 dollars in repairs, I picked up my car and drove home.  The following morning, same problems with the car - misfiring and the check engine light was back on.  Back to the shop we go.  Now we have new problems!  $500 later, more repairs.  The next day, car was misfiring and you guessed it, check engine light back on.Back to the shop we go!  More work (that they didn't charge us for, but I don't believe was really done) and they PROMISE the car is better than new.  Riiiiight....10 miles down the road, car is misfiring again and the check engine light is back on.  And where did we go the next morning?  Back to the shop - but this time Jack, the owner, was there.  And what an unplesant, rude, disrespectful man he is.  I cannot believe he owns a business.  He flat out lied to my face when he told me that "Chuck" had drained my gas tank and found it full of gunk.  Funny, I had the same amount of gas when I dropped it off and no one had mentioned that had been done.2 days later, now we are being told the computer is fried - another $2k worth of work.  What?!?  Oh, and today Jack emptied the tank.  Interesting, as Jack told me it had been done 2 days before.  And when he did?  He "forgot" to fill it back up, leaving me with fumes to make it to the gas station.The car is now at the dealership, which is where I should have taken it to begin with.  Not trust some shady, rude, liar.  I wouldn't take a Barbie car to this "repair" shop.  Hopefully they won't be in business much longer and won't be ripping off other people.
1	They originally charged me $1100+ for my car to be partially fixed. (They told me what they felt like doing and not doing!) I had My dad speak to Jack bc my dad's side of the family are all auto-mechanics (they are out of state otherwise he would've fixed my car himself) After they talked I called Jack and he was putting TONS OF LIES into my father's mouth, telling me they both agree I should sell my vehicle! My dad said if he has to he would fly out himself to fix my car!! Anywho, I picked my car up a couple days later, asked my questions and left with a horrible feeling in my stomach. I took my vehicle to a nearby shop for inspection to be done....   Jack charged me over $700 for a computer that he NEVER replaced or even touched! And then I was personally shown the safety clip to the speed sensor was broken when they replaced that part. I was never informed of this nor did they fix that before charging me and sending me on the road like that.   I went back and got a portion of my money back with the owner in a complete frenzy. He said he ordered a replacement part and told me I could pick it up when it was in. I waited for a phone call that never came, so I called and he refused to give me the part and wondered why I wouldn't go back to him?!?!?  Why would I go back to a guy who tried stealing money from me and charged me for a broken part, the only part he "fixed"?!?!  He now DENIES every ounce of this when I physically have the broke part and bogus reciepts from him. Don't believe me? Check out the review I left on his business on bbb.org. He responded by being extremely rude, unprofessional and again placed multiple lies in my dad's mouth! Oh and he doesn't even know what part he fixed?! My dad and I are furious but why let the bad guys bring you down?  Oh and that nearby shop I went to that was amazing to inspect my car, that night they found a ton of nails in their driveway. Not in the street or on the sidewalk. Specifically right in the driveway to their shop! Coincidence? Idk. I will NEVER go back to this place and I refuse to recommend this shop to anyone!!!
