4	Just blame it all on Lenny. It's his fault. And you're not wrong in saying so. After all, Lenny's asking for it with that attitude of his and all.Oh, and James Caan is cool. I love Elf!
4	Not really my kind of thing but my boyfriend payed  for the entrance and loved it.  If gangs, mobs, and Vegas history are your "thing", then I think you would enjoy this. Worth seeing once for others, I would say..
3	Rating this place is tough. It was still in preview mode when we went, so I'm exercising forgiveness. It definitely has some serious 5-star potential, though.First off, it is definitely an experience, not a museum or exhibit. At the start, you basically walk through being a low-level mob person. I don't want to give away too much, but it is kinda neat and fun. You basically interact with a bunch of staff that play different characters.At several points throughout the journey, you are guided / given overviews and intros by a video image of James Caan, which was pretty neat.Part of the experience is more museum-ish with several galleries profiling the mob in Vegas, different individual mobsters, and Hollywood and the mob. It was all eh. The best part was the lengthy video about the making of The Godfather.Likes:-The "experience" aspect (though, it does need some work)-The emphasis throughout on Vegas and the mob-That the info was all on video screens, not small plaques-The overall set-up and propsDislikes:-Some of the actors were pretty bad-The pictures they take of you, in typical Vegas fashion, are $20-No locals discount-It seems a little overpriced ($30 during preview, $40 once it officially opens)-A lot of the video screens weren't working-The timing of everything was off-It overall seemed unfinishedAgain, definitely has 5 star potential and there are still a lot of kinks they need to work out. It was fun and neat in some ways, but I definitely enjoyed it more than my husband (he says 1 star). I love the concept of this place. Hopefully, it will improve and get better.
3	Other than the Tiesto concert and the factory outlets, LVME was one of the events / attractions I was most looking forward to on my last Vegas trip.  I didn't even mind having to pay exactly $79.90 admission for two people.  Perhaps I had the wrong preconception of what the "experience" would really be like, but the website itself (which I checked out right before the trip) emphasizes it to be "interactive," which in turn makes me think of "fun."  OK well, I don't really consider the presence of only three or four actors in a storyline at the beginning of LVME (or any exhibit, for that matter) as truly interactive.  At first it was intriguing because it seemed like it was building up to be some sort of live-action "whodunit" ... but next thing I knew, we ended up in a huge museum portion of the "experience" which includes mob-related artifacts, pictures and text.  OMG.  There was so much reading to do.  I really didn't want to read or look at everything, but I felt it was necessary to get my money's worth (my friend felt the same way).Quite frankly, I left the place quite disappointed.  As it turns out, LVME is an "experience" for those who want to be educated, not entertained.  Three stars.
2	It had awesome potential. My mob name was' the fox'. The name tag that you get to keep as a souvenir triggers the screens to talk to you and they insert your mob name. But I didn't realize that I was paying for a Hollywood style/actors included universal studios attraction. It was expensive($80.00 for 2) and the first 30 min, are informative but then once you get into the museum component, there are screens upon screens of texts to read. The artifacts are cool( the letter to Bugsy Segall's wife from Bugsy was pretty cool.) but most of the screens didn't work and they were really light on artifacts. Takes around 1.5 hours to complete and honestly my review.. fug git about it.
2	It felt like a reject Epcot Center exhibit. It wasn't all bad though.  The actors in the exhibit were funny but I can't imagine how it'll work out if/when this place gets crowded.  Will there be just a long dragging line to talk to the police or mob boss actor?The sets were cool.  The old NYC, Vegas and the jewelery store break in area stood out.  The narrated bits with your virtual tourist were kinda fun.  You had your choice of tour guide when checking in.  They included Paulie Walnuts, Mickey Rourke and some others.  We went with James Caan.  The experience also offered really cool insight into the history of the mob along with some cool artifacts.  But I thought just reading info off the screens was kinda cheap.  A narrated tour with headsets would've been better.  They also need to offer this info in different languages for international tourists asap.Thankfully my tickets were free.  $80 for two is a total mafia shakedown!! Not worth retail price with how it's set up now but there's definitely room for improvement.
3	Saw this recently with the boyfriend (got some free tix, otherwise they were offering 20% off for locals).  They gave us tags with gangster names and a mobster narrator as our guide.  While walking through different segments, there were about 4 actors that we came in contact with that helped lead us through the exhibit--other mobsters and a cop.Before this part, though, you have the option of taking pictures (which we opted to buy for $20, and got 2 of them with different backgrounds).  I did like the different decor and sets that they used in this exhibit--from New York to Vegas, a jewelry store (staged to look like it was broken into), Hollywood, and at the end, your fate was definitely decided.The experience itself involved reading about mobsters/events that led to the creation of Vegas, their personal effects, and a documentary about the making of The Godfather movies and the ties to the mob (if you stay and watch it in its entirety, approx. an hour long).I was pretty interested in learning about the historical ties that the mob had to Vegas, and I honestly enjoy reading/going to museums, so this was definitely my type of activity.I'll admit, though, that if you're not all about reading or learning about the mobs in Las Vegas, this show/experience is probably not for you.
1	Terrible, they have nothing of any interest there.  Not worth it.
4	I think this experience is very good.  It's very well thought out, and the technology is quite good.  Since I was alone, I felt a little awkward with some of the actors.  But it was all good fun, and I went along with it.  I do wonder, as one reviewer stated, what it's like if this place is busy.The heart of the show for me was the central information area with the mementos of the different gangsters.  Ben's letter to his wife written on a Western Airlines plane, the letter from Lansky to Menachem Begin and others were really interesting.  I loved watching the video of the making of the Godfather movie, but I'd like to view it at home where I'd be a bit more comfortable.  There was some fatigue setting in from all the reading and I was ready to leave.  I'm glad I got the year's pass for Nevada residents when they had the pre-sale in November.  I'll go back and skip the introduction stuff and go right to the artifacts area and read spend more time.I agree with the others about the photos.  Why can't Cashman charge a lot less?  I might have purchased one or two, but at $20+ for the photos, that's robbery--but it's going on in the right exhibit place.  Reduce your price, email me the digital photo, and I'll buy!
4	Went here last night with my husband and had a lot of fun.  I wasn't sure what to expect so I was very surprised when there were actors telling me I was part of the mob and I needed to do some business for them.  I was cracking up the entire time, so my poor husband had to talk to them (and then have them yell at him- "i wasn't talking to you, i was talking to her!").  Lots of fun technology in use as well.Like the other reviews have said, there is a lot of reading when you finally get to the museum area, which would be a great way to kill an afternoon if you have time for it.  Some really interesting artifacts to look at and a movie to watch if you have the time.  Towards the end, there seemed to be a few places that looked like they could have used a little more work.Overall, if you are the museum type or have an interest in the mafia I think you would enjoy this.  If you're not, than you may want to think twice before you go.  Def make time to spend an hour and a half to be there, longer if you want to read everything or watch the film.  The price is a bit high, but if you can get discounted tickets it's worth it.5 stars if they fix up the end of the exhibit and lower the price.
2	omg WORST waste of money.   I felt bad for our cousin who paid for all 6 of us to get in.  If you want to just walk around reading about historic mob figures then it's fine.  They tried to add a bit of acting to it but all in all you would have more fun going on one of the local roller coasters.  What a waste of our time!  It needs to close.
4	As my Family's Consiglieri, I took it upon myself to check this place out.   It's a museum experience in three acts. First, you enter and are enlisted as a bagman for the Family.  Then you learn about the golden days (as in the days before RICO).  Then the boss decides whether  you are a Friend of ours or a Fugazi.  And if you are... well, sometimes you gotta break a few eggs to make an omelet.  Great time.
3	this was a mixed event.  Loved the history and attempts to make me think I was a mobster, but it lost something in the translation.  I think it is geared toward middle school kids the way it follows you through the maze.  I liked all the "muscle" guys who just hang around making me think this was really a mob place.  Overall it took a lot of time and I could have bought a book to get the same info.  Kids would like it.
4	I'm a fan of Mafia related books and documentaries so when I was offered a deal through TravelZoo to buy a ticket for this and also Madame Tussad's for $32, I took full advantage of it.   My gangster name was "The Cigar" and chose Frank Vincent (actor from Casino, Goodfellas & The Sopranos) as my narrator/guide.  I expected this to be cheesy but was pleasantly surprised to learn this was not so bad (having to go through giving the envelope to Vinny at the coffee table was about the most cheesy it got).  They would not allow pictures to be taken and offered you the chance to buy some pictures that were taken of you during the exhibit.  I paid $23 for 2 glossy pics of me in jail and after robbing the bank's vault (too bad I couldn't use that $$ at the craps table!)The information about the various gangsters and associates can be found on the Las Vegas Sun's website but I really enjoyed watching the private home movies of Ben Seigel and seeing alot of the personal effects, cars and such from Meyer Lansky, Lucky Luciano and others.  I didn't think this glorified gangsters and their ways at all; it basically shows the type of people they were and the lengths they would go to maintain their criminal ways.My only complaint was the fact that there were more families with kids there than I expected.  I'm not sure this exhibit/museum is something kids 10 and under should check out.Overall it was an enjoyable 2 hours of my time to go through this and I'd suggest this to anyone who has an interest in the mafia
4	very entertaining!!! the hologram that tells you the story,the people dressed in period costume..and the actors themselves make this totally worth it. you get immersed in the way vegas used to be. its amazing to me the things i knew nothing about. i would recommend this totally to everyone. its not only informative but VERY interesting! at the end, we got arrested tho..boo for that..:( lol
3	I like the fact that, although cheesy, you get to play a role of a low mobster rising up and proving your worth. Kudos to the actors, I would eff that up and have a hard time being in character all the time specially I imagine some people try to troll on them. There's also a integrated guide helping you through. I think they were thoughtful about the "experience" part. I do enjoy that there's a balance of explaining what each mobster ran and did, but also had artifacts and stories about their life outside of scheming. They are normal people, too. I particularly enjoyed reading peoples private letters. There is a lot of reading to do and I know some people don't like to read or don't have much of an attention span so this isn't the place to bring them to.... or maybe it is since reading is fundamental! I think certain segments would have been good to connect by a narration or some sort of demonstration. If you don't know much about the mob and missed a few slides you might not get how Mobster A played a part in mobster D's life. It can get confusing trying to remember the details and putting the relations together since it's a bit of information overload.  I also wish there was more revealed about the mobster workings- I learned more about this in 5 minutes of googling than I did in the exhibit. If mob is about tha business then I want to know all about the inner workings. I like there's a video about the Godfather film. Since it just plays on a reel though I did not watch it as I hate watching something from the middle.  I like to think some of the most interesting mob  facts today were stories Yelper Elnino F. and I were exchanging of people we know who were involved in Vegas mob business.  I worry about places like these though. I get they're giving the "tourist pricing" and they have to pay actors and upkeep technology, but $40 is enough to turn a lot of people off even if you're interested in the subject. Sometimes pricing lower and pushing out the attraction as a fun and affordable experience is better than trying to reap every possible dollar from each sucker. Suckers tell friends then not to come for $40 and don't buy the overpriced $20+ pictures. I like what one museum I've been to does- you pay a little fee and they email it to you to print as you please. Many people were doing it because it's the price of a photobooth and not a photoshoot. Overall the exhibit was interesting, but not $40 worth. I would recommend this to people who are interested in the mob, but if you can find a discount . Can't be too upset- it was free through HouseSeats.
4	This is really an interesting experience. I had no idea about what to expect. It is interactive, high tech, and not your average museum experience. This is definitely worthy of visiting if you are fascinated with history and "mob" stuff. I learned a lot of interesting facts and it was a good experience. You can spend hours in here reading all of the information. It's exciting and you get to see the renovated Tropicana!
4	I've been to the Mob Experience twice now. The first time, I was really reluctant to play along and found it to be a bit of a drag to have to role-play. I don't typically like interactive exhibits / shows, so that could just be my issue. The second time, I took my mother, aunt and my fella who were all totally gung-ho to play along and that made the experience ten times better!I noticed that they have worked out a lot of the kinks from my first trip. The timing was right on from scene to scene and even were able to match up our tour guide properly all the way through, which was not the case the first time around. The historical aspect was interesting and I enjoyed reading about and seeing the documents and stories of all the mobsters about their lives in and out of the mob. I definitely recommend it for tourists and locals alike. Make sure to look out for coupons or on one of the free ticket sites for some deals.
4	this was very cool,to make it more fun you got to act with the people.after i did this i want to see the godfather now and casino
5	We just loved, loved, loved this!  Awesome.  My Mob name was Machine Gun and my husbands name was Clutching Hand.  I found it to be really exciting going from scene to scene with actors from the crime scene to making a delivery for a mobster to jail and your demise.  Then when you think it is over you are in the museum part with artifacts from all the great mobsters.  I saw a picture of Mayor Goodman with one of the mobsters.  Little history of Vegas I never knew that Mayor Goodman was a lawyer and represented the mob.  We spent over 3 hours here.  We were able to find a buy 1 get 1 free admission.  But, even if I paid full-price I would have been perfectly happy.  I was very impressed with the Mob Experience.  We had a blast!
4	As with most Americans, I have a fascination with the Mob and Mafia related films, shows, and books.  The history of some of the largest crime figures of this country is simply amazing.  There's been a lot of controversy regarding a Mob exhibit in the city of organized crime.  The large scale museum has yet to open, but some smart suits decided to produce an exhibit, which is being shown at the newly renovated Tropicana. The website lists general admission tickets at $40, which I admit is a little pricey. However, if you go to any of the Tix4Tonight locations on the strip, you can get yourself a general admission ticket for a cool $20.The exhibit is easy to find as they're plenty of signs leading you to the location, which is where the Titanic and Bones exhibit were last year. Once you head to the box office, you simply redeem your voucher and you're given a mob name and a tour guide.  I was named "The Grim Reaper" and my tour guide was Tony Sirico aka Pauly Walnuts.  The experience starts with some pictures being taken behind a green screen for swag they try to hawk at the end.After your pictures, you go through a maze that has plenty of mob related information presented on flat screen TVs.  You are then introduced to an actor who hands you an envelope full of money and gives you a job.  The actors are humorous and got the Mob accent down.  The actors lead you through adjacent rooms and give you choices, tasks, etc.  You eventually reach a hall that has several different rooms with profiled gangsters and their respective artifacts. The exhibit requires lots of reading and is highly informative.  A gallery of mobster murals was one of my favorite rooms, along with the screening room, which gives in-depth info into the reaction 'The Godfather' had within the Mafia community.The exhibit is fascinating and highly informative to all the power players in Vegas and the East Coast.  Dozens of mobsters are profiled including the forefathers that ultimately made Vegas.  The exhibit is the best I've experienced, although, a lot of reading is required, which ultimately may off put some people.  Nevertheless, the experience is a Vegas must if you're a fan of the Mafia lifestyle.  Allow plenty of time, as I spent about three hours experiencing the whole exhibit. The experience needs a few tweaks, but for the most part it's well executed.  Lastly, a gift shop greets you at the very end right before you're fate of life or demise.
4	This review is from the perspective of Dad, Roger -- a retired professor/student of politics, history and popular culture visiting Vegas. "A show not to be missed by visitors to Las Vegas or locals. This show is unique because it is virtual reality. There have been shows in the past that have made the audience a part of the action but this one is special. As a visitor you are given a virtual identity based on some of the mob characters of the past. Mine was 'Machine Gun,' as in Machine Gun Kelly. Another feature is hearing great stars of the past and present. My alter ego was James Caan, Sonny Corleone in The Godfather. The great thing about this show is it relates the mobs to the entire experience of the US, especially the arrival of immigrants on Ellis Island. It therefore strikes a chord in all of us because we are all descended from immigrants. Also Americans who came here have always been called 'people on the make' Gangsters have always been thought of as entrepreneurs engaged in illegal activities - gambling and the beginnings of Las Vegas as a major entertainment and culture center of the US and some things that were not discussed. The mob flourishes because when there is a demand for something, supply will always materalize. The show illustrates that Americans always have had a secret admiration for the mob, especially during prohibition and the depression, when robbing banks was not considered all that bad by many.  The 'criminals' we met casually involved us in the enterprise until the very end when we were 'victimized' by machine guns (AKA: Chicago typewriters) The show was an unforgettable experience where it is sometimes hard to separate reality from virtual reality.  The actors did a fabulous job looking like small time hoods and of course the highlight for me was the love/hate relationship between the mafia and the producers of The Godfather. The mobsters became virtual technical advisors as the movie was being made. It also pointed out the natural alliance between Hollywood and the mob, The mod did things that were very suitable for Hollywood and the interaction between Hollywood and the mob at times imitated each other. It was amusing and very American.  The Vegas tie-in between the mob, gambling, show business and the ultimate home of entrepreneurship -- legal and illegal."
5	Great, great place to spend a couple of hours, the kids enjoyed it also!  Wayne Gorsek
4	I had free tickets and this was fun. I can see it being very educational for the those of you who really want to learn and for those of us who were a bit brainwashed by the heat... It was still fun. The employees and cast members were friendly and managed to stay in character most of the time despite my friend and me being complete goofballs and laughing nervously at almost everything. The "guides" were definitely an interesting concept (we picked James Caan) as were the nicknames (we got Doc and Bananas). They did a great job with the old Titanic space and it was a lot of fun to walk through. I'd love to come back when I have more time, especially now that I realize how interactive an experience it is.
4	I thought this was pretty dope. I wasn't sure what to expect initially.  I did score some discount tickets at the half-price thing at the Coca-Cola place. I am not a big museum kind of guy but the exhibit was the most interactive museum I have ever been to. You really know how these guys lived at the time. They have all kinds of stuff you can look at, cars, clothes, and other personal stuff that these mobsters owned. One of my biggest gripes was that you can't take photos. I was kind of irked about it, but I eventually got over it. You should check it out.
4	I really enjoyed this exhibit because it was interactive. However, I would suggest to go early because if there is a line it could take longer than expected due to being interactive with each group.I think most people would find this pretty cool since it is a self paced and get to learn about the Mafia ties to Vegas throughout the years. Also if you are military you can get a discount. No student discounts though :(
3	Last spring, the Tropicana had a sneak preview that was about $15 per person.  For $15 it was okayyy.  They warned us in advance that there were some technical difficulties, so I gave them a pass.  But the experience seemed to have an identity crisis.  Is it a museum or an interactive game?  Either would be fine, but it is hard to do both.  The museum was pretty cool, especially if you like mob history.  In the middle of the interactive game, you go into several rooms with photos, news clipping, and artifacts.  Again- it was still interesting, but it is hard to stop the game midstream and looks at stuff.  Maybe they should move the museum part to the end?   Also, I thought that mix of fact and fiction was too much.  We were greeted by a Robert Deniro / Paul Vitti (from Analyze This with his popular trademark/ catch phrase "Youuu.") character.  I thought he did a good job - and I am a big fan of both Deniro and Analyze this- but there are so many colorful real life mob figures that using a fictional character was stretching it a bit.
5	I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party and since the bride is a huge mob movie fan, we thought this would be a great surprise for her. We had a fantastic time and loved the interactive aspect of it, even though we got whacked. I plan to go again until I get made! (Other options were getting arrested or going into witness protection!)My friend who organized did get us 2 for 1 tickets so for $15 per person this was completely worth it. $30 per person is pretty pricey, I'll probably look around for discounts when I go again.As others have said, there is a lot of reading so be sure to give yourself plenty of time to get through everything.
4	Nice little gem of an exhibit/interactive experience tucked away in the Tropicana.I always like to get a little history on each trip & this was the first time I'd heard of this exhibit.  It's advertised as an interactive experience and it is, to some extent.  It's a walk-through exhibit of the history of the mob involvement in Vegas.  They have a TON of artifacts - original cars, personal effects, photos, etc.  Whoever was in charge of rounding out the collection did a great job. The beginning of the tour is interactive - you are walked through room by room by either an onscreen guide (one of several Hollywood movie 'mobsters' who recorded bits for this attraction) or a live action actor (mob guys, old school police, detectives) as you attempt to get  'made' within the family ... or wind up getting whacked for your mistakes.The first rule is - you don't know nothin' 'bout nothin', capiche?  After the intro to the mob life, you wind up in an atrium with several off shoot rooms about different topics - Meyer Lansky, Bugsy Siegel, the making of the Godfather movie, demolition of famous mob-connected hotels & casinos, etc.  If you're a history or mob nut, you'll want to read everything & look at all of the artifacts.  If not - you'll probably be bored and end up sitting on the couch in the atrium waiting for your nerdy friends to finish because this part isn't really interactive.  It's mostly just a museum.After this, the "join the Family" storyline picks back up with actors and you wind up talking to the Boss at the end... where you find out if you've been made...or whacked.We noticed several technical glitches that need to be worked out.  Sometimes your on-screen guide doesn't appear as you enter the room or the attendants let you into the next room before the previous occupants have left.  Also, the sound was out of sync with the video during the beginning of the Godfather documentary & the a/c was a little weak in the atrium.
3	Cost:  $30 bucks for non locals and slightly cheaper for localsThe Las Vegas Mob Experience is a pretty neat look into the history of Las Vegas' most infamous mafioso's.  Touting 26,000 sq ft, 33 rooms this interactive tour/exhibit is pretty darn creative.  Upon entry, you get a mob name.  Your group navigates through rooms whilst trying to accomplish little missions while interacting with other "gangsters".  There are a plethora of artifacts, videos, and pictures.  I loved learning about the rise and fall of the mafia and how they took over Vegas.  And in true Vegas style, you can even buy your mugshot at the end of the exhibit.
4	I am a big mob fan.  I mean I love the mafia movies.  So, while in Las Vegas I heard about this interactive mob museum.  Was there a question that I would visit this place while in Las Vegas- forget about it.Upon entering this exhibit they give you a mob nickname (my nickname was Creepy) and you select a computer generated guide (I picked Frank Vincent, but I wish they had Joe Pesci).  Next, they take your picture and give you an id badge with your picture on it.  And, off you go into the museum.  The tour starts when you walk into the exhibit which is a recreation of some scene in America in the 20's.  You read a little history and as you walk into a room, you are in the middle of a mob scene.  An actor dressed as a mobster talks to you like you are a low level mob associate.  He gives you an assignment and you continue the tour.  Next, you read a little more history and then bam, you are in the middle of another mob scene with an actor dressed as a mobster.  (the scenes are funny but, I'm nobody's DeNiro) Oh yeah, your computer generated guide gives you a little history and direction as you walk through the exhibit.I spent about 2 hours and really enjoyed the experience.  I wish there was a little more scenes with the actors and less reading, but all in all a very fun time.  Even if you are not a big mafia fan, it would still be something fun to do while in Las Vegas.
4	4 1/2 stars. I am glad I can honestly leave a positive review about this place, because I wouldn't want to get "rubbed out" if I had to leave a negative review.  We both enjoyed this place. I wish we had more time to read the information on all the signs, but we had to catch our flight back home. I purchased discount tickets, so I only paid $9.00 for two admission tickets. Part of the exhibit is closed for renovations or something right now, but we still enjoyed what we saw. You have to do a lot of reading, but we didn't mind, it was interesting stuff. They had a lot of letters and belongings from all the big name gangsters inside of cases. Everything from Bugsy Siegel's favorite watch, love letters from Meyer Lansky (sp) to his future wife, guns and various other belongings from several mobsters. It also contained some actual personal photographs of the mobsters. It wasn't crowded at all when we went, but it was kind of a long walk from the self parking lot, to the exhibit. I am glad we went, and how cool is it that it is located inside of The Flamingo hotel, the place with so much history to it. This is the hotel that led to the assasination of Bugsy Siegel. We want to go back when the rest of the exhibit is open. I wouldn't pay $15 per person to go for just the portion that is open now, but then again, I rarely pay full price for anything. I wouldn't go to this hotel to gamble, the casino was kind of small, and it was dead, but they did have a little cafe with decent pizza slices.
4	I love this museum, as I love learning about the mob. I have been twice. The first time, I was able to experience the interactive part of the museum. The problem was that I was by myself, and it felt so cheesy and embarrassing. If I had been with a group of friends, or even someone pretending to be my friend, it would be more fun to interact with the "mobsters" (btw, the actors really get into their roles!).   But for kids, or for people looking to have a goofy time, the interactive part is cute/fun.  I went again yesterday, and they are refurbishing the interactive part, so tickets were only 15 bucks. I love the facts and amount of info in the museum when you get to do the full tour. There is a lot to read and learn. There is a room where you get to watch a video where you learn about the making of the Godfather and the mob opposition initially. There is a room devote to each major mobster that played a big role in Vegas development (Siegel, Lansky, Luciano, Cohen, etc). It's fun to see cardboard cut outs with their height to learn how short some of them are. I tower over Meyer Lansky!  In general, this is a very cool way to spend a few hours. Strongly recommend... But wait til after March 2012 when they re-open the interactive portion.
3	Unfortunately, I only got to check out a portion of the Mob Experience as the interactive portion was closed for renovation BUT I was impressed with what I experienced. They have a lot of detailed and unique information about the different mobsters which was very engaging. I also really enjoyed the film about The Godfather movies, as I'm a huge fan and hadn't heard about the controversy. The downside was the interactive machines in this part of the exhibit didn't work very well either. They had a few touch screens to read information and they kept freezing on us or you had to touch it just right to get it to move forward. It was more than a little annoying. Also, a few of the items (like the car in the Giancanna area) didn't tell you if it was his car or a re-creation, etc. I'd like a little more detail on that part. I am looking forward to going back someday to see the full exhibit. PS I also liked the silly pictures w/the guns and hats they take of you when you enter.. I know not everyone is into those but it would make for a cute souvenir.
5	What a surprise hit! We had attempted on previous visits to make it through Trop's Mob Experience and each time something wasn't working. Finally, after they revamped and refreshed, we visited today and were surprised from beginning to end. Highly interactive, lots of reality mixed with legend and an overall a fun time. Highly recommend.
2	Oh boy how things have changed since the last time I was here.The Robert DiNero lookalike?  Gone.  Getting mob nicknames that they call you by while you are in the attraction?  Gone.  Getting to pick which famous actor you want guiding your tour?  Gone.  All the stone-faced actors that would ream you if you even cracked a smile?  Gone.  The whole part at the end where you get to see the fall of the mob in Vegas and their eventual move to L.A.?  Gone.   All the cool old cars belonging to mobsters in the museum area?  Gone and replaced with a bar.But they're still charging an arm and a leg for a ticket.The actors are still pretty decent, but I have a feeling someone complained that they were "mean" and now they have to play nice with everyone.  Brought some friends who were visiting from out of town, and ended up being mad that we took them to what felt like was a "half show" of sorts...Note: it says the price is $25 per person but it is actually $28.  They tack on a $3 service fee when you get to the counter.  Seriously??Also note: if you end up going, make sure to say the phrase "I got sent for..." to get $5 off the ticket prices.
1	it was ok. I was kind of boring. Some of the staff made rude comments. One made a gay comment and laughed about it not knowing I was there with my boyfriend. We then wanted to buy a picture of it and the cashier was too busy reading her book to notice us and we were standing right infront of her. Some of the things were intresting it would be better at the Mob Museume.
4	Before my trip to Vegas, I found "Groupons" for half off this attraction and figured it would be a good way to take a break from making monetary donations to "Lost Wages."  My hubs and I went and the first thing that I noticed was how nice Tropicana was with their recent renovations.  I might even consider staying here on future visits.  We went to the exhibit and yes I expected it to be a little cheesy and it definitely was but in a fun way.  They definitely need to tweak the beginning of the tour.  We stood in line far too long waiting for the picture they want to take (so they can sell you a package at ridiculous prices).  I was also looked at like I had 3 heads when they asked me to put on a fedora and I asked the girl if she sanitized them after each person wears it.  She said they clean them periodically which was not good enough for me.  You have to pass through this area before you can get through for the rest of the tour.  They have a lot of interesting facts posted throughout which were very interesting and educational.  We encountered actors who engage you to interact with the exhibit.  It was great fun and even my husband who usually shies away from this sort of thing, enjoyed it.  There are some fabulous artifacts on exhibit, a great film and plenty of old Vegas memorabilia which depicted the mob and Hollywood connections to Vegas.  They did a wonderful job with the holograms and the guide told us that she heard someone from Disney assisted with this museum and it shows.  Very well-done and an inexpensive way to spend some time instead of a dime (ugh....well many, many, many, many dimes perhaps).
1	LAME.  LAME! LAME! Went with my significant other, couldn't help myself from laughing all the way through this...at all the bad acting and role playing we were expected to participate in.  Ridiculous waste of time and money.  Spent the whole time trying to find a way to exit / escape.  Was like a bad dream that you knew was just a dream, but you couldn't wake up from.  Should've known better when there was no one in line from the start.
