5	Great local theater with what looks like a good season, but I stopped here mainly to see Anthony Rapp, who in a one-man show revisited the ups and downs in his life at the time of becoming involved in RENT.    I was expecting sentimental schmaltz, but instead was blown away with a very mature, thoughful, and devastatingly moving perspective on love and loss from an extremely talented performer.   Lets just say I haven't cried this hard since my Grandma's funeral in 1993.  Wow.
4	I would love to see the city of Pittsburgh support theater with more dedication and passion. Sure, lots of Yinzers have annual subscriptions to the Benedum Center to catch The Lion King or Wicked when it comes to town. But, what about the smaller, unknown plays that need some support? We're not just talking about watching shows here, we're talking about supporting the arts, encouraging aspiring playwrights and even lesser known seasoned playwrights to bring their works here. You may not be able to brag to your co-workers the next day like you did when you saw Rent, but you might be exposed to the next great play.I've been to City Theatre a number of times this past year thanks to a friend's annual subscription. I've watched good shows, boring shows, and some that I really loved. I'm a big fan of good old dialogue - the kind that makes you really know a character, whether you like them or not, you are intrigued by their story. I've seen some good actors on the stage, a few were/are still students at nearby Carnegie Mellon's Musical Theater or Acting programs. Watching a play in its beginning stages is intriguing, especially when you see the actors nail the character right on spot. I love it. But what finally encouraged me to write this review was last night's show "Speak American". It was the first showing for a story that probably hits home for many locals. The setting is Pittsburgh in 1904, where some steel mill immigrants workers were learning English from a curious and passionate teacher. The play explores each character, where they came from, what their dreams are, and the struggles that they face. Like I said, I would imagine this story to intrigue the locals, but I don't even know if people know (or care) that this show is playing. Again, it was opening night and the theater was maybe 60-70% full. I know it was a Thursday evening, so I'm hoping that the weekend will see better attendance. But, either way, the local interest needs to increase so that this local gem can continue to bring good shows. This is a great time to check out City Theatre if you haven't already - ticket prices are usually pretty fair, and if you call the box office they can always offer student prices, buy one get ones, etc. Also, I'd love to see a younger generation in the audience too, because usually when I go I am one of the youngest people there by a long shot... and I'm not that young.
4	I've been here quite a few times to see some really good performaces.  A lot of the shows don't really interest me, though.  But I was so, so excited when I was able to see the Good Body there a few years ago.  All of he women in the perfomance were AMAZING.
5	A bit of background.  The Bill Deasy concert in Washington, PA my girlfriends and I were planning on seeing was sold out.  So we searched for something else we could do on a girl's night out.  It'd been awhile since I'd been to City Theatre, so I suggested we head over to City Theatre to check out "Late Night Catechism".  I was a little skeptical at first.  I thought this play might be geared for old-line Catholics.  I'm a "non-practicing" 30-something Catholic (to put it mildly) and my GFs Marla and Sherry are a couple of nice Jewish Girls.  I was wondering whether or not we'd get the humor.  But I'd heard good things about this play, so off we went.But the show is terrific.  Kimberly Richards played the feisty "Sister" who teaches classes on every subject from purgatory to prenuptial agreements.  Man did I remember the Pre-Cana sessions Rick and I attended before we got married!  This was an audience participation type show and I understand no two performances are exactly alike.  The theatre itself is a nice, intimate venue.  As Angela C noted, Pittsburgh needs more of the smaller theatre.  I've long been a fan of the arts, especially the lesser-known.  I've long supported the films at the Regent Square Theatre, I like to support local music, and I'm a fan of local theater.  A trip to City Theatre is well worth it.
2	I appreciated the talent, but The 39 Steps had too much "nudge nudge wink wink" humor without ever really being funny
2	I can't comment much on the quality of the performances as I'm new to Pittsburgh, have only seen two shows at City Theater and both were satisfactory.  What I do want people to know about is their seating policy for the Lester Hamburg Studio, the smaller 100-seat stage at City Theater.  My husband and I were bringing two out of town guests to see an 8pm show along with a group of other local friends.  After dinner, we rode in two cars to the theater and accidentally missed our bridge and took a slightly longer "scenic" route to the theater.  Our friends arrived early and were waiting for us in the lobby with our four tickets.  They called us a few minutes before 8pm and we told them we would be there momentarily and to leave our tickets at the box office.  Our friends explained to the manager that we were on the way and took their seats.  We walked into the theater at 8:02pm and were told by the manager that he had just closed the doors and we would not be admitted to the theater because it would disrupt the performance.  When we explained that our friends had left our tickets, the manager immediately knew who we were but said they closed the doors regardless of the fact that our friends had told him we'd be there momentarily (come on, even an airline will hold a flight if they know you're almost there).  In addition, he said they would not refund our tickets and would only give us a credit for future performances of that particular show which was only running for 2 more weeks -- this left our out of town guests with no options and us with very limited options.  Their policy of not admitting late arrivals is understandable given the layout of the very small theater.  However, our issue was that we walked in at 8:02 and they had already closed the doors, even though our friends had told them we were minutes away.  Even theater performances in NYC start 10 minutes late to accommodate patrons who are slightly delayed.  And given the traffic and difficult parking situation around City Theater, which often requires driving around looking and parking several blocks away, I'm certain late arrivals are not uncommon.  Let this be a warning that you MUST arrive early if you have tickets to the smaller stage -- give yourself plenty of time to find parking and walk to the theater.  And let this be a request to City Theater that they consider allowing more of a "grace period" for the Lester Hamburg Studio.  As much as we like to support local theater, and have been considering buying season tickets to City Theater to get us out there more, neither my husband nor I have any enthusiasm anymore for supporting this particular theater.
1	We unavoidably arrived 8 min (seriously, it was only 8 minutes) late due to road closures because a man was trying to jump off a bridge outside the liberty tunnels. Not only does the theater have a strict no late seating policy, but they refused to refund our money. While I understand the circumstance wasn't their fault, it also certainly wasn't our fault. I simply do not agree with forcing people to pay for a service that was never recieved when the situation is completely out of their control. We had allowed ample time to get to the theater. Without the jumper, we would have arrived 15 min early. People are often slightly delayed and even Broadway recognizes this fact and delays starting for 10 minutes. I felt they offered zero empathy or alternatives and was very unhappy with the way the staff handled the situation. They just shrugged their shoulders and quoted "policy" to us.update: after several calls with the manager, they offered vouchers for a show next season, but still unhappy how it was all handled.
5	The City Theatre always puts on fantastic performances.  Last Sunday I saw "Seminar" with my family on a visit to my hometown.  The play itself started out kind of pretentiously, but that was the point, I soon realized.  I'm going to stop myself before this turns into a review of the play instead of the theatre.  The actors were fantastic, and when I later saw a clip from the Broadway version, I still liked the City Theatre actors better (except I would have loved to see Alan Rickman in the central role on Broadway).  I also once saw "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" here.  I love how this theatre supports edgier, lesser known material.The seats in the theatre are comfortable and there's a nice reception area downstairs with tables and chairs, concessions, and merchandise.  I had a bad cough that evening so I had no choice but to get out a cough drop.  The crinkling of the wrapper was unavoidable.  My mother told me afterward that management HATES crinkling candy wrappers or bags.  I'm sure they would much rather I crinkle a wrapper than cough loudly during a performance.  But anyway, definitely check out the plays at this theatre!  It's an important part of Pittsburgh's thriving arts scene.
5	This is my absolute favorite theater in the city. There are literally NO bad seats to be had and they put on the best performances. Every production is current, well acted, and just amazing. You can't beat their prices, and you're supporting local. Go, you won't regret it.
5	I love City Theatre! The seating is intimate, regardless of which stage you see - and the shows are always fun. The volunteers and staff are friendly -- a great staple in the neighborhood!
