4	I give Monty's four stars because they did a great job fixing up my trumpet, but it also took them a while just to get out a few dings in my trumpet.  They have teachers giving guitar and other lessons there.  They have percussion, a little brass, wood winds, and strings there. They've got all the basics you'd need like valve oil and electric tuners.  I go hear the most because it is close by.  It is located in the corner of the shopping center at Tatum and Greenway.  It is a little hard to see from the road, but its there.
2	Monty is the owner operator of the store. He seems a little annoyed if you try to negotiate any of his prices. As in most privately owned music stores his bread and butter seems to be music lessons, instrument repair and sheet music. It's a wonder that guitar center and sam ash haven't obliterated all of these small stores.www.myspace.com/slideroolz
5	I have been going to Monty's since I was in Elementary School (about 20 years), and I am always thrilled with my expereince.  This is your typical Locally Owned establishemnt, with Monty working with every customer.  It is so nice to walk in to a store and know people working - and better yet, have them know you!  Forget the major chains like Guitar Center, etc.  this is a real store that has thrived in our community.I only go into the store about twice a year, but there are always local music patrons in for a visit.  It is very disappointing that only negative comments are the ones posted here.  Monty's Music is a real gem.
2	Signed up just to write this review. The only saving grace is Monty's employees who are very courteous and friendly. I'm a pianist, so I've been buying books from here for years, but I've never actually interacted with Monty, just his employees. I'm about to take up ukelele, but I've already bought the ukulele. I did my research and found an affordable entry-level ukulele and found what strings are recommended for it, so I came in for the strings and to just browse the other ukuleles. Monty came in, and he was friendly when showing me the ukuleles, but then I told him that I already bought one online and I was just looking into some strings and he immediately became caustic upon realizing that he wasn't going to make a sale. He didn't have my brand of strings - he only carries Martin - and I got a lecture about how I shouldn't be so closed-minded about what kind of strings I'm buying. I left, and he sarcastically thanked me for allowing him to help me.I guess I could throw in that I know someone who came here for guitar lessons and complained about Monty's bitterness as well and how she didn't learn anything. I'm never coming here again.
1	Crap instruments, will not take back. We had our violin a week bought brand new and it does not hold tune, horrible sound. These people are not helpful, nor do they care. Very cheap products. Look elsewhere.
2	This is not a 1st-review low rating, but I was compelled by Sarah's comment that "only" negative reviews are posted. My experience is as follows:- It's tucked in the corner of a very busy Safeway plaza, and parking is not convenient at all. I don't mind the walk (it's good exercise). However, if you leave your guitar in the car to get groceries, or vice versa, there's the risk of someone breaking into your car. I usually park behind the plaza.- Yes, some of the employees are courteous, but others aren't. In an age of smartphone guitar tuner apps (most of them not very good) and wanting reliable feedback - no pun intended - on alternative tunings, a little courtesy would go a long way. - Lesson times will occasionally run late. The instructors will occasionally run late, yet I would still be charged regular time. That's not fair. - No acknowledgement that life happens (emergencies happen) and if I have to go to urgent care or there's a family member in the hospital needing my attention and can't make my lesson time, I'm sorry, but that doesn't make me a deadbeat.- Closed on Sundays. That's a huge turn-off for me. All the other guitar places in town are open on Sunday. (Am I mistaken in that presumption?) If I work full-time during the week and Sunday is a day to catch up on practice after church. I have no doubt they lose potential customers who go elsewhere on Sundays and don't know how they can stay competitive with their hours.
1	Stopped in to buy a new cable with a friend. While I was picking out my cable, my friend asked to play a guitar. The guitars are placed behind the amps so that you can't touch them, which would be ok if they were super nice and expensive. However, the selection was junk and every guitar I heard was set up terribly. On top of it, Monty was incredibly rude because my friend wasn't going to buy the guitar. He was so busy being a jackass to my friend that he couldn't even hear me asking him to grab a guitar chord for me off of a shelf behind his counter. I don't know if it's because he was having a conversation with a friend when we walked in, but I have just never been treated so rudely through a shopping experience. I will never go back and I hope you will avoid this place as well as it does not deserve you business.
1	Went there today, Saturday at 4:30 in the afternoon and they were closed.  Their store hours sign says open Saturday from 10:00ish to 6:00ish.  I swear to god, I've never seen anything like it.  I had to take a picture I couldn't believe it.  Even though I live around the corner, I will go out of my way to avoid a place that disrespects its customers like that.  Set your hours and stick to them.
5	I love this shop. I learned to play the guitar here when I was a teen and my brother learned the clarinet/sax. The owner Monty, is the most knowledgeable and helpful person you could deal with in town. For over 15 years I have not once been disappointed or let down by this little Gem. I fully intend to bring my soon to be five year old here for guitar and piano. You want to support a hardworking high quality yet competitively priced local business? GO HERE! :)
5	I love my guitar lessons at Monty's!  I have purchased both a trombone and a very cool second hand guitar from Monty, as well lots of accessories and I can say that Monty's prices are very fair and he is great to do business with.  He care about quality and I am so glad support this awesome local business.
5	First, Monty's Music is a small, local mom & pop style business. It is not a big retail outlet like Guitar Center. Monty's has personality and service that the big guys are missing.I have been going into Monty's Music since our kids were in grade school (20+ years). We would get the needed recorder for elementary school, small items. Monty's always had what was needed.About 18 months ago, my wife gave me a guitar and prepaid lessons from Monty's. What I have found since that time is that Monty is truly one of the nicest individuals I know and clearly his passion is music. You can pull up a chair a just talk to Monty about music, instruments etc., and he will spend quality time with you. When was the last time you did that at a big retailer?It is not just all about if I can save a dollar here or there, it is customer service and how I am treated. I have gone into some of the big retailers (Guitar Center for example), sure they have a huge inventory of instruments to consider, but the knowledge the employees have is lacking or flat out missing and I don't want to get into the lack of customer service at these places. With that in mind, I would rather support a local business than a big chain retailer anyway.Regardless, Monty's may not have a large selection on hand, but he will do his best to get you what you need and provide you with his knowledge on a personal basis. It is for this reason that I have now purchased 4 guitars from Monty's Music (and taking guitar & piano lessons).I would recommend that you give Monty's a try, pull up a chair and talk to Monty!
1	I have tried to support local business but every time I have gone into Monty's he seems all stressed out. You don't have the freedom to play an instrument, everything is out of reach so you leave because you think you may be bothering the man. Plus his time signs 10ish to 6ish, you never know if he will return. Not a way to run a music store.
5	I still really love this place!   I like that its locally owned and operated.  Monty is genuinely a great guy whose been keeping his business thriving for many years.  I really appreciate the individual customer service I get, like having my favorite picks available or checking into ukulele pick-ups and the offbeat jokel.Monty has fixed my guitars when they were broke and he does a great job!  He did not charge me for it and I am super appreciative.   He has helped me with my ukulele, also.   As a music teacher, I really am impressed with my guitar teacher, Rich; he's amazingly well versed at playing (and teaching) many different genres and I am always inspired to practice more.  Thanks for having a great place with quality and personality for music and lessons!!
5	Great local music store.   Nice selection of guitars.  Monty was super helpful.  I bought my first guitar here last week, and at 50 years old, I felt very at ease and not weird.  Your never to old to learn to play guitar.  Monty talked to me about different guitars, the components, type of wood used, etc. Thank you Monty!
