4	Love this place. Both Malia and Helen are excellent and you leave feeling fabulous. The price is right and you can walk in without a reservation. I have happy feet, happy neck, happy back, happy....
4	Delightful foot massage. Relaxing environment. Great price. Well worth it. I've been twice now and find it well worth it!
5	I was able to go to this place today, I was absolutely satisfied. Felt worlds better after the 1 1/2 hours I was there. very affordable.
5	This is the best, secret most awesome place in town for a foot massage!  They go way beyond that for incredible prices.  My mom and I go all the time... Tony is my guy and he will work out any kink.  You can't worry about your hair or makeup and its very similar to a Thai massage, but clothed and in a chair.  AWESOME!
5	Excellent!! Not as fancy and traditional like Massage Envy but I think it's better and it's also much cheaper! I'll never go back to Massage Envy with Happy Feet around:)
5	The best 30 bucks I have spent on an hour massage. Everything of importance was worked on. My favorite part was the head massage and the hand massage. I was so relaxed I even fell asleep! I will never go to a traditional massage place again. Happy feet I am now a forever customer.
5	This place is a little bit of heaven.  They do an amazing job to relax you and make you feel wonderful.  So worth the price very affordable.  You will feel like a brand new women when you leave here.
1	the girl who did me was the worst I ever had. she was horrible.  when I was leaving I believe he was the owner took my money.  I told him she was very bad, he did not say much just kind of shrugged. Outside was the women who was working the desk when I got there.  I also told her how bad it was she really said nothing.  If they were smart they could of apoligized and asked me back and try one of their more experienced people.
1	What a disappointment!!! I would seek a professional practice as compared to this Chinese Slave Camp!
1	Bad! Took a friend from out of town too. We wanted detox bath & reflexology but, owner tried to talk us out of it to a body massage & mask (said worked better) I said No that's not what we wanted. During the detox bath the machine didn't work & leaked all over the floor & they didn't give us full 30 min of detox bath because of problem & they cheated us 10 min of reflexology. We won't be back!!!!They don't like to give good service or care about their business! Waste of time & Money!
3	Just left and not a fan. They called us to say they were running 15 minutes behind, no problem, we came 15 mins later. They then take us to the room where we waited an additional 25 minutes for one massage person to come in...was my husband and I...and then another 5 for another one. They charged us a hour massage and we got barely 45 minutes. The lady up front tried to do add ons for an additional $6, when she should have been offering them for free with the delays and lack of service. Just tell people on the phone that the time they want is not available, don't try to shove everyone in to make a buck. I definitely will not be back. Too many massage places out there that actually have good customer service and make your experience worth coming back to. I was going to say something, but will make my point by not going back and definitely no word of mouth from me!
5	My best friend scheduled us for two hour massages. I fell asleep halfway through because it was so relaxing. Peter was my therapist and did a fantastic job and unlocked knots in my shoulders and feet. This is not a traditional massage where you undress on a table. this is a chair massage that lays down. wear comfy clothes and something you can roll up to the knee. the foot soak is great and everyone is nice. My besties therapist is Sue and she is also great. 2 hour massage is only 55...and pkease bring your tips in cash!!!
