5	Best grilled lamb sanwich on the face of the earth, awesome grape leaves!! don't forget the hummus
4	When you are up for something different, head to Kassab's. In the heart of the crowded South Side, the interior is refreshing and spacious, the service and fare are good. The hummus is quite good, but the chicken and filet kabobs are both done well! The fatoosh salad also boasts a great mix of herbs. Overall, Kassab's was worth the time and I will be heading back.
2	Ok, I was trying to be adventurous for the group.  I don't really have a palate for Lebanese food, but it wasn't bad.  I am a huge fan of fatoosh salad and that was definitely a good choice.  The table ordered 4 dishes that included filet pieces and chicken pieces with rice, a ground meat concoction and a hummus appetizer.  The hummus was good.  The fillet and chicken were ok.  If I were talked into going again, I'd probably order a gyro next time.
1	I went here twice the 2nd time we came the Waitress was a total bitch and very disrespectfull to my friends sister I've eaten better lebanese food! I've worked in a lebanese Resturant  not to say that the food sucks but the waitress we had was horrible!   and the food there is just ok cause like I said I've had better !
4	Kassab's was a pleasant surprise when my friend and I accidentally ventured in there two years ago.   This is a great laid back restaurant because 1) I have never once had to wait for a table 2) everything on the menu is relatively inexpensive, I have never paid more than $15 including a starter and a meal, and 3) it is BYOB so it is perfect for a small get together with your friends because you will not have to worry about disturbing a crowded restaurant.  Additionally there is not a corking fee, at least there was not as of last summer.I recommend the tabbouleh or tomato and mozzarella (actually its so big it could be a meal) for a starter, and  the grape leaves are great as well.
5	I consider Kassab's a definite staple for vegetarians who are looking for a place to eat on the Southside and who enjoy affordable prices.  With all the bars on Carson Street, Kassab's is a breath of fresh air.  It's never been too crowded for me to sit down, the service is quick, and the food is quite tasty.  Thank goodness for Kassab's!
3	This is a very reasonable restaurant with great service. I wasn't blown away by the quality of the food, but the quantity is in the right place. Two of us ordered two starters and an entree and left very full. I'd equate the food to Middle Eastern comfort food, a little bland, a little drab, but will fill you up every time and leave you satisfied. Also, they still have  no corkage fee, though they supply stemware and open the bottle with absolutely no qualms. Overall, this is a good standby place for eating out on a weeknight. It would be a good place to introduce your less adventurous friends to eating Middle Eastern food with its helpful waitstaff and some reliable food.
2	Service was good, fast, and friendly; food was okay and prices are fair, but nothing special overall. Admittedly, Middle Eastern food is not my favorite cuisine, but I've had some very flavorful chicken kabobs and shawarma ELSEWHERE that I really enjoyed. Not so much here. The menu is pretty basic--consisting of mainly sandwiches, kabobs, falafel, and humus. There was no shawarma to be found. So I had a chicken kabob. The chicken tasted like it had been marinated in salty dishwater. It came with a generous portion of rice and a salad that had a couple of tomato wedges, a slice of cucumber, and lots of feta cheese.  Filling, but nothing I will be in a hurry to go back for. Also, while not expensive, $14.99 for the above mediocre meal didn't exactly seem like a bargain either.Bottom line: my one meal here seemed bland and slightly overpriced compared to what I've had at other Middle Eastern restaurants. However,  the hummus was good, so maybe it's worth trying something else another time.
4	Kassab's has a really good falafel sandwich. They were very generous with the falafel serving; and, for $5.99 it was a great price for a quick, tasty meal before an evening at City Theater. Out of the few restaurants I've grabbed a quick bite from before heading to a show, this is perhaps my favorite. It's quick, the service is good, the prices are relatively inexpensive even for a dinner platter, and the food is tasty.It may not be an ideal location for impressing a first date before a show because the interior does resemble a nice cafeteria. Personally, I wouldn't mind, but that's just cuz I'm a cheap date :)
4	Personally I like this place a lot.  They have pertty decent food.  The hummus is good, the baba is good, the pita is fresh, the servers are kind and quick to fill up your drink, and I really enjoy their fallafel.  Quantity is awesome.  Not the highest of quality as far as ingredients go.
3	I like Kassab's. Their Mezza platter was very good and filling. It included hummus, baba ganoush, feta, olives, vegetables, and tabouli with warm pita bread. I wasn't blown away by the taste or quality of the entrees or desserts. I ordered the moussaka, which was rather dry and bland. My boyfriend ordered the chicken kebab. He also commented that his dish was bland, and kept topping his chicken with the delicious hummus and tabouli to flavor it up. One of his favorite desserts is baklava, so we ordered some. Very dry. If you like rosewater, then you will like their baklava, because the flavor is quite dominant.  I vacillated between three and four stars. I really enjoyed the Mezza platter. The waitress was kind, and the prices were reasonable. I simply wanted to be more impressed by the main course(s). I think its a great place to bring a friend who wants to venture into more "exotic" foods, but doesn't want to be blown away by spices.
4	I've been frequenting this place for years, but have taken a break due to parking scarcity!I'm glad I stoppped back in!   Had the moussaka and the creme caramel.  (Forgot to bring a bottle of wine...dang!)Teh service was attentive the atmosphere was nice, but the food (though simple) was excellent!I'll be going back because I have to re-try the lanb shank and the lamb sandwich!BTW good for vegetarians!
4	We eat here frequently.  Try the lamb shank -- my wife's favorite.  I like the baked kibbee, and the hummus and  tabbouli by themselves will fill you up -- very generous portion.
2	Decent grub, although the grape leaves sucked and the service, while quick, was RUDE. No atmosphere. Much better Med food in the 'burgh.
3	A foursome of lovely ladies were looking for a place to eat some good cheap food and we were directed to Kassab's by our Pittsburgh resident.  Kassab's is definitely not fussy, but I liked that more.  Service was very pleasant and attentive.The Mezza platter was great and perhaps even too much for the four of us to share.  I ordered the falafel sandwich and found it to be quite good, but perhaps a bit on the dry side.  They skipped the tzatziki sauce, but no worries as I just got some on the side.  My dining mates shared the Kafta platter and it was too much for them.  In fact, all of the food was excessive.  You definitely get your money's worth.  We had lots of leftovers.  I only wish I had left room for some of the Baklava.
4	I really like the sleek with fried onions- parking is a snap because there is a surface lot a few doors down on Carsen.  The fallafel and gyros are both very good.  I also think the meaaz plater is a good deal- very good baba and humos- grape leaves are good but not great- I highly recommend this no frills middle eastern restaurant.
4	Wonderful service and wonderful food! We left very satisfied from Mezza Platter to Cream Carmel & Rice Pudding! Our group of four started the meal with the aforeparised Mezza Platter which had smooth hummus and Baba Ghannooj (my favorite!), feta, olives, pickled turnip and tabbouli (the traditional parsley/mint rather than mostly bulgur wheat) all served with pita. We were all very happy tasting and catching up. The patter did not stand much of a chance with us... Entree included Loobyeh (green beans, rice, spices and tomatoes), Kafta Kabob, Falafel Platter, and traditional (with lamb) Moussaka. The entrees were served with a great salad-simple house salad but with tangy dressing and feta is became 0H-so-good! We all needed to take leftovers home but were not too stuffed to turn away dessert. Over coffees and shared Cream Caramel and Rice Pudding, we laughed and relaxed. Our server was delightful and she patiently answered questions and attended us without any rush (and we took out good ole' time!) Great unassuming restaurant!!
5	Man, I was impressed with this place. I went in and it seemed like a pretty unpretentious spot tucked in the array of restaurants in the South Side. My girlfriend ordered the falafel sandwich and it was godly tasting. I got this awesome comfort food type dish listed as Vegetarian Moussaka that consisted of layers of eggplant, zucchini, mixed vegetables, cous cous AND mashed potatoes topped with Parmesan cheese. Maybe it's because I am a small town fella but I thought that was a pretty darn unique combo. Anyway, would recommend. Great Greek spot for a quick Saturday afternoon lunch.
4	Wow !! All I have to say! I use to live in California and eat mediterranean and lebanese Greek food a lot and they ha the beat places there ! My boyfriend and I went to eat there yesterday and we didn't know what to expect. But once we sat down it was great! I have chicken and kafta with rice and  pita and I asked for the garlic thiti sauce.  So bomb!! Best food I've had in soo long  was not expensive at all!  Yummmmmm
4	Always one of my favorites in Pittsburgh's Southside. The falafel sandwich with a side of hummus. Unique and delicious. Very cool space with a large brick wall.
4	I've been to Kassab's several times, both for sit-down dinners and for pick up orders to-go.  I've never been disappointed.  Usually, this is my go-to stop for a quick dinner to-go.  If you order falafel and hummus it's a perfect dinner and it is ready in 5-10 minutes.  For sit down dinners, I get fancy and try the other dishes.  My favorite is Kassab's moussaka.  The vegetarian and original offering are both delicious.  I always recommend it for those who aren't familiar with this type of food because it's just pure comfort food.  Pair this with hummus, baba, or their delicious tabbouli, and it's one of my favorite meals on the planet.I've also had the kafta and shawarma, both the best I've had in Pittsburgh! Finish your meal with some of their baklava, which I'm not usually a fan of, but theirs seems pretty good.  The service has always been very good.  The staff is extremely attentive and prompt.Bring your own alcohol and save a little money, too, which is unique to just a few restaurants on the South Side.Kassab's often looks empty when I pass, so I hope that more people treat themselves to this gem!
5	Wow!  I love, love, love this place!  So good!  I was a bit skeptical about going to an ethnic food place in Pittsburgh because I've visited before and not had good luck.  Kassab's has prooven me wrong.  We had the Yogurt Salad and Moussaka with Mint Ice Tea.  I highly recommend this small whole in the wall to all that love Mediterranean / Lebanese cuisine and are fans of great service and a friendly atmosphere.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy in my tummy, tummy, tummy!  I've been going to this place since I was in college...so let's just say for a long time.  I used to go to the original location when they were at the corner of 10th and East Carson and followed them as they moved to 12th and East Carson.  Although I wouldn't consider myself a regular, I do get cravings for this place from time to time.  I usually get the stuffed grape leaves - meat please!  And the falafel sandwich or platter.  Make sure you go with company b/c it's too much food to eat alone especially if you get an appetizer.  I recently tried the baba ganoush and it was delish and flavored perfectly.  FYI - They only accept cash if your order is under $10.00.  But if over $10 buckaroos, feel free to use a credit card.
5	Hands-down best Lebanese food in Pittsburgh!I work nearby Kassab's, so I find myself ordering from here A LOT. I mean, like, a falafel-sandwich-at-least-once-a-week A LOT. Their falafel sandwich, which I greatly prefer to their falafel platter, is probably the best falafel sandwich I've ever had. The sandwich includes lettuce, tahini, pickles, the crunchiest balls of falafel (ever), and tomatoes - feta optional (but ohhhh, so worth it). Everything is served on fresh and delicious pita bread.The sandwiches here will run you about $6-10 a pop, but they're larger than most sandwiches. My wallet always urges me to split my sandwich into two meals, but I assure you, eat it in one sitting! The pita's always soft and fresh, so it tends to get soggy if left overnight.I've only dined in once and the service was efficient and friendly. No qualms here. Cute Mediterranean-inspired decor as well.
5	Delicious !! Just ate the mixed grill with kafta and chicken! Such huge portions and great taste! As an appetizer we had the spinach pie ! Recommend it ! Yum!!
4	I came in here for lunch on a Thursday - the place was empty, which made me sad, but it meant that I got my take-out chicken shawarma sandwich very quickly.  The server was funny and friendly, and offered me a glass of water while I waited.  The sandwich came out in only a few minutes, and was big enough for me to make 2 small meals out of it.  It was hot, with seasoned chicken inside, along with lettuce, tomato, and nutty tahini sauce.  Actually, I'm craving one now just thinking about it. I was surprised that they weren't more busy, given the friendly service and fresh, tasty food.  I hope to have the chance to come back soon - I'm almost never on the South Side, but I'd definitely return if I was nearby again.
3	Ordered take-out lamb sandwich (forgot the name). Tasty,
4	I eat at Kassab's quite frequently.  They have wonderful Sleek.  The prices are very reasonable, the food is freshly prepared, and everything is quite delicious.  The wait staff have always been very attentive and friendly.
4	Cute little BYOB Lebanese place on Carson Street.  I love the exposed brick and stark wood tables.  The food is great.  Wild Rice appetizer is so richly flavorful that it's hard to believe it's meatless.  The hummus is smooth and creamy, and the lamb shank falls off the bone.
5	Excellent BYOB spot in south side.  There were some older guys kicking it here godfather style with vino flowing...table pounding, jokes and lots of laughter.  I'm not sure if that's the normal here but it created a fun enviroment.  Sad to say that I didn't know it was BYOB or we would have brought vino or beer beverages in.....tonight it was water for my SO and I...(SO meaning significant other).  We ordered the hummus and pita bread which was excellent.  I ordered the chicken house salad which comes with iceburg lettuce, toms, olives, cheese, cucumber, chicken.  HUGE!  The dressing is good stuff...Kevan (SO) ordered the spicy chicken sandwich which looked like a gyro.  I had a bite and could not even identify the spice but wow that kick was good!The total cost $24 without tip.  I did notice there are some more expensive dinner style options here which i will go back and try no doubt (like the filet skewers).This is a great place for some Lebanese style grub.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND and BYOB!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	A little bummed.  I expected more from this place.  It's been around forever and one of those places you've heard is solid.  One of those places I was embarrassed I hadn't tried yet because it's been around for so long!I've been on a Greek food kick lately so I was craving some grape leaves.  Recently I've had some really awful grape leaves at the Arts Fest (I know, what was I thinking!) and some really awesome ones at another festival that has a strong Greek heritage in the community.  I like chilled grape leaves that are tightly wound.  The grape leaves here are loosely wound and a tad on the  mushy side.  The really awful ones I had were super mushy and unedible.  These were still good, had an okay lemon flavor, but they were served warm and I felt like they may not have been marinated long enough.  Not impressedI also ordered the Tabbouli which had WAY too much parsley and not enough of the goodstuff... onions and tomatoes.  It also said it came with fresh warm pita bread.  I did not get that pita bread.  Which brings me to my next point...The server was miserable.  From start to finish I knew she did not want to be there.  Serving to me is fakin' it til you make it!  You gotta work for that tip... I mean, if you're a server you usually have to have some kind of personality, right?  Even if she did, it was not her day.  I think that's why I did not get my pita bread.  Honestly, not having the best experience, I don't know if I'd be back.
4	Great Food. My favorites are the beef shawarma, hummus and grape leaves.
5	This may be my favorite take out spot. My co-workers and I order from here at least once a week. The food is always quick, hot and cooked perfectly.  My favorite: the portabella wrap with provolone.Just a note: Kassab's has a very nice dining room. I just choose take-out because I work nearby.
4	I have gone past this place so many times and never knew it existed. Going here was a nice little surprise for dinner with the boy. Server was nice, service was fast. Grape leaves were pretty good, hummus was delish, and the lamb pita wrap I had was pretty awesome. I'd go again.
4	I've got two compliments. My girlfriend and I both ordered the vegetarian sampler and the server said that we should just split it, it's enough for two. And so it was. I LOVE staff that is interested in customers having a good experience rather than a big check. Also my friend had an off menu coffee drink request. They made it no problem. The food was good, lots of vegetarian choices and I liked the vibe. I'll be back!
3	Going with three stars for Kassabs it is more greek-american style than authentic lebanesey middle eastern cuisine.Though some of the dishes i wish leaned a little more towards traditional lebanese cue in Tabbouleh, it either usually has too much parsley or too little, not enough mint or lemon.The hummus is just ok i know its one of those things, you like it or you don't I don't mind salty hummus but just a tad more garlic and it would be good.Kafta: Ive had it before it and it was like-able no big issues but, then I had it a second time it was wayyyyyyy over-spiced. It was served in a wrap with pickled beets, chopped green spicy peppers, and ground lamb meat. The meat was a little overcooked and over-spiced when paired with the spicy pepper Aden tomato. It was a lot going on all at once, the beet and but remember salty. The peppers - needed to be toned down too many = too much spice, the parsley- slow down on it there are other herbs. It left me wondering it if they had a new chef? The falafel: ok kind of hard to screw this one up, I will say it tastes like its made from a mix and it is a bit dry. Shout out to O'falafel in salt lake city who make their's in a burger patty shape keep it soft and moist in the middle and crispy on the outside and use fresh herbs mmmmmm. I have never had a bad experience with the service, one server is pretty tall dark and handsome I cannot complain about parking, there are side streets behind Carson which is nice. Which is what gets this place more than a 2 star review, If you're a foodie sort of you will not love this place.If you like more Greek style cuisine you will like it, the decor is nice bathroom was spotless.
2	I've had Shawerma that melts in your mouth.  Not here. The sandwich is more like a wrap than a traditional Shawerma - I should have realized that when they asked if I wanted Provolone on it. It's not that bad, it's just not what one thinks of when ordering a Shawerma.  Their version has the meat, herbs, onions, tomato, and lettuce tightly wrapped in something a little thicker than a tortilla but a lot thinner than pita bread.  It's also kind of on the expensive side - $8 without a side.  Most people were ordering salads.  Perhaps that's what I should have done.
2	Not too impressed , very crowded ,Loud , poor seating , Gyro had little to no flavor, Expensive , Poor parking. Sorry Guy's ,I wont be back.
4	Excellent gyros bursting with flavor but I wouldn't order their meat pies or spinach pie...they aren't authentic and taste like Mediterranean hot pockets. The server mentioned that they weren't made in the restaurant and that they came from pita world so maybe that was a clue..
4	Kassab's is one of my favorite places for lunch on the Southside of Pittsburgh.  Great ambiance with perfect lightning and the huge colorful wall mural/painting (wow - I remember the hole-in-the-wall old location on the corner many years ago - monumental improvement to say the least).  Kassab's usually has very quick and friendly service despite the fact that the 1 or 2 servers are covering a very busy lunch crowd. I always seem to get my unsweetened ice tea refilled once or twice just when I need it.  I need to expand and explore the selection of dishes that I try at Kassab's.  I usually go with the lamb pita sandwich (with no cheese) - incredible.  This does NOT seem like a healthy option because they cook the ground lamb with a quite a bit of oil but very yummy.  The add a touch of hummus on the lamb sandwich which makes it perfect.  Another favorite at Kassab's is the baba ganoush with pita.  I have mixed feelings and results from the falafil pita sandwich at Kassab's - I am pretty picky about my falafil.  The Kassab's version is huge compared to most but could sometimes use a little more flavor, sometimes a tad mushy.  I think there are better falafil options in Squirrel Hill - hey maybe a Talk thread is in order on this topic!   Similar to some other Yelpers, I am NOT a big fan of warm grape leaves from Kassab's (and the tabouli could use a little kick in the @$$) but perhaps those 2 are made in the Lebanese style?  I am looking forward to trying new things on the menu someday soon!
5	This is my favorite middle eastern restaurant in pittsburgh.  It's like going to my grandmother's house for dinner!
4	Another place I finally went to, then immediately kicked myself for never having eaten here!Wife got the Grilled Lamb Pita, I got the Beef Schwarma Pita.  I got feta cheese, but on the side.  My wife does not like hummus, but her order came with it, so I said put it on the side.Long story short, every aspect of the entire meal was great.  The lamb was tender and perfectly seasoned.  Same with the Schwarma.  And the hummus, the wife finished it off.  It was smooth, and tasty, delicious.I am really used to hummus that is just a bit grainy, and  has a pronounced tahini and lemon flavor.  usually just on this side of bitter.  I mean, I like hummus, but I always assumed it was supposed to taste a little bitter.The hummus here was a revelation.  It was smooth and creamy.  And the tastes were so mild, you could taste all of the individual ingredients, but it all blended into a smooth delicious flavor unlike anything I have ever had before with hummus.  It was GREAT!The side of feta cheese was also something new and delicious.  And again, I was so used to feta cheese being hard, a little bitter, sharp tasting.  In this case, the feta was shredded.  It was smooth and tasty, and melted in my mouth.The lamb and the beef schwarma pitas were every bit as good.  This place usurps every other middle eastern pita or wrap I have ever had anywhere, ever, at any time, ever in my life.  Ever.I am off tomorrow as well, and am going to do the vegetarian thing.  In fact, up until now, my line had always been "if all food was as good as Indian food, I would be able to be a vegetarian.".  Now, the vegetarian thing includes this place.  I am going to update the review if I remember.  I was going to do Taj Mahal lunch buffet, but am coming back to Kassab's, and I am getting the sleek, the eggplant stuff, that parsley grain salad, etc (sorry, I dont remember the names of the items, but I know the ingredients!).Thursday.  Vegetarian day at Kassab's.  I can't wait!  YUM!
2	Totally unimpressed....Came here for lunch as I have been wanting to check this place out for sometime. There was definitely a lack of waitstaff for the lunch hour but they still did a pretty good job.Ordered the Baba gounosh as an appetizer and it was good really can't complain except for the fact that they gave us three pieces of pita to eat it with. I had to ask the server atleast three times to bring back some more.  The bread wasn't that great. I had a Chicken Shawarma, it was not very good, actually it was a joke. between the extremely overcooked chicken, poorwrap job and the fact it had absolutely no flavor. What's the point of coming back and trying something on their overpriced menu.The lovely special lady order a chicken gyro and it was basically just as bad except that it was drowned in Cucumber sauce and some feta cheese that they had the never to charge us an extra dollar for. Ali Baba is a better bet and the prices are better at Ali Baba. Thanks
4	This is very authentic Lebanese food.  The hummus and chicken shwarma (my two favorites) are both excellent.  The staff is polite and efficient.  Parking is always a nightmare on the South Side, so I only usually go on off hours (Saturday lunch).  But the food makes up for the frustration of looking for a place to park.
4	This place has amazing gyro's. i never knew a gyro could have such flavor coming from a place not named for it's gyro's. The interior is nice and cozy with tall ceilings and greek mural drawings on the wall. I really enjoy the ambiance. We always go for lunch when it's not too busy. I get their lamb gyro with cheese. The feta cheese they put on top makes taste even better. The taste of fresh tomatoes and lettuce, plus their sauce is outta this world. It's probably the best gyro on the south side.I've never tried too much of their other food except their meat pie which is store bought not freshly prepared so those i would have to say were pretty bad. they were very dry! Just bread and ground beef with no real flavor. we pushed it to the side while waiting for our gyro. I read that the grape leaves weren't too appetizing so it leaves me to wonder what else this place has to offer?Update, I tried the grape leaves and they were ok. A little on the tender side and by tender I mean too soft. I've had better before so I guess that's what I am comparing them too.
5	Thank you GOD. I had some hummus. I also had some babaganoush and when I asked him if they used mayonaise in it, he said "why would we do that? Who does that?" BLISS. I had the lamb shwarma sandwich--great, reasonably priced and shared the appetizer platter with hummus tabouli and baba and they had the pickled turnips...you can't even know how much those turnips mean to me. When I discovered this place I felt that I could live in Pittsburgh, because every city needs to have food that keeps you coming back and this is the ethnic comfort food I am looking for.
4	The thing I love about this place, other than the fact that I love any and all Lebanese cuisine, is that even if you have a "meh" experience, you're never totally turned off. I've had great experiences and I've had the "meh" variety, but I never dock them for it. I don't know if it's the casual setting or the BYOB part, but I always enjoy my time there.I highly recommend the hummus plate for starters, which I'm convinced is just Pitaland hummus and pita, but that's fine by me. Also, any of the lamb plates are great. The wraps are wonderful, but I think they do best with a full entree. The only thing that sucks is that they're in the South Side, which I try to avoid a lot these days, but if you find parking then you're good to go. Grab a bottle and enjoy!
5	Simply the best Lebanese food that I've had in the States. Superb. The prices are also reasonable, and I've never had a problem getting a table right away.
4	Not for everybody, but we enjoyed it. The sleek appetizer was really good. Entrees were fairly priced, decent sized, and really good. Service was fine.A great place for a casual meal with some different flavors.
5	I've been eating here since I was a kid and it was on 10th street. In fact, I used to live behind them and be tortured by the smells. When I used to travel with my boss, we would just order a bunch of falafel wraps to go from the woman that used to answer the phone by yelling, "KASSAB!" Awesome roadtrip food. Now, more often, I get the portabella wrap. It's messy, but worth it and you can just eat the last few bits with a fork. Great pickled veggies and hummus.It's gone more upscale since the old days, but also pricier. Oh well, glad they can survive the rents on Carson.
1	I have been coming to this place forever eating in or take out and the food has always been amazing.  The last three times we have ordered, have become more and more disappointing.  I knew I would never go back to Kassab's when we ordered the Chicken Shawrama and tabouli salad.  The chicken was dry, did not have any sauce, and the pita was crunchy.  The salad was not fresh, it was soggy and flavorless.  I called and asked to speak with the manager who refused to speak with me.  The waitress who relayed my complaint to the manager while I was on the phone with her was screamed at by the manager who I could hear yelling that the chicken was fine and the food is all fresh. The service here has always been iffy, but we put up with it because the food was always spot on...it seems that since they opened their bar the food has declined.  Not sure if the two are connected, but after hearing the way the manager spoke to the waitress, inadvertently addressing my complaint, we will not be returning to Kassab's.  They need to realize the importance of their customers and treat people with respect.
1	Wow... Who writes these reviews???The food is pretty good but the service is horrible!!! We ate on 9/6 and the girl working there is BAD!!Management needs to make some changes.
4	I've had all the middle eastern food this world has to offer and after moving to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles, this did make me a little less home sick. It really hit the spot! Will totally come back!!
5	Most delicious Greek food in Southside
4	I've been here a few times now and it never seems to disappoint. I come here because the food is nostalgic to when I was in Israel, especially the Shawarma. It's the next best thing in Pittsburgh. It comes fresh in a warm pita and has the option of de-kosherizing with a feta option, which I almost always do :) The atmosphere is warm and welcoming and draws a great lunch and dinner crowd. Make your next stop in the southside to Kassabs for an escape to a cultural oasis through Lebanese cuisine!
4	I enjoyed this place. It's a simple setup and a straightforward Mediterranean style menu. The entrees don't include hummus, but if you order it as an appetizer you'll have enough to last at least three people through their meals.The pita is served warm too. Which I know is something little, but it's a nice touch that makes a big difference to me.Service was good too. We got our food reasonably quick, and our waiter was very courteous and attentive.
