4	I really love these fries!!!!!!!!Either way, decarie hot dog has always been and always will be my favorite spot for fries. They even have picnic tables outside now!PS- I took away a star because I saw a fly floating in their vinegar which either meant it's a complete fluke.. or they don't check for stuff like this very often. Anyway, the fly was dead so it's no biggie..
5	You can't beat Decarie Hot-Dog. Voted the best in Montreal. I have been a customer for over 35 years!!!
5	The BEST steamies and poutine under the sun.Decarie hot dog is the greasiest of spoons, but the food more than makes up for the cramped dining space and dirty floors.  The people behind the counter know what they are doing and have delivered the same quality products for decades.  A must-eat when passing through Montreal.  Cash only!
5	I've tried the poutine all over Montreal and definitely Decarie's is one of the best. It's the sauce that has some zing to it. Check out the chicken club sandwich that's made with real chicken breast and not that pressed garbage...
4	best poutine in Montreal!! small little place.. not like a fancy resto.. but its the sauce on that poutine that u get cravings for!!!
5	I've been going here for more than 10 years, since when I first started at Vanier. Best poutine in Montreal as far as I'm concerned. Their staff hasn't changed that much over the years either - great that they can keep older hardworking people going with a routine and income.Can't go wrong with anything on the menu really from steamies to club sandwiches to burgers to fish and chips even. If you like your fries crispy, just ask and they shall deliver. Extra gravy or cheese for your poutine will cost you though. They have a good assortment of soft drinks including cream soda - they'll be happy to pop open the non-twist top for you.When you enter to order, and they give you a look, don't be afraid, just shout out your order. Forks are in a big tub near the door - can't be missed. Cash only on their old register (they do the arithmetic in their heads) and not much seating room if you come when it's busy.They open bright and early everyday at 5 or 6am and close every night at 1am. Perfect for that late night fix if you are coming on the metro. Only downside: poutine prices have shot up from $3 to $4.75 over these past 10 years. Tough for a student to swallow.
5	Decarie Hot Dogs is one of Montreal's classic steame and patate frite joints.  I always stop in and visit when I'm in town.  Have been going here since 1970 and highly recommend it!
2	Very friendly staff but I honestly liked the poutine at Burger King better. It is VERY cheap to eat here I suppose but you get what you pay for. If you usually eat high quality all beef hotdogs you will not enjoy the bland mystery meat pink mess they sell. I am not jewish but I have a whole new respect for kosher hot dogs now. If you are only in montreal for a couple days maybe there is higher quality food you would prefer to eat. This stuff was not easy to digest.
1	One word... OVERRATED. The hot dogs are quite regular. The fries are nothing special. The poutine is subpar by city standards. If you're from out of town and someone told you that this was the place to go to for poutine... Then your source doesn't know what he's talking about. PS: hygiene should not be something you read about in a medical textbook. I demand it from a restaurant.
4	I love these hot dogs, the hamburguer not so much. The poutine is very good too
3	This place is another institution. About the size of a lunch counter, there's room for no more than 10 people at a time, including the four people working the kitchen. The fare is straightforward: steamed hot dogs covered in coleslaw, greasy fries, and poutine. You can also buck the trend and get a burger, and I hear they do fried fish? I don't know about that, if they really do I would avoid. Anyways, one thing you should know is that if you set foot in there, you'll come out smelling like a greastrap. Just sayin'. Your best bet is to find a kid and send him/her in with your order. That way you get your cake and eat it too.
4	I used to go here when I was in College which is walking distance away. Decarie Hot Dog has been around for years, and is still going strong. It fits about 15 people at one, but is usually a grab and go sort of place.  The French Fries and hamburgers are great. They cook everything amazingly well. You will want to keep coming here just for hot dogs or burgers.
3	This place is great if you're trying to get a quick fill. The poutine and the sandwiches comes in great portion size. The hot dog and burger in my opinion are just average. This place does great and provides excellent taste consistency when its super busy, like summer time, or I suppose when students come in. The past few evenings that I have been visiting here seems to be very mundane. The fries tasted like they were thawed longer then usual giving a soggy taste, and you really couldnt miss the burnt oil smell either. The sauce on the other hand is still holding its rep high. I used to come here when I was at Vanier, still do when I really want to eat something on the go, other then usual M.cDoRecap: Visit here when you really really do need a quick fill for an empty stomach :)
3	I had to try my first Poutine, and this place was closest to my hotel. So I headed over on a chilly January evening and got two dogs, poutine and a soda for $8.75. First, the atmosphere...how can't you like it? The guys behind the counter are friendly and funny, on the rare occasion they speak. It's small and cramped...er, cozy. However, you won't be here long, so it's OK. So, the poutine? Well, I have never had one before, so take this with a grain of salt - it was OK. I don't necessarily need to have it again (though I understand that may get me permanently banned from the Province of Quebec), but I'm glad I did. The hot dogs were decent. All in all, it was a fine, quick, cheap meal, but nothing ridiculously memorable (aside from my first poutine).
4	great service and great fries (poutine as well). cozy like schwartz but expect really greasy food and to fall into a food coma after.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said.  A hole in the wall kinda spot that has about 8-10 benches to eat at the counter.  They do some of the best fries, hot dog steamies and burgers in town.  The staff has been there forever and it shows when you see the friendly manner in how they treat their customers.I'd definitely rank this place in with other Montreal institutions like Schwartz and Orange Julep.
4	The best fix for a fast food crave!!! The poutine's sauce is slightly sweet, the fries incredibly crunchy and just greasy enough and the cheese curds have the perfect amount of squeak :) side by side, the seats are cozy and the workers and owners of the place just make you feel right at home! The decor is cool, badges and stickers from business, school, products randomly everywhere. I am just incredibly sad that they dont have their old traditional cash register and tiny bottles of pop anymore :( it really added to the charm of the place.
5	Hi Johnny Mou here for another old time review from years ago. I went there with all the Laval and Verdun Hogs ,Maple leafs ,Scorpions and 1 of the most interesting scoffs was me Cliff and Alcade ,trashed at 1 am coming back from some function 25 hot dogs between us and diet cokes,.   hahahahaha  heluva job Decarie and keep cranking out the steamers
2	very friendly but the really need to do better hygiene .
5	If your looking for a steamie and great poutine and are not claustrophobic, this place is awesome. The atmosphere is exactly what it is. No pretentiousness at being the best, just a family run fun place for a quick treat. And treat it is. The friendly banter between regulars and staff/owners/family makes you feel right at home if you can find a spot to sit. Dont go with all your friends unless you're doing take away.Sad to hear the cash register has been replaced and no more pop bottles. :(
4	Best greasy spoon you can ever find in Montreal. I went to a CEGEP nearby for two years and been to the place at least 5 times a month. Their hot-dogs, hamburgers, glass bottle Coca-Cola and vintage decor can pull you back to the memories of the 30's. Their poutine is by far the best I've had in the whole Montreal, and they've been on the Gazette more than once for their hot-dogs and poutine.It is a small Italian family owned business, so the cooks are very friendly and outgoing, however the place may have a slight sanitary problem. Well, it's a greasy spoon, waddaya expect?
1	There are much better hot dog joints in this city. Food was average.. Place is stuffy snd dirty...Staff was very cocky and very pushy. I felt I was getting served by a used car salesman. I would never go back...
3	I've been going here since i was a teenager. and yes the place is a total dive. I guess in their own right once they got it right why fix it .. this is not a date night place to go and eat this ,is a classic 1950s Montreal diner with no gimmicks  great hotdogs and double fried french fries, a great place to bring the kids just before a long road trip.
5	Very affordable and tastes sooo good! Very friendly staff! Overall great place!
5	All I went for was the poutine and at $4.95 for a huge dish they did not disappoint. The gravy is not too salty, you get plenty of cheese curds and the fries are the perfect size for soaking up all that gravy goodness. There was also plenty of ketchup available on the counter for those that want to augment their poutine experience. Getting Coke in a glass bottle was a nice option as well. There are only a few stools to sit at inside plus a couple picnic tables outside if the weather is nice.
5	I love this place. The fries are top notch. Crispy and delicious. I wish I could eat two all dressed steamies and an order of fries every day of my life and not get fat.The poutine sauce is a bit sweet for my taste but it's nice and chickeny. The club sandwich is great as well.But everybody knows it's all about the people. The staff is amazing.If you're in the area, go there. Please.
5	Location can get crowded at times, but their hot dogs and fries are outstanding. Really friendly staff too.
5	The last stop with my Van visitors. 4 steamies, a huge serving of pouting and a sharing size bottle of spruce beer for under $15! Amazing. Best poutine I've ever had. Delish.
1	nothing great
4	Good burgers, fries, and hot dogs. Fed my family for $20 CAD and no complaints. Not a tourist place but good fun. Local joint. Walked down the street for gelato later.
5	Last night my husband and I had one of our best dinners in all of our Canadian road trip.  It only cost us a grand total of $20 (with tip) and it was at a little 8 seat lunch counter with two men cooking.  We each got two steamies (aka hot dogs) fully dressed (with mustered, onions, and coleslaw), an order of poutine, and a can of coke.  Our food was quickly prepared by two men who you can tell have been serving up hot dogs and poutine for a good part of their lives.  The food was unbelievable.  Once the order of poutine and hot dogs were set before me I dove right in.  The poutine was a beautiful medley of crispy French fries, creamy cheese curds and rich slightly sweet and salty brown gravy.  It got better with every sinful bite.  The steamies aka hot dogs were fantastic.  Your perfectly cooked hot dog topped with traditional yellow mustered, finely diced onions, and a splendid creamy coleslaw that added a lovely hint of vinegar.  The prices were amazing.  Each of our meals (2 steames, poutine, and a can of coke) were $9.42 with tax.  Let me tell you that is a lot of food for that price.  We were both so full.  If you are in the mood for great poutine at a fantastic little hole in the wall this is the place for you.  If you are into pretentious poutine, sitting at a table, drinking from a glass, and having a waitress wait on you maybe you should check out somewhere in Montreal proper.
5	There's something comforting about a freshly assembled diner dog, could it be the fact that your fingers dimple the soft bread? These franks aren't homemade, aren't imported from some artesian deli somewhere in the Southwest area of the city; they are the same kind you buy, as the buns are the same as the ones next to the sliced white bread in your local grocery store. So why is this meal of steamed hot dogs and french fries so popular? It's the tradition of it, the ritual of going out to get a hot dog. Whether it's a treat, a quick bite, or even a moment that's shared between a father and son for the first time in the course of a busy day, there is always time for a hot dog.
3	People are often confused about decarie hotdogs' poutine. It's not the original poutine with salty sauce. It's more like a sweet, nonsalted and slimy sauce that will make you wonder if it's poutine at all. However, different doesn't mean it's bad. To each their own. I didn't like it, but some of my friends did. I also got one of their hotdog. Very cheap, fast, but below average. You get what you paid for.
5	I've been to Decarie hot-dog in Ville Saint-Laurent twice now. You can get two steamies with fries and a pop for about 7$ or 9.50$ for the poutine instead of fries. Nice, cheap and greasy. Open late and easy to find parking on the street after 6 pm. Cash only.
5	Been going here for more than 20 years. And hope for another 20. Classic mom&pop shop with great food at a great price. Whether it be take out or at the counter on a classic stool you won't be disappointed.
5	Absolutely fantastic Montreal hot dogs and fries. Almost literally a hole-in-the-wall, open well into the night, it's staffed by friendly, efficient, and devoted family. If you can grab a stool and eat there, the atmosphere is both authentic and historic in Montreal. Grabbing a bag with a couple all-dressed dogs and heaping casse croute fries to-go takes seconds, and is absolutely delicious.
5	3rd visit was just as good!
4	1st visit, it was good and cheap! Not big fan of hot dogs but overall I liked what I had
5	Decarie Hot Dog is a Montreal institution. If you have a craving for comfort food... this is the place to go.... AAAAAND it's always open.The esthetic of the place and neighborhood look somewhat shady as well as dirty but it can be worth your time to quickly come here to eat anyways. The place is literally this tiny hole in the wall, easy to miss with very limited seating and it can get pretty busy.I've been here many times in my life without issues to have their "Lafleur" steamies. Hot Dog Decarie prepares them quickly and so dirt cheap you can easily buy more. And why not??? These dogs go down nicely and are delish!My favorite though is their popular poutine. It's a 'notch below excellent' and is unlike many places that do serve poutine, it's consistently as good each visit. Huge portion, the fries are just right, generous with the extra squeaky cheese curds and the gravy goodness is damn solid folks. All for a mere $5. Best deal in the city as far as I know.For a mere 10 bucks you'll leave this place with a full HAPPY stomach. What's not to like?
3	Small space but honestly the price was good and the atmosphere was a cool local quick food stop with friendly people working there, quick to joke with you in a nice way. Had a "Steamie" for the first time but its basically like any other basic small sized hotdog however with the sourkraut, onions and mustard (I didnt bother putting ketchup on) it was pretty yummy, had I not gotten the poutine I probably would have dominated at least 4+ dogs alone. The poutine, as expected in Montreal, had awesome cheese curd and the way I figure is all poutine places usually have equal curd, what distinguishes poutines is the "sauce" (aka gravy) that each place uses. This one was very yummy... my wife refered to it as "spicy" but really it was this subtle kick of garlicness in it that  set it apart from just a basic gravy. Good stuff, if you are near there and need a quick bite i'd for sure pop in. Nothing MIND BLOWING, but good affordable food, and I can accept that.
5	My father ate here when he was a student here way back when.  He brought me here when my family visited Montreal in 2004.  I've come back here every time I visited.  It's a long ways away from anything, but it always well worth the trip.
5	Hot dog. Essentially made out of 'mechanically seperated meat trimmings'. Yes, three adjectives are used to substantiate the immediate ingredient, meat. Ambiguous. Be that as it may, a hot dog is always deserving to be had once in a while. The better ones are steamed. To be fair, I don't think their dogs are any worthier than those of their competitors. Such intangibles like their brand and the 'Mr Nice Guy' owner whom always busy with the day-to-day cooking and greeting build the establishment into a local institution.
5	I found this place because of a facebook poll about the best fries in Montreal. aAfter seeing all the post I decided to go and give it a try for myself.It is a very small place right by Cote Vertu metro and if you don't know its there you can easily miss it. By the look of this place its been there forever. Signs are older looking and so is the set up. They have a small counter with about 8-10 seats and they also have seating outside.I can tell you all that I am very happy I gave it a try because they are by far the best fries I ever had. I had a poutine and the size is big and he gravy was out of this world.The prices are also very good so if your hungry for some old fashion hot dogs and fries this place is worth the detour. Just be prepared they only take cash so no credit card or debit card.
