3	Pretty good and somewhat little known place.  Food was good!  Would be cool if they could turn into a lounge/bar/setting on Friday & Saturday nights.
4	I had the Vaca Frita (shredded beef and onions) and Bistec Encebollado(grilled steak smothered in onions), both were really good.  The rice and beans (moros) could have been better, but the sweet plantains were good.  Overall the food and service was great, I just wish they could perfect the rice.
5	Very good food, and customer service. Saturdays are even better. Been going for years now. Best Dominican food in Charlotte.
3	Went here recently and had lunch.  Small place right on Tryon - there is a private lot.  Very fun place with music and lots of tables.  There is a tiny bar also.Service was excellent - food is Dominican, mixes of all sorts of Caribbean dishes.  I had a great chicken dish with veggies and it came with another whole plate of rice, lettuce, and fried plantains.  My boyfriend got a steak dish with onions that was similar to mine.Everything was pretty inexpensive and I definitely will come back and order some different options to try.  Thanks guys!
3	So where do old fast food joints go to die?  Here.  I'm not hating on it, just funny.  Anyway we stopped in here for a lunch the other day.  It was a recommendation from a friend and although it wasn't horrible I just can't say I was in love with any of it.The chicken was dry and I swear I think my George Foreman grill probably could have done better.  The steak was literally hard to cut.  I think the main issue was my expectations were too high and I think not knowing the menu well enough hurt my experience.  I'd give it another shot if I'm ever up that way probably.
2	Came here with my family on a Saturday night, the place was dark for a restaurant. Extremely loud music. I didn't like that when my drink order was taken they bought out a can of diet coke, when there was visibly a soda machine with free refills. So had to send the can back. Also the food was overpriced for your typical Dominican Restaurant. The food was ok in taste. Wouldn't really go back to this place rather go to Saona Or Abuelitas and they are very close by for better food and ambience.
4	We had the stew beef with sweet plantains, rice, lettuce, and red beans. It was enough for two people for less than ten dollars. The food was great. Very authentic. The place was very lively people where playing games in the front, music was loud, and there was a large table beside us. Very dimly lit though
2	This used to be one of my favorite places in Charlotte (I was even the mayor on Foursquare) and one of the only places in the city with authentic dominican food and atmosphere...but then they changed ownership. They completely remodeled the restaurant which is nice but they increased prices, took some favorites off of the menu, and no longer give out plantain chips. I'm sad I may have to start cooking again.
5	Wow the food was amazing and the service was  good. I will be back and would suggest you try the mofongo!
5	Like another reviewer stated there is new ownership. I like what they've done. The food is excellent and they have a great beer selection. The dining room is much more inviting. The new owners are the same people who own three amigos and sabor. I've met them and they are nice.
4	The plantains are really good.  I got the chicken stew and loved it.  Stay away from the mashed plantain dishes..
4	I have been buying this food since they open.  They have a good menu  and is very traditional Caribbean Food.  They always treat you with respect.
2	If you don't know anything about Dominican food (like me) check the menu ahead of time.  Five of us went to Nanos.  Four of us ordered Mofongo.  One of us was served Mofongo.  The trouble is there are multiple items on the menu with the same name and our server didn't make sure she knew what we were ordering. They did bring a plate of plain Mofongo to make up for it.  The final nail in the coffin was having our checks jumbled up, drinks on the wrong tickets, etc.We thought "oh the folks that own sabor and three amigos are opening a new place, of course it will be excellent".  Unfortunately not.
3	We came for my brothers birthday. We had a new waitress named Kim she was really nice and for handling a crowd of 11+ I must say she did pretty well. Being from Haiti I expected more food wise. The Pollo Fritos lacked seasoning and the rice was slightly undercooked and also lacking seasoning. Would I go back? Yes I just think the crowd we brought in was overwhelming and they weren't prepared for a large crowd on a Monday night. To be honest although our waitress was by herself as a newbie the other waitress that was there should have jumped in to try to help but they didn't.
5	The food is absolutely amazing. Had a cubana sandwich and fries with a coke was one of the best lunches i have ever had!!! The waitresses were very nice too!
4	Great food, a little slow with a table of six.... All in all large portions and friendly staff... Will definitely eat here Gain
1	Came in at 11:45am for lunch. Its 12:47 and we have not received our food. We walked out. Im not paying for my order and never coming back. Sucks because the food is great!
5	It's as close to home as I can get.  If you are Puerto Rican and have a craving for mofongo definitely come here!  You won't be disappointed. I live in Greenville,  SC and sadly this is the closest spot for me. So every time I'm in the area I try to stop here. Yummm!
1	The owner has stop serving Dominican food and now is a Three Amigos serving Mexican dishes.
