5	I've been coming here for years, usually for their $5.50 lunch special but me and some friends will come here for dinner to have sushi and sake in their tatami room.  The food is very good here and the staff is very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is pretty spacious too so you don't have to wait for a seat.  If you're looking for good traditional Japanese food come check this place out!
5	I have been a huge sushi fan for years and have mistakenly going to Rusans for years, but I ate at Mizuho and I don't think I'll ever go back to Rusans.I got a meal deal with soup, salad, sushi and sashimi for about $20, which was way, way too much food. I was skeptical going in, but it is some of the best sushi in Charlotte at any price!
4	Mizuho is hard to find!  Driving "behind" strip malls is a new skill I'm learning in Charlotte.  You won't find it by driving directly to the address on Pineville Matthews road.  It's actually on the other side of Burlington Coat Factory.The menu is a little confusing but the food is classic Japanese.  They have a rather limited sushi selection but a lot of standard "cooked" Japanese food.  The gyoza (pot stickers, aka dumplings) and donburi (hot rice bowls) are excellent.  You won't go home hungry.  If you want a nice sit down dinner in a calm atmosphere with friendly service, you can't go wrong here.  And you can fit a group of eight or ten people comfortably if you make a reservation.
5	This summer I went to Japan, and coming back to Charlotte I've hit nearly all the Japanese restaurants and this is by far my favorite. It's very authentic including the Udon/Soba/Ramen offerings. My barometer is ordering the Octopus roll which is often a bit rubbery from the good places, full-on rubber from the bad places. Here it was tender and excellent. I could eat here every day since it's also a comfortable place. Take the time to find this place, it's definately worth it! And yes, they have a room for traditional seating with a tatami mat.
5	Great Japanese food!  Make me feel like eating in Japan.  We love it.
4	Surprisingly good. We enjoyed a bunch of kitchen dishes and nigiri. Place was surprisingly empty on a tuesday evening. Enjoyed the tako su, flounder carpaccio, eggplant, spinach with sesame dressing. Portions all generous on kitchen dishes. Nigiri cut conservatively. Decent selection including uni. Tomago was nice but thinly cut. Really great low key Japanese food.However, I believe there has been an ownership with a chef from the original place stlil in the kitchen, but the focus now seems to be on maki and glitz.
4	Nice Japanese food, located behind the Staples beside the lowe's. Changed it's name to Simplee Sushi or something. Either way its still good.
