2	So the entire point of fast food is supposed to be that it is quick and easy right? Not so much the case at this particular chain location. I have been here twice now. The first time was just for the drive through and all I order was a shake. After placing my order I waited in line for the cars in front of me to get their food for more than 10 minutes. While the cashier apologized for my wait, I then personally waited at the drive thru window for over 5 minutes while he made my one shake. Not really sure what that was all about. More recently I went inside and was the only person in the restaurant. It took more than 5 minutes to get my food too, and the employees spent a lot of time joking around with each other while I stood there just waiting and watching. They then realized they didn't have any curly fries made and I had to wait an additional 5 minutes for those. Food is eh, though the shake was good, service was HORRIBLE!
1	Not much to say about a fast food joint that's conveniently located all around town. This one in particular gave me food poisoning. I had the sourdough jack once and sadly I was throwing up all night long. Yup, that's about all I have to say for this one.
2	See photo of supposed "half-sy fries". I mean, c'mon JITB. Even I could guess-timate what 50/50 looks like.
2	10:10pm went by the drive through, ordered my food with extra hot sauce on the side. I get to the window, graveyard guy dustin? Doesn't greet me, hands me my bag of food "says thank you" goes back inside talks to 3 other of his employees, i look in my bag no extra hot sauce, no napkins and no fork for my potato wedges, drove home half way there i realize they didn't give me one of my sandwiches, i had to drive all the way back to get my sandwich. Horrible service.
1	By far the worst Jack ever. Food served was cold as a puppy's nose. Bun, and bacon was hard. Fries felt like i was chewing slippers, or i mean they were chewy like gum, not fresh. Came in at about 10am, prolly food left over from their midnight shift. And plus, manager was chewing gum which is NOT allowed at work. Terrible. Just terrible.
1	Find yourself another location. This has to be the worst food/service in all of Vegas.
