2	Good docs - young but nice and responsive to questions.  The office staff isn't the most pleasant.  The prices are reasonable and the facility is new - very nice.
2	For the most part, the staff and doctors at this hospital are exceptional (and the hours and facility are wonderful), with one very glaring exception, which is why I gave the rating that I did. Dr. Janeen Smith should not be trusted to treat or diagnose any pet that you take to the Fitchburg Veterinary Hospital. Being part owner of the clinic, it is very obvious to those that have made multiple visits to the clinic that she is more than willing to prescribe, test and treat just about anything, even if there is no evidence that your pet may be suffering from any of the ailments she suggests in an effort to raise the total bill that the clinic collects. We have filed a complaint against her with the State Department of Safety and Professional Services in hopes that someone regulates her actions more closely.
2	I have not been impressed with Fitchburg Vet.  We have had our dog since he was a puppy, and we know him very well.  He has always had a sensitive stomach to food, but we knew he wasn't sick because he was acting just like himself.  We kept asking the vets about it, and they told us he was sick and needed a fecal, even though his last 2 were both negative.  I finally got the best advice from Pet Supermarket (best pet store in town in my opinion) and they told us about limited ingredient and grain free food.  within 24 hours his poop was normal again.  The vets wouldn't even listen to me, and just kept telling me he was sick.  I was really disappointed that I had to go to a pet store to get advice that the vet should have known.
4	We've taken our pets to Fitchburg Veterinary for years. My dog has a lot of anxiety and fear when going to the vet (from a different vet) and Dr. Lukas and all the staff there always understanding and try to put him at ease. We are always able to get in for an appointment quickly and the staff there is friendly and helpful.
5	Dr Lukas is the best. She's very gentle and kind to my parrots. It is hard to find an avian vet in Wisconsin and we are so thankful we found Erika. Staff is wonderful and always kind. The waiting room is always very clean and cozy.
5	We take both our dogs to FVH and have no complaints and have never had any problems. We've found the staff and medical staff to all be competent and friendly and very responsive to questions. I would (and have) recommend them to anyone looking for a good vet on the west side of Madison.
5	Wow.  Can I just say, wow?  There are so many good things out, so let's just list them....1. Fair prices.  Fantastic.  I have been overcharged by other vets.  I can get my dog seen, treated, medication and food for him for under $200.  Yup.  Just to let you know I have an English Bulldog, that is nearly unheard of.  2. Really nice staff.  They actually care and like dogs.  They have a smile, given him treats and some nice cuddles when we go in.  3. Great hours.  They are open until 9pm.  Yeah, I know.  So for those of us who can not run home, pick up our dog and then race to the vet before five, there is hope.  There is this place.  4. Yes, ok, it is a little out of the way.  However, they are great.  They are nice.  They are affordable.
