3	Holy leapin' lizards, this store is HUGE.  I was looking for their prepared foods area, and oh my gosh, it just goes on and on and on.  Sushi, crepes, noodle bowls, Chinese food, pizza, chicken, turkey, salads of many nations, etcetera.  Huge cheese and charcuterie counter.  All kinds of good things.  Even a HOT DESSERTS section with cobblers and pies and all kinds of things in steam trays.  Sheesh.  I gained four pounds just looking around. ;)Prices are the typical high prices at WF, but this was certainly the most impressive prepared foods section I've ever seen in a grocery store.ETA 03/01/08: Uh, I think maybe I was jaded when I visited here - I went back last week and it's not all that, so I'm knocking off a star.  The food selection wasn't that great, and I found the prepared foods to be really overpriced (and the chicken dinner from the carvery folks was very skimpy).
4	I like the variety at Whole Foods.  I know people misinterpret organic options as being just "health" food, but a lot of the items are healthy.  Besides the regular groceries I get from there, I also get the sandwiches, packaged foods, sushi, and etc... that they make over there.  I don't think I've seen so many types of healthier cereals in a place before.  I like the "make your salad" option they have there.  You can even eat inside or outside of the store, but I'd suggest inside especially in this Vegas heat.
4	It sounds weird going for wine and cheese in the middle of a grocery store, but at Whole Foods, it seems to be the norm. My dad actually introduced me to the idea, and we went one afternoon and spent two hours talking and snacking on exotic cheeses and wines. The new Whole Foods in the District is the best grocery shopping this area has seen since Wild Oats down on Sunset. But the cheese and wine bar are what really get me going! I have been making more and more excuses to go to the grocery store, and always end up sitting and divulging in my French-feeling pastime. Half of the time, I don't end up getting what I originally came for! It's that good.Recommended cheese: Always ask the server for the best cheeses of the day, they are always right on the money. This advise goes for the wine too! (But I always get some good ol' brie)
5	It's my favorite.  We get our BARF/Raw catfood from there.  It can be expensive, but generally speaking they carry a better product.  They have a wonderful cheese selection too.Don't let them use a 1000 bags at checkout.  They will put 2 items in one plastic bag.  I've been meaning to speak to the manager about this...
3	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Whole Foods. I give it three stars because they charge too much!!!  I'd give it five stars if their prices were more affordable. I would shop there every week if I could. Why do I love it so much?1) Wide variety of foods2) WONDERFUL cheese selection, including some raw cheeses3) Awesome salad bar4) Fresh seafood and meats5) Large selection of beverages and bottled waters6) CLEAN, well organized, well lit7) Magazines, books, toiletries, oils, incense, kitchen/dining items, etc...8) Have never encountered unfriendly staff9) Environmentally conscious10) Fresh sushi that hasn't been refrigerated to death11) Awesome variety of fresh, packaged meals12) Great hot and cold food barsI could gush on and on.Because I am money conscious, I shop more at Trader Joe's than Whole Foods these days, but WF will always be my guilty pleasure for cheeses, fresh salmon and that wonderful (but overpriced) salad bar.
5	Oh how I heart Whole Foods. It has the same beautiful meat and fish cases as my location in Chicago but the bulk foods and the wine selection are even bigger. Plus - make your own peanut butter!While staying at the Green Valley Ranch, this was my second home. Fresh sushi for dinner for $5, a slice of pizza for $2 for lunch, some cheese and proscuitto and baguette and some hummus and pita from the food bar for snacks. Add in a few bottles of wine for under $10 and a delicious cannoli for dessert and I'm happy girl.
4	Even better than the Whole Foods in OC! Just finished at the gym and my husband suggested grabbing a a quick bite to eat at Whole Foods. I had never though about eating there...  The food was great, It was quick and really yummy!
4	i cant complain too much, i'll just throw the important ones out there..the coffee bar is terrible.. ive thrown out just about every espresso i've ordered. probably more than 10 times.. just a tad bit pricey in the buffet/ deli section too.
2	I have a CRAZY confession to make.... I hate Whole Foods! I especially hate this Whole Foods. I don't get the love.. sorry people.*Their salad bar SUCKS. Nothing is fresh and they don't carry any of the items I enjoy that other Whole Foods always have (ie the one on Charleston) such as Tomato/mozzerella salad or Chicken Caesar. Their cottage cheese is runny and gross.*Prices.. ok I know they for some reason are justified in having markups, but honestly some of this is highway robbery. I adore Menage a Trois wine. I typically buy it at Smith's for between 6.99 and 8.99 a bottle. Why does Whole Foods charge 16.99 a bottle? WTF. I hate you Whole Foods*Prepared food isn't that good! Pizza.. sucks.. (come on Settebello is in the same parking lot!), pasta.. awful and inedible. Sandwiches are just OK.. Just ok for these prices? come on. Sushi .. eww. Nothing is that good or worth eating at these prices. *I've found expired salsa on their shelves.. expired by a freaking YEAR. I know most grocery stores have issues, but that's pretty ridiculous.. check your shelves more than once a year when you're charging such obscene prices.I just don't get it guys.. I think the organic trend is all fake anyways, but that being said I think wasting money on subpar food is ridiculous to me. Smith's, Trader Joe's.. don't worry, I won't waste my time at this craphole anymore.
4	love the whole foods, and their pizza was way at the top of my list for many years, but in the last few months their food quality has gone down, i won't even order the pizza anymore and their sandwiches seem to be a bit off too lately, and they don't carry raw tortillas anymore either, still like it, but spending more time at fresh and easy as of late..
1	Im not a fan whole foods!  Your prices are outrageous... and your service flat out is bottom rate.... try again... drop the prices... raise the service....
2	As big of a whole foods fan I am, this location was underwhelming. It seems that the charm of the company was lost on this location, as opposed to the east coast markets.I felt like I might have well have been shopping at Wal-mart.
5	This was the very first "big" Whole Foods I had ever been to.  Up until this point, my experience had only been with the locations in Arlington, VA (medium-sized), Redondo Beach (small) and La Jolla (small).  When I walked into this location for the first time four years ago, the heavens opened up and choir music played.It is absolutely AMAZING, and is now always my first stop on the way into town.  The only downside is that the prepared foods selection is SO good that I have trouble controlling myself, and end up walking out with way too much crap that I can't possibly eat in the 2-5 days I am going to be in The Vegas.  To give you an example, they have so many soups that they have to divide them up by type: seafood, BBQ, Vegetarian, Mexican, etc.   The salad bars (yes, plural) are also divided up, including a mexican section, purely salad section, and vegetarian section.  The sushi area is amazing, and there are several seating areas inside where you can dine.  I have heard rumors that you can drink alcohol on the premises, but I have not experienced this myself.....being Vegas, and Whole Foods, it wouldn't surprise me.  With their powers combined.....they are unstoppable.There are a lot of haters out there, and it is understandable.  If you have never been vegan, you will not appreciate this place. If you have never been vegetarian, you will not appreciate this place.  If you have no idea what "100% organic" actually means...you will not appreciate this place.  If you don't know anything about the difference between a complex carbohydrate and a simple sugar...you will not appreciate this place. And if you don't know the difference between whole wheat and wheat....YOU WILL NOT APPRECIATE THIS PLACE.It is expensive. But the good stuff always is. Oh, and during the summer...their air conditioning rocks.  Ironic, but awesome.
3	Lets start with the positive.  5 big red stars for the super hot checkout guy I've been eyeing lately.  Unfortunately the checkers are so efficient that every time I've gotten in his line someone opens up another lane and I am forced to go to them instead.  But I'm determined -- and this is going to get expensive.Moving on to the store itself:  3 stars for the high prices, the slightly disappointing prepared foods (although, the stuff in the case as opposed to the salad bar and hot foods bar is always good).  Another 5 stars for the selection -- if I'm looking for an obscure ingredient, its probably there -- and the fact that I can wander around forever looking at stuff and not feel wierd about it.  ZERO stars for the fact that I have found moldy/rotten things on the shelves before.I think thats about an average of 3 stars total.  But seriously, that cardigan-clad cutie at the checkout is going to make me go broke.  He should get commission.
3	Whole foods is the quintessential "yuppie" market.  It goes above and beyond the feeling of Trader Joe's to a completely different echelon entirely.  The major upside to Whole foods is that they carry a wide variety of hard-to-find foods and the ability to make-your-own Peanut butter (amazing). Alas, the yuppie tag gets placed on whole foods because, apart from the hard to find items being pricey (to be expected) the regular items are more expensive than your average grocery/market.  So, in short get what you want and head somewhere for the best deal for your wallet.
1	Horrible customer service at this store.  I have been to many Whole Foods and this one no takes the case as the worst.  If there is a long line of customers waiting for one cashier and another young male cashier decides to open a line, he should invite the waiting customers into his line to be serviced first.  He SHOULD NOT just start accepting new customers into his line and ignore the already waiting customers.  I'd fire him if it were me.  I know that times are hard, but who is running this asylum?  I wish that I'd seen his name tag, for I'd call him out on here and complain to the store manager.  My time is valuable too buddy, and I was on vacation.
1	I have been shopping at Whole Foods since it opened approx 4 years ago - today was my final straw.  Over the last few months I have felt like the quality of fruits and vegtables were not up to standard particularly for the price they charge.  Last week we purchased a seedless watermelon for $4.99 cut it in half this week to find it totally rotten.  This morning I returned the melon and was quite satisfied when they gave me a piece of paper with a refund for the cashier of $4.99, they offered to have the produce manager pick one for me, he offered to cut it in half so we didn't relive the same situation.  All was good til check-out when the cashier weighed half of the watermelon, informed me I still had a .52 credit did I want the other half of the watermelon.  I calmly asked him if I saw the story straight that I returned a WHOLE rotten watermelon and he was going to give me in return a half non-rotten watermelon.  I asked him to call his manager, which he did and he was advised he was handling the situation correct.  At that point I told them to keep the watermelon.  Upon leaving the store I stopped and spoke with another manager and she also agreed it was handled correctly.  With all this said I think we have a multitude of other options and moving forward I will choose another.Never again will I be purchasing rotten fruit from Whole Foods.
5	I like Whole Foods market because they have a good variety of Ethnic foods and items you cant get in a regular grocery market. Try making Tacos or Hamburger Helper with Buffalo meat. Yes its more expensive but its better for you too. Try the Pizzas oh boy so tasty. The Staff are always willing to help you, for those times my Girlfriend asks for something specific there and i have no idea where it is at inside the store. Pick up a bag of Kettle Corn and stick it in the microwave for about 30 secs it tastes just like it was freshly made.
4	I love this place.  Yeah, it is painful to see avocados at $1.99, so I buy them at Smith's for 50 cents each instead.  However, this store is great because I go here often enough to know staff and see friends.  They have free cooking classes sometimes in the middle of the store, which is awesome.I am partial to the seafood counter and the cheese connoisseurs because they are always so helpful.  I had been seeking Moliterno truffle cheese forever and after a year hiatus, it showed back up.  The cheese expert today told me a restaurant requested it so they started carrying it again, but if I see something missing, he will order it for me!  I love the $1-$4 cheese tasting tidbits - always tasting something new!Meanwhile, the ladies in the Japanese/Korean area (they sell sushi, noodle bowls, satay, etc) are totally awesome.  They always recognize me, and will make anything fresh that you don't see in the case.  They have Tuesday sushi specials ($4.60 for a certain roll).  I also like WF because they give you 10% off on cases of stuff (like Teas Tea bottles for instance).  There are always iced tea samples too.  It is a good spot on Wednesdays ($2 off salad bar = $5.99 per pound).  They have raw and roasted beets in the salad bar so I am in luv.  I made handrolls today for lunch with the spicy salmon bowl from the sushi area, raw shredded beets from the salad bar, and temaki nori from the dry goods.  Save 5 cents if you bring your own bag.  The best part is I can walk here from home!
4	Nice Whole Foods. Not as nice as some in Southern California but it has a lot.  Don't forget to get "juiced" while you are there.
3	I love whole foods for its unique produce and product offerings, but the prices border on the ridiculous. This is something I've accepted but I don't have to like it. I really love their cheese selection-you wont find anything like it outside of a cheese shop and the staff is pretty knowledgable if you're looking for something specific. The check-out staff is a crap shoot. You either get someone really friendly or you get one of the many apathetic hipsters who are on the payroll whose lack of social skills and general snobbery can turn a decent shopping experience into one you want to forget. Overall it's your typical whole foods-nothing special, nothing horrific. Just average.
4	FYI for the women out there working out like me and my new personal training regimen...Whole Foods has the best selection of Luna protein and nutrition bars.  The protein line is new, and I get the cookie dough!  The nutrition bars - they have like 10+ flavors, everything but chai which surprised me since it is whole foods.  Just really impressed with the selection!!!
4	This is my favorite place to get groceries. I love all the organic fruits and vegetables here. The good always tastes so good. I am on a tofu kick right now too and they have the best tofu / meat substitute selection around. I also love that they always have sampling of wines, cheeses, ect. The hot soup section is awesome too. They have an amazing deli filled with everything from tofu to Quinoa cakes. AMAZING!It can be a little pricey but not crazy. I usually never leave for less than $50 but the quality is so much better. The way I see it, if you do not invest into what we put into our bodies, we can expect to invest into more health care costs....or something like that! Anyways, eat healthy!They also have a lot of hard to find items and a great selection of teas. I always try to get a new one everytime I go.Whole foods has a whole lot of my money....and I'm ok with it cause they are awesome!
2	Whole Foods is a extremely over priced market that does not have friendly service. Have bought many items from here to find out that they are bad when i have got home. They do not sell a lot of organic stuff. I guess i am used to markets in San  Diego area that are more health conscious and dont try and rip you off to eat healthy.The pre made foods section and organic juice bar are the highlights here but still overpriced immensely!
3	This Whole Foods felt a lot smaller to me than the one in Town Square or the one I went to in UTC (San Diego). Maybe it was just the layout that felt weird but it definitely felt cramped. What I did appreciate was the bins that you could select from whereas in SD everything was pre-measured out into plastic containers.  It felt more expensive than Sunflower Market (on Trop/Pecos) but they had more selection in terms of the open salad bar and PHO bar. $6.99 for a sandwhich felt a bit much when Subway charges $5 for a much bigger sandwich. Seafood: OMG. skip it. WoW is all I could think. Are they crazy? I'm not paying $24.00/lb for tuna or salmon. For that price I could go to a restaurant and eat it already prepared. They are crazy. OR. if im serving several I'll go to Costco and buy it there. What I will buy here is things like the Apple Cider Vinegar, dried goods from the bins...but then again those are things you can get from Trader Joe's for much cheaper. Dessert: What did impress me on the other hand was the desert selection. If you're one of those people that has several restrictions on what you're allergic to - this is the place for you. $6.99 for a single slice of gluten free carrot cake. Their ice cream selection was expensive... oops I mean extensive. All kinds of "FREE STUFF"... AND i DONT MEAN PRICES. Gluten Free Sugar FreeDairy FreeSoy FreeChocolate FreeCarb FreeYou name it. it was there. I wanted to buy but I'm still working on losing my holiday weight so I just walked out with my ACV and my $1.50 cup of coffee that I cant pay for by the coffee machine - but rather I have to go up front through the line to pay for. I think this ridiculous and odds are I wont get coffee again b/c they let some other chick pay for something else.. but my mom wasnt allowed to pay for coffee in the same line.. what the..? that didnt feel right. If I cant get it at Trader Joe's, Costco or walmart, then I'll come here.
4	I went to a cooking class here because I'm interest in healthier cooking, and I want flavor in my food. When I saw this demonstration offered I jumped on it, it was free so you can't beat that price!  It was Get Your Flavor ON ~  Cuban Vegan Style! (I'm not vegan) but I may blend that in my diet a few times a week and who knows from there....WOW I enjoyed learning to cook the menu items! It was so much, how cool & relaxed Chef Mayra cooks made everything look simple and the fresh flavors, when they hit the palate were out of this world! I left with a basket full of ingredients for delicious flavors to cook healthier. It was my first time shopping there, I truly enjoyed it and the staff were so knowledgeable and kind to assist with any questions and give suggestions too! It was brought to my attention that the cost includes the foot work they do, to ensure they allow only healthy, honest vendors selling quality foods at their establishment!  The next day I made 3 of the items on the menu and had some guest over, they loved the meal. Oh and my first time cooking with tofu (marinated in mojo sauce all day) SCRUMPTIOUS! I learned how to buy tofu for different recipes. I can't wait to attend the next class and shop again! Yum Yummy
3	It is what it is. However, the downside is the clientele that shop here. Green Valley is notorious for uppity jerks. If your don't get killed in the parking lot by a soccer mom or yelled at by some douche bag with a Bluetooth headset driving a BMW, then consider yourself fortunate. Also, they claim to have a falafel pita sandwich buy if you request it, you'll quickly find that they don't have falafel. I'm not Jewish, so I didn't complain to the management. I just hope things turn out better for other customers at this particular location, I've since decided to visit the Town Square store for my shopping needs.
5	I literally have no complaints with Whole Foods. Literally, none. It's a supermarket chain that specializes in organic food so yes, the prices are not what you would consider cheap. If you're stopping by to get lunch I would say it's the best place as far as selections go. You have several options and they're all good. I am a big fan of random teas and herbal drinks so this place has a special place in my heart. I stop at Whole Foods at least twice a week just for drinks and random items.
4	I enjoy going in here mainly for the Wednesday $5.99/lb salad bar and cooked food bar because overall, this store is relatively pricey. I guess that's what to expect with grocery stores that specialize in providing organic, high quality food. But on Wednesdays, the price and quality of that salad bar is an amazing value to anyone.
4	So this is where I ended up after my Fresh and Easy debacle.  A little bit longer drive, and a little more money.The best thing about Whole Foods is the butcher.  I have never even been able to order a better cut of Rib Eye at a restaurant except at Houston's. Their customer service is excellent; there are nice, smiling workers at every turn and corner.  The butcher makes good recommendations and doesn't make fun of me for wanting to stew cut a fine piece of meat.They also have an excellent selection of produce.  I make it a point to grab something weird on each trip, previous finds include red bananas, and a pumelo.   I will say that the prepared foods are not so great here.  I have gotten dried out sushi and funny tasting pasta here before.  Another bombshell to look out for is their large Vegan selection (if you're a carnivore like me that is).  I once took home a "chicken" salad only to later find out it was made of tofu. An added perk is that I have never shopped anywhere whose customers were so attractive on average.  Maybe the extra miles and dollars are worth it after all...
2	I really don't like Whole Foods right now. They keep discontinuing my products. First, they got rid of the only soap scent I used in there Zum Bar line. Next, they reduced the size (almost in half) of the alternate soap I had to use instead of my discontinued favorite, and of course the price didn't reduce with the size. My favorite chocolate flavor got discontinued. Not the line of chocolates, just MY flavor from that brand. Now the only leave in conditioner I use suddenly vanished without a trace from their shelves. I asked one of the employees about it and she told me that it was still there so I asked her to show me where. To her surprise, it was nowhere to be found. Apparently they don't notify their staff of the discontinued products either.Not to mention everything there is super over-priced.
4	Whole Foods is one of those stores that perfectly executes a purpose to the vegetarian, vegan, all-natural, raw-food, and organic customers. They have fabulous, fresh produce. Never have I seen a better selection of organic or all natural foods. Their Meat Counter is incredible, with everything you could think of, even aged prime rib. Their seafood counter serves sushi quality fish and has amazing selection. Their prepared foods department has so many choices it's simply ridiculous, and too tedious to name. The staff is so friendly, polite, and knowledgable. They have concierge staff so that if you can't find what you're looking for, they'll order it for you as long as you're willing to purchase at least a case of it. They are the only vegan chocolatiers I know of, and they're great at roasting their own coffee and have a wonderful selection of teas. I really REALLY love this store. So many fabulous choices, so many things you can only find here. The reason I didn't give Whole Foods a 5 star rating is the pricing. I'm not against going there for insanely fresh produce, meat, seafood, or a great lunch. But I couldn't by any means make this my one-stop grocery store, or even a place I could eat regularly. This makes me sad. I know they have their own 365 brand, but I don't even make enough money to shop using only their items. Poo. :(
3	its pricey but clean, great food and nice people.
3	I'm conflicted about bumping this rating up to four stars, but will wait until year's end to see if the above average service I've experienced here in the past couple of months is a fluke or a true improvement. I love WF for their expansive variety of organic and all-natural ingredients and their eye-popping cheese selection, however the customer service at check out at this location has ranged from straight up apathy to nice and balanced attentiveness. Lately, the service has been on the better side and I'm not sure if there have been some crackdowns or if the offenders have quit.The one section of the store that has consistently good service is the meat counter. I can't tell you how many times I've gone up with a grocery list, told the butcher what I needed and they were able to get me where I needed to go or recommend something equally as good for cheaper. They don't just recommend something-they tell you why in a non-condescending way and for someone who stands in front of the meat counter reluctantly, working up an anxiety attack over what to get, I can appreciate that. A lot.The produce is always fresh and the displays great and overall the store is cleaner than any supermarket I've been too. If the service continues the way it has been, I will happily move this rating up to a four.
4	Good place to shop, a little pricey, but you know the quality you are getting...
4	I love Whole Foods so it's not very hard to impress me, but this Whole Foods is pretty awesome. I live in California so I was able to compare this WF with it's Golden State counterparts. Overall it was virtually identical, clean, bright, fresh. The employees were just as nice and quirky as the one back home. I did notice that the prices were pretty on par with those in California. A few things were actually a little cheaper and I was able to buy a really cool organic sweatshirt for $12.50 which would have never happen in the California Whole foods. I do wish they had a larger selection of sliced bread, but I'm guessing we have more options due to the fact that most of the bread I buy there is made locally. But I still love Rudi bread and actually ended up trying Rye bread which was fantastic.
4	I go here often for breakfast before work, as its close, and right off the 215. The store is large and clean. If the reader is alread acquainted with whole foods markets, then its fits what you would expect. Overall, the facility is clean and the staff is friendly. There is a good selection of cheese and wine as well, for those who enjoy such.
3	What can I say about Whole Foods.  Say you have a bunch of money burning a hole in your wallet and you need to go shopping for a couple things, well then whole will be more than happy to take you money.  Ok, seriously I keed.  I actually work right next to this Whole Foods which is good and bad at the same time.  Most of time when I don't bring my lunch I hate to jump in my truck and drive somewhere.  So what I end up doing is wandering around this super market hungry! Yes the cardinal rule of don't go to a supermarket hungry is broken constantly in this place with me. So after spending anywhere from $10 to $15 for a small lunch I had to get smarter.  I had to be as more efficient whole foods shopper.  This is funny because they have signs on the walls on how to shop in Whole Foods. Here are a couple of deals that I like to get for lunch.  I will share them with you.  1.) go to the pizza section.  They have an assortment of different pizzas.  You can get a big slice for about $3.00.  2.) Don't think you only have to go to the food bar for some eats.  Go to the Meat section.  They usually have a hamburger and french fry deal for $4.99.  You are going to spend that at Wendy's anyway.  3.) Keep looking at the meat section.  They smoke chicken there!  You can get 5 whole wings with bar b que sauce for about $3.50.  Whole foods is constantly having sales on different food items.  They'll mark down something up to 50%!  The key to success here is to shop smart, go with a plan, and know that you are actually getting some healthy food items.  Cheers!
4	So after, the kids went around on the big carousel a couple of times, we went into the Whole Foods Market. This a great place. We saw all kins of Ethnic foods sold there. They had just about everything from fruits to veggies, spices, seafood, drinks, and much much. A lot of the pricing was great too. I could only give a four star because we didn't buy anything. We simply walked through to see what they were offering and some of folks needed a restroom. Lol. Next time, we will shop there.
3	This place is awesome for hippy types! Unfortunately I am not really a health nut. I just like eating healthy for wight control. It's hard for me to shop here because they don't have my basic stuff like Splenda. But if you are vegan or anything like that you will love this place. Ohh and if you are looking to save money this is the wrong place for you.
3	The Good: 1: Meat Counter: No pink slime here. High quality, good selection, and great service to back it up. 2: Personal Care products: Want something without SLS or the bad chemical of the week in it? Look here. 3: Organic Produce: If you follow the Dirty Dozen list for pesticides on produce and want organics you can trust, shop here. 4: They carry a moderate selection of supplements at prices that are comparable to Sunflower. Any place that carries Pines Wheat Grass or Klamath Blue Green Algae is ok in my book. 5: They carry Dogfish Head beer. Including: My Antonia. That alone earns a star by itself. 6: Fresh tortillas...for when you can't make the drive to Cardenas Markets.The Bad: Pricing. Sheesh, they don't call it Whole Check for nothing. Good isn't cheap. But $5.99 a lb for Organic Red Bell Peppers? Seriously? Selection: You want a simple loaf of bread so you don't have to stop at WinCo or Vons? Good luck. Unless you want their bakery offerings which are good, but sometimes it's just not what you need. Attitude: The attitude of several of the staff in the Prepared Foods section downright sucks. Elitist, snotty, and downright rude people who wouldn't know customer service if you smacked them up beside the head with a clue stick can find work in that area of Whole Foods. Decor: Cramped and blah. The bean counters in Texas left any sense of style behind as they built new stores further West. The Ugly: Parking: My car doesn't want to make contact with your Range Rover, or your Lexus, or your Porsche. My car is not that kind of car and I would like to leave the lot without having to do my best Bob Bondurant style driving. Or thinking that some Xanax would be wonderful for dealing with the lack of basic driving skills on full display every time I attempt to go in there.
5	The only bad thing I can say about Whole Foods is that I spend too much money here. I do prefer organic products, which is more costly. Whole Foods always has the vitamins and supplements that are hard to find, great healthy snacks I can buy for my son, organic produce, and my favorite, the ready-to-eat deli. Whether I want a salad, pizza, sushi, twice-baked potato, they just seem to have it to make a great meal...
4	If you happen to live in the area, this Whole Foods will be ideal for you. It's in an attractive location next to other shops (right across the street from The District and in the area of Green Valley Ranch), so you've definitely got some browsing to do elsewhere if you're in the area and interested in the other shops close by.This store is obviously a little smaller than the Town Square and Summerlin Whole Foods, but every time I've been here they've had what I needed compared to the other WF stores. Service has been on point, and what I like about this one is they make green/berry smoothies you can pick up and go without waiting! They keep them in the isles with ice, I've found this convenient when I'm craving to get a smoothie but I don't have time to wait for it to be made. Smart strategy!The location is ideal if you're in the area when the farmer's market is right down the street, and you need to swing by WF to get something extra!
2	I go to Whole Foods from time to time to get groceries, but they tend to be on the higher side to use them as a constant option. Instead, I like WF for their bulk beauty supplies, their pre-made foods, and their smoothie bar. Compared to the one in Town Square, it is lacking in the last two fields. I came in and ended up walking out. I could not find anything.
4	Only downfall of whole foods is the price. I am willing to pay more for high quality meat and seafood, and that is the main reason I ever make a visit. While here, always pick up a few bottles of super cheap wine.
4	Ok, bumping my rating up to a four due to improved customer service experiences over the past few months. I've been shopping at this location for five years and have never been able to say that I'm satisfied with the service here until now.Whole Foods isn't my go to for groceries, but I rely on it for the few staples that I only buy organic: most leafy vegetables, dairy and meat. I can also rely on WF for produce that is only offered seasonally at other markets. The meat counter is great-if they don't have what you're looking for, they can either suggest something or get to butchering what you need.Customer service is particularly great at the meat counter as they've frequently answered all of my annoying questions very patiently. The produce section almost always has an employee in the area restocking product and I've overheard staff talking to customers about products and they always seem knowledgeable and more importantly, very helpful.It took long enough but glad to see the improvement!
3	Will go to this store if I can't find the organic product i'm looking for at Sprouts Market or Fresh and Easy. They have a great selection and amazing products. What drops it a couple of stars is the price. I just can't stomach it.
3	As you approach Whole Foods Henderson the first thing you need to know is the automatic sliding doors are horribly unreliable. Apparently only operating them at 5% efficiency saves power while allowing the occaisional shopper the refreshing jolt of going face first into a large piece of metal and glass. Once you hurdle that first obstacle you'll feel a tremble in your pants, despite what you might expect, that's your debit card fearing for it's life. You might pull it out and comfort it "don't worry little card, I won't empty you. I love you!" but these words would be hollow lies.You can find some amazing and delightful things you can't find anywhere else here: spectacular meat, well chosen local and regional beers, a variety of sweet delights to rival a confection convention, but you're going to pay for them, and quite dearly. It's also worth noting that some of the stuff here is crap for the sake of being organic, highly overpriced, and itchy (I'm looking at you all-natural deodorant!). The sales people range from apathetic to avoidant. Having been in here 15+ times I have never been asked if I need help. Bang for your buck:1)Approximately twice a month they grill up something or another, usually out front, and you get a whole meal for $5 or six bucks. It's virtually always spectacular. 2)They have pre and post-grilled meat for sale at the amazing meat counter in the back. The meat is worth whatever they want to charge (it is heavenly) and the grilled stuff isn't even a bad deal.3) Drive to Trader Joes! It's smaller, and they don't have the amazing deli counters but you'll save money and people will be nice to you.
2	We were in town a few days ago to find a house, we're moving here from Orange County in a couple of weeks. I was so excited to know that I will have Whole Foods really close!It's a nice store, like they all are. Good produce, good meat selection, all my regular favorites that I'm used to. Yay!The only problem is that the customer service just didn't seem friendly to me. Excellent customer service is actually the reason I prefer WF to Sprouts and other places like that. The staff usually bends over backwards to help, and I am usually so impressed when I visit other stores. Visiting the Henderson location, however, I passed many team members who didn't say hello and make eye contact, just kept walking by. I also noticed a lot of them standing around chatting with each other. When I went up to the check out, the cashier didn't greet me. I had to say hello first. It's just a little disappointing when I'm so used to service being better in other locations.We got prepared food to go, and my husband said he was disappointed in the quality of the breakfast bar. He said that he thought the items looked like they had been sitting a long time and didn't look fresh.The meat counter guys who were there were very friendly, though, and so were the ladies at the sushi station.I'll still shop here, and maybe on my next visit things will be different. Maybe just an off-day? I hope so!
2	You know, I'm not as impressed with Whole Foods lately. The past few times I've gone in, the store just looked like a mess! The most recent time I went in, they needed a re-stocking of a lot of items badly! And I found rotting fruit (moldy oranges! yuck!) The grapefruits were too soft and squished from the weight of being stacked. Everything was just subpar and nothing looked GOOD. During another visit, I went to look at the fresh pastas and freshly grated cheeses (sauce aisle) and there was a dead fly just sitting on top of one of the containers! What the heck!? Its disappointing. Its expensive, but I'd be more willing to pay if it was high quality and it just isn't anymore. I spend quite a bit because I use their butcher, but I'm not sure if its worth it to even bother going in anymore. Like anything else, its a fairly decent drive away and I can't justify going in for only meat when I could just as easily switch to ordering from Omaha!
5	Woo!  Hoo!  Hatch green chilis roasting out front.  Mmmmm.....  Also, there was a very nice Moscato and Merlot at the wine tasting in the back.  I had no idea you could taste test some of their wines - very cool!Best part... turkey wings and they let us try their dry rub (we can purchase it in bulk if we like it).  Love to shop here!
3	I didn't know there was such a thing as a "sad" Whole Foods.  But, it was only 8:15pm and the grill, the smokehouse, and the seafood bar were totally cleared out and closed. Everything just looked a bit dead, kind of like what the supermarket looks like when you're wandering the aisles at midnight.  The upside was that it wasn't crowded.  Is this the  area of Vegas that goes to bed early?
5	I think this is the best WF in the area, and not just because it's by my house. Save for its parking lot, it is not as crowded with shoppers as the others. The checkers are extremely nice. I have had to correct them a couple times on what my produce actually is (French beans are $1.50 more per pound, and I'm not paying for them when that's not what I have) and they have been gracious in my corrections. I try to be health-conscious by buying meat and produce here. The cheese selection is incredible, though when I last went they were OUT of my favorite $24.99/lb cheese. Probably best for my wallet, though. Also, you know those giant bottles of Dr. Bronner's oil soaps? BUY THEM HERE. They are $4 cheaper than at Target! $12.99 vs. $16.99. That adds up! If you know how to beat the system, you can shop at Whole Foods relatively cheaply. That's why I like it and can afford it! Also, this http://thebillfold.com/2012/04/is-whole-foods-really-that-more-expensive/. You can do it!
4	Great place for lunch. Fresh salads, vegetables, etc. Inside a bit loud, but outside tables are wonderful.
1	This place sucks today. No cheese pizza and they said thirty minutes, it shouldn't take 30  minutes for one of their most popular items during lunch time. Chinese food is set up totally different here too.  I always get a two item combo with rice or noodles and this one doesn't offer that, only one item for same price of $8.99 and the girl wouldn't mix items.   Girl working was super unfriendly and after I asked about the pizza she went and helped somebody else instead of finishing up with me, I still had items to order.  I will probably not go to this location again, very unhappy with their customer service.  When you are paying for a high quality item there should be high quality service to go along with it.
4	This place is Hipster Cool Central!  It is a specialty grocer so lot of items are on the pricier side.  I usually purchase whatever is on sale and look to their social media sites and emails that post their good deals. Plus they do accept manufacturers coupons as well. So there are ways you can save money here! WF fits my needs as far as my go to place for health & beauty products. They carry  a good selection of brands that are paraben & SLS free (sodium laurel sulfate).  Majority of their household products are green and eco friendly. No harsh chemicals and irritants. Most safe for asthmatics.  Other than that I prirmarily come here and stock up on the probiotic juice drinks that this place carries.Hot and Cold food bar lately is between "ehh" and "so-so" lately.  I used to like their grape leaves and couscous. The couple times Ive been there, the couscous was too dry and the grape leaves real mushy inside.  Tried other a salad items, lot of it is either tasteless or too salty (the dressings). Had the Vegan cupcakes once. It was more like a mudlike texture, so never again! Even if they are on sale. The good things: Freshness of their coffee beans, dated when it was roasted! Sadly I gave up coffee. They also carry the best selections of loose leaf teas. I love some of the one of a kind handbags they get in stock.As far as service; Meat dept clerks,service is quick, only because they rush you along. Floor help is a hit and miss. Some clerks are a bit aloof, some are friendly. Cashiers up at front, always helpful and efficient.  They always offer to pack my cold goods in ice if I have my insulated bag with me. Check out is always a breeze!
1	I caught you, older gentleman employee who stuck your hand in the food bin and helped yourself to a snack!!!! gross!!
2	The good first-the employees at this location are allways extremely nice to deal with.The manager must be very good at hiring and manageing. The store is very clean and stocked well most of the time. Again great employees!The bad - The prices are rediculous on most  of the products. I started buying from health food stores in 1968 that's over 40 years and back then the stores were really helpful and yes the prices were slightly higher than the regular grocery stores. Whole Foods has created the health/gourmet concept taken from stores like Alfalfas in Boulder. The prices are so inflated at Whole Foods that I feel that to be a big turnoff to new customers who want to start eating healthy. So instead of getting people excited about changing their eating habits and getting healthy, Whole Foods is discouraging these people with the prices. At Whole Foods if you want to buy Organic Green Beans you have to buy them in a12 oz. pkg for $3.99 which works out to be $5.32 a pound!!  At Trader Joe's Organic Green Beans are $3.25 a pound that's $2.07 a pound difference!!Organic produce in most cases at Whole Foods are as high as you can get.Another example a store I shopped at in California before moving here had Knudsen's Organic Recharge on sale from early spring to the end of fall season as a loss leader for $1.59 a quart for six months. They keep stacks and stacks of cases by the front door and Never Ran Out. Why because they appreciate their customers and happily pass on the savings to their loyal customers. Whole Foods normal price is $3.29 and when they put it on sale for a day or two it's $2.69. My point to this review is how does Whole Foods develop a loyal customer when they show that the only thing important to them is profit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This last summer they ran out of their gallon size 365 brand Organic Apple Juice that they actually sell for a good price all the time. In the summer one of the few items sold at a very fair price was out of stock for months. The bulk item section which used to be in health food stores to be a way to save money-not anymore bulk items are priced so high it's amazing.Let's all encourage Whole Foods to do the right thing!
4	I love love love the meat products. It is so clean and they are so willing to help you with what ever you need. It's is a little bit more expensive , but the meat  has so much flavor it's is worth it!!!!!!
4	Everyone knows that Whole Foods is a super pricey store and not the ideal place to visit if you're looking to save money.  What people don't really know is the array of prepared food that Whole Foods offer.  Such a great breakfast, lunch and dinner option if you're ever in the area.  The prepared food bar charges $7.99 per pound and is discounted to $5.99 per pound on Wednesdays.  One morning, I decided to check out their breakfast options on the way to work.  To my surprise, they had some really great options.  I got a nice helping of the fried rice.  Cooked very similar to how we make it back home in Hawaii.  The rice was sticky, the soy sauce used was not salty.  There was egg, bacon and sausage in there with a onions and green onion garnish.  Really good.  Then, I saw the deal of the century!  A 3 egg omelet for only $6.99!  Such a steal for Whole Foods!  You first start with your choice of one meat (I got the turkey sausage), 5 choices of vegetables (onions, peppers, mushrooms, zucchini and tomatoes) and 1 cheese option (surprisingly, I decided on the goat cheese).  It was a great omelet!  The goat cheese to me, was the start of the meal.  So good!  The eggs were fluffy and the whole thing was a lot of food.  Definitely recommend this to others!No matter what Whole Foods you go to, you're always going to have that option.  Don't forget to ask for it, the sign is hard to see.  But there you have it.  My one great deal and such a steal.  You will NOT be disappointed and will walk away stuffed and satisfied :)
3	Well, I LOVE WHOLE FOODS!! However, they don't have the best customer service at this location (hence the 3 stars).  The majoirty of the time I order green drinks, they have an attitude.  Ugh. Other than that, the store itself is good, no other complaints.
4	Coming here 3 times a week I have a few additions:1) It cannot be exaggerated, the meat counter at the back is amazing. They do samples, everything is great, the stuff put out is great, largelly different stuff every day, and it's really pretty reasonable price wise. The guys who work back there are spectacular without exception. They really are a credit to the whole place.2) The prepared food counter is also very solid. Burritos are excellent, Omelettes are excellent (although be prepared to wait) and the pizza and Chinese food looks excellent. Price of these isn't bad either.3) The beer list is better than Lees in terms of overall quality. Whoever is choosing this beer knows their stuff and they do have a lot of it. They certainly lean to the hoppy side of things, they could use some more belgians but that's the whole craft beer industry. You'll pay more than the actual liquor store but it's still magnificent.If any of the three departments above were rated alone they'd each be five stars, it's the non-sense products, the utter lack of other value and the general apathy of most of the staff that drags this place down.
1	I have shopped at whole food markets all over the country, including the one in las vegas. I have shopped in this particular store many times and my review is based on my overall experience here. The selection here is similar to most stores, but overall this store is not as good as others, particularly in the area of customer service. I had bad experience at this store with employee attitude, and the management is uncaring and rude, which is the reason for the one star. This store has more rude and impolite employees than most whole food stores I have shopped at. If you ask for help to find an item, they often try to ignore you. Don't get me wrong, there are some very friendly and helpful employees there, but there are not that many. Some one told me that they have started contracting out much of the work like stocking shelves, which explains the horrible attitude of the workers. This shows how much value the management gives to customer service!This store has the worst management of any whole food store I have been to. The incident below just goes to confirm it. A few weeks back I had ordered a cake for my child's birthday at the bakery there. My child liked a particular type of cake they sold which is the reason to order from there. I ordered the cake three days in advance and they promised it will be ready by early afternoon on the day needed. I called the bakery again on the morning of birthday to make sure the cake would be ready in time and was confirmed it would be. I went to the store around 4 pm to pick up the cake. The person at the bakery could not find the cake, so went and found his supervisor who was an efficient young lady. She looked in the order book and confirmed that all was in order and they together went looking for the cake. After half an hour, during which time I was standing there, the young lady came back and told me that she made some phone calls and found out that the baker didn't even bake the cake. She was surprised by this as the cake order was clear and visible. Imagine my anguish as I thought about my poor child's face. The young lady felt bad and apologized. She said that it was unfair and the store should compensate for this. I was very disappointed and didn't care much for compensation, but the young lady told me to please wait when she calls the manager. So I waited for another 20 minutes when the manager, a burly middle aged man, came. She explained the situation to him and I told him what a difficult situation I have been put in. The manager seemed least interested. He told me that it is unfortunate that this happened and there is nothing he can do. That's it !!!! No apologies, no talk about finding whose fault it was, nothing !!!! Forget about trying to correct their mistake, the man didn't even once apologized for the inconvenience they put me through !!!! You can understand my anger, even the young lady seem surprised. In any case I just left and decided that these people don' t care about their customers. Since then i have been going to the store in summerlin, although it is a long drive for me. The only positive about this store is their meat section, the people who work there are efficient and the quality of the meat is quite good. Their prepared food section is quite mediocre at best, in fact some of the preparations are tasteless. The fresh juice section is quite bad with withered and dried up vegetables and old looking fruits.
5	Great store for organic foods and quality meat...comming back. Thank you Whole foods
5	I love this store, period. As one who can shop in a 7-11 and get high, WF makes me feel like I'm in grocery heaven!This is the place I go to make my body hum. The food is so healthy and so delicious that any other place pales supremely in comparison. The selection of produce is amazing, the fresh fish/seafood, the many different cuts of meat and varying ways they raise the animals, the wine (oh! the wine!), the beer (OMG - THE BEER), the cheese and the bread and the read-to-eat, the salad bar and the snacks...I could go on!No, this isn't the cheapest place to buy food, but that's like comparing KMart to Nordstrom - they aren't the same thing, not by a long shot. The vegetables here are bigger and last longer, stay fresh forever, the choices you get are just mind boggling. This is a grocery shopping experience beyond compare. The employees (my faves are the fish guys) are so helpful and friendly and really know their stuff. I even once got a really great hint from someone about bread (buy half baked!) and I just get the sense that these are people who love where they work. I would work here, but I wouldn't be able to pay my bills unless I found a landlord who took cauliflower. I seriously could shop here every day!If you care about your health and your body, shop here. Love it!
5	Whole foods is right up the street from me, so it's usually my go-to grocery store. I love their selection of gluten free and specialty items. On the weekends, they have awesome samples (yum).They always have more than enough cashiers on staff, especially during peak shopping hours like in the mornings and the pre dinner time rush. They have a decent deli that includes an array of international pre-made meals. The sushi counter is nice too. Everything is made to order there, so it's not icky "grocery store sushi" They customized a roll for me last week when I made them aware of a food allergy. Anyone that accommodate the little things makes me a happy shopper. The Coffee/Tea bar is fantastic. They have everything from plain ol' joe to your fancy 4 shot macchiato, I'm not a tea drinker, but they have about a dozen different varieties. The only set back is that they are Starbucks priced. Random fact: If you have kids this place rocks. They have mini shopping carts, they're adorable and my 4 year old daughter absolutely loves them!
1	This whole foods needs serious help with management. I was here today with my 2 little ones. I by honest mistake stood in the express lane. Cashier got really upset that I was holding the line when there was no one behind me!! Then she started to mumble that how I couldn't read the sign. I asked her if there was a bigger problem. She got really upset and called the manager. You would think that manager will have some sense in calming her down!! Nope!Manager started to yell at me. My little one started crying and I was just left in complete shock! All this for not reading a stupid sign! Mind you I have 3 graduate degrees and I can read. Anyway, in my opinion we can take our money somewhere else where stores can afford better customer service. Very disappointed. Not going back!!
4	I traveled out to Henderson for the first time since I moved to Vegas 7 weeks ago. I was going to the Henderson Pavilion to volunteer and see the Pavilion. Because of this trip I left early to see a little of Green Valley Ranch which to admit the District is very pretty. I went to the Whole food and as a Chicagoan who has been to Whole Foods in Cleveland and the Miami area I like seeing different whole foods in different markets. Well this one didn't disappoint!This Whole foods is super cool. Great selection of hard core raw foods and right in the front of the store. A great juice bar, education center, smoke house/carving station....SUPER COOL! A wine tasting section...OMG! :) Get unique fresh product whole Turmeric. I really like this whole foods and I think the people who shop in the district area are very fortunate to have such a nice store to shop. Oh did I mention $2/lb off Wednesday's off the hot/cold bar. Awesomeness!!!!
5	Love this store. have been coming here for the last few years. I love this place. Not only can you get everything organic here the staff is impeccable. They are all knowledgeable, kind, and helpful. Many know me now and always say hello and are kind. I feel very comfortable coming here even though I'm in there maybe 2-3 times a week and so far don't feel judged for grocery shopping so much LOL. Anyways, Great products and great staff. All around great store. I highly recommend shopping here. Its usually not too crowded like the one in town square, but I still love that store as well.
5	I've been shopping Whole Foods for years, dating back to the first opening of the location in Summerlin. So, I am a big fan. I recently moved back to Green Valley from Summerlin so that makes this location my new primary spot.I've shopped this location before when I lived out here and was a fan then. I am a fan once again once moving back. They really know what they're doing in regards to making all of their stores have the same look, feel, quality and expectations, regardless of location. I walk through the door and it's like I'm at the Summerlin location. Very clean, very organized and lots of food choices. I can literally spend hours in this store and never get bored!The only disappointing thing is that I came in today to buy my favorite vegan shrimp and they did not have it here. Sad day. Other than that, it was my typical pleasurable experience.Once a fan, always a fan. Whole Foods is my favorite grocery store for vegetarian and vegan delights. Had a vegan chocolate chip cookie today and OMG! :)
4	Service seems to feel similar to that of REI; when speaking with an employee about choosing a beer, more than likely you will find out a lot more than you thought you were looking for. Ask someone else where you can find some local simmer sauces, they will walk you over and show you the different varieties and where they came from. Is this really a grocery store? Maybe it is something more...
5	The only thing that would make this store better is if I had a room here lol! They have a terrific selection of warm and cold items in the fresh cafe area, they have everything here from clothes to household items, pet stuff, etc..I always find something new that becomes a staple in my home/diet.
4	Went to this location because my normal location was out of something. They were very nice here and held my items no problem.This store has a very different vibe than the Summerlin store. It was kind of weird but fun. Everyone here was very nice and helpful.As usual, they had a great selection of everything. The produce is always amazing and the meat and seafood counter is to die for. I would definitely go to this location again if I was ever on this side of town.
1	Not that this store cares but you lost a sale today.  At the smoothie bar there was one person helping 3 people.  I needed something from the bakery, not only did this guy NOT acknowledge me at all, he left to show someone where something in the store was.  I went over to the food counter and asked the guy if only one person was handling the bakery & smoothie bar, he replied I don't know but pages someone for me to get help in the bakery, it never came so I left.  What a poor way to do business.
3	If I could give this location 3.5 stars, I would. I love their customer service, the cashiers, each person in every department in the store, their baked goods and their sushi (which isn't covered in crap thankfully). I love that nobody is exasperated if I ask them a question. I love their gluten free food variety and that they list every ingredient in their hot and cold food bar. I love that I can run in, grab a GF meal and run out in about 5 minutes. I love their $2.99 wine in the seafood section, and I love how I can easily maneuver my way through the restaurant due to the simple layout. However, their salad, hot and soup bar are lackluster. The food isn't anything fantastic. My husband hasn't had a soup there that even makes him smile on a cold day. The hot bar food lacks in seasoning and anything that strikes me as scrumptious. The salad bar has a great variety of additions and dressings, the sushi is beautiful and delicious and the barbecue area has great smoked food, but still, other than the sushi there is nothing exciting on that bar. Even the pizza, gyros (which were tasteless and tough)and tacos were just okay. I expected just a little more, but nothing.The only time I come here is when I have a quick minute to get lunch from work and don't feel like Panera. The food is mediocre but quite a high price. Sometimes I will grab a GF meal here and there, but since we're tried so much of their food I don't have much of a need to go there anymore. However, this location does have great customer service and variety, just like all WF, but it just doesn't call to me like many other places do in that area.
4	If I was not a poor grad school student I would gladly shop here more often haha. The place smells amazing as soon as you walk in, and I probably could have wandered in there for hours admiring their organic produce,  meat counter,  and fancy array of cheeses. Whole Foods is my go to place when I'm having a dinner party and want to impress. Great selection, but more of a guilty pleasure than regular shopping trip... until I graduate and make some dough haha.
1	VEGANS / VEGETARIANS BEWARE!!!!!PLEASE READ ALL, VERY IMPORTANT...You ever hear the saying, everything may not be what it seams???  Well, unfortunately that was my experience today at Whole Foods in Henderson on Green Valley.In the prepared foods counter there were several items that were NOT marked Vegan / Vegetarian, however they were.  There were items marked Vegetarian that were actually Vegan.  In a discussion with the person behind the counter and someone whose name tag said "Team Leader", we were told it was the fault of their labeling system.  Well, this is a yes and no answer.  If you take pride in your job and what you do, this would and should be an easy fix, so it is just someone not wanting to go the extra mile to get it right.NOW, the reason for the ONE STAR.  I am guessing because of the size of this store, the Overall Manager cannot be everywhere and be aware of everything happening in this store.  So they must have department managers or maybe they call them team leaders that report to the manager.  So this means that the team leader/department manager either is not telling the overall manager exactly what is happening within their department or they are not aware of how everything in their department is supposed to be?????BEYOND MEAT, a VEGAN product which is prepared in some recipe, today being Beyond Meat Buffalo Style.  I asked if this was cooked prior to being mixed with the sauce and placed in the counter.  I was told by the person working behind the counter that YES this product was FLASH Fried before being mixed.  BUT, it was recently found out that the people in the back preparing this food was FLASH FRYING THE BEYOND MEAT PRODUCT IN THE SAME OIL AND FRYER AS ALL THE OTHER MEATS; to which the Team Leader said really with a NON CONCERNED LOOK on their face??????Now I don't know in the VEGAN / VEGETARIAN WORLD, BUT in the Jewish religion if you are going for something KOSHER and it is mixed with NON KOSHER items, then NO MATTER what you do, IT IS NOT KOSHER.  So, if all VEGAN / VEGETARIAN products in the prepared food area is mixed with NON VEGAN / VEGETARIAN items, on boards meat has touched, or cooked in the same oil / fryer as meats, does it still make it VEGAN / VEGETARIAN???  I would guess NO, that the VEGAN / VEGETARIAN product is NO CONTAMINATED, YET, it is still being sold as a VEGAN / VEGETARIAN item.Now, everyone does have a choice and with other Whole Foods in the Valley, I will choose to drive the extra miles to one who is not marking items wrong or trying to sell me something that is supposed to be VEGAN but was cooked in the same oil / fryer as meat.  This kind of defeats the purpose of being Vegan / Vegetarian.  I don't go out of my way to expose stupidity or ignorance, I just happen to find myself in places that divulge this information to me and I feel OBLIGATED to share this with others so they are aware that they are being FALSLY led.  I am sure it is just plain ignorance on the people in the back preparing the items, they are not educated enough to be aware of the fact that EVERYTHING CANNOT be prepared in the same manner, fashion or fryer.  I don't fault them if they do not live this life style, they maybe were never told.  However, the OVERALL MANAGER should be doing spot checks not to spy on their folks, but to make sure that what they are being told by those department leaders is actually what is happening in the store.  If you run a TIGHT ship and have a system in place to spot check to make sure everything is being done the way it is supposed to, these sort of issues would not happen. It is sad that things like this happen and someone has to find out and expose it in order for it to be fixed.
5	Whole foods I love it Good and fresh and organic should I say moreYou get what you pay for
3	Ok. So, the parking lot here, is full of crazies. I park away from doors/entrances for a reason.1- I have to get a cart/stroller for my daughter.2- I have to unfold the stroller or put the shopping cart cover in the cart.3- I have to get my daughter out of her car seat4- I have to get diaper bag, along with my belongings (purse, etc)  and my daughter in the cart.I know that these steps aren't quick. That's why I don't fight for close spots. Both in my entering and leaving this store, I was stared down by snoody drivers trying to get the spot right next to me, when there are other spots available... They are just too lazy to walk the extra twenty feet to the door.The snoody-ness continued into the store, meaning the employees. I do not expect to be waited on hand and foot when I enter a grocery store, but geez! Even walmart has greeters that I get a "hello" from. I was not acknowledged in the store, walked by produce...... nothing.walked by cosmetics/soaps.....nothing.walked by essential oils and hair dye...... nothing.I tried to find the baby isle. My daughter (8 months) has come down with a bit of a cold, and I know that a lot of medicines are for 2 years and up... No medications/help in the baby isle. Just food and diapers/wipes. Thinking I could find something natural to help her, I finally found their "child" section of medication... with no help from the employees working in this section. A woman approached me about 10 minutes later, told me that they only had a few things that my daughter could take....Thanks, I could read the box's label that says 2 years and up.. I told her that I needed a cold remedy, and she pointed out vitamins................(? little late for that, I guess)Continuing my walking around the store, no one asked me if I needed help. I was in the bakery, and there were two employees pushing around a cart with a fruit tart on it.... talking about how they couldn't wait to go on their smoke breaks.The nicest one I encountered was the checkout cashier. She actually asked me how I was. I almost died of shock. She offered to put my chocolate bars on ice, I told her that was not necessary. Cold tablets, buns, Pita pockets, 2 candy bars, and a $2 donation to their charity was $27.It's expensive to be semi-ignored and stared down.
5	On Saturday mornings after a great workout, the juice bar is my absolute favorite stop in this big beautiful wholesome food-a-rama. My boyfriend just texted me asking if I plan on coming home. If they rented apartments above, I may just stay forever.
4	Biggest whole foods I have ever been to. Compared to the whole foods back in Philadelphia, there is a huge variety or organic food to choose from.I found kombucha, which is one of my favorite drinks. I did not know there were other types of drinks similar to it. Amazing!! My choices just got expanded.Thanks whole foods!
3	Whole Foods is a great place with great selection.a.  Price - let me get right to the point on why this is three star place. It is because of the price. THis is certainly a place where PREMIUM pricing is at it's highest.  I do not like the prices at all and I do not see the value in the high prices. Whether it is "organic" or "natural" or "healthy", I find there are many places that offer similar selection at much greater prices.b.  Selection - Here alone, they deserve a 5 star rating.  The amount of items here is fantastic for those that are health conscious.  They also have plenty of non-healthy choices too, so no one should be thinking everything here is good to go.c.  Vegan Galore - Further to the selection process, if you are a vegan, a diabetic, a low sodium, or any other type of special diet person, then this is the place for you to go.d.  Service - The staff here are quite nice and pleasant.e.  Price - Again, I have to mention that price is the main reason this place is a 3.  The price is outrageously high. I come here for very specific items I cannot find at Fresh and Easy, Trader Joe's or Sprouts. I have been actually determined to go to other places and spend a bit more time and inconvenience because the price is such a detriment.GK says, go, be careful and be specific.
5	My Fave Desserts!
4	I love this place but the only reason why I didnt give it 5 stara is b/c it doesnt have a lot of vegan snack/desert options as the other Whole Foods. In my opinion, the Whole Foods on the strip and on Lake Mead are the best in town.
5	October fest. Good deal.  I always go there to get seafood.  They have great selection and quality.
5	I have lived all over the country, and have frequented all the Whole Foods stores. I would rank this store average overall.  There is one person that sets this Whole Foods apart from the rest, however- Debbie at the cheese/deli counter.  She is warm, friendly, and professional.  She always has great suggestions for a lunchmeat or cheese (when I ask her opinion), and has never done me wrong.    Thank you, thank you, thank you, Debbie!  I know I can always count on you to brighten my day with your great service and your smile!
4	This particular Whole Foods is one of the larger stores in the area and it is always nicely stocked and clean.  The produce is always fresh and we love getting fresh fish and meat from the butchers.  They will even butcher a specific cut of meat if you ask.  The employees are always friendly too!  Obviously, Whole Foods is more expensive than Albertson's or Smith's but the quality of fresh food is worth the price.  We also enjoy going to clean grocery store and knowing the employees are happy to help with anything we might need.  Whole Foods has online coupons that you can print at home before your shopping trip to help offset the higher cost of groceries.  We have also found the Whole Foods brands are comparable to name brand prices at regular grocery stores.
4	Even if sometimes I want to pummel the people who shop here for invading my space while I'm attempting to see if I really want to buy this random exotic fruit I've never heard of before I still like the store and the employees. This Whole Foods is pretty similar to any other you've been in. Set up practically the same as all the others. The salad bar/prepared food sections are quite good. I've had pizza, burritos, and sandwiches from here. I've also gotten salads, although once I had their chicken fingers, which I warmed up in the microwave provided and they were quite gross. Do not recommend. Meanwhile in the rest of the grocery store, produce is proudly displayed, meat section is extensive. I actually had a nice chat with one of the butchers who helped me make a meat selection for my Christmas dinner. I did have an issue with them trying to run one of their new gift cards. They've changed them recently and they spent awhile trying to get mine to work. The cashier couldn't get it figured out until she called over a manager.Overall it's a good WF in Vegas.
1	Bought chicken skewers from the butcher section and when I got home they looked and tasted like charcoal. Seriously ?!The person that burned it should be ashamed of himself after all that money that cost. I'll post the picture so hopefully they will see it and do something about it. Never had such bad food in there
3	If your looking for a bargain don't look here! I was on a search for low carb or no carb bread. I found it frozen, tiny and with a price of $11! Wow! I looked for other brands, but all I was faced with was gluten free options EVERYWHERE! lol Which is awesome if you can't have gluten. I looked for low carb pasta. Did not find that either. They have a cool make your own juice section. The salad bar and sushi bar look like a dream! It was really cool that they had fresh made potato chips!! If I was eating carbs right now i'd be all over it. I feel Trader Joes is a bit more my speed. If I had an unlimited income I'd be at Whole Foods all the time, but alas I don't. So until then you'll find me else where.
5	Come here for lunch when I'm working because of the awesome salad bar. As I went more I was astonished at the amount of healthy alternatives they have from deserts to just about anything u could think of. Fine selection of supplements and teas. Nice people and always find what I'm looking for
5	Their bakery counter...so much to choose from...decisions, decisions! I chose the Turtle chocolate bar, which was yum! They have a microwave there, so I nuked it for a few seconds and it was even better!
4	Wow!  Great store!  I love the salad bar.  The food was amazing.  The store is fun to shop in.  The quality sound of the food is excellent.  This rivals the store near La Jolla-my favorite Whole Foods.  I will be back when I am in the area.
5	The food quality is the best in Clark County here. You always hear about the prices but if you want to just indulge once a week then come here! The meals, meats, fish, sandwiches, products, and whatever else is outstanding. 5 Star.
4	I love Whole Foods. I wish I could afford to actually shop here, rather than pop in for a few obscure things every now and then. Some how I tend to gravitate toward the general merchandise (lotions, essential oils, etc.) than I do the actual foods. Food wise, you're obviously going to get a better price elsewhere, but the general stuff is pretty on par price wise, at least from what I've seen. Back at Christmas time, I was looking for some food-grade vegetable glycerin to make vanilla extract with and it was the same price here as it was online.
4	Want healthy and organic foods?  This is the place.  Their location in the district area is easy to find with plenty of parking.  They have an abundant selection of produce and grocery items.  Some of the items I was shopping for weren't found here but they did have a lot!  What I was impressed with was their extensive salad bar and deli items.   Anyone could easily come here for lunch for a huge selection.   Build you own salads? Yes.  Juice bar? Yes. Pizza? Yes. Mexican variety? Yes. Chinese food? and of course desserts? Oh Yes!  Everything looks fabulous and delicious.  I wanted everything but held back.  If you make your way to the back of the store, they have a very large meat and seafood department.   The food is displayed perfectly and could easily go nuts there too.   I can't wait to try many many things from Whole Foods!
5	Normally I go to the WF on Las Vegas blvd because it's much closer to my condo. They ran out of Purity by Suja so I came to this whole foods. The cashier Mariellen was amazing!! She notified me that if I but 6 I get a 10% discount & they had a dollar off coupon in their add. She called her manager Rafael and they ended up saving me $20. Way cool!!! For now on I'll only shop here cause they are amazing.
2	to two stars as today there was no express lanes open, and customers where very frustrated.  We need more mom and pop organic food places in the USA so Whole Foods can be challenged.  I am going to raise my rating to 4 stars as I really focus on the hot foods and salad bar, which are much better here than at the Town Square.  Still some check out problems, as I think Whole Foods would benefit from two most important areas.  A separate check out line for hot food so it does not get cold and place to weigh your food so you can plan the total amount.  Of course there is more, like your pasta will get over cooked if you keep heating it so under cook it and change your menu more often, but overall this is a great place to grab a healthy meal.  The people are all of the healthy type and that is always nice for me to see.  Stop going to junk food and live longer, eat whole foods!  Great beer too as I got a half growler here and it was so fresh.  Nice wine selection and wow some really helpful people here even though I believe this industry pays low and has a huge turn over.  Hey if you have a tattoo or piercing you can work at here.Welcome to America, welcome to Whole Foods.  I am still BTW looking for mom and pop organic place, like they have in Portland and Seattle.
3	I enjoy shopping here, however finding somewhere who works here is similar to geocaching, they are hidden in plain sight. They know you're looking for them, they see you but don't say a word. If you do find someone the exchange is usually very pleasant and they are sometimes helpful. This excludes the meat and deli counter, those guys... Those guys are cool people. Speaking of the deli counter I picked up $15 worth of almond chicken yesterday and it was so dry and overcooked the texture reminded me of jerky and the when sawwed open the chicken was a clear plastic texture/color. It was bizzare probably from being overcooked, anyway it's no longer edible so that's $15 down the drain. Aside from that experience I usually enjoy most of the items from the salad bar and prepared food counter. Organic everything, specialty items, great prepared food area and a good selection of meat.
5	I have been coming here so long and so frequently that I totally take this place for granted but I shouldn't. This store has pretty much every obscure ingredient I have ever looked for and if not they will get it. The workers are friendly not in a weird fake way but help if I need it and leave me alone when I'm aimlessly browsing. The meat counter is great (great bison selection), the fish counter will cook the fish you choose from the display case (how cool is that) and the prepared foods area has saved me from fast food more times than I can count. I can call in a whole wheat crust or gluten free crust pizza with vegan cheese and other toppings and they don't skip a beat, it's ready for pick up in an average of 15 mins. Yeah I guess u could say I like the place.
5	Great place, so many great food options and I love what they give back to the community. Produce and deli staff so helpful. Cashiers are nice too. One time I forgot my wallet and my daughter had already started eating some of her pizza. They let me go home and get my wallet and take the pizza with me which I appreciated so  much. I have also gotten great recommendations from the natural health products like sleep aids, allergies and skin reactions. They also have little snacks for kids and a game to play while you shop and little mini carts that toddlers can push. Thanks:)Whole Foods is expensive but it is quality food. I hope they pay their employees well:)
5	This is my to-go place for most of my stuff!  This Whole foods is way better than the one at Town Square.  I'm a regular at the meat department for my pet food. (Yes, pet food)  Their service is amazing!  Very friendly plus warm, fresh meat all the time.  This store has more stuff to offer than town square.Town square meat department isn't good.  It's not fresh, that's a shame for a great location.  I purchased it, had to drive back to return it the next day.  It smelled so bad that my pet walked away and didn't touch it.  Henderson location all the way!  It's farther from me but willing to drive for this place.
5	I LOVE WHOLE FOODS! When I first walked into this store it was OVERWHELMING. I come from a culinary background so it is amazing to see so many foods from around the world. One of the employees gave me a tour, and a plastic container and let me sample ANYTHING I wanted to try. I was in there eating olives, different salads, granolas, and other yummy treats. You don't have to be rich to shop here. I do my regular grocery shopping at Walmart, then buy my foods for breakfast, and lunch here at Whole Foods. That includes bran muffins, various premade salads, a few sweet treats, and granolas. These healthy selections last me atleast 5 working days. Weekly I spend $25-$30 for a single female. I asked a male friend what he spends and he said $50-$60 because he buys meats. You can't put a price on health, so even if you don't grocery shop here it doesn't hurt to mix in a few vitamins and minerals with fresh fruits and veggies on regular basis. If you can't afford to eat them--stop by and drink them at their juice bar.
5	Whole Foods is my fantasy wonderland! I enjoy shopping here for beautiful soaps, perfume, tea, candles, incense, organic flowers and fair trade jewelry in addition to food and skin products.People frequently ask what beauty products I use on my face.  I constantly default to Whole Foods in Henderson.  "Terri" in the wellness department is my "go to" beauty guru that transformed my sun quenched skin.  Moving to the dessert two years ago definitely dried my skin and I was in need of some assistance .  With the help of this fine lady paired with the following exquisite products...I'm a happy gal with glowing skin!I cleanse my face with Andalou Meyer lemon creamy brightening cleanser while using my Mia Clarisonic.  I use the Acure Brightening facial scrub twice weekly, on it's own.  I moisturizer daily with Acure Day Cream.  I also drink volumes of water & green juice.  Real Water can be purchased by the case at Whole Foods.Ps. If you are a sufferer of allergens, YOU absolutely MUST carry the Las Vegas Allergy Relief tincture in your arsenal. It works.  They also carry Neti Pots that are good, too.  This relief is contained in a root beer colored bottle at each check out stand.
4	Surprisingly, if you want the Best BBQ in Vegas, this is the place to go.  Just go to the Meat Market in the afternoon, and they have brisket, sausage, ribs, pork, chicken... and it's all great!  And it is all high quality.  Not to mention, the rest of the meat market is great, so is the seafood market, produce, deli, beer/wine,  prepared foods, dairy, and health/vitamin sections.  However, the market itself only has high-end stuff that you pay a premium for.  Sprouts is a little more reasonable and has better produce.  But I still end up having to go to Albertson's, Smith's or Von's for my staple items.  However, go there for some good BBQ, you won't be disappointed.
4	Whole Foods is a good go-to option for a healthy meal on the go. It's not cheap but you can get fresh food from the hot or cold bar. They have a pizza bar, noodle bar, sandwich bar, a juice bar and bakery. Good selection of cheeses and wine. And the flowers are nice and cheap.
5	They actually cooked a steak right from the butcher shop to the grill and it was awesome...great hot food selection and friendly staff...the pistachio gelato was the best I've had and we can't find another like it...if you wan to eat out and don't mind eating in the middle of a market which can be fun...try it
5	We love this store.  Recently had a package of chicken mislabeled by the butcher as veal.  Needless to say the cost difference was huge but didn't notice it until we got home.  Called the store and Brittany asked us to bring it back and she would make it right.  My wife returned it and Michael apologized for the trouble and gave us our money back as well as a gift card.  Awesome store, awesome people.  It's not just the quality of the food we enjoy, but the quality of the people.  Keep up the great work.
3	It's closed at 7 am now .... So don't count on it to be open that early any more.Three stars are for whole foods' being amazing.
5	I m so impressed with you that I must share on yelp!I was there this Friday and bought 2 ribeyes and a heavy whipping cream.  2 little purchases and Nanea rang me up.  she asked if I wanted a pack of ice?  Huh? She said she could get me a pack of ice to keep my purchase cool.  And it's a free service. What? What a concept!  It's not even 120 degree outside.  It's only 84.  I just couldn't believe the thoughtful suggestion came from a grocery store.  Color me impressed!
1	I have gone for whole foods for pretty much all grocery needs and for a quick lunch from time to time and never had a problem.  Around two weeks ago I ate a tuna roll from their sushi bar along with the chicken satays.  After finishing the sushi and the chicken I had a small stomach ache, I thought it was nothing at first.  About an hour or so after I knew something wasn't sitting well with me as the pain increased.  I took pepcid and that didn't help at all.  Then i took some tums, still nothing.  Ended up sitting around the rest of the night doing nothing and just sitting in pain waiting for the pain to go away.  Tried to go to bed and was tossing and turning all night.  Finally woke up the next morning feeling a little better.  Very displeased with the food I bought that day, I have a hunch that it was bad sushi which shocked me since they usually have great quality fish.  It is safe to say that I will never buy any prepared meals from whole foods again.
3	I shop at Whole foods a couple times a year when I am looking for specialty items, especially love the cheese/charcuterie counter and the knowledge of the staff.  This year I ordered my Thanksgiving dinner from them, and I was overall impressed with the meal and it was tasty, just a little disappointed that whatever was on my turkey turned part of the turkey dark brown/blackish.  Actually had to peel of some of the breast meat to remove it cause it was unappealing.  Wish I lived closer so I could shop here more.
4	Great seafood choices!!!!!  They'll even marinated with your choice of ingredients. Also will pack in sets of 2 items for easy freezing and cooking at home. Love it all
