3	this Frys has come a long way,  there selection of better quality and variety , decent selection of avalible produce organic as well as non and  breads,i can usually find a decent selection of meats, lamb seems to be hit and miss same with fish I dont under stand why they buy farm raised color added salmon ...oh and from the east coast except maybe for the price aspect hey fish buyer for frys the nw is alot closer and offers better quality  salmon but my biggest pet peive w/this store is the service at the deli there slow and incompetent i dont know how many times i have waited way to long to be waited on and ended up just walking away or avoiding the deli all together knowing the outcome .......
5	This is the best Fry's store I have been to.  The setup is very appealing. The staff is super friendly.  You can smell the fresh produce as you walk by and it's always yummy.  They have a sushi bar.  They also have a cooler section just for the Boars Head deli items.  I have found garlic summer sausage here.  This has been a hard item to find in most Fry's stores.
5	Regarding their pharmacy I was amazed at their low price and they had the generic brand I wanted. What I normally pay $30 for in Philadelphia, and that is considered a good deal, I paid $17.50 at the pharmacy here at Fry's!!! The the only bad thing was there was a two hour wait, so I have to come back. But it was worth it, I didn't mind especially when receiving such a good deal. I was so amazed that they had the right brand and at such a low price, that I felt compelled to write this review.
4	This frys is pretty good to shop at, and the customer service is quick.  The layout can to be a tad difficult to work with, but it isnt messy at all.  Fry's prices, while not always the cheapest, run fairly low.
1	This is an update on the deli .... Dear deli you suck your help is incompetent and slow I have passed up shopping in your deli because of the help you hire
1	The cashiers at Fry's are horrible. They are not customer friendly they're negative not happy in their job and makes you feel like you want to spend your money elsewhere. Even after complaining to the store manager who doesn't care either and today the assistant manager who acted like he cared. I will take my dollars and go elsewhereAlso accessing coupons from the Fry's website is a joke
