3	I can't believe this place has not been reviewed yet.  If you live in beechview you already know about this place, but if you don't you need to try this place out if you are passing through.At first glance, you will barely notice the bar/restaurant from the exterior.  Inside it is your typical Pittsburgh bar with a some additional seating in the back.  So you would think, why take the time to review this place.  Well they have a old-fashion popcorn machine which they offer free while you are drinking at the bar and this popcorn was phenomenal.  But it only gets better, happy hour pints for 90 cents.  So, delicious popcorn + beer= Great afternoon after work.  Well at this point, I was like wow, this little place well served its purpose for a cheap happy hour on my way home from work. And then: The Reuben.  Now I am not the connoisseur of Reubens but, this one was absolutely flavorful.All in All- check this place out if you are in the area and need to grab a cold one.
4	The Huddle is foolishly cheap.  It's cash only.  You'll meet a lot of Yinzers here.  It's highly entertaining to sit at the bar and listen to the conversations occurring around you.  The average age is probably 45, but it's well interspersed with younger people, hipsters, and unpretentious people that want a cheap beer.  If you live in the area, and you haven't been here yet, you should definitely swing through.  Most bottles of beer here are $2.  Don't expect to order any micros, but there's a solid list of macros available.  Buckets are a popular option.  I've also eaten here, and while I don't remember what I got, I do know that it was cheap, and it was well worth the $6 or so I spent on the meal.  Last but definitely not least...there's free fresh popcorn in the back.  Boom.
4	It's past 10pm, we're hungry, coming home from a wedding party that served small portions of non-edible food. We're visitors from the West Coast, know nothing of the area. Yelped for an establishment that is open late, and still serves food within a 2-mile radius from our hotel. Voila! Yelp has sent us to Huddle. Not only did we get some bomb-ass fish and chips, we got stiff drinks for cheap. WOW! I wouldn't mind coming back here just to hang out if we're in town again. Only thing is it's cash only. Good thing we still had some handy.
5	Who doesn't love being able to walk across the street to an awesome dive bar with a GREAT menu!My husband and I used to go to The Huddle once a week... They have REALLY good wings (also wing nights) and food, including daily specials.  The soup was always a must have, with seafood chowder being my favorite.  I always ended up ordering way too much food because it is so reasonable priced.  We'd spend $30 tip included (always at 25% because that's what a good waitress deserves) and leave with boxes of food! Definitely a place to be checked out!!!
5	The Huddle is like something out of my California-girl dreams, where something called yinzers talk about awesome blue collar things in weird accents and you watch hockey and drink beer.It is so exotic! My husband, a Pittsburgh native, thinks of it as your classic neighborhood bar. But a place like this would be overrun with Hipsters in California and they'd charge 6 bux for a PBR. They have free popcorn which is amazing. And their food looks pretty good, though I've never eaten here. Actually, once I had cheese fries and they were pretty tasty, huge plate for $4 I think it was. Great bar! Very comforting!
2	I like the double cooked wings, but they're like chick wings they're so mini.  The thing that turns me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowls for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bones or other things in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowls. Disgusting & totally unsanitary IMO. If they insist on reusing those, imagine where they are cutting corners behind closed kitchen doors. I'd go back for bottled beer, that's about it.
2	... Look... I hate writing a less than stellar review of a business. It actually makes my cold goth baby heart sad. No one WANTS to go somewhere and get bad service, thats just ludicrous. (Not Ludacris, close but not the same.)I have just recently moved to Beechview and the best part of moving to a new part of this wonderful city is giving new businesses a try! I have sampled so many tasty and amazing new food items and coffee drinks etc etc. I am always in search of a non-smoking bar where I can hang out, eat, drink, and get to know the locals. I prefer small bars with "yinzers" as they tend to be a true gauge of a neighborhood for me. We have many friends in this area, which means that we got some great tips before we even moved in about different types of food, stores, laundromats, and bars. One of these tips, repeated from friend to friend, was The Huddle. As the name implies it is a bar where you can be certain you can watch a sports game of whatever sport-ball type you're interested in. It is indeed non-smoking, a handful of tables suitable for 4 people and a "U" shaped bar right in the center as soon as you come in. It is a cash only establishment with an ATM on site for quick transactions. The have free popcorn from a popcorn machine which makes the place smell amazing. It's been around quite a while which means that there is a great group of locals who frequent the establishment. This is truly everything I need in a local bar. We had been in for the very first time for drinks shortly after moving in and happened to be in there on one of their two weekly wing nights. This are not the wee tiny wings, more a weird in between of some of the "full" size wings I've had other places that clearly came from giant monster mutant chickens (I mean maybe they were goose wings, who even knows... they were huge) and the teeny tiny wing night wings you find most other places. They have two options; buffalo (sloppy) and "tanned" which are buffalo then cooked again so they are drier and crisp and un-freaking-believeable. The prices are mega cheap and it's so filling and delicious we've been back more than once for them. I like this place so much we have even taken the handsome-boyfriend's mother there when she was in town for the weekend. (P.S. She loved it too!) My dear sweet lovely readers, here is where I have to talk about something less than all of the amazing parts I've already mentioned. Tonight, both ravenous from too little food and too much work-day, we trekked up the monster that is Coast Avenue for beers and food and a chill environment (that would undoubtably involve pre-season football). We walk in the door and aside from an employee (other than the bartender) and a few people in the back at tables, we are the only patrons aside from one regular. We belly up to the bar on the far side and say our hellos. This is where I get a serious case of the sad. The bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence. Ok, I get it... I work sort of indirectly with the public I have days where I can't handle people. It happens! As customers come in and sit down, she greets them with a warmth that was clearly lacking. Ok. That's sort of disappointing but still fine. When we got to the point that we asked for a menu three times while she retrieved menus and took orders for the people next to us an hour after we came in... thats where I start to have an issue with the service. Eventually we decided to leave because I was tipping over the line to "hangry" and was afraid I'd lose my temper after the 3rd time we had asked for menus and didn't get them while she continued to warmly greet other patrons and provide them menus and take their orders while refilling our beers seemed to be an annoyance to her to the point of not even asking if we wanted another or the same beer and just taking the glass and starting to fill it (wherein I had to stop her because I hadn't asked her for another one and actually just wanted the tab cashed out).Yes, of course I'll give it another try, I want this to be my local hang out bar. My service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman I presume is the owner has been great. The food is amazing. The prices are great. Don't let me down, The Huddle.
4	Good food. Reasonable pricing. Wings and rings were my fair my most recent stop hereMy friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious. She confirmed that it was.
