1	Went to the Gilbert DQ tonight for an after dinner ice cream treat w/ my husband and son.  We all wanted a peanut buster parfait.  My hubbie and son both like peanut butter so they decided to try the Peanut Butter Blast.   It looked just like the peanut buster parfait but w/ PB added and the price was the same so we ordered two of those and one p-buster for me.  Imagine our surprise when the Peanut Butter Blast sundaes showed up as half the size of my p-buster parfait.  We really felt ripped off by the deceptive picture shown on the menu and won't be going back ever again.  DQ....you've made my list of companies I won't visit ever again.  Sonic has a better deal and they won't rip me off.
2	Not impressed. They screwed up order.  How hard can it be do make plain hamburger,  no cheese? I told the kid taking my order 3 times no cheese.  So when I get order and check it.  Cheese.  Guy goes to remake it and comes back real quick with new burger.  I burn my fingers on burger wrap....  Why you ask? Cause he microwaved the new burger.  Grrrrr.  When I asked him if he microwaved it he said no.  WTH? No way burger was cooked on grill that fast.  Pathetic service.
3	I've frequented this location a couple times & I've never had an issue with them, service or food wise. I just enjoyed a peanut buster parfait & it was just like the picture, how many restaurants can say that!, lol  when I'm in the mood for DQ & I'm in the area I'll stop in here for a bite
5	I have had a great experience every time I have come to this Dairy Queen! Everyone is so helpful if I want to try something new or when I get my usual!  I've been coming here for years because I live around the corner and they never dissappoint!
5	The staff at this location is absolutely top notch! We literally drive 20 minutes to go to only this location. There is one right down the street from our home but they refuse to fill our special requests. The evening shift staff is the reason that we keep coming back!! They are all so friendly, and they are always willing to make our favorite peanut butter crunch blizzard. If you've never had one go here and try one. They do an excellent job!
2	Very small "large" sundaes in my opinion. Food is very mediocre.
5	Every time I visit this DQ, they have the friendliest and most efficient staff!  We have been coming here for years. There are 2 other DQ's near me and this one requires me to drive through downtown Gilbert but I will keep doing it for the great service!
5	Five stars for the young men(I didn't see any girls, but I'm sure they are just as good) that work at this location! We stopped by on a Sunday night looking for ice cream cones and ice cream cones we got. They were friendly, fast and had a smile on their faces.
5	Delicious!! Love this place. Get the 5 buck lunch. Burger, fries, and ice cream with soda. Disapointed that they removed grill burger. But, at least I can upgrade it for a dollar more.
