3	Opening night at Big Earl's! They were busy right at opening, looks like old town needed a BBQ joint!I know there's much debate about what constitutes "real" BBQ - IMHO there are many "real" BBQs. A wide range of cooking styles, rubs, sauces, textures, flavors, etc. The point being no one BBQ can hope to please everybody. With that in mind, Big Earl's has a definite "style".1) All the sauces are slightly spicy. There are no sweet or tangy sauces here. Indeed, the Ghost Chile sauce is awesome hot!2) All the sauces are smoky. If you don't like your BBQ to be slightly "metallic" (i.e. like an iron skillet), this won't work for you.That said I encourage you to give Big Earl's a try and decide for yourself!The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, better than I expected for an opening night. Prompt drink refills in a nice canning jar glass. I'm a little annoyed with the guy who kept stealing my dirty napkins. They could have absorbed a little more sauce!Apps: Just me tonight so I only sampled two, the fried pickles and the Big Earl's Challenge wings. The pickles were indescribably awesome, I couldn't stop eating them! Seemed to taste both dill and slightly sweet (like a cinnamon sugar) and wonderfully crunchy in their light breading/batter.The wings were covered in the Big Earl's Ghost Chile sauce - good hot! The heat doesn't grab you right up front but builds to a nice burn after a few wings. Oddly, the sauce seemed to make the skin on the wings slippery - so watch out for flying wings!The brisket was awesome! Sure to be a tough competitor in this year's brisket throw down. The pulled pork was tender and juicy, can't wait to try it in a sandwich. The pork ribs were a little dry for me, but nothing a little extra sauce didn't cure :-)I had sides of mac 'n cheese and homemade fries. Both worth having again. Although you need to eat the mac 'n cheese first because it cools quickly and loses some of its creamy goodness.I ordered a banana pudding for desert which I took home to share with my wife. I have no idea how it tastes because she didn't share.
5	Thumbs up to Chef James Porter, for his new establishment in Old Town! My husband and I popped in to par take in their beverages only. However, we looked over the menu which seemed crazy fun and delicious! There is even a Kids menu! We will be back for sure, and this time to par take in some mouth watering Southern BBQ, Chef James style...
5	The single best ribs I've ever had at any restaurant.  This place is brand new and off to a great start.  The mac and cheese was delicious, the bone marrow was great (as usual) and the staff and chef were friendly and helpful.  I'll be back here!
4	Very nice staff, good food, not the best BBQ in the word, but good for AZ :) gotta love the fact happy hour starts at 11am !
5	I went to #FirstService at @BigEarlsBBQ.I love the decor! And the music was top notch redneck music!Stephanie should bring water for everyone at the tableHUGE chunks in the bleu cheese!Nachos was a good mixture of meat and cheese, and more than enough to be a meal.Five cheese Mac'n had great flavor!Pulled pork was tender and juicy. Baked beans great.Potato salad had good flavor, but we were so stuffed we couldn't finish it.I'm definitely headed back ASAP!
5	We've been to a few new places lately, some were even pretty good, but none inspired me to write. Until today. We had lunch at a brand new place in Old Town Scottsdale called Big Earl's. It's a BBQ joint run by the people responsible for La Petite Maison.  Nice to be so multi-faceted! While you can get the usual BBQ suspects (ribs, brisket, pulled pork, etc.) the big treat for us was "Tasty Parts". This section of the menu included fried sweetbreads ($8.99), oven roasted beef bone marrow with pickled okra ($7.99), and pickled pig's feet  ($5.99). I know a lot of you are cringing at the thought, but believe me, this is great stuff.We had crispy pig tails with ranch dressing ($5.99) - two big deep fried items that were the shape of hot dog buns. I was thankful that they weren't curled. The meat, which you strip from the bone was succulent, especially when eaten with the fried batter, dressing, and a little BBQ sauce. I'll admit the remains did look kind of gross. Roasted pork belly with caramelized onions ($6.99) was our second dish. It wasn't quite as good as the tails since it didn't crunch, but I was licking my fingers anyway. We had started with an appetizer of  Barbacoa nachos of Texas beef brisket, Memphis Pork Butt and Velveeta Love ($8.99). The chips had been more than generously layered with the tender, smokey meats - so much in fact that I ended up taking home a large cupful of meat, which will make a great sandwich tomorrow. We also shared a blue cheese wedge ($3.99). The lettuce was nice and fresh and the dressing actually tasted like blue cheese. The bacon bits raised the salad to a higher level, so tasty and crunchy.  Both of us were stuffed, but there was one dessert that we had to try - Pecan and  Date pie ($3.99).  OMG, this was to die for. Somehow the chef managed to control the sweetness, and the creamy, tangy topping was a brilliant touch.  The restaurant is cute, not overly kitchy. There's a great soundtrack of old fashioned cowboy songs playing quietly in the background. The servers are very attentive but unobtrusive.I LOVE THIS PLACE. There's a lot more on the menu we want to sample. I think Big Earl's will become one of our go-to restaurants.
1	Hmm...I'm not sure what everyone finds so delicious about this place...I thought it was pretty close to horrible...and, I SO wanted to love it.First of all, they were out of sweet tea,  and not on a weekend, or during spring training...On a random Wednesday night. I'm sorry, but, when I eat BBQ I want a sweet tea.We ordered the fried pickles for appetizer..They were just ok...Nothing to write home about...  Honestly, Hooter's fried pickles blow these out of the water.My husband and I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a hot link (a spicy sausage.) The hot link was alright...nothing special. The pulled pork however, was HORRIBLE. It was mushy and watery..It took a lot for me just to swallow it... Seriously gross. My husband got Mac N Cheese as a side, and said "they even managed to screw this up." I also thought it was pretty ridiculous that a side of cornbread was $4..(if you don't choose it as a side that comes with your meal.)I wasn't really a huge fan of the atmosphere, either...Just didn't feel like a BBQ joint to me.One nice thing I can say is that our server was very sweet and attentive. Just wish the food was good...and believe me, I'm not a picky person.
1	Honestly, I cannot begin to think why this place is getting any good reviews as at all.. I really, and I mean really wanted to like this place. James Porter is a great chef, and I frequent Petit Mason, however Earls has zero reflection that Porter has even set foot in the door.. I really don't know that my food could legitimately be referred to as BBQ, even though I had one of the most common items to come to mind when one thinks about BBQ.. The brisket is what caught my eye, and I have to tell you, it was so dry, and tough that I though I was eating beef jerky. There was absolutely zero flavor, and I gave up after a few bites.. The waitress, although very nice, explained to me that "this is just the way we serve it"??? Dry, flavorless, tough, and seemingly at least a day old? Overall, if you're going to charge prices like that, you better deliver on the food. I mean you are a restaurant right? and food is what your relying on isn't it? Time to get to work Porter, your BBQ is terrible...
2	It was just ok. Not sure what people expect in az but it was nothing special. The pulled pork was too runny and spicy. The mac and cheese was from a box. Tell me their is better bbq in phoenix than this??????
2	Pretty ordinary and disappointing. We are fans of Petite Maison and expected a similar level of care in the BBQ. Instead we had overcooked ribs and way too solid brisket. The waitstaff was good though
5	We are HUGE fans of Chef James Porter from his Tapino days. How many Chefs in this Valley or anywhere else have pulled off (successfully, Tapino's- known for its fine cuisine and locavore dinners; Petite Maison (our very favorite) and now Big Earls BBQ, named for James' beloved father) 3 restaurants that are completely different? Chef is a huge fan of offal and so is my hubby. We sampled the fried sweetbreads (very different); bone marrow (DELICIOUS) and the pig's tails (everyone enjoyed them but wanted BBQ sauce instead of ranch dressing). This is a sampling over two weeks- lunch on Sat and dinner tonight. For our evening cuisine, we wanted to sample the ribs (my husband could have eaten them with a spoon- they fell off the bone and I don't like ribs but loved them). The smoke was subtle and the texture wonderful. I had the pulled chicken bbq sandwich, priced at a very reasonable price point and enough food for two people easily. We tried sides of greens; corn bread and potato salad. All were very good fare and a step above most barbeque spots. The vibe is nice; the atmosphere is comfortable and it is a casual, affordable, DIFFERENT type of place in Old Town. YEAH! We need diversity and options. I am not a huge bbq person but was the one pushing to come back tonight. Great food, Chef even worked with Desert Smoke to create the sauces. Delicious! We will be back! Laurie and Rodney Malone
4	Old Town Scottsdale needed some BBQ! I stopped by to see a friend and enjoyed a quick drink and a hot link... the pricing on the appetisers, sandwiches, and drinks seemed very reasonable. The rest of the menu looked promising too, with some swine-related delicacies sure to get foodies fired up. It's hard to understand why anyone would rate this only one-star - unless they have a personal vendetta. The staff was very friendly, service was quick, and my food well prepared. Good luck you guys!*UPDATE - Tried this again and it's a great place to drink too - any draft and a shot of whiskey for $3 ALL DAY EVERY DAY! They also have amazing happy hour specials and a nice bar area to hang out in.Try the pulled pork sandwich and corn bread for $7!!!
1	I was extremely excited to check this NEW restaurant out. I was craving BBQ and their menu was very enticing on-line.  I stopped in on a Sat night at 8:30 and it was pretty quiet.  Great menu options but very poor food, I had a combo plate with rubbery texture ribs  YUCK! and my Hubby had the pulled pork sand which was tasteless.  I would prob not go back.  Stacy's BBQ in Phx is much better as well as The Pitt's Again in Glendale.  Sugarbowl next door made up for the horrid meal.
1	I went  here while visiting from the Bay area with my boyfirend and his borther....we wanted some bomb bbq and figured Arizona should have some good places,,,,or at least decent... We came to big Earl's super hungry ready to chomp on some good 'ol bbq.. We came,sat down looked at the menu,ordered then looked up the reviews on Yelp....damn we should have done that first... We all ordered the ribless combo for $21.99.............................................. Man were we all bummed when we tasted our food....it was pale and soooooo dry and had a lot of fat. We tried dousing the meat with the bbq sauce to make it less dry but the bbq sauce is so terrible that it makes it worse...  We each had briskit,hot links, pulled chicken, and pulled pork...we spent $84.00 and, in the end  took it as acomplete loss...we left about 85% of our food. We've eaten bbq from all over the country and have come across a few not so good ones but when corn bread is the only thing that saves you from stravation at a bbq spot when theres a huge plate of meat in front of you...theres an issue.. Dont go there........... Seriously... Its bad... Quite disappointing,....
4	I have been wanting to go to Big Earl's since the day it opened.  I finally got my chance last night and I have to say that I was not disappointed.  They have a good selection of BBQ staples and even offer a cheeseburger for those to want to bail out on the southern food experience. I went with two other guys and we all ordered something different so I was able to try 3 things at once.  I got the Pulled Pork Sandwich and my friends got the Hot Link and BBQ Chicken.  My Pork Sandwich was tender and delicious.  The serving size was huge, really big.  I like BBQ places that offer a variety of BBQ Sauces, but I also dont want to have to choose between 10 different varities.  BBQ sauce should not be like a salsa bar.  But variety is good. I found the sweet sauce to be tangy and delicouns.  My friends sandwiches were equally well done.  But what I really want to talk about are the sides.  I had the most wonderful Cornbread and sweet Molasses sauce I have ever tasted. My friends had collard greens.  Now, my friend has never had collard greens and when he ordered it I asked him if he has ever had collard greens or know what they were. He had not.  But I was surprised when he got his order he promptly commence to devouring them.  I was impressed. Also a quick word about the drinks.  They have a great selection of beer and whiskey. Their $3 Special "The Crow" is a small beer and shot of Old Crow Whiskey.  Two kinds, regular of their Cherry infused version. I need to go back and try their happy hour because it looks like they have some really good deals.  I could go on and on about Big Earl's.  This review would get long and boring. Suffice to say, there are many many reasons why I will be returning very soon.
3	I have been on a mini-bbq quest lately for some reason. I like many others had high hopes for this place and well I have to vote the jury is still out...some good, some bad and overall I left somewhat unsatisfied but hopeful..The fried pickles were uninteresting and tasted average. I had the pulled pork sandwich with mac n' cheese.  The pulled pork had good flavor but not served hot and the mac n' cheese was runny and very average. The potato salad was good. I will go back and try some other things here until I hit the right combo of meat and sides.  My friend had the brisket which was minced for some reason...He did not care for it.  The server was excellent and was very helpful..I hope they keep working on the food a bit because the place has a lot of promise..
3	I lovvvve BBQ and I was super excited to find out that this place is in Old Town. Yay! They have a parking lot so it's not the nightmare I was expecting. I automatically adore any joint that serves drinks in a mason jar. The pork ribs were really tender, not too fatty, and really flavorful. The corn bread was so soft that I thought I was taking a bite out of a cloud. Like the atmosphere, the 5 cheese mac isn't much too be desired so skip that for sure. We waited forever...50 minutes... for our food. It was kind of crazy because the place wasn't busy at all. Yes, good food does take time...but they need to put a few more crayons on the table (you can color on the tablecloth!) to keep me occupied. We got to be really restless. Also, it was a little upsetting that 10 minutes before our food came the manager (who was very friendly) let my friend know that they were out of what she ordered...sliced brisket. So she was served the chopped up brisket used for a sandwich. She couldn't let us know this as soon as the order was put in? I heard zero country jams while I was in there. How does that work? Earl's is good...but it certainly isn't the best.
5	I love trying out new restaurants, BBQ in particular. Ive eaten here several times and have had great experiences. The ribs are perfectly cooked with the just the right amount of smoke. The mac n cheese is oooey gooey goodness! ! The menu has something for everyone. Their homemade sangria is refreshing/delicious. They have great specials for happy hour monday to friday which i intend to check out . And of course I cant forget to mention the courteous servers. Great location and always plenty of events to check out in Old Town.
4	I had passed on Big Earl's once previously after seeing the reviews were all over the place.  It goes back to my "what if this is my last meal, and it's a two star experience" phobia.  But after the Yelp event, we decided to make the giant leap of faith.They had run out of pulled pork, so we waited until it was ready and started with the brisket.  Really flavorful although a little fatty in the center.  Maybe that's the norm...I usually don't eat brisket.  We were given a generous portion for waiting for the pork.  Nice!  Two sauces at the table, original and sweet and spicy.  The latter was too sweet for me, but it was spicy.  I preferred the original with it's vinegar base.Still waiting for pork, we also had the cole slaw which I really liked since it was cider-based, rather than mayo.  The citrus collard greens were a nice alternative to the traditional ham hock flavor as well.  The corn bread that comes with the meal is a traditional corn muffin.  The dish you order as a side dish is two muffins topped with molasses.  While this was tasty, it was almost like a dessert and I preferred the corn bread without the molasses.  The only disappointment was the potato salad.  I thought the potatoes were a little too firm, and the dressing was too sweet and too much of it.  But I am extremely difficult to please when it comes to potato salad.  I'm almost always disappointed.  Finally, the big finale of the pulled pork.  Since it was just "pulled," we got an ample portion of the crispy outside portion with all the flavor.  Also all the meat is served dry so you really get the flavor of the bbq without the crutch of a sea of sauce.As for dessert, we shared (meaning I ate most of it) the pecan and date pie.  Quite good, but served refrigerator cold, which is always a mistake IMHO.  Although the last time I had pie served warm, it was 2000 degrees on the inside, so maybe cold isn't so bad.The chef, Tony, came out and chatted for a bit.  He only started within the last 2 weeks, and is still making some adjustments to the recipes and trying to work out some of the kinks that may have resulted in some of the early poor reviews.  Will definitely be back.
5	Awesome awesome I love this place I'm here 4 times a week awesome drink specials and the best bar b que in Phoenix love it keep up the good work!!!!!!
3	I was in here this week for happy hour.  Rather than ordering the special of the day I went with the pulled pork sandwich and a side of baked beans.  The pulled pork was ok but the beans were fantastic.They have a nice selection of beers on draft.  I had a couple O'dells 90 Schillings which really hit the spot.
4	RIP Jac's, just as well, Big Earl's is much better....  They have some fantastic happy hour specials.  My favorite so far: $5 crawfish boil on fridays.  It is about 1 lb of mud bugs, which is an excellent snack.  I haven't had their BBQ plates yet, but they don't seem to skimp on the portions.  Their draft beer selection is pretty respectable too.  Firestone Union Jack, Sleepy dog Hefe, 4  Peaks 8th street, Shiner Bock and Bud light.  Also, $2 cans of Busch, not many restaurants with two buck beers in Scottsdale.
3	After an awful experience at The Saddle Ranch up the street, we left (without eating) and headed here.  And I'm glad that I did.  This place had a nice selection of BBQ on the menu, a very good bar, and decent food.This is not a huge place; a few tables and a prominent bar.  We were seated promptly by a very young-looking but attentive server.The bar here was impressive.  They had a decent selection of draft beers which were thoughtfully diverse.  I had a Firestone Walker IPA which was fresh and delicious.  I also had a margarita which was prepared freshly and by default served on the rocks.  It was the best one I've had in a long time.The food was good but not great.  I had a pulled pork sandwich which was served the way I like it (with coleslaw on it) which is a big plus for me.  It was served without sauce, and was decently smokey.  The sauces on the table were a little uninspired.  There were two choices, neither of which were great.  I had two sides - fried okra (which I like) which was a little too crispy (i.e. the okra separated all too readily from the breading) and mac 'n cheese which was solid.There were some other nice choices on the menu.  A friend of mine had a side of pork-belly, which was good.  I'd return here for the bar and to try some of the other selections on the menu.
2	Maybe there was a reason why this place had an open table while others had a wait on a Sunday evening....Well, I was extremely excited to check this to have BBQ and their menu looked DE-Li-CIOUS.  Well, no matter how great their menu looked, they were out of half of the things on the menu!! What kind of place runs out of food?Wanted to try the bone marrow, out.Some other pig parts were out too...Had the combo plate... not sure. No beef ribs, low on pork ribs... =( Ending up eating pork ribs-  which was dryTri-Tip which was ok.Pulled Pork- it was decent. All of them tasted a lot better with some Original BBQ sauce that's on the table. Maybe it's because they were all on the dry side or it tasted like the food was reheated in the microwaveOn the flip side, the staff was really friendly and the bar was awesome. Tried their Sangria in a carafe, perfect for 4 wine glasses
2	Really wanted to like this place.  Nice Branding of concept, nice logo, interesting menu with some unusual offerings for BBQ concept.  Service was attentive and gracious.  That's about all the positive I can say.When trying a new BBQ joint, I ALWAYS start with their pork ribs, St. Louis, Babyback, whichever.  This place offers St. Louis cut ribs.  To put it politely, my mother in law who bakes EVERYTHING and Season's NOTHING, would come out better.  There was no evidence of a rub whatsoever and sauce comes on the side.  I asked the waitress if they had an on-site smoker and she said yes, but I can tell you there was no Smoke Ring or "bark" on these ribs AT ALL.  (Think Luby's Ribs at the buffet when you were a kid.....yes you remember Luby's).  Funny thing was BBQ houses usually smoke their products all day long, one because pork shoulder and briskets, etc take so long, second because the smell draws customers in.  I thought it odd when I walked in that I did'nt catch that aroma.  Now I know why.   My business partner had the half chicken and what arrived was frightening.  No hint of smoke, no color on the chicken, no crisp skin, no rub, no nothing.  Flabby, wet, chicken...... Made me miss the great rotisserie place a few buildings south.  Accompanying potato salad was a bust too, small red potato dice that were still crunchy and drowned in lousy dressing.  Only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the great service we had.  Get it together....You wont last any longer than the Jac's pizza joint that used to be here if you dont.
4	We went in for take-out the other day. We were first timers there. There is no doubt I will return. The staff was very friendly - huge props to the bartender, he was pretty awesome! The food was A M A Z I N G. I have the bacon cheese burger w/ Mac & Cheese. The burger was huge and juicy and cook just as I requested. The man had the Pulled Pork sandwich w/ fries also DE-Li-CIOUS. OH AND THE BEER - let's not leave that out! We had Sleepy Dog & Pipeline porter while waiting for food. Our wicked cool bartender was even nice enough to split our shared beer into two glasses for us.Bottom line, we will be back. Food was on point, the beer is good, the happy hour specials seem promising and the staff is cool.
3	My older sister, brother and I came into Big Earl's one night as we were craving some BBQ, and we were eager to try the newest James Porter spot. We were the only table in the place, which could be normal for a fairly new spot. The waiter came by our table and welcomed us, and we inquired about a wine list of sorts. The waiter informed us that they don't have a wine list, that they only have "keg wine". He said it with an inflection in his voice that made it sound like this was not something I should try. However, being that both my sister and I have lived in europe, we know that "table wine" or "tap wine" can be very good, so we asked for a sample regardless. The white variety of table wine wasn't great, lacked any real palette, but the red was good! The red was reminiscent of a red zin, so we went with a few glasses of red. Alas, do not be thrown off when the waiter informs you they have keg wine, because he is certainly not serving you Franzia. We ordered the fried pickles for an appetizer, and then both my sister and brother got chicken sandwiches. The fried pickles were done as spears, and they were "new" pickles. They tasted like they were marinated in house, but that they werent given enough time to really pick up that strong dill flavor.  I would recommend doing them as chips as the fried pickle chips are easier to eat than spears, and I would also let the pickles marinate longer to get a fuller flavor. Both my sister and my brother commented that their chicken was dry, and despite being the only table in the place, they got my brother's order wrong but were quick to fix it. I think that the concept is great, but the execution isn't quite there yet. With time and staff education, I think this place could shine.
5	Delicious BBQ! We even got a chance to meet the cook and experience his 'Ghost Chile' mash. The few of us that did try it were experiencing the 'HOT & fiery' feeling for at least 5 minutes. Thanks Tony for a great chile experience!We thought Big Earl's best dishes were the brisket (full of flavor and juicy), mac and cheese (it's the cheesiest) and collard greens (with pig part goodness). I also loved their cornbread with a buttery topping just melted in my mouth.Dessert was so good I was licking the plate at the end! Banana pudding and pecan & date pie with whipped cream. Pure heaven!The service was very friendly and attentive!
4	We went to Big Earl's BBQ and the staff was super friendly. The GM Kevin and the server/bartender Josh were wonderful and very welcoming. I personally did not eat but hit up the bar area! The drinks were very good :) Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be going back to Big Earl's BBQ! Thanks again guys!!
1	As far as barbeque is concerned, this place is awful. I'm not even sure how they can call it bbq.  The pork ribs and pulled pork was grey-looking with no sign of a smoke ring at all.  I wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't a smoker on site because the bbq didn't look smoked at all.  It tasted like cafeteria bbq that's been cooked in an oven.  Just because meat is tender and "falls off the bone", doesn't make it good bbq.  Another typical Old Town restaurant that's making it on three things:  location, location, location.  The french fries were decent and the mac/cheese looked good.  I'll stick to the smoker in my back yard if I want good bbq.  If you need any more evidence, check out where Big Earl's ranked in the Scottsdale BBQ Competition.  Nuf said.
4	Best cocktails, delicious comfort food and the best bartender in town. Thank you Josh for your warm smile and gracious ways! We'll be back very soon all the way from Minneapolis!
5	Some co-workers and I went to Big Earl's Today with some friends as they had previously been and said we had to try. We pulled up right outside the door (thanks to the private lot with lots of parking!) and could instantly smell the rich aroma of bbq. My mouth watered walking in!The menu has every kind of BBQ you could crave. Sandwiches, racks of ribs, chicken, pork, you name it. We had 2 vegetarians in the group which they had plenty of options for even including a veggie burger. Both loved it. We started with fried okra and pickles. So crispy! And the goddess sauce that came with the pickles was delicious!I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese as my side. There was a TON of pork on the sandwich and the side of macaroni could have been a meal itself! Definitely enough food for two meals. What I love is that you get to pick which sauce you want on your sandwich. I went with the Desert Smoke BBQ Sweet & Spicy version. SO GOOD. Just enough spice for that sweet tea to quench! For dessert we had the bread pudding, which we were told for that day was going to have chocolate whipped creme on top. SUCH a good idea! It was perfect with the creamy pudding and crunchy nilla wafers. I will definitely be coming back especially because they have an ALL day happy hour with great food specials. $3 sangrias, which I heard are delicious. Chef Tony, congrats on this great restaurant. Can't wait to come back!
5	I went to Big Earl's this week with my co-workers and the BBQ is amazing! I don't know how good the ribs were but I got the pulled pork and mac n' cheese (my favorite BBQ dish) and it was probably some of the best I've ever had. (I'll say it. Better than Joe's Real BBQ!) The portions were huge and reheated wonderfully - I'm eating them now as I write this review! Parking isn't easy in old town but they have their own parking lot. Also, the chef even came out and talked to us while we ate. It was an all around great atmosphere. I'm only sad I didn't get to stay for happy hour -  $3 sangria! I need to clarify that. I'm so sad I didn't get to partake in happy hour since I had to go back to work. I can say for sure, I'll be back for HH and some more mac n' cheese!
4	Stopped in to Big Earls for the first time yesterday.  First thing I noticed was the great location in Old Town Scottsdale.  It's right there off of Scottsdale Road and 1st Ave, perfect location.Next was the decor and ambiance, I love the Butcher Paper on the tables, it adds to the allure and fun as you can write on the table and it feels like what a BBQ place should be.We met Tony, the Pit Master there and he brought us out a sampler platter of Pork, Beef Ribs & Brisket.  The Pork was outstanding, had great flavor and was very moist & tender.  The Beef Ribs were like eating a perfectly cooked steak, they had the perfect amount of smoke and lots of flavor throughout.  The Brisket had good flavor, but was a bit dry, but I will give that to the fact that we were there at the end of the day, right as they were closing.  It was still good, just not as moist as I like my Brisket to be.  The sauces they had complimented the meats well, I personally like the Sweet & Spicy one the best.Love their Happy Hour menu & Pricing, certainly looking forward to stopping back in on a regular basis to enjoy all of the food they have to offer.  Stay Tuned for more reviews...
2	I was excited to check out Big Earl's (BE's), and finally convinced two co-workers to have lunch with me. We got to BE's around 2:00pm on a Wed, and where was only two other tables occupied. We were greeted promptly and shown to a tableWe placed our drink orders, and then put in our lunch request. I ordered pulled pork sammie, my friend ordered a brisket sammie. The food arrived and visually was good looking. We all ordered fries on the side, and they were cooked very nicely. Biting into the sammie, I was really surprised at the lack of flavor. It seemed more like a movie prop, rather then a BBQ sammie. I thought I would doctor it up by adding some sauce which is provided on the table (regular & spicy). The sauce had several problems. First, the consistency was very liquidy and does not have the thickness of traditional BBQ sauce. Sadly, the taste was also absent, and I was really, really puzzled. I switched it up to the spicy sauce, and found that to have the same consistency. I bit into the sammie and was once again really surprised at the lack of bite, flavor, and anything else you would expect.We ordered the cookie chipwiches dessert to go, and those were good when we had them later. One of my peers said "I wouldn't go back there for dry BBQ, but I would go there for dessert."I think this may be a case of BE's trying to be touristy friendly, and have food that is safe, and not too much flavor? The place is really cute inside, and they did a great job with the remodel. The staff was nice, and I really want this place to succeed. It is in a great location, and has TONS of promise, but something needs to be reworked here. Until then, my peers and I will have to pass on BE's, but it is worthy of another shot down the road.
4	After my sixth or so visit here at Big Earl's I have to give them a four plus rating. My first time here was opening night and it was ok...the second time was improved...third time good...etc. Now when I come in the smoke is starting to impermiate in the walls leaving a wonderful smokey resonance in the dining room, and the food has become exponentially better!!!I am like most people in the serious dining population, a lover of all things pork. And while they do some real good pig here, I am thrice impressed with the beef offerings! I like to judge a restaurant on the dishes I would absolutely return for, and the brisket is for sure that item here. Actually, the beef ribs are also one of those "return for" items as well. They, much like the brisket, are perfectly smokey, wonderfully seasoned, and impossibly tender. I highly suggest either one.As for the sides, I can honestly recommend the collards, potato salad, and the Mac and cheese...although it's not a creamy Mac, but it is gooey enough to pass my palate's stamp of approval. A huge selling point for me when I dine out are the drink specials, or selection. They are GREAT here!!! Being a total whisky slut, I am in heaven here, with dozens of delicious options, and the handful of beers on tap here make me happy for the change in libation after a few too many. Try the front porch cocktail, one of my top five here in town.Big Earl's has proven that with time, all things become better. Like I said before, each separate visit has been more fulfilling than the last. I can only imagine how the experience will be, come summer and autumn, my guess is pretty damn amazing!
5	I love this place. We ate there last night for the first time. Had the St. Louis Pork Ribs. Can't say enough about the experience.... and and where else can you get a shot of whiskey along with a Kona Pipeline Porter chaser for 3 bucks early on a Saturday night.The staff is excellent, the service is perfect and the ambience is great!! Hello? WiFi... ahh ... yes!!
5	Abridged: Just go. Every bad review you've read has been wrong.Unabridged:I was worried. Afraid. Scared of heading to Big Earl's after the reviews I read that it just wasn't up to par. I'm so glad didn't listen and went anyway.I guess I'm glad I walked in the side entrance because I didn't see the big display of tshirts Martin mentioned in his New Times review. Or they just aren't as out there. Or I was just really craving food. Either way, now that I'm thinking of Martin, I wonder if he knows he's on a big framed banned poster hanging up at Big Earl's.The place could benefit from some decor change, but I honestly think it's still that way for the mere fact that it's in old town. I bet those business buildings have HOAs. Tuscan/crap/southwestern style or die....But. I digress...Usually when I see lunch menu options at a BBQ place I tend to want to skip them b/c I think they're going to be ruined 'by the bun" and just a small icky amount of what I want to enjoy. Looking at the prices and sizes of the lunch and dinner menu though, I could tell Big Earl's was some serious shit. Serious. It was hard to make a choice. They have desserts with chocolate whip people... chocolate whip. I almost avoided real lunch food altogether. They have a leg of beast feast... folks.. if you got this for carry out, I'm not sure how it would fit in your car. But I can guarantee you'd eat it all. So what did I get?The Kentucky Mule is bourbon and ginger beer. And it was perfect. I was the only one in my group to ever have fried pickles before, and I was curious as to if they were as bad as mentioned before, so I ordered them. They were PERFECT. I have yet to see fried pickles done as well in this area as they are at Earl's. I have turned several people into fried pickle enthusiasts!!Then I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and mac & cheese. And I was full. This was the largest lunch I've ever seen. The bun at first looks like a cheap attempt at a bun, but it compliments the pork perfectly. Their sweet & spicy sauce is my favorite and the mac & cheese was to die for.As we finished, Tony, who cooks and created the sauces, came over to our table to give us a chance to let him know what he can fix. One of my table guests sarcastically complained about the mac & cheese he devoured. The result? We were brought out another side of deep fried mac & cheese. HOLY HELL!! This place is amazing. The food is stellar. Drinks are great. Prices are very reasonable for the quantity and quality and I would come back again in a heartbeat. Have I convinced a gaggle of you to come with for the leg of beast feast??? I don't want to eat it myself, but I have to admit, I'm hella curious.
5	I'm in hog heaven (literally)... Finally, great BBQ in Scottsdale! I'm so excited! This cute, funky place occupies the old Nellos location on First Avenue in Old Town and is nicely (but not overly) decorated in BBQ. It's comfortable, roomy and tasteful. The menu is full of delicious BBQ/Southern items and from what we tasted, fabulous food! We both had the brisket sandwich, which was A LOT of smoked, rubbed beef brisket on a simple white bun. The sandwich has cole slaw on the bottom and you can dress it with a small selection of Big Earl's sauces. You pick a side, and I chose the collard greens which were fabulous. My husband had the beans as his side, and they were equally delish. We had their banana pudding which comes with a chocolate whipped topping, and throughout this delightful dessert, you'll find banana's and Nilla wafers. This is an independently-run restaurant, and an absolute delightful, delicious addition to Old Town Scottsdale. Be hungry, as the portions are big and the taste, heaven!
2	Tonight was our first time there.  Bad night to go....they were having some sort of eating contest that dominated the whole restaurant.  Our dinner was good but we couldn't hear one another talk over the loud emcee who swore left and right not caring whether there were families and children present.Service was fair. Not sure we'll go back. I'm sad cause we live close by and would love to have a BBQ joint to brag about.
5	Great food. Amazing people. Can't beat it.
5	Being from the East coast, I can accurately call myself a bit of a barbeque snob. That's not to say that I only go to fine dining institutions, but that I know good barbeque when I eat it. And I found it. You know a barbecue place is going to be good when you smell it over two blocks away. That's what first led us to grab a menu and peruse. We came back a week later, and ate there.We ordered oysters and sweetbreads for appetizers, and my were they amazing. My mother is a huge seafood fan and she raved about the oysters and ate nearly all of them. The sweetbreads were actually breaded, but not so much as to mask the meat. They too were very good. Each main course was delicious, from the beef ribs (my little brother's kid's meal) to my catfish po'boy. The drinks are really good too. The lemonade was not overly sweet, while the sweet tea was just like getting it in the south.They serve all the non-alcoholic drinks in Mason jars!What really made an impression though, was the staff. Polite, courteous, and helpful they all made sure to stop by and see that we were doing well. The waitress was well versed in the menu, and was even able to debate the merits of enjoying a good deep-fried pickle. The barman knew everything in stock and made sure everybody's glasses (or jars) stayed full. And the best part was that the chef, Tony, made it a point to come out of the kitchen periodically to go around to the tables and ask everyone what they thought of the food and if they were enjoying their meal.Although not everything on the menu was tried, at least that gives us an excuse to go back. Often.And if you go, ask Tony about his rib tip appetizer.
4	Seriously, this place is the BEST BBQ I've eaten in the Phoenix area!We had the brisket plate and the meat had such a wonderful flavor and texture...we were surprised that no knife was needed. Huge portions (we brought half home and ate it the next day and it was just as yummy) of delightful brisket that is hand-rubbed with delish spices and a side of beans with cornbread.....The chef brought out (he was so nice, and wanted us to try it) deep fried mac and cheese with bacon and it was fabulous (and I mean, FABULOUS).Everyone is so nice and the food is FANTASTIC!
4	Spent the afternoon sampling pretty much everything that Earl's has to offer... the thing about BBQ is that when its good, its just awesome, but its so prone to #fail and bad BBQ is inedible. I'm pleased to say there was nothing inedible on Earl's menu and some items were pleasant standout surprises. - above all, the ribs were just as perfect as ribs can be. Did the half and half, and the beef ribs had a perfect rub finish to them, weren't overdone but had that carmelized crispiness that is just awesome. The pork ribs didn't suffer from overcooking, which I find so often. They had a meltiness to them from preserving some of the fat that was delicious. Collard greens are just tough, but these were delicious. Not overcooked, still had a bit of bite, and weren't masked in pork products. bright green and fresh.. I loved them. I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the tasty bits... the pig tails were absolutely delicious. I'd compare them to roasted turkey necks. I question if they need to be fried. The fried pickles and okra were exactly what you want from them: a bit of crunchy, a bit of salty, a bit of sweet and a lot of dressing. I tried a few other items including bone marrow, which I enjoyed mostly for its smart addition of okra though I wish it was a bit less cooked, and pork belly, which lets face it, can never be bad. This version, with onion rings and some other accoutrements didn't disappoint.Though nothing fell flat, I felt some items didn't stand up to the truly great menu pieces: macaroni and cheese came in two forms: in a crock and as a deep fried ball. Oddly, the ball had more texture and was thus more interesting, but neither were spectacular next to the ribs. Worth noting as well were the cocktails. inventive, fresh, and served in mason jars, they were the perfect accompaniment. The barkeep came out to make a suggestion to match my mood and followed up to find out if I liked it. Overall, the vibe of the place and the food lends itself to a perfect dinner out with the family, or pre club activity. Plenty of food to share at a table, and the drinks to match. This might be the perfect Southern antidote to Arizona summers.
5	I'm originally from Kansas City so when I found this BBQ restaurant in the heart of Oldtown Scottsdale I was a little skeptical...To my pleasant surprise, Big Earl's became my new favorite BBQ joint!  The beef ribs fall off the bone and have a smokey flavor that your dogs will knaw off your fingertips when you get home!!  The pork ribs are just as good, slightly sweeter.  I didn't care for the crisp coleslaw, I prefer creamy but the ingredients are fresh.  The chef came out and introduced himself.  He was super friendly and easy to talk to.  He even made fresh baked cookies for us to try.  I will DEFINITELY be frequenting this restaurant again, not only for the amazing, moist BBQ, but also for the ambiance and friendly staff.
5	My friend  and I stayed in Old Town Scottsdale recently and walked nearby looking for a good place to eat. This place stood out and based on the previous yelp reviews I figured it was worth a try. I am definitely glad I did! We were sat down by the friendly hostess and she also ended up taking our order and being our waitress. My friend and I both ordered the Beef Ribs and a couple beers. Then beef ribs were very tasty and the service was excellent! They use a dry rub but have the BBQ sauce at the table so you can put it on your food as desired. I found if you first put on the Hot & Spicy sauce and then the Original sauce, you get the perfect flavor! Turns out the hostess/waitress is actually the GM of the place. With management like her, this place is going to do great! She told me about a wing challenge they have in which they use ghost chili to make them super spicy. I love spicy food but had already finished eating so I didn't try the challenge. however, she brought me the jar of ghost chili sauce they use and and I tried a half teaspoon of it. WOW, I was burning up and my mouth felt like a fire, it actually had a good taste but burning fire hotness!Next time I am out in Scottsdale, I will be sure to visit Big Earl's to eat there again. I will try the Brisket next time I go since I hear it is awesome. Maybe I will try the Wing Challenge, but eating 12 wings that hot in 5 minutes without drinking anything sounds like cruel punishment, haha! I definitely recommend this place, and say hi to Stephanie (GM) when you go!
4	The pulled pork was good, the sweet and spicy sauce was good, the mac and cheese was insane!
4	the pulled chicken is tender but needs something more, more than the sauce provided.  baked beans are outstanding, as is the sangria.  look fwd to exploring rest of menu. well done, big earl...
3	food was great!!! service was not. im happy i had a bottle of water in my bag so i could fill my water glass for that alone i took 2 stars off we both enjoyed our bbq dishes the pulled pork was great and my husband had beef ribs he loved the food but we did hate the service .parking was good and its in a prime location ... may come back not sure !
5	The sliders, wings and burgers are delicious. My buddy said they have the best macaroni and cheese he's ever had. Currently they have specials in the afternoons.
5	Dropped into this joint just wandering around Old Town Scottsdale. Ordered the nachos and had a couple margs. WOW. The staff was friendly, have a great sense of humor (you gotta see the posted picture joke in person), and the food is...beyond good. Having only sampled the uber nacho plate, which is by the way, as big as a platter and slathered in layers of ooey gooey cheesy goodness, I can definitively say: Best. Ever. I give this place the highest marks for "doesn't suck"
5	Loved the mac and cheese, the cornbread, and the green beans. The pecan pie was TO DIE For.! I would love to buy a whole pie for Thanksgiving!!!! Try the pork belly and the fried mac and cheese or just go for a sangria and an appetizer!!! YUM! Don't forget the gourmet sides for the appetizers like tomato jam. James was kind enough to come out and explain some of the dishes and how they were prepared :)
4	One of my only goals during my time in Phoenix was to get some good BBQ. San Francisco isn't really known for southern cooking and BBQ was at the op of my list for PHX. Earls delivered with huge slabs of brisket, garlic green beans and thick as glue (in a good way) mac n'  cheese. A bit more expensive than I thought it was be, but a great lunch spot.
5	I lived in Georgia for 10 years so I know BBQ and this is seriously good BBQ!! I never order Mac 'N Cheese at a restaurant but I order it every time from Big Earl. I can't wait to bring family and friends when they come in town. Everything is just mouth watering!!! Service definitely needs some help though, not dreadful but not great either.
5	Seriously, if you are going for the BBQ there is not much better.  If you are going to get the "regular food", it will just be OK.  Their ribs and sandwiches are amazing.  I love the area and atmosphere as well.  They play really old country music most the time which makes for a fun group time.
4	Had lunch there this past Friday.  The service was slow for how few people were there, but I dug the atmosphere and LOVED the music on the jukebox.Now, for the food.  I had the pulled pork w/ cole slaw and a side of mac n cheese.  The first thing I do at ANY bbq place is try and taste the meat all by itself, which wasn't hard to do at Earl's - because they didn't drown the sandwich in bbq sauce like a lot of places do.  What I tasted was some of the best flavored pork since I went to Sonny Bryan's in Texas. I'm sure there was some salt and pepper rubbed on the hunk o' pork before they stuck it in the smoker which is really all good bbq needs.  Any REAL bbq afficionado knows that the more crap (i.e. seasonings) on a piece of meat, the more the bbq-er is tryin' to hide.  So I didn't taste brown sugar, garlic, thyme, paprika, chili powder, lemon, apple, and God knows what else, but I DID taste well smoked pork.  As God intended.  Thank you, Big Earl's!I tried both the regular and the sweet n spicy sauces which were disappointing.  They just bored me.  The slaw was crisp and lightly dressed (in other words, it wasn't goopy).  The mac n cheese was simple and perfect.
2	Lame at best... No bark on the pork sandwich and cornbread smothered in a pound of butter. I would not go back and would advise others to look elsewhere. Much better options are out there..
4	Maybe I'm a dumb Yankee and maybe I havent yet graduated to BBQ snob status, but Big Earls made me quite happy not once, but twice during a recent trip to AZ. It was the first meal I ate upon arrival, and the last meal I ate prior to departure.For the first meal, my GF and I both had the pulled pork sandiwch. Tender and delcious, moist and flavorful with a little bit of cole slaw - it was awesome. The sides of collard greens and green beans were both great.The second time, I had the brisket dinner, which included 3-4 huge slabs of beef (ayo!) which was just what I was looking for. It was slightly dry, but I prefer my brisket that way. The sauces were a nice complient as well.Their beer selection is pretty great - I had the Something Something Union Jack IPA both times and my GF greatly enjoyed her sangria.And the music was incredible for a restaurant as well - lots of songs, with singing and whatnot. It just felt right. They have TVs and the wait staff is very friendly - everyone in Arizona is very friendly, apparently - and helpful.If I'm ever making the drive from Sky Harbor to Sedona again, I will gladly lobby to drive out of the way to go to Big Earls to eat some pork and drink some beer.
2	We ordered BBQ Brisket sliders and a Hamburger .We waited and waited and waited I don't know how much time passed but the waiter apologized to us and said our food would come right up . (Lunch time) Then we continued to wait and I think  at this point another 20 minutes passed and we were told we didn't have to pay for our meals. I hate to be ungrateful but I need to mention my medium burger came out dry and well done and I had some decent fries but they were thrown over fries underneath that were also raw and not cooked . I was told they rolled out a new menu yesterday and the kitchen just stayed in a meltdown mode . I also know I should have ordered something BBQ since it is a BBQ place but they didn't have a BBQ Brisket sandwich on the menu and only had it in sliders I find sliders are too much bread for me and I am not liking sliders these days .My husband ordered the BBQ Brisket sliders and I took a bite and I do have to say they are absolutely delicious , not too fatty and flavored just right , with pickled onions that really make them bright and pop ! The meat to bun ratio was much better than other sliders I've tried .I would give them another try and order something beef brisket but I would never order a burger from here.
1	Really bad.  The Mac N Cheese tasted like it was powdered cheese with no bite/spice.  Also, we thought it was odd that they brought out the mac n cheese 5 minutes before our ribs came out.  We returned it.  We were told that they have a new menu.  The waiter was very nice, recommended the green beans and comped our side.  The green beans  and the local beer were the best part of the meal.  We got the whole rack of ribs and only ate half and left the rest.  It was dry, not tender, no flavor.  This, even though we were told it was ranked Phoenix best??  Then our bill came out wrong - they added an additional $22 to the bill by accident.  Mistakes happen, but this was overall just bad. Won't return.
1	Meh, nothing special at all! Had the brisket sliders, more like fat sliders. Save yourself the nausea....
2	We were really looking forward to taking our Grandmother there, she loves BBQ, But, this is one for the playbook... Service was Terrible..Tons of staff working, but they didn't see to care about the table patrons (they love talking to there regulars at the bar and amongst themselves)..Took a crew of about 5 to set a table, that was a few minute ordeal of us just standing there blocking aisle... Started with one waiter and then he just left, and with our orders, to be given to another waiter, who didn't have our order..Lets start that again..ARGH. His service was OK, but how bad can it be to ask for a side and it takes 10 minutes (onions for a hamburger take 10 minutes and again, they forgot the pickles..That is being waaaaaaaaaaaay demanding) Don't get me wrong, the food was OK, little dry, but the sauce did get it wet..not really any taste to the sauce, but it got the meat wet. They really liked pushing the fact of their new menu...OK...It's limited, what happened to the old menu??? All in All, food was OK, but the service was Terrible.. Really getting sick of restaurants that because they have a Scottsdale Address, they can forsake the Customer Service..Remember, the food is only Part of the Dining Experience...
1	Never have I encountered such a stupid arrogant wait staff in my life. Totally turned me off and I will never go back. And this is coming from a reviewer who NEVER cares about the service as long as the food is good or even if the food isn't that good, and I tend to get annoyed at reviewers who place such importance on serviceI've been here twice. Both times I got take out. FIrst time, I sat down at the bar to have a beer before ordering my takeout order. The dude working the bar was chatting away for a solid 5-6 minutes with 3 or 4 other guests at the bar. He looked like he was a general manager and there was another guy behind the bar literally slaving to make like 10 other drinks, so I don't blame him. So why can't this general manager looking dude get me a drink? He looked at me twice, and after a couple minutes I was just waiting to see how long it would take for him to ask me what I wanted, because I certainly didn't want to interrupt his conversation, and thought it was a joke. He never asked me. And then the guy who was slaving away, finally got to my drink order. Then of course once I finished my beer the dude who ignored me asked me if I needed another beer. No thanks broski, I'm good.Second time I went in was tonite. Some cute girl was working behind the bar and she was definitely the type of person who is doing YOU a favor by bringing you your drink order. Cut the crap sweetheart. So then she asks me if I wanted a menu as she brings me my beer. I said yes. 30 seconds later some dude comes in at sits near me at the bar and he seemed like a regular because she's like hey how have you been blah blah...and the dude says he's doing good and hungry. So she brings him a menu and starts chatting him up a little as he is asking how some of the apps are. so she finally puts in his order after 4 or 5 minutes. So I'm like, hey, can I get my menu? As she is putting in his order. And again she has a slight look of disgust that I interrupted her from putting in his order and that she was doing me a favor again. I then get my takeout order and I'm ready to go. So I ask for some extra BBQ sauce, because the last takeout order I got only had 2 tiny cups of BBQ sauce in it. Not enough for a sausage, ribs, and pulled pork combo. Then I get home and there is a whopping 1 extra small cup of BBQ sauce in there. Not to mention zero napkins and zero silverware. I mean WTF is this? I spend 47 bucks on a combo order, 2 sides. (granted I had a salad at the bar and a beer) And they can't even give me more then a half an ounce of extra BBQ sauce and no napkins or silverware??? Is this place actually a business with breathing human beings inside??? The food is actually pretty solid, which is why I went back a 2nd time. But the portions are not worth the money at ALL. I'm still hungry right now and I had a combo order brisket, pulled pork, sausage and 2 extra sides. How is that possible? Their sides are 4.99 each...4.99 for a side of fries??? I mean...they must have been 50/50 on either starting this restaurant or robbing a bank before starting the restaurant..."Let's scrap robbing a bank guys, much easier to charge 4.99 for fries and not have to worry about going to prison" This place is an absolute ripoff. The Mac and Cheese is good and worth the 4.99 if it were the year 2020 right now. The sausage is REALLY good. But is SO small. I would have to eat literally 19 pieces of the sausage to be satisfied if I was just eating that.I realize this is a long review. I'm not a nitpicker or a complainer, maybe I'm just having an off day. But these people working here totally rubbed me the wrong way    with their lack service, attention to detail, and medium to small portions for the high prices you pay. I would pay money to eat at a homeless shelter where the food is free before giving this place a cent of my money again.
2	It was not bad, it was not great.  The staff needs to be trained, he took our order (which he did not write down) and then came back to get our order again?
3	We are from the midwest where you can find a barbeque spot in just about every corner. So moving to Phoenix, we actually had to research and find a place. So we ended up in Scottsdale Old town at Big Earl's. Food - I had the pulled pork sandwich and my husband had the grilled chicken and a sausage link. None of the meat had that much flavor or juiciness that you come to expect from barbeque. I did like the fries that came with my sandwich though. Service - was fine. They explained how AZ residents aren't as familiar with barbeque so they infused alot of their food with the southwest like pulled pork sliders. Drinks were always full and he checked up on us only when needed. Ambiance - was good at first, easy-going and casual atmosphere, a pig on the wall... but there was a party on the other side of the restaurant that kept creeping to our side. We practically had people leaning on our booth table and chatting it up. The waitstaff tried to push the people back in the area, but they kept on coming back out standing almost right on top of us while we eat. Overall, the food was average for BBQ in Phoenix. I'll try it again sometime.
1	Poor service, undercooked salmon, runny queso, overall NOT good. Would not recommend to anyone
4	Big Earl's BBQ was featured on Man vs. Food.I'm a big bbq fan and have been lucky enough to of had the opportunity to visit some of the best bbq restaurants in the country. Arizona isn't one of those places that you would expect to find exceptional bbq, so after seeing that Big Earl's was featured on Man vs. Food, I was very excited to give it a try.I ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich and would rate it as an above average sandwich. The bread was average, the meat was pretty good, and the Apple Cider Slaw turned it into an above average sandwich. The sandwich came topped with the Big Earl's Original bbq sauce, which was good, but nothing special. They also had bottles of the Original and Bold & Spicy Sauces on the side. I added some of each sauce to portions of the sandwich and again thought that the sauce was pretty average.I also ordered the Roadhouse Brisket Sliders to go and ate them when I got home. These sliders were very good, and would have been better if I would have eaten them at the restaurant. The sliders were over flowing with brisket, had the Original BBQ Sauce, and were topped with Horseradish sauce. A very original combination that came together for an amazing taste. I would rank Big Earl's as one of the best bbq places in Arizona, but not quite up to par with the best in the country. It's located in the upscale area of downtown Scottsdale, so it's definitely a different vibe then most of the better bbq restaurants that one might be used to. I sat at the bar and would say that the staff was very helpful and friendly.Above average food along with a good beer selection and friendly service, gives Big Earl's BBQ and above average rating of four stars.
5	Plain and simple. Good BBQ.But holy s$&@ was the bone marrow good. Lose the sweet sauce and squeeze the lemon from your water over the marrow and wow.
5	Super hungry after a day sightseeing. Inadvertently skipped lunch, so dropped in here around 4pm to have an early dinner. I love good BBQ, and Big Earl's did not disappoint.Started with a couple happy hour $5 appetizers, including chicken and waffles. Damn good! Fried chicken pieces, waffle,maple syrup and hot sauce. Main course was brisket and pulled pork, cole slaw, and an unbelievable mac and cheese with bacon sprinkles on top. Throw in a Pabst Blue Ribbon and I was loving life. Ended with a banana pudding that was off the hook..Nilla wafers and all.Great place, friendly staff, nice atmosphere ... about the best BBQ I've had in the Phoenix area. Will be back
2	Man I was very disappointed with my experience at Big Earl's.  Maybe I hit it on a bad night but the food was not good at all.  It might have been the saltiest BBQ I think I have ever had.  My girlfriend and I left dinner with that weird salt feeling on the back of our tongues.  I got the Brisket sliders and instead of strips of brisket it was diced up meat smothered in BBQ and salt.  It almost felt like it was 2 day old brisket that they wanted to reuse so they diced it up and slapped it on a slider bun, they tasted it and said oh crap that is bland 2 day old brisket and poured salt on it.  Meat was super greasy and the deep fried pickles were crazy salty as well.  I'm giving them 2 stars because the fries were pretty good and they give you about 2 lbs.
2	Menu has changed. Food tastes totally different now. Not what it used to be. :(
2	Came here on a Saturday and they were out of bone marrow and braised pork. Strike 2. Decent place. Not sure of brown paper on table as a decoration. Place is weak sauce. Caters to people that like McDonalds BBQ sandwiches. Which means that can't tell the difference between quality Texas style BBQ and meat with BBQ sauce on it. Will not be going back. Done.
4	While strolling through Old Town Scottsdale one afternoon, my wife and I came across this little gem near the corner of 1st Ave and Scottsdale Blvd.  We were drawn in by the smell of brisket and ribs wafting through the air, and after reviewing the menu, decided to make reservations for dinner.Even with the Spring Training dinner rush, the service was still quick and friendly.  After browsing around the room to see what others ordered, and asking for recommendations from our server, we decided to start with the fresh guacamole (fresh chopped avocado, not mashed, with chopped onions and tomatoes), followed by the bone marrow.  If you've never had marrow, I recommend you try it!  Big Earl's serves their huge marrow bones with toast and a wonderful tomato-onion jam!For our meal we decided to split the brisket with jalapeno corn bread and slaw, and added a crock of mac 'n cheese.  The slices of brisket were HUGE, with a thin layer of fat (it's BBQ, a little fat is OK) and a wonderful smokey flavor.  The brisket was also served with two squeeze bottles of sauce...one a sweet and tangy, the other more resembled a vinegar sauce I would expect from the south east.  The cornbread wasn't out of the word, but still delicious.  The slaw was freshly made, not pre-bought, with a hint of apple vinegar.  The Mac 'n cheese was creamy and provided a nice contrast to the rest of the meal.  All-in-all, we enjoyed our experience and would come again!  The only reason I rated 4 out of 5 was because was because they were out of St. Louis style ribs.  :-(
3	I was raised in the south and love BBQ.  I would classify Big Earl's as Georgia-Texas BBQ fusion.  The collard greens and vinegar slaw were outstanding.  The cornbread was a little too tex mex for me.  I had the pork ribs and beef brisket.  Both had good flavor.  I would have given a higher rating but the meat was a little dry for my taste and the price was too high, especially for lunch.
1	The first ingredient in their bbq sauce is ketchup.  Sorry, doctored ketchup is NOT bbq sauce.
2	Had lunch here today - wasn't floored. Ordered a pulled pork sandwich. It tasted okay, but there were a few things about it (and the other dishes my friends ordered) that seemed a bit odd:- Food was not hot when it got to the table. Lukewarm at best.- Lots of meat on the sandwiches, but it wasn't especially flavorful- Had to ask for barbeque sauce to put on top of sandwich... make of that what you will, but I was amazed that the "original" sauce had more kick that the one that was supposed to be spicy.All in all, Earl's filled the hole, but it wasn't worth the price.
4	We were in Scottsdale on vacation a few weeks ago.  We were walking around Old Town and we came across Big Earl's.  We decided to go in for lunch.  My sister had pork tacos which she loved and I had the pork slicers with fries.  Both dishes were not overly spicy, just right.  The waiters were nice and friendly.  I would recommend anyone who is in the area to go and try it.
3	Can't say I ate here because we went in and he began by telling us they were out of pulled pork and ribs  for awhile.If you own and operate a BBQ place in a busy tourist location and it's a Saturday you need to make enough so you don't run out at 2:00 on a Saturday!It was disappointing as the reviews said it was good, maybe next time? Who ever runs the place needs to better plan so you don't run out of items that make up90% of your menu!
4	The ribs were absolutely delicious! The baked beans were not quite what I expected, but the rest of what we ordered was very good and the waitstaff were very attentive.
2	I've been walking past Big Earls around 2pm to appointments in the area, and it always smells SOO good. My boss, co worker and I were in the area for lunch and we stopped there on my endorsement. It was kind of a disappointment. The chicken and waffles I had seen on the happy hour menu in passing before were not available. I had the wedge salad which was pretty good, but not as good as Saddle Ranch (I believe that is the best wedge in Sc). My boss had the tender belly and it was ok, my co worker had the pork nachos (kind of fail there). Overall the service was good, but for the decor and presence of the Big Earls BBQ sign, the food just didn't live up to it. Maybe I was expecting someting facier.
5	Yes, outstanding BBQ but that was expected.   The big surprise was the gourmet hand.... We absolutely fell in love with the appetizer of stuffed peppers!  A beautifully roasted pepper stuffed with chicken, layered with cheese and topped with an elegant (yes, elegant) slightly smoky tomatoe sauce.... Go!  You will return.
2	Saw this on Man vs. Food, so I was extra excited to eat here since I usually love the restaurants Adam has showcased.  Well, all I can say is underwhelming!  Mac n' cheese, wattery adn no better than the instant mac n' cheese I make at homeCornbread, "ain't nothing wrong with that," unless it is bland as theirs.  @ least it was not greasyPulled Pork Sandwhich, this is my wheelhouse, I have had one from coast to coast.  North Carolina usually has the best, but I was hoping for big earl.  Sauce was pretty good, the hot was a little watery, but fortified with the regular it had a good taste and consistency.  The meat, pretty darn good, not fatty, and overall would get an A.  The bun is where they lost me. The final touch, the bun, was nothing better than a bun that you can get from wherever you buy generic bread.  It was white, and lifeless. Come on guys, you are killing me Earl!  Synopsis, it is good in a pinch, but if you are going to eat good BBQ in AZ, make the drive to Joe's in Gilbert, much better and authentic.
3	I came here for happy hour and was really disappointed.  First of all, they no longer have the chicken and waffles happy hour that they've become known for.  It's what we came there for, and the waiter didn't even seem apologetic or receptive to our disappointment.  We ordered the guacamole and chips, which the waiter said was made fresh to order, and it came out looking like a huge heap of guac that looked delicious.  Image our disappointment when we realized the bottom half was lettuce, with guacamole on top to make it look bigger!  The chips didn't have much flavor, and this dish wasn't that great.  Next we got the pork belly kabobs.  These were fatty and chewy, and were actually pretty good.  I think these are a must-have, because it gives you a chance to try the different barbeque sauces that Big Earl's offers, which were very tasty.The margaritas were really good and really strong.  They don't do blended, but for happy hour they DO make them strong.  Worth coming there for these!
2	While exploring Old Town Scottsdale, I came across Big Earl's and decided to give them a try. Cool, cowboy motif, and great, old music. l was immediately seated and brought out my drink. I ordered the beef brisket dinner, which came with corn bread and cole slaw. I added mac & cheese for $2.99. Dinner was brought out quickly, and with two types of BBQ sauce. I was not impressed. My beef brisket, although larger in portion, was extremely dry. I'm used to brisket so moist, it almost crumbles. The cornbread was good, but also a little dry. I did not try the coleslaw. The mac & cheese was equally disappointing. It was really watery, and tasted like onions. All in all, definitely not worth the $29 I paid for it. Sorry, Big Earl, I wanted to like you.
5	Absolutely delicious!!! The pork ribs are out if this world. They were meaty, juicy and the dry rub was perfect.  I added just a touch on the BBQ sauce that was brought to the table was enough. Can't wait to get back their.
2	Last summer when I was in AZ I ate here a few times and it was always great!  I love the pulled pork sandwich.  I ate here while I had family in town a few weeks ago and it was nothing like it used to be.  The sandwich was lacking in flavor, they didn't have the same sides they used to.  We got these fried potatoes which had way to much seasoning on them, none of us ate them.  This place has gone way down hill, I won't be going here anymore.
3	The food was good - brisket and ribs and mac and cheese.  Good sangria too.  But it is over priced for BBQ, but it is an interesting twist in that is it a little bit BBQ and Mexican - maybe the restaurant  still finding its way.Service was good, but due to pricing, we will not have it on our list of must go backs
2	I had the pulled pork plate and let me tell you I have had better.  With the way the prices are you would think your dining at a more upscale restaurant.  I know BBQ isn't cheap but  the prices here are a bit overboard.  My wife had the sea-bass and said it looked a lot better than it tasted.   I have now had this place twice once for lunch and once for dinner.  If you want BBQ steer clear of Big Earls, unless of course your looking to throw some money away and in that case I'll give you my number.
4	Really great BBQ! Ordered one large rack of ribs dinner and two additional sides for my husband and 12 year old to share. Love the sauces and services was great!
3	Ok. Truth is...it's an upscale Mexican restaurant with a some BBQ items on the menu. And even those have a Mexican flair (e.g. Pulled pork served with black beans and tortillas.)  Not bad ...just know that it's not a down home BBQ joint  with greasy fries and soggy bread. Pricy - but decent portions (for the pulled pork anyway).  Ordered a margarita without seeing a price list.  My bad because when I got the tab it surprised me that the drink cost $9-it wasn't worth $9.  Place is just too expensive.
5	OK. first thing! you think is just bbq but when you see the menu WOW they have mexican food and not just any mexican food i mean i am mexican n im tired of just tacos,burritos, etc the comun thing ugh! NO this guys know whats up they have pollo en mole, chiles rellenos, COCHINITA PIBIL!!!, enchiladas suizas gosh i just got hungry to think about them! LOL but of course they still have the bbq ribs so dont think is no more bbq anymore they just were smart n made a fusion. the service is perfect and quick! if you wanna try legit mexican food that you cant find anywhere this is your place and if your friends dont want mex they still have the great bbq ribs.
1	Big Earl's is full of sh**! The sign has a pig on it and says BBQ. We walk in and there's Spanish music playing. Don't get me wrong I'm a Mexican and love Mexican food just as much as the next Mexican. But what I thought BBQ meant is not what they see it as. Just because you have a few BBQ dishes does not qualify you as a BBQ place plain and simple. If BBQ is what u want. Stay away from this place. They need to advertise that it's a Mexican place with BBQ dishes.
2	The food was good - brisket and ribs and a black bean soup. We had a chili cheese pepper thing that was delicious but was tiny for $10. I had a good sangria too but it is over priced for BBQ,  and never had Mexican BBQ so i felt the favors didn't go that well together. We had one appetizer and split an dinner dish, and I had one sangria. The bill was over $50 with tip and no left overs.Service was great, but due to pricing, we will not be back.
1	They need to go back to BBQ vs white table cloth uppityness. We walked in at 12:30 on a Saturday and it was dead. Now we know why. Owner or manager was extremely rude by making faces at our questions and grunting sounds. High chairs were broken and menu wasn't BBQ except a pulled pork sandwich.  I suggest the Mexican place across the street.
4	Authentic Mexican Fare, ambiance, and personal service-- but the name has no place here. I was visiting last weekend and my husband wanted some BBQ for some reason. Being from NC it's a struggle for us to figure out where to go-- luckily, I read a review on Yelp and saw that they also offer traditional Yucatan dishes- including conchinita pubil, one of our faves. Despite the name, I felt confident choosing for my picky foodie wannabe husband. The guacamole was divine and we also sucked down margaritas, a rack of BBQ ribs, and the pubil. All cooked fresh and perfect! The atmosphere was clean, simple, and pretty-- very nice for a casual romantic date and not at all what I would imagine "Big Earls" to look like. Chef Luis came over and we engaged him in a discussion about food, travel, and recipes. He realized we all shared passion for fresh, authentic fare and offered to make us filet & Huervos Rancheros the next night....so, we returned on the second and final night of vacation and brought two friends who live in the area! All of us raved about the guac(we had to have it again) and our specially prepared dishes! My friends got the Mahi fish special and loved it!I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the name needs to go--- everything else if Perfecto!
2	You walk in and are greeted by ESPN on the tv, gypsy kings on the radio, and a BBQ restaurant that almost exclusively serves gourmet Mexican.  Talk about an identity crisis.  We wound up ordering Mexican and every dish was underwhelming and not worth the price tag.  They also charged our party of 6 a 20% gratuity to boot.  Guys, I recommend you go back to the drawing board and come up with a consistent concept.
1	I went Big Earl's for the first time with a friend around 8pm recently.  There was one guy eating at the bar and another guy sitting at the bar just watching football on the TV.  We waited a couple minutes and we're greeted by no one.  We approached the men sitting at the bar and the man eating said he didn't work there. The other guy didn't get off the chair and asked if we wanted to eat. He then tells us to sit wherever we'd like and continues to watch some more football before bringing any menus over.  After he drops off a couple menus during the commercial break he heads to behind the bar where he shouts across the room asking us if we want anything to drink.  This poor service continued on for the remainder of our stay.   When our food came to the table one of the dishes was chile rellano when I ordered the ribs.  We were the only people in the restaurant so I'm not sure how that order got messed up. By the time the ribs came out my friend had already ate 75% of his meal.  No apology was given or any attempt to make sure we were fully satisfied.  At one point during our visit the server/cook (aka, guy who was more interested in watching football) brought over a mystery sauce in a bowl that he starting spooning onto both of our plates without asking.Overall, I would never return to this place again and highly recommend anyone considering going to Big Earl's to stay away and pick another place.
5	Our experience at Big Earl's was fabulous! It's a quaint place in Old Town that is BIG on service and flavor! I had the Yucatan pork sandwich and my husband had the regular pork sandwich. The buns were swishy and so fresh, the seasoned fries were tasty and the shredded pork to die for! I don't think we've had better anywhere! Give it a try... You won't be disappointed!
1	Pulled pork sandwhich was dry, the cole slaw was rubbery, and the collard greens had been drowned in vinegar mixed with bbq sauce. I got extremely sick after. Yuck on this place.
2	Not a fan!!  I just left there for lunch.  I had read a comment about them not having an identity (Ryan J.).  I agree they are going in different directions.  I tried the brisket.  Eh!  I am a smoker of meats and a bit of a traditionalist, so I thought it was odd to have it served to me in a pot of juice and water.  Was this really smoked or slow cooked?  It did not have smokey flavor I was craving.  AND for a  "smoke house," I smelled no smoke...that should have been the only sign I needed.
1	We went here on a Thursday night and should have known that it was not going to be a good experience when we saw that there was only one person in the whole place. The owner (manager?) greated us and was just loud and over the top. Once we got the menus we realized that we were not in a traditional bbq place. It had a few bbq dishes and a bunch of gourmet mexican food. I ended up getting a bowl or tortilla soup since nothing on the menu appealed to me, especially for the prices. It was terrible. It was all bright red broth and super salty. I couldn't drink enough water. It also had so little tortilla that I threw some of my boyfriends rice in it to try and dress it up a little. My boyfriend ordered the enchillad's and only ate about half which is very unusual for him. They were covered with a sauce that looked to be the same as the broth from my soup only a little thicker. Needless to say...we will never be going back here when there's other great places to eat in Old Town.
2	Not impressed! Place is decent and the prices are fair but lunch was boring and not memorable. Pulled pork sandwich lunch special with fries $7.99, draft pabst blue ribbon and a side of BBQ sauce, because the pork was so bland and dry. I placed my $20 on the counter and was given change and told the bill was $13.06. Not sure how that happened, asked for the receipt and and the waiter made plenty of excuses for not being able to give me one....pretty sure he pocketed that money. Not cool!Either way BBQ sauce is part of the BBQ experience....you would have thought I asked for alien fingers or something. Weird!Not sure where to get great BBQ in AZ, but I won't be going back to Big Earls....certainly not worth the money!
1	Not good at all!  Two beer selections on tap, and only one bottle of the beer I decided on in the entire place.  The meal was fatty and not tender.  We overheard a server mention that it was under new management, but that was over a year ago.  This place needs help.
2	Pulled pork and Mac and cheese just didn't do it for me here. Like others say its not really a bbq joint as much as a Mexican restaurant. So I suppose had I gotten something other than bbq I would have enjoyed it much more.
2	Underwhelming. I got the smoked sausage, pulled pork and brisket plate. The portions were awful, the quality only decent, and the service was marginal at best. I won't be coming back, as there are much better restaurants only a block or two away.
1	Boo. $18.50 and I got 3 small ribs.My friend got dried out pulled pork.Ate it all cause there wasn't much. Two sides offered- fries and mac and cheese. No mac and cheese tonight.
4	I visited here after a morning of shopping in the nearby shops and mall. I found this restaurant using the "TV Foodie" app as Big Earl's was featured on Man vs. Food.I love BBQ and the food here did not disappoint. I had a pulled pork sandwich with a side of the seasoned fries. The fries were delicious and the pulled pork was juicy, melt in your mouth, good. I love the tangy BBQ sauce and I wish I was able to bring some home with me.I also ordered a sangria to accompany my meal. It was an apple sangria, with a hint of cinnamon spice to it. Definitely a different and delicious twist to citrus sangrias.In addition to great food the service was great. We had a fabulous waiter who was quick and helpful. The owner even stopped by our table for a visit and a fun photo op! Next time I am shopping in the area I definitely plan to visit again!
3	Service sucked.  He seemed annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted as soon as we sat down.  The only reason I'll go back is because the enchiladas were the best I'd had in this town.  Meat was tender and the tortilla was moist and thin, just like I like it.  The red sangria is amazing. You get just a hint of cinnamon.  Not too sweet, very refreshing, though not very strong.  Maybe a good thing, that way I can drink more.
4	Good food and great service. They are going to change their name but still great time all around. Get the guacamole and the filet plus sangria and you will be happy.
