5	I found this business online after searching for auto detailing services and I could not be more pleased!  When I called, Jon answered right away and was very accommodating in scheduling a time to clean my car upholstery. He called to let me know when he was on his way to my vehicle,  he arrived when he said he would, and he did an exceptional job!  He was very professional, flexible (I added a small additional request after he arrived) and I feel his price could not be beat!I Highly Recommend this business based on my experience!
5	Because I was pleased with my first experience with At Your Curb, I called on them again this week.  Jon performed a car wash and light detail for a car I was posting to sell.  He really takes his time and does a great job.  I'm happy to report that my first review was spot-on and that my second experience was just as good as the first.
5	I had a full detail done to my vehicle over the weekend. Jon did an awesome job. He called to let me know he was on his way and arrived shortly thereafter. He spent the better part of the day working on it.The car looks great. My husband was impressed and now wants to get his truck done. The price was extremely reasonable, considering he worked for a solid 4.5 hours on it! We'll definitely be returning customers!
5	I have used At Your Curb to detail three of my vehicles now, one of which I was selling. After Jon was done with the truck I was selling, I almost didn't want to get rid of it. He does such an amazing job; words cannot do justice. His attention to detail and customer service are beyond anything I've ever seen and are why I will continue to use At Your Curb. Don't waste your time shopping around, you won't find a better price for the superior service you will receive.
5	Awesome I used them before future business for sure. My car came out looking brand new and to heck with those overbearing sales people that do poor jobs
5	I haven't had my car detailed since I bought it a few years ago and after two dogs and many road trips my car was DIRTY!! I recently moved to Arizona and decided it was finally time to do something about it. I found Jon here on yelp! And decided to give him a try. I'm so glad I did! Jon was able to fit me in the same week and spent hours detailing my car. He came right to my house which was so convenient for me. After more time than I care to think about because my car was in such bad shape - my car looks better than when I first bought it!! I am so thankful for Jon, his service and his attention to detail! I can't recommend him enough!
5	We just had a Complete Detail service done for our 2008 Honda Civic through At Your Curb and we couldn't be more pleased with the results.  Jon exceeded our expectations not only with his prompt and courteous service but he offered to do the job on Sunday (when the service is normally closed for business).  Best of all, he came right to our home to perform the service, couldn't be more convenient.As anyone who has a young child/children can attest, kids can do a number on your car's interior over the years, and ours was certainly no exception.  Six years of stains are a nightmare to get clean but Jon was able to clean our interior to an amazing like-new condition, not to mention making the outside shine better than it had in years.Convenience, low prices and courteous service, what more could you ask for?  If you are considering getting your car detailed, do yourself a favor and contact the folks at At Your Curb.  You'll be very glad you did.
5	Seriously people call Jon now. AMAZING service. I'm not a personal friend of his writing a fluff review - I am a customer and I will be for many years to come. Jon takes his time and is incredibly meticulous about the work he performs and has amazing work ethic. Jon spent nearly 6 hours detailing my wife's car and we couldn't have been happier. He's absolutely amazing and does a fantastic job. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Jon. Whether you're detailing your Honda accord or your Ferrari he is the man for the job. Engaged, returns calls, explains things in detail. Its rare to find a company like Jon is running. Give him a call you won't be disappointed!!
5	Called Jon on a Thursday and set up an appointment for Saturday.  He was there and worked 6 solid hours on my vehicle.  Did a fantastic job on a 8 year old car.   Amazing doesn't even begin to describe it.  Inside outside the engine and the trunk all look better than new.   Believe me I wasn't kind to my car..... Anyhow his prices were super reasonable and he was a very friendly and nice man.  I suggest you contact him for all your auto detailing needs.   You can't go wrong with At Your Curb LLC and Jon.
5	Did the interior on my two cars. Jon came in time, took about 7 hrs. Didn't miss any Interior details. I won't say it was cheap, the quality of his work  is excellent. I was going to give 4 stars, then when he was about to leave he left the offer that he will come back for any thing he missed or any stain that is left behind. My cars look new again. Highly recommended.
