4	For full disclosure, it has been a while since I have been here, however, I do remember the meal being fantastic.  The mussels in white wine sauce were a dream, but too huge for two of us to share as an appetizer.  My veal with capers and lemon sauce was great, but a little tart.  Overall, this was an enjoyable dining experience with great food. The service was spectacular and the old-school feel of this Italian bistro makes it worth a visit.  The atmosphere is very low-key, but still elegant.  Your date will surely be pleased with this pick.
2	I wanted to like this place as when it first opened at Scottsdale/camelback it was one of the best Italian spots in town but over the years it has moved, changed owners and never really found a footing so last night we went and well it was a yawner.  Brian from Pasta Brioni became either the owner or chef don't really know for sure but he put a few Brioni staples on the menu.  Firstly the big, stale rolls and institutional butter have to go..they were fresher at Brioni but fresh sliced bread from a great local source would be way better..The Kirkland olive oil & Balsamic bottles only detract from this spots credibility. The wine list and the captains list are just plain bad and needs to change today! The vibe of the place is flat and just has no character(even the piped in music stinks)     They need a GM at the front that can set the tone and give the place some badly missing character.  The food is okay but lacks any serious flavor.  We didn't  even stay for dessert so I don't know  if they get their desserts from Costco too..Overall not worth it until they make some much needed changes..
4	Looking for northern Italian fare, Un Bacio at Gainy Ranch is inviting the moment you enter their doors.  The decor is impressive with over sized urns filled with rich flowers. The long bar area, where a vocalist hits every appropriate note accommodates diners with cocktail tables to dine at as well.  I choose to have dinner in the main room which accommodates large groups as well as small intimate tables.As for the service, the staff are friendly and very attentive.  Our choice of salads were the seafood and caesar both very tasty. The bolognese sauce was flavorful and a good choice as well although the meatballs were not up to my standards.  A bit pasty and hard.  As for the dessert, the flour less chocolate cake was scrumptious and perfect to share.  For a neighborhood restaurant a definite go to spot.
3	Un Bacio is a standard, pleasant Italian restaurant. It gets a little extra credit for maintaining the friendliness and convenience of a "neighborhood" Italian restaurant while still feeling like a special "night out". Does that make sense? I don't think so, but I'm not going to erase it, I'm just going to move on and say, this place has good pasta, good pizza, good salads and good service. They're really nice, and they'll make you pretty much anything you want. The only problem with Un Bacio is that it's kind of unexceptional, and we all no there's no shortage of unexceptional Italian restaurants out there. Basically, if it's in your neighborhood, you should go there.
4	Love Unbacio for happy hour! Great location as well!We've always sat in the bar at a comfortable high top table. I've only stuck to the Seafood Salad, it is very light and fresh. The bar has a fun atmosphere with quite a bit of regulars and people watching!
4	Party of 6 with reservations seated immediately. Service was friendly as mentioned in the other reviews, waters were always topped off. The bread and "green" herb butter to start was great and everyone enjoyed their meals. I went with the veal parmesan special and was very pleased with my selection. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for fine Italian dining. Cheers!
4	Ive been here twice and my favorite item has been their version of tiramisu. It's not soaked in espresso or whatever the local italian eateries are using these days..it's made with champagne! It's light and fluffy..it's like eating a cloud from heaven. Very much a date place.. It has a "romantic" atmosphere so don't go there if you're not trying to give off that vibe. Otherwise great for a group setting..... Oh and for any potential cougars the waitstaff is delicious eye candy. ;)
5	Great food, variety of choices on their menu, reasonable wine list and excellent service, at least in the bar.  I have never eaten in the main part of the restaurant.Their veal is always primo and their chicken parmigiana is the best in town.Having come here from New York, I was very happy to find an Italian restaurant that makes me feel at home.
5	Ordered from the Happy Hour menu, and there was not one bad item on there. I was actually offered a tasted from several people from their sampling. We were all there for a Raven B2B event, so when it was my turn to pick for me I was stuck. The shrimp, clams, garlic cheese breads (sorry when it comes to food, garlic wins, if you don't like it then don't go to Italian places). Excellent atmosphere, the bar crew was excellent. I can't wait for next month!!
5	Had dinner here on Easter while in Scottsdale for vacation.  When we pulled-up in the parking lot and I could count the number of cars on less than both hands we were a little bit nervous.  We walked-in and was greeted by a VERY nice host.  Not sure if he was the owner but that's not relevant....he was VERY nice.  I always appreciate when the host in a restaurant tells you who your server will be.  Brad showed-up immediately with water.  Warm rolls were served to each of us and we were offered table olive oil.  The menu looked outstanding...had a hard time deciding.  My son had the usual.....spaghettie with marinara.  My daughter had Gnochi in Vodka sauce.....she LOVED it (and she's a little picky).  My wife was very adventurous and ordered the dumplings with Vodka sauce.  If I hadn't ordered the chicken parmagiana (which was hands down the BEST I've ever had), I would have ordered the dumplings.  The dumplings were a mix of light mozzerella cheese and proscuitto.  It was UNBELIEVABLE!  The Chicken Parmigaina was smashed-down thin, lightly breaded and tasted like something my grandmother would have made.Oh yeah, the appetizers....we shared a brick-oven pizza (it was outstanding).  We also had "fried mozzerella".  Two pieces about the size of a medium sized crab-cake....with a slice of proscuitto in the middle.....Have I used the word incredible yet?!  We also had a plate of proscuitto, salamai, olives and fresh-mozzeralla on tomatoes....Outstanding!Service was outstanding.  Food was incredible.  Host asked us how dinner was on our way out....we told him we were in from Chicago and that the dinner and service was outstanding.  He said "wow, coming from Italians from Chicago that is the highest compliment".I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place for Italian food.  Beautiful restaurant, great bar, great service and the food (which is most important) is top notch.  DON'T MISS IT!!
4	Excellent food (We had Sea Bass, Chicken Gorganzola, Veal Picata) served by an attentive staff in a very pleasant setting--all at a reasonable price.We'll be back.
4	Went here Thursday night for a Raven Event. 2nd time to this location. Really impressed. Attentive staff, great food and drinks. The networking event was incredible, but that being put aside I would take my wife back anytime. Decor lovely, reasonable pricing.
2	Waiter never asked us about side dishes, served us pasta with tomato sauce even though we had entree in tomato sauce.  Food so so.Prices totally unreasonable.
5	Went here the other night for a client holiday party.  There was about 10 of us at the table.  The restaurant is nice, clean and comfortable.  Diners were wearing business casual.  Appeared to be a nice place to take a date or go out for a business lunch or dinner.  I was a little taken back by the paper covers on the tablecloths, but again, Italian food is messy.The server was very knowledgeable about the menu, pasta and wine, and made some excellent recommendations.  I was appreciative of her knowledge. I ordered eggplant parmesan.  Other guests ordered scampi, fresh fish, and pork medallions.  Every dish came out beautifully prepared, very large portions, everything was fresh.  Everyone raved about their food.The eggplant parmesan was covered in cheese and fresh, home-made marinara sauce.  It was delicious and I wanted to eat every bite, but it was so huge!.  This dish could easily have fed four people!I was too full to eat another bite by the time dessert came around, but the 10 of us shared a tiramisu.  It was creamy and flavorful, more like a pudding than a cake.  Great place!  We will be back!
4	Today was our first time eating here, so armed with great reviews from other Yelpers, we sampled a bevy of appetizers from the happy hour menu (daily from 4:30-7p) and shared a pasta entree. Of the apps, we had toasted ravioli, a platter of antipasti, and by recommendation from our lovely server, Amber, the stuffed eggplant.  The toasted ravioli was delicious-crispy and battered with a crust of parmigiana, melty cheese on the inside. A dip in the flavorful and slightly spicy marinara sauce finished it off.  The antipasti platter serves about 2 light eaters, but for me and my spouse, it was a nice compliment to the two other shared appetizers. The stuffed eggplant was covered inside and out with gooey, cheesy goodness and marinara sauce.  This was to be the main portion of my meal while my husband had gorged on the appetizers, but after a taste, he started sneaking bites while I wasn't looking!  I added some chili flakes for a little heat, but It was very flavorful.  I'm not a huge melted cheese lover and would've preferred a little less cheese, but it was perfect for my husband.The restaurant wasn't super busy when we arrived at 6pm, but by the time we left around 8pm, the main dining room and the adjoining small rooms were about 85% filled.  The prices were higher than what we normally spend, but we had been given gift cards by my brother and happened to come during happy hour, so it wasn't that bad at all. Our bill came out to about $17 without tip and we didn't order drinks.  You do have to sit in the bar area to receive the happy hour specials, but we didn't mind.  We'll be back!
