5	Did I really just give 5 stars to a fast food joint? Yes I sure did. Like your first love in high school, I fell hard and fast for In n Out over a decade ago and always make it a point to search out and enjoy this yummy goodness. As I'm living in the Midwest now, my opportunities to seek out and enjoy In n Out are few and far between. I won't be saying anything that hasn't already been said before about this place, but say it I must. The simplicity of the menu had me doubtful during my first visit, but I quickly found out that when you do something good, you don't have to offer a ton of different things. Although I have learned that there is quite an extensive menu that they will offer upon request. A simple Goggle search and you will see what I mean. The burgers are good here, but for me the best and most anticipated part of the visit is the fries. I could literally eat these fries all day long and not get sick of them. Yes, this is a chain restaurant, a fast food joint no less, but for me, it just doesn't get any better than this.
2	Everytime I go to this In-N-Out burger, I start becoming religious and just pray that I get back out to my car before I get rat-a-tat-tatted up!The food is mediocre.  The burgers are good but of all places that I've ever ate French Fries at, this place makes the worst.  The only good thing is the menu is small so you can make your decision quickly with one eye on the menu and the other eye watching your 6 (that means behind you...if you didn't know)The first time I dined in the joint, a family was arguing about fries versus no fries to the point of them almost having a food fight without food.  The second time, a lady was flipping out and I thought we were all going to get rolled up on.I think my frustrations with this one is just the location.  On the flip side of this, the employees have always been more than friendly and very professional.  In-N-Out burgers are good, but I'd strongly recommend hitting up a different one.
4	The burger and its ingredients were fresher than I expected
5	I feel the same way about all In-N-Outs..... it's like a little piece of home comfort :)This location gets an extra star because it's easily accessible & on my way home from work, lol. Easy access!
4	You folks out West have no idea what you have. Sure, us Easterners have Five Guys and Five Guys is okay - they have more toppings options like grilled mushrooms and jalapenos. But the meat and the cheese and the fries at In-N-Out are better.So when I was out in Phoenix, I made it a point to stop at an In-N-Out for my dose of double-double. It was just as good as the last time, when I had one at a drive-through in Burbank CA.Yumminess!I'm taking off a star because there isn't an In-N-Out for over 1000 miles. Seriously, guys. Bring it to us! We'll make it worth your while and when you do, I'll bump this up to five stars.
4	This is a wonderful fast food place.  Extremely courteous staff, which is so rare at a fast food restaurant.  The place appeared to be very clean as well.  I am very impressed with the employees.
5	Always friendly and polite.
1	Second time this has happened to me.  waited thirty minutes just to get cold food. They need to start hiring more people at night! I saw my food on the county just chilling there until my cashier came from the other side ten minutes later!!!! SERIOUSLY MY FOOD WAS COLD! Never coming back at night ever. btw this was drive thru
3	Food was great as usual it's what you come to expect from an In N Out. The major problem with this location as mentioned by some other reviewers is the fact that the night shift is a skeleton crew. This causes super long wait times. The location also isn't too great so you really do wanna get in n out!
4	They're all awesome, all the time. Real fries from freshly cut real potatoes!
4	It had been 4 years since I last ate In-N-Out Burger in SF, so my friend and I got super excited to find out that Phoenix has In-N-Out nearby a location I was visiting on business trip as well!I learned from the last time I ate that animal style can make the food felt/taste sickening (the sauce was great..but it was way too much to have it on both burger and fries), so I strategically scaled down the animal style to just my fries :). We each got a cheeseburger with onions, animal-style fries and soda along with chocolate milk shake.It cost just around $10-11 total for each of us but the taste and the effort to drive here solely for our last lunch destination in Phoenix was great! The vegetables in the burger were so fresh!! I love the fresh veggie crunch in each bite! I must admit that I definitely cannot have this type of food everyday or  evenon a weekly basis (given the calories and the unhealthi-ness probably most optimal to indulge in this ritual just quarterly or yearly)..but after such a long time, it felt great to reunite with this food chain again!!
5	Holy balls. In N Out does NOT disappoint! This was my first time at In N Out and it was so good we came here twice on our 4-day trip in Arizona.Double Double Animal style is the way to go. It is the perfect mix of a study yet not too hard bun, tons of crunch lettuce/tomato/pickles, grilled onions are so tasty and the mix of the cheese and spread are SO GOOD.Definitely a must try!!
5	Awesome burger and fresh hot fries all the time!  Other fast food burger joints are a gamble, especially thru the drive thru.
5	dude.  it's in-n-out burger.  it should be a crime not to have one in your neighborhood.  I really do feel sorry for east coasters when it comes to cheap, fresh, awesome burgers.
5	Love this place! I'm someone who usually doesn't like to unwrap my food, but it's only half wrapped so it makes an exception ;-) Double Double Animal Style... Mmm...
4	Today was the first time I ate In-N-Out here in Arizona and I'm proud to say that it was delicious. I've never been a fan of burgers, but In-N-Out was always the exception when I lived in California. It's something about the buns that make it so yummy. Anyways, I ordered a #2: a cheeseburger, fries, and a medium drink. Of course I animal styled them fries. Mm! So mouth watering. Their pink lemonade is really great too. If you're ever here, definitely give it a try.The prices are so affordable. I never really checked out the prices when I used to live in California because I was never the one to buy the food so I never noticed how cheap everything is. I mean, it's seriously affordable. The meal is about $5.30 (+ tax) which is a normal meal price I guess, but the quality of the food is just perfect that you truly get your money's worth.Another thing I love about this place is the staff. They are so sweet and outgoing. They're awesome! Anyone who is reading this must stop by at this In-N-Out and enjoy a delightful meal with friends or family.
5	Burger heaven!  OK Yelp team... you might as well toss this review in the "not recommended" pile, as this is going to be as biased as it gets.  I used to frequent In-N-Out for 5 years in SoCal... it has been over 5 years since my move to back to the east coast.  Currently, on business travel in Phoenix and first chance I get I hire a CAB to come here... Desperate?  Dedicated?  you decide.. either way.. In-N-Out does not disappoint.  I order my usual off menu order of Neopolitan shake, animal style cheese burger and regular cheese burger with onion.  Oh not to forget the animal style fries...  My dear cabbie waited outside as I feasted...  All he could say was that "he understood"..  Just like old times, the delicious flavors meld together in what has got to be one of the finest cheese burger experiences ever.
5	The best fast food burger joint in the country as far as I'm concerned.  I can't wait until they make their way to Houston...it shouldn't be too long now!
5	Best Hamburgers on the west coast.  Usually a long line, but its well worth the wait.  This family owed restaurant is opening new locations throughout the southwest.  From Baldwin Park CA, they are now in Nevada, Arizona, and Texas.  If you live west of the Mississippi they might be opening or opened one in your neck of the woods. Hamburgers are made with the freshest ingredients and are made to order.  Beware of the hidden menu it becomes addicting.  I like the fries extra crispy.  The Milk shakes bring a happy ending to a wonderful meal.  If you are heading through the drive thru and they have a double order lane, pay extra attention who is ahead of you.  Usually the business guy is ordering for more than one.  The same with the pick up truck guy, he might be getting the entire work crew an order.  This is not the lane you want to pick.  Instead opt for the guy in the sedan all bye himself usually single or with a friend type cars are the best option because they know what they want and will get through a lot quicker.  Good luck and the best part is you can write a review while you wait for your meal like I am right now! Cheers!
4	I really enjoyed my experience at the Camelback location....it was dinner & a show. A variety of customers visit this location and they keep it very entertaining
5	Honestly, I'm not a fan of fast food. But, I will always be a fan of In-N-Out. I love trying different things off of their secret menu! But, I'm definitely a sucker for animal style burgers and fries. I tend to always get my burger as protein style. Also, I have to have a vanilla shake every time I come to In-N-Out. Coming from a state without In-N-Out, this place is a definite treat!
5	I could never give inn n out less then 5 stars but this one is the slowest one iv ever been to I don car though still worth the wait
4	Hands down the best fast food burger you can buy. Unfortunately they don't have these in the east coast, at least not in the DMV area.Fries are nothing to write home about.Of you have never tried their Burgers, and you live burgers, this is a must
4	In-N-Out Burger is a fun place to grab a bite to eat. The menu is fun with simple options that pack a good portion of flavor for a lunch or snack. Service is a tad slow considering they have hamburgers and hot dogs but the staf behind the counter were professional and nice.
