4	The Body Shop has some great products, I particularly like the products made with peppermint (great for sore, tired feet/legs) and hemp (great for dry skin) as well as the body butters. They also have surprisingly good makeup, the eyeshadows are highly pigmented and long lasting. I cannot recall the last time I purchased an item from The Body Shop for full price. Not only am I on their emailing list for coupons but they have in-store promotions often. This past weekend was no exception, I got to spin a wheel for a deal, ended up scoring a 50% off coupon which was even better then the emailed coupon I had planned on using. The best part about this particular shop? The restroom!! Yes, that's right, they have a restroom and if you ask nice they will let you use it. It also doubles as storage so don't expect anything fancy, just be thankful you don't go have to find another restroom to use!
5	I've always loved The Body Shop products.  They are mostly "natural", they use high quality ingredients, and they seem to avoid ingredients found to be health hazardous.  Their lip balms are petroleum free (who wants to rub that crap on your lips?), and they use organic ingredients in many of their products.  It's a bit pricey (nothing compared to the dept. store brands, though), but the quality is worth it.I'm partial to their sweet lemon line - mmm... The tea tree line is great for those of us not blessed with porcelain skin, and all the body butters are pretty dern awesome.  They offer all kinds of lotions, salves, lip balms, anything body-cleansing related (hair and skin), massage oils, and makeup.  Their wooden brush are fantastic for long, thick hair like mine.My favorite thing about The Body Shop, and the reason that I've been shopping there for years, is that they really focus on supporting underprivileged workers around the world by becoming business partners with groups in areas that provide key useful ingredients and encouraging entrepreneurship by helping local groups - often women organized - to develop their industry and manufacture ingredients that The Body Shop then uses in their products.  I'm all for that!  At this location (like most), I've never found the service to be anything other than kind and friendly.  If you're price conscious, shop their post-holiday sales for great prices on great products.
5	Bought a groupon for here.Always been a fan,since my very first "The Body Shop" party. A friend of mine had a rep come in and had us all try samples of their product. I've only ever used it since then. That was around 6 years ago!This store,like all of them, are clean, neat, well-organized, and of course, smell fabulous. My husband can't walk in though-he will have a coughing fit,so I go without him :)People are friendly and knowledgable,especially when recommending product to you for your skin type and desired effects.  Love!
4	I love The Body Shop. I just felt like I was being followed around in here. Every time I touched something, a sales associate popped up behind me asking if I needed help. Aside from being followed around, though, the products are great and the store is extremely neat and clean.
4	Cassandra the manager is amazing. She is always expecting me to check out my feedback on the amazing samples she sends me home with. I love the tea tree oil mask and pore minimizing moisturizer. Just recently found a new body spritz that reminds me of the morning dew. I love the grapefruit scent. Keep a lookout for groupings. 15 for $30 worth of goodies. :)
