1	Unfortunately, my experience was much similar to Mark's. The staff was indeed friendly, but entirely unequipped to provide proper attention to a patient's individual needs. My therapist, Melissa, was nice, but after the initial assessment she failed to explain in any detail the source of my pain, where it might have come from or illustrate a course of action. Instead, I was handed a sheet of exercises that looked like I could have printed it off of Google.Melissa often had more than one patient scheduled during our appointments. I would arrive, and she would have me work on a machine while she saw to someone else. On multiple occasions I would spend entire minutes sitting, motionless, waiting for Melissa to come back and instruct me. This is "treatment" - time that I was billed for! This did not seem to be the case with Melissa alone, either. At almost all times there were at least six patients for a total of two or three therapists. One morning a woman even brought her labrador into the treatment room and it proceeded to bound around, off-leash, for her entire session. I'm a dog lover as much as the next person, but it's bad enough I have to share precious time with other members of the same species, much less a dog!Ultimately, I received no relief, no specialized attention and no care. I stopped treatment after three visits and would not recommend this clinic. In addition, as Mark said, be sure to read the "Welcome" form - it will inform you what your insurance deductible is and how much has been met. Under my plan, previous chiropractic and physical therapy treatments had not been subject to a deductible, but my benefits had recently changed. I was shocked to get a bill in the mail for $570! That is an outrageous amount to pay for such poor care: patients need to be informed of what mediocre medical treatment will cost them. I will add that, after expressing my dissatisfaction to the Patient Services manager, she was quick to respond and offer a resolution that I thought was fair. As stated before, the entire staff is courteous and patient, but I would caution that it may be worth your time to seek treatment elsewhere.
