5	This is the best Chinese food I have had in North Carolina.  I used to work about a mile from them and literally have eaten here 35+ times.  My job has moved back to uptown and i still don't mind driving 20 minutes one way to eat at this place.  This place is so good, I filled out this information and added their business onto yelp!The inside is very nice and high end looking for a family run Chinese restaurant. I have no problem bringing a nice dinner date here.  Its also very clean and doesn't have that oily smell many do.  Be sure to check out their Sunday lunch buffet to gorge self for $7 or try their hot pepper chicken, eggplant with chicken(its a special from time to time - its not on the menu but they'll make it for you), or just about anything.  I'm moving to san francisco in a couple months where there are over 750 chinese restaurants according to google and i'm worried I won't find one as good as this place!  Make the trip to north charlotte. I promise you won't be disappointed.
2	Very typical Chinese food. Although the decore and tableside presentation were nice I felt the food was nothing to write home about. I have eaten here several times hoping to find a dish that was really good, but to no avail. It's not bad by any means, just nothing memorable or craveable.
4	I love this little restaurant for its convenience, friendly service and great decor.  It is a step above the typical mediocre Chinese food available in Charlotte, and their sushi is fresh and delicious.  It is a very clean and pleasant place to eat.  Prices start at about $7.50 per entree.  In nice weather, there is an outdoor patio area.
4	My favorite Asian food place!!  We have spent the last 2 Christmas days here and we get take out at least a few times a month and I am always pleased with the food, service, and presentation.  There's something to be said for a good menu, relaxing atmosphere, and clean preparation.
2	I have gone to the same Chinese place since I was a small child so I was looking for something a little different just to try. My boyfriend and I had a coupon so we decided to give Golden Taipei a try. The decor in the restaurant definitely turned me off as well as the lack of traffic in and out. There were only two or three other groups of people eating at lunch time on a Saturday if that tells you anything. We ordered our food, I got sesame chicken. I could have gotten the same stuff at any food court in any mall. Overall, I was not impressed. I didn't feel like it was anything special.
3	Sadly, I've stared at this place going on 2.5 years now...I shop at Lowes Foods and every time I'd go grocery shopping, I'd wonder about this place.  Finally, I got up the nerve to try it; and I say that, b/c I've had nothing but horrible Chinese food experiences since I moved to NC.  I know, I have a biased tongue when it comes to Asian cuisine (I'm a CA native and grew up with my pick of Asian foods), but some stuff should be basic across the board (like steamed rice...)Anyway, the hubby and I went in and gave it a go, and much to my surprise, it was good!  We ordered sushi (I know, right? at a Chinese restaurant) and it was very fresh tasting.  Both our entrees were tasty and I really appreciated the waitress being able to explain what was in each dish and how we could customize it to our tastes.  I had other litmus tests this place had to pass and they did: 1. Asian chefs prepared our food.  I know, that sounds crude, but I've eaten at places were everybody but Asians prepared the food.  Not that no one can cook Chinese food, but it has a certain flair about it when actual chefs, native to the cuisine, prepare the food (hence why I avoid Panda Express like the plague).2. They were busy. Not wait-an-hour-to-be-seated busy, but there was a steady stream of customers dining inside as well as people picking up take-out orders.  I've found when it comes to Chinese food, if it looks deserted, it's probably not going to be good...or it'll have you on the toilet...3. It was affordable.  After all the food we consumed, the bill was reasonable.  The portion sizes were just right for what we paid and our drinks were filled just about every time we batted an eyelash!I'm so happy I went out on good faith and tried this place!  Golden Taipei could easily become my new favorite Chinese restaurant...stay tuned!
4	I had a taste for some sushi and the hubbs and I decided to give this place another whirl!  This time; however, we went the take-out route and I was not disappointed!! Our food was steaming hot, fresh, and tasty!  The sushi was, once again, right on point and we got extra fortune cookies!! Win!I can honestly say this is my new favorite Chinese food restaurant! It's super convenient, the staff is very friendly, and it's economical (especially when hubby decides he wants shrimp AND beef in his fried rice).Check it out if you're passing by (better yet, invite me along)!
4	Delicious. Friendly staff an generous portions.
4	Food is very good, not outstanding.GoodCheapChinese
4	I can appreciate the cheap Sunday buffet.  Wait staff was awesome and kept telling me "not to rush, take my time" when I thanked them for filling my water... I didn't have the heart to tell them that I wasn't rushing at all.
4	I come here for lunch frequently (several times a month) and have found there's a lot to like about Golden Taipei. First of all, the food is consistently good. It's probably not the best Chinese you'll ever eat, but its high quality and well prepared. The preparation is typically very fast- like under 5 minutes from order to table. The service at lunch is also great- my glass is never less than half full and the servers are friendly.My favorites here are the Sa-Cha scallops and the Bento boxes. If you order a chicken dish, you can also ask for all white meat for an additional 50 cents. Overall the prices are very reasonable.  And there's usually a lunch special with soup/salad and entree for like $5 or so.You won't be blown away by this place but you'll have a good meal here. All in all I believe its good food at a good value.
4	I visit this restaurant frequently, as it is the closest Asian restaurant to my residence. Aside from the convenient location, I enjoy this place because of its good food. Their Chinese dishes are tasty and their sushi is fresh. This is not the place to go for a gourmet meal, but it is a step above your average Asian carryout. The restaurant is clean and well kept. Staff are friendly and inviting. This place is consistent in their service and taste. Highly recommended for dining in or carryout.
2	The sushi yet fresh was not prepared right. The rolls where just to big per piece insted of a 6 piece with huge almost unbite size pieces he should just make it 8 sushi is meant to be eaten in 1 bite. The tuna was good i just have had better nothing stood out at all. And the people greeting you are doing anything but that not a place id go out of my way to eat
5	This is absolutely my favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. The food is consistently good (I've tried everything on the menu) and the waitstaff is fabulous. Your glass will never get completely empty, and they are talkative and cheerful. The lunch specials Monday-Saturday are a deal, with generous proportions. The dinner meals are even larger for not that much more. The wait time for the food is very short. I've never had to wait more than 5-7 minutes for my meal to arrive. The sushi is always fresh. I don't get why people bash on the decor; it is tasteful and nice looking for a little restaurant that is beside a grocery store.Give this place a try, you will not be dissatisfied.
4	Had lunch here today. Went with the sushi which is always fresh and tasty. I usually go there at dinner but was in the area at noonish so I stopped in. As usual service and food were great.
3	Not amazing but no better choices in the area. $1 sushi mon-thurs.It is what it is.  I guess they deserve 4 stars compared to everything else in the area.  Tonight I ordered the 3 way love boat, really strange thing to order, but a good amount of sushi for the money.  10 pieces of sushi, 3 "chef's specialty rolls", some sashimi, and 3 soups for under $50.The sushi and sashimi were both pretty good.  Fresh fish, great texture, nothing to complain about.  The chef's specialty rolls however were nothing special at all.  Basically it was 3 different basic rolls all with either fish or avacado on the outside.  One just had Krab in the middle, another was a not so spicy tuna, and I think the third just had cucumber in the middle.I don't feel ripped off, but did expect something a little more special, since that seamed to be the focus of this oddly named love boat.I'll be back, but only for lunch or $1 sushi.
5	I used to LOVE this place. I used to live around the corner and my friend and I liked to frequent this place often. When I was back in town on business, I definitely added it to my list of places to re-visit and it did not disappoint. I was completely exhausted after a busy day and I hadn't eaten all day either. Thankfully they had drink specials and if I recall correctly my Michelob Ulta was only $2 (maybe $3) and it was served in a chilled beer mug. Perfect! It was just what I needed. My food came out quickly... it was tasty and plentiful. I probably shouldn't have cleared my plate but hey, I did, and I enjoyed it. I even topped it off with another beer. I can't remember how much my bill was but it was inexpensive, which is why I used to love coming to this place so much. Oh and it's never packed. There were only about 4 tables seated while I was there and I remember always being able to be seated immediately and takeout was ready in minutes.
4	Stopped in with a Buddy from out of town for a sushi dinner Sunday night.  As usual, sushi was fresh and plentiful.  Their hot and sour soup is pretty amazing too.  We had a variety of rolls and other sushi and we enjoyed it all.  Service etc. was great as usual too.  Only 4 stars because there are a couple of types of fish that I wish they would have available.  (fresh scallops for one)  But I would rate it a 4.5 if I could because this is a minor thing really.  I will keep coming back for sure.
2	Broccoli beef... the sauce was more like a gravy and the service was not very attentive.
3	I frequent this place since it is on my way home. Sushi takes 10 mins! The sushi is solid and the people there are really nice. It's not my favorite sushi in Charlotte, but it is the best in this area.  Try the Summer Roll. Salmon, avocado, eel sauce... Delish
5	Excellent and fresh sushi, great service and free wifi.
3	I'm not sure what it is with me and chinese food.........we have a an on again off again relationship.  I can go years without eating it and then I'll have a taste for it and it will make me very ill.  I am very leery of the meat being served in these places so I tend to stick to the shrimp fried rice or veggie rice.  I suppose it could be me but I doubt I'll be returning.....I suppose the sushi may be good but I'm afraid to try  it.
4	After trying a few Chinese cuisine, I find myself coming to this establishment for my Tso fixin'... Wish they deliver though, that's my only gripe...Food - check...Price - check...Convenience - room for improvement...
4	I love ordering from here. It is definitely one of our favorite Chinese restaurants in the Charlotte area. They have a wide variety of Asian food, and all if it is fresh and tasty. The prices are good and the people there are always friendly. Definitely a staple for Chinese food.
4	Great little place for a date meal on a budget or a quick tasty lunch.I have been here three times now and they continue to impress me each and Every time. I came twice for lunch and got two separate lunch combos and must say they are your typical Chinese chicken dishes, but they do not smoother the chicken in a soup of sauces.KILLER DATE IDEA!!!! Monday and Tuesday half price sushi rolls and none of them are over 3.50. Did this one night and gf and I got out with out meal two soups, four rolls and an egg roll for 15-16 bucks plus tip. Awesome cheap deal for a lazy Monday or Tuesday when work or school had you beat down.Will also allow you to have large parties in the back room as well.
5	I've been coming here since the day it opened, and it's always been fantastic.  The owner, Tony, has several restaurants in China, and he knows what he's doing.  I know a lot of Chinese people that come here to get their authentic fix.Eat here, it won't disappoint.
5	This is probably the best Chinese food we have found in the University area. It's pretty inexpensive, everything is always good, the service is fast and it's in a convenient location. They have half price sushi some days and a pretty cheap Sunday buffet. Their online ordering system is awesome. You can customize your meals and pay in the store when you pick it up. It is ready in no time.
3	Had the buffet on Sunday for $8.  Limited selection,  terrible sushi selection,  but overall decent for the price.
5	I frequent this establishment about once a week. Excellent food and service. Delivery minimum is high though ($20+$3 fuel fee) so you're just better off picking it up.
5	This is a very good Chinese restaurant in a small strip mall on West W.T. Harris. The food here is very good, with almost all of the items fresh made, not frozen or canned.When you sit down you're greeted with a bowl of fried noodles and duck sauce which is very nice to munch on while you wait.The won ton soup is excellent with fresh made won tons, and an excellent broth. The crab rangoon are fresh prepared as well.The sushi here is outstanding. We have never gotten a bad piece, and the presentation is suitably authentic and ornate. They will gladly honor special requests. There is a selection of rolls and pieces available for half price on Mondays and Tuesdays. Service is quick and attentive. The waitstaff is knowledgeable, and makes helpful suggestions. Portions are large. The spicy dishes are relatively tame, but they will adjust the heat according to your liking. Overall, and excellent establishment, and very good for a date night movie combo at the nearby Northlake Mall theater.
5	My wife and I eat here often.  It is a great little date night place to go that is close to home for us. The people recognize us when we come in and greet us with smiles. The food is great as are the quantities given,  we usually end up taking some home.  They also have the 22 oz sapporo cans for a decent price.  Try the steamed dumplings and the curry chicken dish with noodles.  For some it might be a little bit pricey but I think it is worth it.
1	I've been nice in the past and given this place 3 stars, knowing that I might eat there again.  I don't have that problem anymore.  This place is disgusting.  Much better sushi at the Harris Teeter next door, and I'm not even sure if the chicken in the "habachi" was actually chicken.I've been to half priced sushi on Monday's and Tuesday's that were pretty bad, but I just blamed it on old sushi.  For me to come in on a Saturday lunch and get pale (not torro) looking tuna is just not acceptable.  With the sushi lunch, you get 5 pieces of sushi and tuna rolls.  The tuna in both was barely edible.  3 of the 5 pieces of fish were fishy mackerel or yellowtail.  Just stuff they were trying to get rid of.  The one piece of salmon I got wasn't half bad.My date ordered the teriyaki chicken lunch.  This wasn't chicken.  It was weird, pale, and kind of gelatinous.  The teriyaki sauce was mostly high fructose corn syrup.  Even my dog looked at me kind of funny when we tried to feed it to her.  Yes, thats where the food went.Even the little fried pieces of wonton with duck sauce were stale.  These guys need to figure out if they are a Chinese place, a sushi place, or a Japanese place and just do one thing right.  I'm kind of surprised with the rating and that they are even still in business.
4	One of the better Chinese restaurants in the UNC area. Sunday buffet and dailey drink specials. 1/2 price rolls on Mondays.
4	Excellent Chinese food and even better sushi!   We decided to try their 1/2 off Sushi on Mon & Tues, and we have been coming here at least once a week ever since.  The Sushi was surprisingly fresh.  Edamame is great as well. And I get the steamed shrimp with vegetables and brown rice to go...AMAZING!  And lastly you can't go wrong with their shrimp or vegetable egg roll, DELISH!
