4	Stopped by around 1am for some Carne Asada Nachos. It was $6.50 and enough for 2 people. We killed it!!
5	Let me start by Saying Ive always been a fan of Robertos Taco Shop because I avoid Taco Bell at all cost. To me Taco bell isnt mexican food. Well On a friends advice on my visit to vegas with my little one we stop in at Rubalcabas. Ive always drove by it even when i lived in Vegas but never went in. WTF was i thinking. I should of gone in here sooner. Saying this as i kick myself. I had the Carne Asada Burrito Plate and my Benefactor had Chicken Tacos. The prices i think are better priced than Robertos. And The burrito actually had moist meat inside. While Robertos tortillas are kinda crispy. This tortilla was soft and chewy and packed full of goodness. I was having second thoughts about ordering the plate because im not a fan of rice or beans. But I ate them both which is something i never do. Even my daughter ate her rice and beans as my jaw dropped. I had to swipe a taco and holy moly it was moist and delicious, while at other establishments the chicken is dry and needs to be heavily sauced to get it down the throat. I now have a Number 1 besides Robertos. They even have Flan inside a case for your gluttony desire. Thanks for the advice Richard.
5	Still not disappointed. I stopped in the other night and had a Carne Asada Torta,Cheese quesadilla and a slice of Flan. The torta had a nice texture and was messy but delicious. They didnt skimp on cheese with my quesa. The flan was delicious and fresh and had the right amount of carmel taste. And overall the EMPLOYEES are super friendly.
4	Well priced for large portions. The carne asada tacos and burritos are good. The staff is nice although usually they don't speak english. The nachos are good too. :)
3	Good taco shop with flavorful food; everyone enjoyed their lunch.
5	This is one of my most favorite places in Vegas.  The Chicken tacos are incredible.  It looks a little rough, but I'm staring to realize that places that don't look necessarily "sterile" are usually busy cooking up delicious food in the back, so cleaning is 2nd.  It's pretty off the strip and you don't go through the best side of town to get there, but do it anyway.  When's the next time you'll be in Vegas?  might as well venture off the strip a little.
5	Growing up in Hawaii leaves you EXTREMELY limited to mexican food, and so I grew up not liking mexican food. I don't like the beans, am not a fan of the rice and pretty much considered Taco Bell good mexican food. But oh my god, the food here is seriously making me reconsider mexican food. It's a complete hole in the wall place you would never think twice to stop by, but you should make it a point to. The serivce is awesome, the guys there are really nice and they don't skimp on the servings. Love, love, love the food here!
4	Quick and tasty! I had the taquitos and a quesadilla for a quick lunch break. They were friendly and the food was fresh. I'm so glad I Yelped this place!
5	OMG! I love love love love this place. It is wonderful. Typically when you go for a meal you end up in one of 4 scenarios:1. Good Food + Good Price (Rubalcabas)2. Bad Food + Bad Price3. Bad Food + Good Price4. Good Food+ Bad PriceWell I have had an opportunity to visit Rubalcabas Taco Shop on just about ten occasions and have found their food in the first category each time. They offer good sized portions at a value. The food is tasty and often leaves me wondering how they do it. I can never finish the chicken burrito and manage to finish it the follow day. Every time, it is fantastic. The service is good and they also have a decent condiment bar with salsa, veggies and limes. I would recommend anyone try this place once to see if they can at least agree the food is yummy and the price is fantastic.
1	I went to this place last Saturday after reading all the great reviews. However, after eating the Carne Asada burrito, which was mediocre at best and the salsa wasn't even hot. I was greatly disappointed by this place. I don't know if they changed chefs from all the other reviews, but this place isn't worth stopping by.
5	My favorite place to take people. I've never had a bad meal. Most of the time I order 2 meals so I can have one later. Love their red sauce. Put that sh*t on EVERYTHING!!! Mmmmm
5	My Dad gave me a Chili Relleno from here the other day! Wow! This is by far the best Chili Renello I've ever had. It was filled with a huge hunk of jack cheese that oozed out when I cut into the pepper. It was also covered in cheese, an excellent red sauce and pico! It was a huge portion too! I was in heaven.I don't live on this side of town, but I'll be back soon to try some other items like the fish tacos.
4	Hole in the wall Mexican joint. Consistent quality. Friendly staff. I used to go to the taco place on the corner but now I only go to this joint when I need a quick bite to eat for lunch. My only complaint is that the carrots at the salsa bar seemed mushy...must be canned.Also, they have surprisingly good chicken wings as well.
5	I've been eating here since I moved to this side of town and I love the food here. It has been consistent and I have never gotten bad service over the years. The staff is always professional and nice, I never have to wait long for an order which is good when everything is freshly cooked. I'm skeptical of Roberto's because if I order Carne Asada fries they are prepared by the time I get to the window. So, was the meat sitting around or were the fries? I prefer their food to Roberto's any day.
3	Ordered up al pastor fries and the chile relleno plate. The al pastor fries were good! I would give it a 4/5. The chile relleno, however, was not to my liking. the chile was too firm in my opinion. I am a fan of soft chile relleno. This chile was so firm that I had quite the difficulty cutting it with the plastic fork and knife. I will definitely try this place again I think, maybe explore the menu a bit more.
5	Sometimes, you just need a good Taqueria, and this place really hit the spot!!! The nachos and coctel camaron were especially tasty!
3	Good hole in the wall taco joint. Handy for a quick stop on the way home from work.  Super friendly employees.
5	Family owned.  Inexpensive. I call my order in and its ready in ten minutes.      Internet jukebox..  nice employees.   Ten times better than competition
5	I give this place 5 stars omg this is SALP yo mama stupid goodness. See my pictures. Lol omg two thumbs up all the way.
4	Awesome. Great food. Lil commercial but I'm still satisfied. Me and my sister got the California burritos. Just a slight bit different then the ones back home were used to. Other than that. A plus
