4	Very welcome addition to southside, glad to have a quality bbq joint in this area of the city. Not much decore change since it was the 17th st cafe. Friendly and attentive staff.My wife and I started by splitting the a small order of wings. Very flavorful and smokey. The tables have a house bbq sauce , house hot bbq sauce and a rub for you to add. Love the house bbq sauce , bit of tang. House rub was good for the wings. Hot sauce isn't bad, perhaps better when mixed with house regular bbq. The hot sauce tasted like it had a bit too much of an asian spice in it.My wife got half rack of ribs, beans and mac n cheese. Would recommend them all. Beans had a good sauce and mac was creamy. I had the brisket and pulled pork sandwich which I would recommend to anyone. Very good flavor to the meat. I also had the corn bread, which wasn't bad. I think the cornbread would be better served warm with butter. Wish we had room for the peach cobbler.Would definitely go back. Good food and not overpriced. I wish they had more beers on draft but its good to see quality local beers from Full Pint on tap.
4	I stopped in today for lunch. The staff were nice, service was fast. The food would be what I'd consider a restaurant style bbq. The ribs tasted like they were smoked and dry rubbed, pretty good even though im more a fan of a more vinegary and fatty rib. The cornbread was ok. The hot sauce was a little over powering, not from heat..it just didn't leave any room for the flavor of the meat. Overall good experience but the place was empty...so if you want a bbq place in the South Side..you should probably stop in so they keep their lunch hours.
5	The search for great BBQ is Pittsburgh is over. And you can even sit down and eat it inside. The new restaurant location is great.
5	So I pass this place all the time on my way to work, it's only a little black awning to a little doorway and I was so intrigued  because I've heard about the truck before and it's BBQ so close to my place so I had to know. The first time I went I got a pulled chicken Sammie, cornbread and grilled sweet potatoes. The sandwich was pretty good I thought it'd have more BBQness about it, but it was still good. The grilled sweet potatoes were pretty amazing , charred but with a drizzle of sweetness maybe honey. They were just great! But the star of the dish was the cornbread. I am a cornbread Connoisseur. I just love it. (If you know of good cornbread spots please pass that info my way :)) anyway their cornbread is unlike anything I have ever had. I cannot even describe it. Just please do your mouth a favor and get it! The people were all so friendly, nice atmosphere and music. I also just went back recently got the same sides but got the redneck club Sammie which is the brisket, pork and slaw. I don't ever think I'll get a different sandwich when I'm there it was the beez knees. I'm tellin ya! All in all so happy this place is over here. If your thinking about it just go! I've been told the Mac and cheese is crazy good too but I have yet to try it. But they told me they have take out, soo I'll probably let you know about that sooner than later!
5	My father in Law and I stopped in for take out. ordered a little bit of everything. I'm a huge BBQ fan! Like I did a tour of the south just for Bbq . SS BBQ is awesome. sandwiches were perfect size awesome flavor. full rack of ribs $20. would pay $30 for them. sauce is killer. $2 for 8oz of sauce to bring home. the place is perfect. clean, homey, great service.  will be back for sure. huge hit with whole family. they do brunch on weekends as well, can't wait for meat and waffles
1	This is a review of the restaurant, not the food truck (the two seem to be sharing a Yelp page for now).I've had the ability to try many different menu items here, so I feel confident giving a rating I try not to use too often.  I was on the fence between 1 and 2 stars, but because this restaurant is supposed to be a BBQ joint, I let my median experience with their classic BBQ dishes play the tiebreaker.The location and service are fine, but the food is problematic.  In descending order of how much I enjoyed each dish I tried, here's the rundown of my experiences:1) The salmon.  This was really, really good.  Cooked perfectly, with lots of flavor, and the piece of salmon itself was sizable and of high quality.  The salmon would have been worth an extra star on this review, but for the fact that this is a BBQ place, and if you're a BBQ place whose salmon outshines the pork, beef, and chicken, there's something seriously wrong.2) The pulled pork.  This was the second best dish I tried, and it was only average at best.  Not bad, but nothing special.  Flavor was decent.  It was a little dry (the two tabletop sauce options fixed that nicely).3) The pulled chicken.  Also unremarkable, and a little bland.  But perfectly serviceable with the addition of sauces.  I didn't hate it, but I've had several microwaveable chicken products I'd prefer to this restaurant entree, which isn't exactly an endorsement.  Worth noting: as a result of my "descending order" review format, I'd prefer microwaved chicken fingers to not only this item, but every item that follows.4) The nachos.  I feel like they kind of phoned it in on the nachos, and while they were reasonably tasty, I didn't really get my money's worth (I tried two different kinds of nachos, and they weren't substantively different).  Ingredients were haphazardly piled on and not well distributed.5) The ribs.  This is where we're really getting into disappointing territory.  If an ideal rib is supposed to offer meat that falls off the bone, this was the exact opposite of that.  I had to exert noticeable effort to tear off each bite, and while such an activity was fun and primal, it didn't offset the tough, bland, and oversalted meat.6) The brisket.  Overcooked.  Dry.  Tough and chewy.  Bland.  What a waste of perfectly good meat.  Companions of mine who ordered this barely touched theirs and were hungry after leaving the restaurant.7) The grilled sweet potato salad.  The word "grilled" barely applied.  The salad had thick slices of raw, room temperature sweet potato that had grill marks on one side only, which was the only evidence of any kind of cooking.  I might as well have just bought a sweet potato at the grocery store and eaten it like I would an apple.Maybe the cart is better.  Maybe I've never been on a day where the good chef is in the kitchen.  Other people seem to like this place.  But with consistently great options like YinzBurgh and Z-Best in town, they really need to up their game.
1	I went for dinner the other week with some friends. While I want to give this place 3 stars for service (it was mostly great), my food was just so awful I can't. As a vegetarian I don't expect too much from a BBQ place (although Union Pig and Chicken knows how to do it right), so I ate a late lunch beforehand in preparation and I didn't go in all that hungry. Even then, I was so sorely disappointed. I'd read the menu ahead of time and knew I only had one option: A salad with grilled sweet potato. I love sweet potatoes, so I was looking forward to it! I also knew I could get a side of pepper-jack mac n' cheese or corn bread (they also offer baked beans, but those are often made with ham or other meat products so I don't trust them to be vegetarian). The pros: my salad had very fresh greens. A fresh spring mix. Fresh tomatoes, a couple olives, fresh red onions. Choice of dressing. The cons: The sweet potatoes weren't cooked at all. They were slightly grilled on one side but I literally bent my fork trying to cut through the first one. It was a raw sweet potato. I picked them all off and a couple of my dinnermates decided to give them a try, decrying the same thing "these are completely raw!" but my server never once asked about them. It was terrible and paying $11 for some spring mix and dressing is not something I am willing to ever do again! My dinnermate's brisket was so bad she wouldn't eat it, so she and I shared my salad and mac n' cheese. The mac was ok, but really bland and needed salt. I've never needed to salt a mac n' cheese before and well, we couldn't because there was no salt on the table. We both decided to just eat what we could and we'd get something to eat on the way home. She ended up getting a burger from Wendy's and I made some pasta when I got home. Eat here and you'll have to eat somewhere else afterwards, basically. It was that bad. No one at our table had good food and we were the only people in the restaurant. It was not an issue of them being busy, it was an issue with the food, period. I can't say anything to the meat, apparently all of it was not great. Sorry, it just really boggles my mind that people can't figure out how to make a single, simple vegetarian dish. Serving raw potatoes is not acceptable to either omnivores nor herbivores. You have to cook them first. But sweet potatoes aside, apparently the rest of food was not great either. I'll politely decline any future invites to this restaurant. Or make an excuse as to why I have to meet them out afterwards.
