3	Part of the Boyd line of hotels. The Fremont is good for gambling and not worrying about idiot tourists who split 10s. Or 6s... against a face card. But I digress... I haven't done so well here in a while, but that just means that I'm using all the bad luck and you'll have more good luck when you go!
3	The Fremont has a great seafood buffet for under $20 a person. The seating area is gaudy as hell with emerald green everything accented with gold - it's SO Vegas. Service was great - it was super busy but we were never out of something to drink and the plates were cleared before you came back with your next round. The seafood buffet has snow crab, king crab, oysters, shrimp (scampi, cocktail, deep fried, and cooked with shell on), mussels, clams, smoked salmon, and sushi. To be honest, the sushi isn't that great but are you really going to a buffet for the sushi? There's also really great prime rib but get there when they first  bring out the meat because the medium rare part is the best. So it's not the BEST buffet in town but it's cheap and good so I would say it gets the job done.Validation gets you free valet parking for the first 3 hours.
4	Fremont hotel is one of excellent value. Their rooms are excellent for their price. The bed is of very high quality. Their slot machine returns more than most other casino.  Their foods are great for their price. Valet parking is extremely efficient, never took more than 2 minutes wait for my car.
3	This place is awesomely cheesy Vegas: gaudy green decor, faux bamboo, brassy details, swirly carpet.  However, it's hard for me to hate on this place, because my family and I just met up there over the weekend and we had a BLAST.  The good: my dad won a bunch of money (on slots! I know!) and it's away from the touristy stuff.The meh: the room is whatever.  It isn't Motel 6, but it isn't exactly a standard hotel room either.  I found the room and the bathroom to be pretty small.  The bad: The staff at the counter is pretty rude.  One woman is very lucky I did not bite her head off.  My dad was totally blissed out from winning, so I didn't want to ruin the mood.  I'm not sure if it's like this in all of Vegas, but the coupon books are one coupon-one person-one meal.  I would stay here again, but only because my dad seems to really like it there.  I can't say that I blame him!
3	I had only gone to Downtown Las Vegas once before which was a gaudy experience, so I am happy this time around it was different. New Years Day, 2am, finding my way to the jail to wait outside until 4am hoping my boys would get released. It was freezing, people everywhere, and just waiting. Happy friggin New Years.This time around it was nice and warm, I went for my friend's wedding, and we stayed at the Fremont.Have you been wanting to go to the Phillipines? Do you enjoy cheesy-ness?Have you been craving some Dunkin Donuts?Well you have found the right place! Come on down to Fremont. It was really cute. Walking around the casino, seeing all the Filipino lolas gambling and complaining in Tagalog to their hubbys. Reminded me of my BFF's family parties.I don't ever recall going to DD's so that was cool to try it. We finally get to the hotel at like 1 or 2am, we pull up and it's valet only. It was a good thing and a bad thing. Good because we didn't have to drive round and round, park, and lug our luggage 5 miles like on the Strip. Bad because it piled up and sometimes we'd have to wait long but oh wellz.We walk in and the lady at the Counter is as SWEET AS CAN BE. Very nice, helpful, and just plain sweet.The room was okay. Not too bad, not too great, just meh. Right when I walk in my mama goes "there's a red dot on the ground and I don't know what it is!" LOL... Ummm okay? We just avoided it. Whatever. It looked like Cool Aid. The sink was tiny. Dude. What the F. Like seriously. We just got ready and slept so it wasn't a big deal at all. I've stayed everywhere. Doesn't matter to me.One thing I liked is that it's a short walk downstairs, to the room, to the car, to the Fremont Street Experience, and just to about everywhere. One gripe is that it's so far from the Strip but it was nice to get to check out Old School LV ya know?
2	Okay, I wanted to check out this casino because they filmed "Swingers" in it, which is one of my favorite movies. So we were down at Fremont St, I tried to play three card poker, never played it before. First of all the dealer didn't speak a freaking lick of English and was quite rude to me to be honest with you. Sorry I can't understand the game, I never played it. It was dead in the place, you think dude would have been a little nicer. Jeez! So later on that night, I played in our hotel (South Point) and the dealer was really cool telling me how to play. Take that Fremont St!
3	Wow did we luck out here!    (2) FREE corner suites.   Since my Dad wanted to go to the Freemont Street Experience (which actually is awesome) our whole family flew in from different states, met at the airport and drove a rental over to here.  Parking was free and very easy to use, nice and close in their own garage.   And since it was near his birthday we were treating him by acting a little more lavish.  Since none of us gamble we never spend much in Vegas anyway so we decided to splurge here and I had reserved two entire corner suites near the top.  When arriving at the check in counter, there was a huge and I do mean HUGE line of people ranging from bewildered and mildly confused, to pretty pissed off.    Apparently the credit card machines went down, and they were manually writing down card numbers on paper (that sounds real safe huh, to leave your card number on a piece of paper in a Las Vegas Casino Hotel?").   Well, whatever.  After standing in line nearly an hour I was just glad to get our keys.   The rooms were in fact HUGE with a great view out three sides of the building (both suites combined).    We had a great time the whole weekend, really enjoyed the Freemont Street Experience.  This is the perfect place to stay as when you walk out on the street, you're there at the center.   In checking my credit card bill over the next few months I never saw the charge for our rooms.   And in fairness (maybe I am too honest for my own good), I did call there and asked for a copy of my receipt, letting them know that they never charged me.   And after waiting on hold for about 20 minutes a lady came back and told me that she had no record of us having ever stayed there.  So there's how I got $700 in free suites in Las Vegas.   Who says you have to gamble to get lucky?    :)
4	Fun casino to go hang out and regroup in.  They had $2 beers which is good if you're taking a break from the games (or have just lost all your gambling cash) and you want to tie one on.  They had a lot of craps tables too, saw one with $3 minimum that was pretty packed and another $5 that was dead on a Friday night.  Overall a pretty cool place!Can't comment on the hotel, didn't stay there.
5	loved itfrom the time i walked in and saw the DUNKIIN DONUTS! omg coffee, donuts and roulette! oh yah and about 12 margaritas...i won won won won!the roulette dealers were great. they figured out our names and joked with us..cheered on our numbers..it was a blast.will most def go back. they quadrupled the money i put down.
1	The house always wins. So, my husband and I were drawn in by the 99 cent margaritas. We ordered 2... handed over a $10 bill... and were give $3 in change. I immediately informed the bartender of the error. He checked the cash register and said that it wasn't possible because if we gave him a $10 and he gave change for a $5, OBVIOUSLY the $10 bill would be in the $5 slot. Right.He then offered to call surveilance. We said, "Please do." After waiting for about 15 minutes, the bartender returned, held up his hands with a fake apologetic look and said, "Sorry! Surveilance said they saw a 5." So... if you choose to go to Fremont Hotel and Casino, make sure you have the right change or the 99 cent margarita's end up costing $4.
3	We are "El Cortez" fans., my wife and I.  That being said, we have experiences at other Vegas hotel casino's because you simply can't stay in the El Cortez.   For example: The Palms, The Westin, the Golden Nugget, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, Mirage.  There are two broad categories of places: Places to stay and Places to gamble.  The two are somewhat exclusive: A nice place to stay means the gambling is a rip, and a nice place to gamble is probably hobo infested and disgusting.  That being said, Fremont Hotel and Casino is what I would call "a place to gamble."They have a heavy emphasis on penny slots- so take from that what you will.  The table game limits were low and the tables were filled with interesting people.  Not a man with two hooks for hands playing roulette (El Cortez, this weekend) but tourists from interesting, out of the way places.
4	Casino only............Good place to gamble if its either for slots, Roulette, or Craps (I'm still learning). You don't lose your money here in a blink of an eye. Minimum bet is a lot smaller than the casinos on the strip. It does get crowded for that reason. Good thing that all the other hotel/casinos are nearby so you can casino hop.
4	Had a Wonderful time this weekend staying here Friday and Saturday night! Man.. all I can say is we partied!! Stayed here with a couple of friends in a room with double beds. We've stayed here before since the rooms have been renovated, very nice and classy. Look on there website to get a 360 view, pretty nice for such a cheap place in downtown. The bathroom is small, but seriously who stays in the hotel that long to bitch about the bathroom size. If you don't have roaming internet, you won't find it free here, my friend checked into it, it's like $50 a day.. C-R-A-Z-Y, but I did notice a starbucks down the main freemont street not to far away if you must stay plugged in..I would recommend to get there B-connect card and hand it to them when you gamble. I really didn't gamble too much last February when I stayed there maybe a total of 2 hours or something, and only lost like $30 dollars, but did get two nights free.. pretty sweet deal! I like that this casino has free valet for guest, and you don't have to do any driving down to the main strip. You can just party right down in the old Vegas, everything is in walking distance.. The table's are cheap to gamble and the staff are super friendly. I'd stay here again!!
3	The rooms were remodeled and have nicely-shaded tones of taupe and hunter green on the wallpaper. No nasty motel-style bedcovers, either. The room we had was small (or should I steer toward the positive side and say "cozy?") but we were only there for one night so it was not a big deal. The walls are a bit thin but it was inexpensive and in a good, centralized location with low-minimum gambling. The hotel room was nicer than I thought it was going to be, so it was a pleasant surprise. The one downside was that my room was on one of the lower levels and faced Binions. For much of the night I heard cabs blaring their horns and police sirens and could see flashing lights from both the Fremont Street lights and from ambulances.
1	My friends chose this place and so I had to stay there and it was all older people.  I'm talking nobody below 50 (except us).  And even 50 was young there when I went.  Maybe, just maybe there was something senior citizen going on that weekend to make it like that...  (benefit of the doubt).   The place was smoky (I know most places in Vegas are but there are some hotels with better ventilation) and the service was horrible.  We walked downstairs to ask for a key and the lady put us through the ringer about the whole thing.   The only good thing about this place is the rooms themselves are decorated pretty modern.  Oh wait, one more good thing!!! The donut shop downstairs!
3	I am judging this hotel & casino only by downtown Las Vegas standards, so don't expect this to be a three-star stay or a three-star time if you're used to the luxuries of the Venetian or Bellagio.Fremont is a very interesting casino in the sense that the rooms tend to be nicer than what you would expect (although not really nice in my opinion) and the casino is not as cheap as you think on most days. They lower their table minimums after 12 am and sometimes mid-afternoon. The area is cool at night I suppose since there's such a huge screen, but otherwise this place is extremely smoke filled, 80's and very, very old. I think the only draw is that they *used* to have a steak & lobster dinner for $8.99 after 12:00 am on week nights. I never partook on the lobster bit but the steak was alright. It's just you can really tell how outdated it is and without any outrageously low tables or deals I don't really see much reason to come visit unless you want some memoirs of 20 years past.
4	I love this casino and visit it every time I am in Las Vegas for two reasons:One - my favorite video slot machine - "Kaboom".Two - Tony Roma's prime rib special ($9.99).I do enjoy the overall Fremont Street experience and love to stay at the Golden Nugget across the street. If you like the FSE too, try the Fremont Casino -- if you hit while playing "Kaboom!" you owe me!
3	Another good time gambling.  Love the inexpensive drinks and low table limits, similar to the other casinos on Fremont Street.  I have not stayed in the hotel, and I don't plan on it.  This review is for the CASINO ONLY.During our most recent trip, the lights went out while we were having fun.  Just before I started to get scared about mass panic with everyone rushing for the doors and someone getting shot over stealing chips, the lights came back on.  Total time elapsed was about 10 seconds, which wasn't so bad.  I don't really think that was the hotel's fault, it was crazy-windy that night and I'm sure that could have had something to do with it.The bad part was the two hours that it took for the slot machines to come back on.  After waiting the two hours and several "sorry for the inconvenience" announcements the manager was doing what he could do to make it up those folks that still had money in a machine that had yet to come back up.  I respect an establishment with good customer service practices.
1	I'm really sorry to do this to all the peeps from hawaii that love downtown hotels but I have to write about the buffet at Fremont.Just got back from Vegas and my wife and her cousin had a really bad experience.The whole trip they were excited to get crab legs at Fremont on friday night. They couldn't wait so when friday came, you could see the excitement on their faces.My wife used my coupon from vacations hawaii and her cousin just paid full price. $15.99. Super cheap..They started to get down to business and piling on the crab legs and clams. Well half way through the dinner, the cousin bites into a clam and finds a STAPLE in the clam. Yes, a staple. They both were like "What the hell is this?'.They call over to the manager that was standing there and told her about the situation. The manager had the nerve to ask the cousin if she put it there. They both were shocked at what she had said. They said 'no' but the manager didn't believe them. Come on lady, are you mental?My wife and her cousin wanted just an apology and everything would of been okay but manager wench wasn't giving in. Okay, talk to the chef.The chef comes out and was really sorry and kept on apologizing but I'm don't think he was using his noodle when he said" Oh yeah, this kind of thing happens all the time. At least once every other month" STUPID, you just admitted to having this problem and you're not trying to fix it. My wife and her cousin was laughing because they couldn't believe what these peolple were saying and doing. Nutcase manager and Stupid chef.The manager is so pissed at my wife that she finally gives them a refund but not the $15.99 but the coupon. THANKS!!!!!!!!!! I guess she wants us to come back the next night. My wife left the place in shock and left a nice tip for the Fremont Buffet.THE COUPON....
3	The only complaint I have is that the flat screen tv on their website is not in the room. The desk said they havn't got around to it yet! False advertising! The people were nice at the desk, I knew the rooms were small but nicely decorated. The bathrooms are super small but I've stayed here before. The room was free and the buffet was really good, and also free. I will stay here again.
3	I will never forget this place due to that one night where me and my friends were doing one of my favorite activities by just walking around Fremont. We decided to grab a $10 chinese food deal at the Lanai Express and once we finished we complained about how bland the food was. There's purple all over the place. I was waiting for a Prince song to start playing on the speakers. (I happen to love the music of his purple majesty.)Other than that story, the color scheme, and the super-boring buffet there's really not much to say about the place. It's old, judging from the clientele, decor and the words of my aunt which claim that it's pretty much exactly the same now as it was when she first came down here it's kind of stuck in the 70's, which makes it kind of cool actually in my opinion. If you're looking for a cheap, low-frills place to hang out which reminds you of days gone by, the Fremont definitely fits the bill.
1	This hotel is a run down, smelly, seedy place! It needs some definite upgrading! Prices are super cheap so, guess you get what you pay for. It is right on Freemont Street so, you do get the downtown experience. I would just recommend everyone choose a different downtown hotel to stay in. The rooms are very small and they have toilets like you would find in a public bathroom...YUCK!!! The A/C also sucks so, if it's 110 outside, your room will not be much cooler. Casino is fun though and the buffet is GREAT! Eat there, but don't stay there!
3	I recently had the choice of sitting home in an empty apartment (my stuff was being shipped from Miami) or hitting up the FREMONT for the .99 Cent Margaritas...I opted for the margaritas!! THEY win everytime!!Next time lets skip the ""Tea Party Bullshit" = order 5 & have them put it in a large glass & order a tequila floater to top it off. NOW You're talking!!Then again, some of you might like having a little tea party. I DONT!!...ALOT of interesting characters wandering around & watch out for the elderly in their souped up electric wheel chair as they WILL do a "Hit-n-Run" on your ass & not even flinch (because they probably NEVER saw you in the begin with!!).... You've been warned!!Also I might add that the old grey haired bartenders are quite CREEPY!! It doesnt help at all that they have NO PERSONALITIES & wear these "Barber-like" smocks & have on 1 plastic glove like they want to give you a FREE prostate exam!! My advice is just drink that much more .99 margaritas & think about "butterflys in wide-open feilds"... OR SOMETHING!! Try to ignore them & NOT think about it!!
3	Have you ever spent some time in Downtown Las Vegas?  Not the Strip but actual old-school Downtown?  This seems like the epitome of a Downtown Vegas casino.  The Fremont Hotel and Casino is right there on Fremont Street...right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience.  We actually decided to stop by because during the show outside there was a sign that said something about texting a number to get 5 bucks in free slot play.  We texted the said number and got our confirmation number and headed over to the casino.  We got instructions on where to sign up for their club, waited in line and talked to one of the nice women working behind the counter.  This is the part that makes me realize its Downtown Vegas...all the women were the grandma type...even down to the little strap that holds their glasses around their neck.  Here's the strange thing...to get your 5 bucks they had to actually call a supervisor on a radio.  After a couple minutes he came down and had to verify everything and enter a bunch of stuff in the computer for each of us.  If you have ever been to a place on the Strip this process is usually automatic and takes 10 seconds.  Not here, apparently they really need to regulate what little money they give you to play with.   They are also a casino that does not allow you to use your free slot play on certain machines.   Oh well...no sweat off my back.The only thing that pissed me off was the fact that I really wanted to play one of the new Goldfish machines...the ones with the reels instead of the boxes.  There were three machines and one of them had a woman's husband just sitting there watching her play and then maybe once every 5 minutes spinning once himself.Dude I don't care if you have no money but let someone else get in there and lose their money too!I do not think I will be returning.  There are lots of other choices right next door that are not such a problem.  :0)
3	I have to give this place a good review since I just went in there for their $11.95 steak and lobster meal at Tony Roma and come out of there $300 up on the craps table.  I have to say that the odd on the craps table an really bad.  They are only 2 to 1 and if you place craps you know what I'm talking about.
4	Great location with an exciting atmosphere and an extremely good value. Just a few simple steps to 4 Queens, Binion's or Golden Nugget. Our room was clean, nicely decorated and comfortable, but a bit on the smaller side. We stayed on a higher floor facing Binion's and did not have any noise issues. No honking cabbies as I read about on other reviews. The sports book was large enough for me to kick back and enjoy myself for a couple hours on a Saturday morning. The table minimums are lower than on the strip, though the tables were pretty crowded most of that weekend. Easy to find $3 BJack still paying 3:2 downtown. Food at the Fremont Hotel was decent and there are many other options close by. One of the appealing aspects of Fremont Street is how close all of the food, drink and gaming options are. Service at the Fremont was very good, especially from the housekeeper and front desk staff. A waitress at the buffet was rude and unfriendly, but we didn't let that bother our meal. In-room safes are always appreciated and provide a little peace of mind.Overall, we had a blast staying here and definitely recognized the value it represents. Sign up for Boyd's B-Connected Card and stay here for $31 on weekdays, $39 most weekends! Seriously, this is a steal for such clean, stylish rooms located right in the middle of all of the D'town action.  Use the savings to fatten your bankroll. Our trip was here for two nights and then a week at the Venetian. We have stayed on the strip many times. Next time we might stay downtown for our whole stay and shuttle to the strip and back. The Express Shuttle bus service is a quick and painless way to go back and forth from the strip. Much, much, much better than the Deuce. The Express to the strip loads outside Binions and returns outside Golden Nugget.  We will definitely come back to The Fremont.
4	Coming here is always like coming home.  They also cater to local Hawaiian people, which is much appreciated.  The down side is that it gets really crowded and it can be difficult to get in on a table on weekend evenings.  The staff are nice and the payouts are generous.
3	Located on the Fremont St Experience next to the Horseshoe and across from the Four Queens, the Fremont Hotel & Casino is another one of Boyd Gaming's properties that cater to mostly Hawaiians.  It's real obvious when you walk into the joint and 75% of the people in there are from Hawaii.  They also have a restaurant, Lanai Express, that caters to Hawaiian tastes.Parking is FREE at this hotel, only if you get your ticket validated by getting a stamp at one of the time clocks in the casino.  It's valet parking too, there's no self-parking option....keep that in mind.You can always find a good game of Craps going on here as Hawaiians love to play Craps.  Machines are ok....they're a bit older.  You won't find too many new slot machines here.  The rooms are ok by downtown standards, not great.Will I return?  My family from Hawaii stay here on occasion.  So I come back whenever they visit.
3	I've never seen the rooms.  I'm sure they look like the Spa Tower at The Bellagio when your eyes are closed.The point of this review, is to mention the fact that for the last few years you can get:  $2 Corona at all casino bars 24x7 at the Freemont and The Cal!The table minimums hover in the $3-$5 range most times.   The odds on Craps are not the greatest (maybe 5x, if that). The game at The Cal is a bit better.  You can ask the pit boss for a 2-for-1 buffet coupon while playing nickel Texas Tea.  He may say, "No, not at that level of play".  If he does, go to the Players Club booth.  They will give you one for free.
3	Despite my low-rollerness, I often get free room offers from the Fremont.  When I went out last month, I decided to take one and spend a night downtown.  I've stayed downtown a few times so I kinda knew what to expect.  Room was clean and modern but small.  The TV was an older model but worked fine.  Bathroom was tiny, but the shower was hot, and I always get excited when the shampoo and conditioner come in seperate bottles.  Really, I do.  Check-in, check out were speedy, and the staff (as always) was super-friendly.  I like that there is a Dunkins there, and always have a good time with my Hawaiian pals at the craps tables.A budget choice, for sure, but a pretty good one.
2	The buffet here is not so great.The price is cheap for one, but the food has no flavor.It will work if your hung over and need some grub, but i've had better.
4	I had never been to Downtown Las Vegas, I mean, why would anybody want to come all the way down here when they have all the nicer, more expensive, and swankier resorts on The Strip? Well reader, let me explain...My boyfriend used to live in LV and he wanted to show me a side that my Orange County based ass had never seen. I came to see the Fremont Experience when I was a kid, and I remember it being dingy, old, and smelling of cigarette smoke. And despite the huge screeen-projector-roof thing above all the casinos, I remember never wanting to come back here. After some persuading (mostly having to do with the prospect of cheap games and fried twinkies), I caved in, shelled out the $25 cab fare and went.To my amazement, they really cleaned and spiffed up the place! We arrived around 1pm and didn't leave until way later. We came directly to Boyd's Fremont Casino and found some awesome games, notably a $5 double deck blackjack game that paid 3:2! Good luck finding better rules and odds like that on The Strip! Other than the better gambling, the thing I liked about Fremont is that all the casinos have open doors, so if you ever get bored of one casino, you can literally go next door and see what they have without having to deal with a cab ride. Most of the casinos here are within a large outdoor promenade covered by a huge screen that projects cool shows at night. I had so much fun casino hopping and checking out the smaller stands in between that sell everything from sunglasses, spray paint artwork, souvenirs, frozen drinks, and fried food. After 6pm, there are even more drink stations, a stage is set up with go-go dancers and a DJ spinning music, and the entire area becomes a giant party!Whenever you want to skip the haughty pretentiousness of The Strip, head over to Fremont Street for some awesome low roller fun! The people here are a lot more fun and down to earth, and the dealers here also love to have fun, talk to you, and are more than willing to help you if you're wondering whether you should hit on 16 or not. Just beware of the giant chilli cheese dog though. Coupled with copious amounts of cheap drinks, it seriously made me regret it in the middle of the night.
2	I love buffets and am no food snob, but this buffet was the pits.  Everything lacked flavor.  Even the cocktail sauce for the cold shrimp was bland.  Went on crab leg night.  They were ok, but were served with melted margarine instead of butter.  It gets two stars instead of one because the staff were friendly and it was well stocked.
3	I've never stayed at the Fremont so I'm reviewing everything except the hotel division.The Downtown experience's namesake is in a great location. Centralized on Freemont Street makes it the perfect for stopping in as you cruise up and down Old Vegas.$2 Heinekens and Coronas 24 hrs a day at the bars inside mean I stop in every time I go down town. The people who work the beer well bar obviously don't get tipped as often as they should because they are more than gracious with even a small tip. (tip them $1 for each beer on 2 beers and they will normally remember you for a while and make sure you are served a little quicker.)There's not much to see inside and this place is pretty cramped because of how the floor is laid out. The food selection as far as places to stop in for a quick bite are really limited and not very good at that.However they also have a Tony Roma's (You can tell this used to be their cafe) that serves a steak and lobster dinner every day from 9pm-11pm, which is a great place to stop in and take a break from the crowd, and unless there is an event there is almost always seating.The gaming always seems pretty active though, and although I've never played table games here the craps pits are always 2 rows deep with players and onlookers, which livens up the atmosphere.I usually don't spend a lot of time inside, I grab my $2 beers and head to the Nugget or Binions. Or just out for people watching.
2	bad hotel. It has seen better days. Casino is nasty. Food is horrible. Drinks are bad. I stayed here for 1 night and had to get a smoking room because they did not have any more non smoking rooms with 2 beds. I dont know how it happens but the bed linens reeked of cigerettes. I guess with all the smoking the odor gets absorbed into the mattresses. This does not have any of the glitz and glamour that you expect when you think of vegas. But I knew that before coming here and I've stayed here a few times in the past, but for some reason this time it hit me that downtown vegas is a shithole. Stay here if your real cheap and dont mind lousy casinos.
4	The rooms are fair priced, clean, and very comfortable aside front he fact that they really could use some new cooling units, mid day it gets a bit steamy in those rooms when your trying to sleep. The casino floor has some decent priced place to eat and always seem to have drink specials when I visit, so thats a huge plus.. The slots really do pay off a lot better then the strip from experience.. If your looking for a cheap laid back vacation and a chance to appreciate old town Vegas this is definitely a hotel id consider. =) Can't wait to have another visit.
3	As far as gambling this place is pretty good. Low minimums on the card tables and wide selections for slots. Good location right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience. The rooms are adequate, meaning old and outdated. But it is kept clean by the staff so if you're on a budget its okay. Buffet is not bad and Tony Roma's is also here.
3	An average hotel at best. The room was newly remodeled and clean. It was old and smokey like most downtown hotels but this was a little better kept. The valet service was quick with drop off and pick up. Good location if Fremont street is your cup of tea. The casino is good and you can find cheap tables. Prices are cheap for the rooms. There really isn't anything great or terrible about Fremont. Enjoy...Kinda!!!Grade C
3	How does this not have a review? I suspect it's because the patrons that visit Fremont to squander their meager earnings are not the type to run home and write a Yelp review. I'm willing to bet they don't even know what Yelp is, other than a unpleasant sound a dog makes.Things you won't find at Fremont:-cocktail waitresses born after 1975-the latest in gambling trends-a clean bathroom-smoke-free air to breathe-$25 minimumsThings you will find at Fremont:-lifetime gamblers who love "the game"-waitresses who are quick with a stiff drink-a decor that hasn't changed since before the waitresses were born-the closest thing to Vegas in ye olden days-a good time
4	Casino review only, this is another favorite for my Island family, when they are in town, we cruse downtown and Fremont Hotel is always hot for good slot and table games.  I don't know how many times I have been in to play blackjack or three card poker and walked away happy winner.  And the pay off for their slots is excellent.  For downtown, this place is always packed, busy with excitement and very much the island get away.
4	We stayed here over Valentine's weekend and had no complaints, though we're low-maintanence guests (no room service, etc.).  As with all of the hotels downtown, rooms are CHEAP, $31 a night CHEAP!  The rooms there are relatively small but comfortable enough for two.  Our room was recently rennovated with contemporary decor but lacked flat-screen hi-def tvs (no biggie, I wasn't there to watch tv).  The bed was actually pretty comfortable, the room was clean, and the noise level (outside in the hallways) was very quiet.  Room goodies were ample for two people for two nights.  They included two bars of soap, shampoo, conditioner, enough towels for two, hair dryer, safe, plastic cups, and a plastic ice bucket.  One thing I appreciated about the Fremont is how the elevators are near the actual rooms--no need to walk five miles from the room to the elevator like at Golden Nugget.  They're also close to the front desk and casino.  Valet is also near the front desk, elevators, and casino.Valet is quick, however I should preface that they only have valet and, their valet lot is SMALL.  Get there early to ensure you have a place for your car.  Otherwise, you'll end up parking at Binion's and carrying luggage across the street (and up/down garage stairway, their garage elevators were being maintanenced that week).  TIP: If you park at Binion's 3+ hours and hand your ticket to the guard it will be $18; if you "lose" your ticket, it is only $12 (make sure guard doesn't see ticket).Inside the casino, there's a myriad of dining options.  The only venue I patronized was Lanai Express.  It is good, fast, cheap, and open 24 hours.  As the name entails, the food is mainly Hawaiian, Asian, and American.I was very comfortable staying at the Fremont and recommend all to stay there if you aren't looking for as many ammenities and luxuriousness the Golden Nugget offers.
5	$2 Coronas and $1 margaritas... yessss.  My sister found a nickel slot machine that paid us both $30 right off the bat.  I should have sat there all night considering how poorly I did at blackjack later on at the Golden Gate.  I'd come back here for sure.
3	Decent selection of slots.  I didn't hit it big.  I didn't try any of the drinks.
3	The hotel is old, and even with the new remodel, its still old.  I dont think I'll be back here anytime soon
4	What a pleasant surprise this hotel turned out to be! I'm anti-downtown Vegas and the only reason I went was for the Yelp event that night. I booked a room at this hotel since there was a special offer for Yelpers. Let me jump ahead a minute and say that our room exceeded expectations since it was spotless and recently remodeled. It seemed like we were the first ones to stay in this room it was so new and clean! That being said, the guy from that show Hotel Impossible would have a field day with the employees at the Fremont Hotel & Casino.Upon arrival, our valet tells us he wishes he wasn't working today. Is that the kinda guy I wanna give my car to? Then there was the check in girl. She was pretty clueless and unable to answer a number of our questions. The bellhop was a little better, but also had an I-Wish-I-Wasn't-Here type of attitude.Other than that, my time with the employees at this hotel was very limited and the four star rating is mainly for the very clean and modern room. I would recommend this hotel if stuck in the Fremont area.
4	I have stayed here 3 times, so they must be doing something right because I keep coming back! The rooms are on the small side, but are clean and tidy. Older TV and air conditioner. The one thing I didn't really like is there is no counter space in the bathroom! The hotel itself is easy to navigate. Easy to find restaurants and bars. Entrance onto Fremont Street is accessible straightaway from the elevators.  The hotel doesn't have a parking structure, so Valet is pretty much the only option, which annoyed my brothers.I was anti-Fremont Street before staying here, but this hotel really changed my mind. I always enjoy myself when I stay here. I am definitely going to stay here again!
4	Cheap booze! Did not gamble here, just drank and watched Sportscenter get erections over Tebow.
4	I'm talking about the lights! The Light show is fantastic and the other look a likes they have roaming around is a must.
4	Small, clean, updated rooms.  Paid only $29 on a week night.  I choose a room in the back, to be away from the noise on Fremont St.  They have a Dunkin Donuts, a Rocky Mountain Apple, and a Tony Roma's that has a cheap steak and lobster special.  99 cent shrimp cocktails available also.  $3 craps is a plus for those of us learning, bet pass 8 and 6 and take odds.  Nicest of the buget stays downtown.
4	Ladies had a great time on $5 roulette tables here though I had bad luck on Texas Hold' Em tables!
5	This is a gambling review only.....With that being said first off the staff here are amazing and friendly. Casino floor is easy to maneuver and they got 5 dollar blackjack and craps. I was here for less than an hour and turned another 40 dollar buy in to about 150 or so while playing - you guessed it - craps. Dice is now by far my favorite casino game. Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas...
4	Located on the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. Yet another classic piece of Las Vegas Old School. As I have said before, if you want the world class five star resort experience go to the Las Vegas Strip, but if you want a taste of the Las Vegas of a bygone era, come Downtown. The Fremont Hotel Casino is a great example of that. Great deals on  Food, Room and Gambling (Low table Limits) Always a great way to try out your sure fire system on craps, with little risk. Come at night for the full blown neon experience. Come on down and let loose. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	The rooms are newly remodeled and for $40 a night, this lady ain't complaining! The beds were comfy (big surprise) as were the pillows and the room was clean. The rooms are uber tiny but, really, who cares? The toilet was at an angle behind the door and resembled a public restroom toilet, so that was weird, but it didn't inhibit use so no worries. I would highly recommend this hotel *if* you want to stay on Fremont. I would never stay here again, but that's only because I would never stay on Fremont St. again. Different strokes for different folks.
5	It gets 5 stars for simply having a dunkin donuts! Bravo.
3	INITIAL POST ON 11/16/2012:  Nothing at all wrong with the casino in the mornings and early afternoons. By late afternoon, though, I have to leave because of the constant, irritating loud speaker announcements.  "Table 32 is ready at Tony Roma's.  Table 32, Tony Roma's."  "Table 33 is ready at Tony Roma's.  Table 33, Tony Roma's...."The announcement bellows through the ENTIRE casino.  Could the blinky buzzers utilized by other restaurants be put into play?  Certainly.  But then, the rib joint wouldn't get the free ads to casino patrons.There are too many other casinos just a few steps away.  The unnecessary, aggravating, loud announcements start...and I stop at the Fremont.  Ugh.UPDATE ON 10/25/2013:  It seems the Tony Roma blaring, annoying loudspeaker announcements are not just to alleviate any "unsafe" crowds gathering around the restaurant.  I met a friend at the Fremont last night.  We had to stop our conversation every time the loud announcements for the restaurant were made...and they are frustratingly often.  Then, a few minutes before 10 pm, there were TWO blaring announcements:  "There is currently no wait for tables at Tony Roma's.  Immediate seating is available now at Tony Roma's."Please, I'm begging you, stop it!!!  Figure out another way to promote the damn restaurant.  Give people blinky buzzers, as is the case with other restaurants.  Don't pretend those horridy, obnoxious announcements are necessary.  They're not.  And they sure don't make me want to go to the rib joint or spend much time in the casino!!
1	If you like smelling or want to smell like cigarrettes, this place is perfect for you.  Enough said.
3	Casino area has a great staff and a friendly waitress. It has Duncan Donuts which is a plus for me since I love pastries. Lanai express is a good place for a quick place to grab a bite to eat. The buffet was great with a decent selection. As far as the room, it ok and the bathroom was really small. Shower floor looked like it was the only thing that wasn't renovated. All in all I had a great time. We usually stay at the California.
3	Met the sweetest cocktail waitress who was old enough to be my grandma. Had lots of fun here at the slots on my first night in Vegas. It's smokey and could use some renovations, but whatever. I'm just here for oxtail soup from Lanai Express! Yeah, buddy!
2	Just got back from our Las Vegas Christmas vacay.  First I've always enjoyed the casino at Fremont...I have my favorite machines there so that in itself is enough to keep visiting, however staying at Fremont might be something that I'd need to consider.  Our toilet overflowed on our second night - not as gross as it sounds...it wasn't what you think it was...lol...water was was all over the bathroom floor and spilled over onto the rug.  I called guest services and it took a good 20 minutes for someone to come up...he plunged it and said that we need to flush twice.  He then sent a maid up that cleaned the floor with the existing towels in the bathroom with her gloved hands...then came back to give us more "fresh" towels with the same gloved hands.  Just thought that it was unsanitary that she didn't clean the floor with any kind of soap or disinfectant being that it was toilet water....and that she used the same hands that I'm sure touched toilet water...to replace our towels.The elevators weren't working properly so it would stop on the same floor and the doors would open and close.  It would take a good 5 minutes to get down to the lobby.If you're a germiphobe this place probably isn't the right place for you but hey you're not going to Vegas to sleep right...
1	As you can see below - there was a response from a Fremont Employee...after reading that, I PM'd more information that I thought would be helpful to jog the memory of those involved especially since this incident happened within 2 weeks - NO RESPONSE.  I think yelp is an important tool for consumers, who have many, many other choices.SO a big BOOO to you Fremont - for your canned response to negative ratings that you were quick to post for public view but when given the opportunity to rectify a situation (or at least make me feel warm and fuzzy again about your establishment again) in the name of customer satisfaction you were not interested since it would have been done privately.
3	We booked 3 FREE nights arriving on Sunday, Jan 13th. Requested a non-smoking room on an upper level, we got a room on the 2nd floor, small but tidy BUT the noise from some machinery outside that runs day and night kept us from sleeping. At 1:30am called customer service, was connected to the front desk and requested a different room, none available, try in the morning, which we did and got a room on the 10th floor. The noise was still there but not as loud and we got a good night sleep.The rooms have the smallest bathrooms but large flat screen TV"s. WiFi costs $9.99 for 24 hours.The buffet is only 5 from 1-10 but inexpensive.Checked out after 2 nights because the cards at the tables where not generous to us so our gambling fund was gone.See views from room 240 and room 1036 in the photo section.The dealers where friendly, the drink servers attentive. Tony Roma's Prime Rib special ($8.99) from 4:30-6:30 brings the crowds so get in line early.Won't stay at Fremont again but at the Plaza which always mails free rooms offers every month.
5	This was our first time EVER at the Fremont.  We were staying because we had family coming in from out of town in the same hotel.  We were thoroughly IMPRESSED not only with the customer service of the hotel staff from the maid staff to the dealers to the wait staff.  Not only was our rate awesome, NO RESORT FEES, we were able to  to check in early (after getting up at 3am to drive), we were very happy with our room.  A little on the small side (we had a KING bed), the room as clean, modernly decorated and the tub was big enough for me to soak!!  Not a small feat for someone my size!!!We were a little apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews on here, but were committed to the stay since family was in.  But we found none of those reviews to be substantiated.  Who can complain, $.99 margaritas at all bars all day, ever day and $2 Heinekens or Coronas same deal?  NOT US!  We had a blast, us and our family!  The Tony Roma's $8.99 Early bird dinner of Prime Rib, AMAZING and the Sunday Champagne Brunch AMAZING!!One thing is for sure: This hotel gave us the honeymoon do over we were looking for since the year before another nameless hotel on the strip totally ruined the the first one!!  WE WILL BE BACK!!  Thank you to all of the wonderful staff and management of the Fremont Hotel!!!
4	I've stayed at the Fremont Hotel & Casino a ton of times..........this is my parents all time favorite hotel. My mom especially loved to stay here, due to the location.........as the hotel was centered around many other hotels, and she just loved to hotel hop to do her gambling. Rooms are small, but clean..........nothing fancy at all. When I stay at budget hotels, all I ask for are two things.............1. That the hotel room is clean. Check!2. That the place is safe, & you will not get robbed. Check!Boyd gaming runs 3 hotels in the downtown area.........the Fremont Hotel, California Hotel, & Main Street Hotel. All three are very popular with the Hawaii crowd.Besides all the gambling & fun...........part of the Las Vegas experience is the eating too! One of my all time favorite things I like to eat is the Fried Chicken from the Fremont Hotel's buffet.The buffet in the Fremont hotel is not as large, but has enough section of things to choose from. Last night - it was Steak night, and I went with my dad to have dinner. I wasn't there for the steak..........I was there for only one thing..........the FRIED CHICKEN (see pic)!Ummmmm........Fried Chicken! What can I say............they know how to do it right! Big Meaty pieces of chicken, fried to perfection, & seasoned just right! If I could eat this everyday without any health ramifications.........I'd do it! :)Thanks for the free room! We will be back in a few months for more fun!
3	Stayed two nights here just to try it. Overall, it was a good stay. The best thing going for this hotel & casino is the location. It's a very short walk from the room elevators to the middle of the action on Fremont Street. I'd say literally 1-2 minutes from elevator to Fremont (depending upon how fast you walk). But be forewarned, the rooms are very tiny and you've got almost no counter space (see photos). Put it this way, I'm a guy. I shave my head. My counter space needs are about as minimal as they come. But I found navigating the bathroom extremely challenging. I almost had to use the bathtub ledge to place a few items. The toilet is right there by the sink, too. You could literally sit on the toilet and shave in the mirror at the same time. I didn't, because it would be creepy. But you could. The room is pretty much a bed and TV. The bed takes up more than half the room. The closet is adequate. So all in all, just a very tight room but it serves the purpose. I slept well here. Staff were professional and had no issues to complain of. Again, the major advantage of staying at the Fremont is the access to Fremont St where everything happens. If you just want a room to crash in, this is a good option.So I would probably come back alone. But it's definitely not a place to impress a date.
5	I love this hotel it's been remodeled but still like it way better than new Vegas hotels Fremont street is the place to be if you like low-key atmosphere cheap gambling and cheap booze but winning big
2	The room was kind of clean - I found a pair of dirty socks and their was toothpaste/water splatter on the walls in the bathroom.
1	Absolutely awful customer service. I emailed Nicole Marshall, the "guest experience manager" at the Fremont about my son's homecoming party (he is in the Navy and had been deployed to GTMO for 9 months, he also just turned 21). The first email didn't get a response until a month later, about a week before our visit. That was fine. She was very apologetic and asked if she could still help. I responded and asked what could be done to make our son's party great and if there were any complimentary upgrades available. No response. We arrive at the hotel and I send another email. No response. The last day of our trip and I send a final angry email. No response.  Seriously, by the day after we got there we figured they didn't care about our party, just that we already paid our money and we were staying there. Fine. We decided to just have a good time. I did want to mention though that we reserved three rooms, two with a king bed and one with two doubles. What we got was three rooms with two doubles. The beds were extremely cramped and most of us ended up sleeping away from our significant others. The damn beds were too small for two people. Non-existent view. Smokey smelling rooms. Not many choices for food either. Needless to say, we spent 90% of our time and money at other establishments on Fremont.We have grown to love Fremont St. even more than the strip and we want to start coming at least 6-7 times a year. We are looking for that one hotel to call home base when we come. It most DEFINITELY WILL NOT be the Fremont Hotel. Your greed and lack of caring for an event that meant so much to us will forever define you. You not only lost a great repeat customer, but a ton of dough and good referrals.Good job!!
4	FREMONT STREET WAS THE FIRST PAVED ROAD IN LAS VEGASThis famous street is second only to the Las Vegas Strip. The Fremont Street Experience was constructed almost 20 years ago and the Fremont Hotel & Casino is in the heart of the area.Like most of the older hotels in this area, the casino is full of older machines. Some slots even return nickels and quarters, rather than tickets. Beware if you cash out with lots of winnings! It can take a while!! We have fun on these older machines. Most new ones don't take change so it's nice to walk by and put in the last quarter in your pocket or the dime you just found.Great food deals can be found in Fremont Casino. Tony Roma's restaurant is in here, as well as some fast food places. Drinks can be found at casino bars or from cocktail service while you gamble.I've stayed at a few of the downtown hotels, though never at Fremont. I generally don't stay downtown. It doesn't seem as safe to me and the parking garages don't have valets running by the cars all night. I instead stay close to the strip and drive to Fremont for the fun.The casinos in glitter gulch are all worth a stop-in. You definitely won't miss this one as you walk by! Stop. Admire the lights. And then go bet some nickels inside.
3	Stayed here for two nights last weekend, room was small but clean with one exception......a fish hook stuck in the carpet that I had the pleasure of stepping on.  Luckily I reacted fast enough to not have to make the emergency room visit to remove said hook.  I do not blame the hotel for this but regardless it wasn't pleasant.All in all a decent stay.
5	first time here. For the price,which is cheap,i love it! Of course,who dont want to stay in those fancy hotels at the strip,but when traveling on a budged freemont its the place to be. Front desk lady was soo nice to us(some of our party lost the flight and only arrived saturday) she cancel one night without any penalty! Room is very nice,clean. Beds are confortable. Bathroom its small and the sink sucks but whatever.I like it here,surely staying here again.
3	A casino catered to the local residents in downtown Las Vegas. It is part of the Downtown Fremont Experience. Reasonable buy-in at tables and not as crowded as the casinos on the strip.
3	I'm in downtown frequently but rarely go into the casinos aside from the Golden Nugget. Even more rare is me gambling. My friends were in town and we kinda strolled into the first casino where their blackjack table seemed decent. They're into that, not me. I actually haven't gambled much so I played on the slots for the hell of it. Meh. I don't see the appeal?  Still, if you want to go budget and want to play, I was on some slots for quite a long time so there is that! Some of the older casinos still have the coined machines but these have pretty much all of them updated to tickets which I do prefer. This place was kinda warm though and not well ventilated. It definitely showed its age. After a while we got bored and left. It didn't really impress my guests and they felt it was too seedy here so they wanted to leave Fremont before I got the chance to show them "my" downtown.
2	This is specifically a review of the Fremont Casino eatery... not the casino itself, nor the hotel.I came in here to compare the advertised 99 cent shrimp cocktail to the famous but now hard-to-find $3 shrimp cocktail of the Golden Gate up the street.  How could they actually give you a shrimp cocktail for $1?  Too good to be true?Indeed... It's two spoons of micro shrimp over cocktail sauce over shredded celery. Tasty snacking, but not the same as up the street... and the loose celery in your system will come back to haunt you, I found out later.I also ordered a saimin, to compare to the grill in the Plaza up the street, and immediately regretted it when I saw them unwrap it and jam it in the microwave.  All in all, the eatery is meh.  Perhaps they're open crazy hours and they might be a godsend if you're drunk or stoned at 4AM with the munchies, but during normal business hours, you definitely get what you pay for... or sometimes even a little less.  There's better stuff up the street.
3	This is just anther casino. I didn't play here, but I sure the hell drank here! Its kinda hard to beat $2 Heineken's! The bartender kept my brews flowing. I notice when you tip bartenders/servers, they buzz around you like flies! Love that! I had one of their .99 shrimp cocktail's. The shrimps were micro sized which was fine because I just needed it for filler. It was only 3am and we had many more hours to go til we were going to eat. It totally served its purpose.
4	Another Boyd gaming property which is the center of the Fremont Street Experience. This is like the sister to the California Hotel. The Aloha Spirit is here too with their buffet and mini cafe. There is also a Tony Roma's which is always packed very popular among the restaurants in Downtown expect to wait hours at peak dinner hours from 6-9pm. They also have a Dunkin Donuts for you donut, coffee and smoothie peeps. This is another Casino I frequent when i'm in Las Vegas.
1	My bestie and I stayed here 2 years ago. It was a complete nightmare! We weren't able to check in until after 6pm, when we were told an 11am check in would be fine. Our room was dirty and dingy, I wouldnt walk around barefoot; might even want to wear rain boots! Shower didn't work (um I would like to have washed all the desert heat and grimmy room feel off of me) We went out and enjoyed Fremont st. Came back to sleep at this crackden of a hotel. In the morning, we could visibly see all the stains, which looked like past guests included Freddy Kruger (blood) and Ron jermey (yes, semen). Nice veiw of the parking lot, with broken glass and car alarms going off every hour. Tried to talk to management, got nowhere Unless you want that horror movie, run down motel feeling, DON'T stay here. Disgusting
3	I was a little skeptical when we booked due to some reviews,however we always stay on the strip so we tried this hotel. To my surprise the room was clean and for the low price was worth it. Staff was friendly and attentive if we              needed something. I would come stay here again. Plus we got 4 breakfast and lunch free coupons. Wi fi is not free,9.99 per day.  I would not pay for the dinner buffet again though. Website says no fridge. When we called for reservation ,they told us the same thing,however when we checked in we asked about a fridge and she said we could have one ,no charge so I guess they don't offer one unless requested.
4	I really like this hotel because it is convenient when staying in downtown Las Vegas. They have a good food area; dunkin donuts, lanais kitchen and many more. It is also in the middle of all the hotels. Tony Roma's in this hotel has a bomb prime rib for $8.99 but do not be fooled there is a time limit. It is from 6:30-8:30pm.
5	This review is solely for the casino and not for the hotel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the staff here !! My friends and I ventured to downtown for some cheap slots and table games.  Fremont has all day $3 craps tables !  It was my first time playing craps on an actual table, and the staff working on the table were nice enough to explain the table rules to me, and help me throughout the night.  They were very helpful even during busy times of the casino !  I can't wait to visit Vegas and the Fremont casino staff again !Some rules/tips for playing table craps:- when holding the dice, don't bring the dice above the craps table- shoot the dice all the way across the table (both die must hit the opposite wall)- drinks must remain below the table on the ledge and not above the table- betting payouts are different so ask the staff what bet would be ideal
3	My boyfriend, and I stayed at this casino on July 20 2013 the room small, but clean. I booked on Vegas.com should always read the terms of the promo I booked room, because offered 2 either breakfast or lunch buffets. When I arrived they said only for Mon-Thurs. I was piss t, and complained to Supervisor Pat. W. she listened, and kept telling me we can't do anything about it, but on my Itinerary said two buffets no days. I told her ask manager for the okay, or I would give bad review, and never come back  after all the stress.Pat came back with a steak buffet dinner for two a better deal, and the food very good. I would say Fremont Hotel Casino is an okay place. And if you want to book downtown this place is an alright casino, small yet clean; did win some change fun playing.
5	Came to downtown to eat at a buffet n gamble a little...the buffet at the freemont hotel was AWESOME!!!!...they had it allllll from delicious menudo to sushi ...had 5 plates of food ...and our waiter was AWSOMEEEEEE!!!! will def. Be coming back here next time I'm in town :)
4	I stayed here a few times and I love it. The hotel is in the middle of everything going on in downtown and the dealers are friendly, they make you feel like a winner.  I love playing on the tables because its relaxing so, I wish they had more tables.  The slot machines are okay, they don't have my favorite slot the pinball but there selection isn't bad.  The food places here are fast, good tasting and served with a smile...The buffet is large and the wait staff are welcoming and the seating is comfortable.  I liked the dinner choices but was drawn to the fried chicken it was tasty.  It is an old hotel that needs to be upgraded but they make up for that with there excellent service. Next trip, coming soon will definitely drop some money here.
4	Fun!
2	Boy o boy....this place has gone way downhill.  It's dirty, smoky, and hasn't changed much in over 20 yrs.  It's still one of the most convenient places to valet park in downtown Vegas....so that's why we come here.  It's centrally located to everything on Fremont St and easy to access.  All of my comments from my previous review still apply here, but they get downgraded a Star because of how dirty/smoky it is here.Return Factor - 30%
3	For some reason I always park at Binion's. I was there this evening to eat nearby so I pulled in the self park. I know this is an older place but I wish they would update the elevator to the parking garage. I always use the stairs but I was with mom who was traveling all day and needed the elevator. We stayed and played a few slot machines for a few hours. There was only one cocktail waitress that came our way the entire time, that's pretty bad.
5	Very enjoyable stay at the Fremont Hotel and Casino.We stayed for 5 nights in August and had a great vacation. It was my first trip Downtown, and I was warned at how small the hotel room was, and it's true. However, for the amount of time we were in the room, the size didn't really matter. The room was in need of a little TLC, there was a spot with loose wallpaper, but other than that, everything was clean, neat, and in working order. The bed and other furnishings were very comfortable and perfectly adequate for a room of that size. Housekeeping did a fabulous job of keeping the room clean and stocked with towels. The room had a flat panel HDTV with your typical cable channels, and a small safe was on the wall just inside the door. The best part about the room was the air conditioner, which worked famously for the August heat! Absolutely no complaints there. The shower head is a bit low for those who are taller (My sweetie is 6'3"), but water pressure and hot water were plentiful.  The bathroom sink has a very small bit of counter space, and I mean S M A L L. But I managed to get all of my girlie stuff up on the shelf above it with no problem. If you travel like the Kardashians, you are probably S.O.L in that department. Check in was quick and the clerk was friendly. I redeemed my B-Connected card at the Players Club desk with no wait. The casino itself is well stocked with a ton of slot machines, and I was pleasantly surprised with how not smoky the casino was, since I heard that the ventilation downtown wasn't as good as on the strip. Not so, in my opinion. I am a non-smoker and I was never once repulsed by the stench of smoke in this, or any other casino downtown for that matter (Except Mermaids, that place is disgusting). A great bonus is location, location, location! You can walk across the street to Binions, The D, and Golden Nugget in no time at all. (Hash House is just down the street at the Plaza, which is a MUST when staying in Vegas)The food choices were great! Dunkin Donuts, Lanai Express, Rocky Mountain Chocolate, and the best one.... Second Street Grill- which is truly a hidden gem. (I have a separate review for it). Now, I must say that the Paradise Buffet is mediocre at best, but there are far worse buffets around. (We had free buffets for length of stay, so it wasn't too bad)Friendly staff, clean, neat, comfortable rooms, great casino in a fabulous location, awesome food... what more could you ask for in a $32/night room? We have another trip planned for early November, and I'm sure we'll enjoy it just as much as we did in August.
2	The room I stayed in had a bathroom sink that didn't drain. We called the desk 3 times. 2 times in the afternoon and once again in the evening. They never came to fix it.
2	I hang out at freemont casino prolly too much for the rating and review I'm going to give it but this is how I feel about it. Drinks are cheap when it comes to beer they have a $2 special on a lot of yummy beers. Some bartenders are pretty amazing and nice. Also a lot of them are unnecessarily rude and buzz killers. The table game dealers are mean. Not only mean but rude and not friendly some don't even smile and when you try talking to them they are rude. Most of the are miserable, act miserable and look miserable. There are maybe two that do look like they are not bitter tho. I would definitely not recommend this casino to anyone looking to have fun. If you want to gamble and nothing more. No talking no smiling no humanity. Then this is your place.
2	We booked the Fremont about 9 months in advance, and got a good deal for the 3 days leading up to New Year's Eve.  The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable. Housekeeping was excellent. The location is good if you're looking for a hotel in the Fremont Street area. The reasons we will never be back: We booked the Fremont Hotel for New Years Eve to be on Fremont Street for the Fremont experience!!! In past years, we took a cab to the area and patronized the hotels, vendors, etc and left. This year, however, there was a massive charge to stand on the street? WTF? I'm not sure how much kick back the city gets for this, but it was totally unreasonable. So since we chose not to purchase the 'tickets,' we were stuck in the hotel unless we wanted to exit a back door into the ghetto. Secondly, we went to the buffet, which we did daily. This time there was someone in line that had an issue with credit for a discount or something. Literally, we waited 25 minutes and the line was out the door. They didn't open another register, ask him to step aside, or anything. It actually became more entertainment and shit talking between the customers to see how long this would continue. Meanwhile, breakfast time had ended and lunch started. We were there for breakfast. We were told the breakfast prices ended but there may be a couple items remaining in the dining room. No, there was not. I went to the front desk to talk to a manager and she said she would talk to someone at the buffet restaurant...and thanks. I'm pretty sure that compensating someone somewhat is more financially prudent than not, in the long run. Now, they will never get my return business, and potentially others will agree with me and choose a different hotel.
4	Ever since turning 21, this has become my lucky gambling place. I always seem to win here. Oh, they also have 99 cent Margaritas and 2 buck Coronas. So yeah, that makes this the perfect place for me.The good:Cheap drinksI have good luck with gambling hereOld school class and vibeThe bad:A bit crampedReturn factor: Well duh.
2	Small, small  and small!  I regret booking a room and staying here.  The room is the size of a closet.  It's updated a little which is nice.  I used to stay at the gold spike ( before they turned it into the odd bar thing it is today). The rooms were bigger at the gold spike!  The casino is odd,  It's like a retirement home.  Just walk through and look around,  you will feel like you are visiting your grandma at the retirement home.  It's not really the casinos fault that they have that clientele, it was just not my scene.  All and all the employees were nice and accommodating. So were the older people they were all super sweet.  My largest problem was the room size.
1	My friends and I stopped at the buffet for dinner and instantly regretted it. The pork chops tasted like leather, the fish was awful, the pasta sauce was bland, and even the pineapple slices were inedible. How do you screw up pineapples?! Even the desserts were no good. We all made a b line to our hotel down the street for the emergency bathroom trip. I highly recommend this buffet for my enemies.
3	I stayed here along with 'Sally D', one of the reviews that was 'not recommended'. Thanks, Yelp. Super helpful.We were staying at the Fremont from 1/6-1/11 for CES, as most of the strip hotels were booked or super expensive. Valet staff (you have no choice but to valet, btw) was kind and helpful, and check in was pleasant. However, there is one angry, overweight woman with gray/blonde hair who is the absolute worst. There was a murder or violent crime one night and we couldn't get into the required valet parking due to the street being blocked off, so we were forced to park elsewhere and pay. When we asked if the hotel could do anything for us afterwards, said angry woman snarled at us, saying "good luck with that", and proceeded to hurl abuse as we walked away in shock. Not happy with that woman, and the sink broke. Otherwise stay was okay; giving extra stars for friendly staff who were NOT that particular woman.
4	We came to see the Freemont Experience. Our tour bus guide said they had $.99 margaritas and shrimp cocktail, so we figured why not. The margaritas weren't bad, but they didn't let you have different flavors. The shrimp cocktail consisted of a plastic cup with chopped celery at the bottom, followed by tiny salad shrimp. This was in their fridge. When you ordered they put a dollop of cocktail sauce and a lemon wedge. Not bad tasting, but nothing to rave about. I did win in the casino, not that much but it was still fun. They also had steak meals for less than $10. Not sure how they tasted, but there were a bunch of signs advertising it. There was something going on for Chinese New Year. A fun time.
1	So I will start off by saying about a month ago I was yelling to the TOP of my lungs everyone needs to visit the Fremont Casino its my favorite place!!!  They have the best tables!Sadly I had a horrible experience and it has permanently changed my views of this place. I was playing at the Craps table ($3) and this very loud group next to me was playing and the man next to me on multiple occasion kept thinking my money was his. So in my mind I am like why aren't these people doing anything to prevent this? So it got so bad that they actually had to go look at the tape.So here is my real issue. The man argued to the staff that it was his money on the table and I was nicely sad that it was mine but the game in no way could be stop while the conflict got resolved. So Money that no one could confirm sat on the table when all I wanted to was grab my money and leave. The Manager on duty Monica  was so rude to me she did look at the tape (for 10-15 mins) and saw that it was my money and when I asked for my $3 back YES $3 that they couldn't confirm that was mine she tried to tell me I was trying to get over and scamming them. I WAS LIKE ARE YOU SERIOUS you guys make $3 in 0.02 seconds and you can't afford to give me $3???? She told me I had to make an appointment to speak to someone higher than her. the customer service was TERRRRIBLE and it did not stop there.The next morning I called and asked to speak to the Operations Manager and he got on the phone and told me he would take a look at it and give me a call back and pretty much said what do you want and we cant give you anything more than $3. I NEVER HEARD FROM THIS MAN EVER AGAIN! and I made it clear if you would've given me the stinking $3 I would've given it right back to you at the craps table. Just be careful at this place... I am so sad that this happened to me at my FAVORITE place.
1	This review is for Tiffany W., your comments to 1-star reviews are simply 'cut and paste' automatic replies that show a total lack of true sincerity.  I simply hope you actually read the reviews and do something for the people that had bad experiences.
1	This is review for casino,not hotel.I been playing Paigow game with my friends. During one game/ hand I got full house and my friend got 6 card bonus.So we should win 99%.But after we saw our cards and dealer was ready to see her cards red light came up on her machine and she called supervisor.Supervisor said collect all the cards and don't pay anyone.I understand that if there is malfunction all hands are voided but we all already saw our cards and red light came up too late.  In any other casino supervisor would allow dealer to finish that hand but not here.
1	Avoid Downtown, but especially AVOID BOYD'S!!! I had my purse snatched INSIDE THE CASINO! Security told me not to call police, that they'd handle everything. They took down my address and other information - and put me on their advertising mail list! Again: I got ROBBED there, and instead of calling the police, they put me on their spam list. I even get postcards to remind me that I was robbed and got zero justice!I went to the police the next day and was told that this was the usual runaround they give people who are robbed in their casinos, so that they don't look bad. I literally called every day for two months trying to get something done.  Nada. Whatever you do, DO NOT GO TO BOYD'S!!! YOU ARE NOT SAFE THERE!!!!
4	You need to understand where you are when you write your review. This isn't the strip!This is downtown Las Vegas! Smoky,  dirty, and cheap....but a hell of a lot of fun.  You can be entertained outside, play penny slots and win, drink a lot for free (just your tips ). You don't work up a sweat walking from your room to the casino. And you have a choice of several casinos in the area. This is old school Vegas baby and if you don't like it go pay 200 buck to stay on the strip (for a room a little bit bigger). Let us have downtown!  Thanks, fred
1	Brutal spot run.
4	I actually really like it here. The bar by the sports book is nice, it gets busy but not crazy loud like some of the other bars. The Buffet here is good as well. Try to go when they have crab legs. They serve them warm, too, which is a plus!
3	Rooms are small, but clean. We found it a little too noisy due to the Fremont Street Experience, but would stay again in a quieter room.
5	The paradise buffet inside of the Fremont was amazing I've never been big on crab legs but they were cooked perfectly easy to open beautiful meat just came right out of them and the desert amazing
4	Very inexpensive, clean room.  Small room, but all I did in there was sleep so that doesn't matter to me.  I paid $96 for three nights!  Having a Dunkin Donuts in there is a great idea!  Easy coffee in the morning and better than Starbucks (cheaper too!).   The buffet was awful, there are many better options for food around there.
4	Simple room.. just what I need, not a lot of bells and whistles.Air conditioning was arctic, no mini fridge, rooms clean.  Staff was helpful and polite, no notable complaints there.The general feel of the room is a bit old fashioned, I don't think they've gotten the upgrade you see at other Boyd properties.Location is smack dab on the Fremont Experience.  Surrounded by a lot of other Downtown hotel/casinos.In closing, a decently priced hotel that has all you really need.  Be sure to book online at their website with your player's club card for better rates.
2	Well......No self parking to begin with. You either Valet or park in the California's lot a block away. The room is TINY, yet modern and comfortable. The bathroom is TINY and at an incline so luckily they have a warning about that or youd fall flat on your face walklng into the bathroom! Hallways are narrow and short so never a long walk from the elevator. The casino is ALWAYS busy and you do notice that they really need to do something about the smell in there.Despite all this, its still not a bad place......unless youre looking for a pool in which case i'll let you know when i'm done laughing
1	If I could, I would absolutely give them 0 stars. As for customer service they are very rude! We had booked a no - smoke room with a king bed and end up getting to their liking. (Which by the way they never informed us of any changes) We ended up getting a smoking room with 2 twin beds. I have asthma and I informed them the room smell was of extreme nuisance to me and then they replied with "there was nothing [they] could do". I was not about to risk MY health and my daughters health. They became even more rude and hostile when I had no other choice but to resign the room and urge them for a reimbursement.  They wanted me entirely off the premises. They told me "we need you to vacate the room ASAP and leave the premises" no apology was given for the unnecessary inconvenience. I will never come here again! And I would advise you as well to stay somewhere else.
3	You get what you pay for.  $50 a night on a weekend is a great deal for Vegas. The room was average,  not horrible.  The AC wasn't freezing,  but I was comfortable. Bathrooms are small,  not much counter space at all. The double bed look more like twin size, glad I got a king. Room was clean enough. $3 beers at the bar and some cheap food downstairs.
3	Great fun and cheap beer with generally great customer service. It's sad when one persons vibe can ruin your fun especially someone who is suppose to be upbeat and pleasant which I thought this is what bartenders do. I won't throw anyone under the bus but feel management needs to make sure their employees are friendly to everyone because a friendly face really make the experience that much greater. Besides this one Debbie downer Freemont hotel and bar are great.
1	It's a cool place I suppose and if you like room service waking you up at 9 AM to clean, broken vending machines, and cold showers then I have to say look no further! This is the broken down rustic home away from home you've been looking for! You'll absolutely "love" it!
2	No gym. Room wasn't clean. A lot of street noise. But great location.
4	It's definitely a casino that has been a part of Downtown since the start of Fremont St and the decor shows it. It definitely smells like a 50 yr old casino, smoke, musk and all.This is one of our go-tos for drinks if on the Fremont Experience. Sporting $1 pina coladas & margaritas, $2 Coronas & Heineken's & $3 Redbull vodkas. Not sure about the rooms. They have some decent slot machines and a couple of tables for cards , roulette and craps.
3	$6.99 steak and eggs breakfast at Lanai Express from 12AM-7AM....best $6.99 I ever spent for a steak and eggs breakfast! The steak was cooked to perfection! I had it twice during my stay :)
1	This casino is horrible!  I went in with my crippled friend, on the way in we were harassed by a woman who wanted money, she did offer to show her boobs for money but I'd rather pay not to see those, she followed us in and began insulting my friend on his handicap. Once we got to the craps table we informed them of this.  They didn't say or do anything about it.  Then we put some cash down and began playing...I ordered a drink from cocktail waitress and tipped her $5  at that time. The People working there were very rude to me and my friend... so I took my bets down and cashed out but went back to get my drink I ordered, which took like 20 minutes to bring.  The pit boss or floor manager came over with a raised voice and in a aggressive manner. He began to tell me I can't have that drink unless I was playing. I took the drink  responded with I was playing when I ordered this drink but your employees are rude and I cashed out and will be leaving.  The cocktail waitress stood up for me and she was the only pleasant thing about this place. Sonia ( not with a Y ) was her name. She also said " they treat her like shit too " Lol  who would have guessed that.   It was my birthday also. July 22nd baby!!!!! Don't go into this place, there are plenty of other casinos to go to. Where you will be treated the right way!
5	so i have been to vegas a bunch and i have never spent time on fremont st...boy was i missing out !!!! they had a huge show on the overhang..a big digital show in the sky !!!  the food is cheaper and the gambling was cheaper also!!!  i will be spending alot more time on the old strip
1	Fremont hotel is not the place to stay in downtown Las Vegas. I have stayed at Golden Nuggett before (yes I like Old Vegas & am over the strip) and it is a much better hotel for the same price. Fremont is loud, not very clean and charges $10 per 24 hrs for wifi. The AC in the room barely worked but was loud, and the rooms are small for King size.even with a reservation made a week prior we walked in to be told the choices in rooms were limited. There is no pool & the place could use a renovation.Golden Nuggets is the place to stay at in downtown Vegas !!!!
3	Venue:  Fremont Hotel & Casino Decor: Older, old school like CasinoService: FriendlyEnvironment: Older crown, Older peopleFood: N/A (although they had food, I can't speak on it) Prices:  Cheap Gaming, very affordable Debbie Downers:  I didn't win lol j/k (kinda) Conclusion: This venue like other nearby Casinos within that vicinity is old school.  Very Dark, not as open spaced like the newer ones on the strip.  They provide affordable buffets (that I can't directly speak on).  The gaming is cheap like $3 min Blackjack, craps, Roulette, poker and more.  It's pretty much about superstitions & luck as far as if you favor one over the other. Overall: C
2	It's inexpensive and has been updated but it has that "lipstick on a pig" feeling. It still feels old and the whole place smells like cigarette smoke, meat, and Febreze. Pool has no appeal. The gym is a hodgepodge of mismatched cardio equipment. We won't stay here again.
3	I've never stayed here, so this review isn't going to be much about the hotel aspect of things. With that said, I frequently come here to drink... and they have really great drink specials! Being the creature of habit that I can be at times, I always frequent the back bar by the sports book area... thanks to my boyfriend who introduced me to the Fremont's sports bar. :) The bartenders are always friendly.. for the most part. It reminds me of hole-in-the-wall bars that I wpuld go to back home. Not a lot of people or chatting... just add in the sound of the slot machines that surround you. There is a Tony Romas near by and what I believe is a buffet behind the bathroom area (kind of weird). I'm not sure that I'd ever really book a room here having walked around a bit... but I'll definitely continue to use this place as my downtown pre-game spot.
3	It is what is to be expected for a 3-Star hotel.  Staff and people are so nice with a Hawaiian-island-friendliness.  Everyone is "Auntie" or "Uncle"Looks the the hotel has done some nice renovations throughout the casino area, as well as the rooms to give a modem island appeal.Seems they lost the budget when it comes to the bathrooms.  The toilet is so tiny, and is like a urinal from a public restroom with the flush handle one uses their foot to flush.  The caulking job was done poorly with areas that were not wiped away cleanly as if done in a rush.  And the countertop Corian was cut at a strange angle around the already small toilet area, making it even more uncomfortable to use the commode in comfort.Hotel has potential to be a really nice 3-Star hotel, but fell short with the bathroom area.
3	The only reason I've gone to the Fremont is for their drink specials, which I believe are $2 Coronas, Heinekens, margaritas, and shots of Jaeger.  Have out of town guests that don't really fancy Fremont East and their cocktail bars?  The Fremont Hotel is the place to go to get them filled up on cheap alcohol.  I've never stayed here or eaten here, and I doubt that I ever will.  The end.
3	Just came back from a 2 night stay and it was my first time staying in Downtown. Location is great, $2 Coronas, 99c Margaritas, Paradise Buffet, Dunkin Donuts, and Tony Romas  within the hotel. But man, you can hear everything that's going on outside! It's like sleeping with the windows open. Other than that, it's ok. I'm not a big fan of Vegas but I still prefer the nicer hotels on the strip which runs for the same price, if not cheaper.
1	HORRIBLE! customer service bad, room service sucks!My room had no AC, called the service department,  they send a repair 6 hours later while I'm sleeping at 2 am, in the freaking morning.  Then,  he comes back 7am, hello.On top of that I got charged a fee of $154, for a spa fee and what ever fees.  I purchased this hotel From Hawaiian air package who, I found out Hawaiian Air sold it to Orbit. .which they charged a fee that wasn't told to me by Hawaiian until I was at the hotel stuck.  Don't book with Hawaiian package deal,  shouldve gone straight to Orbit...I paid $1967.00, for a shitty room and an air fare, no first class was available or premier seating so this was the lowest flight but I paid top dollars for a piece of shit room!
4	Old Vegas charm with a great location and tons of casino games to choose from. Visit Fremont Street Casino - win or lose you'll still feel like a winner especially if you visit their buffet!
4	Walking around the Fremont Street Experience, dazzled by the lights, sights, and sounds of Old Vegas... I found myself wandering into the Fremont Casino to get my gamble on.  Though I am not much of a gambler (I know.. why even go to Vegas right?) I was enticed by the $3 blackjack they advertised.  I felt comfortable spending what I wanted to here... at a buy in that would make my money last for a while and allow me a decent amount of entertainment before I was broke.In the end I came out even... but I was able to get a good couple of hours worth of play with just $50 or so.  Blackjack is blackjack... but what made this an enjoyable place were the dealers.  Having sat at a few different tables over my visit (not only here but at many other casinos as well), almost all of the dealers here were friendly, personable, and a joy to interact with.  This was not the case at some of the other places and as a newbie to table games, it is not so enjoyable when you have an intimidating dealer staring you down as you add up card totals in your head.  I want to win money... but I also want to have fun doing it.    It is not terribly smoky in here... and the drink girls make their rounds frequently so you are never without something in your cup!I did not stay at the hotel here so I am comment-less regarding that aspect of this establishment.  If though, you are looking for a laid back casino in the Fremont Street area with the option of spending as little as $3 a hand... this is the place for you.  (And this is straight up, $3 bets.  I visited some other places where part of your $3 had to be placed on special side bets that you were far less likely to benefit from.)  Some may ask, what could you really win when spending so little?  A good deal in fact!  My boyfriend left $80 up on our first visit after just a short time!
3	It's ok. The only reason we stopped in was because we were starving and wanted a buffet. The food is plentiful but a couple things could be better.The crab legs were cold..weird..The Cesar salad was an overdressed mess...The dessert should be refreshed more often..On the good side the baked potatoes were delicious and our server was very attentive..I recommend heart attack grill or binions..they have fried twinkies and oreos...
