5	Their FB fan page is what actually brought me in to their salon, can't pass up a good discount. I saw a couple of toe nail designs and I was sold. My toes have never looked cuter and I am getting so many compliments! Love it! My NEW favorite nail salon!
1	Waiting is inevitable, I don't mind waiting 25min for a pedicure but these workers are so damn slow. Took double the time to get a pedicure as I would have anywhere else. And my feet are not disgusting that you need that much time to work on them, I get a pedicure at least every 3-4 wks. Also "cut down your nails" means just that, trim my toenails. It does NOT mean cut so much I start to bleed. I will NEVER come here again.
4	Everyone is right about the wait time. However, I appreciated the time and care that Kim spent on my Mani and pedi. She was very particular about ensuring that I was pleased w the length, shape, and thickness of my nails. The attention to detail is what's lacking within most nail salons now so kudos to this awesome SW Phoenix location that's doing business right.
5	Unlike other fellow Yelpers, I had no wait time. I actually went to this place after just leaving a different shop I had gone to because I was told they didnt do backfills. Sam helped me & did an even better job than the tech from the other shop! I will definitely be returning!
5	I've been going to You Need Nails since I moved to Phoenix. I have been here for about 5 months. I refuse to even try any other nail salon because I enjoy coming here and they do such a great job on my nails every time. They have such a great choice on color and designs. Every nail technician does a wonderful job too, so don't worry about who you get to do the job. Also the Pedicures are on point! I always get the "Spa 2" with the wax. I high suggest trying it. So worth it!!
5	Found this salon on yelp and saw positive reviews about amazing pedicures and I can definitely vouch for that! I don't think my feet/skin have felt so soft after a pedicure. The price is definitely worth the time and effort they put into the service. Will definitely treat myself again!
