5	Cool people working there, fun flavors!  This is going to be a constant stop all summer long!  Next trip I'm going to try a Snow Shake!
5	Totally refreshing, flavorful, mouth watering delights with none of the after taste of artificial flavors.I always order the Mango flavor which is outstanding and my wife orders the sugar-free flavors which change weekly.  We plan to make Rockstar Snowcones our summer 'Cool-down' zone!
5	I'm a man of few words- Insane flavor options with endless combinations and plenty of toppings. I haven't been to any other snow cone stand since we found this one. The entire staff has always been super friendly and quick to help you decide on a flavor.  I recommend following them on Facebook as well cuz they always have fun little ways to get free stuff!
4	My friend had been talking about this place for a while, so we finally got the chance to meet up for a snow cone. They are located in the back corner of a parking lot, just behind the Shell gas station on Eastern and Sunridge Heights. Service was friendly and they offered us up as many samples as we wanted to try before committing to a flavor. I was initially interested in trying the caramel corn flavor but it was a little too sweet for me, so I opted for a fruitier option with grapefruit and added sour spray to make it a little tangier. My friend Sam opted for pear and we were both incredibly pleased with our snowcones. They were a little on the sweet side, but I think that was mostly due to them having used a little too much flavoring on the kid's size. I'll have to try a larger size next time and I'm really interested in trying their freckled frog next time for a zero calorie option that is lemon juice, salt and chile limon. According to their web site none of their flavors are made with high fructose corn syrup. Also, make sure to check out their Facebook page for specials and double punch stamp days.
4	I stop by here on a whim! I was in the mood for an Icee and thought what the heck, let me try this place out! I was pleasantly surprised with the whole product. I like that the "snow cone" was in a cup vs a cone so I could drive home without holding it! I liked that the ice was finely shaven and not chunky.  I ordered a cherry flavored one and thought that the ice flavor ratio was spot on and the flavor lasted through the whole drink. It was nice that they offered a spoon & a straw as well. My only issue I had was that it was  $4 for a large. I could've got 2 large Icee's for that price but I figure that I'm helping out a local business and the quality was much better! I'll check this place out again in the future!
5	I love this family run, community friendly business. The people are great, they have a ton of different flavor options and the snow cones are perfect on a hot afternoon.  I've already earned a couple free snow cones with their frequent customer card(I'm slightly addicted ;-)
5	Definately the best shaved ice around! Ice is perfect texture, flavors are amazing and true ! Blue raspberry and Georgia peach is seriously a party in your mouth! I just came back from Hawaii and tried the famous Matsumoto's, it was great, but Rockstar is better!! If you want a great shaved ice, go see the nice folks at Rockstar!!
5	Yum!!  I love supporting local businesses, and this place will definitely get my business.  I love the variety of flavors and the parking lot that it is in, isn't busy so kids can usually run around a little.
