5	Our Son attended Las Vegas Day School for 3 years (Middle School).  He recently graduated and I am now getting around to writing the review.  This review is for the Middle School only.I can't sing enough praises for this school, I will try to break it down as best as I can:PROS- Strong academic program.  They challenge the students and prepare them well for High School.  Our Son is in Spanish 2 as a Freshman in High School because of their program.  He was also able to get into all of the top classes with ease because of the program at LVDS.  The academic rigor here is high....if you don't want your kids to have a lot of homework, then this is not the school for them.  They will challenge your child and teach them how to succeed.- Caring teachers & administrators.  They really care about the students here.  We were very involved with our Son's education and met frequently with his teachers and counselors.  They knew him by name and truly cared about his well being and progress.- Beautiful, new facility.  They built a new Middle School building which opened in Fall of 2009.  It's a state of the art building with large classrooms.- Tradition.  The school has been around for decades and is one of the most respected schools in Las Vegas.  When your child attends this school, it gives them an edge for admission into other great schools.- Discipline.  They teach and guide the students to learn how to become academically disciplined and socially respectful.- Small class size.  They keep the class size to around 25 students.- Money isn't a factor.  Everyone pays the same tuition here and monetary donations are NOT accepted.  This means that a wealthy family cannot influence the school in any way.  The other great thing is that they don't require parents to fundraise or pay fees for their children's activities.  Unless it's an optional activity that's not part of their core activities, you won't have to pay a fee for participation.- Safety.  They provide a high level of security in the playground and office buildings.  They don't allow strangers or parents to walk on campus without proper approval.  Since the school also has Pre-school through 5th Grade, this is very important.  We always felt like our Son was safe at school and there were never any incidences for concern over the 3 years he attended.CONS- None......seriously, I couldn't think of one.Will I return?  We only have one child, but if we had a younger child, we would send him/her to this school.  If you would like more info or insight, feel free to send me a private message, I will be more than happy to give you more perspective.
3	This is a fabulous school. The teachers really care, they are genuine and loving. The school is a bit expensive. The children seem to value money more than they do morals. I would recommend sending your child to this school if you could afford to do so simply because they push the children hard and they are very strict about behavior. They offer lots of after school activities and they seem to be working one full grade level above the public schools. I would suggest though for the parents who do send their children here: teach your children the value of money and teach them about what is important in life. Teach them empathy, loyalty, compassion and love. That is the parents job any way and children will not be likely to learn those at this school.
5	This is only our second year at the the school but so far I think its FABULOUS.  They really push the kids at a young age to be independent and responsible.  The curriculum is much more advanaced then what my child's peers are doing in public schools.  There are lots of extracurricular activities which I think are essential for a well rounded child!
5	Most amazing school! Teachers care... Staff is amazing & professional.... The level of care is incomparable to any other school in NV... Have 2 kids here. Blessed! Highly reccomend. My kid absolutely love school!!
