4	It's a mini-mart gas station. The staff is always polite, and I usually find what I'm looking for when I go inside.
5	Super nice people who work here.  Really cool, nice folks...very personable.  They don't act like unhappy retail robots.  lolUsually super quick with the occasional long long line, but overall, great experience here.  Also, their gas pumps are never busted, out of order, etc...  Rare, in my experience, to find that.Parking lot is rather dangerous the way it's laid out, so just be super careful.
4	Polite staff.  Has fuel.  Inside its amazing for a small corner store all the grocery and non food items it has.
4	This GVG location is fantastic.  It has all you could need from a small "7-11" style gas station / food mart location.  The staff is very friendly and professional.  They are always in-stock on all of the essential items that people normally run into a Green Valley Grocery to get.  Gas is slightly higher priced than other gas stations in the area, but, it's convenience makes it fine in a pinch. It's a nice place and will continue to go there for the foreseeable future.
5	It's nice here. Nice people and clean. If you want something fast then go here. I live close by and walk there sometimes with my friend because it's quick and easy.
4	I like the location, there's no where else to grab a soda ou there. They just got one of those touch screen soda machines...but I miss my crushed ice!!! I hate cubed ice. I have to say, the service is inconsistent. I have litterally checked out while the cashier was talking on his cell phone. I have stood in a 10 person line of 1 cashier and the other employees off doing who knows what. I have also gone in and out with pleasant, quick service.
4	Bathrooms: 5 starsClean, and smelled fresh with everything fully stocked. Toilet seat covers are provided.Merchandise: 5 starsLarge cooler sections, and coke-cola on fountain with the new flavor mixing machine. The one that has 100's of combinationsStaff: 5 starsVery friendly and neat in appearance, they take pride in their store and its regular customers.Car Maintenance: 3 StarsNo lube station or Car Wash, but a small selection inside of emergency car related items.Overall: 4 starsI will use this station, but it could use more car related amenities.
