5	I have been here several times. They are very nice and i never leave with questions. They explain everything clearly and have never had to keep my car more than one night.
5	They do a super job.  They aren't the most inexpensive out there, but they never over fix!  Jeff in the.office is patient and helpful.  I highly recommend them!
5	Great service and best prices. Always satisfied!
5	I first started going to C&S when they were referred by a friend a couple of years ago. My first experience was one I'll never forget. One night driving home from work, my engine sputtered and cut off while driving 70mph on the interstate. Pulled off and looked under the hood to find that my timing belt had worn out and popped off. I had the car towed to my apartment and called Acura. Before even looking at the car, Acura estimated $800 minimum. As a poor college student, I decided to take my chances with my friends recommendation. Long story short, only $230 later I was back on the road. I was thoroughly relieved.The enitre process was very professional, and even though I knew what was going to be the extent of this repair ahead of time, they explained their work thoroughly. It has been roughly 6 years since then and I've ALWAYS been treated like a valued customer. It is hard to trust mechanics, but these guys make it easy to do so. The shop isn't much, and can be easily missed from HWY 49, but the service/ customer service absolutely makes up for it.
3	Good guys but far from cheap.  I don't look for the most inexpensive places but the cost of my repair would have been cheaper at the dealer and nothing is cheaper at the dealer.
5	The guys at C & S are great. I have been going to them for several years now and always come away knowing my car is good to go until next service. Steve always lets me know of any problems which need attention now and then if there is some service I need down the road. I have a older vehicle and they keep it going. Would recommend them highly.
1	I took my car for  an inspection after just moving to Hburg and looking for a new mechanic. The guy behind the counter barely spoke and the one who performed my inspection came out after 20 mins to let me know I would need to purchase new windshield wipers from them to pass. Of course I was between a rock and a hard place, having to pay either way at this point. My wipers were the expensive brand and rarely used btw. So I bought theirs paying $22 which ended up being super cheap and do not work. Very disappointed and will not be going back. No wonder I never see cars in their parking lot.
2	Ehhhh...the staff here wasn't the friendliest toward me. However, the guy at the front was super friendly to an older lady who was here the same time as me... Not to sure what that was about... I only came to get 1 new tire. I had to wait a while because they don't keep a stock of tires. As far as location, it was convenient for me because I didn't want to drive all over town on a spare tire. I eventually had my tire changed, and was satisfied with the job. However, I don't think I will be coming back. I would rather pay more money and be treated like an important customer.
