4	Been here a few times now. Honestly I typically write off most bike stores as places where, not gonna sugar coat it, lots of those douchey hardcore road bikers hang out and work. (You know, the ones that don't wave when they pass another cyclist on the road. Yeah those guys.) But when you give the people the idea that you're a true cyclist and that you at least care about the subject material, they can be surprisingly quite helpful and friendly.The first time I came in here one clerk talked and talked about all the local area rides, races and such and you could tell he was a true lover of cycling. He was good for filling my friend and I in on whatever we needed to know. We aren't hardcore road cyclists but we build our own bikes and he was great with helping us find out about parts and accessories. Another time I came in to buy a freewheel cog and even though they didn't know exactly what I was looking for, they pulled down a box of unusual things and let me dig through it.Depending on what you get the prices can be okay, but generally speaking, and as it is a TREK store, the prices are gonna be quite high even when compared to more modest (less flaunting) bike shops. So in terms of staff friendliness and helpfulness, this place definitely wins out.
5	Top line: non-pretentious bike shop full of people that want to convert you to a bike addict!I have been here many times, in fact bought a few bikes here.  In addition to bikes, this is also the place where I take all of my bikes to get serviced.  Salespeople are knowledge, kind, don't hate you if you don't buy an expensive bike, and just overall are good people to work with.  Bike shop here is a little expensive, but nothing crazy.  For me, the comfort of knowing they won't over-charge you, plus the knowledge they have about cycles, makes it a great place to get a bike serviced.Bottom Line: if you are considering getting a bike, do your self a favor and check this place out.
5	I just want to say that the customer service from this store is excellent!  I want to thank Mike Kelly for helping me out with the speed concept stem I purchased over the phone in July  and needing it at the 11th hour!  You rock, Mike!!!JohnHuntington Beach, California
