4	Now you have another excuse to go Changing Hands and Traders Joe's in South Tempe.  Classic Italian Pizza has opened in a new and improved location after being closed for about a year. Same owner and same great thin crust wood fired pizza with really fresh authentic ingredients such as the Diavolo with fresh garlic.  For the moment, they are only open for dinner.  Pizzeria Bianco remains my favorite but Classic Italian is in my neighborhood.  Be warned, the owner has a strong following so they could be very busy as the word gets out.If you are shut out or can't wait, Miele's Italian is across the street in next to Fry's and they have a tasty white pizza.
3	I have lived in this area of Tempe for a very long time. Classic Italian Pizza has been around for many years with a new location at Guadalupe and McClintock. When it first opened at Rural and Baseline, the pizza was crispy, well seasoned and delish. Maybe a new owner took over or they changed the recipe, but it changed to a less yummy, blander version of pizza. The restaurant does have its followers and the restaurant stayed open long past the rest of the businesses in the shopping center. They have finally found a new home. The interior of the new place is well done with a good selection of wines and craft beers. We tried the pizza again and found that despite the move, the pizza is the same. Somehow, the crust tastes kind of bland-- lacking a yeasty, bread-y flavor. Maybe more like a lahvosh or flatbread. Some salt or olive oil in the dough might help. Sauces are painted on and the cheese is minimal. Toppings are well done and tasty.I have been to Italy and this is not really classic Italian pizza. Crusts in Italy are thin but have a great flavor that this crust lacks. A 12" pizza of little heft will set you back $11-$15. If you like their pizza in the past, you will not be disappointed. But I just can't get past the boring crust. An OK experience, if a bit pricey.
3	I was excited to see Classic Italian's return to Tempe and even more excited to see that they were at my favorite intersection -- so many great businesses right here.Went in yesterday with my mom for happy hour. Sounded like they had some great specials ($5 off pizza, $4 off apps, $3 off wine, $2 off beer).Like the old location, I think the prices on their pizzas are still high. Although the happy hour price makes it more reasonable -- I'd probably be more likely to come back for happy hour vs dinner. Pizza's good, but there are other places in the valley with better pizza at a better price.
2	This could quite possibly be one of the hardest reviews I have ever had to write, then again, I don't write very many reviews. My main reason for doing so is in hopes that Began will take this information and apply it for the good. I have loved C.I.P. since the old location. We went as often as we could to enjoy great pizza and an always changing and delightful wine list. I think a lot has changed since the old place, even before it closed we noticed things beginning to sour.Again, I had high hopes for the new location. Finally, something good in Southern Tempe! With those words I will say, it's probably one of the best places to eat in the neighborhood. Considering the competition, that's no major feat. For some bizarre reason this area is plagued with mediocre eateries and sub par cuisine. C.I.P. is just a part of that race now.The wine list is delightful. I will get that out of the way. He has always taken pride in his wine choices, and that still shines. The service is great! Some familiar faces from the last place, and some new ones. Everybody was attentive and charming.The food is nothing to cheer about. I have been for lunch and dinner. Both times I have seriously been let down. Maybe my expectations were too high, but considering the quality of food that came out of the other kitchen 2 years ago, I think my expectations are justified. I say 2 years because that is about when we saw C.I.P. starting to lose it's grip. The crust is nothing like the crust used to be. You once could taste the effort, the love and patience that went into making it every day. That is just gone. This directly affects the bread appetizer as well. The Aglio Olio is completely different now. It used to be bright and clear with minced jalepeno's. I could drink that stuff! Now it's dark with sliced jalepeno's. Just not the same thing. The pizza was flawed by the dough from the first bite. The ingredients seem like the same stuff you can get from a major grocer. It lacked freshness and punch.We had the asparagus and prosciutto app for lunch today. Again, store bought veggies and the prosciutto seemed lower level. Considering the portion size, I expected more. My sandwich had no flavor, yet was thankfully crisp unlike the pie. Worst of all, the side of chips was a bowl of regular Lay's style potato chips. I have worked for a chef who would only fry her own chips, in any situation. It makes all the difference in the world. That sort of little detail. And for the price you pay at C.I.P, those little details should be everywhere.Maybe I'm a dick, or a food snob. Maybe. But I know good food, and I know what Began is capable of. I've loved it. I've spent days anticipating a visit to his restaurant so I could sit down and enjoy myself beyond belief.  Those were the days when you walked in and he was covered in flour, sweating, hair messed with a smile on his face welcoming you to sit down and enjoy his creations. He has since cleaned up a bit, and good for him. I wish C.I.P. nothing but the best.Again, one of the hardest reviews I have ever had to write......but I gotta call it like I see it. If it ain't broke. Don't fix it.
2	The pizza is not like it was in the past from the old place-- really different, and sadly, just not good. Crust is too soft and bland. Same for the bread app. And the jalepeno bread app that used to be my favorite is completely different now...bread too soft and the dipping oil with jalapeno and garlic in pumpkin oil was made differently and really did not taste good at all. Not the same as it used to be. Not sure why they are changing the recipes but it's not a good direction!  I'm not sure if they are still getting to know the oven or what, but it is not the pizza I remembered at all.  I was really disappointed, especially since I was looking forward to the re-opening and had liked their pizza in the past.The caprese salad was very disappointing with pale red store bought beefstake type of tomatoes that were not fresh or red or ripe. This simple salad could be SO great with just using ripe, fresh, red tomatoes and good quality fresh mozzarella. Again, it used to be better in old place.The attention to detail in sourcing natural, organic wines is great and should also extend to the food.... if they would source fresh, locally grown, better tasting vegetables it would make such a difference!  Go back to the old recipes from the last place when it comes to the pizza and the crust and use fresher, local, organic veggies and I'd come back and try again.
4	I had heard this establishment was coming to the Trader Joe's and Changing Hand's shopping center so I was excited to see it had opened when I went to do my monthly TJ shopping this weekend and decided to give it a try.First, great decor and friendly staff. I sat right at the bar and was glad to see a number of local beers on tap. I ordered a Hopshock IPA and it was served on a wonderfully frosty beer glass, perfect for the summer! In addition, I went for the classic, the Margherita piiza ($9) and added the Proscuitto for $3 more.I like that you can see them backing the pizza from the dining area and it is a wood fired oven. Interesting that they add the basil fresh chopped on top versus baking it with the cheese and sauce and it did add a nice fresh, herb taste to the overall pizza.I've never been to the old location and have nothing to compare it to and for me, this establishment is a nice addition  to the overall area. I can certainly see myself going back again for lunch on a weekend and for me, extremely convenient location as it is near so many other great places in this shopping center.
5	I went with a friend of mine who is a big fan of Classic Italian Pizza and he didn't disappoint me.The place is clean and beautiful, the service is great and the food is also pretty good.The asparagus with prociuto were delicious and the pizza was pretty good.I don't know about the prices since I was invited.The place was pretty busy and the random fact is that I crossed paths with some friends that are food aficionados, which make sense since this places is great!i will go back soon for sure.Cheers
3	Ok, so I know good pizza. I am from the East Coast and NJ/NY restaurants know how to make an awesome pizza. This pizza was edible. As some people have mentioned before me, the crust is not flavorful at all.I was hoping to be have an awesome experience at this place due to the previous reviews, but I was disappointed. The only exciting thing about this place was the waitress, I cannot remember her name, but she was awesome and sweet and knew her stuff. Also, the Peroni beer on tap. Who has that beer on tap here in Arizona? Classic Italian does. I do not think that I will be back!!
3	I hate to be like this, but this new place just isn't as good as the old.  Their pizza used to be much better; especially the crust.  I can't put my finger on it but something is just different and not in a good way.  The prices have always been on the high side for pizza but it was always worth it.  Not anymore.I am almost never in Tempe so when I knew I would be for the day, I wanted to have this pizza.  I didn't even know they moved until I saw it here on Yelp.  I knew the shopping center where the place is now located so I knew just where to go.  However, it ticked me off that it was a pain in the ass to find because there was nothing that said "Classic Italian Pizza" anywhere on their exterior sign OR anywhere in the actual restaurant.  Upon finding then entering the place I almost had to ask if I was in right place.Anyway, the service was excellent but I don't think I'll be back because the pizza wasn't go-out-of-your-way good enough.
1	We decided to stop in for dinner hearing great things about the old location. We were surprised at the overpriced menu and should have gotten up and left but decided to try it. The place was slow and server still did not get order correct which was just a pizza with pepperoni and ricotta cheese. My husband had the sausage and mushroom and neither of us was impressed considering for two pizzas and an iced tea it was $38 plus tip. We will definitely not be going back!
4	Fresh ingredients, tasty pizza. Very impressed.I never went to the old location, so I don't have a frame of reference, but the new Classic Italian gets a recommendation from me. The service was prompt, and everything tasted great. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	Great pizza and drinks. Better than getting standard pizza, like Venezias, but not as good as Cibo. Location near my home make it an easy place to go for me. Been twice, and had great experiences both times. Late night happy hour looked great, so I want to come back and try that. Overall, nothing groundbreaking, but if you're in the neighborhood it's a great place!
3	I had been to their previous location some time ago and really enjoyed the pizza and wine. I was excited that they relocated to their new home near trader joes as a frequent this shopping plaza at least once a week. My wife and I had dinner there last night and I must say, I did enjoy the food, wine, service, and the new decor, however, our bill came to $60 (with tip) and I just felt the meal was not worth that much. The salads were mediocre, you basically get fairly decent size bowl of romaine lettuce with a few veggies. Dressing was pretty good. The pizza was good, but I seem to remember it tasting better in the old location (see Byron Cs review). Our favorite pizza is Florencias and we typically spend less there. I could even argue, the more casual Velencia's pizza stacks up to this pizza and it is a way better value.
4	Same great pizza, different location!Business seems to be picking up at the new location, with its proximity to Trader Joe's and Turnstyle. We've been here a few times, both for dinner and for late night reverse happy hour (Discounted drinks, pizza, and appetizers). The pizza has been consistently good, with a light, thin crisp crust, just the right amount of toppings. The pizza combinations we've tried have been excellent. Service is also consistent, with cheerful, attentive friendly servers.
2	We ordered the $10  8" Italian sausage pizza, $8.00 Aglio Olio (Bread) with a small side of their tomato sauce.  This was my first visit  since they re-opened.  The pizza was not as good, the bread was just OK, but the tomato sauce was not even half as good as it used to be in their old location.  The "Extra Sauce " we ordered was ~2oz  and they charged $3.50.  The iced tea was only refilled once and they service was slow despite there only being a few people in the restaurant.  $11.50 for bread and ~3.5 ounces of sauce.  I was going to order a salad, but they only had 8, 9 or 10 dollar salads.  The rent must be very high in this strip mall for them to charge so much for so little.    Overall I was very disappointing.  I was a customer for ~1 year prior to the old shop closing and it was much better.
1	I hate writing negative reviews of local restaurants, but this establishment left me no other option.Our waiter was terse, inaccurate, inattentive, and disappeared for long periods of time after we requested items from him. At one point, I had to get up to ask the hostess to get sweetener and straws for our table because our waiter disappeared for 10 minutes after we requested the same items from him.I ended up splitting a pizza with my friend and it was decent. They have some delicious prosciutto, which was about the only positive aspect of the meal. We ended up paying $20 for a half greek/half greek with prosciutto pizza on thin crust. Insanely expensive for the quality and quantity of food. Also, for an Italian joint, they had a pretty sad looking wine list. Unfortunately, due to my horrible experience with the wait staff coupled with the overpriced menu, I will not be returning to Classic Italian Pizza.
5	My favorite pizza is back and as good as ever!  Began's is bigger, which means less waiting for the best pizza and tiramisu in NA!  Not to ignore the excellent appetizers, salads, wine list or Karlovacho beer!  They're all wonderful as is the friendly and attentive service.
5	Delicious pizza and very eclectic European beers. They also have good wine and sangria. Try the bread bites they are a little bit of heaven with the pasta sauce they come with. Oven-fired pizza at its best.
5	Really good happy hour prices and loved the pizza and beer!
1	Some of the absolute WORST pizza I've ever had. I hate writing negative reviews, but this place was a true disappointment. My friends and I were at Changing Hands amd hadn't really eaten all day so decided to try this pizza. The pizza was flavorless, zero sauce, it looked unappealing and unappetizing. We expressed our concerns to our waiter, and he seemed to not really care. We ended up having to take our payment up to the bar ourselves. I love and adore pizza, and this place makes pizza look like trash. Want real pizza? Go to Spinato's.
1	This is the most disappointing dining experience I've had in a very, very long time. Two of my friends that dined with me this evening are also leaving reviews, as it was blaringly clear to not only myself, but to them as well, how bad the food AND service were at this establishment. This pizza is truly awful and ridiculously over priced. I was literally shocked at the sad appearance of the pizza when it was placed on the table, especially because it took a so long to arrive (we were there on a Monday with only 2 other small parties in the restaurant, one of which had already eaten) . The toppings looked wilted and old and the first thing I thought was "that doesn't look right..." when it arrived. There is little to no sauce on this pizza--so it's probably not surprising that they charge a ridiculous 4 dollars for a small ramekin of sauce, which also took about 10 minutes to arrive at the table, after we requested it after our pizza arrived when  we realized there was essentially no sauce on it. 16 dollars for a 12 inch, thin, sauceless, wilted topping pizza! I really can't get over their audacity for charging that much for such a poor product. I'm not being hyperbolic when I say a 3 dollar frozen pizza would have been more satisfying.The service was slow an inattentive. We had to ask twice for water and had to hunt down our server to pay our bill.I'm baffled at the reviews that gave this pizza and place 5 stars. This eating experience left me unsatisfied, bummed out, and truly mad about the waste of money. Please. Go elsewhere.
5	This is our favorite pizza in Arizona.  The atmosphere was great, my wine was yummy, service was great, and the pizza was fresh and tasty.  We can't wait to bring our family here when they visit- plus it's walking distance from home, so we can drink all the wine we want!  Bravo to Classic Italian Pizza!
5	Best pizza and drinks around!   Thank you for re-opening and look forward to seeing you in February.
3	Good food but wont go back as I don't like the beer they have.  They need Coors Light, or Bud Light etc.
1	This was super disappointing. After being told by friends this place was good, we had a Caprese salad which is not very appetizing and then a four seasons Pizza where it was clear that all of the vegetables came out of cans and had virtually no flavor . It was almost no mozzarella cheese on the pizza and the tomatoes were watery and unripe. All in all very disappointing.
