5	You ready for this.  I am a MAN and I think this place is amazing!!  I got gifts (shoulder bag) here for my wife's sister and then my wife got a ton of things (boots, dresses, jewelry).  The clothes and accessories are really unique and inexpensive.  What a nice rare find in a city where shopping is really sad.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Now I love to shop...and I especially love to shop for cute trendy clothes at relatively inexpensive prices. For that kind of experience, the Ivy & Leo store in Founder's Hall is perfect. They have trendy jewelry, purses, clothes, and shoes that are great for going out or casual jaunts around the city. If you work uptown, it's very convenient when you need a little retail therapy at lunch.I've purchased five dresses, a clutch, and multiple jewelry items (for myself and as gifts) and received rave reviews. The staff is very helpful and attentive without being overbearing. Be sure to go back often as the inventory turns over quickly and they only have so many in each size of each item.Two minor things to note - there are only two changing rooms to try on items, and if you don't work uptown, parking could get tricky. Suggestion is to go at an off-peak time (right when it opens or mid-afternoon), and if you don't want to worry about uptown parking, try out the Southpark location. Great place for gifts or to treat yourself. I'm a huge fan of Ivy & Leo's!
5	LOVE..LOVE..LOVE this store! Cute clothes at a great price and they're always having sales.So many people ask me where I get my cute dresses and tops and I tell them Ivy and Leo!The staff is always nice and helpful too giving you their honest opinion about how something looks or fits.One word...AWESOME!!
4	I love to pop in here and check the latest trendy styles.  This store has clothes and shoes for women only.  They have the latest trends in jackets, tops, dresses, skirts as well as basics such as camis and belts.  The jewerly section has a lot of variety.  It reminds me of Express jewelry section.... some of it is over-priced but most of it is reasonable and fun.  The tops and skirts run 20-80 or so, depends on the item.  The coats are really reasonable and there is always a lot to choose from especially this time of year.  One thing to note is that they do store credit or exchange for returns.  But they are partnered with Julies so you can go to either store in case you need more selection.  Love it!  :-D
3	This is one of the few times when I don't want to rate a place by using the star scale.  Truthfully, I would rate this store something different every time I visit.  Here's the deal, it is no doubt a cute, fun, trendy shop and it is a great alternative to the mall and some of the other mainstream locations...BUT I think you have to be a certain size and able to wear a certain style to really shop here for the most part.  That may be because I am 5'll so I always seem to have that issue but overall I think this boutique best fits a more "petite" woman! I do love the dresses in their summer collection and I have a couple that I pretty much lived in this year but some of their items are a little on the tacky side.  They are a sister to the store "Julies" and I don't know if any of you remember Julies but it used to be at Carolina Place Mall.  It was somewhat cool at first but then it turned into more of a dress barn type store...tacky and frumpy.  I see glimpses of Julies in Ivey and Leo from time to time.  It is as if Julie is their ugly stepsister that they try to keep hidden but she surfaces every now and again.   I also think it is slightly hit or miss, although, most boutiques are.  I was in there a couple times during Christmas break and there was a very limited selection...even with the jewelry.  There are times when I walk in and try on 20 things and other times that I walk out in 5 minutes because I find everything to be brutal.   Even though I have gone back and forth about this place, I do like it here and I will always make it a part of my shopping routine.  For the most part they have great accessories and at least one or two fun items to try on.  Another plus is that they are pretty affordable and the quality is good for the price!  It is definitely worth stopping by...if you don't find anything you like, try back in a couple months because you may have a different experience!  :)
2	On the way back and forth from the Ritz and the Bank of America Corporate Center I walked past Ivy & Leo for a few days and loved what I saw in the windows. It is usually closed when I walk past so I made a plan to come by during my lunch break to check it out. The boutique has a lot of beautiful clothes and accessories for women. The accessories range for $10-$60 and the clothes may have been a little overpriced for my penny-pinching self. I found a dress that I currently own for $35 when I got it for $20 in NY. There were a couple of pieces from Forever Twenty-One that I know is half the price in Dallas. I also found that their t-shirts are the same ones that I can find at Marshalls for $5. I actually own a few of the same t-shirts. It is a fairly small boutique but has really cute stuff. I've been eyeing a couple of bags and scarves but since I'm so frugal and know I can find it cheaper in Dallas I didn't buy anything. Plus, I brought only a carry-on and my laptop bag. I may not have room in my luggage if I went on a shopping spree.
4	I like Ivy & Leo for what it is: trendy and relatively inexpensive. Not only that, but they have a lot of good staple items, like soft long sleeve tees, bandeaus, tights, and fleece lined leggings--everything in lots of colors. Every once in a while I'll buy a trendy shirt or skirt for around $30-$40, not too bad. Don't expect tons of help from the staff though. Oh yes and like someone mentioned, they don't do refunds, just store credit.
4	So, this is my first time in Charlotte. I'm staying Uptown and have been on a mission to check out local boutiques for my blog. The other day was especially pressing though, since it was New Years Eve and I didn't pack anything to wear. Although I plan to head to the mall later today, I wanted to check out any local boutiques I could this morning to pass the time. On a mission for a little black- or white- dress, I finally found Ivy & Leo after roaming the streets confused, lost, and finally entering a large financial institution only to discover a little mall area of shops. That was a surprise!Ivy & Leo is a great boutique with brands I recognize (Ya Los Angeles, for one) and even better prices. The variety of colorful tops, fleece lined leggings, camis and accessories grace the store in combination with detailed sweaters, shoes, outerwear and dresses. It's definitely a one stop shopping experience. Also, most of the store was 30% off!I have been back since my first shopping experience (I got a long brownish top, leggings and a little black dress on round 1) to get more tops for my Charlotte stay. It looks like I will be here for a while, so I'm excited Ivy & Leo is here and super close to where I'll be staying.
4	The store off of Diversey is the best out of them all - the workers there are sure to get to know you by name and start conversation making you feel right at home, without the added pressure of making the sale. I will continuously go to this store, even if I move out of the area, because I feel like I have made wonderful fashion-forward friends!
