3	I came in here really wanting to like this place. As noted in my review of Wings Express, my love for the chicken wing is strong, and this place does have some qualities that Wings Express lacks (it's open late, it's clean, they sell beer, and it's a whole lot less scary looking), but I was sorely disappointed.I felt like I got nickled and dimed. Instead of a dozen (the standard unit of measure for chicken wings) for about $6, you get 10. Then you pay a little extra for carrots and celery. Then you pay a little more for ranch or blue cheese dressing. This is wrong. You don't go to a burger joint and buy a hamburger, then pay a little more for the buns and then a little more for ketchup, it's a standard package deal.  Also, it can't be more than a week or two since this place opened, and the employee at the register was already looking jaded. Who wants to be at a place like that?It actually tasted pretty good, better than average, but not nearly good enough to choose over Wings Express.
4	Other than barbeque there is nothing that has caused so many to claim that they are the best as with chicken wings. I can not resist a good chicken wing and this place does a great job of making some of the best. With tons of flavors to choose from you do yourself a disservice by not trying this place if you call yourself a true wing lover. Meaty with skin that is crispy, not rubbery like some places ( the streets of new york, domino's) these little birds were made to fly right into my mouth ( yes I know it is the wing not the whole bird lol). I used to go there twice a month to get their bourbon beans,potato wedges, and a monster variety pack of wings when I would go to a friends house for Sunday afternoon football on TV. Everything always tasted so good and there would be nothing left over. The only real problem I have with this place is with the long wait time. I mean come on these people are making wings not painting the Mona Lisa! LOL seriously 20 minutes for 12 little wings? Not cool! Now I know things take time to cook but with a fryer at 350 it should take no more than a few minutes to  get my order ready to go. To save time I now call in my order and by the time I pull in everything is ready to go. Problem solved . Now let's eat! Who has the blue cheese? LOL
1	I placed an online order on 1-22-11 at approximately 8:45PM and was assigned a pick up time of 9:16PM. I arrived at the location and was told that my order had not been started because the employees forgot to check the fax for an online order. There was another customer there who called in her order, arrived 30 minutes after the call and they still had not started preparing her food and she was being ignored as well. It was not busy, when I arrived, the manager was leaning against a broom talking on her cell phone. The employees were just milling around and no food was being prepared. Additionally there were only 3 tables of customers who were all eating, thus no reason why food should be delayed.  Once I realized it would be another 30 minutes before they could even get to my order I asked for a refund and was refused. I asked 2 additional times for a refund and was refused again by the manager (who is the owner's wife). She did not speak English (per her employees) and because I am African American assumed that I didn't speak Spanish. She proceeded to use racist and derogatory language regarding me and my request to her employees and in ear shot of the restaurant patrons. She referred to me using the slang for whore, fat pig, and the Spanish slang for the N----- word. I continued to request a refund at which time she called the owner Jose Arriola who informed me that I was not getting a refund nor was I getting my food order and even if I called GOD it wouldn't help the situation.I repeated my request for a refund while repeating back his statements for clarification. While I was speaking Jose ended the call by hanging up in my face. Once he ended the call, I asked the female manager? again for a refund. By this time I have been in the restaurant for over 40 minutes. I was told by an employee that Jose was on his way to speak to me in person and to resolve the matter. Within 5 minutes Jose arrived and started a conversation with a friend of his for an additional 30 minutes. I was told in confidence by one of the employees that he was stalling on purpose in hopes that I would either leave without my money or food, or I would cause a scene which would give him reason to call the police.I remained calm and continued to ask at 2 minute intervals for a refund. Finally Jose came to the counter and stated that I would get a refund via online and that he cannot and will not issue a refund in person. I requested something in writing that he agrees to process a refund and that the refund would be placed on my credit card by Monday. He provided me with an incomplete sentence on my receipt stating "Refund order because of ASAP" with his signature. My fear is that he is in fact not going to refund my money and will claim that I received my order. At this point I have filed a complaint with the Arizona AG's office and I am contacting my bank tomorrow (thankfully they are open on Sundays) to begin fraud proceedings. Needless to say I am NEVER eating at another Wingstop anywhere in the world and will encourage others to never eat there again. Beware if you go to the Wingstop on Dobson in Mesa, you may not get your food and you DEFINITELY will not get a refund.
3	We will usually drop $25 here for two of us. The wings are pretty good and they have lots of varieties. The fries and veggie sticks are good. It's kinda pricey and this isn't somewhere I would eat often.
4	wings place.  good wings, sports on tv.  i like the spicy flavors.  not so much the parmesan ones, they taste a little too funky :)the staff that works here are pretty good and they will be happy to remind you that you are ordering boneless or with bone combos, just so you won't feel cheated when the bones are missing or are in there :)
4	At work, this place is an institution with one of the guys. To the point that every Thursday is now known as WINGSDAY and we MUST go to Wingstop. There is no other option. In fact, the manager (?owner?) doesn't even need to take his order. All he says is "I'll have my usual," and it's done.Now that's service. It's not extravagant or over done, but it's a solid wings place. Good food, filled with business types and ESPN. It's everything you need to wings, lunch and men! { and a few token chicks }
2	I always had good experiences with the location in Tucson but I was just not feeling the grub we picked up from here. Maybe it was the fact they messed up our order? Yes, this could be a big reason but also they lacked in heat (temp) and just didn't really do all that much for my taste buds.maybe it was a dud pack I ordered??The positive: the celery and carrot sticks were on point
3	Typically, I try to avoid wings these days. I'm older, and my body just doesn't react the same as it used to when I was younger.But, tonight was special. It was my dinner break, and they were the closest and most cost effective place to catch the NFL season opener!I walked in, and there was NOBODY there outside of the employees. Being my first time in a Wingstop, I know I had that "deer in the headlights" look on my face. Unfortunately, the young lady working the counter didn't notice that I might need some help, because she was counting down her cash register so she could go home.Now, I'm relatively bright, and I'm extremely literate, so I figured out what I wanted after a little searching...though, I would have been open to suggestions instead of standing there for five minutes trying to decide what sounded the most palatable.I ended up getting the 10 wing bone-in meal with fries and a drink for about $11. I opted for the regular "Hot" flavored wings, though they did have a decent variety from which to choose if you think you have the gastrointestinal fortitude to palate them. Speaking from former decisions with crazily spiced wings, I do NOT recommend anything rated higher than good 'ol "hot".The wings and fries came out as quickly as could be expected. The wings themselves weren't bad. The "hot"was an excellent choice. Not too spicy, not too bland...just right for my liking. The fries, though...they were a different story. There were three different levels of french fries in my basket:1) Just Right2) Uncooked3) Burnt to a CrispOn top of the inconsistency with the fries, they were WAY over salted...almost to the point of not being edible.The only saving grace for this place was the fact that they were airing the inaugural game of the 2012 NFL season. The service was meh, the food was meh, but the circumstances were fantastic. Somehow, that weird gastric/emotional math equals 3 stars.
2	Where are the steriod induced chicken wings when you need em??? The wings are tiny drumettes! I got an order of the original and Louisiana rub along with potatoe salad. Everything was pretty bland and they take foreverto give you your food. I've had better wings at a Mexican restaurant.
1	The only reason 1 star can be given is the flavor choices and taste.  The SMALLEST wings I have ever seen, they must be off of baby chicks.  I thought it was getting punked, actually LOL.  Never to be back
4	The Short:The best tasting wings in the PHX area hurt by erratic service and lack of culinary diversity. Pros:- Wings, wings, and wings.- Lots of tasty sauce options.- Fries that 'bite back' (thanks Dayum).- Serves beer!- Open late.- Amazing boneless wings.Cons:- Food quality and choices falls flat after wings and fries. - Orders can take fooooooooreeeeevvvvveeeeerrrrrrr!- Dining area not always clean. - For whatever reason, some of the workers hate you. Not me, you. Yes, you in the back. Best Item(s):- Wings (any type)- Fries (even if you find them in the trashcan or on the floor)Interesting Fact:The food here tastes just as good sober or drunk. I prefer drunk to help me deal with some of their workers.
5	Great wings great service and the owner is always there. I always order online I have never had a bad experience.  The owner will adjust order if their was a mistake. Favorite wing. Place.
1	The time was 11:45 and me and my cousin were going to place a order, but they said they were closed. so me and my cousin left disappointed because they closed 15 minutes early but on top of that when we were looking for a other place to eat using  my phone in my cousin's car. A other customer comes in and places a order.  This is what I call bad customer service. my question is why would you serve him and not us. to me that might have been racial profiling and that is not okay in my book.
5	Wings are always fresh and delish ... Excellent service as well :)... Love the atomic wings!
1	Erratic service.  Cramped space.  Gave it another shot after ralphin after gettin a pick-up order.  Still gross... Hope I can keep it down
2	First time at Wingstop in months. Been Jonesin for good wings but wife doesn't like BBQ very much (I know, right?). She's busy, so Wingstop!Ordered the 6 PC combo with hot flavor, bleu cheese dip, fries and a drink for $8.50. They arrived in 14 mins, just as promised, hot out if the fryer. Wingstop wings are always hot, juicy and crispy-just the way I like them. The fries are awesome if you eat them right away. Don't take fries to go unless you eat them on the way home. They get soggy. Okay, I wrote all the above before getting my wings, since Wingstop never disappoints. They disappointed me today. The wings were very small with not much meat on them and the fries were soggy right away. I think the cook was getting rid of poor stock on a to-go customer and didn't really care. Too bad. I usually recommend Wingstop. Love them over any other wing place, including ARL, Native and any other. Try them but check your to-go order in the store.
1	The service is horrible I called in my order and when I get there I was almost passed up on my turn in line good thing the guy behind pointed out I was the next person in line. .. The guy that took my order filled my cups with soda and when he gave them to me I asked if he knew which was coke and which was Dr pepper and shrugged his shoulders and said I don't know. .I left it alone got my food and left. .. When I get home my order was wrong even though he repeated it to me 3 times!  Wack!
2	I finally had to try this place a week or so ago as friends raved about it and honestly,  I don't get it they had a lot of option but the food was pretty average with rubbery fries and wings that were smaller tun regular wings and weird serving numbers.   The food was ok but making a moderately good wing unacceptable was the service.  They are slow and rude and spent more time thing to each other than the customers and the final strike was the pricing was kind of strange with everything being separate so you end up with average to ok good wings, mediocre sides and then they charged a fairly steep price for chicken wings.  sorry I wanted them to be great but can't say they were.
1	My boss and I wanted something quick & tasty for our 30 minute lunch. We ordered a simple 20 wing Original Hot to split between us and requested the pick-up time online for 11:45 am. (They open at 11 am & lunch for us is @ 11:30 so it should have worked out.) We got there, with a coupon in hand, and stood there for a good 10 minutes while the cashier figured out the coupon code we had printed out. No one said a thing to either of us and processed the coupon. I came back to the counter to order a To-Go combo for another co-worker and the owner came up, interrupting the cashier, and proceeded to tell me the coupon we gave was BOGUS. He then told me we had to pay the difference. It was already Noon, mind you, and we still hadn't received our 11:45 order that was completed online at 10:50 am... My boss asked why the coupon was even processed in the first place if it wasn't valid. The owner simply said "That's just how it is when you give us a BOGUS coupon." My boss was furious. We were going to have other coworkers join us the next trip but needless to say that isn't happening. That was my first and my last trip to that location... I'm sad they weren't even accommodating to a first-time customer who didn't intentionally try to pass off a bad coupon. The service from the cashier was okay but the owner really sealed the bad customer experience with his tone and disregard for customers in the store. I won't be spending my money there again... Boo on an online system that isn't even utilized.
2	The wings are good but be prepared to bend over with no lube.... that's 2$ extra. By fast the most overpriced food in all of Arizona
