4	Jean Talon is awash with tempting South Asian eateries and Moti Mehal (Pearl Palace), on the corner of Jean Talon and l'Acadie, could easily be overlooked. It is a medium sized restaurant, with orange walls that sport mirrored cushion covers, a flat screen TV playing Bollywood hits and the standard watercolour of a village scene. Decor aside, the restaurant is super clean and smells mouth-wateringly terrific. One day I'll branch out, but my order for the last 18 months has been: chicken balti (cubes of chicken in a fresh tomato and ginger sauce)palak paneer (spinach and cheese)daal maash (lentils, cooked dry and served with lots of garlic)chanaa maslah (chickpeas cooked with tomato and tamarind)2 naans and rice. Wash this down with mango lasi or a hot cup of chai. The samosa-cholay and aloo parathas are fantastic lunch options, specially when rain is pouring like the monsoons outside. But the cubes of chicken tikka will disappoint anyone expecting a spicy, juicy grilled chicken breast or leg. Service is quick and professional. The ambiance is relaxed, casual, and from a BYOB perspective, nonjudgmental. The prices are just right. Orange Julep step aside - for the desi looking for good grub, Moti Mehal is the only orange oasis in town!  p.s. I am still trying to convince the owner to serve free chai.
4	Moti Mehal has really good food, especially if you know what to order. That said, order one of the balti dishes! I love the Paneer Balti, which is the fresh cheese in a slightly chunky sauce of tomatoes, ginger, onion and cilantro. Their Butter Chicken is very creamy and my sister says it's one of her favorite versions. We both like their Veggie Samosas, and they also have meat-filled ones, which is sort of more rare to find. Over the last couple of years, we've ordered delivery from them a number of times and they are always very prompt (maybe 20-25 minutes). Everyone is nice to deal with on the phone and in person, so if you want to experience some delicious balti dishes, stop by this restaurant or order in for delivery.
