4	This is a nice little Mexican place-  the food is good and pretty authentic.  I really like the chili rellenos, and the make your own combination platters.  The staff is friendly and the portions are huge.  There is a mariachi band on Friday nights that is great but they are REALLY loud, so don't go on Friday's for a quiet evening out.
3	I went to eat here with some old coworkers for lunch & came away pretty happy with the whole experience. 1900 Mexican is tucked away in a nice shopping center off Park Road so it's a little tough to spot unless you know about it.The place was pretty packed for lunch, but we didn't have to wait at all for a table of 7. The inside seems very cluttered though, with lots of tables & booths very close together. Maybe this is one of the ways they seat the lunch crowd so quickly. They also have a nice patio area that seemed pretty popular when we rolled up. Other than the cluttered feeling, the atmosphere is typical of most Mexican restaurants, from the decor on the walls to the spicy colors throughout the place. They also have some good tvs throughout the place so catching a mid day sporting event during your meal is quite easy.The food was nothing too special & the lunch menu prices were right around the average for similar Mexican places. I had the burrito & taco combination lunch & can't complain. You won't get as big a portion as some of the other Mexican joints, but you still get quite a good amount of food for the price. And everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their meal, so I'd say that the food is quite good, but nothing special.While 1900 Mexican isn't anything special, it does serve good food for a good price just like your similar Mexican restaurants. I'd definitely agree that there are better Mexican places in Charlotte to eat at, but this is a good choice if you want Mexican & you're close by.
4	1900 Mexican Grill is a cool, little tucked-away Mexican restaurant off Park Rd (near Fairview).  The inside is themed and decorated very well in bright colors.  I recommend the booths!  They provide a private, intimate experience.  They also have outdoor seating on their patio in the courtyard, which is nice to enjoy during the warmer months (but not too warm -- unless you're sitting in a pitcher of margarita!).  The chips and salsa they serve are average, but a little on the hotter side than some places.  My favorite dish is the Chicken Mole.  Yum.  I love a good mole sauce and 1900 Mexican Grill does a great job.  We've always been able to get seated right away, too, no matter what night we've gone on.  Give 'em a try!
2	This was my second time at 1900 Mexican Grill. The first time was during a job interview so I was much more nervous about the day rather than what I was eating. Now that I'm not feeling that sort of pressure, I can report a more accurate experience. The service is good, the atmosphere seems lively, and the restaurant is busy (at least when I was there both times). However, the quality of the food is less than great. I ordered the veggie fajitas and while the sour cream, guacamole, and salsa added some flavor to the tortilla, the veggies seemed over cooked (a bit on the mushy side) and lacked seasoning. Beans and rice accompanied the fajitas, but also were lacking a distinct flavor. I can't remember if the dinner menu is the same as the lunch menu. This previous experience was during lunch and the veggie fajitas were $7. The portion seemed to be a good size and for a light lunch, I could have shared. Other items on the menu were around the same price. My husband ordered a salad and it seemed just his portion size. I was disappointed in the quality of the food and I do not plan on returning. I remember I had similar thoughts my first time around; I guess even under a lot of pressure, like a job interview, the quality of food is still on my radar!
3	I arrived with a coworker at 12:15 which should have been smack dab in the middle of the lunch rush. Most of the tables were filled, but the hostess was able to seat us promptly. A minute or two later, a bowl of chips with two different salsas was dropped off as our drink order was taken.The chicken fajita burrito was served on a very hot plate with a large amount of rice and no refried beans. Freshly made, it had a lot of flavor and good consistency. The rice was cooked properly - I've been to other restaurants where it was dry and crunchy. Not here.There were a few large screen TV's set up and tuned in to the sports channels.The waiter was attentive, but not too much so. We were left to enjoy our meals in peace. Separate checks were offered without our having to ask.As Mexican restaurants go, this was good. I've had better. And I've had a lot worse. Three stars today.
3	Met a friend at 1900 for dinner tonight. The pico was delish but otherwise my tostada was nothing out of the ordinary. The prices seemed a bit high for your average Mexican restaurant but I would probably give it another try!
2	On the suggestion of a friend who thinks this is close to authentic Mexican, we went on a Sunday evening. The service was slow that evening and had some communication problems. We ordered their fresh guacamole which was very good...enough for 2-3 people. We ordered a classic margarita (special $3) and ordered a no-carb margarita. Very dissappointed with the no-carb and then shocked that it was $11! Total rip off. We ordered 4 entrees, steak faijtas and 3 burritos dishes. The entrees were just ok. Burritos had a lot of rice and beans...maybe too much. Some of the  meat was a little dry. Nothing on this visit would compel me to return.
4	Have been here three times.  Once with wife and 2 kids, and twice with work buddies.  All 3 times the food was excellent, the service was top notch, and the atmosphere was fine.Visit 1: The Camarones Special recommended by the server was incredible.  It was Friday so they had cheap Dos XX Lager deal going.  Wife's meal was a quesadilla that was huge and delicious.  Visit 2: Got the Carne Asada Tacos, also chosen by same server.  She has great taste.  These were incredible.  More Dos XX Lager.  Buddy got Chicken enchiladas and said the "best he ever had."Visit 3: Acalpulco(?) Fish Tacos.  Not bad.  Huge meal and I was starving so that worked out.  It was a different server so I went out on my own.  Shows what I know.  Still a great time and I do not regret my choice.  Look forward to trying more from 1900.  Did try the guac, which was pretty good.I will be disappointed when my work in Charlotte is over.  This place is great.  The missing star?  Their salsa is average at best.  The corn relish is great, but salsa needs improvement.
5	I had a late lunch at this fantastic restaurant. The service was fast and the food was wonderful. They have a great selection of import beers which included my favorite, Dos Equis Amber. My server was in good spirits and polite. Her name is Ingrid..ask for her if you happen by. I will definitely be a regular.
3	I am not going to rave about 1900 as far as the food goes but I still like going there and I'm not sure why. Maybe the service and atmosphere  make up for the less than stellar food. Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad, it's just not great. I love fajitas so I usually end up ordering those and next time, I am going to have to tell our server to please ask that the onions and peppers not be overcook as they have been recently. I also wish that the refried beans were not so skimpy b/c I love refried beans but I guess I could always order a side of those. So all in all, I would recommend 1900 and I don't think you will be disappointed, you just won't be blown away!
3	We finally tried this place and I have to say the food was good, did lack a little flavor , but over all good food and good prices.
4	Had the chicken fajitas and they were absolutely terrific! I might say the best fajitas I have ever had. The chips were hot and had a great flavor and the salsa superb! The food gets 5 stars!Why do I only give it 4 stars? I had to wait at least 10 minutes to get another beer... the waitress should never let your beer run out.I will be back!
3	Ive eaten here for 7 years or so now. I enjoy the food, typical mexican. Their shredded chicken is one of my favorites of all the mexican places I eat it. Good service, never had to wait, patio is nice when it isnt blazing hot. Lunch prices are good, dinner I usually split a combo since its a good amount of food!
5	best mexican food,very authentic,,reasonable prices
4	I went to 1900 Mexican last night.  I have been there several times and keep going back.  The staff are very nice.  There are lots of items on the menu and the food comes out piping hot in a very short amount of time.  I noticed last night that they had kicked up the lighting a bit which helps with the darkly printed menus.  :)  Great neighborhood place!
4	Their spinach dip is my absolute favorite! Love the service and the arroz con pollo. Great place for lunch!
4	The cheese dip was too thin and the salsa was without much flavor.  The service was good but the food was just okay.
3	Except for Salsa, which is very good....food is just average.   Chicken and steak fajitas were mostly green peppers and onions with very small pieces of chicken and steak...flavor was ok.  Other folks had beef taco plate and chicken burritos...also all very average.My server was great...friendly...attentive.    If you're in a pinch or coming out of the Harris Teeter it is a "functional" Mexican restaurant
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. The food is wonderful and extremely well priced! I've never had a bad meal at this restaurant.
4	We headed here for our date night after a suggestion from a friend. It was very casual and had good (nothing over the top) mexican food. I had the chicken taco salad and the hubs got the fish tacos. We also got table side guac which was really yummy. The overall experience was great; wonderful and friendly wait staff plus the usual mexican food choices. I will say it's super kid friendly, so if you want a little peace and quiet, come after the early dinner rush. It's also nice they have a patio to sit outside.
4	I happened to eat here twice in two days.The lunch menu is 5 stars!  For an app, we ordered guacamole, which they make in front of you at your table (I always love that).  It was one of the best guacamoles I've ever had!  I got huevros rancheros and it was so good.  I cleared my plate!!  The dinner menu wasn't as good  IMO, but it still offered a good selection of items I would order.  I wound up getting the veggie burrito.  It was ok - there wasn't any beans in it which I was kind of surpised about.  Usually veggie burritos = black bean burritos in my experience.  My margarita wasn't the best by any means.  I think I'll have the fajitas if I come back for dinner.
1	Just ordered takeout for the first time from this restaurant.  Almost $60.00 worth of food and when I got home I found that my double order of fajitas has no flour tortillas.  I called the restaurant and a rude hostess told me to come back and get them!  I will NEVER patronize this restaurant again!!!!.
4	Have eaten here a couple of times. This is definitely a higher priced restaurant but the food is a step above traditional mexican restaurants. The menu offers salmon Mexican style and other interesting combinations. You get a lot of food on your plate and the tastes are interesting. Their sangria and margaritas are fresh and cold. The chips and salsa are warm and yummy.  We will be back again!
4	Great place. Friendly/efficient service and delicious food. Got a three combo platter, was plenty of food and was able to take a taco home. Generous amount of chips. Frozen margarita was strong. Definitely going back.
2	Not my favorite by far.  I've eaten inside once and had delivery through a local service. My friend and I first had a late Saturday lunch weeks back when weather still couldn't decide if it was was winter or spring.  For an appetizer we ordered the table side guacamole... the large portion.Our server arrived at our table with a cart containing all the ingredients (even a convenient tip jar prominently in front) and two, yes, two small avocados.  When I asked if this was the large portion, she merely nodded as if she didn't understand or didn't know.  $9.95 for this in which we were finished in moments each having about 5 scoops.You would expect guacamole to be served with chips.  While we were presented with an initial serving and salsa, we were out of chips in no time having none for our remaining salsa.  We did finally get some more but no salsa making them kinda pointless after just moments.  When we did ask for more while waiting for our meal, they kindly obliged not bothering to note only the first two orders were complimentary tacking around $3 to the check without note.  I did complain to the manager noting we never got but one initial serving of salsa and had to use the first serving of chips for our meager guacamole appetizer.  He did offer to remove the charge taking our word as to the situation.I only wish there was an El Chico or Don Pablo's in the area as I've never been disappointed with those experiences.
2	Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a tasteful grill,That started with some ice cold beer, and we didn't even spill,The guest was a mighty Yelp!-ing man, his buddies still quite new,The dishes all tasted great, but the server didn't have a clue, didn't have a clue,*The business started picking up; she didn't take our ord'r,If not for the chips and salsa there, I'd be headed for the bord'r, headed for the bord'rThe grub arrived on the edge of our barren dinner place, with fajitas, salmon rice, tacos asada and salsa, few more drinks, accoutrements, more napkins, here at the local grill!* The server had no clue... we told her we wanted to go ahead and order dinner while ordering drinks, but when she took the drinks, she immediately left.  It was awkward.  Later on that night, it was impossible to get her attention--I think she was holding down two other tables, but man, she would laaaaaggggggggg.  And to top it off, after hardly checking on us through the night, she brings the bill over and tends to other diners.  While I'm filling out the tip, she comes right back, refills our waters (first time that night!) and then asks me if something is wrong.  Awkward since I was filling out the tip portion right there, and she kinda hovered.  Few other service hiccups, but will leave it at that.  So yeah, my lyrical prowess is limited since these details are missing from the theme song.  What a cop-out!I'll come back here again bc the grub was amazing.  Everything hot, cooked well, meat still juicy, and everything had a great flavor.  Hopefully we get a different server.  I'm going to leave the stars at 2 for now, with room for improvement!dmo out.
5	This is the best authentic Mexican food in Charlotte!  I love the grilled chicken salad, fresh guacamole, carnitas tacos, and low carb margarita.  The bartender Fabiola is awesome, we always sit at the bar bc she is fun!  The owner is also very friendly, had a great conversation with him about food and his home in Mexico City. Love Love Love this place!
3	I usually meet a girlfriend for lunch at 1900 about once a month.  A regular meal that includes cheese dip is required to keep me running.Located in the Park Selwyn Shopping Center, this place is always hopping during lunch time.  I order the same thing every time cheese dip ($4.50) followed by the lunch special of beef chimichangas ($6.50) served with rice/beans and some sour cream (mmmmm dairy).  The chips served at the beginning of the meal are always hot and fresh, served with a salsa that is a little too heavy on the cilantro for me (I am not a fan of cilantro), but request some of the corn salsa - it is YUM - fresh tasting and a great start to your meal.  The cheese dip is a little thinner than at most Mexican restaurants, but it thickens as it sits and is delicious - very creamy with a slight kick to it, but nothing that will light your tongue on fire.  You get 2 small chimichangas with your lunch meal that are fried, but not to a fast-food heavy crunch, these are lightly fried, so slightly crispy without being rock hard.  They are covered in a cheese sauce and served with refried beans and Spanish rice.  I clean my plate every time - delicious!There are TV's around the bar area, which are usually playing soccer or ESPN when we go.  Comfortable seating in booths or at tables.  Service is fast and friendly and the food has been consistently good.
5	This is my favorite Mexican in Charlotte. Both locations are good, but this particular one is my favorite. Whether I'm looking for an inexpensive date night (combo 3 with 3 chimichangas and the AMAZING queso sauce is plenty big enough to share) or a good spot to check out with friends, this is the perfect pick.
3	Good Mexican Restaurant.  This was the 1st place that i experience where they make the guacamole right at your table.  This way you could tell they were using fresh ingredients. The staff were very friendly and came around often to refill drink and check if everything was ok.   The food was good for east coast Mexican.  I still haven't found a place the serves green chili's they way they do out west.  The chili's good, but they just tasted different'.  If you haven't been they are worth checking out at-least once.  Keep an eye out for groupons.
5	When you  gotten stuck in rush hour come in to this place for a soup and the guacamole fresco made at your table.
3	Sometimes, I drive here for takeout chips 'n salsa then walk next door and grab soup from the Chinese place. Does that make me a fattie? Oh well.A-OK nails this place. It's not bad... it's not the absolute best. When you sit down, there is a big empty bowl in the middle of your table. This is something I like to call guacamole entrapment. You may not have wanted to order it before, but you will now. 1900 will make it right there in front of you.I pretty much order something different every time. What's my current food mood? Tacos? Fajitas? Something I can't pronounce that is covered in cheese? (yeah, that was my most recent order on Sunday). No complaints about any of it.Although I have moved away from the Montford area, I relocated to a 'hood where there is another location. So don't consider this a break up 1900... just an it's complicated.
1	The shredded chicken is horrible. Arrow Con Pollo is disgusting. The put cheap, poorly cooked rice on the plate, topped with frozen cheap shredded chicken, and shredded american cheese on top. A meal at taco bell would've been cheaper and better. My boyfriend got the chimichangas. They were made with the same shredded chicken, but it was more edible because you could just eat the fried dough with the melted cheese, which tasted better than the shredded cheese on the ACP. Just don't go. Penn Station is next door. Go there instead.
4	Pollo Con Crema is very good, I hear consistently. I personally enjoy their enchiladas and the salsa that comes with chips definitely has a kick - thumbs up. I find service almost always attentive.
3	When you are looking for some good Mexican food, not tex-mex, nothing fancy, just good old Mexican 1900 is a good choice. Although the food isn't the greatest it hits the spot. Unfortunately on this visit the chips were very stale with a truly bland salsa. With that said we enjoyed the quesadillas and fajitas. The Refried beans with melted cheese, yum! The service was good, nothing spectacular and the margaritas could use a little more tequila, ha ha!
5	Best Mexican food ever,Cheese dip is awesome,great food drinks ect,love it ,,,,i can eat this everyday,my daughter can live on this ,very authentic
5	Love their food and prices. I frequently order the three chimichanga combo to go on my way home from work. Great deal!
3	This place is still just "okay" in my book. I met some girlfriends here on a rainy afternoon. I decided to go with the lunch special chimichangas. You get two chimis with your choice of chicken or beef and your standard sides of rice and beans. It's not that this food is bad by any means; it's just all very average to me. However, the portion sizes here are good and the food arrived hot. So if you want to get rid of that Mexican craving this place will hit the spot.
2	Fish tacos are good most of the time.  My problem with this place is the crappy attitude of the little manager.  He's just a rude person and has been on several different occasions.  With that said, I've moved on.
3	They recently completely overhauled their menu and it feels like a very different choice of dishes. The favorite Pollo con Crema is gone, and donate a few other solid dishes. I had tacos lengua - they were  astute but not especially flavorful and lengua wasn't very tender.
2	Food was just ok. I got the salmon and it was chewy and the sauce was so overpowering. Grilled vegetables were pretty good. We sat at our table for about 30 minutes after we were already being rushed several times to pay be the waiter.  Then as we were walking out the hostess said "finally" in Spanish as we walked out. Such a rude staff. Definitely won't be going back to this place.
5	Love this place! Their sangria is the only place I will order it. (Red) I have had taco salad, tacos and fajitas here. All great flavors and my husband gets the enchilada mole and it's so yum!! Always great service !
