5	Hidden Gem!This place used to be called "Better on a Bagel" but is now under new ownership as Corridors Cafe.I would have no idea it was there if it wasn't for the "Better on a Bagel" review popping up when I searched yelp for breakfast.  It's located on the northwest corner of the Chubb Group building (Southeast corner of Pinnacle Peak and 23rd Ave) and can be accessed from the outside of the building.  There is no sign.  Once you walk up you can see the BoarsHead sign in the window.  They are open 7am to 2:30pm M-F. I'm usually there between 7 and 8am and there is plenty of parking right in front of the door.The cafe isn't very big.  It has some indoor and outdoor seating.  They have a small range of normal convenience store items like candy, drinks and office supplies, but their food menu is quite extensive.I go there about 3 times a week for breakfast and get the same thing, eggs with cheese and bacon.  The owner greets me by name and knows what I order.  Every time I go there he is very pleasant, the food comes quickly and quality is consistent. Prices are very reasonable.  If I get the same thing at another nearby deli, it costs nearly $8, but less than $5 at Corridors.Highly recommended.
5	awesome food, nice people, great price.  food tastes as good as stuff you have at home. you can tell all the food is fresh.   the little girl in the front is very nice and goofy.  the chubby guy in the back is pretty cool as well. over the past month I became a regular customer at the coridor cafe.
5	Read about this place in a local small newspaper so I had to try it. I had the meat omelette and it was fantastic and for the price it was a steal. You also get a side of home fries with it that were very good too. Definitely will come back to try a sandwich.
5	Hands down, friendliest place I've ever been!!! The food was amazing, large selection, everything's fresh, and the owner was super nice and asked us multiple times if there was anything else he could do for us. Then, about a week later, we went back, and the owner recognized us!!!! Same great service, amazing food!!!-J-
4	Heard about this place from Yelp, so my Co worker and I decided to Try it out. By surprise it was very delicious  and Fresh. Tried the Tom's Wrap, that was delicious and so fresh, my co worker got the Hot Pastrami sandwich and it was Great as well. Tried the Potato Salad that was great.  We will be back. The owner was very nice. Great atmosphere
3	A nice little Mom & Pop place that I've been meaning to stop by for some lunch after reading an article about them.You have to walk down a long corridor from the lobby of the office building to get to the cafe. I ordered a Hot Turkey sandwich with potato salad and a soda. The turkey sandwich was okay, it was topped off with some tomatoes. The potato salad was okay as well. But it looks like they charge for soda refills, no bueno in my book.I would definitely go here again and try some other items on the menu.
5	This is a great little deli / bodega inside of an office building. First, I have to gush about the owner, Ken. He's a very friendly and nice guy and it's great to be greeted by name (and that must be challenging given how many customers Ken has ... and he knows his regulars). But onto the nitty gritty. This is a simple "office park" type deli, but this description doesn't do it justice. The wrap I ordered today tasted great, and was put together very well. Corridors has also catered some lunches for the place I work, and he has done a stellar job with a nice assortment of sandwiches and chips to suit almost every taste. Altogether, a great place to get a quick bite to eat (either in, or to go). Way to go Ken, and keep up the good work.
5	Just ordered food to go with some co-workers and it is AMAZING! We found them on Yelp and wanted to try them after reading the other great reviews. They don't have a website so we didn't know what food they had, so we called them and they sent us pictures of their menu. Very accommodating! I had the Ken's Chicken Blast wrap...very delicious! We will definitely be eating lunch here again. And probably breakfast as well. I'd highly recommend checking this place out!
5	What a great place for lunch! We could not decide what to eat today and were starving! My boss found this Cafe on Yelp and said we should eat here, to look at their reviews. We looked online for a menu and unfortunately there was not one. I called and asked if they could send me one. Right away, I assume the owner, sent me a text of pictures of the menu. Our food was ready right away! They were very friendly and the place was clean and nice. He told me we would love the chicken. He was right! The chicken in my wrap was delicious! We will definitely eat here again!
5	Nom-nom-nom-NOM!!I love this place.  It is a small corner restaurant in an office building so it doesn't stand out too much -- but it worth looking for!  I have been there 10+ times with co-workers and I have tried everything from the wraps to the salad to the chicken shawarma; it all delicious and made to order.  The place is cute too because they have little extra things you can buy in case you need something kind of random, but don't want to go to a second place on your lunch break (think sides of hummus, slim jims, canned soda, candy, snacks, gum, advil, heartburn tablets, an office item or two, etc).  They also have breakfast, but I have not tried it yet (due to no fault of theirs; I am just not a breakfast person). The owner, Ken, is ahhhh-mazing, so sweet, and remembers people after the first or second visit! The food is consistently good, tastes home made, and the prices are very affordable.  It is a perfect place to stop in if you forgot your lunch, only have a few minutes, or want something satisfying - you can also call ahead your order so it is ready to go!  It is right beside my work and, while it took me about a year to find out about, I am glad I eventually found it!
5	I went to Corridors a few days ago. What an experience. The food is exceptional!  The spicy chicken wrap and the baked potato soup... The BEST. I'm serious, and I lived in the Midwest for a few years. Besides the food being very, very good, I will say this about the customer service. I watched the owner great customers by name. Everyone was smiling, and you could tell was enjoying themselves. The customer service I witnessed is something that I wish more establishments could mimic, or learn from.  Ken, the owner, has a good thing here. Support this place- because it is really something special!  So do I recommend it?  Absolutely!
5	Great little spot inside an office building. The owner Ken is very friendly and knows most of the customers names... I was surprised he knew mine after only the second visit! They are open for breakfast/lunch and have a great selection of drinks, snacks and misc items to purchase. Definitely recommend dropping in or calling in an order to check it out!
5	I love this place!! My friends and I wanted to go out for brunch and we saw reviews on this place and decided to check it out. Little did we know that this wasn't a free standing cafe, but it was inside of a business building. We were about to leave, because it wasn't exactly what we expected, but decided to give it a shot anyway. I'm so glad we did. The food is great and the prices way more than reasonable. You get very filling portions for less than 10 bucks! The food being great and cheap was only the icing on top, the true treat was the customer servicing. The owner stayed after he closed, and let my friends and I just sit and talk for a good hour after. He was one of the sweetest men I've ever met, AND AFTER ALL OF THAT HE HELD THE DOOR FOR US! A true gentleman indeed.
5	So I had been hearing so much about this cafe across from my work so finally i tried it.... I must say i absolutely LOVE this place, not only is the food great but the staff is very nice and make it a point to make a personal interaction with you even when its busy. And a special thank you to the owner Ken he is so nice. Also side note they offer a great selection to vegetarians their ultimate veggie wrap is amazing and their food is very well priced.:)))))
4	This is the perfect place to start your day. Wonderful atmosphere, friendly service, and so many delicious menu choices! They put great spins on breakfast classics like oreo s'mores pancakes and red velvet french toast, as well as healthy and gluten free options. Whatever you choose, I recommend washing it down with their Corridors Cafe Orange Juice...so good! Love this place!
