5	I've gone to every nail salon close to my house to try to find one that I'm happy at. Beauty Calls Nail Salon won my hands and feet!I went on a Sunday at about 12. They were pretty busy, but were able to fit me in with only 10 minutes of waiting. I was immediately greeted and given a cold bottle of water. They had quite a big selection of nail colors and well as gel polish colors. The decor was nice and relaxing, not cheesy or tacky. As I waited I looked around and noticed a cute brochure with all the services and pricing offered. Not only do they do nails, but they offer waxing, facials, eyelash extensions, and eyelash/brow tinting. The pricing isn't bad, actually less expensive than the surrounding salons. All the pedicure chairs and equipment was super clean and brand new, no 80's massage chairs here. They also had a huge tv in a perfect position for everyone in the salon to see. I got a regular pedicure and a gel polish change. The girl took her time and was very gentle and soft with her tools. She did a great soothing massage, and made it last. She wasn't rushing or doing a bunch of other things while she was working on me. She also didn't try to have a full conversation with me either, which I like because I just like to relax!Even though I didn't ask for a manicure, she still gave me a a oil/lotion massage after my gel polish. I am definitely going back here over and over again. Worth every single penny!
5	I've been going here for a year now. I love it and well worth the low prices they charge. Each technician is excellent and I'm always treated like royalty. I highly recommend this salon and a big thank you to Sandy the owner.  She's awesome!
5	Being new to town, I've gone to a half dozen beauty salons in the area and have been sorely disappointed with every one of them - until I came here. The technicians take their time to do a great job, they use top of the line products so that the quality lasts longer than their competition, the ambiance of the salon is just beautiful, and best of all, their staff is friendly, fantastic, and they care about you leaving happy. I highly recommend Beauty Calls - I've been a customer for months now and will never go anywhere else. :-)
5	This place is literally walking distance form my place, and I'm SO thankful for that b/c it's officially my new nail salon. Mostly OPI products. Got gel mani and their upgraded hot-stone spa pedi... came out to $64. I've paid more for a lot less. Friendly staff, clean and modern environment.
5	This place gave fabulous service!! I took my daughter for a manicure treat and we sat side by side and had  our nails done. They took their time and gave great gel manicures. Lovely did a great job on my nails! We will be back!!
5	Great place! Relaxing, clean atmosphere with efficient, courteous staff. I stopped in on a whim for a pedicure and they got me in right away. Decent prices and my technician did a great job! I would definitely recommend this salon.
2	Wanted to love this place. They did an OK job but the design wasn't what I wanted even after I tried to communicate it several times. I eventually gave up after it was already on my nails. He was gentle but hardly filed/shaped my nails. So some are rounded and some are squared. Also, the lotion he used smelled like men's deodorant.
1	I went there on 07/09/2014 for eyelash extensions.  The women that attended me did not speak great English and she was barely answering any of my questions.  In every service I go to, Salon wise, I always ask questions of the procedure or any service I make.  To make the story real short.  I did it, the extensions look nice.  I went back on 07/23/2014(today) to take them off.  I explained to the same women that I feel some kind of discomfort and some lashes were coming off.  On the left eye, I had a small bump and my fear was infection.  I told her I need them off as soon as possible. Again, the only things she said was, "aww, looks nice". I was thinking did she really understands me? Because I just explained to her how I felt. I took pictures before and after this, just in case anything happen.  I lied down.  She put me some liquid substance on the lining of my eyelashes and told me to go to sleep and not open my eyes for 15 min.  I did.  I don't think that 5 min passed when I starting feeling the most painful pain and burning sensation on both of my eyes.  My fear at that moment was OMG I am going to go blind.  Will my Contact lenses melt? I could not open my eyes. I managed to get off from the table and find the door.  It felt like forever, but I found the door and yelled: " My eyes are burning"!!!!  She came quickly(thank God) and told me to lie down. It was so painful I really wanted to cry. But, I did not for fear that I could make the pain worse. I have never ever experienced anything like this.  When she took everything off even the eyelashes(the extensions) I still felt a burning sensation inside.  As I am writing this my eyes somewhat in discomfort.  I am wearing glasses right now.  I wish they were more professional, I spent $50 plus $10 to to put them and take them off. Yes, they still charged me to take it off despite the pain I went to.  It would be nice for them to say, I am so sorry for this experience we will not charge you for this service.  Just the words would be nice on them to say that.  But, incredible enough the girl that charge me stated, I hope you come back and do your nails next time.  I was like, right!!!  Never ever again will go back to this place.
5	I found a new place that has more staff on hand to service you. They are nice and very friendly. Awesome service.
3	My amazing friend/roomie Jeff surprised our other roomie Sara and I to a mani/pedi. Super nice guy! He works just down the building from this shop and has gotten chummy with the employees here. 3 stars for the wonderful treatment and lovely polish colors. Not 4 stars because my polish only lasted 3 days. Super bummed. I loved my "pool party" awesome pinky-orange nail color!
1	I went to this place for the first time and did pedicure and manicure. It was a heavy set lady who did my nail and she did a terrible job! The next day I went back because my toe nail polish came off because it didn't dry good. She fixed it and after four days I went back to fix my fingernail because the gel and nail polish lifted! Weird! She was very rude when I went back and while she was trying to fix it, she cut my skin! :( I paid $56 for both pedicure and manicure and service I got was ghetto!!!!
