5	One of the best breakfast spots in the Phoenix metro area!  Of course, I love crepes (so that helps).  This little gem is tucked away in an upscale shopping plaza at Scottsdale and Indian Bend.   Delicious crepes  They have sweet, savory and even breakfast crepes!  They have your standard types (such as Nutella) as well as some unique choices (such as strawberry custard - my personal favorite).  Crepes and  Bakes has a great, relaxing atmosphere as well.  The outdoor seating is the perfect setting for a laid back breakfast on a lazy weekend morning.  If you like crepes, I highly recommend Crepes and Bakes.
5	So, I entered the small Patisserie that is known as Crepes and Bakes.  The place had a nice quaint look with sitting inside and out.  Sitting down, inside, we were greeted by who I expect was the owner.  She was very friendly and very helpful.  Looking through the menu I of course found a huge selection of crepes, but also found sandwiches, salads, soups, omelettes/ scrambles, and french toast.  This of course is a crepe place so why order anything else?  The question was did I want a sweet, savory, or breakfast crepe.  I decided to go with a sweet fresh strawberry crepe with custard.  I split that with a friend who went with a breakfast scrambled egg crepe, with salmon and cream cheese.  The owner/ waitress asked if we would like to add capers or onions for no extra charge.  We went with the capers, no onions. Another guest with me went with the nutella french toast.  The food arrived and everything looked amazing.  The strawberry crepes were great.  The crepes even seemed to have homemade whipped cream, which just added to the great taste.  The breakfast salmon crepe was awesome, too.  There were just enough capers to dot the scrambled eggs without being too strong.  I would highly recommend it.  I had a bite of the nutella french toast and it like everything else was very good.  The nutella gave it a unique, but good, taste that is typically not found in the United States.  I would definitely go back and orders from the crepe section without hesitation.
5	Best UNIQUE breakfast / brunch / lunch spot.  This tiny place may look like a boring little bakery, but think again!  SIt outside on the small patio area, ck out the GR8 crepes! savory, breakfasty, sweet - u pick or choose! Hubby luvs lox & cream cheese & capers.  I luv the chicken, aspargus, basil, feta :-)  Mmmmmmmm.
