4	We had nicks the other day for a late x-mas gift exchange. The large pies are large! The crust is a cross between thin and thick yet had nice texture, the sauce was good and the toppings were plentful. The wings were ok. The mild were rather mild, and the hot was hot. Maybe I should try Meduim. The best thing is the $, large pie and wings $17.00 I doubt I will crave this but it is nice to know it is good.
4	Our kitchen is torn apart, in the middle of a renovation. So last night, there we were again, hungry, and no way to cook. Delivery choices are limited in our area, unless you want pizza or Chinese. We were pretty burnt out on both. But decided to go for pizza. I sifted through our stack of menus, and came across one for a place we'd never ordered from - Nick's.I was pleased to find that, in addition to pizza, they offered pasta dishes, hot and cold subs, salads, and cheesesteaks for delivery. Score!  We ordered a meatball sub, a cheesesteak, and a caesar salad. Delivery was fairly timely (way better than the 45 minutes Streets of New York delivery!). The goods were a pleasant surprise as well.The caesar salad was HUGE! The round to-go container was jam-packed with romaine lettuce, parm, and croutons. Dressing was served on the side. Thank goodness for that, because we tucked right into the subs first, and were way too stuffed for salad afterwards. That left me with a huge salad to take to lunch the next day. The subs were on a soft on the inside, crusty on the outside roll. The meatballs were nice and juicy, and with good flavor. You could tell it was made with mixed meats (ideally, beef, pork, and veal), as a good meatball should be made. The cheesesteak, on the other hand, was OK. The meat was rather salty, but otherwise good. That tab wasn't too bad either - around $22. I would definitely order from them again.
4	This was damn good east coast pizza. The crust was thin, and had just enough char to really add to the flavor. The cheese was good, and there was plenty of it. Same for my chosen toppings (pepperoni and sausage). The grease level was good, in that there was some. Grease=flavor on a pizza. The only thing that was a very minor letdown was the sauce. I found it a bit sweet. Really though, I only noticed when it was the only thing left. For the level of goodness, they are really, really well priced. I don't know of many places that make pizza even half as good charging 14 for a 17 inch with 2 toppings. This is my new place.
5	Friendly good people and homemade desserts best place to get pizza or sub around here
4	THIS is how you do pizza! We got a three topping (pepperoni, mushrooms, salami) pizza and a turkey sub, with tip delivered, for 24 bucks. Pretty sure the salami was Boar's Head. The crust COULD be slightly thicker in the middle, but otherwise, almost the perfect pizza.  The sub looked delicious too - though 7.00 for a 10 inch is a little steep, there was a lot of meat and tons of fresh vegetables.  YUM!  We will definitely skip Dominos and go to Nick's for delivered pizza from here on out.
5	So it's kind of in an odd location. It's easy to find but not the place I would expect to find such great food.  I stopped by here a while back to try something new as I was tired of Carl's Jr and Jack In The Box. I wasn't expecting much, just need a change.I was very pleasantly surprised though!The people were friendly, and the food was good and was prepared quickly. I had the steak bomb sandwich. Wow! This would turn a vegetarian into a carnivore! It was so good! the meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked, the bread was fresh and had just the perfect amount of chewiness. I might have to go there for lunch today...
4	We had Nicks for the first time this week and we were pleasently surprised.  Being from the east coast we have pretty high standards for NY style pizza and Nicks was one of the better pies we've had.  We ordered it well done and it wasnt what I would consider well done but it was tasty and the sauce tasted homemade.  Also, Nick was there and he chatted with us while we waited for a food which was nice.  We prefer Bruno's on Olive but I would return to Nicks again.
5	Went to Nick's tonight, this is our second or third time trying with this place. YUM! Very good pizza. Also, on Mondays and Tuesdays they have a killer special, any size pizza, any number of toppings - half price. SO my large pepperoni pizza tonight was ~$6.50. Awesome.Decent pizza, great prices, especially with their Monday/Tuesday special!!
5	Another great pizza find thanks to Yelp.  I live about a block away from Nick's & even shopped at Ace's next door, and never knew Nick's was there.  I've actually been to Nick's about 6 or 7 times in the last few months to the point where Nick calls my wife and me by name.  Either he has a great memory or we've been going mental on the pizza and wings.  I'm not sure which is better - the pizza or the wings.  In fact, the wing sauce is so good, my son and I find ourselves dipping our pizza in the hot stuff.  The pizza is huge and always baked to perfection.  The pizza sauce isn't overbearing.  The cheese is balanced just right - closer to almost too much than not enough.  The crust is delicious.  What can I say?  I love this pizza!If the pizza & wings weren't already good enough, Nick is a truly a nice person.  I sent my son over to pick up a pizza special (2 pizzas and wings special).  My wife forgot to click the transfer funds button to his debit card, so his card declined.  Nick gave him the entire order and told him to come back later to settle up.  What a nice guy!  My son called me as he was driving home.  I had him turn around, charged up his card, and he took care of the bill on the spot.  Truly a gem in the neighborhood.  That's why I do my best to support the independents and hope everyone else does too.
5	This place has the best BBQ wings! We always get our pizza from here now, so delicious!
4	First time trying this place.  I wanted to rate it a 3.5, just because I want to explore other menu items before raising the rating, but eff it, it was delicious.I opted out of going to a ballgame with my man for the night, so I decided to stay home, order pizza, do homework, and watch movies. I wanted to try out someplace new by my house, so I explored the Yelp community and their reviews, and stumbled across this place.I called in my order.  The man who answered was friendly when taking my order.  I had bad reception in my apartment, but he seemed patient throughout the ordering process.  I decided to go with the special, XL or L pizza with 20 wings for around 20 bucks.  Not bad, ey?  I got my regular toppings, ham on all, half pep, half pinapple.  Mild wings.  Approximately 30 minutes later the food arrived at the door.  A faint little knock almost unheard to an old person presented itself for me to answer.  HOLY CRAP, I thought when I saw the food.  The pizza box was SO damn big!  When I brought the food inside, I was still irked.  The slices were huge.  The pizza was hot and fresh.  Melted cheese.  Not a lot of grease.  I asked for extra sauce, and I got it.This is the kind of pizza that is meant to be folded in half.  Do not try and eat it otherwise, it just won't work. The wings were flavorful and large as well.  These are not sissy sized wings.Overall, high quality pizza and wings.  I really want to try this place fresh from the restaurant.  I think it may earn an additional star.  Nothing is better than fresh of the plate, but delivery was acceptable for my current situation (which apparently is free!).
4	Side note:The day after I placed my very first order with Nick's, I received a call from the same guy who took my order and delivered my pizza (I am guessing the owner?).He simply called to ask how I liked the food and quality and about my experience, making small talk along the way.  What a NICE touch to quality and service.  I will definitely have to visit the location in person to ensure that this excellent service is continually provided.Way to go Nick's!
4	I have never had their pizza, just their calzones. The spinach calzone is sooo yummy! When we order, we usually get a spinach calzone, and an eggplant calzone (but we've also gotten the chicken Parmesan as well). I don't think I've ever been disappointed in coming here. The prices are so reasonable too! I've talked to Nick and his wife, and they are just amazing people. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great meal at home for a very reasonable price!
5	If there was an extra star on here for great service alone, Nick's Pizza and Deli would get that - they deserve that.I read reviews on here on Friday (11/05/10).  I live near Nick's and have meant to stop in for about a year now.  But, you see, we already have our "go-to" pizza place.My hubby is a self-proclaimed "pizza connoisseur"-So, not wanting to cook dinner on a Sunday night, I pass by Nick's.  I quickly make a U-turn and go back.First off, I see dessert.  TIRAMISU!!!  Rice pudding.  SOLD.  I get the last piece of tiramisu and a dish of homemade rice pudding.  I order two pizzas (the larges are $6-something) that include one topping.  I order half tomato, basil and garlic, the other half pepperoni and the other bacon.I get home and open the box that contained the pizza that left my car smelling oh-so-delish.  For one, I don't like tomatoes, but after eating this lovely pie I'm sold.  I don't know what they did to those pizzas but they're pretty much the best pizza I've tasted.  The crust is brick-oven like, their sauce is not too overpowering (aka - I didn't get heartburn) and the tomatoes and basil and garlic are mouthwatering.  I didn't try the pepperoni or bacon because I devoured my half of the large (tomato, basil and garlic).  My husband was extremely impressed with the bacon.  They weren't dry crumbles.  I think we've found our new go-to pizza place.  So reasonably priced and excellent pizza.
4	I moved here from NY about three years ago and could not find a decent slice of pizza to save my life...until....I found Nicks!  OMG!  The best tasting and closest I can find to what I've been used to.  I ordered a pie to go and as soon as I got the box in the car, I dove in and ate a slice on the drive home.  Delicious!  When I got to the pizzeria, my order wasn't ready right away and I had such a nice conversation with the man working behind the counter (wasn't sure if it was "the" Nick).  He apologized for making me wait (I honestly think I was early) and he was very friendly.  The area to sit and eat-in in really teeny-tiny - maybe 5 4-seat tables so that could be a problem during the lunch rush.  I will most definately be back.  YUMMO!!!
5	My boyfriend and I are pizza fanatics and we recently moved right down the street from Nick's and they never disappoint! Their prices are unbeatable and the quality of their food is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. We recently had their canolis and we are hooked! We can't eat any other pizza now. The service is always quick and super friendly and you can't beat the free delivery within 3 miles (which we are). Would totally recommend to anyone!
5	There have been many Pizza places advertising on Groupon in Phoenix area but Nick's had a nice photo of Cannoli so we decided to get it.  They are located on the corner of 75th Ave and Cactus, just next to hardware store and unless you do pay attention you may miss it.  Deli looks rather small, simply decorated and it is going to remind you of the places back east.  Last week their AC was out so it was slightly warmer but nothing to bad since its still April in AZ, girl that was working did apologize for the big fan and stated they are working on getting it fixed.  We told her we are going to use Groupon and since this was our first time she did give us run down about the place and food.  I did notice they are using Boar's Head meat and cheese so if you are a fan that's definitely a plus.  We did order large two topping pizza, two cannolis and drinks (cans or bottle, no fountain) which did came up to $20 which is very reasonable, plus all other items on the menu do seem to be priced reasonably as well.  Meat for the pizza was not pre-cut and they did it as soon as we completed our order.  We did pick one of the few tables (two chairs per table) and waited for our food.  Someone else was sitting at that table before us since there were some food crumbs and I did notice as the couple next to us did leave they did not clean that table either, but again table did not look bad or dirty at all.  Overall place is clean only suggestion would be to wipe down the table as customers do finish especially if they are not busy.  Our pizza was done in 20 min and we left, as I was driving with my windows open I could smell pizza from my trunk and it did smell great.  Now, how did pizza taste after we got home?  First it was still warm even after 20-25 minutes and it was definitely the BEST pizza we had in AZ; you could taste meat, sauce was not overpowering, it was fresh and it had enough meat and cheese on it, crust was also done right and even I don't eat the crust I did it this time--it was that good.  This Groupon was great surprise and we are definitely going to drive back to Nick's next time we crave pizza or if we want to try something else on the menu.
3	I gave them a chance twice but the pizza just didn't make me sing.Then again, like sex, when pizza is bad, its still pretty freekin good!
5	I love this place... Their wings are huge and the pizza is delicious. I have eaten there a few times and I have never had a bad meal. They do take out and you can call ahead and order to pick it up or they can deliver it up to 2 miles. The store is kinda hard to find but once you find it, you will back again, I promise.
5	OMG! Everytime....it's so good!  We tried something new tonight and we are never disappointed.  The fried mushrooms are fresh, crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside...tried the veggie calzone tonight and it was amazingly good. I think they have the best Pizza and Italian  food on this side of town.
4	Just moved to the area and decided to try this place out.  I'll start by saying this is not a place to go and sit down to eat. There are only about 6 small tables and it was extremely hot!Anyway, my boyfriend and I split a chicken parm sub and a feta and spinach calzone. The sub was good. The bread was soft and fresh. The calzone was ok. We added chicken to it, but it was overloaded with spinach. I would have prefered more mozzarella and feta cheese. We tried a cannoli for dessert, delicous! The shell was the perfect balance of crunchy and soft, which is the reason this place earned the 4th star.I will certainly try Nick's again for their pizza, they offer free delivery within a 3 mile radius!
5	We've been going to Nick's for a few years now- and the pizza and wings are ALWAYS delicious! We've turned a bunch of family and friends into Nick's pizza lovers and the group is growing. The inside of the Nick's is like a small cafe with about 6 smaller tables for people to sit and grab a bite- this isn't the place to come and hang out. The pizza is perfect- the crust is fantastic and the sauce is just right. They use Boar's Head meats and cheeses so the quality is pretty good, way better than regular chain restaurants. Nick and his family are very sweet and recognize us when we come in- they've always got a smile on and if they're trying something new- chances are they'll offer it to regulars to see how they like it. Ask Nick for some Parmesan knots- they're awesome. We order pizza here at least once-twice a month and it's a go to for wings- they're big and meaty and with several different sauce options you can't go wrong. Nick's Deli and Pizza is the real deal- you get great food from great people! .
5	Very disappointed to find out our favorite pizza joint is now closed, this saddens me seeing as how Nick's has the best pizza I have had. Don't know why they closed, they had the best everything.
5	I'm pretty sure Nick's is closed now. I know the owner moved back east and left his business partner in charge, but then a few months later it was dark. Very sad. Now back to Ray's Pizza for east-coast pizza. :(
