4	Went in for an oil change, was in and out of there in 20 minutes! Fast and friendly service!
5	It's hard to find a mechanic you can trust....esp. in Las Vegas!  Dave is one you can!Started when he was an Econo Lube and followed him to his new shop. He works on our personal and our fleet vehicles. I've never been happier with a mechanic. When the check engine light comes on in my teenager's truck I can tell her.."stop by Dave's" and know she'll be taken care of.  Thanks Dave!
5	Local garage. Great service and great value. Finding a trustworthy mechanic in the Las Vegas area is difficult. If you are looking for a great honest garage this is the one. This place is one that is going to have repeat customers over and over again.  I would recommend to everyone.
5	Honest and up-front.  Came in check engine light on, got an oil change done as well.  They didn't charge me anything for the check engine light, since it turned out to be just a loose gas cap.  Called me to see if I wanted to pick it up the same day, but I decided to wait until the next.   They moved it inside for me overnight, then parked in the shade the next morning.  Great service.  Seem very trustworthy.  I plan to get all my car repairs and oil changes done here in the future!
5	I had Dave check out a car I was interested in buying...17 years old. Lots of oil leaks and he let me know what would need to be fixed. He knows the LT1 motors. Beautiful shop. I'm from Los Angeles but was in town and a friend recommended Dave. His crew seemed real knowledgeable.  They were all really cool people, no BS here in my opinion.
5	Dave's auto repair is the only trustworthy mechanic that my parents and I go to. Service is fast especially for oil changes, always less than 20 minutes. They do routine maintanance to complete engine replacements and everything in between. There is also an after hours keydrop. Just write down what you need and they'll get it fixed for you ready to be picked up the next day. Dave and his mechanics do top notch work.
5	This place is GREAT!! Your not going to find a place as honost and trustworthy as this shop! Great work and great service all the time. I will not take my car anywhere else but here.
5	I recommend this place to anyone. Dave is friendly and honest. Had an oil change in 20min. in & out. Good Vibe atmosphere. I'll be coming back here for sure.
5	Just got my brakes done here...what an awesome shop. Dave was very helpful, fast and friendly. Dropped us off at a restaurant while he worked on our car and picked us up after. Great Service and quality. Ill be back for any of my auto needs. Great!
5	I had a problem with my gas guage on my Malibu. My husband bought the part and brought it in. He met Dave himself. He's a real nice and honest guy. Not out to get you for all your money. Definitely recommend this place!
4	Got an oil change, spark plugs and fuel filter done here and waited a couple of weeks to review to ensure all turned out well.  The job was done conveniently for me (I left the car and picked it up before closing).  Dave and his father were very nice and professional and evaluated everything I asked him to.  They even ensured I had rides as I needed and his father picked me up to bring me to the shop at one point.I called around on pricing and Daves met or beat the other comparable repair shops.
5	I saw this place on yelp and the perfect reviews definitely matched my experience. The guy was very honest and nice saying a clutch is pretty expensive to fix but his quote was 200 cheaper than the cheapest quote I got anywhere else. But he didnt skimp on quality. They finished it ASAP! I'm so glad I found an honest mechanic! Wouldn't take my car anywhere else!
5	Great honest service at reasonable prices.  Dave's isn't grimy like other repair shops, it's clean and smells great :)
5	I had my transmission serviced here a few days ago and I am a happy camper. Even showed me my transmission pan of a potential problem but thank goodness none were found. Highly recommended. Great service at a fair price. Thanks again dave!!!!!
5	It's a really good place; clean, prices are reasonable, excellent customer service. Dave's took care of my car repair, and explained me very well what's needed to b fixed.
5	DAVE's is THE BEST because he is both skilled at his trade and very, very HONEST.  Years ago we took our car to Dave when he was at a different location because we thought we needed new brakes.  After he thoroughly checked our car he told us "no charge" for brake repair because they were in good shape.  Remembering his honesty, we tracked him down again several months ago at his new location so he could look at our other cars and we were SO happy to find him.  As expected, he has been knowledgeable,  prompt, fair and HONEST.  We won't go to anyone else.
5	My mom's '03 Buick was overheating and failed smog. After finding Dave's Automotive through Yelp, I stopped in and told him what the problem was. Dave checked the vehicle for free and diagnosed the problem. Dave's automotive completed the work on time and at a reasonable price. Dave was professional and trustworthy. I well definitely recommend Dave's Automotive  to anyone with car problems.
5	Husband took my car in for brakes this time, Dave of course did a great job! If you're looking for an honest mechanic, he's your guy.
5	The owner is an awesome guy. He took care of our over heated car and replaced the parts straight from the dealership on a Saturday. He took action right away and got the job done in 3 hrs. I would recommend this place to anyone that needs the job done right away. very organized and clean shop and they have great customer service.
5	Had to get some radius arm bushings replaced, and wanted to install some rear coil over shocks on my 93 Explorer. Got quoted for 2.5 hours, and they were willing to install my parts instead of having to order through them. Ken stayed communicative throughout the whole process, even when the shop got busy; this was important when the job started taking longer than expected to finish. Four hours, a specialist call in, and a few tense hammering sounds later, my bushings were in and my shocks were on. I was surprised when I found out the bill stayed so close to the original quote! They never charged for a minute they weren't actively touching the truck. Truly impressed by the level of integrity and the reasonable prices of this shop. I will most likely come to them for all my future work.
