4	The chicken fingers here are excellent when rated on a scale of fast food. Delivered to your table by first name, hot and fresh and ready to eat. My only complaint is, for example, when ordering The Caniac you only get 2 sauces. Ask for an extra one and you will pay for it (thirty cents). They're pretty stingy with them. The employees are friendly, fast, and attentive. Go in with a "fast food" expectation and you will love it here!
4	A great suburban Mecca for suburbanite kids, their families, even single travelers. Fun for all. As this is their opening night,  seems to be a high school meeting place. This place is like all the other Raising Canes. Great chicken and a simple menu. You can combos or just chicken. The best part is that it is finally in Henderson!I like all their choices. However I got this for the family. I am focused on healthy eating so I am not sure what I could eat here. This is their opening day and it is busy. Definitely an added addition and judging from the teens it will be quite popular. Take out is a bit slow and so is ordering but perhaps it is just opening day!GK says check it out but bring your patience.
4	Best fast food chicken in town. Glad they opened one here on our side of town. The best is the secret crack sauce. This is the only place I would pay extra for sauce. The chicken is tasty and always hot, the sweet tea is wonderful and the Texas toast is great. Not really a fast food eater but I do love canes!
4	This new establishment opened about 1 week ago. This is located on St. rose parkway near St. Rose hospital sienna campus right next to the Tommy's burger place you can't miss it. For someone who is really hungry order the caniac! it comes with 6 pieces of chicken fingers, coleslaw , fries , a piece of bread with two special caniac sauce and a drink all for $8.59. Bam! What a deal! Oh yeah they will charge you 29 cents for honey mustard sauce be aware. Grrrr! I'm a stinking Asian every penny counts for us joke!!:)Fast food establishments aren't my usual cup of tea. But I made an exception with this place. Customer service was great you were pleasantly greeted, the drive through had a long line but they managed to get everyone out if there within 10 minutes. I really enjoyed my food. The thing I like about their chicken fingers is they use lean white meat and the breading was great! Can't go wrong if your on the run and looking for a quick bite.
2	This is a new location and i understand it takes people a few days or weeks to get used to the new establishment. But, I think the staff should of been trained better in taking custom orders.I went here because its close to home in Anthem. And i was happy to see it open!!  Well that soon turned to despair. I Usually hit up the location on Las Vegas Blvd near the outlet mall and they are spot on with everything. Now i will admit i don't order the run off the mill combos from the menu.I Ordered a Caniac Combo No Slaw Extra Toast Butter both Sides with a Sweet Tea NO ICE. The Girl on the intercom seemed confused. She replied what was that? I repeated the order to her. She said ok thank you i will tell them no ice. Great im thinking they got it.Pulled up to the payment window gave the girl my money and canes clubcard, she seemed nice but failed to return my clubcard. I didnt realize till i had already pulled up.Got to the pickup window and the lady was like 2, 3 piece combos? UH No LOL she asked ok what did you have? LOL ok at this point im like wow these people are idiots, So i just hand her the receipt  4 Minutes later she has my order. First she hands me a sweet tea packed full of ice when i specifically said no ice. Then she says she will strain it for me..?? STRAIN it for me? How about dump out the whole cup and refill it. What are you straining it with your hand?? So we get the food and i have to go back into the store to reclaim my canes club card.Just wow never had such an ordeal at raising canes. But after all of that the food was delicious and cooked perfectly. The cooks are doing a great job!! The butter both sides was perfect :)
3	Henderson has a Raising Cane's..Yay!!! Shirley B. doesn't really care for it... Boo!!! #SorryNotSorry!Only reason why I'm here was because I opened my big mouth and told Mr B. He thinks this place is just awesome... smh.. Not going to waste your time going into detail again about my personal tastes. If you want to know scan thru my other RC review. There was no line when we arrived, short wait time for our order but the closer it crept to the dinner hour the busier it got. By the time we left and walked outside, the cars circled around the building! Insane! I get why people dig Raising Canes though. Lots of white meat in their fingers, Texas Toast, plenty of Crinkle Fries, side of slaw and choice of soda or iced teas.  All for 8 bucks and some change. No too bad!  All that starch and the white meat just a tad dry, bland and just not my thing. Oh and I didn't like that dipping sauce..at all!I picked at my meal and stared at the disco ball the whole time. I was fascinated by it. I was waiting for the Bee Gees music to start playing and break out and dance. Ha!The staff was friendly and pretty efficient.  The dining area was pretty spacious although towards the end the line was spilling out the order area and customers in line crammed in aisle by past our table. You can reach this place off St Rose or if you want to go thru less traffic lights just go on Siena Heights off Eastern and cut through the parking lot.  Just keep in mind that the drive-thru gets backed up and if you are parked in front of the joint you might have a difficult time getting out. Yeah that's how popular this place is! But if this place is so awesome sauce why am I the second to review? Come on Caniacs! I know you are out there!
3	Came here with a buddy couple days ago. Overall I'm not a huge fan of Canes. The food, to me, is nothing special. But, the restaurant is kept very clean and the staff are very nice. Cleanliness and staff 4/5, food 2.5/5
3	For a newly opened location, they have a lot to work on already. They seem to be busy pretty much every time I come there, especially the drive thru. But you need to be very specific and DOUBLE CHECK your orders and receipts before you leave. They've gotten my order wrong (4 fingers in a caniac combo?!) and charged me for a whole extra 3 finger combo once. And expect to be here for a while waiting for your food. At least a 15-20 min wait.
3	The food is fair, I hate that I can't get ranch sauce, only cane sauce. They do not allow substitutions so you end up throwing the coleslaw away if you are not a fan. The drive thru takes forever. The tenders are all different sizes, so when you buy in bulk, it does not nessasarly feed the number of people it states.
5	Checked this place out whIle I was in las Vegas I give about 3-4 hours away....  it's very clean  environment & the food was GREAT!!! Fries & tenders plus the bread is very tasty I also had their sweet tea it was pretty good. ill be back soon on my next trip highly recommend to the las Vegas visitor's plus their customer service was speedy & they were very nice
1	This review is of the new raising cane's off of st rose Pkwy. First time to this vendor. Went in to order but for takeout, since I had no idea what to get, didn't want to go through drive thru.. Got the 3 fingers combo, but wanted slaw instead of fries. No prob. Rest of family orders & we go. About 25 minutes later & get to work, & my order has fries, no slaw. Uggg, go back to place to remedy. Yes they fixed it but I' m now 50 plus minutes into this, & they gave me the smallest chicken strips ever. No sauce either. Thought it should come with sauce so that may be my fault. Chicken dry. Not impressed. Not going back...don' t know why the big deal about this place.
1	Maybe it's just me but, I think the fingers are DRY and not very hot  compared to the canes on Las Vegas blvd out by the Belz mall.  And, have alot of kids running the place. It's funny also, I asked for extra dipping sauce and the girl behind the counter goes "HUH" I said huh? How about excuse me?  Lol.. Just my 2 cents!  Late.
4	This place is awesome, glad they opened up because all there locations were far from me. The staff is friendly and fun. Cant go wrong with anything i order here, everything is delicious!  Its a nice open place so there is plenty of seating. This is the best canes in town i think (:
5	Delicious as usual. And great location  closer to home. Chicken is moist, fries crispy, toast is delicious.awesome disco ball
1	Where to begin...I've been to the drive-thru four times. Each of those times, I was shorted one or more pieces of chicken. During my most recent visit, I informed the person at the window that I was missing one piece of chicken. She sarcastically remarked, "Oh no, one piece of chicken?" That pissed me off so badly that I felt like showing her the longest finger on my left hand. Knowing that cooler heads prevail, I refrained from the popular symbolic expression. After all, how could I possibly be upset at someone who cannot count to six? Next time, I will show her how to incorporate the fingers on her other hand. She will be so happy to learn how to count to ten.
3	This place is clean and pretty simple.  If you like chicken fingers this is the place.  Sauce is good, I recommend it.  A good cheap place for lunch or dinner.
3	A good and decent quick lunch spot for people on the run.  The menu is pretty simple, just different combinations of chicken fingers, Texas toast, cole slaw, and fries.  The chicken fingers are seasoned and fried well and come with a house dipping sauce.  Extra house sauce does cost you a little bit though.  I usually get the Box combo or if you're really hungry the Craniac combo.I like the Texas toast, not a huge fan of the fries and cole slaw.  You can substitute the coleslaw, bread, and fries for extra of something else which is nice.  Overall this chain is consistent.  This location has fast and friendly service.
2	I don't get it. Everyone I know, & I mean everyone, loves this place. But I just don't get it. Their coleslaw is watery, the fries are so so, and the fried chicken fingers are just that. Fried chicken fingers. Nothing special about them. The only time I eat here is when I am in a group of people and everyone wants to go and I don't want to be that one person that says no lol.
4	Finally Cane's has a location right by my house that I can walk to. I've been here about 5 times since they've opened and haven't been disappointed yet. Have both dined in and ordered through drive through. Place is clean and service is good. Always quite a bit of people dining when I come in. Food is fresh and delicious. No complaints here! Also be sure to sign up for the Caniac's Club. You get points on every one of your purchases which leads to you getting free grub in the future!!
4	This is my favorite drive thru fried chicken joint. The chicken is always fresh and their special sauce is amazing. Menu is simple since they only keep chicken strips, which makes things easy for customers, but drive through wait can take up to 10-15 minutes during busy schedule.
4	If your a major chicken fingers fan then this is your spot. In general chicken fingers are not something I look for in a menu but I figured since everyone mentioned this place, I might as well try it. Luckily this one is close to where I live. Chicken is moist and is probably one of the best chicken fingers I ever had. Usually at other places either the chicken is dry or the skin is too over cooked and ends up being chewy. A  big plus is it offers a generous amount of sides. Why the 4 stars? I've eaten here at least 5 times the past few months and sometimes the chicken fingers are small. Service in general is good.
