4	Dolcetto Wine Room is a great place in South Park to meet friends.  Outdoor seating is available.  Their prices are very reasonable, you can get a couple of small plates to share and bottle of wine without breaking the bank.  Which is surprising giving it's prestigious location.  The people that work there are very friendly and helpful.  I will rate this 3 goblets.  Wait...... I forgot to say, you will also be supporting local business.  that is very important.  Salute!
4	When I lived in Charlotte and worked in the PTC, this was my second home away from home.. ok, in the top three... The great thing about Dolcetto is that the owner is always on site.. he is really concerned about the customers and they are not snobby about wine at all, so you can ask any questions that you might feel less comfortable approaching at say Del Frisco or Ruth's Chris...You can get flights, by the glass or bottles. Something to note is that their mark up is significantly less than any other wine room in town.  The outdoor area is great as long as no nasty cigar smoking is going on at the cigar place next door...  and they have live music on the weekends... very relaxing and kick back..  you can go casual  or dressy..  a great place to meet friends and share a bottle of wine, some cheese and hummus and a few laughs..The wait staff is great!
4	Went with my friend, the service is not great but not horrible. The wraps was very good, Spinach Club Wrap with chips. The chips were stale, had cotton mouth waiting on my water to be refilled. Nice atmosphere, live music could've been silent for all I care. overall, it was very nice.
4	Fantastic wine list!What I love most about Dolcetto is the monthly Ladies Night--where they have free appetizers and you can enter drawings for some wonderful free stuff including jewelry and wines. They have jewelry out for sale also!Great place to sit in or outdoors and enjoy a glass (or bottle) of delicious wine. Friendly and knowledgeable wait staff. They DO have food! Try the bruschetta!!! What a terrific place to go for a date, or out with the girls!
4	Great location at PTC with a small outdoor patio; very nice on a sunny afternoon.  Their wine prices are great; buy a bottle at retail price (little to no mark up) and drink it there.  They have the BEST Bruschetta I think I have ever had.
5	I know most people won't dole out the 5 stars, but I absolutely LOVE this place!  We got a bottle of Riesling per one of the staffs (Lisa) recommendations!  It was fantastic!  The atmosphere is very much what you would expect from a winery establishment and on the weekends they have live acoustic music.   This is definitely a great place to go to on a first date as well!  There's enough going on around you and it's not super loud and the conversation will definitely flow the more wine you drink! :)   Everyone working was very friendly and enthusiastic to be there, as well as knowledgeable of their product!  Looking at the menu we saw salads and light fare, but will be saving the tasting for a second date ;)  I highly recommend this place for post meal drink or make a whole night of it!!!!
4	Only been there once so it's kind of hard to really give it a true rating - just know that this may change over time.  I just give it a nice solid 4 stars because the employee helped me pick out a nice solid wine that was within price range.  She was very nice about it and didn't look like she picked out the most expensive one nor the cheapest one - I can appreciate that.The patio is sweet as it opens up facing the fountain in the middle and the nights are perfect right now.  I went on a Tues. night, really late, so it was understandably pretty dead.  I'd definitely come here again - I got no problem with it!
3	Really sweet wine spot!  Right on the circle at Piedmont Row, this place has great seating inside or outside.  I had the wine on special - Contempo, which I had never had before and it was DELISH.  Really reasonable prices and huge TV in case the you are with some guys that need distraction from the cougars.  The bartender said they have dessert too which I wish I had room for - will definitely be back!
5	I wanted to give an update on my favorite place to get a glass of wine with my girls (they had a spectacular Ladies Night once a month!)... unfortunately, Dolcetto is no longer in business! Please see below for a copy of the heartfelt email that was sent out by Jeff and Jane to announce their closing. This place will be GREATLY missed!"To our special friends:  Jeff and I want to express our gratitude for your overwhelming support this past week.  We were greatly blessed by your presence and words of encouragement.  Dolcetto represented wonderful relationships and many memorable evenings on the patio.  Our hearts will always remain "open" to meeting you as our friends and enjoying a glass together soon!  Please keep in touch.  Jeff and Jane McNeice"
4	This used to be a usual hang out for me when I lived in Charlotte. I loved the quick lunch options and it is a great place to try new wines with friends. I love that their mark up is not ridiculous on wine. It makes it much more enjoyable and allows you to try more stuff and stay longer.They are great about accommodating larger groups and even though it's not a huge place, it seems very roomy.It is awesome during the summer because you can sit outside and just people watch and chill with a glass of wine.The owner is very cool and always up for a chat. Great place!
