5	Green Source Energy installed my Solar Panel system in Las Vegas.  Initially they came out to survey my roof, and give me their recommendations of how large of a system would be best.  I got two other estimates from other installers in the area, and Green Source Energy was the least expensive.  Jeremy is the co-owner of the company and is highly knowledgeable, low-key, and informative.  After reviewing the system they recommended, and the costs, and estimated power generation, it appeared that with the Federal Tax Credit, the system was indeed a good investment.  I also applied for the Rebate available from NV Energy the local power company and actually got it.Jeremy and Green Source Energy did a superb job in completing the project in a timely manner, keeping me informed at each step.  One of the solar panels was defective, and Jeremy quickly obtained a replacement to minimize the delay in completing the project.   The system has been up and running approximately 3 months and is producing approximately 115% of the projected power output.  After installation, a small water leak was noted under an exterior deck in which solar panels were installed.  I called Jeremy, and he came out on a Saturday, and promptly had his crew come out to attempt a repair.  When the leak still was not resolved, he hired a roofing contractor to come out and repair the problem.  After the repair, Jeremy followed up and checked to make sure the repair was done properly.In conclusion I give Green Source Energy the HIGHEST POSSIBLE recommendation.  They are truly the most professional, timely, responsible contractors I have EVER worked with BY FAR.
5	I choose Robco  Electric after visiting with them and other solar power providers at a home show.  First off, the other provider seemed to be more interested in helping NV Power than me.  I wanted to pay for the system myself, and reap the rewards later.  I worked with Tim Webb and he took care of all the paper work with my HOA and had the system installed well within the time frame we established.  It is fun to sit down at the computer and see how much energy our system has produced.
5	We were thinking of installing solar panels on our house, so we got several estimates from various companies. I was then given the contact info for Bruce at Robco Electric by a friend who told me they were the best and I wouldn't be disappointed. Well of course I called Bruce for an appointment and he came out only a few days later.    First let me start out with Bruce who is the MOST informed individual when it comes to solar electric. All others were mere salesman. Bruce on the other hand, knew the entire industry inside and out. He was also the only company to actually bring samples of the panels, micro inverters, and the installation racking system. He explained all about the federal tax credit and carbon credits you will generate by producing clean energy. Bruce explained in great detail the entire process from start to finish and was not pushing for a sale at all. We were so impressed by Bruce that we signed the contract the next day. Oh, did I forget to mention they were also the cheapest bid. Not by a few dollars either, but by about 15-20 percent. And they were using some of the best components on the market.   Well about 10 days later the installation began (we had to wait for the building permit approval). I apologize now for not remembering the names of the installers but they were some of the most professional and polite people I have ever dealt with. I can't say enough on how great there guys truly were. It took almost 4 full days to install the system. Each day they were here on time and worked their butts off until the job was finished. These guys are true craftsman in the their field.   Once the system was up and running, Bruce returned and gave me a complete book with all the paperwork and warranties. Robco Electric even submitted all the required documents so I can get credit for my carbon credits.   I can't say enough about Robco Electric and Bruce. It was a true pleasure to have done business with them. They are the real deal and I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND them to anyone. If you are considering solar, this is the company for you.
5	I was doing my homework to have solar installed on my home. I spoke to 3 different companies. Got different information from each. All claim to be the best. Wrote down info each gave me then the real work began. Research materials, panel,invertas ,installation and guarantee . A friend suggested to call Robco  electric. They did his.We'll they completed my job July 5.  I have to say they did everything including all the paperwork and permits . HOA approval too. I only had to pay..... LOL...Green source and Robco merged. A solar co. And an electric co.There are three owners Bruce , Jeremy, Tim. All are great. Also ALL of the workers are great. They have the best foreman. He even connected me to the internet.  Fun to watch my production daily on my iPad.June nv bill was 188.88. July 25 days in was 45.00 let's see this bill.This was the first time that there were no problems when I was getting work done.  No stress company. On the other hand my neighbor had solar city install his sept 3. After seeing the install I hope the system works better than the install.  If that was my house I would be crazy. There are sliver pipes running across the entire brown roof and down the side of the house.  Call Robco last you will see there are no salesman working on commission as the others do....  They care. They work on happy customer not have people calling house all day and salesman going
5	I am very pleased with the service I received from Robco Electric.  I whole-heartedly recommend them for anyone considering solar PV for their home.I evaluated several solar PV companies (including one who has radio advertisements claiming to be the biggest installer in the valley).  I concluded that Robco was the best solution: they provide installation services for several of the other companies in town; they are licensed and very professional; and they had the best price.Lenny Clark is my primary contact for the company. Lenny is competent, informed, and friendly. He answered all my questions and ensured that everything was completed as promised.  Ask for Lenny when you call, because he knows his stuff and will help you figure out what you need, without a lot of pressure.The operations team, headed by Jeremy, was very professional and efficient.  Jeremy provided drawings, worked with my HOA to get approval, and coordinated with NV Energy to get the net meter installed.  The installation team, led by Joel, was perfect. They were on time, polite, did what they were supposed to do, and cleaned up every day.  Robco installed the panels, microinvertors, pigeon guard (to keep birds from nesting under the panels) and wireless Internet controller, and coordinated all other aspects of the install, making it painless for me.  I signed the contract in early September, and my system went "live" two days ago (less than 4 weeks). I am very happy with the results.
5	Now three full months with my system.  I am so happy with everything I was told. Today I got nvenergy bill. I have extra kWh to carry over for next summer. Robco knows  what they are doing when they size your system. Great job you deserve 6 stars........
5	I had a solar system installed by Robco Electric.  I dealt with Tim Webb.  From the first meeting all the way through completion, Tim was very informative and always accessible.  I had gotten a few other estimates, only one of which was a little lower.  Tim came close to matching the price, but I received a bigger system and what I perceived as better quality (9,625 Watt DC/9,288 Watt AC).  Robco Electric did a great job on the solar system and was always on schedule.  I do not think a better residential solar power company exists in Las Vegas, and I highly recommend Robco Electric.
