5	Tightly run & groovy establishment. Home of Edinburgh's best weekly Saturday night club The Egg & up and coming last Friday of the month one Club For Heroes. Friendly & concientous staff make for a pleasant bar experience & there's usually plenty of room to cut a mean rug on the dancefloor. Not just one for the bright young things either.
5	I used to come here for The Egg, an awesome indie music night that played all of the New Order, Smiths and Belle and Sebastian that I could handle.  We would get hot and sweaty and jump around like crazy people to "Common People" and "Bohemian Like You."   Truly a fantastic time, I miss having a really great down and dirty indie night that always delivered.Once I snogged this skinny gangly hipster there.  He looked like just the kind of adorably awkward indie boy I so enjoyed.  He walked me back to my flat and walked up the 6 flights of stairs to get in there.  We made out in my kitchen and he used the bathroom on the way out.  After he left I went in there and he had dropped a really smelly deuce.  Nice. I was totally wrong about him being adorably awkward.  I saw him out again and he asked me out on a date.  It turns out he was GORGEOUS, like unbelievably attractive.  Wtf he was doing making out with me I have no idea.  So I built this date up in my head like no other.  He was like a 10 and I was maybe a 6 and it made me really nervous.  We met at a pub and he showed up like 30 minutes late.  Meanwhile I'd already had a pint and was having a delightful time flirting with the old Scottish men in the place and I told them I was potentially being stood up.  When the guy actually showed up, he got a standing ovation from the old men!!!  Turns out he was pretty stupid.  He claimed he had spent like 20 minutes standing outside waiting for me, because of course I would want to meet him outside the pub in a city that is perpetually raining?   This kid was actually one of the dumbest people I have ever been on a date with.  He and his friends once staged a "riot" in a burger king, which is retarded but the one interesting fact about him other than impressively good looks.Anyway, go to the Egg for some great indie music and to snog gangly men, but probably not worth going on a proper date with them.
4	When I first moved to Edinburgh, the local bars bombarded us new students with a million fliers to get us to go to thier pub. Most of them failed by handing out crap bits of card with pictures of half naked women on it. The Wee Red Bar however was special - it gave out bags of corn with the promise that they would pop it for you if you turned up that night. An excellent idea, and it did indeed get us to the Wee Red Bar.The Wee Red Bar is a pretty small place with cheaper drinks than you might expect. It does the standard spirits and mixers and beers/wines etc - but also something called Red Stripe beer, which I had never heard of but found to be rather enjoyable - which is a compliment as I'm not a beer fan.There seem to be some regular indie nights, and over all the atmosphere is very, very studenty - but that might just be the fact Wee Red Bar is so close to ECA.
5	This is a 50% bar. There are only 2 or 3 of these in the world. This is a bar where when I take a good look around, and I rate the potential bachelors (singleness, and actuality of it happening are completely irrelevant) and I agree (with myself) that I would probably, if prompted, sleep with 50% of them. There're beards, black rimmed glasses, sleeve tattoos and guys that play drums. There's Red Stripe in a MFing CAN. All the booze is 2.50. There's PAC-MAN, do you need me to say it again - PAC MAN. There's swanky leather seats UNDER cheapo red christmas lights. They have amateur bands, and sometimes they're pretty decent. It's hipster, but it's in Edinburgh so HAHA, you don't feel self-concious.You know how some people dream of swimming in a bathtub of dark chocolate or chai tea lattes or something? I want to swim in a bathtub of this bar. Friends who I have dined at far classier and swanky places with me, you might want to get to know the REAL ME... and by entering The Wee Red Bar, you will understand my universe.
5	TWO....... only TWO..... yes that's right, you did hear me correctly, TWO pounds for a Corona!!? The Wee Red Bar totally takes me back to being a student in Glasgow, and I friggin' love it! I went here to see a band, and for this you cannot go wrong, great acoustics. I managed to perch up on a rather comfy couch near the bar but could still see most things going on. Oh yeah and I did mention how EVERYONE here is ridiculously good looking??And that they were giving out free sweeties!? (That may have been more to do with the band than the venue.... but STILL!?)Oh yeah and the Corona is only TWO POUNDS! And they have a pac man retro game machine!?This bar is a total gem. I would happily go here every night. Find me some cheap corona, good tunes, a tattooed, bearded lovely chap...... and a comfy sofa. That, plus it makes me feel cool. And that takes alot!
4	Open really late...Fun little hole in the wall...Drinks limited, cheap!
5	Club For Heroes has long since bitten the dust in the last 6 years. The Egg has now gone monthly but everything else still stands, although bar prices have somewhat caught up with those of the outside world.
