5	Arizona Keys Locksmith repaired the ignition on my Grand Am and went above and beyond my expectations.I will definitely use their services again and let all my friends know about Arizona Keys Locksmith.Brian
5	These guys were great. Called them to replace my HOA post office box lock (lost the keys), they were there the next day right on schedule, and had a new lock installed in 15 minutes. Very polite, skilled locksmith; couldn't have been a better experience.
5	Super fast and friendly.  Needed to re-key 5 locks, and the guy was here in an hour and done in under 40 minutes.  Came with 2 keys for the locks.  Much cheaper than buying 5 new locks for the house.
2	So I have used this company before to change out the locks in my business several times. And they have always been fast, professional and decently priced.In the past.As of recently had them come out to put a dummy in one of my locks, and they charged me $100! The owner Levi said he paid $26 a piece for the two dummy's. I looked them up online and the highest price I found for them was $6 including shipping. He was here 5 minutes. Not really happy with this visit. Do not think the pricing was fair this time. Especially since I am a repeat customer. Levi does good work. But think the price was a bit high for what I asked him to do.
5	I used AZ Keys a few times now. He came out to my office in Tempe, fixed an issues I was having with my door and made me a few copy's of the key for me. Levi (the owner) is a great guy, price was fine and best of all he was on time!
4	My car key broke and since I wasn't going to tow it to the dealer to get a new key made, I needed to find someone. I made five phone calls and Levi was not only the most affordable, he told me he would be there in about 30 minutes ( I was stranded up near Cave Creek) and he did arrive in 30 minutes. got the key cut, made a free spare (although it won't start my car, it's just an emergency in case I would lock my keys in the car). He did it quick and I would recommend him and his guys.,
3	I locked my keys in my car after a long day at work. It happens about once a year, and this year, my spare was broken. I called up the company and Levi answered. He was super nice and very honest, and even gave me a heads up call when he was close. He rolled up, and in about 30 seconds, give or take, he had my car door open. I chatted with him and he was pleasant and easy to talk to. We talked for a few minutes and then he dropped a $75 bill. A year ago, when this happened last time, I called up a small company and he was at my house in 45 minutes and charged me $40. I am very conflicted because Levi seems like guy you can trust with your kids, but it's pricey. However, he is very fast and efficient. He is a locksmith, and when it comes to breaking into cars, it's what he's good at.
5	Life. Saver. I seem to lock myself out of the house quite often. Most times I'm lucky enough to be able to pick the lock myself or can call someone who's got a spare. This time, however, I needed something, er...more professional. Used Yelp and found Arizona Locksmith at the top of the search. He worked very hard and it took him several tries on three different doors, but finally got me in. He was probably thinking if he failed he wouldn't get paid because my wallet was inside the house. In any case, I'm very pleased with the service. The next time I get locked out at 1am, I'll be calling AZ Keys instead of staying at a hotel (not like I've done that before...).
5	Pretty quick and seemed professional, Tech was friendly and had a few options, I opted for the re-key option where they re-key the lock to work with a different key, lock still works fine like it did before only the old keys don't work any more which is perfect. I will probably call them next time I need a locksmith though these occasions are too far between so who knows.
4	This guy is so friendly. And he knows what he's doing. He copied my car keys so fast. I recommend him to everyone.
5	This place is fantastic!  I called in the morning to schedule some locks to be changed and got a quote and appointment for the same day.  Reasonable pricing similar to the other locksmiths we have used in the past.  Levi called ahead of time to let me know he was 15 minutes away and had the job done in no time!  He was very professional and nice.  Will definitely use them again and recommend to others.
5	I'm from St Louis,I was in Scottsdale AZ on a road trip.  I rented a car and manege to locked myself out, with my money and camera inside.  My friend who lives in Phoenix recommended I call Arizona Keys Locksmith to see if he could open my door for me.I called and Levi came out right away (I only had to wait about 15 minutes.)He was very nice and helpful and got me back in my car in no time. Wish I had a locksmith this knowledgeable, friendly and affordable here St Louis!Highly recommend!
5	Since moving to Tempe two years ago, I have been quite unlucky with locks.  In such a short time, I have had the locks changed on my condo once, locked myself out of it twice, and then locked myself out of my car once.   I have never had to wait longer than 30 minutes for Levi to get me back in.  While I hate having to call him, I'm always happy with the results.
5	Levi was very efficient and fair in his pricing. Was also sweetLetting my  4 yr old son "help" him do the job !Will use again & recommend to friends
5	Levi rocks!! I needed to have 2 locks changed at my store in Old town Scottsdale..He quoted me the least expensive way to re-key the locks and when that was not an option he gave me an awesome price on 2 new locks!! Very honest, professional and effiecient.. would definately use him again and recommend 5 star to any and all looking for an honest locksmith!
5	I need to preface my review with--- As I started looking for a locksmith, a bunch of shady individuals with mal-intentions came to mind, and to be quite honest, I figured these weren't real customers writing reviews. That being said, I assure you I am a very satisfied customer with absolutely no personal relation to Levi and AZ Keys Locksmith. I've had to deal with locksmiths before, and what usually happens, is that they will low-ball quote you, take your driving column apart, and give you a ridiculous quote, then threaten to leave after its in pieces if you don't want to pay the latter price. After getting several quotes from most locksmiths around the area, I decided to fire on Arizona Keys Locksmith, and I am very happy I did. Although I had sufficient time to make an appointment, Levi was prompt and efficient. He gave me a very reasonable quote, and after all was said and done, he didn't even charge me to cut the lock on my Club(its a Jeep, don't judge me). Levi gives the community that can be questionable a very credible and reputable name. I'm so confident in Levi's knowledge base and integrity, that I can say for as long as AZ Keys Locksmith is in business, I will never call another Locksmith.
5	I did the unthinkable- lost my car and house keys. I called Levi based on other reviews here and was so glad I did. He met me at my car in no time and had me unlocked and a new key made right there. Not only was he so nice, his prices can't be beat. I will use him again if needed!!! Oh and he can reprogram key fobs cheap too!! 5 star service!!!
5	I needed to get my place rekeyed and based on the Yelp reviews I gave Arizona Keys a call.  Levi was professional and friendly the entire process.  We set up a time, he called 20 minutes before arrival as he said he would, he was on time and after explaining what he would be doing got to work and had my three locks rekeyed in 15 minutes!  We were talking as he was working and I happened to mention that I had to drive all the way to a dealership 25 miles away to get an extra set of keys for my car.  He asked if he could see my original and told me he could make a second key for me, no problem.  He even threw in a valet key!  His prices were more than fair, the work excellent and professionally delivered.  The next time I need a locksmith I will be giving Levi a ring!
5	I did a Bing search for a local locksmith...called around and found that AZ Keys Locksmith was the best value. Not only that, but Levi was very friendly, quick, and efficient. I will definitely recommend.
5	I moved into a new house last week and needed all of the locks changed. I booked Levi based on his Yelp reviews - and have to say that everything I read was accurate. He was on time and ready to work. Levi walked me through everything that needed to be done and gave me a fair estimate. Then while I was busy with the movers he quietly and efficiently performed his tasks. Overall I found Levi to be honest, direct, and now I have peace of mind that my home is safe and secure. No hesitations at all to recommend him,
5	My daughter lost her car key while on a day trip.  I reached Levi by phone after checking out his reviews here on Yelp.  Levi was reliable, prompt, and did very fast and excellent work.  His price was more reasonable than some of the others that I called, and I was able to pay him with a credit card over the phone (since my daughter didn't have a payment option available).  Great guy, great service. He did everything he promised, when he promised, and at a good price, too!  I cannot recommend him more highly!
5	Called 3 minutes to closing and was helped. The technician came to my rescue within 30 minutes. My daughter and I were locked out of our car. They were upfront with total out of pocket costs. Unlocking my car after hours was $65 which I found resonible. Quick, good and professional service. I would definitely use again.
5	We cannot thank Levi enough!  He has gone out of his way to help us in emergency situations to help keep our family safe.  For example, today my 2 year old locked herself in our master bedroom.  We called him right away, and he first suggested a few things over the phone.  Then he stopped what he was doing to rush down to help us.  We are so fortunate to have found such a trustworthy, professional, and caring locksmith several years ago and will continue to always call him!  WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND his service!   Levi also stands by his work--which is hard to find these days!  Thanks again!
5	Great price!!! He came out the same day late afternoon no questions asked and did the job plus a little last minute extra. Was extremely thorough and quick. The price was phenomenal as well. I hope I don't have to use locksmith services anytime soon but for any such needs I highly recommend Arizona Keys Locksmith.
5	After a crazy stupid mistake that left my keys (car and apartment) irretrievable, I gave Arizona Keys Locksmith a call. Levi did not disappoint! He showed up at my apartment within ten minutes of my call and it only took him a minute to get into my apartment. He was so friendly, kept me at ease and helped me forget all about the stress of losing my keys. He even answered all of my questions about the business, it was pretty fascinating actually and made me feel a lot safer considering the work he does. All-in-all, he was timely and efficient! Most locksmiths are only open during business hours and this happened to me at night, so I really appreciate that Levi is open a little later and was willing to come out to my place after 7pm. I would highly recommend for any lock needs. He even made me two copies of my apartment key once I got the spare from inside my apartment.  Probably the best experience I could have had in such a stressful situation.
5	You got to love yelp! Found this great locksmith and a great windshield replacement today! Lost my house keys over a year ago (was leaving through garage and using automatic door opener) and finally needed new keys. Levi was on time, friendly and fast. He even gave me three keys for no extra charge. Love getting work done by honest profession people! Thanks yelp and Levi!
5	Excellent Service,  thank Levi!  I would have been lost without you!
5	Bought a new house and had Levi come out.  Not only did he match everything he even had to do some special fitting in order to get the front oval fixture to match.  Would recommend to anyone!
5	Levi's service is top notch!  Super fast response by email and phone, very flexible with appointment scheduling (even Sundays!) and quality work.  I moved to AZ from the East Coast and the move was stressful enough driving out, unpacking, and all of the things to be done, it was wonderful to have the changing of the locks for my new apartment be so easy and stress-free, thanks to Levi.  The best choice for a locksmith in the area for sure!
5	My washing machine had run through its cycle while I was away from the house.  When I got back to open the door to the laundry room from the garage the washing machine was in the way and the keys to the front door were in the house so I needed a locksmith.  I called a few.  When I reached Levi with Arizona Keys Locksmith he explained the low service call offers of others were to get you to schedule them to come out and then they'd charge quite a bit extra.  I called out a couple of locksmith companies on that.  I like being dealt with directly and honestly, as that is the way I do business in my own companies, Responsive Realty and Farley's Farms.  I called Levi back and schedule him to meet me.  He was on time.  He knew what he was doing.  He got me in in a short period of time.  His prices were fair and upfront.  I liked his service and results so much I recommended him to a tenant when they needed locks changed, and to a business associate in my networking group.  Both of them have been happy with him as well.
5	I called Levi out to examine a broken lock on our front door. He came out the same day and explained that whoever installed it originally did so upside down. He fixed it quickly, changed the lock, and provided new keys. I found him to be personable and honest.
5	My key no longer worked, would not turn the deadbolt. Found Az Keys Locksmithwith its great Yelp reviews. Levi was at my house within 30 minutes,fixed the door, the lock, made new keys all for a very reasonable price within30 minutes. A pleasure to do business with this company.
5	I lost my car keys, so we called Levi to come out to make us new keys. He was on time and extremely friendly. Not to mention, he was super fast. We will definitely use him again.
5	I called Levi at 10:30 and he came two hours later to do my work.  This was not an emergency situation.  He assessed the situation, located the problems, corrected them.  He was very thorough.  All in all, he worked for a little over an hour.  I'm very pleased with his service, attitude, and pricing!  I've added his contact info to my phone should I ever need a locksmith for my car.
5	Used this service to re-key my new house.  Levi was great, showed up on time for our scheduled appointment, and got everything done quickly.  He even pointed out one of the doors that wasn't lined up so it wouldn't lock easily - and he was able to fix that inexpensively (I didn't know it could even be fixed, much less cheaply!)  I was impressed, and grateful to have found him via Yelp.
5	Levi rocked it!  I just had remodeling done in my condo and wanted to change my locks and outside hardware for security.  Levi was flexible, timely and super easy to work with.  He not only changed out the locks for my front door, but did the lock on my outdoor storage unit as well.  I highly recommend him.
5	Time to re-key my house.  I called Arizona Keys Locksmith and was given a time that same day.  Levi was on time and he did an excellent job very quickly.  I would highly recommend him to anyone and would call him again.  As a matter of fact I think I will put his number in my cell phone just in case of emergency.
5	I used Levi to help me get into  the house after the front door closed and locked  behind me.   Apparently the inner mechanism was broken, because of the faulty mechanism it was difficult  for Levi to get in immediatly.  After using a few different techniques he did get me in.  He was very patient, professional and  punctual.  I highly recommend Levi and will use him again if the need arises.
5	Called AZ keys locksmith when our lock fell out of the door of our restaurant and Levi arrived in roughly 10-15 minutes after I got off the phone with him!  He was very professional and friendly. The job was done in no time and he made some other repairs to the door itself! He also was able to recommend another handyman for other repairs around our kitchen! We are very appreciative of the work he did and would definitely call him back if we ever have any troubles in the future.
5	Levi, answered immediately & was at my house within two hours. He was fast & efficient & very reasonable. I would highly recommend him!
5	We found Levi after looking at reviews on Yelp. He helped us replace our locks in a new house we recently moved into. He also made a recommendation on a particular lock that led out to our pool since we have a little one. I would highly recommend Levi!
5	Levi was very helpful and went above and beyond to assist me with the lock at the storage unit. He also helped me to put in a few of the items as I was worried they would not fit. He explained everything to me that he was doing before he did it. His pricing was very reasonable compared to other locksmiths I had contacted. Levi arrived in a very timely fashion and got the job done quickly. If ever I need a lock smith again I will certainly call Levi. Honest and hardworking.
5	Levi was fast, he showed up within 20 minutes. Did the job, clean and quick. As much as I could ask for. Fantastic work, and reasonable pricing.
1	Called this company to get a new key for my vehicle. They quoted me a higher cost than going through the dealership by $50. I thought the dealership was high but this company was even higher.
5	Levi was great and super fast. He helped me out in a jam, unlocked the car in well under a minute and honored a coupon I hadn't yet printed. Give him the business if you can at all.
5	Levi re keyed our new house when we moved in. He was very thorough from the beginning, even with giving a courtesy call when he was on his way. There were like 3 or 4 locks with different keys and he recommended making one key for all the doors to cut down on any confusion. He even noticed some of our locks were getting a little rusty from age so he oiled all of our locks as a courtesy to help extend the life of the locks. There is one weird lock I have on my back screen door that doesnt even lead from or through our sliding glass door.  He recommended just leaving it be instead of trying to upsell fixing it, which would really be kinda pointless anyway. The yelp deal was awesome and he was awesome and the whole thing was quick, fast, and pleasant.
5	Levi  was fast, efficient, and affordable.  My car key went missing and Levi came quick and kept his word. When I had a problem he came to fix it ASAP. THANKS
5	Levi at Arizona Keys Locksmith did a super job changing out my lock - he is fast and professional - a real pro at being a locksmith - highly recommended!
5	Levi was timely and professional. Very responsive to additional phone calls I made to him. Works quickly and effectively. Rekeyed two doors for me in about 30 mins. Would recommend to a friend.
5	Levi was awesome! Left my keys in a  hotel room out of town and when I landed in Phoenix, he was at my house in less than 30min. on a Sunday! Would highly recommend!
5	Levi was fantastic. He was at my door very quickly, even after a long holiday weekend. He re-keyed our shed, gate, slider and front door in under an hour.. He was very friendly and patient with all of my questions. The 20 for 10 coupon was an added plus. Highly recommended.
5	Levi came same day and hooked us up with a complete re-key for our new house & casita.  Super fast and reasonable!  Thanks, Levi!
5	I came home from a week long trip to realize my house keys didn't make it home with me. After a few necessary obscenities I fired up my trusty yelp and located a locksmith. I called and Levi answered promptly, and told me he could be at my house in 20 min. (Cue angels singing). He showed up as promised and got me back in to my house fast. After a long day of travel it was so nice to be able to get in so quickly and Levi was so friendly it took the pain out of my mistake. I will definitely be using him again, and recommending him to my friends.
5	When we moved to a new house, I checked Yelp for reviews when looking for a locksmith. Levi was very prompt to change our locks & make extra keys. He had great suggestions, was courteous & a pleasure to do business with. I highly recommend him!
5	Moved into a new office space and needed the locks changed ASAP.  I checked the reviews for a locksmith, hoping to find a reliable company with a quick response time.  I found by far the best company around in AZ Keys Locksmith.  Not only were they quick, but Levi arrived with a smile on his face and was professional and courteous.  He addressed all of my concerns and made some great recommendations.  In fact I've used him twice this week alone.  5 Stars just isn't sufficient enough.  Great service + Great rate = 100% Satisfied Customer
5	Great service from Levi. Levi can over within 15 minutes and also fixed the lock which was loose at no additional cost. I would highly recommend Arizona Keys Locksmith to all!
5	Great experience. Levi answered right away, came over promptly, worked quickly, and was the consummate professional. Oh yeah, his rates were pretty reasonable too. Literally a perfect interaction. Would use again without hesitation.
5	I highly recommend Arizona Keys Locksmith. Levi is very professional and does super work! You won't be disappointed.
5	My husband lost the only key to his car. I called Levi 2nd but knew I'd be calling him back. I'm glad I did. He got to me quickly. He made a key even quicker. He was courteous and professional. I'd definitely recommend Levi to anyone. Hopefully I won't need another key made again but if I do I'm saving his number in my phone.
5	They saved the day today when one of our cleaners from our cleaning company locked herself out of a home with all her belongings inside! Thank you for the prompt, courteous, and professional service. Sarah- Eco Mama Green Clean
5	Someone stole my keys on Mill Ave. and I was completely devastated. I called Arizona Keys Locksmith and they were able to help me not only at a rapid rate but with they best price in town. I thought I was going to have to pay and arm and a leg and wait hours but it was very reasonable and everything was done in less than an hour! If I am ever in a similar predicament, or if my friends need someone, I would definitely recommend Levi!
5	I will sing their praises to everyone far and wide; if you need a locksmith give these guys a call!!! I am 100% satisfied with responsiveness, communication, ease of doing business and professionalism.
5	Called and Levi was out within 20 minutes. Was able to take care of our lock and even matched the old style of the door knob. Very fast and reasonable service. Highly recommended!
5	Levi was available on the same day to install new locks in my home. He was able to arrive earlier than expected. He was professional, funny and courteous. As it turns out I have a very good friend and neighbor who uses hos services as well. I cant say enough good things about my experience. I actually am having him come back the next day to do some more work for me. I also might add, his prices are really reasonable.I will refer him to all my family and friends.The Danziger Family in Paradise Valley
5	I am late in posting my review, but I found Arizona Keys Locksmith on Yelp and they definitely live up to their 5 star rating!  Levi came out same day and re-keyed my house, he was even able to come earlier than estimated.  He couldn't be more pleasant and professional.  Arizona Keys is without a doubt the first call I will make when I need a locksmith.  Levi is the best!
1	They do not have a key cutting shop, very deceptive as they provide an address, the address they gave is the store owners "base".
5	I found Az keys locksmith on yelp and was very impressed by the reviews.  I called an set up an appointment and Levi was GREAT!  On time, quick, and thorough he did an excellent job.  I am definitely putting him in my address book under contractors I can trust and will use again.  Highly recommend :)
