3	Small bar right next to Consol Energy Center.  For the location, the prices are pretty good.  Otherwise in the middle of nowhere, this is a great place to stop and grab a few drinks before heading to a Pens games.  Tons of TVs so you can catch up on other games, and there's a small heated patio out front.They also serve pub food.
1	This might be the smallest bar I've ever visited.  Don't worry, you'll have plenty of room though, because nobody goes here.   It's probably due to a myriad of reasons.During my visit (Saturday around 10pm), my bartender looked like he was stoned out of his mind.  He kept telling me he owned the place (I think not).  Our waitress, who was more interested hooching it up at the bar, told me she was going to burn my lips shut if I ordered another drink.  She then proceeded to go behind the bar and pulled out a hand torch....for effect I suppose.  Needless to say, I was not impressed.How about the beer?  Well, the beer selection is very standard.  If your looking for anything other than Miller, Miller Light, Bud....you might want to go to Sharp Edge.Also, this place is located in the Hill District.  The local thuggery filters in late at night.....which really detracts from the already sub-standard atmosphere.  I probably wouldn't go back unless I am wearing a shank-proof vest.
1	And this is the message the owner e-mailed me.  Seems like custome service is not our strong point?  Hmmmm"Hey Brian, I am the owner of Tailgaters, funny how you were asked to leave due to YOUR Behavior, also funny that I carry over 60 beers not jst the number one selling beers in the country!!!! Anyway I reported you to Yelp and told them to review all your comments because it seems you have had a problem with everywhere you have been??? Is this coincidence? Or maybe your the problem, I have been open for over 3 years Never had an incident and do Extremely Well and have great reviews , very new to yelp but it wont be long till they are all good here as well, funny not only pro athletes and coaches as well as professionals and residents from the plaza who gather here and have a blast , I do have an attorney and I will come after you for slander, watch what you say because you got shut down and then asked to leave!!!!!!!!!!! Jackie"And my response:Hey Jacqueline H, I don't care who you are.  The way you have gone about this situations only brings more attention to you. This is probably worse for you than it is for me.I have plenty of time to post about my own personal experience at your bar, but not nearly enough time to entertain your less than stimulating questions on a constant basis. If my review concerns you so much, you should consider retraining your staff. If you put as much effort into running your bar as you do with harassing patrons that give your bar less than stellar reviews, you'll be just fine. In regards to you coming after me for slander, let me give you a brief law class, I've taken a couple myself. Slander is a defamatory remark made or communicated orally. Libel, on the other hand, is the written publication of a defamatory remark. Tell your attorney you want to come after me for libel NOT slander, that should get you on the right track. Cheers and BLOCKED!
5	Best place ever!  Like a family!  I'm here all the time.  I'm originally from NYC, this place has become my home away from home.  Just like my Cheers!  Great food, drinks, and conversation.
5	Great place to go before and after any event at console energy center!!
4	Fun place to watch games.. And they have GREAT! Bar food yummy.. Make sure u get the hippy wings... Mmmmmm
2	Came here a few times because it was at the bottom of our apartment. The food is okay but the service could be better. Most of the time people are in the kitchen and not actually paying attention to customers. I've experienced far better service in way busier bars.
1	Not impressed. I supposed if I lived in Washington Plaza, and I did (past tense) they would be ok for a burger if I really hate cooking.  Or a place to have a cigarette, at the outdoor seating, under cover. Bar is okay. Staff is inattentive.Ordered a pretzel appetizer that never arrived. Ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. "Fresh" bun was stale ... Hard on one side.  "Grilled" chicken was burned... Not nice grill marks, charred black on one side and almost as bad on other.  No mayo, no setup, just burned chicken, grilled onions and red pepper, stiff bun.  Fries were okay. Would guess fresh cut. A tad greasy.Took forever to get check; the place is small and only a quarter of the seats were filled at best.Okay for a drink, but skip the food.
