4	I've only experienced the original cheffinis once at about 1 am with a good buzz going. So you can imagine it was the most delicious hot dog ever. It might have been the alcohol, it might not have been I can't say for sure.  BUT I do crave it so maybe there was something there. When Ty told me there was one going up in the container park I told him it was a must!  Plus little man loves the playground there so he never days no. We went on a Saturday which is normally busy but we think the gloomy weather may have had something to do with it because the amount of people were manageable. As you walk by the giant praying mantis into the park, cheffinis is located past the coffee shop on the left side where the old pork and beans was. If you've ever been in it before you know how absurdly small it is. They replaced the long middle table for three tall tables on one side and a short table that stretches the length of the window.  The menu is available above the order counter. The selections varied slightly and came with preselected toppings. There was an option to get a naked dog and add two toppings of your choice plus sauces for the price of $4.99. For me that's normally what I would go for, but the El Mexicano stood out to me. That will run you $6.99 not including drink or side. El Mexicano - this was a bacon wrapped all beef dog (you have the option of beef, turkey or vegan)  with a cherry pepper relish, green sauce, garlic aioli,  Chipotle guava, onions, tomatoes, avocado and a cilantro garnish. Lots of flavor and lots of spice! The hot dog was super juicy and had that snappy crunch when you bit into it. And all the toppings kept my taste buds going!  Delicious!!  We didn't try any sides and thankfully because the one hot dog was plenty. I was stuffed to the rafters. I was a bit disappointed in the iced tea we had. It tasted sour like tea does when it's old :/.  But overall a great experience and I will come back when we are in the container park.
4	I stopped into this new addition at the Container Park after work and decided to start with the litmus test:  Naked hot dog with just mustard and onions.  I wanted to actually taste the hot dog, not just guess what it tastes like under mounds of toppings.  The hot dog was nigh perfect!  Good and tight on the outside, moist and tender inside and full of flavor.  The bun was not mushy and added well to the experience.   Reminds me of the great concession dogs you would get at a theatre or ball park before they invented the dreaded steam roller.  The dog was an A+.  Totally worth 5 bucks.My complaint comes with the drink, at 3 dollars and small, it seems it added a lot to the total price without any real value.  Several places nearby have the same size for almost half the price.  Also something wrong with the lids they use, wouldn't stay on and leaked so much, I did away with it quick.Overall great food and choice, but think drink should find a bit lower price point.
3	I'm pretty glad that Cheffini's managed to evolve from a cart to a standalone restaurant. The glorious hot dog is one of the most perfect foods to follow a drunken pub crawl around downtown. It gives me a reason to set food once again in Container Park - a place that didn't interest me much before.Keep in mind that you're getting gourmet hot dogs in here. A plain dog will cost you $4.99, with the fancier stuff going more toward $6-9. ~$8 is a little much to pay for one hot dog, but hey, I could tell they used some quality ingredients into my dog, so I'll let it slide. If you are more of the "quantity over quality" type, you may have to sit at a nearby casino cafe and order a gigantor hot dog that they usually serve for a couple bucks.Price point aside, the hot dog I got was very good. I got the Crunchy Dog - a hot dog concoction with all sorts of crunchies all over it (bacon, potato chips, fried onions, etc.). It's also topped with nori (seaweed) and sriracha mayo to give a bit of an Asian twist. I wasn't necessarily blown away by it, but it was still good.Would I come back? Probably. The price point is something that I'm starting to see from all renovations going around east downtown. There are times that I crave a hot dog and go out of my way for it. Cheffini's does one good and it's definitely some of the best in the area.
5	I love this place. Great dogs and  great beer selection.Make sure to try the Grandfather, one of the best Hot dogs I've ever had. Highly recommend it.I can't wait to go back!
4	First time here at Chefinis and we were really impressed! They have some very unique hot dogs and the taste was pretty great. The beef hot dog is very hearty and juicy. The buns were soft. The toppings were fresh. Definitely recommend. The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was due to the price. It's pretty expensive for a hot dog. All in I got The Grand Father dog, a side of fries (which were huge, definitely shareable) and a cup of water and it cost me $14. To be fair, I'm looking at the menu right now and it looks like The Grand Father dog is the most expensive one at $9. I think the price is mainly due to it being located in the container park, and everything is a bit pricier in here. Overall, definitely recommend it!
2	Food is ok but I dont see why it takes 20min plus to get a kids hotdog.  Worst service.. itsxsucked as pork n bean container and its sucks now as cheffinis.  Its so sad it could be a great place if the owner knew whats what and trained his staff.  The countergirl could not take my ordrr cuz she was counting by er drawer and other ppl were waiting on food and did not pay either cuz she was counting. Tastes ok executed poorly.
4	We get a hot dog almost everywhere we go especially if it's unique, we had to go with The Grand Father...it was just over flowing with toppings. The hot dog itself was nothing all that special and the bun didn't stand up too well to all those toppings but the combo of all those different flavors and textures (mango, spicy mayo, pork belly, potato chips, etc) was well worth it. The prices are steep $8.99 for our dog but it's to be expected in a touristy and trendy section of Downtown LV. Staff was friendly and helpful, our food came out pretty fast even on a busy Sunday.
5	Great choices of gourmet hot dogs,great customer service. Staff is very nice and friendly.My favorite hot dog is the Mexican, it a bacon wrapped with fresh avocado on top.There is also have delicious Colombian empanadas that you can enjoy the food while you drink a cold, refreshing draft beer.Definitely recommend this place!
5	This place is amazing! I have been going to the cheffinis hot dog stand on Fremont street before this official spot opened. I Just came for the first time and I HIGHLY recommend it !! The cheffinis dog is obviously my favorite and the empanadas !! They also serve great draft beer! Loved it.
4	Tiny little spot but the staff is super friendly and even with a line out the door, the service was really fast. With plenty of seating outside on the patio and a nice view of the unique container park. I tried the el mexicano and it was seriously good!  Loved the crispy bacon wrapped around the dog... added a nice crunch!   Will definitely go back and try more
3	Here are the Cliff Notes...What's good about Cheffini's?-Located in Container Park.  -It's quick-Their hot dogs are pretty good. I prefer the Beef Naked Dog with absolutely nothing on it.  It's suppose too be naked, right?-Their sliders.  IMO, the best item at Cheffini's-The Beef Empanadas-The employees are awesomeWhat's bad about Cheffini's?-The price: $5 for a "plain as can be" hot dog.  I expect to pay upwards of $5 for a plain hot dog at a movie theater or a football game, but not at Container Park.  They're dogs with all the fun stuff will set you back around $10.  -The beef empanadas are good, but they're tiny.  They're more like empanada bites.3 Stars because Cheffini's Hot Dogs is A-Ok.
5	Great food, great service! If you are looking for a unique quick treat while shopping, these dogs are for you! I tried the Crispy Dog... Who thought seaweed and crushed potato chips would be great on a dog?! Next time I bring the fam, I'm trying the Grandfather. Keep up the great work!
