5	I used to live very close to this Banfields and now I moved further away. However, as they took such great care of my 14 year old dog, I will drive across town to take both my dogs there instead of finding a closer location. They pay very close attention to my dogs and actually do follow-up calls to ensure they are okay after vaccinations.
1	Worst vet experience I have ever had!  I wish I could rate it less than a star.  The funniest part is this line from their bio "A great local veterinarian loves your pet (almost) as much as you do".  What a JOKE!  These people only care about money.  They almost killed my 13 year old dog.  I had to end up searching the internet and diagnosing her problem myself and then going into their office and demanding the type of antibiotic she needed.  Within 24 hours of giving her the medication, she could walk again.  This was enough to make me find a new vet.  I wouldn't send my worst enemy to this place, they are the worst ever.My dog was very nervous at the vet and I informed them of this multiple times.  They put you in an exam room and leave you there for extended periods, one day I was in there for 45 minutes before the vet came in and then only because I went out to the desk to see what was going on.Another time, the vet went to the cafe next door to have his lunch minutes before my appointment time and left me sitting therefor 35 minutes before my husband went next door and told him he had better get back to our appointment. I wrote a long letter to the head office of Banfield and nobody ever bothered to reply. Thankfully I found a new vet and my dog managed to live until the ripe old age of 17 under their care.STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION.
5	This location has taken great care of my puppy since I first brought him here about 5 months ago.  He received all his shots here and they made sure he was ok with check ups and even informed me of what to look out for just incase he has any allergic reactions.  I did call to ask questions a few times about different things and they were more then helpful and patient with me when i called.  I really like how they treat you like a family member and not just a patient.  Definetly will recommend to friends.
5	We found a tiny stray puppy and went into pet smart to purchase a few supplies. I stopped by bansfield to ask what kind if food I should purchase. Edna, at the desk, immediately gave our puppy cuddles and brought the vet out to see her. We could not find the owners and ended up signing up for the puppy wellness plan. Our first visit was wonderful, there was an emergent situation, and we had several pop ins from the nurse explaining the delay. They called after the first visit to check in the pup. Very caring and personal service.
5	This place is fabulous when it comes to get his check ups. Every 6 months we get a comprehensive exam. Dr. Roach is very friendly and professional and the girls from the front desk are also very nice and helpful.
5	This place is excellent! You can't beat the pet wellness plans they have. They save you a ton of money on pet care, especially if you have problem doggies. The staff here is super friendly, and they are very thorough with their exams. They even clipped my dogs nails for free so I didn't have to make a second stop at the groomer. I did not have a long wait, they are very efficient. Definitely recommend them!!
5	This place is great! Everyone is so helpful. Speak to Edna at the front desk about the wellness plan which is a great idea if you have a new pet!! Very happy with our first visit !!!
