5	If you read my profile, you'd see that I anticipate my last meal being some type of pizza. If I have the option, you can bet it will be from Papa Murphy's!If you're not familiar with Papa Murphy's, they are a "take and bake" pizza place, meaning that you get your pizza prepared at the shop, take it home, and bake it yourself. This helps drive down the extra costs you incur when you order delivery.The pizzas themselves are FANTASTIC! They have several different styles of crust from which you can choose: Thin, Hand-Tossed, or Stuffed. The first two types are pretty self-explanatory. But the "Stuffed" pizza is a completely different beast. It's essentially a pizza within a pizza. I can only confirm that it looks incredible...I'd never be brave enough to actually try it. I'm afraid I might have a heart attack after the first bite!The pizza with which I am the MOST familiar is the Chicken Bacon Artichoke. It comes on a thin crust, and it's absolutely LOADED with the aforementioned toppings. We, being a family of three, usually opt for the Family Size pizza. Though, sometimes it feels like that might be a bit much...but it's just so good! Now, this location is newly opened. Of course, the facility is in immaculate condition. My initial fear was that the new location meant new employees. But, it appears that they may have imported experienced people from different locations. Upon entering, every person in the joint greeted me. Each employee was well-versed in their craft, as every pizza they made while I was there looked AMAZING! There were even a couple of the employees in the background showing off their pizza-crust-spinning abilities! (MAN I wish I could do that!)Now, the thing that sets this place apart, for me, is what happens AFTER they finish making your pizza. They wrap the pizza, and they always double-check to make sure you know how to prepare the dish when you get home...after all, not everybody is a pizza lush like me!!! After they're sure you know what you're doing, they walk your pizza around the counter, hand it to you, and then they hold the door open for you!!! I know it doesn't seem like THAT big of a gesture, but when you're trying to hold a man-hole-cover sized pizza in one hand, and a three year old in the other, that gesture makes all the difference in the world!I've been to Papa Murphy's all across the country. Before this location opened up, the closest one to me was the one on Union Hills. Now that this location has opened up on Greenway, I fear for my waistline. I am certain to have to double up on those self-control exercises...otherwise, this place WILL be the last meal I eat!
4	what a surprise, very good pizza
3	Good toppings and this location is very friendly. Not crazy about the prices, large pepperoni, unbaked, $12? Try $8But my kids like it!
2	This Pizza is not any better or cheaper than the equivalent places that deliver.  Add to that the inconvenience of having to pick it up and cook it, and it is just not worth it at all.
3	Nice folks but Mediterranean salad was deceiving.  Looked like it was chock full of goodness, but proved to be just on top and rest of container was pure lettuce.  Wife had to add her own ingredients to complete it.  Cave Creek & Tatum makes a much better salad.
