2	Pretty soon, they will replace this club with something else. When that happens, it will probably be a pretty cool club.
2	Best time ever: my buddy Alan refused entry because of his shoes, even though the white dude in front of him got in with the same shoes, no problem. Also, my friend Greg got booted because he was so drunk that he puked on the dance floor on the second level. If you've been here, you know why that's so funny.
4	Lots going on, had a pretty good time.
3	Eh.....alright atmosphere, I guess.  Waited in line for about 30 minutes at 1:30 this morning. Got in @ about 2am and left about 4:00. Nothing special. Go-go dancers on trapeze and one male dancer (never seen male go-go dancers at a club before). The crowd was extremely diverse to the young-uns (21 year olds to folks in their 50's).We were about to turn in for the night and be old fogies (who sleeps at 1am in Vegas?!) because we were going to wake up early to pack up and leave on time this morning but we decided we didn't want to go to sleep yet and literally decided at 1 am this morning to go out. We were contemplating on which club to go to and we recalled seeing Studio 54 while walking through MGM and decided at the last minute. (I actually wanted to go to Tao @ the Venetian)The DJ pretty much sucked last night. I dont think we'll be back at this one anytime soon...(OMG, Vegas is sweltering at this time of the year!!!)
4	I went to this place from around 3am to 5am, and there was still a pretty good crowd. The music kept me dancing the whole time, meaning it was good, and my friend was the only thing reason I didn't stay longer.
3	There's definitely a "wow" factor when you first walk in and there's dancers and acrobatic stuff. But after you battle to the bar and dance for a while... it just doesn't seem as cool. I went before midnight as the girl half of a couple and we hardly had to wait at all, so you might want to go early and check it out while there's still time to go other places if you don't dig the scene.
4	I love this club. The music just energizes me throughout the night and morning light. Love the go go dancers and the people swinging on the trapeze. Just one complaint. It gets too hot and there's not enough air moving throughout the club.
2	The BEST part about this place was this BEAUTIFUL male go-go dancer. He was probably the best looking, best dancing, dancer, I have EVER seen in my life. Too bad he was gay. Too bad for me, that is. The music sucked, until about 3 AM.. It got better after that. Damn, by then, I'm too fucking tired though! They did have some cool acrobatics up above.. kinda Cirque Du Soleil-esque.. kinda cool.. WHY CAN'T ANY OF THESE GOD FORSAKEN CLUBS PLAY DECENT MUSIC?? Even consistent Top 40 would have been ok, but NOOOOOOOO... what is UP WITH THIS Rock N' Roll/Trance mixing shit?? Jebus.. It's unbearable..Oh, they had lockers. That was cool, cuz we had like 5 jackets.. haha..The dudes were pretty much all barf too. Except one, but he liked my girl.. too bad for him, cuz she had a man.. HAHA..Oh well... I still managed to get my dance on and ROCKED it to Holla Back Girl.. HAHAHA..
2	Wow the music here really blew. The DJ was playing all the annoying songs from 2 years ago. I felt like he probably would have played Genie in a Bottle but I didn't stick around long enough to find out. Getting in was easy enough as VIP and the door guy was nice about letting my friend in with his white tennis shoes, so they get an extra star. Funny though after seeing the huge line out the door at 11.30 that the place was half empty. I always laugh at shit like that, because it causes people so much grief and really can't help the club. Whatever. We went upstairs to where Chuck Liddel of UFC fame was having an after party and things were decent for a while. The dancers are skilled, but not enough to carry the place. Bar service was choady and expensive. The people in here were a diverse mix of drunk 25 year old guys to drunk 50 year olds dancing alone. So many guys, so few women. No repeat.
1	Hmmmmmmm places that doesn't live up to their namesake...A poor facsimile attempt that does not  do the REAL STUDIO 54 justice...
2	Boo!  I was here once, and it was horrible.  Just like any other club, it offered a too loud atmosphere with nowhere to sit and overpriced drinks with horrible music blaring.  How do people put up with it?There was a decent little acrobatics show that didn't offend me too much, and the go-go dancers were kinda fun to laugh at.The clientele was very odd.  Not the mixture of bros and..uhm..companions at other clubs, a weirdly older and perhaps societally inept mix filled this place.Again, it was just weird.There's no reason why anyone should want to capture the spirit of this place's namesake, but this place surely falls short if that's the goal.One star for a picture of Elton John on the wall that successfully helped us complete a running Elton John joke of the night.
4	My first time to Vegas back in 2004 and I really had a great time at Studio 54.  It has a real retro vibe and the best place is to be on the second floor overlooking the dance floor where the girls will be swinging on a moon and doing some trapeze stuff.  It was really cool, classic club.  The crowd was very diverse, young to old.  Met some cuties there.
3	So me and my buddy got to Vegas that fateful Tuesday around noon. We immediately went to Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville and loaded up on several Patron margaritas. Afterwards, we went to Imperial Palace where I played blackjack and in a drunken stupor, my buddy sprayed these two old ladies with his Corona while trying to lime it. Needless to say, we were two steps from blackout very early in the game.After much preparation, and basically in that state when you've drank a lot and you're trying to get as drunk, if not drunker, as you were before but you're just too full from all the food and drinks you've eaten and drank. Is that even a sentence? Anyway, we're at Studio and several drinks just haven't gotten us even close to buzzed. Both of us actually feel pretty sick because of being so full. What's going to fix the problem. Hmm. I know. A shot of Patron. One shot of Patron later, I was on my way to the bathroom, trying to hold off my need to puke. My buddy had his arms over his head, his eyes closed, and his breathing slowed down. What a terrible idea.From what I remember from that night, Studio 54 definitely has a cool vibe to it. It was the PURE and Tao of Vegas before PURE and Tao were there. Drink prices were reasonable, and they had Go Go dancers come down from the ceiling.
4	54 is actualy quite a fun place.I didn't know what to think with the name and when I got inside (after going home to change my shoes because they don't want you wearing anything that is at all sporting) I was kinda like, meh.  They don't rock a theme as hard as many other places in Vegas but that aside it was a rather good club.  The music is a toss up but they play enough top 40 that you can have fun.  Drinks are standard club quality and they do a good job of keeping them flowing.  I did really enjoy the show as it is a good distraction when you pony up to the bar to refill.The straight-standard night club, top 40 mixedWhat's good-nice crowd of people, trapeze show is funThe slap-tards about footwear music mix could be better
4	Had fun here, the VIP skybox is very cool, and all tables overlook the dance floor.  Music was so-so, I liked a few of the other clubs better.  Met a lot of fun people here on industry night (tuesday).
2	It was my first time going this past weekend.  The line was really long, but we had some passes to get in front or whatever.  It was alright I guess....I expected more, but really nothing spectacular.  Drinks weren't too expensive....but music was bad.  There were a lot of old people there, so it was kinda disgusting having them grind in front of me.  Maybe if I was drunk I would've had more fun?  Oh, and the VIP area is pretty small and just not very "VIP-ish"  But I have to say the host at the door was really nice.  I forgot his name, but he said he'd hook us up to get into Pure....we didn't wind up going to Pure but it was still really nice of him to offer :)
3	Meh. This club has lost it's lustre...let me explain. I had been to Studio 54 3 years ago for a girls vegas weekend, and I had a blast...they had a good mix of music from the 70's, 80's and 90's, and good drinks, and I met a cool guy to dance with. So i was really looking forward to going back with my girls a couple weeks ago. Something has changed, and I no likey. First bad thing right as we get there- they are charging women $20 cover charge to get in! I am only mad because it used to be free for chicks. Don't get me wrong, guys, I don't expect to get in everywhere for free, but I guess since I was already spending tons of cashola in Vegas I was looking for cheap entertainment, and that was partially why we went here. Then we had to pay. Ech. So then we walk in and granted, we were kinda early, but it was like high school with the guys standing next to the walls and some random girls dancing alone. My girlfriends wanted to give the dancefloor some time to warm up, but it wasn't, it just took a long time. Maybe because they were playing crap music. I went there expecting the same as last time, which was a fun mix of pop songs through time. If I wanted rap and straight hip hop I would have gone to RA at the Luxor. I dunno, it was just one of those funky nites when nothing felt right, even the drinks were weak. So I won't be going back here. The only cute thing was the fact that there was an 80 year old man on the dancefloor alone, dancing to his own internal groove.
3	Great time, but having been to the original one in NYC when in my teens, can't say this one is 'wilder' like their website claims.More later...
4	Had a great time here but I think its for one reason and one reason only....we ended up at 3 tables in VIP with bottle service...and didn't have to pay a dime for it! It pays to be with a group of 10+ girls out for a bachelorette party. Anyway, we danced danced and danced. Good music and our cocktail girl kept the bottles full and flowing. And the bouncers were even nice enough to help us out to the cab when the bride to be had a little too much to drink and could no longer speak a coherent sentence let alone walk. I can't say anything one way or another about the other parts of the club but we all had a fantastic time in VIP. GET BOTTLE SERVICE! makes life so much easier!
4	Had a good time here when I went in February. The dancers that do the acrobatic tricks are awesome. Like everything in Vegas, it's a bit pricey. The drinks were pretty watered down and insanely priced as well. However, if you want to experience LV, this is a place you want to go. Get there early though, because there will be a long line to get in.
3	I'm not an expert when it comes to dance clubs...but here goes:While waiting in line for the club to open (we were the first ones, and holding space for our group of six) there was some hype about Studio 54 taking on the name of the infamous club in NYC.  There was discussion about who had the movie on their Netflix queue.  And then there was my guy agreeing to pay $200 for a VIP table and $375 minimum for bottle service and I was ready to run away.  But hey, this was for a friend's birthday -- a friend who had moved out of town several months ago and we hadn't seen since July when we went to visit their new place.  Okay, what the heck.The rest of the group arrived after seeing their show (O at the Bellagio) and were ecstatic to find we have booked a table in the VIP lounge.  Turns out, it's probably one of the best ways to enjoy a night in a club.  You can actually sit down!  On a comfy couch.  And the guys definitely enjoyed being "served" by the waitresses in their sequin-covered bikini tops and miniskirts.The music was boring and unbearably loud, but they had the heavy dance beat going.  The dancing go-go girls were terrible.  The acrobatic girls on swings and stuff were interesting the first time around, but I felt like it was a very old gig.  That's what it was -- Studio 54 felt old.  Perhaps this is the style they are aiming for.  As I said earlier, I'm not an expert.  But I recall much nicer, fun and entertaining clubs in LA, especially the euro-pop dance music that was all the rage in West Hollywood.  Studio 54 was playing late funk in an old-fashioned arena, and it just didn't work for me.BTW, the second $400 bottle was wasted on our table, since our friend ended getting kicked out for trying to take a picture of one of the go-go dancers...hopefully, someone else in the lounge was able to enjoy it!
2	I wouldn't waste my time coming here when there's plenty of other better clubs in Vegas.  It was not horrible because I had fun, but I'd rather spend my clubbing experience elsewhere.
4	I'm sure many people, when they saw the original Studio 54 in New York close in 1979, ever thought it would ever come back. Well, if you know anything about Las Vegas, it's where the dead come back to life. Even the walls of Studio 54 Las Vegas are adorned with paparazzo Felice Quinto's black and white photography, just so you can feel like you are really there.Studio 54 underwent some remodels back in 2005. From the second floor, you now can see the dance floor in it's entirety. Just in case you want to keep an eye on the next person you want to dance with or make fun of those crazy dance moves your best friend is doing. The club holds 2,000 plus guests, so I'm sure you'll find plenty of people to watch.Unlike most clubs, Studio 54 has female AND male gogo dancers, flanking the dance floor. You'll notice, they aren't pulling out any disco moves, so you shouldn't either. Throughout the evening, take a look up, you might see an aerialist, confetti falling from the ceiling, or maybe even the infamous disco ball. With so much to keep you occupied here, you may not want to leave.
3	Go here once, then scratch it off your list.  This club sets itself up for failure by trying to live up to storied and infamous history of the original New York City discothque. It's simply not possible and often not worth the effort to recreate once in a lifetime type of establishments.  Nevertheless  it is fun.  I did enjoy the acrobats above the dance floor.  Word of advice: Buy a VIP pass to get in or you'll be waiting a while and why waste a moment of fun time in Vegas!
1	Despite the fact that I had about six drinks in me by the time I was coerced into going here, it sucked pretty hard.Do you get the feeling that if someone turned a hose on Vegas girls, they would disintegrate?  That, or it'd be hot.  Maybe Studio 54 should try it.I had my "I was forced to sit in a port-a-potty and listen to Jack Johnson for a whole hour" expression on my face the entire time we were here.  Vegas is scary.
2	booooring. i felt like i was hanging out with my parents friends. but the go-go dancers were pretty good.
3	this was the best club we went to that friday night (after tao and pure- see reviews) just the fact that we could actually dance and have some extra room to wave our arms around made us happy. the music was pretty good at first, but towards the end of the night it became trance-y and just sounded all the same and was kind of annoying. the crowd is older (probably in their mid thirties)
3	We got into Vegas really late on a Friday Night so didn't end up even getting out to a bar or club until about 1:30am but Vegas is supposed to be a city that is always going!! So we went here and paid the cover since it was so late, even though the club was not super packed so the cover really shouldn't have been enforced....The light up signs and hanging chandeliers inside add for a nice touch to the environment but overall this club was not what I thought Vegas should be like...but hey it was late and the drinks at least were strong!The acrobats/hot ladies dancing and performing on trapezes above the dance floor made it feel a little more like vegas, but the guys here were not attractive enough for my group's liking but at least there was decent music. One of their dancers basically was michael jackson complete with the one glove and fedora hat so that was pretty hot--basically when he came out all of the girls there just stared in awe ha
1	First time I went there was 3 years ago and the music and the cover were ok. My last experience was completly different the cover was ridicolous completly overrated and the music wasn't as good as it used to be. Security service was inexistant, a fight started next to us a when security realized that it was almost over...
4	i came here more than once and it was not for the music or the people.it was always plan b and we always had to make fun for ourselves.*EDIT*04/28/08Came here last saturday for my friend's joint bachelor/bachelorette party.was a lot more crowded than past times. we went up to the second floor and had a nice, cozy, and semi private party up there. try it!
1	This place sucks!!!  If you're not "beautiful", vain, and stuck up, don't waste your time going here.  The drinks are super small, super weak, and super expensive.  That's after you fight the crowd to get to the bartender, who then seems to ignore you for 20 minutes before you can order your drinks.  After 1 round, I threw my empty glass on the ground, it broke, and we got the hell out of there just as we heard security being called!!!  I was so angry I wasted my money on that garbage.
1	It was a packed night at the MGM Grand.  The UFC fight had just let out.  People were flowing through the casino like a flood.  Beautiful women in skimpy outfits.  Meatheads walking around showing off their buff arms with antiquated tribal tattoos....Studio 54's entrance fee? Table/Bottle service only (only because we didn't any ladies in our little troupe).  So we spent the $ on the table with 3 bottles minimum.  OUCH!!  But hey, we don't go to Vegas that often, why the hell not?Music was really awesome.  The DJ mixed better than betty crocker.However, the scene was really really BAD!  So many MILFs!! Where did they come from?  I can't see that many flowing out of the fight.  But, ther they were, shaking their wrinkles and letting it all fly out.  Blech!  Not to mention the women to men ratio was pathetic.  It was a real sausage fest on a Saturday night.  WTH!??!Do not go here...ever.  I read the reviews and thought those reviews were based on just one random occurance, but nope!HEED THE BAD REVIEWS ON YELP!  THEY'RE ALL TRUE!! Got to Tryst instead.
2	Went here with a few of my buddies around February , against the advice of one of my friends who used to live out here.....I really wish I would have taken his advice. This place is just really weird and uncomfortable. First off, it's really expensive to get in, and the bouncers who were holding up the line were just obviously doing so in hopes that it would make it look like there were some many people in here that you had to wait to get in. The crowd was a weird mix of cougers, call girls, and the occasional midget, 6"8 man with a purse, and plenty of gay dudes falling on the dance floor (not kidding about any of this by the way).     You might also want to rob a bank first before you get here, because the money you'll spend on drinks in here is that insane. I can't remember what they charged for a budweiser, but when I bought three of them and was given my total, I felt the beer come back up my throat a little. I haven't been to that many clubs in Vegas yet, but I doubt that hitting up this place will be very high on my list of places to go when I come back.
1	Hay I went to a crappy niteclub in Atlantic City just the same as this one! (save your money).GA lines were not that long. Guest list was ~10mins. Cheap to get in. If you cant dress yourself, or havent seen a mirror for a while - your in luck here!  Bouncers dont seem to enforce any dress code. Theres a few dancer girls and some half nakid dudes. As typical in LV, no where to sit unless u booked a table. Most of which are hidden away from the action and u have to walk to get a view of anything. Music was ok. Loud without being distored. Highlight of the nite was the ballons dropping from the ceiling. Just becase its SO original.I dont recommend, but you can tell your friends you went and you might get some props as long as you dont send them this URL.
3	Had a good time, chatted a bit w/a REALLY hot bartender who poured me and my bros good drinks all night. The acrobats above the dance floor were gorgeous and insanely talented. But this didn't seem like the kind of club to meet new people, everyone was a LiL stand-offish. Many locals were there when I went, they seemed to be the friendliest out of the bunch. Actually the coolest person I met besides my bartender was the ladies room hostess! A slightly over 30 y.o. Mexican lady, she was kick ass. Guys were $20 to get in, girls $10. I have a couple of VIP passes so I'll go back eventually when I find my way back to the MGM. I'd like to see if the scene changes for the better the next time I roll into town.
2	Its been a few years since I've been to 54. Normally you run into the people who just attended a concert/event at the arena. It appears that they dont enforce the dress code. There were some patrons who were barely covered up with so called "clothing"Positive: Decent music.Negative: Too small and PriceyIf you're lucky, you may run across a celeb (as my one friend did...lucky itch!)
4	I went on a tue and so wasn't expecting much.  The place was packed!!  I usually just like to dance to hip hop but the dj that was there this night played everything but just the right songs to keep me movin and smiling!  even on a tue they had ladies swinging from the cieling throwing confetti!!!  I felt like I was in a movie.  only 10$ for women!
3	Stuck up?  Not as much.  I like a good wide-open club that doesn't have to work with multiple rooms, walkways, and stairways to add to the square footage or room number.  Unfortunately it felt like a lot of catwalks to get somewhere.  It's all good though, they have a ton of vertical space to work with, so it's alright, but not the best.  The prices are decent for Vegas clubs.  People should be intelligent enough to know that you're not going to find drink prices like you do back home.  It *is* Vegas, after all.
4	This place was cool.We went here cuz we were staying at the MGM where 54 is located.It was fun and there was no hassle.It is a smaller, older club but its a cool joint.I recommend this place.  Simple and good.
1	this club does nothing for me. I only go here cause I get in free for staying as a guest in the hotel. It is on par with clubs in San jose which means there really isn't much to say about it......go to body English instead for something close by and fun
4	I came here with an employee so we got right in and VIP, which is nice to know they treat their employees well.  I enjoyed this club... two girls dancing on little stages... although one had dollars sticking out of her pants which i thought to be tacky and odd because I was pretty sure it was not a strip club.  The upstairs was nice and I liked dancing up there.  There was a hilarious DRUNK girl dancing with everyone and people were like dance f$%king her... until her friend finally grabbed her, but she kept going.  Good one honey!  Then there was a totally cool mom that came for her sons 21st.  She was super sweet.  So I decided I was ready to hear a good Cali song so I went to the DJ booth and he let me come in............I told him what song I wanted and he agreed, but he must have thought I was like the rest of the girls in Vegas and tried to get all touchy on me, so I politely said... excuse me, NO, don't touch me or you will get it.  He asked me to leave... hum ya what ever.  Drinks were expensive I think like 20 for a jack and coke and a corona.  But the upstairs bathroom had and attendant and every kind of spray you could ever want.
1	Awful:Pricey cover charge.Overpriced VIP lounge charge.$25 a shot.Dead dance floor.
3	It was pretty cool how they had all those girls dancing and hanging from the ceiling, however, it took away from the dancing.  It felt more like circus de solie than it did a club.  The music was pretty nice, but that's also because I grew up on 80's music.  But it was really crowded and the VIP area wasn't the greatest.  Oh, and one of the guy dancers, was too damn full of himself.  He literally would dance, and then stop for 15 minutes just to look at everyone else and seriously told some of the girls to look at him.  S T R A N G E !
4	So much fun! Was here with some friends last Oct. Great and very fun crowd, great music, entertaining dancers, including those coming down from the ceiling! It was a Thursday night so definitely not as crowded as I know it gets on weekends, but still a total blast and I'd love to go back! The club itself looked pretty cool but I don't recall too much given all the drinking and dancing we were doing! :)
4	Went there last September for my first Vegas trip. We hit Rain, Ghostbar, Ice etc. While Ice was cool, Studio 54 was my favorite due to the music. I'm a 38 year old heterosexual male who actually goes to clubs to dance, not so much with the drinks. The music was the best out of all the clubs we went to except for Ice, but they had The Crystal Method playing there that night. Studio 54 has cool dancing girls hanging from the ceiling and Go-Go Girls closer to the floor in "theme" costumes. I like that you can go a level up and see all the action going on. As for covers and lines just do yourself a favour and get a "Vegas Passport" and breeze through any club you go to..well worth the $99 bucks for that!
4	Most people don't have a good time at this club. I could tell by the line-up of around 800 people on Halloween night. However, for my buddy (who looks just like Ryan Phillipe) and I, it was a seriously slick night. We got in with no waiting in line and didn't pay any cover.The inside of Studio 54 is nothing short of completely mindnumbing. The place is huge, offers ridiculous effects and lighting, and provides live entertainment from their excellent line-up of beautiful dancers (both male and female). The drinks here are over-priced, but that's something you have to live with. The place is legendary.Sure, I didn't Mike Meyers there, but the place spanked of taste and the perfect club atmosphere. Even without cocaine, I felt like I was ripped anyways.Studio 54 is beautiful. It's exclusive. And the whole world wants to be in there.
2	wow, $12 for a whiskey and coke on a wednesday night? seriously?i mean i know it's vegas, but come on..at least i was able to talk our way in at the door, if i had had to pay the $10 or $15 cover, i would have been even more disappointed... but since i was in town on business, and hanging out with 5 other women from the conference i was attending, and not too worried about the crowd (which was predominately the typical meat market, competitive crowd), it was a decent time for free, even if the drinks were exorbitantly over priced...
1	Outdated.  Wack.  Small. Minor league club.See other reviews for better clubs in Vegas
2	i came here when i was going to school at the University of Nevada Las Vegas. I was a poor college kid and i saved all my money from the week (no booze, gambling, or dinner out) and had a friend of mine back from L.A. come in town so we go there. There was a long ass line going out of the casino, so i went up to the bouncer and asked him if he could "help" us out... in between talking to him we discovered we went to the same college and he would gladly get us in with no cover. SCORE! the place actually isnt that big. the dance floor is elevated off from the main floor and at 12 midnight they release confetti everywhere. the drinks were moderately priced and the girls were ok looking. nothing special nothing terrible. if i would have had to stand in that long ass line and pay for cover i might have thought different about this place. but it is what is
4	so i only been here once on my 21st BD with about 8 of my friends it was pretty cool looked like a 2 story factory.  drink prices are not bad just admission is a little expensive. its a 1st try club
2	So.....not much great to say about this place.  Its at the MGM and isnt all that bad, but its older and needs a makeover in my opinion.  One unique thing is that it is 3 levels that all over look the large dance floor and stage with the DJ on it.  There are multiple bars to get drinks at. The upper levels are for VIP which means more money.  There was $40 entry fee which was so not worth it. Not many pretty people there either - lot of guys and not many attractive women when I was there on Sat night. What the heck!?!?
4	To go to 54 is fascinating, and worth at the very least one visit to see what it's all about.I was well aware of the history of the original New York club, and saw the film which occasionally referenced the venue amidst its generic youth drama, so I wanted to see how this "new" 54 compared.From what I understand, they actually have some of the original set pieces from the New York venue, including the "Man in the Moon with the Cocaine Spoon" (apparently never shown at the same time here), but you do see lovely young ladies swinging from trapezes above, throwing down confetti on the dancers below, and several scantily clad go-go dancers.  The girls are good sports, and didn't seem too overly pretentious or pretend that you don't exist.So yes, there's things to see here.  That's not counting the guy who was getting the freak on in a Spider-Man costume, or the people I saw dry humping.  There's also an upstairs area, where apparently, female club goers feel its okay to toss their underwear aside and do drunkenly sad lap dances on their fellas.  The upstairs doesn't make it very clear about "Reserved" seating, so don't be surprised if a bouncer asks you to leave the table up there.  They do have a cool lighty chair/booth thing up there.The drinks didn't seem awful for prices, but the entry fee is steep.  It's discounted some if you're a local.  I went on a weekday, and it was pretty busy.  I'd like to go back on a Tuesday, as that's supposedly '80's night, which would fit the original 54's era.  The club is a dusk until dawn sort of place, so it will likely outlast you before they do a last call.  It's a fascinating place, both for people watching, and if you know some of the history behind the original.  The music wasn't bad either, and the ambience made it fun.
5	I love studio 54...I've been here twice now. The first time was with the Vegas VIP pass they sell on Orbitz, we got in free had to wait about 20 minutes but it wasn't too bad.The performers were great, and the music rocked...this is one of my favorite places!The second time was on a sturday night/sunday morning for Afterhours. We had a VIP table and went right upstairs to the VIP area. The music again was good, and the vodka was yummy!My Favorite Place in Vegas by far!
4	While not as glitz and glamour as some of the other newer clubs in Las Vegas, I prefer Studio 54 to the others for many reasons.  Usually, even on the weekends, you can go without dealing with too much of a line.  It may start off with not that many people inside but trust it gets busy in no time.  The drinks are moderately priced, not really cheaper than the others but it's Vegas so what do you expect?  They always have great dj's like DJ Scene who mixes it up and plays a good variety of stuff to keep you from getting bored.  Sometimes it can be hard to figure out when to take a breather because you don't want to miss the next good song.  They have dancers that dance on podiums all around the dance floor, both men and woman, so a little something for everyone.  They also, sometimes, have some extra entertainment when they have some (I suppose) dancers that get lowered and do aerobatic Cirque de soleil-type stuff, which is real cool.  One of the real nice things I like about Studio 54 is that there is always room to move around.  The bars are also real easy to get a drink either upstairs or downstairs.  This can be a problem at some other clubs (Pure, for example, can be a nightmare to get a drink or move around on a busy night).  All in all, as a local, I really enjoy going to Studio 54 because I know I will have a great time.
4	I was in Vegas last weekend. Let me first say that I haven't been in a "dance club" in maybe 5 years since back when I was a mini-raver. Anyway, so before hand I read all the reviews and I was paranoid about the dresss code and if the bouncer would let me in and what it would be like and all that. I guess I was imagining some exclusive clubs with snobby people out in vegas.We stopped at Studio 54 on Thursday night around 11. I'm a 31 year old guy and I headed out with 2 girls (one who was dressed up pretty sexy and one who was wearing a sweat jacket, tshirt,  and blue jeans). I had on really dark blue raw denim jeans, casual black shoes, and a white linen shirt. There was no line at the door. The bouncer waved us immediately through to the cashier. He lets the 2 ladies in for free and it was $30 for me to get in.The club was smaller that what I had perceived from the pictures on the website. While there are several levels they are primarily for seating. The dancing action was down on the ground floor. The other thing that struck me is that you can smoke in vegas clubs (which isn't the case where I'm from) and the air was kind of stale and hazy. Anyway, I was drinking redbull vodka's which rang in at $13 bucks a piece for a 12oz glass filled to the brim with ice. Tasted good though (they always do!). Had a domestic beer as well for $5. The line at the bar was only 1 or 2 people deep at any given time and the bartender guys were very attentive.The crowd was very much regular people. It was all very similar to the clubs back home in Minneapolis as far as the clientele went. Good range of ages. There were some clearly younger people getting insanely drunk but there were many women in their late 30's/early 40's with their hubby's in tow.The music was Top 40 dance songs ranging from the 80's to present. I knew just about every song. They were pretty good about changing it up but they did play Prince's Pxxsy Control twice inside of 45 minutes.I had a great time. It wasn't what I expected and was much more laid back and relaxed!
3	I have been to the Studio so many times I can't give you an exact amount.  This used to be one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  I think the layout of the club is just great.  I recently visited when Paul Van Dyk was headlining and it was a good night.  But who wouldn't have a good night when a big DJ is gracing the decks.  On a visit in 2008 we lined up outside the club so early the doors were not even open.  It is rare for me to show up before the club opens but it just happened that way.  While in line we noticed the people standing in line were a little older.  Most of the people in line were cougars and older guys so we decided to visit Body English which turned out to be a very good decision.
2	Errrrrr  - i think its had its heyday a long time ago. The DJ was cool and a girl! Good music choice, but bad transitions. It seemed that the crowd was uh, larger...
3	Visited the Studio in March 09 as I was staying at the MGM and we got in for free.  The only noticeable change I could see was that there are now about 5 or 6 VIP tables at the edge of the dance floor.  Its not like the dance floor was all that big to begin with and now the tables take up a good 30% or 35% of the floor.  No big deal I guess, but on the Saturday night that I went only 2 of the tables were occupied.  DJ Kiss was on the decks and played well with a good selection.  Overall I had a good night out and really don't have anything else to complain about as I got in for FREE.  I would have given an extra star but due to the VIP table addition on the dance floor and the fact the bouncer tried hard to sell us a table my original rating of 3 stars still stands.
3	-The club is big and pretty roomy. -The music is more like rap. -The go go dancers are interesting esp the guy dancer.
2	Ok. Let me just start by saying I should've questioned the quality of the club (or lack theroff) by the people standing in line. My bf and I were in town 3/27-3/29 for his best friend's birthday. We were told to be there at 10:30 because a friend of a friend knew a bouncer who was going to hook us up. After about an hour, we decided not to wait for the rest of our party to get there. We pay $30 me and my bf total and walk in. The club was empty and "Return of the Mack" was playing throughout the club. OMG! Was i in vegas in 2009 or 1992? WTF! We figured just give it a chance since we were there for someone else's bday.. kinda didnt have a choice but to stay. Otherwise, I wouldve made a beeline to Body English. Anyways, we headed to the bar and the drinks were heavy on the liquor, which balanced out the steep typical Vegas prices for drinks. Started to get a little full round midnight. Got a little tipsy, but not enough to forgive the tiny joke of a dancefloor or the hideous crowd of uglies and badly dressed (we're talking a 45 y/o lady wearing Asic running shoes! WTF) people the bouncers let in. The music was spun by a female DJ who was mediocre in her choice of music at best. I gave this place one star for the good stiff drinks and one more just because the go go dancers were still hot, despite the fact that they were forced to dance to crappy 90's music ... like Coolio. No, really ... Coolio. I wish I were kidding.Avoid this spot like day old sushi.  Head to Body English and Drais for after hours.
3	I don't know if I just hit a bad night or if the club is just slipping but things just weren't as fun as the last time I was there.  It was just another dance club.  I got in free, so I can't complain too much.  I do like the fact that it is very wheelchair accessible.  They even have a ramp to the dance floor. Probably 3.5 Stars.
1	Oh...this place was pretty bad...went there early 'cause we had passes since we were staying at the MGM and it was free, but the music was bad (early 90's), the DJ looked angry and the crowd was not even close to Vegas club standards and filled with 45 year old married dudes staring creepily from dark corners. There was even 2 women in their 50's in sweatpants. I think we lasted 10 minutes, then went to Cathouse at the Luxor which was AWESOME!
3	This place is okay if you're not expecting too much. It used to be a lot better. But the last time I went some gay guy grabbed my husbands ass. The drinks were wayyyyy too weak and the music was kinda old. There are worse clubs in Vegas I can definitely attest to that!
4	Nice big club which, the night I went, meant a very short line to get in, even at midnight. It's not Pure, but it's a lot of fun and you don't feel like cattle. Drinks are decently priced and strong too! I would definitely come back here.
4	Went on a Tuesday night after midnight since I was staying at the MGM...no line, not too crowded, just a fun good time.  My friend and I actually had space to dance and we met some nice people who supplied us with tasty beverages.  Bathroom was spacious, never had to wait.  Crowd was very diverse--Irish men in kilts (who looked very surprised at the way women danced and kept exclaiming with glee "only in America!!!!"), Scottish bachelor parties, British restauranteurs, Italian tourists, and much more.  Definitely no Tryst, but fun for a low-key weeknight if you're staying at the MGM.
2	lol yeah alot of older people here. not my music not my crowd. lol... but theres a bar, i got a buzz and left to go somewhere better!!!!!!!!!!
2	Meh...pretty underwhelming club. Music was not good. Crowd was...ok...pretty mixed bunch. We only went because we didn't have to pay cover and were staying in the hotel. Old bathrooms. Don't get me wrong, I had fun with my girls for sure, but given the plentiful options in Vegas, I wouldn't make it a point to go back.
3	came here just to see what it was like since cover was free if you stay at MGM. i liked it.. my bf didnt.... its not your typical club in vegas... there is more of a older crowd.... both men and women gogo dancers!  music was to retro for me
2	I went on Tuesday, 8/4/2009.I got in free, because I am a local female.  Other than that nicety, my visit to studio 54 was a complete waste of time.The crowd disappointed me on every front.  On all sides of me girls danced bowlegged in ill-fitting "fuck me" heels.   They were seized upon by rumpled, dog-faced men, who swept their selected partner into the seething dance floor.  For all the inter-gender friction and froth, there wasn't a talented dancer among the bunch.  Just sad, spastic dry humping.  Ages ranged from 21-35.  I saw some totally wasted white single females wandering around like newborn foals, so if that's what tickles your pickle, have at it.  The drink I ordered was strong, and reasonably priced by Vegas standards.  I have to hand it to the bartenders.  They move like well oiled machines.Although the venue itself was pretty, and looked like it had the potential for fun, I couldn't get into the place.  Think a dressed-up warehouse feel:  exposed pipes, steel grating, neon, a giant disco ball, and video screens.  As for the extensive lighting system, the DJ seemed clueless.  He only used it to about 1/4 of its ability.    Their female go-go dancers need to switch to light beer, or something.  I'm all about girls with curves, but no one likes cheese.  Protip:  if your gut stops dancing 4 seconds after the rest of your body, you probably shouldn't be spending your evenings scantly clad, gyrating on a podium.  I understand that these bouncing muffin-top girls were probably Studio 54's go go B-squad.  It was a Tuesday night, after all.  But still.  Ladies.  PLEASE.The one male go go was perfectly chiseled and entirely forgettable.I might have stuck around if it weren't for the music.  I loathe rap.  I hate hip hop.  I detest R and B.  And that is all the DJ played while I was there.  Ick.  I'm cool with small doses of that kind of music.  Hell, as long as every other song is rock or electronic, I'm game.  When are DJ's going to get the message that not everyone wants to booty-bounce all night?  I know I must sound old saying that, but I'm not.  I'm a smokin'-hot 23 year old female.  I'm the demographic they should be trying to attract.    Overall, I'd say that an evening at Studio 54 is about as entertaining as your average dorm kegger, but without the thrill of the cops showing up.
5	Got here 08/22/09 on a Saturday. I had a great time here. Got in here for half off and fast. I think the regular price is 20 for females. Great music and the dancers on top of these pedestal things are awesome dancers. A plus was the male dancer. I was trying to take a picture of him and he was looking for the light on my camera so he turned around stop and flexed...and I wasn't close by. I would tip him but I can't get to him because of the barrier of women around him. I might get trampled. For the guys the girl dancers are good looking and can dance...you perverts won't be dissapointed just kidding..less article of clothing is good for you guys right? I know because of all the men I saw looking up.  Their necks must have hurt the next day. Great atmosphere! The lights in this place are always changing. DJ was playing music that was in. Great transition..it wasn't weird from one music to another. A lot of younger people were here. My age group 20's.  At first I thought it was for the older crowd but  it was a great mix.More younger people though. They play a great mix of old (not too old) music and lots of  top up to date popular music. DJ was great he snuck in some ACDC for the male dancer and I was going to stay here the whole night. ha! And he can sure dance. The music here everyone knows..unless you have been living under a rock. The drinks where okay I just got beer its cheap=Coronas $8. You want drinks, play slots..drinks are free just make sure you tip the waitress everytime she comes. Because it's a skill walking in heels and balancing a tower of a dozen drinks on a tray.
3	Okay so the first time I went to Studio Fifty Whore was last year and lemme tell you, it was shit. There was pretty much no exclusivity at all at the door. They'll just let anybody in as long as you got dancing shoes on. They played crappy ass music to cater to the crappy ass people that were there. So tell me why, this year, when I went again I had a blast?Probably because I was shitfaced out of my mind and I didn't care. I already knew what to expect so that was probably the reason. Last time I had come with all these expectations only to be shot down by a circus full of retards. But now I felt retarded enough to party so everything was quite alright! I made it a fairly cheap night by getting Adios's all night for $12. Highlight of the night was the lame remix of Kings of Leon which gave me something to sing about. Other than that, the place was still packed with lame people including us. There really were no lookers there. Nobody attractive enough for my lame attempts at picking up. Oh and word to the wise, bring a pack of smokes. If not, you'll be paying $10 for them in the bathroom.
1	This is hands down the worse club in Vegas ever!  The only reason I even thought about going here was because we had tickets to a late show on Saturday night and all the guestlists usually close around midnight.  Since we were already staying at MGM, I figured it would be easier to just go here.  There wasn't much of a line considering it was a holiday weekend and it seemed like it was moving pretty fast.  Since we were staying here we got to skip the line though but still had to pay the cover since it was past midnight.The gogo dancers are pretty fugly.  And the crowd there is not the most attractive.  But the thing that made it so bad was the DJ.  The music was horrible.  The only thing that saved the night was that the bartenders pour very strong drinks.  We got a liquid cocaine shot and instead of just topping off with 151 he poured half of the drink with it.  It still ended up being a fun night but only because I was totally wasted.  I would never come back here even if it was free let alone paying to come back here.  There are so many better clubs in Vegas.
1	Dire. Truly dire. My friend and I came here after getting fed up with the music being played at Tabu. Was not pleased that they play exactly the same tracks (in the same order sometimes) here at Studio 54! So, we queued for the prerequisite period so as to preserve the illusion that this place was in some way good/exclusive and entered. Podium dancers. Check. Lifeless atmosphere despite drunken people and loud music. Check. Hordes of lobotomised males, avidly stalking womenfolk of childbearing age. Check. It really was terrible. Even alcohol did not help. The place simply put the brakes on the momentum of my night. A curious little habit that the DJs seem to have here, as well as Tabu and Wet Republic, is playing around a minute or 30 seconds of a song and then clumsily mixing into then next track. Is the attention span of my generation really that short? Are we useless without commercial breaks? As I last ditch attempt to find a shred of vibe or atmosphere, I fought my way to the very middle of the packed dance floor. The strange thing was - very few people were dancing. There were a few pockets of dancing girls who were ring-fenced by guys who, rather than dance or talk to their friends, were just looking like sinister cavemen, wanting to drag a woman back to their air-conditioned MGM cave. I have had some great nights in places that seem to be the crappiest dives in the world, however Studio 54 had no redeeming features. At least I did not have to pay for entry. If I did, I would really have to question what done to upset karma.
2	I was not impressed by Studio 54 when I last visited this place back in 2005.  So unimpressed that I haven't gone there since - perhaps it has changed, but somehow I doubt it.  I think Ghost Bar is a cooler place, so in that regard I am slightly biased toward venues that are a bit less - crowded.  There didn't appear to be an "older" crowd, which I might have enjoyed more.  I saw a young crowd that night on the Saturday I was there during summer - and the only faint memory of the night was being accosted by a bunch of short cholos who wanted to dance.  Thank goodness for Ghostbar or the night would've been quite uneventful!
4	I came here for my bday multiple times since they have opened, and i can honestly say i have never had a bad time. Definitely an older club on the strip but still fun. VIP bottle service never hurts either. The dance floor is big enough, the DJ when i was there was awesome, and there was plenty of beautiful people to go around. I am giving this place a thumbs up even after all the years and all the other mega clubs they have to compete with, they still do it up.
5	Went here for Halloween night and we all had a blast.  We loved that we could move around up stairs and not be body to body.  The floor was jam packed and it sucked trying to attempt to move on it but it was expected on a night like this.  The Dj Roxy  (I think) was awesome but im sure the track list and mix is standard every night.  To us it was new and exciting so we loved it.  Mixing was on point all though only a few seconds of songs were played on many which we had wished to not happen.  it still gave us a good time. The dancers and acrobatic shows were a plus since most clubs do not offer that.  Over all i have never had a bad time here but if given a chance i would check out one of the newer ones since i havent been to them yet.  This one just had "certain advantages" for us so we chose it :)
2	Hot go-go dancers, hot staff... not so many hot patrons. We stopped in during our Halloween night strip crawl, had a few drinks and scoped out the risque' costumes. Lots of body paint, bondage and fishnets... and great performances by the staff about every 30 minutes. It was easy to get a drink here, there were about 5 bars open for service and they were quick. Not too pricey either when buying single drinks, but bottle service was a bit high I thought for a club of less... uhh... hot status. I agree with another review that they just let anyone through the door. Not that I discriminate at all but there were huge groups of terribly dressed people (ok ok it was Halloween.. but have some standards!) and then there were great looking people waiting in the back of the lines. Seemed somehow the line kept trickling in more not-so-hot than hot, the music started to get annoying, and we eventually decided the scene was dead. I was expecting much more from a club modeled after the iconic sex disco.Only good for about a solid hour... NEXT.
1	There are both male and female go go dancers here, all very good looking. I went on a Saturday when there was a rodeo in town, so unfortunately the DJs played a lot of country music. I ended up leaving after 30 minutes because I couldn't take it anymore. Otherwise, this place had good potential.
2	Out of all the clubs on the strip this one might be the most reasonable, what with the $10 cover for the ladies and $15 for men, with re-entry, which is impossible to find. The music is OK, although thugged out club hip-hop isn't my favorite. The DJs do take requests and seem to have reasonable knowlewge of club music out there today, which is good.The drinks here are priced at $10, which is pricey but not for vegas. Luckily it seems to be free-pour so I was feeling pretty good. People here are generally friendly, so I was able to get down and dance with strangers. I was with a group of Kiwis and Aussies and we had a rocking good time going in and out of here and their hotel rooms downing champagne.The club space is nice, and the restrooms are very clean. I like the dance floor plan, which is able to accomodate a decent sized crowd. In the bathroom there is a janitor who cleans up after people, which is a plus; there is also a goodie basket from which you can fill up on toiletries and candy if you wish; if it weren't for the custodian that reminds you "you can have whatever you want but you HAVE to tip" in an unfriendly tone this would have been a much more pleasant experience.Overall, I thought the music was mediocre, the club itself was mediocre, and it is terribly pretentious to call itself studio 54 as it does nothing to duplicate the atmosphere or the stories of the real thing, and with over-priced drinks and a cover charge, I would probably look off of the strip the next time for something more hip and "alt", as we call it. I just don't have any interest in hanging out with bros and hos while spending a buttload of money.
2	Just go to another smaller place instead. We went on a night that was meant to be HUGE and it was full of people who weren't very good looking (not to be snobby, but this was like the worst of the worst) and somehow everyone else was stuck outside in line. Get on the guest list if you go and are a guest of any of the MGM properties.
3	I have to say that I always have a fun time when I go to Studio 54. It certainly isn't the hottest or coolest place to be, but it's a great place to go and just dance your ass off without being hassled too much. The music is always a fun mix of 80's and current pop, drinks aren't too expensive, and the staff is always helpful and coutreous.
4	We'd heard mixed reviews of this place. The main reasons we ended up going here was because we had some connects that sorted us our VIP and knocked down prices on their bottle service prices. Winner.We got our party going elsewhere in our room and the lounges and so by the time we rolled in here, we were well on our way to smashtown, and so was everyone else by the looks of it!It was a Sat night and absolutely heaving. Wouldn't have wanted to be in here without the bottle service, as the bars looked packed.We really enjoyed ourselves in here - we had a lot of fun with the other people who mostly seemed like us - a little bit more chill and not just there to be seen.I'd recommend.
2	I went here once in 2005.  It's just ok.  I wasn't a fan of the music.  It was mostly techno, house (I don't really know the difference between techno and house), and some top-40 mixed in.  Definitely not hip hop, which is what I prefer.  It's an average size club.  It's not big like Prive or decorated lavishly like XS.  The crowd is totally mixed, all ethnicities, all ages.  Definitely a cougar spot.  Oh yeah and they had male go-go dancers.  I'm straight and I thought that was wack.  Ewww!Tip:  Don't stand under the grated stairwells that lead up to the bathrooms.  I saw people puking on the stairs and that nastiness drips down to the people making out underneath.Skip Studio 54, there are a dozen better clubs on the Strip.
2	I'd read somewhere (some MGM promotional literature) that their flagship in-house nightclub has "...a wild scene that could make the original '70's club blush and gives the other Las Vegas clubs something to aim for" and remember thinking that was a bold statement that surely invited disappointment.  On that score, if no other, Studio 54 lived up (down?) to expectations.To start with, I arrived late to meet some pals who were already inside.  They'd advised me to pay $50 so I could bypass the line and join them in the VIP section.  The interesting thing about this is how the staff attitude changed in a heartbeat as soon as they saw the actual bills in my hand.  Then they were all smiles and 'right this way, sir!'Anyway the club...hmmm.  Lots of drunk in-town-for-the-weekend drunks (eh, me). Lots of pretty-in-a-generic way girls, who, judging by the experiences of my buddies,  had no soul, no class and in some cases no underwear.  The guys were all either former frat boy types, sucking in their guts like their lives depended on it, or die-in-my-own-arms lounge lizard pretty boys.When I got a mixed drink at the bar I tipped the barman a mere $5 and was a bit taken aback by his effusive thanks (shook my hand etc) - made me think there's a lot of cheap people in Vegas in general and Studio 54 in particular.The staff were pretty efficient; the highlight of the evening was seeing them drag away some sketchy Australian dude who was acting like he was our new best mate in an effort to blag his way into the VIP area (it really wasn't worth it, mate).  Anyway they pounced on him with Gestapo-like zeal and dragged him away pleading once they established we didn't know him.  All a bit CaligulaBottom line, you could do a lot better.  I'm sure there are cooler high end clubs on the Strip if you know where to go, and there are definitely places you can meet people just as unappealing but a lot cheaper.
3	Okay, swung by here to meet up with an old friend because he was spinning.  It's relatively a nice place.  Good for the 24-32 year olds.  And if you're in a "space" where you are still into clubs, etc.  People weren't obnoxious or anything.  I think I'm just OVER the club thing.  We were there for like 20 minutes and then opted for something more chill.  Would i go here again?  Maybe...if a purpose (ie: meet a friend, go with a group, celebrate a bday).Would I recommend this place?  Sure... to my 25 yr old cousins...
4	We partied like it was 1972! Okay, so this would not be my first choice for a night out in Vegas but we got on the guestlist before we headed to Ka and were hustled into VIP wrist bands on the way out of Ka. After experiencing Vegas' small dance floors I was happy to see a larger dance floor that wasn't consumed by VIP booths. We walked in and Dj Eric was rockin' it. Great music and matching videos on the big screens. We grabbed drinks and posted up next to the DJ booth near the railing and the bouncer. This assured a night of harrasment free ladies night dancing! We had a blast and danced the night away! I will definately go back.
2	Went here as a youngin and pre-vegas snob. At the time me and my 21 year old gal pal thought Oh cool, STudio 54! Granted, it was when it first opened so it did still have some cache. We went on a fight night so the MGM grand was rockin. At the time we were blinded by too much alcohol, free entry and more free booze so we danced it up like crazy. The DJ's can be ok, the layout isn't the best and the crowd is not the hot crowd. Doubt i'll ever come back as I feel they've been around long enough for vegas standards to be an old has been club and will receive a face lift and a new name soon in attempts to be a hot spot again. When it does, I'll come back to check it out.
2	Did I go back in time? Nope.I must have gone to 35 or older night, or there must have been some convention going on because I really felt out of place here.'Nuff said.  Good: It was free.Bad: I feel so young all of a sudden.Final: Maybe I'll try again some other time.
1	"AVOID THIS CLUB AT ALL COST"Pro'sIt was in the hotel where I stayedCon's Dj Skribble  Freak Show let me down old hip-hop and I don't even care for techno like that but that was old too.Dance floor packSmall Bar'sOlder crowd$30 cover( should be free)
4	Ok here is the deal.  I want vegassssss!!  But I can only take so many fake girls and techno... This place isn't perfect... But-The music is all over the place but really good!!!!!!!  And that's saying alot for me cuz I usually like just hip hop!  I been twice and loved every min!!!- The scene is vegas enough with girls flying around over your head.-The BIG plus for me is that the crowd is real people.  NOT fake, rich, snobby or creepy so I have a TON more fun cuz I make friendsAnd that is it......  It's just a more down to earth crowd with great music....
4	My boyfriend and I were walking around MGM when someone handed us a pass for a reduced entrance to this club. We decided to go check it out and were a little bummed that it cost $15 (total) to get in (should have been free with those passes! Why else would you give em out!?), but that's cheaper than a lot of places so whatever. The place itself was pretty filled. The drinks were normally priced for Vegas. We payed $44 for 2 Jack and Cokes and 2 shots of Patron. Came back for many other drinks later and I was surprised the bartender knew what a Bay Breeze was, and therefore even made it perfectly. The DJ was pretty great, played a mix of the 80's and current Top 100 stuff which blended in really well together. It got packed, but not crazy enough to not be able to walk or dance. I'd definitely go back again.
3	So this place should be 3.5 stars..... First of all, we went on Wednesday. We were allowed to walk right in.. No cover or wait....The inside is nice.... Staff was ok....I had beers... 8 bucks for a Bud....There is no seating at all unless you get a table....The dance floor is small but it was filled....We might go back but I would never pay to get in.....
3	Eh. Let's be real: I'm pretty sure people don't come from all over to go to this club when there are much better clubs along the strip. However, I agree with my fellow Yelper's reviews in that it makes for a decent time when staying at the MGM Grand. If you have a room upstairs and don't feel like going too far for dancing, why not? The music is not terrible and the venue is nice enough.If you are staying at the MGM Grand, my advice to you is this: Find the guys downstairs around 9pm who are passing out wristbands. They offer free drinks to ladies as well as admission. I'm pretty sure they give free admission to hotel guests before midnight. Free? Why not.
4	The two times that I have been there have been a great time. Granted, I haven't frequented this spot in over a year and a half, but when I think of Studio 54, I have a whimsical look on my face. The DJ was great...well, from what I can remember! In the beginning, his set was kind of shaky, but he improved greatly and had everyone dancing. Anyway, I'll try to make this review as concise as possible.First and foremost, especially when I'm kind of buzzed, I always like watching go-go dancers. I don't know...perhaps I have a drunken fascination with them? I do agree with a fellow yelper...the go go dancers were ADORABLE, and very friendly. The bartenders always had a smile on their faces, and definitely weren't pretentious snots. Lastly, the people were so friendly and low key. Yes, Vegas is all about  the glitz and glamor in regards to nightlife...I've been to XS and Tao and I enjoyed every minute of it. But I'm the kind of girl that likes to dress up, and then dress in a sexy top and jeans and have a good time dancing without worrying about meeting Affliction wearing, overly gelled hair douches. The girls are another story. So yes, if you're looking for a low key night of dancing, drinks, and a good night I suggest you go to Studio 54!
3	If you're staying in or close to the MGM Grand, it's worth a quick stop. Go early and get in cheap/free, or look for the guys in suits on the casino floor handing out wristbands. Your lady friends will get free drinks because of it too.Music was decent, IMHO 1 good song 1 bad, mix, repeat. Danceable though. Very little seating and small dance floor so get ready for it to get packed.Not worth full admission, so if you miss the free/cheap windows, I'd take your dancing shoes farther down the strip.
3	My reason for 3.5 stars is that besides being large this place is accommodating. The original idea of Studio 54 was to be a perfect salad; mixed together. Here they have accomplished this. Young and Old alike are welcomed here for a night of dancing and fun. This is unlike many clubs that you will find in Vegas. If you have a diversified group I recommend a night of dancing and drinks here!
4	Gone to this club twice, once in Nov 2009 and July 31st 2010. Both of these nights have been worth the entry fee for the guys and of course the girls get in free. This is not a club for 21yo's. The ages range from the late 20's to late 30's. That makes for a fun night of dancing without worrying about some young punks trying to pickup on your girl. Just a bunch of grownups having a good time. We happened to go the the Aerosmith concert which was held at the MGM Arena and Steven Tyler happend to have his after party at Studio 54. He did a quick lip sync of "Walk This Way" from his VIP second floor area which got the crowd yelling and screaming.DJ Scribble did the mixing after midnight and I have to say he did a kick-ass job, very talented Old School DJ. Take some notes New School DJ's. I will definitely visit this club again if our travels take us to this part of the Vegas Strip.
5	well, its not like the original Stuido 54 but what person who actually went to the originally can make it to this one lol well my mother yeppers but she wont be dancing the whatever they danced in 10" platform and buttwarmerskirts back then :) godblessmymommy!But, this is one of THE funnest and best clubs so far. The drinks are, next to superpricy so chicas get a schmack to pay!, really strong and to fill it up before hand, go to centrifuge bar across the club at the MGM.Everytime me and my girly went there, we picked up some hot, or less hot, depending on the eye of the beerholder in the morning, guy.The lines are usually superlong, even if you are on the guest list. But being a good looking slim chick with another hot slim chick dressed to the ten's helps you a lot! Even with drunken dudes nearly pucking up Jaegermeister on the poor skinny bouncer dude. It is SO worth it! The girls are cute in there (us for example) and the guys are usually ok looking, so girls and guys: GOBUT girls!!! CAREFUL: if you have a crazybutt stalker in the club, do NOT rely on the doorguy getting paid $10 an hour to let you out the back door.... so grap your plastik stirring straw for self defense!!!Edit: Stewie (Promoter) I am not a HOOKER!! Dude... its ok though I forgive you haha
4	Pretty legit club...Went there last night with 25 people and we got in for free because we got promotion cards. but only before 11. also whats cool is you can go in and out of the club whenever you want. i did 5 times. Music is pretty good they play a mix of rock, alternative and hip hop. good dance floor too. I liked it!! im sure there are cooler clubs like XS at the Wynn and Pure Ceasars, but it's a good club.
4	I always have a fun time at Studio 54 which is probably why I end up there at least once per visit to Vegas.  Which means I've been there a LOT.  First thing - get dressed to impress.  For guys this means you have to look sharp.  For girls this means you can wear anything - dresses or slutty tops with jeans or probably next to nothing and you'll be fine.Next - look for the guys in the casino giving out wristbands so you can go in the VIP line and not have to pay.  I suspect you may have to be a hot chick to get this, so if you aren't you should expect to wait in line and pay $$ to get in.Stop at Centrifuge bar across from Studio 54 to pregame drink a bit.Now go in Studio 54 and get a pricey yet pretty strong for your money drink.  Repeat x 100.Now hit the dance floor!  I like how they play retro 70s/80s tunes at the start of the night, then move into recent music and hip hop after that, then move into more techno later on.  I don't like techno but at least you don't get it ALL NIGHT LONG.  I also am not a fan of the teaser 1 verse of a song and switch but I know others have ADD and do like it.  They do continue playing songs that are really good jams or the ones that get the dance floor hopping so at least there's that.  Also check out the go-go dancers.  They are hot, they are scantily clad, some of them can dance pretty well too.  Emulate them and you are golden.Go back to bar and get more drinks x 100.  Consider making out with dudes/chicks as your orientation leads you.Get into the VIP area upstairs if you can because it is pretty nice. Last time I was up there they had nice seating, including a chaise lounge, and it overlooks the dance floor so you can see what all the lesser people are doing.  Feel smug, look down nose at them.  Stumble out of club when they close it down (I have actually been there for a club to close in Vegas. I was surprised that they even close at all!!).  Keep drinking at the casino, go home with that hottie you met, or go pass out.  It is all up to you - it is Vegas!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it was close to our hotel and me and the crew got hooked up for free.  It was a Saturday night, we bypass the line and go directly to the bouncer who completely hooks it up and ushers us right in - free of charge.  Once we got inside it was a completely different story.  It's Vegas so I completely expected the normal wasted drunk Vegas crowd, but what I got was a bunch of slobs so drunk they could barely stand.  Upon entry a guy was sitting in the hallway with his head between his legs looking like he was on the verge of heaving that awesome buffet he spent $30 on.  Next in the main room, the place is a great size, but the dance floor next to the DJ was completely overpacked. Everyone knows that the people don't make a club, the music makes a club, so immediately I was excited when I heard that DJ Skribble, was gonna be spinning around midnight.   The music up until midnight was a mix of Top 40 fused with Electro/House (which is all good), but the DJ seemed to have a trigger finger and only played about 20 seconds of the song...(HATE THAT!).  Then DJ Skribble was up, it's now 12:30...what a complete let down!  The music was just bleh...and it didn't help that the club was swamped with wasted sloppy people, flailing their limbs and singing along (I'm sure they had a great time!)  Needless to say, I stepped in glass twice and decided after the second 60+ year old creep didn't take NO as an answer, it was time to leave by 1am.  Probably won't be checking this place out again, but if you have nothing better to do and you are staying at the MGM...this might be a place you could stop by.
1	Went during Labor day weekend. The only great thing about this club is ladies get in for free. Other than that, skip it and head elsewhere. -Guys had to pay $20 for cover (EVEN on the guest list. wth!?)-80s punk rock music-Lots of people standing around...where's the dancing?! Oh wait...you can't dance to the songs. -Older crowd (25-mid 30s) -Overpriced drinks at bar -Bouncers are ridiculous, rude-No line (meaning, a dead club)All in all, not worth your time, money, energy. Period.
3	A good club, no casino, no pool or extra whistles found inside nothing extravagant here. 54 it's strictly a dance club. Just dancing, drinking, chilling with friends and enjoying the tunes. 80s music is played a bit too much some nights if you ask me but then the DJ switches it up and you start dancing to the current tunes you like without feeling weird about it. One night, Floyd Mayweather hosted his official boxing fight Afterparty here. The dude made it rain54 tends to be frequent by an older good looking crowd, late 20s to late 30s with some just turn 21 hotties mixed in. But the best part of studio 54 is the gogo dancers, they're pretty cool, will talk and say hi to you and for what they wear, leaves very little to the imagination. So try not to get carried away!
4	We had a blast here!  It probably would not have not been nearly as much fun had we not gone up to the 2nd floor and spent the majority of our evening there (the dance floor on the 1st level was packed and sweaty). Found a nice place to sit that wasn't a VIP booth and had a fantastic time dancing with plenty of room.  The bar up there was hidden behind a corner so it took less than 3 minutes to get drinks every time and they were made nice and strong.  Elian (sp?), the hot Bulgarian bartender was the best; great service with a fantastic smile!  As for drink prices, I put moderate because well... we didn't pay for most of ours. Score!The music was great, but I am not a fan when VJs change songs 30 seconds into it.  Fairly annoying especially when you can tell everyone is into the song and they bump up their enthusiasm while dancing, only to be let down when it's replaced with something "meh".  Also, after a certain early morning hour, they stopped playing everything but house music which some people aren't keen on dancing to.  But hey, good times had by all, even if some didn't remember all parts of them, heh. ;)
3	Definitely an older crowd.  Cover charge is $30 for guys, even if you're a male hotel guest it'll cost you at least $25 for a weekend entry.  Women can typically get inside free (with a open bar from 10pm-11pm) with the right coupon.  If you have enough people - and somebody to bankroll you - then table service might be the cheaper option.  Interesting but probably not something I'd do again.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
2	Girls on their own = Free Girls with their man friends = $20 Boys = $20As you can see above, the trick to getting in free is to come in by yourself even if you are attending with a man friend. If I had slipped off my ring and had walked up by myself or just with my lady friend we would have saved $20 to spend on the rather expensive bar. Sure that will only get you 2 drinks, but still...Highlight of the visit: Wolf from American Gladiators was stalking the DJ and was rather menacing.Speaking of the DJ, he likes to start a song let it play for 30 seconds then just as you get your groove on change it to a different much more douchey song. What is that about?Had the second floor been open I think my night would have been much better. Is it a bad sign that on a Saturday night when the MGM was hosting rodeo week the club was rather empty?Anyhoo, if you want to go dancing in Vegas consider Studio 54 if you are aged 25-30 something, like paying covers, and don't mind a crowded dance floor.
3	I can pretty much have a good time dancing anywhere so the Studio is cool. Upstairs is less packed if you want to dance and not feel like you are in the 45-minute, high intensity cardio class. I don't go for the people so I can careless who's in there.The dj does cut into grooving songs way to early but, eh, I'm still moving.
4	Free admission for ladies.  I had such a great time dancing in this club.  The music and atmosphere was awesome.  It was packed the night we went here but still fun nonetheless.
2	Bouncers with super sized egos + weak open bar drinks + a wack ass dj = a waste of time during out most recent visit.We were a group of 4 girls and 2 guys on a Thursday night.  Mind you, since we were staying at the MGM (and we didn't feel like walking to another club in another hotel) we ended up here out of sheer convenience. Apparently we made it in time for us gals to enjoy open bar courtesy of Skyy Vodka.  However, before we got in one of the bouncers hassled us informing us that we were in the wrong line, or rather that our 2 guys were in the wrong line and had to leave and wait in an entirely new line.  After some hemming and hawing me, my girlfriend, and our boyfriends waited in the other line; while our 2 other gfs went inside.  The guys each paid a $20 cover charge while we got in free. Not sure what the whole line switch-a-roo was all about it, but it was dumb and a waste of time.Once inside we met up with the other 2 and proceeded to the bar to get our drink on.  The bar was packed with females taking advantage of the open bar (until midnight): Skky vodka with any mixer.   The drinks of course were heavy handed on the mixer with a splash of vodka.  By the time we go into the club, it was 11:30ish and we each had 2 drinks within the alloted time frame.  The dj was horrible!!! He played a string of lame songs (some that we had never heard of) followed by a really good song, only to go back to a string of lame songs.  The dance floor was pretty much half full during the wack songs and then packed for the 1 or 2 really good songs.Needless to say, our party only stayed for about an hour before leaving.
1	We went to this place the other night and got on the guest list via the promotor who was hanging out in the casino.  I think the set up is ok and the soundsystem is ok, but this place has definitely lost it's luster.   I felt bad for the waitresses as not a single group got bottle service and they were standing around for several hours.  The crowd that showed up were all large and drunk.   One group of larger girls said they were staying at Hooters Hotel.  Can we say delightfully tacky???  I think that sums up this club.
5	I love Studio 54!!!I had so much fun in this club when I visited Vegas. The admission for the ladies on Saturday night is $10 and the club was packed with fun people from all over the world. Drinks were ok and if you came from the land where mixed drinks are only $7 top, don't get surprise to get charge $11 for Vodka 7. The DJ played everything from Pink, Black Eyed Peas, Bon Jovi, Guns N Roses, Taio Cruz, Enrique Iglesias, and techno as well. My favorite thing was Go Go Dancers and they also have male dancers instead of all female dancers. I will come back when I make another visit to this sin city and I even might commit a sin or two at Studio 54.
5	Go on friday nights! DJ loczi was awesome, intimate and thumping crowd, and the cover was cheap. $ 15 for guys. Ladies are always free. You can leave and get back in fast and free. People working there were nice and friendly.
1	BS move that night: Bartenders holding the line for 1/2 hour so that they wouldn't have to honor comped drink tickets. We only came here because of a photo industry party. Its convenient it you're staying at the MGM, and the gogo dancers get a couple of stars but the club seems all about intentionally bad service by the bouncers, bartenders, and manager, with the dj's playlist being about as creative as a typical wedding reception. Staff: mean. Crowd: Ghetto. Music: Bad.I don't care if we get comped all night long or who's sponsoring the party--I'm not wasting my valuable vacation time with friends at places like this. There's no shortage of cooler and newer places to party in Vegas.
4	I prefer Studio 54 over Pure, Tao, XS, etc, for a few reasons...1) Lines are usually shorter.2) Atmosphere feels less douchey. 3) People are less douchey. This means a slightly older crowd, but I don't mind. 4) Less/no riff-raff. You won't see your ghetto, class-less douches here.5) Room to dance. We can all be honest and Studio 54 doesn't exactly have the "reputation" of XS as "THE club" to be at. Frankly, that's fine with me. It means you won't see the usual crowd. And that's a very good thing in my book. If you go to clubs to be a creepy weirdo who fails at hitting on every girl he talks to, then just gets stupidly trashed to make up for it, head over to one of the more prominent spots. If you want a legit spot to dance and maybe actually have a conversation with somebody, Studio 54 is your place.
4	had a ballin ass time here - on more than one occasion. dont concern yourself with the broken glass on the floor though. ladies, keep those shoes ON. i dont care if it is closing time.this is the last place i thought id go, but jet was a massive disappointment and we landed here as a secondary choice. i'm glad we did.
1	Give me a dance club and it's an evening of all night dancing until the sun comes up. The only exception was on Saturday 1/8/11 at Studio 54. I think moving forward I'm really going to read these reviewsThe space itself is great with allot of photos from Studio 54 in NYC. I certainly expected allot more of this place. The drinks were good, but the bartenders were a little stiff. What happened to the personality of this club? Do you not know the history of Studio 54? It's just another club on the strip with the words #1 Club...really?1. Music was HORRIBLE!!! I do not understand these "mash-up" DJ's. He finally put on a good song which lasted 3 minutes then it went to some other nonsense. Whoever is booking this DJ really needs to listen again to his demo2. Drinks were good, but the bartenders had no personality3. It cracks me up with some of these clubs in Vegas. The hype is so over the top and you walk in and all you hear is "cricket-cricket"4. You cannot say Hottest Night Club. Has anyone every been to the clubs in NYC, SF (Ruby Skye), etc5. They say...."Today's Studio 54 blends high-energy music that could make the original '70's club blush and gives the other" I'm sorry but I did not see or feel this. Again the space is fantastic but where is the energy. It seemed like one big conservative corporate party.6. If you get the right DJ in this space this club will have one spectacular evening. Let me know if you need for me to help coordinate this party.You cannot recreate an icon without giving it 110%
4	I like Studio 54 - short line during the week, not too crowded. I can't really rate the music b/c I dont really like rap/hip hop so it all sounds like crap (why can't they play music with character like classic rock?) Overall a cool place. IMO
4	I came here on a whim with a friend at the recommendation of somebody completely random. Probably not the best decision right? Wrong. Best. Decision. Ever. Walking in, the first thing you encounter is the bar, which for me is a spectacular thing because I need my fair share of liquid courage before dancing. A vodka redbull was about 12 dollars plus tax and tip. I'll hand it to the bartenders, however, they do make a relatively mean cocktail.Moving onto the dance floor was another experience. It was the dance floor of any other club but the music was just right. By the end of the night I was singing and dancing and - mind you - that is NOT me. The bathrooms were clean and kept clean by a person who really deserves the tips he received. And one more thing I had to hand it to both the barkeep and the security guys. They did their fair share of work since this club hands drinks out in glasses there was a fair amount of broken glass, but they cleaned it up fast. Overall, the impression this club gave me was very good. There were nice girls there, great music, good drinks, relatively friendly staff (assuming you didn't get in the way of security). This is definitely a place I will be coming back to.
2	There were no tables/chairs on the bottom/dance floor...unless you paid $900 for a VIP table.  Song transitions were horrible, they ranged anywhere from the 1980's to 2011.  Which I don't mind...just not changing decades every other song...not to mention each song lasted 30 seconds!  WTH?!  The only tables/chairs available to sit in were on the top with  no dance floor.  For a notable club you would think they'd have better accommodations for their customers.  Ridiculously overpriced for a mediocre venue.
4	I won't lie... my friends and I ended up here on our first night in town because we were offered free drinks for ladies and half off admission for men. Worked out for us :) The DJ was great! I love to dance and this place definitely gave me the beats to do that. I would recommend drinking before hand or stocking up on the free beverages at Studio 54 before the special ends. I know it's Las Vegas, but never again will I pay $30 for 2 vodka red bulls (singles not doubles and that was without tip). JEEZE.The place is big and has multiple bars.
5	Best CLUB on the Las VEGAS strip!!!!My girls and I stay at the MGM evertime we make a trip out to Sin City for the mere fact that we KNOW we are going to be dancing our as* off here every night. THe music is DA BOMB. Don't waste your time going to the fancy line waiting clubs like Tao (hate that place).  You walk in to TAO after waiting an hour in line and find NO One dancing with meteoker music--but thats a diff review.  Everynight seems to be AWESOME with SATURDAY's being extra spectacular--huge crowds and more go go dancers--people swinging off the cieleing--PUMPS you UP. This is also the place for some great EYE candy. HOT bartenders and HOT guys crawlin' the place with the occasional creeper.  I would say their only downfall is the free booze. I don't drink cheap vodka (dont want the bad hangover) from 10-11pm that they always offer to lure all us females in.  Their drink selection isnt the largest but I get by. The music totally makes up for the lack of drinks they make. GO HERE. YOu will not regret it.
1	This place sucks.  I remember coming here before I moved to Vegas like 8 years ago and it sucked then.  Sorry guys, your time has passed.  Move along.
4	I really liked this club. They had girls dancing not only on podiums like other clubs, but on a stage too, which was entertaining. There was a good mix of ages, groups from 20s to fifties. The dance floor was a little akward since reserved tables were around the perimeter, but people were still able to move. The layout was funky, in a good way. Make your way to the club early in the day to get on the guest list an receive reduced admission passes for guys. Girls are free.
2	The girlfriend and I attended the Vegas Uncork'd After Hours at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak event.  Included in the price of admission were VIP passes for Studio 54.  We're not the dance club types, but we wanted to check it out for the experience.  Plus, it was already after midnight on a Thursday night on our first night in town, so we were feeling adventurous.    The Vegas version of the legendary Studio 54 has been around for as long as I can remember and it had been over 10 years since I last stepped into the club.  It looked pretty much unchanged except a lot less crowded.  It's obvious that Studio 54 has gotten very long in the tooth and has been surpassed multiple times with each opening of a new "flavor of the month" dance club.  On this particular evening, even though it was far from a capacity crowd, everyone that was there and the go-go dancers were dancing their hearts out.  The dj was putting out a driving beat, the alcohol was flowing and the drinks were pretty decent.  The club staff was professional and didn't give the impression that they were just going through the motions.  The GF and I didn't stay for more than just one drink, but we didn't feel like we wasted our time stepping into the place.  You have to admire the fact that Studio 54 has been so long-lived.  While many clubs have come and gone, Studio 54 has outlived them pretty much all of them!If it were a thoroughbred, Studio 54 would be put out to stud.  Unfortunately, Studio 54 isn't a racehorse and its time has passed.  It should be retired for something new, different, bright, and shiny.
3	I like being hooked up with free passes to clubs like this. Honestly, I don't know much it is normally, but they usually have discounts from random people from the streets or the concierge...etc.This place is pretty big. Two stories, with the main floor downstairs and the live dj station behind the dance floor. Couple of bars, one near the entrance and the other in the second floor.Music is awesome, dj's are awesome. They have random flying stringed ladies going up and down the poles. They have go-go dancers too or whatever they're called. It's pretty much standing room only since either people come in super early to get a table or the tables are reserved. But it doesn't matter since you're pretty much having a good time anyway.This place is a pretty popular club; as the lines were super long. If you're in the guest list, then go to the far right and you'll pretty much bypass the queue. Studio 54 is located in the heart of the casino area in the MGM Grand hotel.
5	I love Studio 54! I've been there on 2 separate visits, and it's probably my favorite club in Las Vegas. I know I'm in the minority here, but let me explain...During my last visit to LV last June, I ended up at Studio 54 on a Thursday night at about midnight (after going to Tao, which was a big disappointment). It was just my boyfriend and I. There were only 2 other people in line, and we got in within about 5 minutes. The club itself is big, open, and there's a lot to look at. They have the typical go-go dancers on the platform, and even a male dancer (which you don't see to often). This is probably opposite of what others will like, but the club wasn't very crowded. There were enough people where it didn't feel empty and awkward, but not so many where we were bumping into people on the dancefloor and waiting 15 minutes for 1 drink. It was awesome. The music was great (Top 40/Hip Hop) and the crowd was very diverse. I like diversity! Am I the only one that gets bored of the same old popped-collar douchebags and slutty blond girls with fake boobs at every club?? The people at Studio 54 ranged in age from 21-35, but the best part about the scene is that everyone was there to have fun and dance and do their own thing. It wasn't about "who's looking at me" and "look how cool I am" and "let me show off how much money I have." It was about a bunch of genuinely cool people minding their own business, out to have a good time. That's the kind of scene I like. Room to dance! Time to get a drink = 1 minute! Line in the women's bathroom = 2 minutes! Hooray!I guess it all depends what you're looking for when you go out. If you want to spend your evening crammed in a dance floor where you can barely move, just to say you were there, go to Tao. But if you want to have a chill, relaxed, unpretentious, and genuinely good time dancing, go to Studio 54. It may be the "old" club on the block, but it's 10x better than any of the new clubs, in my opinion.
1	It was nice to get in for free but i do not recommend this place! I recently went to Studio 54 in spite of hearing bad reviews because girls can get in for free. The Dj played old music; the guys were creepy, hitting on every single girl; majority of people aren't dressed up; the dance floor is so small that people can't dance; the bar is so packed, it takes 20 minutes to get a drink. Leave this club as your last resort and do not expect much! Do not recommend!
2	As a guest at the MGM Signature, we got into this club for free, so we decided to give it a try (Saturday May 14).  I was not impressed overall and do not plan to return.First the good:1. The space was nice - the dance floor was big and open and there was a balcony / upstairs area, which was nice if you wanted to get a little space from the other patrons.2. When the sketchy drunk guy tried to steal my friend's jacket and camera, the bouncers got the situation under control quickly and efficiently.  Then the bad:1.  See #2 above - sketchy drunk guy tried to steal my friend's camera and jacket....  He was clearly drunk and acting very odd.  I am somewhat surprised that he was not removed from the club before the incident with my friend.2.  No Effen Vodka.  =(3.  The club did not have a "Vegas" feel .  People seemed a lot more dressed down than they did at lot of the other clubs we visited.  It reminded me more of a club you'd see back in the midwest.  Again, I do have to give props to the bouncers who helped us out, and I would give them 4 stars for service, but just ranking the club itself for dancing and having a night out in Vegas, I have to give it 2 stars.
2	Only Studio 54 in name. The theme is lost. So sad.The bartender was abrupt and impersonal. It wasn't even crowded. Small club but it has a decent sized dance floor. Nothing glamorous and it was dark. Not the Studio 54 I expected.
1	My BF and I received a complimentary ticket to studio 54 with the After Hours event, so after we had our fill of food and wine, we headed over to check it out. It wasn't overly crowded.  The dance floor, however, was pretty packed and I will say it was a good sized dance floor.  Can't say my average drink was bad, but I can't say it was fantastic either. I was also totally unimpressed with the go-go dancers (absolutely NO enthusiasm from my point of view) Would I go back? Probably if I was given a free ticket, but even then only if I was in the vicinity and only if I was in the mood for young, loud crowds.
4	My girl and I went on a wed. night. We had a fun and would go back again. The crowd was medium sized, but the DJ kept the dance floor packed. We met some ladies and dance with them all night until 3 am. We would go back. The DJ played very little techno was was great for the me, my girl will dance to most music.
2	Awful, yes I said it Awful.  I mean this is Vegas and I wanted to go out to clubs at least one or two nights but getting here at 11PM  was the worst crowd I have ever seen anywhere.  Only thing cool was seeing the old school pictures on the wall of the real STUDIO 54.  This was a very old, old crowd here and no they were not part of my group.  I think this was a worse experience than getting inside a club being 13 years old and partying with my parents.  I guess on a saturday it is a little better because they open up more floors and stuff. I saw only maybe two old MILFS that could get it for the one hour that I was here, thank goodness I did not get here earlier at 10 PM...Music here was pretty awful too. Mostly Top 40, but not anything particularly good.  Anything they played sounded worse when seeing the crowd again i state. Go-go dancers were cool, but there was only really one bad chick that caught everyone's attention.  Entrance fee was $20 down the drain and I needed a drink because it was so bad, $10 more wasted on  a vodka soda with Smirnoff ( I hate Smirnoff).
1	Come to Studio 54 if you're 40+ or like people who are 40+. Small, cramped and devoid of any attractive people. And let me remind you, I'm drunk and it's dark, yet, my opinion still stands.
3	Good things: free entrance for ladies on Saturday night and free drinks until 11pm. The DJ was good, though it was mostly 80s (Michael Jackson) and top 40 hits. Nothing too overly great about this place. Any other night, it's $20 for ladies to enter.
5	If you like to dance, or know how to dance for that matter, to good music, then this place is definitely for you.  I love Studio 54.  Even after all the bad things I heard about it, I think it's the place to go to dance, have drinks, and have fun.  It is a different crowd everytime, and the DJ is good on Fridays and Saturdays.  I just went the last few weekends, once on a Friday and another on Saturday.  I had a blast both times!It's airy, the dance floor is a bit small, but lots of space around it to drink and people watch.  They even have an upstairs area that is only open I believe on Saturday or if they can get more people to come.  I think they need to advertise the DJ's more for this venue, or advertise period.  I recommend one night at Studio 54, or at least a few hours before you hit up my other favorite club; Pure!
2	I so wanted to love this place! I don't gamble and had an itinerary planned so that I wouldn't be bored to death. Thing is, I couldn't even get my "friends" to tear themselves away from those god-awful zombie machines even for one night to visit. I think I would have had a better time if I had, because the people here, like in LA were very stuck up. Not to mention, the price to get into this dive isn't worth it, for sure. There is nothing that even remotely resembles Studio 54 about this place. And I can say that, because I went to the original. The music was boring; new mixes that sounded old, and not in that fabulous, familiar way, but in the "I can't believe they're playing that" kind of way. More like a bouncer's friend had a CD he'd made at home that they decided to play, just because. I'd only go there again if a) I were stupid enough to waste any more time in Vegas ever again, which I doubt; or b) I was comped and went with some REAL friends.
2	Expensive and crowded.
3	Studio 54 is in the MGM Grand where my wife and I were staying. One night as we were walking through the hotel, my wife dressed nicely for an evening on the town, she was stopped by a promoter who told her she should go in and check it out and gave us some passes. We hadn't planned on going there, but she had never been to a club like that before and wanted to see what it was like. So away we went. As she approached the ropes the doorman lets her in, but bars my way telling me I can't come in because I'm wearing shorts. It's Vegas in July; of course this Northern Illinois boy is wearing shorts! So we stepped out of line, I went upstairs and changed into jeans (I'm still not sure WHY I had jeans with me, but I did.). We go back and this time he reluctantly lets me in... We get inside, it's a small club, it was fairly busy and there were hardly any seating areas on the main floor. We ordered drinks at the bar that where greatly overpriced even for Vegas. After moving around a little, I could see my wife was enjoying herself so I decided that if we were going to stay, we were getting bottle service. Talked to a host who set me up quickly and took me to their VIP section... yay someplace to sit! I will tell you, if you are planning to spend any serious time here or are with a large group, check out the bottle service... yes it's still expensive, but cheaper than by the drink! They include gratuity when you do bottle service and if I recall correctly at the time I was there the cheapest bottle on the menu was around $280.00. My wife had a great time, she likes dancing... Me? Hell no... Me dancing is like a seizure while holding a straight razor... someone is getting hurt. I enjoyed watching however. They had Go-Go dancers on pillars that had some decent moves and looked cute. The crowd was a mix the night we were there, some older (like us) some younger. I've been to better clubs in Chicago when I was in College, but as this was my wife's first experience in a club scene, we did enjoy it. I doubt we'll ever go back though and I'm glad we didn't have to pay an admission fee.
4	We were here there this weekend celebrating 2 birthdays. We had bottle service for 350 - our "waitress" sucked and didn't deserve for mandatory gratuity but that is the only complaint I have. Well that an $8 water but that is to be expected in Vegas.  We had an amazing time, I enjoyed all the music and danced all night. I would definitely go back! If you want to dance and have fun, I say check this place out. I'm not sure what the cover was so I can't comment on that. There was a good mix of dance/r&b/hip hop and pop music. If you like that kind music you will probably enjoy this place - even if you don't you just might have a good time, my boyfriend did!
3	Went on a Tuesday night on our last trip to Vegas just to do something our last night there. Typical club prices on drinks which is always expensive, but it's Vegas so not much you can do about it. We got there right as they opened and it was dead for about and hour, our group of 6 along with maybe another 10 people were the only ones there. Started getting more busy and it was pretty chill, with a good vibe, dj was playing good songs overall and most of the crowd seemed to like the set a lot. However, the crowd overall was an older crowd (seemed like mid 30's and up) but it was still fun. If I had to pay to get in I might have not enjoyed myself as much, but getting comp'd since we were staying at the signature was a nice little bonus. I think I would have rather have gone to chateau, pure, or lavo though
1	We were staying at the MGM. On our way out to the taxi line, we were approached by a promoter who gave me a free pass to get in for $10. We accepted the passes, because we thought it might be a great place to party for the last few hours of the evening before we went to bed upstairs.We arrived back at studio 54 at 1:30am. The security had a twist in their panties and had crappy attitudes. Come on guys, nobody is in line and it's a Thursday night. Get over yourselves.We head up to the front to pay cover for my date. I peeked around the corner inside the club, which looked fairly empty. Security then told us, that my free pass, and his discounted pass were not valid after 10pm. First off, it would have been really great if the promoter would have told us that off the bat. Second, who wants to go to a club in Vegas on a Thursday night before 10pm? When we tried walk away from the desk, the snotty cashier squealed I was going the wrong way. Whatever lady.Pass on Studio 54 for Thursdays. Head to moon instead.
3	Compared to Jets, the girls dancing on stage weren't as great.  club wasn't as crowded.  one of the smaller dance floors.  drinks were free before 11... bartender was nice... dj played a lot of retro music...
2	We came here on a Tuesday night, it definitely was not what I expected.PROS:-Front of the line entrance, no cover charge for the ladies before a certain hour...I think 10 or 11pm (just look for a promoter handing out free wristbands)-Free vodka drinks for the ladies during certain hours (with your wristband)-Discounted cover-charge for the gentlemen ($10), just ask the club promoter and he will give you a discount ticket to show at the door.CONS:-Music is mostly unknown 70's/80's music, not really our music style.-No place to sit, unless you order bottle service!-Small dance floorVERDICT: Would not go back there again, unless it was free entry and  they played better music.
3	Two levels, wristband discounts, ok dance floor.....COVERCame here once because my friend was dj'ing and the other couple times we got wristbands from promoters around the hotel.  These wristbands gave us free cover and FREE vodka drinks from 9-11pm on thursday and friday.  I think times and days vary.  Guys I heard were able to get in for 10 bucks, which is awesome for Vegas.  So keep an eye out for these promoters wandering around.VENUETwo story, medium sized club in the MGM.  Nothing over the top shwanky, but does the job.  The layout is open with the dance floor in the middle.  Couple bars on the first level and another one on the second level.  There's also a few tables and chairs on the second level.  Wish there was more free seating though, most of the seating seemed to be mainly for VIP.BEATSMusic was awesome when my friend (DJ ICY ICE holla!) was spinning hip hop and old school.  Some of the other Dj's had this weird mix of house and 80's going on.  I like 80's but the mix was meh.  One night they had trapeze girls climbing the walls, which was cool.  Another night they had go go dancers on stage, which made it clear you don't need to be a great dancer to work here.I think this is a decent club to hit up if you're near.  Especially with the free drink promotion!!!!   But I probably wouldn't venture all the way down here if i was say coming from the Wynn part of the strip.
4	Place was pretty cool the music was awesome and the dance floor was sufficiently packed with room to move though. I don't know about the price because my friend and I were stopped and given wristbands to get in free. I had a really great time and I would definitely go again. The music was hip hop and top 40 which is what I like to dance to. There were some hot ladies dancing on stage and the DJ knew what he was doing. It was a lot of fun. There wasn't a dress code or anything, my friends were wearing flats and flip flops and myself and one of the other girls were in heels and jeans because we hadn't really planned on going to the clubs that night until the club promoter offered us free passes. The drinks were average price and were pretty strong. I loved it
5	This is the best club I've been to. The DJ was great, the lights were killer, and most of the gogo dancers were energetic. We paid $20 for a domestic beer and an import beer. I suggest you hit this club unless you are on a budget.
1	One of the worst clubs I have ever been to. $40 to get in. $15 Long Islands and $9 dollar Budweisers. I never see so many bigots, in one club at one time. Racist, and stuck up white woman all over the place. There were only 2 black women in there and they were bald headed. This was during Boise State vs UNLV weekend, for 2011. Im embarrassed i came in here. I could give 2 SHITS, if 2 planes crashed into this place.
1	DOUCHEBAG CENTRAL!It was like a freakin' sausagefest when we walked in. The guys were grabby & disgusting. The DJ was awesome & all we wanted to do was dance but every second, I KID YOU NOT, every second a guy would try & grind up on me. Uh.no. &&&& they couldn't take a hint. This club was soooo trashed. It could be because there was a UFC fight that weekend & it was at MGM so the douches could just migrate from the arena to Studio 54 which isn't too far.You could tell these guys were sooooo trashed. ugh.We left after an hour. We wanted to dance but guys being all grabby was not making that easy.
2	Music was decent. DJ silver kept talking! So annoying. We just wanted to dance & enjoy the music!
4	I came here on New Year's Night 1/1/12 and almost left the place because almost everybody had left town after NYE.  The place is well layed out with DJ in the center and tonight was mostly Hip Hop.  The guys to girls ratio tonight didn't help in the beginning either. What made the night worth it were the fine Go-Go dancers.  One of them, I think "Jackie" got the "Whole Package" and could probably be entertained by her all night and day.  Fricken "Bute-uh-ful" and made my whole night there.It does need possibly a small stage area for its guests who wants to step up and party a bit more.  Good music/DJ and great Go Go dancers to make your night a great one!
3	RIP
3	I love the ambience, and I wished they didn't close the upstairs, I like to venture.  The DJ was pretty good, and the dance floor was small though.  Nothing special about this club except it's a club.  Look for club employees walking around throughout the day, they will offer you a free drink voucher and a no cover charge bracelet.
3	Convient for those staying at the MGM considering all you have to do is walk up stairs, but was a decent club. The second floor was shut when I was there, but there was a nice dance floor to bust a move lol. I def recommend trying to find one of the club promoters during the day that way you can get your self on a list and can try to avoid a cover.
5	I have been to several events here from corporate parties, major DJ events, birthday parties and attending just to go out on a weekend evening. Two floors including a spacious VIP area is excellent. Most of the time there are acrobatics going on in the center of the nightclub. The performers can be seen hanging from loops to bungee jumping up and down on special swings. This nightclub recalls the nightlife scene from 1970's New York. In the large VIP area up stairs, there are two bars, one on each side of the venue. They have bottle service here along with a secured zone. Inside of the secured zone they sometimes serve small triangle sandwiches or cookies. This was one of the first nightclubs I had ever been in and has jaded my experiences at new ones ever since. Sad that it will be closing this weekend. Thanks for the memories Studio 54!
2	If this club was in some ordinary city, It might be 3, maybe 3.5 on a good night. But, this is Vegas! People have expectations of a crazy nightlife and with all the competition in the area this place just pales in comparison.Anything positive is probably due to its lack of popularity, so short lines at the bar, open areas to stand without being jammed between the dance floor and bar. It is a smaller scale club.It advertises two floors, but when I went on a Saturday night the second floor was closed off. My friends and I managed to get up there anyway, but since it was closed off it was just us and it was pretty dead. Dance floor was packed, probably since their is only one and the second floor is closed. The guy to girl ratio was terrible. For an industry that controls who gets in, they do a terrible job of letting more ladies in. But maybe it's because they are smarter and go to XS or some other club on the strip. Drink prices are comparable with the rest of the strip, and my friends and I (3 girls 1 guy) got in free from a guestlist or promoter, I forget. but I do remember walking in and seeing people pay $20 cover. Definitely not worth it to pay cover for this club.When people tell you it's not about where you go it's about who you're with, make the most of it with your friends, or any other quote like that, they were probably referring to this place. It has alcohol and music. So if you are with your friends in the MGM you can definitely have a good time. But, it won't be because of anything special they do.
4	Some of you may be thinking, Studio 54 is for old people...think what you want...but I'm a fan...I'll favor this place over Tao anyday...There was a club promoter hanging out at the front of the hotel lobby, so me and my girl cousins got in for free, and I think the guy cousins and bro got in for 20 bux I think...DJ was super awesome---definately knows what to spin and to keep the party goin'...go-go girls are super cute...the bro picked up a dollar bill that slipped out of one of the dancer's shorts...lol...the bill was soiled with sweat I'm sure...but hey, the bro kept it as a souvenir haha...Overall, people young and old in this place, but good vibes all around...loved it...
2	The space is nice, but the crowd is not good (very much on the older side, and lots of leering drunk guys).  Only pluses are that women usually get in for free & they have drink specials/free drinks for women during certain hours of the night.
4	you will be missedGood venue, great atmosphere... studio 54 will still live on!
4	I'm going to miss seeing the really cute cashier that worked there:(
