5	I'm VERY particular when it comes to work to be done on my pool--I'm known as the "pool diva" in the neighborhood. I'm beyond thrilled with the work performed by Bullfrog! My tile looks fabulous (especially after the silicone sealant)---and the acid wash truly brightened up my 3M quartz plaster! Thank you for your promptness and attention to detail! I will call upon your services again when needed plus I highly recommend your company!!!
5	Wonderful customer service. Work completed in the time quoted.  My pool and tile look great!
5	I had seven years of calcium build up on the tile, rust spots on the 3M quartz plaster, and dirt stains I did not think would ever be clean again on my 45,000 gallon pool. Bullfrog told me they would work hard to get it looking better. They did not promise that everything would come clean, but that they would do their best. My husband is a clean freak and a perfectionist. He looked at it when the work was complete and declared, "It looks brand new." The owner came out every day to check on the progress, and to make sure I was happy. He called me two different times to ensure my satisfaction, and made recommendations on how we could keep our neglected pool looking its best going forward. They were complete professionals throughout the whole process and seemed to personally care about my pool and my satisfaction. I would highly recommend them.
5	I highly recommend Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning. My swimming pool's pebble tec and waterfall was a mess with calcium buildup and purple stain (mineral deposits?) on my waterfall and pool tile. Bullfrog pool Tile Cleaning removed the calcium and the  purple mineral buildup, drained my pool and acid washed the whole pool, making it look like new again. The company staff was friendly,  professional, quick, thorough and very reasonably priced. We live in Phoenix AZ so we use our pool a lot! Our friends in Scottsdale bought a home with a pool that had algae that turned their pool green. We recommended Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning to them and they were very happy with the pool cleaning services Bullfrog did for them as well. We will continue to use Bullfrog to maintain our pool and waterfall to keep it looking bright and clean every year!
5	I highly recommend Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning. My swimming pool's pebble tec and waterfall was a mess with calcium buildup and purple stain (mineral deposits?) on my waterfall and pool tile. Bullfrog pool Tile Cleaning removed the calcium and the  purple mineral buildup, drained my pool and acid washed the whole pool, making it look like new again. The company staff was friendly,  professional, quick, thorough and very reasonably priced. We live in Phoenix AZ so we use our pool a lot! Our friends in Scottsdale bought a home with a pool that had algae that turned their pool green. We recommended Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning to them and they were very happy with the pool cleaning services Bullfrog did for them as well. We will continue to use Bullfrog to maintain our pool and waterfall to keep it looking bright and clean every year!Thank you Clay!!Carole S.
5	This business has amazing customer service and did the job they said they would.  I highly recommend this company
5	From beginning to end BF exceeded my expectations!From the time I called, the young lady who answered the phone set the tone of the experience I was about to have with BF. When Chris the technician showed up, he educated me on their process and guaranteed my satisfaction. This gentleman is a true asset to this company. Within an hour or so of the job completion, Clay called to follow up and inquire if I was completely happy with the service they provided. How refreshing :-)
4	They did a great job on my pool tile cleaning.  They came out when I wasn't home and I called later with my credit card to pay.  Tile looks great.  It was well worth it.Def. use them again.  Highly recommended.
5	My husband and I had some staining on the bottom of our pool from the previous owner and wanted to get it taken care of. We called Bullfrog and they called back the same day (I called another company that shall remain nameless and they never returned my call). Everyone was super nice and my pool looks great! They were able to accommodate my schedule and were always available. Highly recommend! My pool looks great! If you do go with Bullfrog, use the Yelp deal! :)
