1	What a wait!  The lines were so long, especially when we were leaving.  Only 2 staff.  Another came while we were in line and thought great, but what!  She could not get any of the computers to work.  What!  After the staff person was finished which seemed to take an average of 15 minutes or better, they had to go out the door with the person to see where the car was they were renting.  Noticed one of the staff was constantly calling on their walkie talkie and not getting anyone to answer.  We finally got to the front as people were complaining and making comments.  We are all on vacation and you don't have enough staff!  Hello!!!!  Incompetent....  The lady that waited on us seemed to be the only one who knew what she was doing and was very disgusted with staff who did not have their radios on and she kept saying turn the radio on.  By the time we left, the other staff person was waiting while finally a tech came out to see what was wrong with their computers.... Ah, I felt bad for all who was waiting in the line that went no where!  Don't bother with this train wreck....
1	Dollar gave me a car that had 63,000 miles on it.  I'm not in the habit of checking the odometer on rentals.  I guess I should.  On day 2 we drove through a rainstorm and felt the car sliding.  No wonder.  The next morning the tire warning on the dashboard lit up.  Low tires.  Looked at the tires.  BALD!!!!  Took the car to a Goodyear and the tech said I shouldn't drive the car more than 200 miles cuz the tires were that worn.  Wouldn't pass a safety inspection.  Called customer service after our trip to complain.  Was offered a $30 coupon.  HA!!! I talked them up to a $50 credit, which almost covered the $55 I spent on gas.  My impression is that dollar will do anything for a buck, even put customers in unsafe cars.  And the way customer service treated me was just insulting.  Never again.
1	I called to get a quote from Dollar Rental Car over the phone. I am under 25, and the dollar rental car website does not allow you to factor in age for quotes, and so my first question upon getting through to a representative was "How much do you charge for underage fees on your rental cars" as I was comparing several companies to get the best deal. She told me it depended on the location, so she set up a reservation for Charlotte, where I was traveling to. She then told me there was no underage fee on rental cars in Charlotte and my total would be $45. I was surprised at this and so asked her again to be sure "So there is no underage fee, even though I am not 25 yet, to rent a car from you in Charlotte. $45 will be the price I am charged upon arriving at the rental car counter, no extra fees?" and she said "that is correct." She asked if I wanted to book the reservation, and I said "If you are saying that will be my total, even though I am under 25, then yes I'll book that." which she responded to in the affirmative once again and made the reservation, even sending me an email with the quote. Upon arriving at the rental car counter by shuttle bus in Charlotte at 8pm that night. The man at the counter told me there would in fact be underage fees on my car, which would increase my reservation to $130. I told him I had asked three times on the phone about underage fees and was told there were none, and he told me there was nothing he could do. As it was now too late to go back to the airport and re-shuttle to another car agency, as well as the fact that reserving a car right at that moment would have been more expensive than ordering it in advance, I still rented the car. I am still furious at being blatantly lied to over the phone by Dollar Rental Car. It would have been at least 40 dollars cheaper to go with a different Charlotte car rental agency, and it would also have literally been cheaper to fly to my destination from Charlotte than to rent a car for $130. I will NEVER be renting a car from Dollar Rental Car again and I would advice anyone else to do the same.
