3	This Whole Foods used to be a Sunflower Market or whatever.  Didn't like that place, and I don't like the Whole Foods that has taken over.  It's like a mini Whole Foods without as much of the freshly made stuff as the location on Charleston.  And that's the main reason I go to Whole Foods, so I never end up at this one.
4	One dear friend calls this place "Whole Paycheck" and it does add up quite a bit. Like Kermit says though  "it's not easy being green".However, I do appreciate any business that is willing to be different and to provide a better way of living- give them plenty of kudos simply for that fact. It's not only food, some people don't know WF has a foundation that helps projects that life communities out of poverty, or a Local Producer Loan Program that gives low interest loans to small productions, or support wind and solar power farms to offset 100% of their electrical usage.For someone who has food allergies, this place is their savior. For some, it is wholesome foods they can make a change with and I'm rooting for anyone who wants to live consciously.  For people like me though, I come for select things since I can't afford to go fully microbiotic/organic, but I like to keep my home and foods as natural as possible. Going all natural in a world like today, specially in a city like Vegas isn't so easy. It's not like back home where LA has an abundance of big farmers markets and natural food stores to chose from. Firstly, toothpaste. This is the only place that carries Jason products and their Sea Fresh is the only toothpaste I use. I will not put any other toxic brand in my mouth. Never ever again. I love that they have a variety of natural products and I tend to buy things like shampoo here when I can't get to places like Lush.I buy mostly from the produce section. It's fresh, it's not too badly priced considering its natural and I find things here I have difficulty finding anywhere else- gold beets, chanterelle mushrooms, brussel sprouts fresh on the stalk, heirloom mini tomatoes,etc.Their beer selection isn't wide, but it makes up for in selections. Often times when I am looking for a limited edition, I can find it here. In particular- Dechutes limited like Abyss and Jubel are often available.Deli is okay. I do love WF deli but this one compared to the Cali ones  and even the other Vegas branches has the most limited selection of the ones I've been in. It's still good quality, just sometimes I'm looking for a particular WF deli item I'm hankering for and this one does not have it. There's this quinoa salad I loved in La Jolla and I've seen it only at the LVB store. I also like their spicy soba noodles, rotisserie chicken and curry salad. Everything else is hit and miss. Some dry goods, breads, meats, cheeses, etc. I can find cheaper at other natural markets so it's about buying what is a reasonable deal here or getting things here that I cannot find elsewhere (black forest bacon for example). .  Check out the under $3 basket of cheese! I think this is great for a small dinner party since you can sample a load of cheeses that normally come in big $10+ hunks. Any serious and honest cook can't really denounce a place like this. For the their selection and a honorable mission I am a fan, even when it hurts my wallet.
4	I've lived in the neighborhood for almost 3 years and I never knew about this location.  I've been going to the Whole Foods on W. Charleston the entire time....burning countless gallons of gas driving the extra 2.5 miles each way!I happened to stumble across this location because I was at the Fedex Kinko's in the same shopping center.  This location is tucked away and if you aren't looking for it, it can be easily missed....which is why I'm sure I never noticed it before.It's a smaller location than the normal Whole Foods, but you can get most of the staples here.  That's what prevented me from giving it 5 Stars.Will I return?  Hell yah, and I'll save gas while am I it too....Bonus!
4	A great place to pick up some Whole Foods products when you don't feel like dealing with a large crowd.I used to live in that neighborhood and as a creature of habit I still stop by there every now and again just because I'm used to it.  Aside from its familiarity it still has a lot of good product.  Although a much smaller version of the other stores I can still find most of what I need.The deli is pretty good, the produce is nice and it has lots of great bath and body products. Still a bit pricey but the quality of the produce is apparent.
3	I like Whole Foods' selection but not their prices. I usually only go here if I need an ingredient I can't get at Vons. This location is fairly small, but they stll have a better selection of cheeses, meats, and organic vegetables than Vons.I went here today to get turkey legs to make stock. While I was standing at the meat counter, the butcher walked up and said, "Can I help you, sir?"Granted my hair is short and I'm kinda soft butch, but I still don't like being called sir.He did apologize when he saw my face and was very nice while filling my order.
3	Star lost. We go to Whole Foods every week at least once since we've decided to try to insist for the best quality foods in our diets.  Sunday we had a wonderful plan to make a lovely risotto with canaroli not the usual arborio, put lovely red onions, sweet peas, white wine, large shrimp pieces, organic veggie stock and top it with large lemon zest crusted pan seared scallops. Sounds amazing right? Well we got the largest shrimp they had at the counter and they looked fresh, smelled fresh. It tasted so fucking nasty! Like plastic injected shrimp....just this strong iodine and chemical plastic flavor. Unfortunately we cooked that INTO the risotto so a part of the flavor parted ways into the stock and into a bit of our food even though we picked out all the shrimp after the first bite.. Back to cooking 101: taste everything even your base ingredients.  I've come to rely on Whole Foods being a place of quality so I didn't think to taste the shrimps I pre- blanched before turning into the rice. Gourmet, beautiful dinner spoilt. Overall, I still like Whole Foods, but that was a big bummer that I could have gotten frozen shrimps for the supermarket and had a better dinner. They should really look into the distributor of those shrimps because they aren't edible. Our dogs ate them just fine- but one eats cat shit and the other tries to lick the other dogs asshole after a poop. The cat didn't want none of it so I gave the discerning kitty gourmet some scallops.
3	I like the variety of foods available bu the prices  are painful.
4	A little expensive but fresh, a lot of organic, people seem to know what's going on in all departments whether they work in that department or not, which is a big bonus in my book! A big plus too is when I by Coconut Water by the case they give me a 10% discount even if I don't ask! All around fun place to hang out, even though they don't seem to hire based on personality, or perkiness, sometimes I want to pump some excitement into the AC system to make sure they are really alive and not just  zombies pushed into labor by some cosmic God. Guess knowledge is more important than joy or humor.
3	when comparing this to other whole foods markets- this one is very lack luster. first of all its like completely empty on the weekend. maybe its not the right demographic where its located??? also, i thought it was a lot more expensive than the ones in LA. the salad bar was weak and the food looked like it had been sitting for a while. probably because it was so quiet and empty.there was some staff member who kept pushing around a broom and running into me and my niece. She seemed miserable as well.seriously, I like organic foods and I've got a gluten allergy so I am forced to shop here at times but if Im spending an arm and a leg on this stuff, dont be an a**hole and keep rudely bumping into me.weirdo. go read some sylvia plath.
1	Whole Paycheck prices, over $400 for a small cart of food is absurd!  Vitamin products are full retail prices in most cases, buy online and you can save 50%!  Wayne Gorsek
3	Honestly I love Whole Foods Market, but this branch was disappointing.  It deserves a 2.5 for size, selection and staffing.It's a smaller branch, the selection was limited, raw items even less than the other branches.  I felt bad.  I couldn't find things easily.  They didn't have raw ice cream, didn't have kale chips, etc., etc., etc.  What mediocrity.  But I picked up some bars and a fresh pressed grapefruit juice.  At least they have that.The cold and hot food bar had limited items and boring, nothing interesting or too appetizing.Now why does it get 3 starts?  This is the first branch  that offers FREE wifi (none that I know of have this feature).  So you could eat your take out, whip open your laptop and get some work done.I think they were short-staffed this afternoon.  Took me a while to find hemp protein powder and they didn't carry it.  How absurd!I am not going to return to this branch!
3	Not my normal WF, but I was in the neighbourhood and needed some fruit and other sundry items.  I like this location for one main reason: the house brand raisins!  Why doesn't the Ft Apache WF carry the house brand raisins?  The Lake Mead WF is smaller than the Ft Apache and feels a bit cramped....but yesterday, they were offering free samples of everything from limeade to chips to cranberry bread.  :)  I can deal with cramped space if I have free food!
3	This Whole Foods is the baby bear of the three in town, but doesn't skimp on selection or variety. I don't come to this one too often, but I do like the feel it has just because it is in a smaller space.I did notice they have an attractive produce section that included nopales! Their produce section is always really nicely put together when I'm there and very rarely do I see anything out of place-but again, I don't come in here that often.Their meat counter is significantly smaller than the other two locations, but deli, salad bar, prepared foods section were about the same size as the other locations.All in all, a decent branch of this chain.
4	I went to the new Pho Bar they have and it was better than I could think it was.  I've been wishing there was a place I could just run in and grab some Pho without having to order and then wait and then go pick it up.  Someone should open a pho bar.  Run in, throw it in a soup bowl, pay and leave.  Awesome!
4	This Whole Foods is lovely. It's always clean, the hot bar always smells delicious, and the staff are always helpful. Plus, I love the values of the Whole Foods business, and I will continue to shop here with loyalty.
5	I enjoy shopping there, the staff is very friendly, it is a little pricey,however,  my children do not melt down when we go there. Pastries are fresh and tasty. Meat is AWESOMEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You will never buy meat anywhere else. After watching Food inc. I will only buy meat that are grass fed!! I love the meat here!!! I just wish the prices for food were a little less-but, i will continue to shop there.
1	Normally I like whole foods even tho they're $$ and they have fresh baked breads. But every time I come to this whole food there is no fresh baked breads. I am disappointed by the size of the store, the prices seem much higher, lack of service, lack of communication with other workers, lack of intelligence and lack of selection.ex: I went on a Tuesday to buy some clams and it was on sale. Went back on Thursday no sale. I asked the person if it was only a one day sale and he said no it didn't go on sale and I'm in charge of all the pricing here and it was never on sale. I said yes it was I just bought it 2 days ago. Then he was blabbing on getting me upset so I went to look in my bag and showed him the receipt. Then he was like they must have made a mistake your lucky. If you don't know anything stop bull shiting. Dumbass..You look like a fool and you make your co-workers too. Which sucks for the good people who know what they are doing and saying.ex 2: Called to ask if the have lamb meat. they said yes, asked them if they can hold some for me and I'll be there in 15 mins. They said there is over 10lbs no worries. Drove there and the meat guy said there is no lamb meat today. I told him I called and someone in the meat department told me yes that's why I drove all the way here. Grrr..
5	I really enjoy shopping here. The staff is very knowledge and friendly. The store is of course known for its various organic and healthy options. So its nice coming in and seeing a lot of new and interesting items. One of the best things there is their selection of cheeses. I love cheese and its great to go in and see the variety and then go home and eat fruit and cheese.. (wow I sounded kinda pretentious there!!) Anywhoo... While they are a tad bit pricey most of the stuff you're buying is organic, vegan and/or small not well known businesses which I dont mind supporting. Its all win-win to me.I'll absolutely be back!
3	I find enough of what I need there, but it's smaller than other Whole Foods I've been to and their selection and variety isn't as good as other Whole Foods I've been to. They have a good gluten free selection.  It's hard to find stuff sometimes. Whenever I go in there, even though it's really small, it takes a long time for me to find what I'm looking for. Half the time, I don't find most of what I need, which is frustrating.Expensive...they all are. Overpriced, honestly.
2	I don't know what all the hype is about.  So they sell organic food. Big deal. That just means they can jack up the price for something that's no different than non-organic stuff( that's an argument for another time). Half the stuff is expired, but I guess no one actually checks on that. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the butcher was very helpful and nice.  As far as the meat being organic, well it was a living organism at one point. I don't know how u can be more organic than that.
4	This is probably one of the smaller locations in town, as it used to be Wild Oats years ago (I shopped here when it was Wild Oats and my office was across the street; found lots of Amy's Organic products, like spinach feta pockets and spinach pizza). We were on this side of town yesterday. When you walk in, produce is to your right, followed by aisles with bulk food, condiments, sauces, dressings. The next two aisles are frozen foods. (On the back side is the meat department, followed by the cheese department, and finally wine, section.) Past the frozen foods, is the spice section, followed by the health/vitamin supplement section, followed by the cereal, yogurt, cottage cheese, tofu section. Juices and chips precede the Salad Bar and deli sections. Cashiers are toward the front; there are a few tables to enjoy the salad bar, situated in the very front of the store.   I still needed some staples for my low-sodium diet (going on a month now) so we stopped here after having lunch. I'd been having a hard time finding "no-salt added" beans, corns, tomatoes, hot sauce (low-sodium), mustard, salad dressings (which seem to be the worst salt offenders, besides the other condiments), chicken broth and granola (10 mg). I found them all here! I tried searching for low-sodium cheese but had no luck. Also spotted a good selection of dried fruits, except the prices were not clearly marked. If you're looking for fruit to put in your smoothies, go to the freezer section, most were marked $2.99 per bag- strawberries, bananas, etc. (cheaper than our local Albertson's, we still needed some things). If you're a fan of Bubbie's Frozen Mochi (Hawaii vacationers would be familiar), there are limited flavors sold here, too.I was happy to finally end up with lots of no-salt or low-sodium choices. As always, the prices are slightly higher, but that's ok. I knew going into this, that special diets require more time, attention, and an up-front cost. I took a lot of time reading labels. Good thing, my hubby was checking things out and shopping for himself too. (The last store I need to check out is Sunflower.) If you prefer Organic, have a special diet, like me, or just want food with less gluten, less preservatives, less pesticides, shop here.   There were a few other customers shopping here but I didn't think it was crowded at any point. Everything is similar to how it was set up before it became a Whole Foods store, so I was very familiar with the store arrangement. I noticed a few people stocking the shelves. The store is clean and in order. Large parking lot in the Strip Mall location.
5	This store might be small, but it has charm and wonderful food... the people are nice and friendly
3	When you go into whole foods expect 2 things1. Over priced things2. Pretentious employees and customers.Big store, big selection, the ladies in the vitamin section are very helpful and sweet. but the rest of them suck.
2	I can't show any love for this Whole Foods, sorry.This location used to be a Wild Oats, but when they were bought out by Whole Foods they converted the building accordingly.  The problem with that is this Whole Foods is much smaller than the others in town, and in turn their selection is lacking.  A tiny produce section, one row of frozen items, and pretty much half the selection of everything else when compared to the Whole Foods down the road.They are trying to please everyone by offering something from every section (produce, salad bar, vitamins).  Instead, they should focus on the items that sell the best and expand on that while eliminating what doesn't sell.Basically, I come here trying to avoid the crowds at the Charleston Whole Foods, but become irritated when I can only find half the things on my grocery list and know that I'm going to wind up at the other Whole Foods anyway.Employees are friendly, the store is clean, but don't come here with a long grocery list because you won't find it all here.
5	I just think the staff here is wonderful!!!!Wednesday hamburger is 50% off.....if you have never tried it....once you do, you will NEVER get it anywhere else!
3	This used to be a Wild Oats around 5 years ago so, this location is still having an identity crisis.  It's smaller than the other Whole Foods I've been to, however, it's close to the office.  It's in the same complex as Yogurt-land.  The staff are nice though.
3	Just made a meal for about 7 people using Whole Foods for ingredients. Everything turned out super good and tasted very fresh. The employees were helpful as well, however the usual high prices and smaller size of this particular Whole Foods knocks it down a bit.
4	This Whole Foods was a bit smaller than the one on Charleston. I brought my laptop to use after I had lunch and  It took a little while for the wi-fi to connect, but that could have been my laptop.They did have a deli, with most of the types of foods that Whole Foods are known for. I did notice the people were really nice and helpful, so that's a plus.  The selection here is not as vast as the Whole Foods on Charleston, it's just a smaller store, but it still a good place to pick up healthy snack and such.
5	Best ever shopping experience at any Whole Food location, far better than my local West Hartford store! Every question I asked to the cleaning person to the stock personnel & cashier, the staff is truly "engaged" & really helpful with the right attitude, when I return to Vegas, I will shop at the Whole Foods location
4	If you're into natural products this place is awesome! they have a great food selection as well as natural medications and many other natural items. This is my go to store for essential oils and vitamins amongst other things. The prices are decent and the quality is good. Whole Foods is a go to spot for me :)
2	This is not up to my Whole Foods standards. It felt cramped, and, unfortunately pretty unclean. I also asked a question about wine, what I thought was a simple one (Is this it or do you also have a wine case that you lock up your nicer wines? Sometimes grocery stores have nicer wines locked up so people don't steal them, etc.), and the staff members couldn't help me and also didn't really understand the question.I was in and out quickly but not before checking out the bathrooms. You can always judge the quality of an establishment by its restrooms and no sir, I don't recommend this WF solely based on that.
4	I'll be honest with you, I do the bulk of my grocery shopping elsewhere. I am not a big consumer of the organic and vegan options of which Whole Foods has an abundance. That is not to say I don't appreciate what they offer. I like that they offer a variety of local items I don't believe I have ever seen at other larger chain stores. Like beer from Tenaya Creek and Big Dogs breweries. Or Cranberry Mustard from Strawberry Creek in Boulder City.  I like the selection of gourmet cheeses. I sampled a smoked goat cheddar today. It was delicious. I don't shop here but once every couple of months. When I do, I have a certain list I like to stick with. I start with roasted seaweed snacks because I love them so. Next I look at the frozen food. I don't often get anything from the freezer but when I do I like the ethnic meals from Amy's. I then head towards the deli area where they have a hot, cold, and salad bar. Fill your box with whatever you want and pay by weight. I love that they have dolmas. This is one of the only places I can find dolmas. I also like the falafel, potato croquets, and roasted garlic. It is my standard. After I get my box of ready to eat and prepared food, I grab a couple cans of soda. I like the ginger ale and root beer best I think. I used to think of places like Whole Foods as pretentious. I now see the goodness of it having been here several times and discovered some new treats.
3	I used to shop @ the Whole Foods in West Hollywood, Ca. and I have not been to a WF since I moved to Las Vegas. I had high hopes for this location.Some of the isles seemed so cramped, it was hard to get my cart by the other patrons. Plus the frozen section was unapproachable because it was being stocked by several employees in the middle of the day on a Saturday....The deli was full of many meat, vegetarian, and vegan items. I was disappointed that the flower section was only a few tulips/daffodils. I will return for the wide selection of vegan/ vegetarian items, but I will be prepared for the large crowds of people--- maybe a basket, not a cart.
4	I love shopping at Whole Paycheck.  It is my everyday grocery store and I don't drive a Luxury car!  I will gladly pay a little more for the quality especially in the produce, seafood, butcher, and cheese department...they even get me buying boutique bottles of wine that no one else carries.  I can't tell you my wine secrets though...three times now friends of mine have bought the last case of a great bottle I found here.This is not my favorite location however...my favorite departments are usually the butcher and produce sections of WF...with a shout -out to the wine and cheese.  This is a smaller location though and they simply don't have the space to carry as large of a variety.  That being said, They have one of the better food bars at this location!I am also a fan of the small portions of high quality cheese that they sell.  They regularly put out smaller cuts of cheese into an under $2 and under $3 basket in their cheese case.  I try so many more cheeses because of this...and they make so much more money off of me for this way because I am always buying some cheese that I would otherwise not buy...I mean how could I go through an entire normal wedge or block of cheese?
3	Best choices for gluten free and dairy free at whole foods  but this location doesn't have as much in hot/cold bar options and isn't as nicely organized as others in town.  Half of the bulk buys were out of stock in both my trips. Will continue to go but to the other locations in town.
4	I could have sworn I wrote a review. While yes, the Charleston one is bigger and with more selection, sometimes I just want to get in and out real quick and shop at this more quiet location. My MIL doesn't live far, so we often drop in here on the way there, or on the way home. I've always found the staff here nice, and some have taken time to answer our questions. I come here for the basics but specially produce and the grain bulk bins.My only critique is their closing at 10pm sucks for swing shift people. We would be here way more often if we were able to get here. So I am having to go once a week and supplement from the limited produce elsewhere.I'm not rich, but food matters more than a lot of BS things we choose to spend money on. This is my easy stop for organic, non gmo products.
5	Can't best the apple,orange,spinach and parsley fresh squeezed juice:)
4	Well, whole foods is really the face lift of your common grocery store... kind of like JC Penney vs Nordstrom's. You are going to find a large selection of organic products, recycled paper bags and great customer service, But like most things in life you have to pay a little be more to enjoy these perks.  They do a lot of cooking demos  ( check their website for more info), they have their own deli with pre-made meals and you can even order your own custom made pizza to go. So if you are tired of long lines, bad customer service, and ok food quality, you will love coming to whole foods!!
4	This place has a lot of organic stuff. Great coupons on their website as well. I like how it's an easy stop to get my protein shake here. I use vega one and they always have it in stock. Great selection of healthy foods. Just a bit pricey.
3	Not a great whole foods, seems like a wannabe whole foods, not alot of selection and set up weird, they need to do something to change the feel of the store
4	This has to be one of the smallest Whole Foods that I've been to. But you know what?  It's also one of the easiest ones to get in and out. I just recently discovered the food bars at Whole Foods on my quest to clean eating.  At this Whole Foods, I was unaware that they even served food because the selection is obviously smaller.  No big deal for me because my reason to ever come here to to pick up a few necessities from time to time.  My reasons for coming here;-Flavored Rice Cakes-UDO's 3-6-9 Oil Blend-Ezekiel English Muffins-Bob's Red Mill Rolled OatsBy the way, their prices for everything may be higher than most, but their bottled is cheap, cheap, cheap.  Because Whole Foods tends to be on the pricier side, I do the rest of the grocery shopping elsewhere. But I won't discredit Whole Foods. I encourage you to come check them out, especially this one.  Looking for a place for healthier eating with a quick in and out, then this Whole Foods has to be on the top of your list. PS:  Like all other Whole Foods in the Valley, some of the best employees. I put that on!!YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (401/500)
3	Yes, Whole Foods is expensive. However, there are some gems in here that are worth the money. Some of those goodies are found in the deli. However, for every great find (corn and arugula salad!) there are also some misses in the deli. The fish section is one of the better few that I have found in the Valley (but that also means you will pay extra for the increased quality). Overall, WF has a good selection (especially in hot sauces) and a nice layout. You will pay more money than a typical grocery store, but it is also apparent where those extra dollars are going.
4	This little Whole Foods packs a mean punch. I come here a lot since it's close to my office and I can get something quick and easy from their deli/ salad bar. Their samosas here are pretty good too. I'm learning to appreciate this location more and more every time I come here especially today.I have plans of making dinner tonight and the key ingredients for what I'll be making are all here: black truffles and truffle goat cheese (thanks to the kind gentleman who helped me find it). They also have truffle oil but I still have some at home which I bought online - now I know where to go if I run out.They also have a good selection of balsamic vinegar, wine and beer. You can make your own nut butters.I get easily distracted so the size of this store works well for people like me who can get lost for hours in a big store.TRUFFLES!!
4	When I'm in Vegas I know I can count on Whole Foods to have my cold pressed juice available. I'm paying more then I would pay in LA but its worth it. I also love their selection of flowers. Again not bad for Vegas, most of the time when I look for flowers they would not last past 24 hours.They have a poor selection of wines at this location. I'd like to see a better section of central coast wines. The staff is incredibly helpful with the selection they do have. I went home with three delicious bottles varying in price from as low as ten dollars to forty dollars. As always Whole Foods breaks the bank. Sadly Vegas has a lot of catching up to do as far as nutritious places on the North side and I find this is my only option when I'm in town. They are open till ten which fits my schedule.
4	I've been going to this whole foods for quite awhile and they always have everything I need. The employees are really nice and friendly and the store is always kept nice and clean.
5	This is my preferred Whole Foods location. It used to be a Wild Oats years ago, and is smaller than most other WF stores.Sometimes you want to be able to shop quickly, get in and get out without a lot of fuss. This location makes that easy because of it's smaller size. This store usually has some items in stock that are regularly sold out at the Charleston location.The quality of the bakery items at this store seem to be the best in town. The croissants are always big, perfectly flaky, and crispy.Due to the size, they might lack some specialty items or obscure wine varieties here, but I haven't ever had a problem finding anything.The staff is friendly and always helpful if you need anything.
2	This is my least favorite Whole Foods. I know its less crowded but theres a reason why. The meat and fish dept is sad. No fresh squid??? Its only sold in blocks frozen and no Moonfish which is in season now. The counter help is not very helpful either. I know The Charleston location is very busy but its worth it. The dude working the fish counter I think his name is Rob Green is awesome! Drive a little further peeps its worth it!
4	This is the store of all Las Vegas Whole Foods if you want samples as they can be generous. I love the small quaint feeling of the store and the fact that you don't have ridiculous long lines when you're in a hurry like others. The only shame is the seafood guy that does all the best poke isn't here along with the produce guy that made the fresh guacamole.
5	Love this store, love the food, nothing bad to say about this place!The prices are so worth the quality, and they have endless options if you choose to eat there, with seating of course!
4	I love this Whole Foods, even though it is a little on the expensive side, WF is one of the best places to buy gluten free snacks! (You know, other than fruit..etc) When you're trying to eat healthier and have the money to spend, always know that Whole Foods has a pretty good bakery and Deli. And honestly, if it's your first time and want to find something specific..just ask. Make things easier for yourself! Because even though this is a smaller location, all products are scattered around the store!
4	yes, the reviews are right... this location is smaller so more convenient for getting in and out of a little faster, though some of the clerks are sloooow.The selections are still really good for meat, cheese and all the regulars...
3	I enjoy coming here for lunch for their value meals. Their tofu sticks is really the best, but their service can be worked on. I did not give it a 4 star because this location is smaller than the other Whole Foods and their service here isn't as great as the other stores that I've been to.
4	I buy from this location because it's a little bit closer to my place.Whole Foods has the best selection of some of the healthiest foods our state has to offer; yes it's expensive, but the physical and psychological feeling I get from eating better foods is priceless.  Since the start of buying our groceries from Whole Foods I've experience far less migraines, lost weight, and my body/mind feel much more healthy in general.  I do have one issue; this location has a very, very small produce section.  In fact, many of the items in the produce section appear old and wilted from time to time.  There's also allot of wasted space towards the front of the store where they have tables, chairs, and coffee/sweets.  Overall, the taste is in the quality, and the quality is here.
2	My first time in a Whole Foods store I must say I was disappointed. The store was on the smaller side and things were really hard to find. I was there because I was looking up ingredients to make a healthy meatloaf which would be in compliance with Whole30 eating program.  I dont know how they expect the average Joe to be able to afford to shop here... I guess that's why they market it to a more pretentious/affluent crowd and the sheeple. I went to the meat counter and asked for 2 lbs of beef, which happened to be grass fed and blah blah blah, and a 1lb of ground turkey. To my surprise, the beef was $10 a pound, like seriously!!!!! The produce section is small. It seemed as though most of the aisles were filled with boxes of gluten free this and gluten free that. Whole foods shouldn't come in a box IMO. And this gluten free craze has people going crazy. As most people can tolerate gluten, unless you have celiac disease or a extreme sensitivity. That craze seems to be apart of the sheeple acts as well as people shop at whole foods to eat healthier but then head over to the other sheeple meeting place, Starbucks, and devour their sugar laden , unhealthy versions of coffee and baked goods...but that's another discussion entirely.  Back to my shopping experience... Another plus I would add is ability to bag as much or as little of your flours as you wanted, and the gentleman behind the meat counter and cashier were very helpful. I got 3 lbs of meat, cauliflower, a small container of watermelon, about 8 spices, almond flour, coconut flour and my bill was $87 and change. Highway robbery if you ask me.I think I will stick to Smith's for a majority of my grocery needs and only come here if a recipe calls for an ingredient not at Smith's, or if I get the urge to buy organic grass fed meats.
2	I went to this store for three items and they only had one out of the three. If I can't get coconut aminos and coconut flour from whole foods then where am I supposed to get them? I ended up walking out without the almond flour because I can get that anywhere and it was a few dollars more at Whole Foods. Either way, this store is smaller than most Whole Foods stores and apparently it doesn't carry a lot of the same items.The fresh food selection is not up to par either. If you want a typical Whole Foods experience you should probably go to the Town Square location or the Summerlin location.
4	The Skinny: even though this is the smallest selection compared to the other Whole Foods, it has the best in-store specials and samples. The service is generally better with friendlier cashiers.Even though the West Charleston location is closer to my home, I will trek it out here to shop at this Whole Foods too. I usually do a package deal - I hit Trader Joe's on Buffalo and this store in one go because they are just so close to one another.Why do I come here?Yes, this place is tiny compared to the other Whole Foods. However, I must say the in-store specials are better at this store than at the Charleston location and are easier to find due to the size of the store. I have found their baking section has a different selection (again smaller) than their other counterpart. Their meat and seafood department is substantially smaller so I usually do not make my meat purchases here.I find it is easier to shop here - I don't find myself roaming through the endless aisles, looking for stuff. I really do appreciate the fact that I can get in and get out quickly without too much fuss.After perusing the deli section, I think that theirs is nicer than the Charleston location even though it is smaller. Let's face it - a lot of the time, the Charleston location is so picked over. The Lake Mead deli area is clean and they have a different selection compared to what is available at the other store.So in short, both locations appeal for different reasons.
3	This Whole Foods certainly isn't the biggest, but it is the closest to my house.  I went in here for antibiotic free chicken, and they had it in stock.  It's expensive, but worth the price I thought.  I got side tracked by their bulk food section, I picked up some almond meal/flour (ground up almonds) because I have a vintage almond cookie recipe I want to try.  I also bought some fresh produce and some vitamins.  You can't beat whole foods for vitamins!
4	This is an amazing grocery! Although the prices tend to be a touch high, you are getting very good quality. I love the food bar in the back of the store. I'm a vegetarian and finding good, quality food that is quick and easy is hard to come by. I can run in here, grab some salads, hot foods, a smoothie, and be on my way. Check out the food bar on Wednesday's though, as it is $1.00 cheaper per pound than on any other day. Many all natural, organic, gluten free, vegan, etc. items to choose from. Ranging from hearty meals to delicious desserts. Staff is super friendly as well and very helpful.
4	I love whole foods ! The groceries are soooo fresh and decently priced but the only drawback is the employees... They're kinda rude and don't have much of a personality... The cashiers don't hold much of a conversation, they seem so miserable working here! Even though the employees are lame, it won't keep me from giving whole foods my business that's why I am giving four stars!!
3	It's just average. It's not my favorite Whole Foods because it doesn't have a large fresh deli bar section, they don't have a lot of vegan options for what they do have. The hot bar is also not as big as other Whole Foods. The store overall is pretty small but they still have most of my grocery necessities. I just prefer the W Charleston location and will continue to go there instead. They have beyond meat chicken salad and a lot of delicious veggie sides!
4	I am starting to shop here more and more over the past few weeks and I am very surprised with their prices. for the most part yes it is very expensive but the produce, meats, and products you get is at a higher standard then what you get anywhere else. Also they do have deals not like a $20 beer on sale for $19 for a bottle but if you go often they have sales on yogurt, baked goods (awesome), pastries (delicious) and their meat selection is crazy. So far I have tried the blueberry maple breakfast sausages,  peach habenero bacon, and the blueberry maple bacon and they are so tasty and flavorful!! At about $11/lb it is pricey but I usually get half a pound (about 6 slices) and that's good for at least two people as the slices are thick and cooks great! the selection of produce is always great and usually have some rarities with produce you dont usually find elsewhere.  Their premade dishes are delicious delicious we go there specifically for the chicken curry salad sometimes (yes its that good!) If it looks intimidating to go in from what you heard, I think that most people will be surprised at what you will find inside of a whole foods. Give it a try and just take a look, hey get a quarter pound of this and quarter pound of that with a drink and for around $8 (which is about what you spend at a fast-food restuarnt) and have a taste of what they have to offer and see for yourself.
5	I love this location. They have just the right amount of product selections. The size of the store is small but comforting. Vegas folks are accustomed to large stores, so many may feel confused shopping here. The staff members are friendly and down to earth. The deli sandwiches are a plus and due to the low traffic long lines do not exist here.
4	Definitely not as big & conveniently set up as other locations but still has everything I need. Being vegan Whole Foods is the best grocery store, hands down. I love all the vegan goodies they carry here and they have the best quality produce I've found.
3	It's convenient and smaller than the Charleston location but they don't have as broad of a selection.  I usually like to find fresh sprouted beans and sprouts but they don't have them here so I'm forced to travel further to the Charleston store.  Overall we love whole foods but wish this store was a little more well stocked.
3	The staff here is amazingly friendly and welcoming. The only reason why I'm giving this location 3 stars is because the location is just too small. There are too many things they don't have compared to the big location on Las Vegas Boulevard. The produce I've noticed isn't has fresh as the LVB location. Fresh seafood? You'll have a tough time finding any. Their seafood selection is so small!
4	Love this place!  The people here are very friendly and more than happy to help. Plenty of samples on new foods.  I was impressed when the produce worker came up to is at checkout with a new type of apple.  He cut it fresh, provided us with background info, and offered us a sample.
